Live: Season 1, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Live 
 s1e14 - Episode #1.14 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Live (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 14 - Episode #1.14 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 CHARACTERS AND PLACES ASSOCIATED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTIONAL Mr. Lee Sam-bo. Fail. Dad. Can I study a little longer before going back to Korea? I want to get a doctorate, but I can't do anything if I go back like this. What are you doing in the ladies' room? What? I'm sorry. Yes! If only I can run across the dry sky 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What's wrong with him? -And if only I can be in your arms -You must be out of your mind. -I don't care -You're getting an award, aren't you? -If my body breaks apart -I've gotten one too. Hey! You should be more passionate like me. I'm the best Probationary Patrol Officer after all. Why is it you? It could be me. It's not that I'm doing nothing. I'll run into your heart Hye-ri, you could win a prize. Cheer up. You're too afraid to drive an excavator. How did you become a cop to begin with? Driving an excavator 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 is nothing like being a cop. What's the difference? Both require you to be gutsy. He and I've done everything to prepare for retirement in our 50s. We got the licenses to be a real estate agent, a cook, and even an owner-cabdriver. That's why we can work even after retirement. Why are you preparing just before your retirement? How lazy. Stop it. It's not that I'm lazy. He just focused on his work. Sam-bo, you're a real cop. Please stop daunting him. Let me fill your glass. All right. SU-MAN Is Su-man not here? Su-man, what are you not coming? The thing is I'm on a night shift today. I'm sorry. You guys have fun. Hang on. Sir, how may I help you? The driver from a chauffeur service pulled my car over here. Park it. We miss you, Lieutenant Min. Lieutenant Min, just come join us. Lieutenant Min! Lieutenant Min! We miss you, -Lieutenant Min! -I'm sorry. I have to go. Sir. I'm afraid I can't drive a foreign car. I once drove your car and scratched it, so I had to pay for it. I'm sorry. God damn it! I'm drunk. How can I drive? I don't know. I don't care. Excuse me. Don't you feel sorry for Lieutenant Min though? I know. He just punched the criminal who insisted he's innocent after hitting a family and running away in a car accident. But it led to police brutality, and he got fired. He hasn't even paid off the settlement money for the criminal and civil cases of police brutality yet. His retirement pension was cut in half because he was fired. He's still repaying the bank loan for the settlement money. Does he stay in touch with his wife and children? The media reported the case as police violence, so his family was deeply hurt. That's why he's divorced and lives alone. That's so frustrating. Let's stop talking about it. Let's just drink. All right. Cheers! Hey, why are you drinking coke? Everyone, I recently felt the desire to live a long life. Please forgive me. All right. Cheers for the police! -Cheers! -Cheers! EPISODE 14 This is nice. Someone's inside, right? Answer me. Anyone inside? Sergeant Kang, Sergeant Kang! Okay, take her to a hospital immediately. -Open the door. -I heard you. I'll be there right after work. I'm at the scene now. What's going on? Jeong-o, what's the matter? Please wait outside. Okay. I'll be right outside. Call me if you need me. Hey, why... Why are you sitting on the floor? I got my period out of the blue and started feeling dizzy. But I don't have any pads. I don't have money to buy them. Could you buy one for me? Are you... really okay? I'm just on my period, that's all. Officer Han, is everything okay? Yes, sir. PARK EUN-BI Thank you. Just a second. You have blood on your skirt. Aren't there menstrual pads you can use at the infirmary? I feel bad about using them every month. I don't think the nurse likes it. Go back to your classroom now. You know that there's a situation, right? It's nothing serious. Please radio the team. She's the girl Captain An was looking for earlier, Park Eun-bi. The potential rape case at Mahyeon High. The situation is over now. We tracked the IP address and caught the suspect at an internet cafe near the school. The situation is over. Officers who are at the scene... The situation is over now, right? -Yes. -Officers from Hongil Patrol Division, the principal would like to thank you in person. Please come to the main meeting room on the second floor. -We don't have time for that. -The principal would like to thank you. -The perp is a weirdo. -Please come to the second floor. Why did he post about planning to rape someone just for fun? What a psycho. He'll be charged with intimidation and obstruction of business. The culprit in a similar case got eight months of jail time. That's great. He needs to learn what the law can do. THE 25TH PARENTS' MEETING I'm truly relieved that the situation got resolved without anything happening. We owe it all to the help we received from the police officers here. Gosh, this is so annoying. We have a lot to do. Can't we just leave? -This is part of our job. Be quiet. -Thank you so much. Had he not been caught... My gosh, even just the thought makes me shudder. Totally. It would've brought disgrace on our great school. By the way, what kind of support can we provide to the school as parents in order to prevent sexual assault? Receiving the training in our sexual assault prevention program, which is recommended by the Ministry of Education, will definitely be helpful. I heard that some schools neglect sex education because they're so focused on the college entrance exam. Sex education is necessary for prevention of-- What does that have to do with preventing sexual assault? I think we should raise money to install security cameras in and outside of the school. That will be a lot more effective. -Definitely. -I totally agree. Why bother asking if they're not even going to listen? -Great idea. -It's such a good idea. In my opinion... Sexual assault prevention programs and sex education taught in schools are the most effective way to prevent it. Sex crimes don't only occur outside the school. They can also happen inside the school anytime. -"Inside the school"? -"Inside the school"? -That's absurd. -What's she talking about? Among all middle and high school students, about 10 percent of boys and five percent of girls have sexual experiences. And a high percentage of them experience pregnancy and abortion. Well, we're discussing how we can prevent sexual assault. Why is she talking about abortion? Gosh, that's so horrible. -My goodness. -What's her problem? You can't prevent sexual violence by telling girls not to stay out late, not to wear short skirts, and not to wear makeup. You also can't prevent it by just being mindful of rapists, like the one we caught last week. I can happen in a relationship, in families, and even between classmates. -Is she saying our children can do that? -What's she saying now? Do you think that our children are criminals or what? But schools don't provide systematic sex education programs to their students-- Look. Miss. We want to ask you police officers about more practical ways to prevent sexual crimes. For example, can police officers be stationed at the school? Sex education, my foot. Kids can learn those things from the Internet. That's enough, Jeong-o. Such information isn't organized systematically, and it's often incorrect. The school must educate students on contraception methods, how to use a condom, and sexual etiquettes. Students can also have discussions on whether they agree with abortion or not. Sex education is necessary. -She's spewing total nonsense. -I'm speechless. And if you'd like to do something for students, you can think about installing a machine that gives out pads for free. for students from low-income families instead of putting up security cameras-- Who can't afford to buy menstrual pads these days? -Goodness. -What a joke. It's been on the news, and there are many people like that around us. Considering our culture, it's hard to provide practical sex education programs where we can give out free condoms at school, but-- -"Free condoms"? -Is she out of her mind? Look, are you suggesting that the school should give out condoms? Are you saying the school should encourage them to have sex or what? That's not what she meant. In other countries, such proactive-- Condoms won't encourage students to have sex. In fact, they prevent STDs and many crimes such as illegal abortion. I think that is a lot more practical and effective than installing security cameras. -Goodness. -What the heck is wrong with her? -What's with her? -That was way out of line. How dare she say that our kids might get an abortion and need condoms? -They're here to study. -Teacher. Why does the school need to give out condoms? -Exactly. -Code Zero. A robbery case at Hongan 3-dong 167. -We have the suspect. -We have to go. A neighbor called it in. Officers, please respond. I have colorectal cancer. According to my CT scan and MRI result, the doctor thinks stage two or three. He won't know until he opens me up for operation. -Did you request a medical leave? -Yes. It was accepted today. I have to prepare for my surgery starting tomorrow. I haven't been able to tell my team yet. We're always so busy. I wanted to ask. Are you in complete remission? It's been about seven years. Well... Last week, I had a relapse. It's nothing serious. It can be treated with medication. My patrol division is just as busy as yours which is why I asked to be transferred as police corporal at Bomun. I heard you asked to be transferred there too, so I came by to ask if you could let me have the spot. I guess I can't. Your situation is just as bad. Anyway, I'll get going. Sir. Sir? Sir. We'll talk again soon. Bye. -Good night. -Take care, sir. Where's Jeong-o? She's upstairs with Captain Eun. -We're back. -We're back. No one's here. Sang-su, -how are Jeong-o's living conditions? -Sorry? Will she be okay if she gets fired? -Why... -Ask her and get back to me on it. I'm off. -Good night. -See you tomorrow. Good night, sir. -What was that about? -Tell me. Why can't you apologize? I didn't do anything wrong that I need to apologize for. Why mention condoms at a school? A parent is filing a complaint against you. I'm not asking you to apologize for me, but for you. You're a probationary officer. Do you think you'll be able to become a cop then? During my time here, I have proved myself as a cop. Why would a complaint ruin my chances? Complaints dictate our careers because we're powerless. It's like getting convicted. It doesn't make sense, right? It's unfair, but that's our reality. Twelve parents in total are filing complaints against you. How could you suggest such inappropriate things like giving students condoms and debating about abortion at a school? They're saying you insulted the students. They felt like you were accusing their children of becoming potential predators by mentioning sexual assault between students. You! I begged the principal and got you the chance to apologize before they file the complaint, so apologize. I never insulted the students. The parents asked how they could help prevent sexual assaults, so I told them my opinion on what the best course of action is. Let them file the complaint. I'll gladly be investigated. Jeong-o, wait. Jeong-o! How can you just sit there and eat? If she receives a complaint, does it hurt the division's performance? In her case, if she ends up being investigated after her incident with the taser gun, she might not make it onto the force. Get it? She studied hard to get here, but this might ruin all of her chances. Get it? Apologize to the parents. Everyone at the division agrees. I don't think that what you said was wrong. But formal complaints are messy. You'll be questioned by Internal Affairs all the time and it'll hurt your career. We're only probationary officers. So apologize. At least for mentioning condoms and abortion. You know how Korean parents are. -They think they're always right. -This time, I'm right though. Jeong-o, don't be so stubborn. We're cops, not teachers. How sex education is taught in schools, and how parents raise their children are not a part of our job description. Why can't you see that? Those ladies said there's no need for you to worry about their children. It happened to me so who says it won't happen to their kids? How can they be sure? When I was in grade 10, I was raped at a mountain behind my school. After the assault, I didn't know what actions to take. I didn't know about emergency contraceptive pills, so I ended up getting an illegal abortion. Those who assaulted me were students at my school. What happened to me can happen to anyone. I won't apologize because I'm right this time. Patrol 21, Patrol 21. We're at the motorcycle and car collision site. Patrol 21, Patrol 21. We're at the collision site. Take out the cones and set up a perimeter. We don't want a secondary accident. Why are we the only ones here? Where is the traffic police? They're wrapping up a five-car pile-up in Mapo. They'll be there soon. Paramedics are on their way. Please step inside the coned area. It's dangerous. Sir, I think the motorcyclist is dead. I think he smashed his head. He's not moving. He's dead. He must be dead. This is the sedan and motorcycle collision site. The motorcyclist is dead. I'm a policeman. Are you awake? Hang in there. An ambulance will be here soon. I want to get you out of the car, but that could do you more harm. Bear with me. Officer Song, set out the traffic cones. More cars could run into us. Officer Song, what are you doing? Hey. What's wrong with you? Hye-ri. Hye-ri. Wake up. What do you mean the assistant chief requested a transfer? HEAD OF DIVISION Tell me everything you know in detail. From the beginning. Let go. Let go! What is it now? My shift's almost over. Hello, everyone. -You had a long shift? -Yes. We'll get changed quickly. Okay. Can you answer questions? Or will you sleep it off and talk to us tomorrow? I'll answer questions. Come here, then. Sit still, will you? This is crazy. We should be home by now. Why did you two fight? I was drinking, and that asshole punched me first! You slept with my wife! I'll kill you! What's wrong with you? -My goodness. -Stop it. -I'll put cuffs on your ankles. -Get off me! Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay? Damn it. Dial 911! Dial 911! What's wrong? Are you okay? I'm fine. Can I come in? I need to go home. I have nothing to say. Why are you taking your uniform? To wash it at home. Which home? My Daejeon home. You work tomorrow. Why are you going to Daejeon? I applied for a day off. Were you very shocked? I need to change. Okay. Get some rest. But you must come back. Okay? CONTACTS HAN JEONG-O SENIOR CHOI MYEONG-HO It's Jeong-o. Go ahead. I'm near the station. If I come to where you live, can we meet up? Right now, I want to be alone. Jeong-o. Yes? Are you really okay? Answer me. Are you okay? Sorry. I want to say I'm okay, but I'm not. I have to go. Go away, Sang-su. HAN JEONG-O I said go away. What do you want? What are you doing? We work tomorrow. You can't drink the night before. I'm getting rid of it all. Get out. I said get out. So you're not going to leave? Then I will. I'll do it. You must be exhausted. Why do more work when you worked all day? Just let me do it. You should take a nap, Dad. Let's do it together. Go in, please. I said I'll do it. Go in and get more sleep. Then just rinse this and go to bed, okay? I'll take care of the rest later. Okay? Sang-su. Did you make enough for me? You can eat if you want. You're crazy. Do you live here now or what? You sleep here whenever you want. Nothing happened. You idiot. How is that possible? Jeong-o is so attractive. Is there something wrong with you? Do you feel a little weak down there or what? Stop it, Mom. Hey, don't seduce him with that smile of yours. Or just date him. Make up your mind, will you? Stop spewing nonsense and just go to work. Go on. Jeong-o, there are pickles inside that thing. It's good with rice. Try it. And... can you just let Sang-su live here with you? -Just date him. Please? Jeong-o. -Gosh, stop. -You don't need to look far. Jeong-o! -Jeez. Give me a kiss. Are we good now? Then go. She won't like me if she thinks that I'm a mama's boy. Leave, please. Gosh, you're so picky. Guys, be careful as always, okay? Be safe! Your safety comes first! Be safe... Jeez, seriously. My mom is really something. Jeong-o. Can you please just let Sang-su move in with you? I'll be good to you. Jeong-o, please! You idiot. -Do you want fried eggs? -Sure. So? What happened to those punks? I don't know. On the day of, I was too flustered, so I couldn't report it to the police. And after that, I didn't even want to think about it. I was afraid too. You said they were guys at your school. It's just my guess. I heard them say this as they were abandoning me in the forest. "She's Han Jeong-o from class 6 grade 10, right?" After that incident, I kept missing school because I was scared. Then, I transferred schools. Is that why you broke up with Da-yeong? Han-pyo said he went to school with you. He was friends with your ex, Jeong Da-yeong. Da-yeong was such a sweet guy. I really liked him. LIEUTENANT OH YANG-CHON Han Jeong-o speaking. What are you going to do about the complaint? Are you going to apologize or not? I don't want to apologize, sir. Jeong-o. I won't apologize to the parents. Shall we go for a run? Let's go. Jeong-o, let's go for a run. Come on. Jeong-o, Jeong-o. Are you taking a shower? Jeong-o! Did you fall down? Hey, what on earth happened? Jeong-o. Jeong-o. Yesterday and today, after hearing my story, you haven't said anything or tried to comfort me. You heard about everything. How did that make you feel? I'm sad. I'm so sad that I can't say anything. I want to tell you that I'm proud of you, that it must have been hard, that I'm proud of how you handled yourself. But I'm too sad to say anything. Sang-su. I feel so relieved now. I guess I felt that it was unfair that I had to keep it all inside without telling anyone. I guess I wanted to tell someone and receive consolation. I'm so glad I told you. A huge weight has been lifted off my chest. I feel much better. Dad, look at this. It's used, but it works fine. Maybe I should've gotten a new one. Are you sick? You didn't eat your porridge. I told you to eat while I went to buy a TV. You have a fever. Dad, sit up. Sit up. Let's go to the doctor's. Put this on. We're going to the doctor's. Here. Here. Put it on. Come on. Goodness. What's wrong? Are you thinking about going to where Mom is? Huh? Is that it? Are you a devoted husband? Since when did you care about Mom so much? She's gone, but you need to stay here with us. You did nothing for me, are you going to put me through consecutive funerals? I'm right. You hit me and Mom, but did nothing for us. That's more like it. Let's eat. I don't have an appetite. Hold on a second. Have this instead then. I'm divorced, and my kids are all grown. All I have left is you. So eat up. You need to regain your vigor. Thank you for eating it. I'm sorry. We never really started anything, but I'm telling you it's over. Even though I was assaulted, I thought I put it behind me. I thought I was okay. I believed that I was ready to love. I believed I was okay physically and mentally. Jeong-o. We're breaking up because of one reason only. I'm not the guy for you. Other than that, there's nothing that keeps us apart. Besides, the one who's not ready is me, not you. After I first kissed you, I asked myself dozens of times a day. "Myeong-ho, are you really over Hyeon-su?" "Then why can't you let go of her pendant?" I... I just couldn't answer any of those questions. That's when I knew. I still love her. You date for three years, applied to be cops together, and worked in the same division. How can you move on in just two years? That's just isn't possible. You're right. I guess I rushed into things. Yes. Jeong-o. I hope you end up with someone far better than me. All right? Okay. I placed my order earlier. -Please enjoy. -Thank you. Seriously. Can you take your dates elsewhere? I don't want to see it on my way to work. Who's on a date? We just broke up. Laying it all out in the open will be easier for us both. How's Da-yeong these days? I heard from school friends that he's studying law in England. Is he still studying? He joined a law firm last month and started dating recently. That's great news. He'll be happy with whomever he's with, since he's a decent guy. What's gotten into her? Hey. Did you know Jeong-o and Myeong-ho broke up? Hold on. Is she dating you instead? No one's home. The man who crashed into the car you were driving is in hospital, and his wife's nursing him. I see. Was the man badly hurt? I can't reach him. He fractured a cervical vertebra. I'm so sorry. You'll have a hard time paying for the repairs and medical bill. What's all this? Even if it was an imported car, it can't cost 47 million won to repair. Mr. Min, did the guy from block 308 unit 1403 tell you to pay for this too? Don't you have to pay for the repairs to the other car and his medical bills too? This accident happened because they refused to fix the warning light in the lot. Gosh, this is a disaster. Hire a lawyer. I have to go. So... The Resident Council decided to let you go. I went down on my knees to beg them to do anything but that. I'm sorry. You have until the end of the month. You can go home for today. The man who crashed into the car you were driving fractured a cervical vertebra. I'm so sorry. You'll have a hard time paying for everything. The Resident Council decided to let you go. I went down on my knees to beg them to do anything but that. I'm sorry. MY DAUGHTER The number you have dialed is not available at this moment. MY SON The number you have dialed... We'll go straight to our reporter out at Mahyeon Police Station. Captain An, about a year ago, there was a case on Mount Somyeong's Trail 11 near Mount Baekun that was suspected to be committed by the same criminal. The police were notified of the case... A year ago, she worked here. Why was that her responsibility? Aren't they lunatics? At the recent briefing, the chief announced he'll punish the officer in charge. What do you say about that? -How annoying. -The public... Isn't the chief a bastard? How dare he punish her? Captain An asked for a task force team, but her superior and the chief refused saying they were unrelated because the cases were in different areas. Every officer in the area knows that. The victim reported it two months later. How can we investigate with no evidence? They're all talk when they know nothing. This is driving me insane. Damn you all. Can we please watch the news? Why bothering watching that? You're leaving anyway. I'm sick of being a cop. They said nothing about how we caught him. This event has cast serious doubt on... Assistant Chief, what should we do? Han Jeong-o. What'll you do about the high school incident? Will you apologize or not? I don't... I don't feel like it yet. Do you have time and energy to spare? What's wrong with you? Do you think we held back because we don't have guts? Will you just take it easy? There's a lot to do. Let's go out. I'm sure there's a reason she said those things. It's me. I wanted to know how you felt. Right now? It's pretty simple. I feel like shit. How is she? Han Jeong-o, come to the gym. Lieutenant Oh. Jeong-o's... You don't feel like apologizing? Do you only do what you want? I believe I said what had to be said for the sake of the students. Condoms and abortions tie into preventing sexual assault. Preventing sexual assault is one of our core duties. That's what I believe. Who cares what you believe? It's about the public. You may think that the parents who were there are just narrow-minded, old-fashioned snobs. To me, they looked like average parents, who are agitated and concerned that their kids had been exposed to a threat all day. Install machines that dispense free sanitary pads. Hand out free condoms like they do overseas. Hold debates regarding the issue of abortion. That wasn't for yesterday. It would've been more efficient if you'd posted your opinion on the Ministry of Education's website as a local police officer concerned with such issues. That is my opinion. Captain An was condemned by the media today for no reason and is facing disciplinary action. The Captain An I know might be infuriated by the injustice today, but tomorrow, she will jump head-first into whatever case comes her way. Is it because everything's right? Is it because she lacks conviction? That's not it. In her case, rather than pushing her beliefs like you, she will take the issues, put in her time and best effort to improve the conditions. Like always, she'll consider that to be the most important thing. What will you do now? The problems with sexual education in schools. Will you put in your time to appeal to the Ministry of Education? Or will you consume your energy quarreling with the parents? Tell me. What's your choice? I'll apologize. Captain An. Will she be all right? Will she be met with a severe disciplinary action? I don't know. Anyway, I like how you're rough around the edges. It's the perk of a young officer. That's how it should be. Don't be discouraged and keep it up. That's how the world will change for the better. Is this the teacher's office? I'm Officer Han Jeong-o of Hongil Patrol Division. I'm sorry, but how can I reach the principal? I didn't make anything up. You'll soon be leaving anyway. You asked to be transferred to Bomun as a police corporal. Captain Oh of Myeongu Patrol Division called. His senior's cancer relapsed, so he needs an easygoing job. Everyone at his division is pulling strings, but he's saying you're stealing his chances. He's infuriated. That's not decent at all. I know that this division is busy every day at every hour. Of course you want to spend your last years on the job at ease. But behind my back and everyone here, you asked to be transferred to just save yourself. How can you be so rude? You... You have no idea why I had to handle it this way! Of course I don't. Am I a psychic? I can't read people's minds. How can I know when you haven't told me? I've been trying very hard to not let my promotion exam interfere with work, but kudos to you. You just asked for a transfer as if we didn't matter at all! That's enough. Fine. You're right. I... A few days ago... What am I going to do? The man I brought in a few days back hurt himself, but he's blaming it on me. He filed a complaint claiming police brutality. What do I do? What if I lose my badge over this? Assistant Chief, you won't believe this. A call came in about a security guard committing arson, so our division rolled out. I looked into the call, and that security guard is Su-man. What? You can't stay here. Please evacuate to a safer location! What the hell is going on? Rolling down the hose. Won-u, here comes the paramedics. Excuse me. Out of the way. Let the ambulance through. MIN SU-MAN Damn it. The person you are trying to reach... MIN SU-MAN Pick up. Pick up, damn it! Why aren't you saying anything? Shouldn't someone explain to me what's going on? We're sorry, Captain An. For the sake of the entire force, the chief couldn't say otherwise. We followed protocol. Unless three or more cases are tied, we can't classify it as a serial. Forming a task force can expose the victims' identities, and the media puts pressure on the investigation. However, the public doesn't care. They don't care that we caught the culprit either. The mother of the deceased has reported me, the chief, and you for dereliction of duty. It's impossible to have us prosecuted. Still, we need to dig ourselves out of this mess. We all know that you're not to blame. The prosecutor's office is in sharp disagreement on this, so whatever we say will be heard as an excuse. Captain An, I know it's not fair, but don't make this messier. Think of the force and-- I'm a member of that said force too. You're right. We're all members of it. So as a member of the force-- That's not what I mean! You, me, and everyone here are a member of the force. So why am I the only one getting disciplinary action? Tell me. Why is it that you can't be the subject instead? Give me a good reason. Why? Are you too high up on the food chain to receive it? Is that why I'm the scapegoat? I was diagnosed with cancer. Su-man! Go! The job at Bomun Station. Make sure you're the one who ends up going. Not him. If you were my daughter, I'd have you quit the force. They want me to get lost. Should we both quit? Drop your weapon! Subtitle translation by Hye-lim Park 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 