Live: Season 1, Episode 16 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Live 
 s1e16 - Episode #1.16 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Live (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 16 - Episode #1.16 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 CHARACTERS AND PLACES ASSOCIATED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTIONAL EPISODE 16 -Let's go. -You can't eat a lot today. -I don't eat a lot. -That's not true. -I'm serious. -Don't be ridiculous. -Hello. -Hello. We'll have two portion of rabbokki. Please add 3 fried dumplings and 3 eggs. And we'll have 3 fish cake skewers and 3 servings of gimbap. Hey, are you a pig? That's too much. -You eat the most. -You crazy punk. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I lost weight. You have the biggest head among us. Let's measure the size of our heads then. Hey, give me your head. You have to measure it fair and square. -All right. -Just measure it. Hello. I'm the mother of the cute boy with a big head. Then some kids came from the opposite direction, and... Please tell him his mother paid for the food. After they finish their food. Hey, I can beat you. What am I doing? What's there to do for a suspended cop? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm taking care of my children who have been on the back burner, and I'm doing some chores. -What? -The prosecutor is like Lee Ju-yeong's attorney. He prosecutes Lee Ju-yeong only for what he says. He even rejected crucial evidence like handwritten records. The court has no choice. The prosecution closed the case of prostitution. They only prosecuted him for gambling. Damn it. What's the point of arresting criminals? Prosecutors and judges will release them anyway. Hello? Captain An? The active police officer, who was charged with gambling and prostitution, was sentenced to a fine of seven million won. There's criticism that the prosecution and police didn't mount a proper investigation. The Seoul Central District Court sentenced Lieutenant Lee Ju-yeong of Jangdong Police Station, who was prosecuted for gambling, a fine of 7 million won. Lieutenant Lee was charged with gambling and prostitution last March, but the prosecution and police only admitted the charge of gambling. And the court accepted the prosecution and pronounced a fine for gambling. According to the Police Officers Act, he can be dismissed only when he's sentenced to suspension or more. -Therefore Lieutenant Lee will... -These crazy assholes. Don't you know I'm suspended? You should talk about these things with your new boss. -How much is this? -Hold on. The case of fleeing after assault of the owner of Myeongil Auto Shop and the clerk at Stop Convenience Store. Patrol 18 responding. Last call. Heading to a three-way intersection near Mahyeon Gym. I repeat. Patrol 18 responding. Last call. Heading to a three-way intersection near Mahyeon Gym. Patrol 21 will aid Patrol 18. Last call. Heading to the intersection near Mahyeon Gym. Patrol 23 will aid Patrol 18. Last call. Heading to the intersection near Mahyeon Gym. Hold on. It's that sedan. It has the plates 8729. It's him. Stop him! Damn it! -What happened? -My goodness. Is someone injured? -I think someone's inside. -Oh, my goodness. Is he getting off? -What's going on? -Patrol cars nearby, please report. There was an accident. What is going on? What was that? Is it a gun? Sang-su, duck! Sang-su, be careful. Hye-ri, don't get out. Request backup. We're at the intersection near Mahyeon Gym. An officer has been shot. I repeat, an officer has been shot! Requesting back up from patrol cars in the vicinity. Put down the gun. I repeat. An officer has been shot at the intersection near Mahyeon Gym. Put down the gun. Requesting back up from patrol cars in the vicinity. Is the suspect still... An officer is shot at the intersection near Mahyeon Gym. Requesting back up from patrol cars. -Take cover behind the car. -Okay. Put down the gun. Die! Die, you assholes! Put down the gun. Got it. We're on the way. Lieutenant Oh. Lieutenant Oh Yang-chon. Lieutenant Oh. Cover me. Cover him. -Cover him. -Cover him. The situations with the assaults at Myeongil Auto Shop and the convenience store as well as the shooting of an officer is now over. The situation is over. We've arrested the suspect with an illegal homemade pistol. The suspect was shot by an officer, and he's injured now. Also... The officer, who was shot by the suspect's illegal pistol at the scene, is dead. Send paramedics to the scene. I repeat. An officer, who was shot by the suspect's illegal pistol at the scene, is dead. Send paramedics to the scene. FORENSICS You must know that you'll be investigated by Internal Affairs if your use of firearms violated the rules or code of conduct in any way. It's likely nothing will happen, but the fact that two officers shot him might cause trouble. The suspect shot at us with a homemade pistol. -If we didn't shoot him-- -Should we have let him shoot us? You should try being shot at. Stop spewing total nonsense. I'm sorry. -I'm just worried, that's all. -I understand what you're saying, but keep your mouth shut. We know as much as you do because we've been doing this for over 20 years. Don't bring up the rules in a situation like this even if you're worried. We're not in our right minds at the moment. Okay, all right. Good work. Everyone must be in shock. Try to console them, Gyeong-mo. Okay. Goodbye. Honey. Are you okay? I'm sleepy. You should go home. All right, then. Get some sleep. I'll see you later. Well... Last week, I had a relapse. I came by to ask if you could let me have the spot. I guess I can't. Your situation is just as bad. Captain Eun, the suspect survived. He's an alcoholic who suffers from paranoia. He said he wanted to teach those -who belittled him a lesson-- -Enough. I don't want to hear it. All of our guys are already out at the scene. You should just go home early. All mentors probably won't be able to sleep tonight anyway. Let's grab a drink at the pub across the street. Han-pyo, you should gather all mentees. Don't spend your own money... I'm not going. I'm going to assemble all mentees. Han-pyo, take charge and bring them all to the front of the building. Why? Do I have no authority because I'll be retiring soon? Sir, we're really sorry, but Won-u and I have important plans this evening. We don't want to disobey your order, -but we apologize-- -Then you guys can go. What about you? Do you have plans too? No, sir. I'll go let Officer Han and Officer Song know as well. Sam-bo, don't be like that. Let's just grab a drink-- Shut up. -Sir. -Be quiet! You guys aren't the only ones who can think. Our fellow officer got shot in the head by a homemade gun in broad daylight and died in a country where guns are illegal. And he wasn't there alone. He was surrounded by other officers, but he still had to die like that. Two years ago, there was a shooting in Yanghyeon. It was only after a cop was shot and killed that they decided to change the heavy, hard to wear body armor into newer, lighter ones. But he couldn't even wear that body armor today. He was battling cancer. He went to the scene in the middle of his treatment. He was supposed to transfer to an easier position very soon. Sir, please. -Sam-bo. -I know I'm not the only one who's sad. You guys must be distraught too. But you see, my heart aches so much. I'm sorry, guys. When I saw Captain Kang getting shot, all I could think was my kids and my wife. Come out, guys. Let's drink. Hye-ri. Hye-ri. Let's leave her be, Sang-su. Do you want a hug? I was so scared. I thought we were all going to die. I know. We were all scared. BATTING CAGE Darn! Do it again. I got the hang of this now. -There. -Nice! Good one. -Do it again. -Here it comes. They've been drinking and singing at a karaoke room and playing at an arcade. They had the time of their lives. I recorded it all. -What are you doing? -Do better! I think we have enough. Won-u, send the video you recorded to Seung-jae. He'll relay them all to Sergeant Kim. Won-u, you and I are going to get a good look at them. I sent the video I recorded. You should leave. -But Won-u... -Leave it to us and go. -This is the last one. -You've got this. -Home run! -Yes! -Did you see that? -We sure did. -Who the hell are you? -You bat well even with that shitty stance. -Who are you bastards? -We heard that you paralyzed your right arm and have a severe headache with vertigo. You seem fine though. It wasn't 1 or 2 minutes, but for 30 minutes straight, you were able to swing like a pro. Your arm is fine. You guys are cops, aren't you? You bastards. You. Hand me your phone. My friend, I think your huge payday just went down the drain. Give me your phone. If you don't want to die, you'll hand it over when I ask nicely. Hand it over, you asshole. What are you looking at? What can you do about it anyway? Hand it over. Give it to me. Your dead meat. Everybody look up! What you just did has been caught on camera, so what now? Would you like to hit us again? We won't hit you back. You guys are all screwed now. Yes, the police can't hit civilians. But know this. You... Assaulting a police officer -can also put you behind bars. -Why you... Officers in the area will swarm this place once I press this. Don't belittle us. I can beat the crap out of you any day. I'm only holding back because I'm a police officer. -Do you get that? -Just so you know, I'm reporting you for assault. I'll see you at the station. Shit! Why did you have mess with cops? -This is all because of you. -Damn it. If I could, I'd gladly throw a punch. If I wasn't a police, I would've beaten him to death. As you all know, I'm retiring this Friday. Although I'm the oldest here, I haven't done anything for you. I'll pay 100,000 won for each of you at the firing range today, so fire away. Thank you. Thank you. -Thank you. -It's up to you to protect yourselves. Gun related cases like today can happen anytime in Korea now. Illegal homemade firearms, air guns, and even smuggled guns are a possibility. Crimes are getting more vicious. No matter how tired you are from your workload, no matter how expensive it is to practice here, you should come to the firing range and practice once a week. -That's how-- -Incidents like today... Can't be avoided despite our good aim. He got shot in the head. Still, you and Lieutenant Oh hit the suspect in the arm and leg. It prevented further casualties. There's a reason why we say we're in the line of fire. But what can we do? That's our job. We have to go to the scene of crimes. I'm not smart enough to say something cool to you all. Just make sure you always stay safe and retire of old age like me. Understand? -Yes. -Yes. Some slots have opened up. Go in and practice. -Yes. -Yes. Why aren't you going in? You were amazing today. "I have a partner. I'm not alone." knowing that, I felt reassured. Hye-ri, your arms move around too much. -Do more push-ups. -Yes, sir. Sang-su, drop your shoulders. Yes, sir. Jeong-o, you have great form. Arrest him for blackmailing and calumny. Don't agree to a settlement even if he begs. With this as evidence, his head injury will be ruled as self-inflicted, so... Thank you. Thank you so much. Moving on. In a Seoul downtown area, a shocking turn of events occurred when a police officer was gunned down by a suspect with a homemade firearm. Around three o'clock this afternoon at a three-way intersection in Mahyeong-gu, Captain Kang Tae-hun of Myeongu Patrol Divison responded to an assault case in the area. The suspect in the case fired his homemade pistol at him. Captain Kang was shot in the head, and he lost his life at the scene. The late Captain Kang fulfilled his duties as an officer despite suffering from gastric cancer. He was known to always arrive first at a dangerous scene, which is why this loss is devastating. The police has announced a special promotion for Captain Kang... We shared the sad news of losing Captain Kang Tae-hun, but not all police officers have a sense of duty like him. Despite illegal gambling and sex trafficking charges, the police officer in question has not been charged with an adequate sentence. Seoul Jangdong Police... Every news outlet should be reporting Captain Kang's fall in the line of duty. Instead they're reporting on that piece of shit. He must have connections in the prosecutor's office. Even a 10-year prison sentence isn't enough for what he did, but how could he get off with a fine? He loses his badge if he gets probation, so they fined him instead. That's just dirty. I don't know about him but... I bet he'll get a cushy position soon. Son of a bitch. Shut your mouths and raise your glasses. Safety first. -Safety first. -Safety first. See you tomorrow. Another drink and I might cause trouble. -See you tomorrow. -Take care. He brought his car. Don't worry. He called someone. Let's finish our beers and go home. Safety first. -Safety first. -Safety first. Who were you calling? Chauffeur service. I saw the news. You did well, my husband. Honey. I don't want to say anything. Okay. Get in. I'll take you home. Aren't you getting in? HAN-SOL Hi, Boss. You retire in two days. I'm not your boss anymore. Just call me Han-sol. Should I do that? Should I call you Han-sol now? Yes. Sam-bo. You did great today, catching the perpetrator. Well done. You did even better by not getting hurt. I commend you for that. Thank you for not getting hurt. The kids got scared. Boss. Will you come to my retirement? Of course. I can't drink alcohol or be on duty, but I'll definitely be there. Thanks. Don't thank me, Lieutenant Lee. I mean, Sam-bo. I'll see you then. Goodbye. A cop can't run away when someone shoots. He must catch the shooter. What if he dies? He didn't die. He didn't die or get hurt today, but what about next time? Cops are human beings too. Bullets kill them. That goes for Yang-chon and you too. It's all over once you die. The pension for dying on the job, the honor, the respect of others means nothing once you're dead. That's a huge kite. Is it for me? It's for the cop who died today. I want to fly it for him. What are you thinking about? About when Captain Kang got shot. I felt sorry for his partner who was dazed and shocked. What's the difference between him and me right now? What's the worst part? The fact that someone died. "I'm so glad I didn't die. I'm glad it wasn't someone from my division. I'm so glad." I keep having such selfish thoughts. GOVERNMENT FUNDED STUDY ABROAD PROGRAM During the day I heard about the shooting in your district, and tonight they did a report on random killings on the news. All that is keeping me up. Jeong-o, is it okay to be a cop? Others do it, so why can't I? When can you apply to go abroad on that thing you mentioned? I don't qualify yet. There's a good opportunity. I want to apply for a government funded program. That'll work as an advantage when I apply for a promotion or to work abroad. I'm glad you're considering that. Then you can quit working at your division soon. And you won't have to go back there. I'm so scared about you working there. My heart pounds so fast. The panic disorder I'm finally recovering from might come back. Okay. I get it, so hang up. Jeong-o, come and sleep with me. I keep waking up. Mom, I have to go. Sleep well. Go to bed. I'll join you soon. I like you. I like you too. Jeong-o. Are you really going to study abroad on the government scholarship and work somewhere overseas after that? What about Sang-su? It looks like he'll stay at the division. Will you break up with him? Just go to sleep. Her tongue has been cut off. The random attacks where civilians are getting stabbed and sprayed with flour have been spreading from Jangnam to Jangdong. Our precinct isn't safe. Hence, I've decided to carry a gun with me at all times from now on. From Captain Kang's case, I learned that taser guns can't shoot far and the effects only last a few seconds, so it's hard to detain suspects. I heard Sergeant Kang was the only one who hit the suspect with the taser. Just carry a taser gun. Sergeant Kang was supposed to have a gun on him. It hurts our back, but there's a reason why we carry taser guns. In this country, guns aren't used to shoot perps. Haven't you heard that we cops are better off throwing them at perps? The suspect yesterday wasn't moving, so Lieutenant Oh and Lieutenant Lee could shoot him in the arm and leg. But most of the time, they move. What if you end up killing the suspect? I don't even want to think about it. Plus, you'll be investigated by Internal Affairs right away and go to trial too. That's right. Last year, an officer shot a robber, who ended up with a full-body paralysis, and the officer got fired for excessive use of force. He got fired? I'm sure he shot the guy because he had no other choice. Everyone, from the government to the citizens, wants us to catch criminals with our bare hands. A few years back in Cheongma, an officer was killed by bastards causing a scene with axes. Because using a gun almost always leads to disciplinary action, he tried to stop them without shooting them. But as for Captain Kang's case, the perp used a gun, and a cop died. The media and the prosecution can't criticize us for shooting him, -but in most cases-- -Perps use knives. Sometimes, they use axes or pickaxes. How can we fight them with our bare hands? Apparently, that's why they give us a salary and a pension. That's what some people say. If we fail to catch suspects, people will just say that cops are incompetent, but what will happen if we die? What will our families do? Jeez... If I let a perp get away, he will threaten another innocent civilian. That's just wrong. I like your sense of duty. Why haven't you asked Jeong-o about it yet? Don't you want to know if she's really going to leave you to study abroad? I told you about it two days ago. I was hoping she'd tell me first, but she hasn't. I should ask her now. Jeong-o! Let's have breakfast together. Are you really going to take a leave of absence and apply for the scholarship? Yes. Then what am I supposed to do? Let's go. We'll be late. The cartridge and the battery checked. All good. Just take a gun. Well, my back hurts. That's just an excuse. You're trying to avoid catching the perps that run. Get going. The cartridge and the battery checked. All good. One blank, three live. All good. Go. Just let me go on patrol today. Today is my last day here. It sucks to be in the situation room. That's what everyone in the team including Chief Ki wants. You can't go on patrol today, sir. Please go to your position. Enjoy, everyone. All right. Stop it, guys. I'm just looking after my mentee. -Eat up. -Thank you. -Do you want coffee? -Yes, sir. Sir, I'd love some coffee too. Me too! Forget it, you brats. Sam-bo, what about us mentors? I'll make you guys coffee. -I don't want coffee. -Okay. Did I do something wrong? Why aren't you saying a word to me? We're busy enough here. He said he'll drop charges against you. Do you have to sue him? They say to make way for a mad man and a bull. People think that they can walk all over us because we cops always let things like this slide. But you did push him. You messaged all mentees on social media yesterday and said, "Pushing a civilian, regardless of the reason, is my fault." "You should not make the same mistake I did. Still, no one should falsely accuse a cop... Actually, no one should falsely accuse anyone and threaten one's livelihood." I'll receive disciplinary action for pushing the civilian. However, I won't just stand by and let this matter slide. I wouldn't sue him, but I'm not always right. The money we raised for you will be going to Captain Kang and Su-man. Good job. Take this as far as you can. Make sure he's punished. You've been ignoring me since the shootout. I have nothing to say. We were all scared. Jeong-o, Hye-ri and I were shocked. As a veteran, you probably weren't as fazed. I'm human too, you know. I get shocked too. Attention. My belt feels uncomfortable. Would you rather die or be uncomfortable? Uncomfortable, sir. Am I trying to scare you or make you aware when I say it's life or death? It's to make me aware, sir. Then is it okay to fasten your pistol like this? It is not okay, sir. Get your head straight, okay? I will, sir. I will. I'm glad that you weren't injured the other day. I'm glad you weren't injured too. If that happened to you, then I... I don't think I could live. Get ready to head out. The investigation on Captain Kang's case must be over already. His burial is tomorrow. We should see him off. Everyone will be here tomorrow anyway since it's your last day, so it works out. Welcome, ma'am. This is probably my last time seeing Sook-ja. Consider yourself lucky. -Aren't you tired of handling cases? -You're right. I'm sick and tired of them. Oh, my. What's that? Where did you come from? It's a kitten. -Isn't it adorable? -Hye-ri! Who said you could move from your station? I'm sorry, sir. Where do you live? My goodness. It's just a baby. It must be living on the street. -It's adorable. -I know. Code zero, code zero. 78-1, at a dead-end alley below Mount Somyeong, an old man collecting recyclables has been spotted bleeding. A woman in her 20s reported the incident. His condition is unknown. Code zero, code zero. An old man has been spotted bleeding. His condition is unknown. Hurry. Hurry up! He's over there! Make a right at the top! Over here! He's alive. The victim is alive! Cars with plate number 9895 and 6781. Move your vehicles! Cars with plate number 9895 and 6781. Move your vehicles! Make room for the ambulance. -9895 and 6781. -A man is injured! Hold on. We set up a perimeter. Can you stand guard until a detective gets here? -Sure. Let's go. -Cars 9895 and 6781! A man is injured. Please move your vehicles. There's no phone number. Cars 9895 and 6781! Shit! A man is injured. Please move your vehicles. Please move out of the way. Over there! At the end, over there! It's me, Gil. Why haven't you picked up for the past couple of days? Is it because I had the baby when you didn't want it? I'm scared. Call me. Move! This is an emergency! Over here. Out of the way! This is an emergency! MOM OB/GYN Mom, it's me. Of course, I'm fine. What do you mean you're visiting? Lieutenant Oh, you and the officers did a great job, but the old man passed away. He would've lived if he got here three minutes earlier. If not for the illegally parked cars... You should head back and leave the rest to us. Sang-su. -Yes? -Lieutenant. Let's not head back just yet. -Let's head to the scene. -And tow all those cars. I was just about to say that. Is this Boryeong Towing? This is Sergeant Kang of Hongil Patrol Division. Send a tow truck to 66, 74, 48 Hongan 1-dong... I don't care which jurisdiction the area falls under. I'll take full responsibility! Tow all the cars there that are illegally parked. Why are you towing my car? I only parked it briefly in front of my house. This road should be cleared for emergency purposes. Also, it was here since the incident earlier today. Why weren't you here when you were asked to move it? A man died today because of all these illegally parked cars! -Unbelievable. -What? -Are you kidding me? -Damn it! The elderly and teenager are being targeted by a suspect who sprinkles flour at the scene after stabbing them. These random stabbings are occurring all over Seoul. The public is trembling in fear. There were three cases over the past two days. One of the three victims died, and two were gravely wounded. Let's go to our reporter on the scene. The first random attack happened 2 days ago at around 11 p.m. inside the restroom of Jangnam-gu's district library. An unidentified male stabbed a middle-school student in the stomach multiple times, sprinkled flour on and around the boy, and then ran off. The man was captured by a security camera outside the toilet. He is relatively tall, wore a black cap and sunglasses, and looked down to hide his face. He wore a tracksuit and white sneakers. The second attack happened last night at around 9 p.m. 72-year-old Ms. Hwang was leaving her store in Jangdong-gu's Jangdong Market. She was found on the ground after being stabbed multiple times. Police found flour on the site as well. Today at around 4 p.m. in a narrow street near Mount Somyeong, inMahyeon-gu, Hongan 1-dong the third attack occurred. Mr. Park, a 75-year-old who was collecting paper to recycle, was found on the ground with stab wounds. He was taken to hospital for emergency surgery, but he lost his life. Again, there was flour at the scene of the crime. No fingerprints or footprints were found on the scene, and the flour was used to cover up all traces of the crime. The police believe all three attacks were committed by one person attempting to commit a perfect crime. The criminal wore gloves and shoes with their soles cut out. The first victim, a student, was stabbed with a blade and the second and third victims, the elderly man and woman were stabbed with a sharpened screwdriver. Those are the conclusions the police reached so far. The three victims are not connected. The pattern reveals the perpetrator targets weak children or the elderly to commit this heinous crime. The police believe the criminal is antisocial and hurts others for his pleasure. Patrol 24, Hongan 3-dong, two friends assaulted each other. Neither wanted to press charges, so they settled and parted ways. They got a warning... I love it when we let people off with a warning. It feels like we're really judges of the streets. We're winding down on our duties and returning to the station. Returning to the station. What's up? "What's up?" Will you really take time off and apply to study abroad? If I'm chosen, I will apply for time off. And? Did you apply? I plan to apply today when I get home. Don't you like me? I do like you, but working abroad was a dream of mine even before I became a cop. I don't like you enough to give that up. Sorry, Sang-su. I don't have the sense of duty you do. I became a cop to make a living. Even after I come back, I'll continue being a cop, but I won't return to a patrol division. Two days ago we lost a colleague, and today someone else died. Somewhere, there's a kid, another person getting hurt. Things happened every day. I don't think I can stand watching that happen. The patrol division doesn't suit someone like me, who doesn't have a sense of duty. Code Zero, Code Zero. A resident reported an abandoned newborn near Hongil Patrol Division. A resident reported an abandoned newborn near Hongil Patrol Division. Patrol cars in the area, please report. -Code Zero, Code Zero. -Sang-su. A resident reported an abandoned newborn There's ten minutes left. I have to work. A resident reported... You can go home. -I'll find the baby. -Please respond. Patrol cars in the area, please report. Code Zero, Code Zero. An abandoned newborn reported near Hongil Patrol Division. An abandoned newborn reported near Hongil Patrol Division. Patrol cars in the area, please report. Code Zero, Code Zero. An abandoned newborn reported near Hongil Patrol Division. An abandoned newborn reported near Hongil Patrol Division. Patrol cars in the area, please report. Patrol cars in the area, please report. Nam-il, come with us to the right. -The rest to the left. -Okay. We'll go left. Be careful everyone. I wish they told us exactly where the baby is. How is "near the patrol division" helpful? That's a huge area to cover. We're just about to get off the clock. Team Two went out right away to work on another case. The weather is too cold for a baby too. I hope they find it soon. I know. Wait! I want to ask you something. Wait. Sam-bo, what is it? I think she's the mom. She ran off after we made eye contact. Be careful! There's a car coming. You go right, I'll go left. We need to find the mom to find the baby. -Right. -Stay safe. Okay. She's in her 20s and wears a gray hoodie. -Okay. Take care. -You too. -Did you find the baby, Sang-su? -No, not yet. We'll look again. Oh, no. I found it! I think the baby's turning blue! Its breathing is irregular. The baby's breathing funny. Help! Help me, Sergeant Kang! -Make way. -Hongil Patrol Division. -Coming through. -The baby's freezing. Turn on the boiler in the restroom! Seung-jae, get the heating fan. Get everything in storage. I can perform CPR on infants. -Coming through. -Yes. -Coming through. -I took a course. Come quick! Shit, where is it? Where's the heating fan? Damn it! I know I saw it somewhere here. Get some warm water ready for the baby. Right. Where the hell is it? I'm telling you... Shut him up. Be quiet. You're going to scare the baby. Are you telling me to shut up? Help me. Help! Somebody help-- I'm a cop without a sense of duty. I only became one to make a living. I've never been ashamed to say it. So, why am I running running as if my life depended on it? One, two, three, four... It's a job no one gives us credit for. Again. One, two, three, four... Tomorrow, another case will be at the forefront. One, two, three, four... Those who appreciate us -isn't the police force. -We'll go around in turns. It's just our pitiful selves. -One, two... -Not so hard. A baby is fragile. Be careful. Still, I wished for the baby to live. Five, six, seven... If there was another job for me, I'd gladly quit this one. Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. One, two, three, four... I have a weak sense of duty. But we... No, as long as I've met the baby now, I just hope that it'll live. Attention. Salute! Isn't the baby adorable? It is. Wasn't that one grand retirement present? I'm sorry. For what? I'm going to request a leave if I get accepted. Beat 29, men's restroom at the east gate of Mahyeon Park. An officer has been stabbed. Please send paramedics. Please send paramedics! Subtitle translation by Hye-lim Park 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 