Live: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Live 
 s1e15 - Episode #1.15 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Live (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 15 - Episode #1.15 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 CHARACTERS AND PLACES ASSOCIATED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTIONAL EPISODE 15 Hye-ri, answer the phone. It seems you also got a text message. What are you doing? Aren't you coming? Officer Song, you know I'm attracted to you, right? Officer Song, come back soon. We miss you. Hurry back. Hurry back. Everyone is waiting. Roomie, this house sucks without you around. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hurry back. Hye-ri, aren't you coming back to work? I miss you. Hurry back. Dad. What? You lost your hand using the powdering machine. But why do you still work here instead of finding another job? Aren't you afraid? I'm afraid. But you know what? If you run away because you're scared, you'll continue to run away until you die. I become more cautious when I work because I'm afraid. Feeling afraid isn't a bad thing. I told you it was a serial rape case. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I said we should step in before more victims get hurt. I just followed protocol. And I just obeyed the orders of my superior, right? So... There's only one reason why I'm getting disciplinary action. It's because you guys are all using me as a scapegoat to cover up how you neglected your duty. I wish you didn't use the force as your excuse from the get-go. "We can't be reprimanded, so we ask you to take the bullet in our place so that we can end this. We're sorry." Had you been honest with me... No, actually... "Our manual isn't practical enough. We should revise it to better suit the needs." Had you suggested it and tried to persuade me, knowing my personality, I would've been like, "Fuck! I can't stand being a cop!" I would've just cursed like that, and this would've been over. We wouldn't have had to go on about this. -Captain An! -Hey! Hey, Captain An! How could you... How dare you say such a thing? Shut up, all of you. You're trying to hide behind me so that you don't lose your positions. So? What will my disciplinary action be? Will I get a pay cut? For how many months? A pay cut is too light of a punishment considering how enraged the citizens are. Then what would it be? Am I getting suspended? Do you want me to leave this agency because I make you uncomfortable? You guys are all full of shit. Those crazy fucking assholes. KI HAN-SOL -All residents, -What's going on? the police and firefighters are here at the moment. Please follow the police and firefighters' instructions... MIN SU-MAN Please evacuate as safely and quickly as possible. I repeat. The police and firefighters are here at the moment. Answer your phone. Pick up already! Please do us a favor. No pictures, please. All residents, please pay attention to the announcements... at a safe place until the situation is resolved. Please try not to enter the area. Senior Officer Choi has arrived at the south entrance. Lieutenant Oh and Officer Yeom have arrived at the north entrance behind the security guard's car. A few firefighters have arrived at the main entrance of the garage. The rest of the firefighters, do not enter and be on standby until further notice. He has a cigarette in his mouth. He probably has a lighter. Everyone, be on standby. Be on standby. KI HAN-SOL MIN SU-MAN Han-sol. Su-man. I'm sorry I couldn't be a better senior. It looks like the officers here are from your patrol division. But you see, Han-sol. I'm... holding a lighter in my hand now, so tell your officers to leave the site immediately. They'll get hurt. Su-man. I'm going to you now. Su-man! It's me, Sam-bo. -Tell your officers not to move. Now. -Everyone, stop. All officers and firefighters in the parking lot, freeze! Let's just run to his car from behind. If you open the door, -I'll tase him. -The taser gun can hurt us too. Chief Ki. There's a kid with her mom in one of the cars in the parking lot. It's in a security camera blind spot. Sam-bo. Pull over for a moment. Chief Ki, what's wrong? Su-man. In the parking lot, there's a lady and a kid who didn't do anything wrong. Su-man, let's make sure they leave the parking lot safely first. Tell your officers to escort them out. Who's there now? Escort the woman and her kid out of there. I'm a police officer. It's okay. Sam-bo. You said you'll take the exam to become a heavy equipment operator. I really hope that you pass the exam. Su-man. I was diagnosed with cancer. Colorectal cancer. I know everything you've been through, and I just heard about everything that happened to you in the last two days as well. Su-man. Life is shitty, you know. I ended up with cancer after working hard as a cop my whole life, and bad things keep happening to you even though all you've done is work so hard. Let's think that we're in this mess called life together. So please, Su-man. Don't do this. Let's meet up and drink until we drop. We can cry our eyes out together and vent to each other. This is wrong. Don't start a fire. Please don't. Han-sol. Becoming a cop is the decision I regret the most in my entire life. Hadn't I become a cop, I wouldn't have crossed paths with those bastards. Then I wouldn't have been accused of using excessive force, and I wouldn't be in this mess now. Su-man. Our lives aren't over yet! Han-sol, take good care of yourself. Don't say goodbye to me. Don't say goodbye! Don't light up your lighter. Please don't... Run! Su-man. Su-man! Don't set yourself on fire, please! Patrol 24, Patrol 24. The victim at Mindeulre Apartment has been rescued and is being escorted to the hospital. Patrol 24, Patrol 24. The fire victim at Mindeulre Apartment has been rescued and is being escorted to the hospital. EUN GYEONG-MO Gyeong-mo. I'm sorry I made you come to our patrol division. You have no idea why I had to handle it this way! Of course I don't. Am I a psychic? I can't read people's minds. How can I know when you haven't told me? I was diagnosed with cancer. Colorectal cancer. Min-seok, where are you? The complaint against you... That bastard who hurt himself. Have you been to his home? He wouldn't come out, so I couldn't meet him. His wife said that he went to a hospital for his pain. She wouldn't tell me where. We came by after wrapping up a scene. Sir. What am I going to do? His injuries were self-inflicted, but there's no way to prove that. What does he say about him bashing his head on the floor? I was just on the phone with Min-seok. According to this man, he remembers hitting his head after Min-seok pushed him. But he blacked out afterwards because of the pain. He said he floundered in agony. His body just bounced because of the pain thus hitting his head repeatedly. That crazy psycho is full of shit. Is he a ball? Why would his body bounce like that? Did they do an MRI scan? It was clean, of course. He's lying. Min-seok got himself caught up with a nasty one. How much is he willing to settle for? Fifty million won for both civil and criminal charges. Fifty million won for a few stitches? He hit the police jackpot. He knows that police brutality cases can ruin our careers. Right. What about Su-man's family? His brother is here, and his kids are on their way. That reminds me. Se-chan called. Who? The former police officer who's now a lawyer? That Kang Se-chan? Will he take this case? Thankfully, yes. That's great. Have you met with Su-man's doctor? Su-man will live, but his facial wounds are deep. Sang-su is guarding the operation room. The surgery won't end until after midnight, so go back to the division. You're in no shape to stay up all night. Jeez. I talked to the head of the Retired Police Association. He's willing to raise the money for the surgery. That's very generous. -Where are you going? -To the division. Chief, can we go somewhere and talk? -Chief! -You should go with him. Damn it! He has cancer. Why is he trying to work more? Code one, code one. A 70-year-old old lady is unconscious at Byul Sauna in Hongwon 1-dong. Officers in the area, please respond. Code one, code one. A 70-year-old old lady at Byul Sauna-- Patrol 23 responding to the old lady at Byul Sauna. Last call. Each project requires a different type of wood. What will you be using it for? I'm making a gun. Code zero. Hit-and-run vehicle is fleeing the scene. -Can't we get a break around here? -Code zero. Hit-and-run vehicle... No wonder Chief Ki is sick. If he's out of commission, who will take over? Captain Eun? You can't do it, right? I don't want Captain Eun to be interim assistant chief. He's a snob and will be tough on our grades. Is that all you can worry about at this moment, you cold-hearted jerk? From where I stand, it's a big deal. I'm being realistic. Jeez, you sure are realistic. Sang-su. they say you can survive being in a lion's den, if you keep your cool. If you're selfish enough to think of yourself regardless of the situation, you'll surely have a great career as a police officer. Yang-chon must have taught you well. Do you get private lessons? Sir, I'm sorry! I didn't mean it like that. I'm truly sorry. Why are you in the women's restroom? The chief, captain, and lieutenants are holding at a meeting. We're waiting here since the men's rest area and cafeteria are occupied by Team Two. So what's up with you two? Right, you broke up. I knew that. This is a colossal mess. Min-seok lives in a rental apartment and pays 500,000 won for rent. He's also taking care of his mom who's suffering from cancer. Where would he get 50 million won? Does his fiancee know? No. He's afraid that she'll call off the wedding if she finds out. Let's reveal everything in court. Just look at this. Anyone can see it's self-inflicted. Everyone here knows that. But how will we prove that it was self-inflicted? A doctor's hands are tied if a patient cries in pain. Besides, it's a fact that Min-seok shoved this man. He had a reason to do so. He hit another civilian, so-- Does Internal Affairs care about such circumstances? All they care about is the manual. They'll ask why he pushed a civilian. They'll only look at that one fact and hound Min-seok about it. That's their job. So, what are you thinking? -Let's go and kneel. -Let's go and kneel. What? We, cops, should kneel? It's not fair, but we need to settle. That's my conclusion. It'll get complicated if Min-seok's charged. Settle it. We have to make the prosecutor suspend the indictment. If this goes to court and Min-seok gets probation, he'll have to leave the force. Even if this happened while he was on duty, if he's charged in civil and criminal courts, Min-seok will have to find a lawyer and prove his innocence all on his own. He could get a suspended sentence. Even if his sentence is suspended, Internal Affairs and prosecutors will grill him. Dealing with all that will kill Min-seok before anything happens. Something similar happened to another cop who was investigated and sued. He felt so insulted that he killed himself. A trial's too much. Do as I say. This is so upsetting. From our division, I'm one of the guys who is older than the plaintiff so I'll-- You stay out of it. You want to get involved in everything. He's right. You're our leader. Stay out of this one. So Sam-bo, Gyeong-mo and me. We'll meet the plaintiff and kneel and beg. Let's get him to settle for a lower amount. Once we reach a figure, we can all pitch in. Let's get the officers from Min-seok's year to chip in too. Yes, let's do that. All we have are our fellow officers. That's it, then. This issue has been dealt with. Now let's talk about you, Boss. What are you doing to us? Gyeong-mo. How could you make us find out you're sick over the radio? Does that make sense? Okay. About my condition. Neither the doctor nor I are sure of anything. My doctor said there are many tumors, but they're a mix of benign and malignant. It could be stage one or stage three. He can't say for sure right now. He has to open me up to find out. So I suggested he do that. The surgery is before noon the day after tomorrow. I'll be admitted this afternoon. I couldn't tell any of you for only one reason. It was because I felt sorry for the one who'd have to fill in. Eun Gyeong-mo. That would be you. Sam-bo. You should go and see Hye-ri. Go home and get some sleep first. Go on. I know how you feel. Pray that my surgery goes well. I'll visit you. Yang-chon, you fool, Gyeong-mo-- I won't be disobedient. I'll serve him as I did you. Just focus on your surgery. Go. Don't leave Jang-mi on her own on a day like this. You know that cancer is nothing these days, right? You'd better beat it. I will. Ki Han-sol has colorectal cancer. He doesn't know if it's stage one or three. They need to open up and see. Don't bug him with your well wishes. -Just go home. -Sir. Shut your mouth. None of you say anything. Don't say a thing to me at all. Should we see the chief? No, let's listen to the captain. Let's go home. Okay, let's go. They cure most cancers these days, right? Yes, they do. Hey, where are you? What worries you the most? Well... My weak wife. My newlywed daughter. Will I be able to return to work? Things like that. As of this moment, be selfish. Put yourself first at all times. You got cancer for working your butt off your whole life. Why are you worrying about others? You need to survive to care for your wife and daughter. Without you, how could your wife, daughter and we exist? Don't worry about anyone else. Starting right now, your health, your recovery. That's all you should care about. After the surgery, even if it's stage one, don't you dare think about coming back to Hongil Patrol Division. The police corporal position at Bomun Station. Make sure you're the one who ends up going. Not him. Answer me. Okay. You promised. -Now Ki Han-sol will-- -Fine, I'll be selfish. I'll put myself first. I will survive. I'll live, not die. Forget about my wife, daughter, loyal officers. I'll think of myself first. I hope the surgery goes well. Thanks. You fool. We aren't strangers. WIFE WIFE Goodness, it's my wife. Our daughter must've told you. Gosh, don't cry. I'll be fine after the surgery. You see, this is exactly why I couldn't tell you. This is why I've kept it from you. Enough already. I'm not dying, okay? Stop crying already. I told you to stop crying. Dad, are you back for good? No. You're so annoying. Just move back already. You brat. Aren't you happier without my nagging? You're just saying that, right? I'm so annoyed. What's annoying you? You'd better not tell me to work hard from now on. -What? -Aren't I right? What good comes out of working hard? Look at you and Mom. Let's be honest. You two are probably the most honest cops, but the force reprimanded you severely instead of rewarding you. It's so crazy. "Reprimanded"? Haven't you heard? Ask Mom about it, then. Why did you call? What's up? Why aren't you saying anything? You called me. We heard that the police didn't look into the case immediately after receiving a call about it. Why did it happen? You must be watching the news about me. That's so annoying. Why are they showing that over and over? -Don't watch it. -The chief just said that he'll severely reprimand who was in charge. Captain, what's your thought on it? Father, I'm not trying to give you an excuse. -I really didn't do anything wrong. -The police failed to... I already know that. You'd never do anything wrong. You always do a good job no matter what. I'm okay. I won't be discouraged by this. I'm a little upset, but I'll be fine soon. Everyone in the country is enraged by... You probably called to console me, but you don't know what to say, right? Since you've never done it before. -You're right. -The police's abuse of power... Just the fact that you called is enough. Thanks. You made me feel better. Yang-chon is here. I'll pass the phone to him. Dad, I can't come home. I'll get some sleep here and-- There's nothing here but this old man. Why would you even come here? Just live there. A complaint has been submitted. The police and the prosecution are currently locking horns with each other over investigative powers surrounding... Those bastards. Why are you drinking? I'm off today, but don't you have to work? They told me to take a break. -I've been suspended. -You got suspended, not a pay cut? They obviously can't stand me. They want me to get lost. All of my achievements so far... went down the drain. That means I'll never get a medal until I retire no matter how hard I work from now on. Until the day I retire, I'll have to live with the disgrace that I was reprimanded severely. Both of us have been reprimanded harshly. Don't you think it's funny? People who don't know us will assume that we're traitors who betrayed our country. There's no guarantee that this will never happen again if I transfer to another station, and it'll be hard to adjust. Shall I just leave the force? I joined the force without any sense of duty just to earn a living, so I think I can quit. Should we both quit? I'm sure we'll be able to earn a living somehow. Even if I work in construction, I'm confident that I can support our family. That makes me feel safe. I'm sleepy all of a sudden. I didn't get any sleep because I was so furious all night. Get some sleep. I need to change the sheets too. I haven't changed my sheets for two weeks because I've been so busy. I'll do it for you. You should get some sleep too. You worked all night. I'll sleep in the living room. Just sleep here. Sleep beside me, you fool. Let me put this in the hamper first. What time is it now? Around 3 p.m. Our sleep schedule is all over the place. It's like we travel to the US and have to adjust to a new time zone every week. I still can't get used to it. My head hurts even when I sleep. I'm hungry. Go to your place and eat something. Jeong-o, Mom's here. Those two sleep together all the time. Quite often at that. You should grab some coffee at my place. They must be tired, let's let them sleep. You didn't have to bring her all this food. I take good care of her. -But-- -Come on. Let's go. RICE CAKE MILL Hye-ri? What are you doing here? Finish your coffee, so we can leave. This is what I think. If you were my daughter, I'd have you quit the force. I didn't come here to persuade you to stay on the job. Quit if it's that hard on you. It doesn't make you a loser. Why would you choose to look at corpses and fight nasty criminals for a living? You're young, and there are many things for you to do in this world. Don't let your pride force you to do a scary job. It's not right. You don't have to do it. Really. Think about it for a few more days. I'll get going. You're hilarious, you know that? I'm your colleague, not your daughter. This is why I hate you so much. You don't treat me as your equal. When a colleague is in distress, you should say, "Endure it. Overcome it. and I trust you." That's what you should say. How can you tell me to quit? I'm going to overcome any hurdle regardless of how hard it is. I will be just like you and stay composed when facing a corpse. I will calmly help those alive and in need. I will be a better police officer than Senior Officer Choi and Lieutenant Oh. Just wait and see how good of an officer I become. That brat. She sure is stubborn. My goodness. How did your father hurt his hand? It's a secret. So when exactly do you retire? Next Friday. Once I leave, Nam-il will take you under his wings for a while. They can't assign anyone new to our division right now. Are you happy to now roll with younger officers? Of course I am. RICE CAKE MILL MIN SU-MAN, MALE, 64 YEARS OLD Han-sol... Su-man. Your son must have stepped out. I'm sorry. I know it's hard to talk, so don't speak. I just... I just came to see how you were. You're good now. I'm glad you're alive. When is your surgery? Tomorrow afternoon. Gamma Intersection. A 50-year-old male pedestrian -collided with a motorcycle. -Patrol 12 responding. A 30-year-old male was reported of dine and dash. Patrol 15 responding. Last call. Patrol 15 responding. Last call. I can't tolerate this. Police officers commit suicide more than any other civil employee, and their average lifespan is about 63 years. I didn't understand it even while being on the job myself. But now that I've been burned by my own people, I can understand how those statistics came to be. Enemies of police officers aren't annoying civilian complaints. It's our country that spits us out after using us. I get it now. Captain An, you have never been a disgrace to the force. Do you ever regret becoming a cop? No. Who else gets to personally save civilians except us and firemen? I admire your simplicity. Me and you. We... We're outstanding officers. We have saved countless lives and have been honorable. We're the best cop couple there is. This country and this world need us. Also, the chief and section chief are sons of bitches, sleazeballs, dirtbags, and are less than cockroaches and animals. They have no honor at all. They're rats who suck on taxpayer´s precious money. When did you become a rapper? I'll keep going. Those bastards are slimeballs. Eating those scumbags alive won't ease our anger. Eating those scumbags alive won't ease our anger. Stop it. You're tickling me. How dare they... Those bastards have some nerve suspending you. Shitheads. What a load of fuckers. -They're disgusting like snot. -Stop it. You're tickling me! Taking you in my arms while calling you Captain An made it seem like an affair. -We sleep together during the day, and-- -Stop it already. You got a text! To me, the most inspiring officer is not Lieutenant Oh. To me, it will always be you. Hang in there. I have nothing but respect and love for you. This isn't fair! This isn't fair. How could those bastards do this to me? How could they? Apologize. How could you say that to your daughter? How am I sleeping around? Don't you see why I said that? Why would you sleep with a man? And on his arm too? I moved in my sleep and-- Your mistake was sleeping next to him in the first place. Sang-su's mom said to me outright that she'd love you to be her daughter-in-law. Sang-su grins and says he likes you a lot, and you just sleep with him. Anyway, whatever the case, I will never let you get married. You have to live with me forever. What is this, Misery? Why should I live with you forever? I want to get married and have two or three kids. I don't want to hear that. You said last time that cops can go abroad too. You can get transferred abroad. Apply for that. Move abroad! Mom. Stay the night. Don't go home in the dark. If I spend the night here, what about the cafe? Come home more often. You're killing me, you know that? Take care. Call me when you're on the bus. It looks like your mom left. Did she? Why did you cause this fuss by saying you like me? My mom thinks we slept together. If we were dating and we'd kissed, then I wouldn't feel this bad. You're crazy. You lost your mind. You said you wouldn't feel bad if we kissed. I don't want you to feel bad. You lost your mind, didn't you? How dare you do that to me? What is wrong with you? Hey, let go of me. Let me go. Jeong-o. I got dumped a lot of times in the past. If you keep on saying you don't like me, even as a joke, I might take it seriously and feel really bad. I like you a lot. Don't you like me? Does kissing me gross you out? People say that they like playing hard to get, but I'm not good at that. My saying I like you. Does it bother you? Tell me. Should I stop liking you? Then I'll stop. Damn it. As soon as we go inside, let's not say much. We'll walk right in there and start begging. We'll go on our knees and put our pride aside. We'll beg like we never begged before. Ask for his forgiveness. Let's get the amount down as much as possible. Why are we even here right before our shift because of this bastard? Hey. Why would you call him a bastard? You stay here then. He can't do that. He's standing in for Han-sol. We need him so we have something to show for. Hold back. Sorry about this. It's not about you. It's about the scumbag. I'm here too. -You shouldn't have come. -Leave. The others wanted to come too, but we told them not to, because this situation is embarrassing. Why are you here? He should back up his partner. I'm glad you came. Right. You should be here. I guess you should be here after all. Let's go. I'll say it again. As soon as we get in there, we beg. Not because we did something wrong but for Min-seok. Don't get riled up. Control your tempers and-- Are you crazy? Stop repeating yourself. We knelt before our wives many times. Do you think he ever had to go down on his knees before? This is his first time. He's flustered, that's all. Let's go. We'll kneel and... Why are you all here? You jerks. You violent police bastards. Hey. Hit me again. Go on. Hit me again, you jerk. Hey. I bet you get paid a lot. Your salary comes out of the tax I pay, okay? I pay a lot of taxes, you know? I apologize, sir. I don't know what else to say. I apologize, sir. I'm sorry. Think of this as saving a man's life. Please forgive him, sir. Are you cops? Tell me. What cops beat civilians up? What if I never get to use my right arm again? Tell me, you assholes. Tell me, you stupid pigs! Sir, I apologize. Sorry, sir. Please show us some mercy this one time. I'm sorry, sir. First you hit me and now you kneel and beg? Why? Are you scared that you'll lose your badge? Are you? Huh? Damn it. Honey. Good luck in there. Thanks. I'll hang in there. Dad. Be strong. Thanks. It'll be another one or two hours. None of us could make it because we're all on duty. He told me that he scheduled his surgery for today on purpose. Ma'am, I'm sure he'll be fine. Be strong. Cheer up. -Hang in there. -Be strong. -I will. -Call me when he comes out. I'd like to hear the results. Take care. I'll pay three million. Nice. -Thank you. -That's gross. Two million from me. And me. -What? -Why two million? -Just give one. -Yes. -Even half a million's fine. -Right. Give half a million. You retire soon. You're all fools. Yes, I retire soon. Can't I give that much to help Min-seok? Huh? Are you disregarding me? God damn. I get that you want to help, but it's still too much. You're inspiring, Sam-bo. To lower the settlement, four middle-aged men... knelt and bowed down to another man. Damn it. That piece of shit. Damn! So how much have we raised so far? Coming up with the full 40 million won will be a problem. Recently in Daegu, a young rookie officer suddenly died on his way home. It wasn't deemed as a death on the job, so they're raising money for his family. When ordering us around, they entice us by saying we serve the people and are judges of the streets. But when we die or get injured, they discard us like worn-out shoes. I asked our colleagues to raise ten million won, but it came short at 6.2 million won. What do we do? It's not enough. Team Two, Three, and Four are raising money via social media. Sang-su, Jeong-o, Hye-ri will see how much we got. But there wasn't enough time. I don't think we'll meet the deadline. We'll hang in there and do what we can. I should've pitched in a million won too. I'm sorry I only handed in half. I'm sorry for dragging you through this. -Don't say that. -Please don't be sorry. It's all right, so don't say that. Hang in there, all right? Go back to work. It'll all be all right. Team Two, Three, and Four raised 8.1 million won. Some of the officers think Min-seok is to blame. Well, they're entitled to their opinions. Like Chief Ki said, we notified the teams that the rookies won't have to pay, but we're all willing to pitch in, sir. We still have a long way to go. We still have time, so keep the account open. We can do this. Why did Seung-jae ask for the day off today? -It's what really happened. -Really? Old police officers knelt before me in a line and asked humbly for my forgiveness. It must've been quite hilarious! -I can't believe I missed it. -You should've come sooner. Wait. Hold on a second. Can't you really move your arm? Of course I can't. See for yourself. Look. I can't move it at all. -Has he been fooled all his life? -Stop bragging. -Put your arm around me too. -Don't brag. What's there to brag? I drove this car for 20 years. Who are you to say it should be scrapped? Then find another mechanic because it can't be fixed. What a pain in the ass. -What do you think you're doing? -Let go of me! A man has been assaulted. Some crazy bastard... He attacked a man with a monkey spanner. Damn it. Send help. Please. Emergency alert. Emergency alert. Attention, all patrol officers of Hongil Division. Emergency alert. Emergency alert. Attention, all patrol officers of Hongil Division. Chief Ki is out of a four-hour surgery. He has been diagnosed with stage one colon cancer. I repeat. Emergency alert. Emergency alert. Attention, all patrol officers of Hongil Division. Chief Ki is out of a four-hour surgery. He has been diagnosed with stage one colon cancer. I repeat. Emergency alert. Emergency alert. Attention, all patrol officers of Hongil Division. Chief Ki is out of a four-hour surgery. He has been diagnosed with stage one colon cancer. The cancer hasn't spread and is in its early stages. Han-sol will live! It's stage one cancer, so chemotherapy isn't needed. This is all due to the ardent wishes of our officers. -The mountain and rivers of Korea -The mountain and rivers of Korea How was my briefing? -Did you like it? -Yes. Call Captain Kang for me. Tell him to take the job at Bomun. Right. Also, tell him that I'm canceling my transfer requisition. Why would you give up such a good opportunity? You should go. Is he asleep? Unbelievable. Code zero, code zero. At Myeongil Auto Shop, a rugged man in red sweatpants and a navy-blue shirt assaulted the owner by striking him on the head with a monkey spanner. He ran from the scene in an older gray sedan with the plates 8729, which is assumed to be his car, towards Myeongu Patrol Division. Patrol cars in the area, please respond. Welcome. Sir. What do you think you're doing? You son of a bitch. Code zero. From Myeongil Auto Shop at 48 Jeongmyeong-dong, a rugged man in red sweatpants and a navy-blue shirt He ran from the scene in an older gray sedan with the plates 8729, which is assumed to be his car, towards Myeongu Patrol Division. Patrol cars in the area, please respond. Patrol cars in the area, please respond. Code zero. From Myeongil Auto Shop at 48 Jeongmyeong-dong, a rugged man in red sweatpants and a navy-blue shirt He ran from the scene in an older gray sedan with the plates 8729, which is believed to be his car, towards Myeongu Patrol Division. Patrol cars in the area, please respond. Patrol cars in the area, please respond. Sir. Who, may I ask, is calling? There's no need to thank me. It was Chief Ki's decision. Please accept the job as police corporal at Bomun. I also wish you luck on your chemotherapy. Sure. Good day, sir. I don't get why Chief Ki would give up this opportunity. Code zero. Code zero. The suspect in his 40s -of the Myeongil Auto Shop Case -What now? assaulted the clerk at a convenience store on Hongan-daero 3-gil. He's headed to Mahyeon Gym at the three-way intersection. Patrol cars in the area, please respond. He drives an older gray sedan with the plates 8729. He drives an older gray sedan with the plates 8729. The case of fleeing after assault of the owner of Myeongil Auto Shop and the clerk at Stop Convenience Store. Patrol 18 responding. Last call. Heading to a three-way intersection near Mahyeon Gym. Patrol 21 will aid Patrol 18. Last call. Heading to the intersection near Mahyeon Gym. Patrol 23 will aid Patrol 18. Last call. Patrol 23 will aid Patrol 18. Last call. Heading to the intersection near Mahyeon Gym. Sir, it's good news. You can take the job at Bomun now. You're right. It's only been a month since you transferred here from the police squad. It's tough work, so look out for yourself. Hold on. It's that sedan. It has the plates 8729. It's him. Stop him! Damn it! -What happened? -My goodness. Is someone injured? -I think someone's inside. -Oh, my goodness. Patrol 31, 31. We're at the intersection near Mahyeon Gym. We have the suspect in the Myeongil Auto Shop assault case. We found the older gray sedan. Patrol cars in the vicinity, please report. -What are the cops going to do? -My gosh. -Is he getting off? -Patrol cars nearby, -What's going on? -please report. Sang-su, duck! Thank you. I don't know if I can handle these cases that happen nonstop. Come here. You're so dead. "I'm so glad I didn't die." I keep having such selfish thoughts. I do like you, but not enough to give up working abroad. Subtitle translation by Hye-lim Park 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 