Live: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Live 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Live (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 Everyday is filled with problems for the officers at Hongil from difficult cases to personal family matters. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 CHARACTERS AND PLACES ASSOCIATED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTIONAL Did you follow me home? -Are you nuts? -Why do you keep changing your words? Why? You told me to do everything by the book, but then reprimanded me for being too by the book. Even today, the victim's life comes before the evidence. He could've died if we preserved the scene! Are you challenging me? What a nutjob. I'll be cut from the force anyway. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I have nothing to lose. Mr. Oh Yang-chon. What's next? What comes after Mr. Oh Yang-chon? You grabbed me by my shirt. What will you do next? Next... You didn't think about it, right? You called my name and grabbed my shirt, but you didn't think further, right? You idiot. You're so reckless. You just do things in a blind fury. What will you do next? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Are you going to beat up a fellow cop? You scumbag! You remind me of a hairtail fish. All you are is long. You idiot. Maybe I should just fry you up and eat you. I can't believe you're my partner. Answer me before you leave. You should answer all my questions. I've got nothing to lose now. Why are you walking around in the middle of the night? Take a cab if there's no bus. Did you walk for three hours from the hospital to here? Don't you have cab fare? Doesn't Jang-mi give you money? I'm talking to you. Why aren't you answering me? Why are you still standing there? Go home! Are you still unaware of why you got such a low score? Is that it? Huh? Yes. Last Monday. Also, two weeks ago on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Saturday. You were late for roll call by 5, 3, 7, and 4 minutes. Right? I wasn't late for work, but-- Would it kill you to clean up the bathroom after roll call? Who would do you harm? And when you caught the congressmen-- I did as you said and followed the DUI checkpoint manual. The congressmen refused to take the sobriety test, so-- So until then your score wasn't good nor bad, it was average. You did a good job and took care of things by the book. But what did you say to me after arresting the congressmen? You said you were sorry. Are you stupid? You don't even know if you did something right or wrong. You just say you're sorry without a sense of duty. So you, who doesn't know his ass from his elbow, went from average back to poor. Do you understand now? He just says what he wants to say. I asked what was wrong with saving someone before the evidence, but why didn't he answer me? I bet he has nothing to say. Because I'm right. What an asshole. Tell me. Did you walk to and from the hospital every day? Why did you buy hairtail? I remembered your mom used to like it, so when I saw it, I bought some. Since when did you care about... You shouldn't have beat her up back then. Hey, what are you doing? Can I stay the night? The last bus already left, and there are no cabs in the area. It's too far to walk downtown, and it's cold. Are we friends? We're not, but still. It's too cold. Let me stay just one night. I'm Lieutenant Oh Yang-chon's subordinate, Yeom Sang-su. Please let me stay for one night. I can't get a ride home. No matter how much I think about it, that kid is out of his mind. I've never seen a crazy jerk like him before. What a nutjob. This is so annoying. Every day it's the same shit. What the hell? All day I deal with drunk people and give out parking tickets, and now I'm cleaning after the drunk people after hours. Nothing's working out. Just mop it up and finish it off with a dry rag. If a drunk person slips on the wet floor while doing their business, you'll get your wish, and we'll have a big accident. I can take care of it. Do you think I can't even clean up right? What are you looking at? You think you're the only smart one. Imagine if you had to deal with an old mentor and drunk teenagers all day. Hey, if a domestic violence or disturbance case is reported, don't take the call before me, you bitch. Loyalty is about sharing big cases or cases we can learn from. You just can't take them all. I'll apply for the Violent Crime Unit after the probationary period. You only care about making good records. You're such a disloyal bitch. You can have the gift certificate I got for working on the homicide case. What's your problem? A person died. She didn't just die. She got stabbed all over her body. There was blood all over her place, and her body was covered in blood. Do you really want to see that? Do you envy me that much because I saw that? Dad! Dad... Dad... Dad! I've never seen anyone bleeding that much in my life. I know we learned at the academy that such things happen around us all the time, but I thought they were just scaring us. I had no idea that I'd get to witness it right before my eyes. Does such a brutal case only appeal to you as a means to get more points and a better review? You'd better not talk about performance or reviews in regard to a case where someone got hurt or killed ever again. If you do, you'll get to see how nasty and mean I can be, you bitch. EPISODE 5 Hey, Jeong-o! Let's go home. We provide services to remove keepsakes left by the deceased. Don't worry. What if I see a ghost? Will you get rid of it for me? My dad will wake up. Just leave it on. What's the point of living if you're going to die? Take this. AWARD FOR ACHIEVEMENT You've received an award. I've received more than one. My favorite part of the police charter is the line about how it's the police's duty to protect the life and property of every citizen. What kind of nonsense will you spew this time? Why are you talking about the charter in the middle of the night? About what happened today, I prioritized life over evidence. What's wrong with that? How can evidence come before life? Do you think it's right? No one complimented me even though I saved someone's life, and you're not even talking to me. The captain of the forensics team even hit you. I deserved that slap in the face. We must move with a partner in emergencies, but I ignored that rule. I was like, "You do whatever you want. I'll do the same." No matter how stupid your partner seems, a partner is still a partner. It was my fault for ignoring you. Had you called me when you heard the victim moaning in pain in the restroom... Had I ordered you to do so, you would've saved a life, and I would've gotten the evidence. We would've killed two birds with one stone and finished everything exactly according to the manual. Don't you think so? You're right. There's no such thing as a stupid mentee. We should always blame their dumb mentors who didn't teach them right. Hence, everything that happened today is my fault, your dumb mentor. But now that we're a team... Are we going to be okay? I think I'm in deep shit. I feel the same way. You little... Why are you laughing? By the way, I heard you were married. But why do you live with your father, not your family? I knew you'd be here. Why do you look so upset? Did something happen? Hey, I actually... Don't go to the hospital today. Your legs hurt, right? No, they're fine. Then why do you have pain relief patches all over your body? Why do you have to walk for five to six hours to the hospital and back every single day? It's so bad for your knees. She'd never do that. Take a taxi or the bus if you want to go to the hospital today. Okay? Okay? Really? You really didn't see anything? Gosh, seriously. Don't go to the hospital today, okay? If you can't walk because your knees get all messed up, Jang-mi and I'll have to suffer while taking care of you! Since when were you so good to Mom? Do you know why I became a cop? To lock up men like you who beat up other people. You used to beat her up while drunk. What's the point of being good to her now when she's going to die soon? What's the point of buying hairtail fish? I told you not to buy the farm. Why did you buy it? If you hadn't, she wouldn't have collapsed while picking weeds in the sun! What kind of man talks so much in front of the dining table? You're so full of shit. Goodbye! I'm sorry I'm late. There were too many people at the doctor's. You should go. Next time, come on your day off, not on a day you work. If you did a good job, I wouldn't come. I'm exhausted from working, but I come here from Seoul. Also, clean the kitchen whenever you can. It's always a mess. I come here after a long day's work, and I have to work again. It's exhausting. Just quit if it's that exhausting. Why are you bragging anyway? What's so exhausting about a job so many people do? Even your sick mother is working. So if you're exhausted, just quit already! What if I quit because it's exhausting? Can you pay back the loan for the coffee shop? A job like everyone else's? Aside from cops, who else sees dead people? Do you have any idea how grueling that is? She always seems irritated these days. It's not like she earns a lot anyway. It's not my place to speak, -but your father-- -Don't speak if it's not your place. You are too harsh on your father. Stay out of it and be good to your own father. I don't have a father to treat well. He passed away. How did he pass away? He would still be young if he were alive. It was a hit-and-run. The killer was caught, and it was a cop. Funny, right? Is that true? I'm asking because I'm worried. Did you join the force to get back at the police? Why are you breathing so heavily? Do you have asthma? You should rest. I'll rest when I want to. Talk about useless pride. I really hate him. Yang-chon, did you know five years ago, Lieutenant Lee said he wanted to go to the Violent Crime Unit. I told him not to because he was too old. I know that's why he's like that. You and Han-sol are ridiculous too. Hongil Division is notorious for being one of the most difficult divisions around, so why would you accept him? You should've sent him to the quiet countryside. What if that old man breaks a few bones or gets hurt? Will you take responsibility for that? Why would I have to do that? He's more than equipped to take care of himself. Isn't that right? Has my old age ever got in the way of you or this division? Do you think you'll stay young forever? Come on. You were my first mentor. I'm just worried about you, and I want you to stay safe. Stay out of my life. I couldn't care less about your good intentions. Lieutenant Lee isn't doing great. He's retiring soon, and his son divorced recently. Those who retire are said to be just as stressed as those with cancer. Try to understand. This taser gun, when used according to the manual, will ensure the safety of the people and the police in the safest way possible. The safest parts of the body to use the taser gun are... You must refrain from shooting the taser gun at the heart, head, face, and genitals. Shoot towards the arms and legs. Repeat! "You must refrain from shooting the taser gun at the heart, head, face, and genitals. Shoot towards the arms and legs." The range of this taser gun -is 6.5m. -Are you still mad at me? Do I look like I have to time to focus on you? Be aware of the range at all times. In order to use the taser gun properly, the most important thing is target practice. How can we practice often? We're tired as it is. -Practice with a BB gun at home then. -Pop, pop. Stop it! Sorry. Regardless of whether we're exhausted, or we need to travel far to practice because there aren't any shooting ranges near us, -if there's an accident-- -Whether we were after a culprit or on the job, our country won't protect us. It's all on us. So stop complaining, cut back on sleeping, and spend your money to practice at the shooting range. Got it? -Yes, sir! -Yes, sir! Your superiors are right. Our country won't look out for us. We must protect ourselves. So stay focused and use the taser with care. -Yes, sir! -Yes, sir! Lastly... The taser must not be used on pregnant women or children under 14. Repeat! "Don't use a taser gun on a pregnant woman or children under 14." HONGIL PATROL DIVISION How can we help you? Ma'am! What brings you here? Please have a seat. My gosh! You haven't been acknowledged us even if we bump into each other, so I thought you had forgotten about us. So what brings you here? No reason. I just wanted to see you. Goodness. Ma'am! You shouldn't have. I bet it was expensive. Who are you? It's only for you. Ma'am, it's Lieutenant Lee Sam-bo. Don't you remember me? We said hi on the streets a few days ago. It's Sam-bo. About 20 years ago, Han-sol and I carried Han-soon. Nothing happened to my Han-soon. Nothing bad happened to her. Who are you to speak of my Han-soon? You jerk. Ma'am? Ma'am. Ma'am! What's going on? Who is she? Oh, her. About 20 years ago, when Han-sol and I were here, there was a case where a stepfather sexually assaulted his stepdaughter. The mother witnessed it, and the two of them drank cleaning bleach. The landlord called, and we went over. The lady you just saw was the mom. Oh, my goodness. Why doesn't she recognize me? Obang Junction, Sungwon-gil 27. A mother in her 30s has collapsed at Speed Internet Cafe. The child is alone. Obang Junction, Sungwon-gil 27. A mother in her 30s has collapsed at Speed Internet Cafe. The child is alone. Patrol 18, Patrol 18 on the case. Who called it in, Officer Song? The report was made by the 22-year-old part-timer. Her name is Kim Yeong-nam. The mother, who is in her 30s, suddenly collapsed while using a computer, leaving the child alone. Women & Juvenile Affairs and the EMTs were both alerted. Is it tasty? Give me one. It's so tasty. ANGEL JU-YEON, LEVEL 39 Captain An. Lieutenant Oh Yang-chon wants to see you outside. Stay close to the child. Take photos of everything here, both as a whole and close up. Yes, ma'am. You can have it. BAREUN PHARMACY PRESCRIPTION, CHO HYE-EUN Thank you for your cooperation. I sent you everything I got from the part-timer. The woman practically lived here for almost ten months. She lives in the study room behind this building. She has depression. The bag was full of pills. She filled the prescription and didn't take any. Where did she get the money to live on? I saw her prescription, and it cost her 500 won. She's on welfare. I checked the kid as soon as I arrived. He has severe atopy. He didn't get abused by his mom, but... He wants to pee. The problem is, he wasn't treated and was neglected for a long time. The mom named her online character Ju-yeon, after the kid. She abandoned him in reality and cared for him online. That's escapism. Neglect is abuse too. -Neglect is abuse. -Mister, I finished peeing. Let's wash your hands. We must send the kid to a facility. I called one. Someone should be here soon. So, how long are we going to do this? It's awkward and annoying. Let's end the awkward and annoying bit. Let's get divorced. How can you say that outside the bathroom of a crime scene? Fine. Let's meet when I'm off duty. Let's meet and... Fine, we'll get divorced or... Damn... -We can go on living separately-- -The officer from the facility is here. Go to the study room and pack what the mom and child might need. Hi, this is An Jang-mi. Yes. Come into the Internet cafe. I'll call when I'm off duty. Let's spend a long time together. Let's eat and have tea. The officer from the facility-- Is almost here. I heard from the bathroom. Did you hear my wife ask me for a divorce too? Gosh. She collected her medication instead of taking them. It's so annoying. In the end, the law will probably let her off with probation. Then the kid will continue being neglected. How is neglect different from violence? Our country sucks. It's only great for the adults. What mom neglects her kid to play games? What kind of a bitch does that? If she can't raise him, send him to an orphanage. Don't talk. Your voice is getting into the video. What was that? Did you say she should send her kid to an orphanage? Whether the parents are good or bad, living with them is better than being at an-- Would a kid who barely gets to eat feel the same? What's up with him? What's this? She kept her sleeping pills separately. If we were late, this could've been really bad. Hello. The passenger isn't wearing her seatbelt, and you watched TV as you were driving. I forgot. Could you let us off this once? Please show me your ID. -You didn't have your seatbelt on? -I didn't realize. I forgot. We'll be on standby here today. A team requested assistance with a drunk at a-- Are you in charge? Today, we will be on standby here. This is work too. Murder and violence crimes isn't the only kind of work. This is being productive too. Did you see them? See? They're going to take care of the convenience store drunk. He has a few screws loose. He keeps staring at his phone. He asked to go to Dohwa 1-dong's Community Center, so I took him there. But he wouldn't get out, nor would he pay me. Then he suddenly cursed and even spit at me. Sir, get out of the taxi. You didn't pay your fare, and you refuse to get out. If you don't cooperate, I'll have to drag you out. Hello? Sir? I'll give you five seconds. Did you see that? I'll count to five. One, two, three, four. Stop counting. Let's go to the bathroom, sir. Get out. Your pants are wet, and it's cold. You'll catch a cold. Let's get you changed, and go someplace warm. It's cold here. Come along. Come along. It's cold. Let's go. It's so cold. He's mentally disabled. Consider this your good deed for the day, and wash your car with this. When you receive a call, calmly assess the situation first. How can a cop lose her temper right off the bat? Couldn't you tell that he wasn't normal? His phone was around his neck, his shoes were mismatched and he couldn't understand us. He was drooling too. He's obviously not normal. We shouldn't use the term "not normal". We are able-bodied, and he has disabilities. Those are the correct terms to use. How ignorant. Geez, at least she knows something. Dad, you're up? It's only 5 a.m. I have a busy day ahead with a lot of orders. Look at you. You're wearing your uniform. Yes. Dad, let me introduce you to my colleagues. This tall guy here lives downstairs from me. This girl here is my roommate. She can be a little standoffish. Dad, what's Mom doing now? And what about Tae-yang and Hye-min? They're still asleep. I have to work now. Let's talk later. Yes, sir. Why didn't you say hello to my dad? I wasn't in the mood to say hello to your dad. I didn't have dinner, my mentor made me park the patrol car so he could sleep, and we have a ton of cases. All I do is issue tickets for traffic violations. My mom, who has a panic disorder, is ignoring my calls because she's mad. Seeing the homicide scene must've been traumatizing. I've also seen a person covered in blood, so I know how traumatizing it can be. My dad is disabled. He lost a hand. I saw it happening. I'm sorry I said you're calculating and obnoxious. See you in two days. How are you feeling? -I'm just... -Just what? Tell me. To be honest, I think you'll scold me when you hear it because you're so competent and you have varied experience such as the Violent Crime Unit. But being a cop is scary. Today, I issued traffic tickets all day long. I complained to Sergeant Kang and asked why we didn't report to a case, but frankly, I had a relaxing day. Aren't I a total slacker? No. To tell you the truth, homicide cases scare me as well. I'm sure that's how all cops feel even though no one says it. Aren't I right? Chief and Captain, isn't being a cop scary at times? No, I'm not scared. Why? Are you scared, Jeong-o? The solution is simple. Just quit. How can you be a cop when you're scared? -Just go home and watch the kids. -Goodness. He can be a jerk. That's just how he is. She needs some real consolation because of the homicide case from the other day. What Captain Eun said isn't wrong. How can we call ourselves police officers if we're scared of working on cases? Can I eat that if you don't want it? It's okay. You can be scared. But just remember this. Citizens can avoid things when they're scared, but we, the police, must investigate all cases even if we're scared. Just make a choice. Run away because you're scared, or look into the case even though you're scared. What will you do? I still want to look into cases. It is scary. It sure is. This is hot. Why won't you eat? You worked hard all night. I don't want to. I don't have an appetite. If you don't eat, I won't eat either. All right, I'm sorry. I'll eat. Get up already. Let's eat, okay? I don't want to eat. You said you haven't eaten since your early morning shift. -What if you get sick? -I'm sleepy. Leave me alone. Eat something and go to bed. Don't fall asleep yet. I'll go fix a meal for us. Mom. I cooked instant noodles. Let's eat noodles. Sang-jun! Where did you get this? You don't need to know. Did your friend give it to you again? Yes. You little prick. You took money from your friends again, didn't you? Yes, I did. So what? You punk. I'm going to teach you a serious lesson today. You hit your friends and take money from them every day. Did I teach you to do such bad things? Did I? Then what am I supposed to do? Both Sang-su and I are hungry. After Dad died, you don't cook for us. All you do is drink. You're jobless, and you have no income! Is that your excuse for acting like a punk? Why are you hitting me? Who do you think you are? You have no right to hit us! You don't cook for us, you're jobless, and all you do is drink! I hate you. I'd much rather live in an orphanage. Send me and Sang-su to an orphanage. Send us to an orphanage! Sang-jun! That little jerk... I'm having a hard time too. You thought I wasn't going to eat, right? No, I knew that you were trying to trick me to make me eat. You're such a good son. I raised you so well. I don't like when you touch my head. Don't be so difficult. It's Sang-jun. I talked to him the other day. You talk to him. I'm okay. Hey, Sang-jun. It's been a while. I remember that day, of course. Had a cop like me caught you back then, you'd have ten counts of theft on your record now. Stop making things up. I only did it twice. Only twice, my ass. I clearly remember at least five incidents. That's not true. I was a good kid. You're right. So what's going to happen to that boy from the Internet cafe? I don't know. I know there's nothing I can do, but I can't stop worrying about him. I had you when our mom neglected us, but he's all alone. Children can't live alone. -Pass the ball! -Kick it over! Let's go! Nice pass. We should've gone to a nice restaurant or coffee shop instead of staying home. Let's go out. It's even snowing outside. APPLICATION FOR DIVORCE AND CUSTODY OF CHILDREN Next time, you bring the papers to me. I can't agree to a divorce. Take me to court. Just like the movie, The War of the Roses, we'll make a whole mess of things. You and me. Shit. Not even a judge would understand this. Come on. What did I... What did I do that was so wrong? Did I hit you? Did I cheat on you? Or did I not provide for our family, or was I-- Just because you didn't hit me or cheat on me, and you earned money for this family, doesn't mean that I have to stay miserable. Can't you just let it slide? Why... Why is everything so complicated with you? I love you, and I'm happy. I don't love you, and I'm miserable. I thought that I'd need you desperately at least once in my life. But it turns out that I didn't. I could do everything on my own, without you. When I gave birth, when our kids were sick, when I took care of my parents, who grew ill and collapsed after raising our kids for us, and their funeral. I was able to do all of it alone, without you. Of course, it would've been nice to have you by my side whenever I was scared, terrified, or desperate. However, you were never by my side. Not even once. You son of a bitch. I was working too. Jang-mi. I wasn't fooling around. Still... Still, I'm sorry. I really am. While I was scattering my parents' ashes, I let go of any fondness that I still had for you. I can't live with you anymore. I've been good to you until now, right? If that's the case, the least you can do is give me this divorce. You may have been a crappy husband, but you are a great cop. What happened to Ho-cheol was just an accident. Why would you bring that up? If someone jumped into the ocean, even if he was a drunk, you had to save him because you're a cop. You can't be responsible for a freak accident. Cops are human too. I don't want you to feel guilty about what happened to Ho-cheol. Pass it here! Aren't you cold? Tomorrow, my mom is coming for me. Good for you. I'm glad she's coming. But I don't want to go to the Internet cafe. Do you want it? Chew it 50 times. What? You gave the boy your business card? Geez. Do you think you're Superman? What can you do for him? Are you going to run to him when he calls? Or give him your monthly salary, instead of your mom? What can you do for him? I won't do what I can't and do what I can. I can't stand doing nothing at all. I don't know about this. Hello, Captain An, it's Yeom Sang-su from Hongil Patrol. About the video I sent you of the child... I showed it to her. I suggested she send the kid to a facility and get professional help herself. I even threatened to take her to court. But she'd rather die than give up her son. There's nothing we can do to keep her here, so we let her go. Prosecutors will indict her for child neglect-- What if something goes wrong before then? If the mom's healthy, then the kid's better off with her. But that woman needs help. She's in no condition to raise a kid. He'll have to fend for himself and he's just a kid. -He can do nothing on his own. -Silence. I'll tell you clearly. What you and I must do as a police officer ends as of this moment. The instant this call ends, you should forget about the Internet cafe kid. Do not cling to this case. If not, you won't be able to solve other cases. Hurry up. Hurry up. I need to get out. Hurry, hurry. Come up faster. Hello? Is this the police? Who turns the siren on in an emergency? The perp could get away if he's nearby. Don't you know protocol? Turn the siren off. Turn your hazard lights on. Myeong-ho, where are you? I checked the security footage from nearby. Thanks for your help. We'll go to where the woman disappeared. It's a blind spot, so we can't see anything. We'll arrive at the scene soon. It has only been ten minutes since the call came in. In that time, she couldn't have gotten far. Okay. I see Captain Eun is already here. You're here early. The boys are getting the witness' statement -and knocking on doors. -Is that from multiple people? At a glimpse, I see yellow hair, black hair and curly hair. It looks like illegal prostitution with foreign women. There was blood trickling down the woman's legs. I think a pervert used a horrific item. The woman was afraid of getting arrested for illegal prostitution, so she ran away without reporting it. -Where's Forensics? -They're on their way. If we don't find the victim or perpetrator-- It'll become a long-term investigation. Even if we run the hair samples for DNA, if he doesn't have a record, there's no guarantee we'll catch him. Myeong-ho. Okay. Where to? No, I'd never seen her before. Do you know how many Southeast Asian women live in this apartment block? I don't know. I never saw anyone. Did you? I think I saw someone in the elevator. Which floor did she get off at? I don't remember that. I checked security cameras nearby, and she ran this way. Someone else cleaned up the blood. The security footage shows her holding her phone and contacting someone. The water trail ends in front of unit 816. I'll go alone. We'll stand guard. I'm Captain An Jang-mi from Mahyeon Police Station's Women & Juvenile Affairs. Hongil Patrol Division? Yes, ma'am. I'm Officer Han Jeong-o. How did you find this place? I was going through the list of tenants. In the list, the crime scene, unit 512, and this place, unit 816, were both recorded as company offices. One is called EM, the other is called CM. Although they have different names, the CEO's name was the same. So I came here to check. Someone's inside. How does it look from the outside? There are bars on the windows. That means they can't escape through the window. This is the police. Please open up. We know you're inside. Open up! If you don't open the door, we'll force our way in. Open the door. What's this about? I didn't do anything wrong. I have a passport. What is this about? -What is it? -Please calm down. Don't come in! I'm sorry for the intrusion. Blood was seen being washed off in unit 816. That means the victim took a shower there only a few minutes earlier. Those who took the woman are nearby in our district. Illegal prostitution in our district? Captain An will have her hands full. There's no evidence of solicitation, and the suspect and victim are on the loose. The women had passport, student IDs, and legal documents, so we can't even hold them. I think something is going to happen in our district. Han Jeong-o, you didn't hesitate once today. Weren't you scared? Even though I am, I'll keep doing my job. Don't look too far for a role model. Just be like Captain An. EUN GYEONG-MO Be careful. Han Jeong-o. You grew up well. You really did. Lieutenant Lee, how are things on your end? We got into a car accident on our way to the scene, so we're waiting for tow truck. Stop it already. -How is everything? -Enough already. Please calm down. We're good over here, so take care of yourselves. Let him go. What an asshole. I can't let him get away with this. Sir, please. Just end things here. Those inside took a beating too. I paid for all the damage that asshole caused at the bar, but he didn't even thank me! That son of a bitch! I should beat him up and pay a settlement. Sir, please. Do you think that's appropriate to say in front of the police? Calm down already. I was calming him down, but now I have calm you too? -What's that? -She's a pig, that's what. We came here because it was famous. We shouldn't have come to this crappy neighborhood. -Fuck. How annoying. -Let's just go. Don't drink and drive! Who does he think he is cussing at his elders? How disrespectful. Damn it. The man inside has calmed down now, so I'll head back. I'm tired after pulling a double shift. -Take it easy. -Good job. Good job, sir. We're your backup. I came on foot since the entry was jammed. Sergeant Kang is trying to find another route here. Patrol 21 will take the call. I'm exhausted. Why would you take that call? -Aren't you going home? -It's on the way back. Your job is to make sure the man inside gets home. The owner asked us to do that. Sergeant Kang, where are you? I'm on my way, but the alley is packed with cars. I need to turn back. How is everything? I heard things dialed down. Don't take any action alone. Always be on guard when he's still drunk. Don't let your guard down just because things have settled. Be alert. Yes, sir. I'll be on alert until you arrive. Can you come inside? He keeps asking for more liquor. I'm scared all by myself. Can you stay here while I clean up? I can't believe you. What's your relation... I'm his wife. -Honey, let's go home. -Let go. Sir, now that your wife is here, you should go home. Let's go. Let go of me! For someone so pathetic, I'm surprised you have a wife. What did you just say? -Sir, please. -Honey... Get out of my way! You! Take that! -Stop it. -Move! -No, don't. -Move! Die! Die, you son of a bitch! Die! Get up. Die, you bastard! Die! Oh, my god! What is this? Oh, no! Honey? Honey! Honey? Honey! Honey, wake up! Honey! What did you do? My wife is pregnant! Honey, wake up. Our poor baby... I don't need your worries or consolations. When something happens, no one will be on our side. You did nothing wrong. Protocol didn't come to mind at that moment. In this case, Jeong-o will be investigated. Let's go together. I tried, but I couldn't do it. -You look good. -Can't we rethink this? This is what you hate, isn't it? You're a woman... You'll just lose your job. But I have a wife and a kid. Officer Han, just come clean. You didn't know the protocol, did you? Subtitle translation by Hye-lim Park 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 