Guy's Big Bite: Season 16, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Guy's Big Bite 
 s16e4 - Appetite for Apps - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Guy's Big Bite (2006–…): Season 16, Episode 4 - Appetite for Apps - full transcript 
 Guy makes appetizers, including buffalo-chicken nachos with blue-cheese sauce; blue olives with prosciutto; and a Bloody Mary, made with beer and tequila, in place of the vodka. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I don't know about you,  but I love appetizers. I mean, I like good appetizers, I like bad appetizers, I like appetizers  any way I can get 'em. I like little bites of a lot of different types of food. Now I prefer 'em  to be great appetizers, but, you know what,  we're all the same way. So to kick it off today I'm making some bomb appetizers starting off with my Buffalo Chicken Nachos. Sliced spicy chicken  on crispy pita chips with smoked blue cheese sauce  and mozzarella. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We've also got radish, celery  and pickled jalapenos. I mean, it is off the hook. Next up, Bangin' Blue Olives. We've got Manzanilla olives stuffed with smoked blue cheese and prosciutto, then breaded and fried  until hot and crispy. They are the bomb  and I mean almost literally. Now to drink  it's gotta be a Bloody Beer. You think Bloody Mary  with beer and tequila  in place of the vodka. You're gonna love this one. So here's the jalapeno and this is the way you kick off a great appetizer. And I'm serious  about that appetizer thing. I mean, we've all been  to the ski lodge 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 or been to the wedding and you see  the little plate of-- the tray of the appetizers  going around and you're like, "Those egg rolls  aren't gonna be good  but I'll have one." "Oh, those meatballs,  those are gonna be dry,  I'll take two." But that's the way we are,  we all like those little bites and they're usually  overly salted, overly sauced, but the reality of it is, we're a sucker  for a good appetizer. Now what's gonna tie  this appetizer all together is the bomb right there,  you see it, blue cheese, and that's actually sent to me from my sister  from another mister,  Rachael Ray. And this is  some smoked blue cheese all the way  from upstate New York,  outrageous. Okay, so I've got some jalapeno, we're gonna get a little bit of vegetable oil and some butter for the wing sauce. This is gonna work in two ways-- one, we're gonna pour this  all over these nachos and, two, we're gonna use it  to season the chicken before we put it  into the oven. So let's start off  with some oil. So we get some butter in. There we go. And let's grab the jalapeno. We'll grab a little bit of  garlic, as well. A little garlic  minced into this. So we load all this up, there we go, and we'll just let those sweat  for a little bit. Okay, now I'm gonna use  chicken breasts for this. Here we go. That. Get a board up. Keep that board  from floating around,  you know the trick. This really does  make a difference. I watch people cut themselves-- I don't stand there and watch it, but I see people  who cut themselves and I usually  walk over first thing and go,  "Is the board secure, no, 'cause the board moved  and, boom, they took  a piece of their thumb. All right,  let's take a look at this. Keepin' an eye  on that temperature. Don't want to burn that garlic. The jalapeno's fine,  but the garlic's the issue. So here are three, beautiful, organic, boneless,  skinless chicken breasts. I'm just gonna make  three even slices so they cook at the same time. And what's gonna happen  is I'll roast these off and these will go on top of  the nachos. Dynamite flavor. Throw those in here. And back over. Okay, so let's go through this. What makes great nachos,  well blue cheese sauce and that we're gonna make  in just a second. But it's also having things  that when we talk about nachos I hate when the chips  become all soggy, you know  what I'm talking about? The chips are there  and you get the one  or two that are still crisp but underneath  everybody's just kind of  like a soggy blanket? Well that's gonna  keep from happening  because I'm going to use pita. Oh, yeah,  you fry this pita up, you want to talk about a crunch that will last forever, this is the bad boy. All right, back to this. To the jalapeno,  the garlic in there, a little white vinegar. That's what we love about  wing sauce-- we love that little tang  that you get. It's not just from the heat. Okay, now we'll get into  our favorite hot sauce-- I've got mine, you've got yours, you can look at the bottle  and get an idea of what it is, about a cup and a half of that. Impressive, huh? Yeah, it's all I learned  in high school. Okay, I learned a lot  in high school. That was just one of  my favorite tricks. Okay, a little lime juice. There we go. Okay, a little of that. There we go,  oh, look at this. Look a this! This is gonna warm up here,  just a bit. I'm not gonna poach  the chicken in it, I'm just gonna dredge  the chicken in it. But I want to make  a little bit of a dry rub  before we do anything. So I'm gonna grab  some black pepper. A touch of some salt. A little cayenne pepper. That's really where some of  this great heat's gonna  come from. A little smoked paprika,  there we go. How about  a little celery salt, too? We all like  that celery component when we talk about having wings and blue cheese and so forth. Okay, we'll take this--  hold tight. Come over here and grab  some of this sauce. Just a little bit of it, just enough to coat this  and kind of get it wet. Lay that right over the top. The jalapenos  are already starting to work. There we go,  dial that heat back a bit. Stir this up so that hot sauce and the butter and the canola and the jalapeno and the garlic already starting to coat. Now we'll take it,  put it right out  on the sheet tray. Spread it out. Now take some of  that spice mix we just made. Liberally sprinkle that  over the top of it. We flip those over. Hit 'em again. And there we are. Okay, now into the oven, 350. Okay, blue cheese sauce. First thing we're gonna  start off with is a little bit of milk. Okay, and what we're going to do is by adding the milk and this is just gonna be  kind of like a, I don't know, this is gonna be a little bath  to put the blue cheese in. We're gonna bring  this big, honking wheel of  smoked blue cheese that my girl, Rachael, sent me from Oscar's  in upstate New York. And you want to  talk about flavor-- his cheese has so much flavor-- wait 'til you see this,  let me just open this up. Look at that! I mean, the flavor,  the smoke that's on it. Outrageous! Okay, here we go. Take off a little bit of  the cheese, a little bit more of  the cheese. Okay, so here's  what's gonna happen-- I'm gonna melt this blue cheese into this milk. Get some sour cream,  get some mayonnaise,  some more blue cheese and mix that together  and let it hang out. That's gonna be  the blue cheese sauce. Oh, my mouth is watering. Hot sauce is done,  chicken is done. Come back, we're making  Buffalo Chicken Nachos. And I've got some olives  that's gonna blow you away. See you  in a couple of minutes. All right, welcome back. We are making appetizers  like you love appetizers-- That's a lot of flavor,  a lot of spice and  some uniqueness. So sour cream, mayonnaise, I'll get to the prosciutto  and olives in a second. So make a blue cheese dressing, you love blue cheese dressing, well, I mean,  if you love blue cheese. This is the bomb blue cheese, it's from Oscar's  in upstate New York and my girl, Rachael, sent this to me for my birthday. It's so rich,  there's so much flavor, it will take me  until my next birthday  to eat all of it, but it's gonna make the awesome blue cheese dressing. So we'll begin with a little bit of sour cream, about a half cup--  that's a big half cup, but it's like you're  not gonna want this. And the same thing  on the mayo, okay? Now I've got some,  about 1/4 cup of milk and some blue cheese  over here on the stove that I let really reduce down. Check that out, okay? So this is kind of like blue cheese milkshake, just hot. Doesn't sound good,  but you get the idea. So we're gonna pour this in, I let this cool down  just a bit. Okay? Now I'm gonna grab some of  this beautiful cheese here, cut it off of the rind  and crumble it in. We'll mix this in  and that is starting  to look like some real deal, righteous, blue cheese sauce. Let me get some chives in there. Drop that in. Give it a little stir. We're in good shape. Now we're gonna talk about  making the nachos. Now when I say nachos  you think tortilla chips,  of course, but we're gonna use pitas. We're gonna cut these  into like, eight wedges. When you fry a pita there is just something about  how crunchy it stays so we're gonna submerse this  in some sauce and you gotta have something  that can go and withstand it. Okay, got the oil  at 350 degrees. Get this out of the way. These will brown up real quick. We'll get these down,  let them start... I think that's enough maybe,  okay. Now let's talk about olives. I love olives,  you love olives. These are beautiful  Manzanilla olives. Typically a Manzanilla olive  you will see with a pimento  in there, maybe some pickled garlic. I'm gonna show you  a different way, okay? Now we get this prosciutto out. I haven't been  picking through this or eating multiple slices of it like you would imagine. We're gonna cut it  in some strips, cut that fat off first. Cut it in a nice,  little strip here. Bring over some of  this blue cheese. Take a piece of the blue cheese, part of the prosciutto-- I'm gonna wrap it around  the blue cheese like so. I take my olive, give it a little slice  so I can get in there  a little bit easier-- into the olive  and there's one. All right, now I gotta  get to these pita chips. They're getting  super golden brown. Lay those out. There we go. Let that oil recover and we'll put another batch in. Back to the olives. Okay, so those are done. We're looking in good shape  with that. Mmm, that's bomb prosciutto. All right, Let me get  some more pitas down. Tear those in half. The oil should be  right around 350. Okay, we're in good shape. Next I'm gonna make the dredge. Now the dredge is gonna be  real straight forward what you expect in a dredge. We're gonna get  a little egg wash, some flour,  some fine panko. There we go. That should be enough of those. Okay, over to the dredge. Okay. Olives, one, two, three. We'll get some flour in. The panko-- oh, it's gonna be  a nice, little crunch  on the outside of that. A little egg here. We'll get some paprika. A little touch of that. And a touch of cayenne. So here's what's gonna happen. I'm gonna start dredging these. I'll go from the flour  to the egg to the panko. Let 'em set up on a rack, get 'em just kind of  hanging out for a second letting that crust  kind of adhere to it, then we'll go and fry 'em at 350 once the pitas are done. Come back, we're making Buffalo Chicken Nachos on pita. And we've got the bomb  blue cheese stuffed olive  wrapped with prosciutto. It doesn't get any better,  that's if you love appetizers. Big bite, you,  two or three minutes, okay? Huh, frying up some olives. Tell me you don't love that. Now these go super quick. so I'm just lightly setting  them in there not to knock off the batter into the 350-degree oil. What I've got,  I've got this Manzanilla olive stuffed with some smoked blue cheese, c'mon, and a little bit of prosciutto  wrapped around that. Then I dredged the olives  into the flour, the egg wash, the panko breadcrumbs, a little bit of cayenne pepper, just a touch on there,  and some smoked paprika. And just when these start  to turn golden brown  as they are now I'm gonna start  pulling them out. Because what we don't  want them to do is over cook and then pop. So you can see  how fast that went-- that's why I waited for you, I wanted to make sure  you saw that, okay? Just nice and golden brown. The cheese has melted  super fast, trust me. It's already a really nice,  creamy smoked blue cheese. Okay, the pita's ready to go  because we're making  chicken nachos-- buffalo chicken nachos, so let me just get  another little dredge  on these going. Get those out. Now I've got chicken  in the oven that I ran through  the hot sauce that I made over there with the jalapenos and the garlic and the hot sauce and a little bit of vinegar  and butter and that all came together--  these are finished. And what happened is,  I hit it with a little dry rub of some cayenne, some paprika,  a little celery salt-- celery salt and buffalo  and blue cheese all go together so well. So I've got that in the oven--  it's a chicken breast, sliced. It should be about time  to pull that out so let me grab that, okay? Let those set up a bit. And here we go. Yeah, that's exactly  what I wanted. I didn't fry this, okay,  I didn't fry it. What I did is I took it,  hit it, you've got a little dry rub  on the outside, it's gonna give you  some really great texture. I'll get this, the knife,  bring 'em over. Fork shred it, chop it,  however you want to do it. But look at that. And what I'm looking for  is a little spring back, it shows that it's nice  and tender, not dried out. A chicken thigh would work also, whole roasted chicken  if you wanted. Get this into some nice,  bite-size pieces. Now here's how  we're gonna do this. We're gonna throw  some pita chips-- why did I use the pita? Because if you use  regular tortilla chips  this thing's gonna disappear. We'll get that down. Some of this beautiful chicken. Now right over here  a little mozzarella cheese and the blue cheese dressing  that I made with that smoked blue. First I'm gonna pour on  some of my hot sauce right on top of there. Now we hit  some of the mozzarella. Some of the blue cheese. Look at that clumpy blue cheese. And I melted some of that blue cheese into some milk and then mixed that  with some crumbled blue cheese and some sour cream  and some mayo, okay? Back with more of  the pita chips. Okay, now we'll go with  more of the chicken on top. More sauce on top. Look at that,  super potent. Now we'll get in some of  that smoked blue, Oscar's  smoked blue. Rachael would just be flipping  on this one right now. I've gotta send her  a picture of this. A generous coating of  this mozzarella. Okay, now here's  the key to this. It's not gonna take long,  everything's already hot. So we're gonna go  into the oven, 350 degrees, for, I don't know,  five, maybe ten minutes,  keep an eye on it. We'll drop this in,  I've got some olives to fry. And when we come back,  I'm gonna make you-- I'm gonna make you a Bloody Mary with beer and tequila. Yes, that will go  with this dish, you're gonna need something  with big flavor, see you  in a bit. All right,  we're back in this. This is the final round. Okay, some parsley all set up, I'm ready  to bring out the nachos-- the fantastic  Buffalo Chicken Nachos. I dredged this chicken  in some hot sauce with butter, jalapenos,  you name it, garlic. Then I made some pita chips, then I made  a blue cheese dressing, hit it with a little mozzarella and look at this. And when I talk to you about  nachos that don't fall apart  like  a tortilla chip that's 'cause of the pita. Now we get in  some pickled jalapenos  right over the top. Ja-la- peno ! I've gotta have celery  when I have, you know,  buffalo chicken. I like that cool,  refreshing flavor of that. Throw some colors of  some radishes on top  of this, as well. You like this,  you like the way  this is looking? A little parmesan. Let's put us some parmesan  on top of these olives-- the olives there  with the prosciutto  and the smoked blue cheese. Huh, package deal. And then here's some of  the blue cheese sauce  that I made. So this is what I want to do. I want to get the chicken,  the cheese, the sauce, dip it right in. Mmm. Using the pita  that's the killer piece. Put a piece of that chicken. Mmm, the bomb, okay. I'm not kidding you,  the flavor-- when you think about blue cheese  buffalo chicken nachos that is the example  you'll find in the dictionary. One of the olives-- prosciutto smoked blue cheese  Manzanilla olive. Dynamite. I said super appetizers,  that's what you got. Super appetizers  deserve a super cocktail so let's start this thing off. We're gonna make  a Bloody Mary. We'll get a touch of  some horseradish. A squirt of  some worcestershire. Okay, a little bit,  just believe it or not, a touch of  some dry mustard, okay? So this is a Bloody Mary  turned Bloody Beer, but Bloody Beer plus plus because it's gonna have  tequila in it. Okay, so we go in  with some tomato juice. A touch of some lemon juice. A nice beer. Of course, it doesn't open. Just give it a little-- I'll teach you that trick later. Get in some of  your favorite lager. There we go. And a little touch,  where is it, there it is, of your favorite tequila. This is taking place of  your vodka, okay? Here we go,  and last but not least I need a little celery salt just to kind of wrap up  this theme of buffalo  and celery and we'll give it  just a touch. There we go. Give it a little mix,  ice into the glass. Now the great thing  about this is you could take this  as spicy as you want. Sometimes I'll throw  a little garlic in mine. Depends on  what kind of night it was and what you want this  to do for you. You've got the beer,  the worcestershire, the horseradish,  all of that. What does it need,  exactly, a celery stick. But this is going over the top, I talked about Oscar's  where that awesome  smoked blue came from. How about a little  Oscar's pepperoni stick right in on top of  that bad boy, huh? Whoo! the only thing  that can hang in there  with buffalo chicken nachos and fried olives stuffed  with smoked blue cheese  and prosciutto is this type of a bloody beer  with a splash of tequila. Listen,  you want to get this recipe,  you know what to do-- but I tell you what-- the dogs are even hungry for it. I'll see you next week, "Guy's Big Bite," don't forget. I love it. Look at the one right there. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 