Guy's Big Bite: Season 18, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Guy's Big Bite 
 s18e8 - Lighten Up with Big Flavor - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Guy's Big Bite (2006–…): Season 18, Episode 8 - Lighten Up with Big Flavor - full transcript 
 A meal that lightens the calorie count without sacrificing on flavor. Included: banana leaf-wrapped sea bass served with spicy grilled corn salsa; and a salad of red quinoa and mango. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Welcome to "Big Bite." You know, the older I get, the  healthier I think I'm eating. I mean, really.  I'm not even trying to do it. It's just -- I need it. So, what's one of the ways  I'm doing that? With fish. Yeah, not your regular fish  that sounds boring. You know  this is "Big Bite"-style. We got to big with the flavor, starting off with a Chilean sea  bass wrapped in a banana leaf infused with a citrus marinade cooked on the grill  in a banana leaf 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 served with a spicy grilled-corn  salsa and pickled red onions. Now, you want to talk  about flavor on top of  flavor on top of flavor. On the side, I've got  red-quinoa-and-mango salad. It's got diced tri-colored  bell peppers, fresh mint, and Dijon vinaigrette.  I mean, this is so on point. And this is to prove that healthy  can actually mean flavorful. I know. Listen, we start  saying there's gonna be  fish on the menu, people are like,  "Eh, I don't know. Call us when you're having  Philly cheese steak," or,  "When is it taco night?" But you know what? The way  we're gonna do this fish,  wrapped in the banana leaf, you just wait --  Big, big flavor on the way. So I've sliced up some thin red  onions, and here's the kicker. So the red onions like this,  we're gonna pickle them, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and I love pickled veggies --  giardiniera, you name it. But here's the thing with these. They got a nice little color  to them. What we're gonna do is use  a little bit of this beet to really bring some real  nice, big, red color to it. It's not gonna change the flavor  a bunch. But you know me.  I'm a big beet fan. Okay.  Let's get some vinegar in here. Apple cider vinegar  is perfect for this. Why? A little bit of sweetness,  not too harsh. And I need a good amount. Add some sugar. A couple tablespoons of that. Salt. And one more thing --  a little black peppercorn. I don't know,  about a dozen of those. Okay. Now, I'm not too worried  about it right now. I'm just gonna drop these in. Watch it, 'cause they will stain  everything. Wrong day to wear a white shirt  on "Big Bite." I don't know  what I was thinking. So drop those in. Start to  leech out some of that color. In with the red onions. We're not gonna let this go  super far. As soon as we dissolve  and warm it up and start to pull that color out  of the beets, we're done. I still want to have the crunch. Now, you see how there's  not enough liquid in there and I've got a ton of vinegar? I'm just gonna hit it  with a little bit of water just so everything is submerged. Perfect. Fantastic. All right. Now let's get into this fish.  Okay. I talk about it all the time. Got to have a fishmonger, right? Look what he got for me today. Huh? Come on now. Nice, big filet, and I'm talking like half  the fish of Chilean sea bass. Okay, so look at this. Nice, white, firm fish.  Flaky. Gorgeous. If you can't get the sea bass,  don't stop on the menu idea and  say, "Oh, I'm not gonna do it." Just go ahead and find  yourself -- talk to  your fishmonger, and find yourself a fish  that's kind of firm but has got some really nice  flaky texture to it, okay? So we'll go in half. A little bit of the beet already flavoring the fish. That's fantastic.  Explain that one. Okay. So these are done.  Now let's talk about -- Now let's talk about making  the marinade for this. This is gonna be  a really simple marinade. A couple oranges...  go right into a bowl. Now, what do we like  about the orange? We like the zest.  If you can get this zest and really start to impart  that flavor, we don't want to put too much  of the citrus in there because we'll start to, what?  Cook the fish, exactly. We're not making seviche. So get a nice little bit  of the zest off of here. These are pretty big oranges. I can probably get away  with one of them. This is where having that juicer  really comes into play. If you can get it  to fit in there. Look at that. Okay. Now, throwing in  a little achiote paste, or a little achiote seasoning,  I should say. There's all different kinds  of this, but it comes  from the annatto seed. In this situation,  it's been ground up with a little bit of spice,  probably a little paprika, maybe a little cayenne,  maybe a little cumin. So there will be  different styles out there.  Find the one you like. But you want to talk  about awesome color? This is where all your color  is gonna come in. Okay. So there we go. A little of the achiote. A touch of some cumin. The flavors are gonna be subtle  working with this fish, but there's all this flavor coming in from this banana leaf. Okay. Mix that. A little extra-virgin olive oil  to cut it a bit. I will be adding salt and pepper to it later when I put the fish in the banana leaf, But for right now,  I'm just letting that dissolve. There we go.  All right. Now we're gonna let this  counter-marinade just about 45 minutes. Remember, we can over-marinate  this fish. Even though I didn't use  a ton of the citrus, it can over-marinate. So watch yourself. Look at this white, flaky,  firm fish. Those thinner pieces -- That's usually Ryder's favorite. There we go. They cook a little more.  Don't seem so intimidating. Okay. Pour the marinade over the top. The reason for the resealable  bag is I can get a lot of work out of a little bit of marinade  by having the bag. Because now  I can move it around, okay? And then if I squeeze out  the excess air -- You see this?  Squeezing out that excess air. Everybody's getting marinated, one orange, maybe three  tablespoons of the olive oil. We're in good shape. So I'll let that set. Right there. Now take a look at this. Take a look at what's going on here already. Look at the color already  that's happening from that little bit of beet  that I put in there. Okay. That's enough. It's just gonna continue  to steep in that hot liquid. So I'll just go ahead, bring it over here, and let it cool down. Ahh, that's gorgeous, huh? We'll take the beets out  when we eat the pickled onions. But just for the time being,  we'll just them sit there and just continue to bring  the color to the dish. All right. Now let's talk  about the corn salsa. I got to grab the whole thing. I got it all.  The bounty of the county. So what am I gonna love  about this? Well, the charring the veggies  right off the bat. So, we'll grab some  of these Fresno chilies, give them a little squirt  of some olive oil. A little salt and pepper. Let me get the poblanos in here,  as well. Hit those onto the grill -- a cross between hardwood  and briquettes. Briquettes to give me  that long-running temperature. Hardwood to really bring in  some of the flavor. So we'll throw these down,  let them start charring. I've got to husk some corn.  Anybody want to help? That's what I figured.  Well, come back. I'll husk the corn,  throw it on the grill. Poblanos,  we got the Fresnos down. The beets -- The onions  are pickling in the beets. And we'll put fish  into banana leaf. I know it sounds like a mess,  but it's gonna be a good time. See you in a bit. Oh! Oh!  Hey, hey! Hey! Right over here! Right here.  Come on over to the sink. I'm doing the real exciting  piece of rinsing the quinoa. Yeah, it's a real hot topic.  There we go. Got to rinse the quinoa  and get rid of the saponin. Like, what's saponin? It's this bitter little exterior  on the quinoa that is probably one  of the reasons a lot of  people don't eat quinoa. Sometimes, you'll find  quinoa and it already  has that rinsed off it. But for the most part,  you need to rinse it. So into some boiling water, and I'm gonna give this a cover. This beautiful red quinoa's  gonna sit here and just steam and pop. You know, the little quinoa  just pop. It's awesome. So this is all for my what?  Exactly. My healthy show. The quinoa's gonna  come together, but  you're looking back here and you're saying,  "Ooh. What is that?" Well, we've got some beets  that are actually sharing their beautiful color  with some pickled red onions, and that's all gonna come  together for some fish. But before we do any of that, let me get my peppers  off the grill. Now, I've got some poblano  and some Fresnos, and these are all gonna be for this fantastic  charred corn salsa. Look at that. A little touch  of olive oil, salt, and pepper. Bring them off.  You know the routine, right? Just a little plastic wrap. Just fighting it for a second. This is a great way  to sweat them. You know, sometimes if you  don't have the plastic wrap, as long as you can get them in something that will allow  them to steam, I've seen people even do it  in a paper bag or a plastic container  that you can close the lid on. Okay.  Let those steam up like that. And I'll grab the corn off. I'm gonna let the corn cool down before I go and start to cut  all the kernels off. And I got a nice hot fire going for some fantastic fish that  I have marinating right here. So let me --  I'll put these right here. Okay, fish is here, done. A little bit of orange juice,  a little bit of orange zest. That's the real key to it. So, first thing we're gonna do is work with this gigantic  elephant in the room -- Actually, I'll take this one.  And that is this banana leaf. So the banana leaves I had  were fresh. Sometimes they'll come frozen,  but the idea is to find the banana leaf that has  some good portions to it. A good 4-to-5-inch widths. You're cutting off the backbone,  or cutting out the strong seam of the leaf, 'cause the two  leaves would peel apart. And then taking off the rough edge that may be freezer-burned, or if it's dried out  a little bit, pulling that off. So getting some real nice,  clean, durable portions of the banana leaf,  4 inches by about 10 inches. Laying the two down  and crossing them over the top. Putting the seafood  in the center, putting that Chilean sea bass  in the center. A little touch  of the black pepper, salt. Folding one over the other  so they're overlapping. This was the original tinfoil. This is how  it was all getting done before we had plastic wrap  and tinfoil. And then pinning them shut with a real strong toothpick  or bamboo stick, and they really hold together  great. Voilà. Not bad, huh?  Three more to go. Okay. The last one. And I know you're looking  at this right now going, "Wait a second.  Is it really that easy?" It is totally that easy, and  you are gonna love doing this because depending on, I mean,  you could put shrimp in there. There's so much great flavor  that could be built in there. You could put some onions, and there could be peppers  in it -- You name it. But these stack up super-easy. Bring them right over here  to the grill. I'm gonna raise this grill  up here for a second, 'cause I don't want to go  too fast. I'm trying to get two things  happening here. I'm trying to get a little bit  of steam and I'm trying to get a little bit of a grill. So I'm gonna watch this and  make sure that it doesn't burn, that these edges don't get brown  too fast, but look at that. Right like that.  Fantastic shape. Okay. Now we'll talk about the quinoa.  Now, I'm a huge quinoa fan. When my sister Morgan --  She was one that first  taught me about it -- and she just showed all  these different flavors  that you could add to it. I mean, it's really  a fantastic canvas. The beauty about it is is that it'll take on  anything you do with it. I'm gonna dice these down.  We'll put this all together. You're gonna get  this super-flavorful fish steamed in a banana leaf, a little kiss of that orange  coming through. You got these pickled onions  gonna go on top. It's gonna be a fantastic dish, and we're doing it  all about staying healthy. I'll see you in a little bit. "Welcome back to the 'Slicing,  Chopping, and Dicing Hour.' I'm Guy." I'm telling you something -- I love the food I make. I love the style of food,  but it is so -- There is a lot of chopping. This is food for the people,  meaning that there should be a lot of people here helping me  with this food. All right. So, some red bell  pepper, yellow bell pepper, some mangoes,  some orange bell pepper all coming together  for this fantastic quinoa. A little red quinoa in here  that's steaming. It'll be ready in just a second. I'm gonna fluff it, lay it out,  let it cool, and make this awesome salad  with it. But the star of the show --  Let me show you this. The star of this healthy show  is my Chilean sea bass, and not just any sea bass. First, I marinated it  in a little bit of orange juice with some achiote powder  and a little bit of cumin. I did a little bit of the zest  so I get some of that real nice citrusy flavor  with not too much of the acid. Then took it, let it marinate  for about an hour, hit it  with a little salt and pepper, wrapped it here  in the banana leaves. Tell me that's not dynamite. And just use a toothpick  to close it up. And just letting them sit here  and steam inside of that, you can see a little bit  of the juice coming out. It's gonna be fantastic  over a little bit of hardwood. No problem.  Let me get this started. I've got...this salad  coming together. It was a lot of prep.  Totally worth it, though. Here we go. Back of the knife  to keep from dulling the blade. And all those great veggies --  I mean, look at the color that's gonna be inside of this  with that red quinoa. Okay. Some of my red onions back there sitting  in some of that beet juice. Oh, dynamite color. Okay.  Shallots and garlic. Shallot. Now, this -- Break it down the same way  that you break down an onion. Okay? I'll give it a few slices  right through the side. Do all the dicing in one shot. Right on top. Just like  we're working an onion. Making it really nice and fine so it'll work its way  into the dressing evenly. Run it over one more time. Here we go. And we'll drop that in  for the dressing. Same thing --  Got to go with some garlic. Just coming to give it  a little rough chop. The idea is to really break down  the garlic. Okay. Okay. That comes together. Let  me get a little salt in here. A little black pepper. We're gonna need  a touch of mustard. The mustard's nice because it always helps in  the emulsification side of it. So we get a little bit of Dijon,  a little white balsamic. There we go. Okay.  So that's all mixed up nicely. Now a touch  of extra virgin olive oil. Putting in that mustard, it'll help bring the oil  and the vinegar together. Okay? We all know that  from making a dressing. A little taste. That's spot-on.  Exactly what I wanted. Crunchy of the vegs,  sweet of the mango, a little kiss of the mustard,  definitely the garlic in there, shallots, and that'll all  mellow out here in a second. Okay.  Let's get into quinoa. So...  Yeah, that's a good size. This is red quinoa. I rinsed it first... to get  that little bitter taste -- Everybody's had that bitter  taste before from quinoa. Okay? Some quinoa will come pre-rinsed  for you. I don't know. I can go with the old-fashioned  stuff and do my own rinsing. Okay? Feather it out. Kind of like doing with rice, just kind of letting it finish  its steaming process. It'll kind of separate a little  bit. It won't be so clumpy. But look at that. Mmm. Nice and nutty. Okay. So we'll set this off  to the side. Now let's talk  about these peppers. So I've got some poblanos  and some Fresnos, threw them on the grill, a little bit of olive oil, salt and pepper, let them steam. You know what that does?  It just kicks off the skin. This is all gonna come together  with this roasted corn. So I've got to cut the kernels  off the corn, got to take and skin  these peppers down, get the seeds and the stems  and everything out. That'll all come together  for a salsa. Here's what we're talking about,  ladies and gentlemen. We're talking about a fantastic Chilean sea bass  wrapped in a banana leaf. Then we're gonna toss it with some of this roasted-corn salsa, and then we take some  of those pickled onions on top. Are you kidding me? All  with a quinoa salad coming  together when you get back. And if you want to stop  by the house and help with  this, it'd be really nice. This is my healthy show. We got some red quinoa, I've got some tri-colored  bell peppers in here, a little bit of mint  dropping in, made a touch of dressing with some Dijon in there  and a little bit of olive oil, and now, this beautiful red  quinoa kind of drops right in. You're gonna love this salad. So drop that in. People are flying in for it.  You can hear them. All right. Set that aside. Now give it a quick little mix. I've got the dressing  already in there. Look at that.  It's gorgeous. And the mint  really just gonna open that up, gonna go with that mango  so nice. A little crunchiness from some  of the shallot I threw in there and a touch of garlic. Let those kind of work their way  into the dressing. So really flavorful. And right there -- Look how beautiful that is, huh? Mmm. Outstanding. Outstanding. All right. Now let's talk  about a corn salsa. So, I've got this fish  that's finishing right now. Chilean sea bass.  Outrageous. What we're gonna dump in here --  red onion, a little bit of garlic  that I already had broken down, minced it  really nice and fine. Then I've got  some Fresno chilies here, as well as poblanos. And these are just gonna get  a quick little touch. Here we go. So give it a touch of salt. A little agave. Yep, agave just like  in making tequila. Okay. A little zest of some lime. And this just makes its own natural vinaigrette right there. Okay. Get this. I just want to make sure that I got that agave  and that lime working together. But look at those colors. Toasted that corn, or roasted  it, right there on the grill. Okay. Some scallions. Okay. All right, we'll drop this in. Okay.  This is all together. Now let's take a look --  It's time to grab the fish. Now, the fish have been wrapped  in banana leaves. This is my piece. So I'll show you how beautiful  this is going to be. We marinated it in a little bit of orange juice and orange zest. But is that gorgeous or what? Let's slide that right off. Natural --  That's your natural foil. Oh. A little  of this ground achiote -- So it's a really nice color  coming out of it. Put some of this quinoa salad  right on the side. Tell me that just doesn't look like confetti, like a parade in Flavortown. Now we'll drop a little bit  of the corn salsa right on top of that. And then a touch -- and this is how we started everything off is with these  pickled red onions. Now, you've done  pickled red onions, but have they ever been  that beautiful red? Take a look at that. Fresh veggies. Mmm. That salad is just dynamite. And the Chilean sea bass -- Remember what I was saying  about the big, flaky pieces? A little bit of that onion  right on top. Don't tell anybody it's healthy,  all right? Just keep going with the,  "Oh, yeah. It tastes delicious. Must not be good for you." And the kids will eat it up. Go healthy. You're gonna love  it. See you next week. Outstanding. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 