Guy's Big Bite: Season 19, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Guy's Big Bite 
 s19e7 - Thai Takeout Takeover - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Guy's Big Bite (2006–…): Season 19, Episode 7 - Thai Takeout Takeover - full transcript 
 Guy Fieri collaborates with chef Aaron May, when cooking Thai red beet curry with tangy green papaya salad and coconut jasmine rice. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  So earlier this year, Lori and I and my parents  had this awesome trip to Cuba. Oh, that Cuban trip,  I wanna go back so bad. Yeah. We just got back, and she  already wants to go back. But anyhow, we ate at these awesome restaurants. We had fantastic dishes. But there's one place that she didn't get to go where they made an old-school  dish she's gotta try. I know she'll love it.  So I figured, let's do it on "Big Bite," starting off with my chicken Kiev. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We've got crispy, fried ground  chicken filled with a dill and smoked paprika  compound butter. It's crispy  on the outside, juicy and literally  flavor-packed inside. To cut through  all that richness, how about a zucchini  and fennel noodle salad tossed in a bright lemon vinaigrette with pecorino cheese and crispy prosciutto. And to wash it all down, I'm shakin' up  a Blackberry Mule with vodka, lime and ginger beer that might just go down  a little too easy. Let's talk about, uh, making  the stuffing for the Kiev. Now, uh, Kiev is  actually a French dish. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Sounds very, uh,  sounds Russian to me. For some reason, I always thought it was Russian. I think the French stole it. And then the Russians  took it back. Is that what it is?  Well, we tried it at a Soviet restaurant in Cuba. And I'm not kiddin' you.  This place was legit. And I've never seen  Kiev done this way. I always thought it was the chicken breast stuffed... -Pounded.  -Pounded out a little bit, then breaded, then fried. Well, this right here, we're gonna be grinding  our own chicken. We're in for a blast.  Trust me. Um, you're good with that. Can I get about a quarter cup of, uh, the Pepper Jack cheese? Okay, so we'll start with some butter, a lotta butter. We're gonna take this butter, mix it with these ingredients. We got dill. Yeah. Right in there. Throw a little bit of smashed garlic. There we go. So the Pepper Jack cheese, the butter, little bit of garlic. That's a lotta garlic. That's not a lotta garlic.  It's just a little bit. Who ever comments about too much garlic in their -- -Yes, it is.  -Huh? Who doesn't like garlic? You didn't just say that. All right. Little cream cheese. But you listen. So we go to Cuba. And it was really just at the beginning when people were having the opportunity to go to Cuba. Lori and my mom and dad flew in ahead of me. I was coming in from Texas.  And they get there. They had a real tough time, well, not a real tough time. But they had an interesting time  coming through customs. Me, I just breezed  right through. But, boy, was it a blast  or what?  Oh, yeah. But your father, I thought  they were gonna lock him up. Well, they probably should lock him up. Anyways, uh, so some cream cheese. -Don't help.  -Oh, okay. Just stand over there and watch me. -Want a back scratch?  -No. Mom, come on. Would you chop up a little bit of parsley? I gotta kinda pulse this a little bit, get this started. Okay. So this is gonna be the stuffing. Now, believe it or not, we're gonna take this stuffing and freeze it before we put it into the, uh, before we put it into the chicken. This always happens when I put cream cheese in there. Okay. So wad that down in. So yeah. We go -- we get there. We were there for about 5 days.  We did it all. We toured all throughout Havana. Then, we went outside of Havana, went to a Cuban cigar factory. That was outrageous. Just really nice people,  really cool cars. I didn't believe that the car  thing was true, did you? No. That they were actually gonna be  drivin' those cars around? And if you saw a car that wasn't  an old car, you stared at it. But the old cars  were everywhere. So after a while,  it was no big deal. Yeah. It wasn't. Go ahead and drop it in, Mom. Okay. Little smoked paprika. There we go. Little salt and pepper. And I'm just fighting to get this to start to work. If you can let the cream cheese  sit out a bit or the butter, go ahead and, uh, and do it. It won't make it so tough  to get this to mix up. All right. Give it one more try. -I've done this before.  -I know. I know it's not appearing -- Nothing worse than have your mom  watching over your shoulder. "Uh, real good. Great job on the show, Guy." Okay. Here we go. The compound butter -- Well, we should call it  compound butter plus. Had the butter.  Had cream cheese. It had, uh, uh,  the Pepper Jack cheese, little smoked paprika,  had some garlic, little parsley,  a little salt and pepper. And to round it out,  which this place was known for, Okay. So what we'll do, take a little bit of this compound butter. Lay it right here in the center. We're gonna freeze this, Mom. We're gonna freeze it  real tight. Okay? We're gonna freeze it so,  when we drop it inside, we're gonna get some ground chicken here in just a second. But we'll freeze this so tight  that, when we drop it in there, it's almost gonna be like a butter-cream cheese Popsicle. Okay? Lay that down. Want me to wrap that?  No. I got it. Why? Just 'cause I couldn't  use my own mixer, you think that, now, that's the way everything's gonna be? Roll that over. Here we go. Give it a little spin. There we go. Okay. And the key to this is, drop --  gotta drop it in the freezer. Okay? Right down here in the freezer.  Out comes the chicken. So what I did here, Mom, you got breasts and thighs. Cubed them up, threw 'em in the freezer and just put a little bit  of a freeze on 'em. You know like when you're trying  to slice something really thin? -If it's a tiny bit frozen...  -Right. ...it just works a little bit easier. Would you grab me that other  carafe right there for the food processor? Right there. So you could get  ground chicken. But if by chance you can't, and you wanna make this dish,  this is the way to do it. You put a little bit extra -- you put a little bit  extra time into it. Cut it up. Freeze it a little bit. And we'll be able to process it through here. So --  Is this better  than buying ground? Well, here's the thing you know is you know exactly what your ratio's gonna be.  Uh-huh. So here we've got equal parts  of breast and thigh or maybe two-thirds,  one-third. Don't overload it.  Pop it like that. Sometimes, it's a little too frozen. So if you have to let it sit out in a little room temperature,  just kinda pulse it. Let's take a look at that. So you see what you get?  Uh-huh. Nice little -- nice, ground up. You know, how much fat you have in there, how much breast,  how much thigh. Yeah. It looks good. Fantastic. Okay. So we take that out.  We knock it over. And we continue the process. You ready?  Yep. Okay, good, 'cause I gotta go  check some e-mail. - Okay.  -No? -Yeah, sure.  -I'll take care of it. All right. So this gets dropped in. Okay. Well, let's do this. We'll put this together. When you come back, we're making chicken Kiev. Got a fantastic cocktail. And one of my mom's favorite vegetables, the zucchini, will be coming into play. We'll see you in a little bit. Welcome back.  "Guy's Big Bite." Uh, cooking here in the, uh, at the ranch kitchen  with my mom. What are you looking for? Don't worry about it. Go ahead. "Don't worry about it." You see how we've got  the stations swapped 'cause I'm over here  workin' with the mandoline. But this is gonna be some, uh, dynamite zucchini strips  for this salad. It's gonna get a little  prosciutto into it. My mom is, uh, setting up the dredging station over there. How are we doing, Penelope? Doing great. Let me just get this. -These our eggs?  -Uh, yeah. Our eggs.  We have, uh, organic chickens. So our garden,  what happens is, you know, sometimes, you don't  get out there. And the tomato was fine  yesterday. Then you come out. Now, it's laying out  on the ground and it's a little bit mushy. Well, we take those,  throw 'em over the, uh, throw 'em over the fence  to the chickens. And the chickens get to eat 'em.  And I wanna talk -- you wanna talk about  beautiful organic eggs. I've talked about it before. I don't know if you know  the story about Ryder. So one time,  we didn't have chick-- we didn't have eggs.  We came back from a trip. And none of the eggs  were waiting for us. And, uh, so we got some  organic eggs at the store and made 'em for Ryder. And, uh, Ryder looks  at 'em and says, "I'm not eatin' those.  Something's wrong with 'em." 'Cause they were just  a beautiful yellow. They weren't that  big golden... -Right.  -That orange. Uh, it was crazy. Okay. Um, so my mom's  workin' that. Whisk that together, please. And we really wanna have  that super eggy 'cause this is gonna be  a really tight batter that's gonna go around  this ground chicken. We did the ground  chicken ourselves. We have our whisk. Okay. We did the, uh, we did the, uh,  ground chicken ourselves. You can't always find  ground chicken in the store. But if you get  equal parts of breast and thigh or your mixture  that you like, and you take that,  I'll tell you something. Just freeze it up  a little bit. Throw it into  a food processor. And you're good to go. Hi, Roxy. Wanna help? All right.  So a little fennel, a little zucchini.  Okay, Mom. Let me ask you a question  while I'm doing this, while I'm -- while  I'm daring my fingers. Okay. Uh, favorite thing  about Cuba, what -- besides the fact  that I took you? Oh. Oh, I'd say it's the night  that you went to bed at 9:00, and I went out till 3:00. I can't believe you just  told everybody that. That is so ridiculous.  I did not go to bed at 9:00. It was 9:30. I went to Cuba for the music. It was -- it was 9:30, Mom. So, yeah. So I, you know,  listen, I'm working. I got things going on.  We're over there shooting a, uh, a special  for "Triple D" and for, uh,  the Travel Channel. So I'm doing  my responsible part. She's goin' out. They don't start the music  in Cuba till what time? It started at midnight, but it was really 1:00 because the time changed. You all set up? Okay. I'm all ready. Little salt on this is gonna  bring out some of the moisture. We're gonna be making a salad  outta this in a little bit. I'll set this aside. Let me get a pan hot here. I've got a little prosciutto  that I'm just gonna crisp up. This is gonna be kinda the, uh, the garnish or the little bit  of the crouton for this fantastic salad with the fennel  and the zucchini. Mom, you ready  to do this over there? Let me just fold this over. I love prosciutto  when it's crispy. There's just a salty  nuttiness about it. And it's always worth it,  getting really good prosciutto. Okay. We'll drop this --  Actually, Mom, do me a favor. -Uh-huh?  -Little olive oil right there, the first one in front of you,  that bottle, just so it  doesn't stick too much. How do you know if it's really good prosciutto?  There you go. All right. I'm sorry? How do you know if it's really good prosciutto? The price or...  Well, sadly enough, by price. But really, uh,  you're looking for, uh, imported  prosciutto from Italy. You're also looking at the,  uh, how long it was aged. They age prosciutto.  Okay. Let this go.  Let's get into this. This is where things  are gonna get dicey. Uh, outta the freezer, pulling out our log of butter. Now this is the one  that we took and mixed with the cream cheese, the butter, the dill. The dill is what really  makes the dish come together. -Did it freeze?  -Yeah. -Oh, wow.  -Oh, yeah. It's frozen hard. And the reason it is, Mom, you'll see this here  in a second, is I want it frozen so  when we start to cook it, it doesn't start to leak out all this great flavor  right off the bat. -Right.  -Okay? About that size. And you're gonna have  to follow along here 'cause this gets real --  -Okay. Real quick real fast.  Okay? So ground chicken, thighs and breast, cut it in half. Just so I don't use too much of one...  Right. I found this method. I do this  a lot when I'm doing burgers. Okay. So then I got four  equal portions.  Okay. Okay?  Yep. So now, pick it up  with my hand. Gonna kinda compact it together a little bit. Make a little bit  of a canoe. -Okay? Nice and firm.  -Okay. Drop that inside. Okay? Wrap it around. I'm gonna steal a little bit of this. You're gonna end up  with three. Well, it might be three.  But listen. As big and as bodacious and delicious as these are -- And I've also got some more frozen chicken. So I can knock that out.  But the idea is just to make sure that it's evenly coated. Okay? So we got -- -Like pigs in a blanket.  -It's -- yeah. Just weird -- just with raw -- You wanna stir that for me?  Okay. Okay. Now, the wet chicken  is gonna pick up a little bit of the seasoned flour. Uh-huh. Actually, that's probably  gone enough, Mom. You can just pull it off the heat. So a little bit of the seasoned flour sticks to the wet chicken. You're doing the rest of these. You better be paying attention. I am.  Okay? Then we go into  the egg wash, egg wash into the Italian bread crumb. And this is a really thick batter that we're putting together. So we'll go from the Italian  bread crumb back into this, back into the egg wash again. Why do you do two bread crumbs? So it really creates a coating on it so when it starts to cook -- 'Cause we're gonna pan-fry it,  then finish it in the oven. And this will keep it from -- this will really create a barrier so the cheese doesn't explode. But why two kinds  of bread crumbs? Those are a little bit  thinner. These are a little  bit crunchier. We're explaining it all. See?  We're learning at home. We're spreading attention together. See you in a little bit. She's gonna get started  on these right now. I've done one. And I'm done. Go ahead, Mom. Jump in. Grab it. Welcome back. Special day.  My mom's on "Big Bite." So you know that, uh,  not a lot is getting done. And there's more laughing --  Oh, hey. How'd I do? Uh, you did --  I'm actually really impressed. How was your e-mails?  My e-mails were good. While I was doin' all the work.  Thank you. I have important things  I'm dealing with. I don't know what those  important things were. Okay. Fantastic.  So what we did here is we made this  ground chicken ourselves. And my mom, very diligently,  by the way, uh, took this compound butter that's got a little,  uh, cream cheese and Pepper Jack  and, uh, paprika, mixed it all together,  put it inside frozen, wrapped the chicken around  it and then dredged it. And we're talkin'  heavy dredge, okay? -We're talkin', uh, flour.  -Flour. Then went to the egg, then went to  the Italian bread crumb, then went back to the egg,  then went to the panko. So oil is right  about 350, Mom. -Okay.  -Go ahead. Here's a spoon.  Lay that on the spoon. And just gently  drop those in. -Okay.  -And you're good to go. On the -- While she's  workin' on that, I've got some, uh, zucchini  and some fennel that I, uh,  salted in the back. I'm gonna rinse that off  in a bit to make this really nice salad  that's gonna go along with it. You see, when you  put it in there, how it just comes up  about halfway? Yeah. Yeah. We'll fry both of these.  There you go. Don't put it too close to it. Okay. Okay? The idea is not  to really mess with them because you're starting  to set up the crust now. It's kind of in  a very tender moment. Um, once it starts  to build its crust, tse in the oven.  It's kind of in  a very tender moment. Okay.  Um, you can go ahead and pluck some of those  fronds for me. -Okay. -I just need some of the fronds. This is gonna go for  the dressing for the salad. Typically, the Kiev  is served with noodles. So this is my California version  of serving it with noodles. You know,  when you take zucchini, and you slice it thin  on the mandoline, add a little fennel to it,  made a little dressing, olive oil,  some garlic, some salt, some pepper  and the fennel fronds and a little bit of lemon zest  and lemon juice. Took some prosciutto,  sliced it thin, threw it in a pan  and crisped that up. Combine it all together  and then top it off with a little shaved pecorino,  nice and salty. Ah, a raw salad like this  with such flavor and texture, perfect for the Kiev. Okay. Dressing's done.  There we go. Now, want a cocktail,  Mother? I know I don't need  to ask you that. -Of course.  -Okay. -Of course --  -Let's talk about -- Have you ever had a Moscow Mule? Yep. Okay. So this isn't the idea  of the Moscow Mule. But we're gonna use,  in this Moscow Mule -- Let me grab this here. -Grab all my goodies.  -Lazy man's load. -You need some help?  -No. This is not  a lazy man's load. - Except I forgot one thing.  -Good. All right.  So the Moscow Mule, there's a lotta theories  about this. One -- The real, true theory  is it didn't come from Moscow. Two -- Moscow Mules  have that kick. They say the kick comes  from that ginger beer. So what I'm gonna do is drop  in some beautiful blackberries. These are too big. They didn't come from our ranch. Our berry bushes are tiny. And the deer eat 'em  all the time. So these we got  from the market. Um, we'll get, uh... That has garlic on it. -That'll taste good.  -Little garlic and some lime. That's how they got the coffee  in the -- in the lobster. Yeah, it was,  the coffee in lobster. So we go to this place  called El Figaro. And, uh, it's in a place  called Barbershops Alley. -And they made a lobster...  -Yeah. ...that was done with  with an espresso sauce, outrageous. Am I gonna put these on here? Yeah. Go ahead and swap  those out, Mom. Perfect. All right. So let me get in here  and muddle this, few ice cubes  just to help build. There we go. So the Moscow Mule,  they say that it -- they call it the Mule because  it's got the ginger beer kick. So you're talkin' about  vodka and ginger beer and a little bit of lime. So what we're doin' here  is adding in the blackberries. Still got the lime. And we are gonna hit it  with a little ginger beer. But look at that,  nice little muddle there. -You work quick.  -Oh. I gotta stay on --  I gotta stay on my toes. -Keep goin'.  -Oh. So these... You got it. Yeah. -All right.  -Okay. The drinks in Cuba,  that was interesting. I went and made the,  uh, had the daiquiris at, uh, Hemingway's  place where he -- where his -- his, uh, haunt. Did you guys  make it by there? We went to one bar he went,  but not that one. Well, you could've gone  to any bar in Havana. I think he might've gone to. That's true. Okay. Little bit -- The one we went to, the only picture I saw of Castro in the whole place in Havana,  the whole city, was with, uh, Hemingway and Castro in this bar. -And, uh...  -Really? Yeah. It was a great place. We went to the place  that makes the daiquiris. And I'm telling you,  the daiquiris were outrageous. I mean, I didn't think,  you know, what could be so special  about the daiq-- - Whoa.  -Huh? See? I caught it.  Okay, Mom. Right in the fridge right there,  if you wouldn't mind grabbing, top drawer, should be  a couple ginger beers. Okay. So pour that  right over the top. Get some of the muddled  berries in there. I just probably need one. Is this beer real --  really beer?  Yeah. Okay. Ale, yeah. Okay. Gonna do that. What? Lucky you didn't hit your -- Part of the --  It's part of the trick, Mom. I'm just tryin' to do  a little show for ya. Okay? So we pour the ginger beer  right over the top of it. There we go. So...  Nice. I'm wearing half the meal,  hangin' out with my mom, talking about Cuba,  having a cocktail, cooking outdoors at the ranch. It doesn't get any better, well, until we start  eating all this. See you in a little bit.  Cheers. Welcome back. Chicken Kiev, chicken Kiev like you probably  haven't seen it before. This is a little tribute  to my, uh, trip that I took to Cuba with Lori and my parents and making chicken Kiev  with ground chicken. We made this compound butter  with a little cheese, stuffed it in there, outrageous.  And a salad. So you're working on the pecorino. Yep.  Would you mind, uh, just dicing up a little bit of the chive? -So...  -Okay. What we've got here -- What we've got here is a little fennel, some zucchini. And my mom is drinking  the Moscow Mule. Mom, you're quiet. Did you get tied up in Moscow Mule, or... I'm concentrating on my job. You're doing a very nice job. So we made a Moscow Mule, but we put blackberries into it. So you take the traditional Mule that everybody loves with the ginger beer. Well, we did that, uh, a little bit of the lime  and the vodka, topped off with the ginger beer.  It's fantastic. Where's yours, by the way?  Is this yours or mine? Yeah. That's mine.  This is yours. All right. Oh, I should know that's yours.  There's more missing. Mm. Those aren't blackberries  from the ranch. But I would like to take all the credit in the world. -They're fantastic.  -Mm. Made a little vinaigrette  right here from, uh, the fronds of the fennel, some garlic, some lemon juice, salt and pepper, a little olive oil. Stack that up. Hit it with a little salt. Do you know that about the throwing the salt on the veggies, how it kinda makes 'em  a little bit -- pulls out some of  the moisture...  Uh-huh. ...and kinda gives them  a little bit -- makes them a little  more toothsome. Okay. So, you know, typically, on a Kiev, which is actually  a French dish, but the Kiev typically has, like, a butter noodle with it. Well, we changed it up a bit. Chives go in here, or there? Yeah. Right on the top of that. And then, also, I've got a little prosciutto that Chives go in here, or there? l just throw Yon top of this,he top of that. nice little salty crunch.  Wow. And then hit some of that --  Is that gorgeous or what? It's so -- And then take some  of the pecorino and drop that over the top.  Okay. All right. Eenie, meenie, miney, mo. Here's one.  Wow. There's mine. Why is my mouth  watering already? Oh, it's fantastic,  beautiful dish. -Is that good?  -Okay. Little bit of the zucchini  and the fennel. Come on over, Mom. Grab one of these. Yum. The whole inspiration  for this dish...  Nice. ...was that this is what she missed when we were in Cuba. We were out there shooting "Triple D," doing all types of adventures. She and my dad were gone one day. They didn't make it to this restaurant. We had this chicken Kiev. I thought it was outrageous. So I said, "Why not make it?"  So let's dig in. Thank you. There you go. All right. I hope I did it right. I'm gonna cut it in the middle,  see what happens. Oh, my God. There you go. Look at that juice. So what you get is you get that Pepper Jack cheese... Wow. ...the butter... Look at this. Or the Pepper Jack cheese, the dill and the parsley  all coming out. It's amazing. We double-battered it, so it really locked in all of the, uh... Oh.  Is that awesome? That's fantastic. It really locked in all that flavor. So as it was cooking, normally, you'd see cheese kind of coming out a little bit. The veggie noodles, huh? Zucchini can play well with others. And the fennel,  thin real -- sliced really thin, hit with that acid. Oh, that's good. But that Kiev, tell me that doesn't make the list. It's awesome.  Good job. That's my mom. Huh? Doesn't get any better  than this, hangin' out in the backyard at the ranch, cookin' it up, drinkin' a little Blackberry Mule with this girl. See you next week, "Big Bite."  Good job, Mom. -Thank you.  -You did great. Look at these. -They stayed together.  -It was fun. Yeah. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 