Guy's Big Bite: Season 16, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Guy's Big Bite 
 s16e6 - Flowers for Mom - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Guy's Big Bite (2006–…): Season 16, Episode 6 - Flowers for Mom - full transcript 
 Guy makes his mom a special cauliflower steak for Mother's Day. The menu also includes prosciutto-wrapped scallops; and a champagne-cantaloupe granita. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  You know, this Mother's Day,  it's a little hard  to surprise my mom. I mean, she's seen all my shows, she's been on all my shows,  been to all my restaurants, so when I think about making her, like, this awesome Mother's Day meal, I mean, what am I gonna make?  Well, I know she wants steak, but you know what, filet,  I've already done that. Tuna steaks,  she's expecting that. So I know what I'm gonna  make her that's gonna rock this Mother's Day,  and that is... my special cauliflower steaks. Grilled till tender, baked with a panko breadcrumb topping, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 served with  a Kalamata olive tapenade, super satisfying, and she won't see this one coming. Next, I'm making my prosciutto-wrapped scallops, served with a buttery white wine sauce, totally out of bounds, and for dessert, how about a champagne cantaloupe granita? An easy, elegant,  refreshing end to a meal. Huh, how sophisticated  did that sound? You impressed? We gonna eat the dessert first? No, she thinks we're drinking champagne, that's the sad thing about this, is I asked her to go get the champagne out of the fridge. We're not even drinking that.  Oh...oh. You see how it's not  really that cold?  Yeah. We are gonna make this granita  that is so out--have you  ever had granita?  Nope. No? She's had everything--  you know, she's had  more things-- 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I make her things, and the way  we kinda know, in our family, if something's gonna  make it to the recipe book  or make it to "Big Bite" is I'll say to my mom  at the end of the meal, "Hey, mom, there's some of that left over--you wanna take some?" "Mmm, not tonight." Then I know I gotta go,  "Yeah, we're rewritin' that." If you wouldn't  mind crackin' that--  this should be interesting. All right, so here's what's happening--my mom, Penelope Ann, the wonderful redhead  that rode 170 miles in Death Valley last year  on her bicycle. Huh, was it 170?  Yeah, about. Two-twenty, 221--watch,  that cork's gonna come  flying out of there. Don't hit it--seriously,  don't shoot it at me, either. Um, dangerous redheads--  so anyhow, what we're doing is we're gonna take  all of this cantaloupe,  about 4 cups of cantaloupe, my mom's gonna  crack that champa-- Mom!  It's not my fault! See, she doesn't mind that she did that, 'cause it's gonna be my dad that has to repair it. All right, so fantastic--mom,  here's what I'd like you to do. Take...that bowl, some of that champagne, and some sugar.  Sugar? Okay. A couple tablespoons of sugar... there you go,  and slowly dissolve. I want you to pour  the champagne--now, I left  the champagne kinda warm so you can just pour  a little bit in. We're gonna let  the effervescence  of the champagne-- big word for me, huh?  Okay. Just like horizons,  I'm gonna broaden my horizons. Broaden your effervescence.  Broaden my effervescence. You guys gotta watch this--  I'm under the gun, I mean, cooking and talking and doing  this all at one time is tough. Doing it with your mom  over there laughing at  your non-funny jokes? Okay, so the cantaloupe goes in, we're gonna puree this. We got the sugar  and the champagne  and the pureed cantaloupe. Freezing it, scraping it,  freezing it again. It's like homemade snow cone  with a lot of flavor. Now, this whole meal  that I'm makin' for you here with my mom really does  have some significance, because the cauliflower steak,  which is kinda like  the center of the meal, was absolutely  my least favorite-- actually, broccoli was my least favorite dish, but cauliflower was a close second, and the reason was is because we didn't roast our cauliflower. Nah, and we did not fry it, no. And we did not...what did  we do with our cauliflower? We had it the healthy way,  we steamed it. Not actually the way  that you're really gonna  win your kids over, with the steamed cauliflower--  although now, I really  enjoy steaming food and steamed cauliflower,  but we had how many? Eighteen, nineteen,  forty-five bamboo steamers? We looked like  a Chinese restaurant. Okay, um...here we go. Give me a squeeze on that. So, little lime juice,  the cantaloupe, the sugar, the champagne,  and this is gonna  make the granita, which is going to be  the bomb, okay? Don't you have one of  those lime squeezers? I don't know what it was, I was just in the middle of talking to you and them and everybody. Okay, we're gonna pour this in-- now what's gonna happen, mom, is we're gonna freeze this,  this is gonna make, like, Italian ice like  you've never seen before. Nice. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna freeze it, and in about 2 hours, we're gonna take it out, we're gonna scrape it, it's gonna kinda crystallize it up a little bit, we'll put it back in the freezer, - we'll do that again-- you got it open? - Uh-huh. Fantastic, there's family teamwork. Thank you so--  I almost spilt it.  That is gonna be so good. Now all we have to do is  put a note on the door  so Ryder doesn't come reachin' in here  and go  and spills all over the place. Okay, you good?  Grab your wine.  Yep. Okay, next up. Now we're gonna make  a tapenade--you know  what a tapenade is, mom? Um, something you put  on top of something. Good enough for me, that's how  I spell it, but it's a T-A. So my mom's traveled all over,  when I was kid, my parents  traveled to Europe. How old was I?  Uh, four and a half. No, the other time--  to Italy and Greece. Oh, you were home,  you were eight.  I was home, that's right,  I didn't get to go. So anyhow, they went to Greece,  my mom's like, "Have you ever been to Greece?" I'm like,  "No, mom, I haven't," she goes, "Oh, you'd really  like it, it's awesome. "You should try going there. That'd be fun." I took 'em to Italy for  my dad's 70th birthday,  it was hysterical. All right, mom, do me a favor--  can you grab this? Grab one of  these little bowls and get me about 1/2 cup  of the red bell pepper  out of there? Okay, now we're making  the tapenade. So we're going with  about 1 cup of the Kalamatas, a couple tablespoons  of the golden raisins, about 1 tablespoon of capers,  roasted red bell peppers, 1/2 cup--all right, in. You take this and just  lightly pulse it and hit it with a little bit  of extra virgin olive oil, and I will grab  parsley and tarragon. Okay, here we go. A little bit of  olive oil in that. Some orange zest--  I don't want a bunch of  orange juice in here, but I do want that flavor.  Right. So that's about  1 teaspoon of that. Lime would be great, as well--  so now we'll just give it  a little pulse. A little bit of olive oil,  you hit it...I think  that's enough, okay? Now we pull this off--  go and grab a spoon  for me, mom? That looks good. Look at that, look at this right here. So what's gonna happen-- give yourself a little taste of that.  That looks great. So what's gonna happen is, we're gonna take this beautiful cauliflower steak that we're gonna make, cutting it out of the center of the cauliflower, we're gonna take it, we're gonna grill it, then we're gonna finish it, putting a little parmesan, a little breadcrumb on top of this. It's gonna be--and then, don't tell her. Everything good, mom?  Yeah. See ya in a little bit--  how was it?  It's good. Too salty?  No, perfect. Welcome back to "Guy's Big Bite". This is my mom-- this is my mom, Penny. What are we drinking, she asks. Well, I want to know what kind. Well, it's red. Zinfandel?  Yes--no, merlot,  but that's fine, good enough. Anyhow, welcome back,  "Guy's Big Bite,"  we're hanging out with my mom, Penny,  the fantastic redhead. I love my mom, she's, uh,  she's the spice of life. She reminds me every day  why we're so, uh, know you, why we're so  fortunate to be where we are. Having a chance to have her on  the show, to me is--it's bliss. The show is awesome,  it's awesome times ten. I'm making  her Mother's Day meal--  now this Mother's Day meal, I was talking about the center  of the plate is going to be  a fantastic steak, and not a filet  and not a tuna steak. We're gonna make  a cauliflower steak. So here's what  we're gonna do--  this is a nice, big, firm head  of cauliflower, mom. You can kind of feel  the density of it. We're picking off  the outer leaves. We're gonna give it a slice  right through the center, and then just take  about an inch, inch and a half,  right in the middle. Now this, we're gonna reserve  to cook down later, but look at this beautiful-- and I want to say intact-- cauliflower steak, huh?  Yeah, that's amazing. And then we're gonna take this,  and we're gonna grill it, and we're gonna hit it  with some parmesan cheese  and some breadcrumbs. So there's one,  let me grab this other one. And when you do this, mom, try to get as big of a head of cauliflower as possible.  Okay. Okay? Okay, a little bit of... olive oil,  just a little drizzle there.  Okay. Let me get this out of the way. Okay nice little drizzle. I'll hit it with some S and P, and then mom, as soon as I hit it, there's some fresh cracked black pepper, and...some salt, if you wouldn't mind taking it and flipping it that side, like that, and then we're gonna  Okay. repeat that process with the salt and pepper, okay?  Okay. All right, so you got that... let me get this into  some kind of compost. We have this huge compost,  because we have this gigantic  garden in the back, um... Pour it out,  and the chickens eat it. And the chickens do eat it. I didn't do  the salt and pepper. There we go-- okay, a little more olive oil, a little more liberal than that, what we're gonna do is grill that on both sides for about five minutes... very nice. I love cauliflower, I mean, if I can find cauliflower on a menu, I'll try it, and this is really a great way-- putting a little grill to it, a little char, and topping it off with a little garlic, giving it that extra punch. I cooked it for my family for Christmas dinner, and having a chance to do it with my mom for Mother's Day was, uh, it was awesome. Okay, look at this, take a look right behind you, mom. This granita right here-- oh, I've got wet fingers.  Oh, that looks great. I'm probably gonna stick to it like "A Christmas Story". - Look at this. - It's beautiful! Okay, grab a fork,  and here's what's gonna happen. So this is the cantaloupe,  the champagne, the sugar, and a little bit of the lime zest-- go ahead and scrape it.  Okay. A little bit of lime zest,  and a little bit of lime juice. So we scrape this up... it's gonna refreeze. Can I lick the fork now? Go right ahead, mom. She was a little disappointed that I didn't have cold champagne for her. Mmm, that's yummy. Okay, so we kind of bring this all up. It's gotta be firm enough that you can do this, and then we have to go back into the fr-- I--I got it. Oh, okay. Mm, this is yummy. What time are we gonna eat? Where's your dad?  I'm watchin' the cauliflower. What have you got goin' on?  I'm watchin' the cauliflower  so we don't burn it. I'm gonna get another fork. So anyhow mom, the reason  we had to let this freeze is so we can scrape it up  like this, and this will  make it nice and light. I can finish that. No, I got it, I got it, I got it... go ahead and finish it.  Okay. You want that? All right...  gettin' worn out on that. Okay, next thing we're gonna  make is we're gonna make a spice rub for some scallops--  I didn't tell her about this, but she heard  when I was whispering,  or someone texted her and said that we're gonna  do this, but I've got  some beautiful scallops. Make a little dry rub  that we're gonna put  on the scallops, but the real key to the scallops is we're gonna wrap it in... guess what? What are  we gonna wrap it in, mom? Bacon?  Bacon, close enough-- prosciutto. Fancy time, it's my mom, it's Mother's Day. Okay, so a little touch of cayenne pepper. How many on--how many minutes  on each side on the cauliflower? Uh, about 5 minutes. See, what's gonna happen, and this is a really great question, mom, here's what's gonna happen is if you just took this and put it in the oven and put this coating on top of it, the coating could burn. This is gonna give it a chance, not only for some great texture, but it's also gonna get it evenly cooked all the way through before we put it in the oven, okay?  Yeah. So in just a minute  you'll flip that--  okay, so paprika. A lot of cayenne.  We'll have this  for breakfast, 'cause it's... It's gonna be outrageous, put that over the...  cauliflower. Oh, the cauliflower  or the granita?  Okay, you're good with that, you can throw it back in the freezer--you good?  Yep. Okay, what else am I--  oh, granulated garlic. Okay, so cayenne, paprika,  granulated garlic. A little salt and pepper. There we go--  where's that salt, mom? Can I have that please?  There we go. You want to take a look at those and see how they're...  Yeah. Grab it right by your hand-- oh, look-it, nice.  Yeah. See that little char?  Yeah. So we'll just move it  to the side there, get a little cross-hatch  on it, okay. And some salt. There we go. Mom, would you mind getting  a fork, a new fork,  and stirring that dry mix up? Okay, while she does that,  let's talk about scallops wrapped in prosciutto. We did a lot of seafood  when I was a kid. Mom, how much--if you said  from the amount of steak, chicken, and salmon we ate  in Ferndale growing up, how many--what was  the percentage of salmon? Oh, like, at least  25 percent, I think. Fifty. See, my parents had this store, and these fishermen would come in with these huge salmon, and my dad would trade 'em a pair of jeans or a hat or boots or whatever it might be, and so we had a tremendous amount of salmon, and actually, my parents are both phenomenal cooks, that's where I got this-- this beginning, but I tell you what.  They can tell that, Guy. I ate more salmon than a grizzly bear. They can tell  I'm a tremendous cook, just... The way you're doing it mom, right now. There you go, you just keep messing with them, go right ahead. Let's get over to the scallops for a second. Okay, look at these beautiful, fresh, tender scallops-- really tender, really delicate, they smell like, um, like sea air.  Yeah. Kind of, just--  you want to take  a bite of them now. And the way  we're gonna cook 'em  is gonna be so light and so delicate  that we're not gonna get  ourselves into a situation where they're overcooked  and they become rubbery. Okay, so we're gonna grab  the scallops. Lay 'em out--can you hand me  a little of that dry seasoning? Just with your fingertips mom,  just lightly sprinkle it  on one side, and then flip it,  we'll sprinkle it  on the other side. Don't want to overpower  the flavor, just want  to accentuate it. So we have this  really beautiful  fresh prosciutto. We grab this beautiful scallop,  lay the scallop down, wrap this prosciutto around it,  roll it right across the top, tucked in underneath, a little bit on top,  Okay. we'll sear it on this side,  we'll sear it on that side, by the time it comes out--  and the sauce, the little  pan sauce we're gonna make, it's outrageous,  so look what we got--  we got a cauliflower steak, we got a granita,  we've got a Kalamata tapenade. We've got my mom, we've got red wine, we're telling stories, and we'll see you  in a little bit on "Big Bite". Welcome back, guys, "Big Bite", hanging out with my mom, the fantastic Penelope Ann, and we are making her Mother's Day meal-- I just gotta get her set up on this. Okay, let me show you a quick little thing-- take this, kinda crush the garlic a little bit, and then, when you chop the garlic up, you're part of the way through.  Okay. Okay? So chop up the garlic,  chop up the parsley, and that's all going together  for this fantastic parmesan cheese  breadcrumb mixture we're gonna put on top of  these cauliflower steaks  that are outrageous. This is actually in honor of  my little sister, Morgan. And you know what's funny is  I got these tattoos-- this is my tattoo  about my sister-- and my mom,  who would never  get a tattoo, rocking the gangster  right there with  the Namaste, okay? All right,  so here's what we got,  we got the cauliflower going, a little salt and pepper,  grilling up there, we're gonna  finish 'em in the oven. My mom's working on the garlic  and the parsley. I've gotta get some...  panko breadcrumbs and some parmesan cheese,  and this is all gonna go on top of  these cauliflower steaks. Outrageous...okay. Now, about 1/4 cup of that. So also in celebration  of my mother, we have made  this fantastic granita---  let me show you this. She did all  the hard work on this. But you have cantaloupe,  champagne, sugar, and a little bit of lime zest  and lime juice all  coming together in this frozen concoction,  we've been scraping it, she's been working  so hard on this-- you're doing awesome,  look at this, all right. So some parmesan cheese,  in there. And also to tie this whole big  Mother's Day meal together, we are going to do  some scallops, which, I gotta fire up  this pan right now. The nice thing  about the prosciutto is  that it was thin enough to allow the heat  to cook the scallop, creating a nice crunch and sear  on the prosciutto itself. Cooking it right is the key,  and a little light pan  sauce to finish it... I...it's some of the best scallops I've ever had. So what do you think of your meal so far, mother?  I can't wait to eat it! Good, can save it.  Smelling good! Okay, here we go, we're gonna  drop a scallop in, super hot, right down on  the scallop itself. So you see that we wrapped it in the prosciutto mom, like this,  Uh-huh. so we're gonna  get a little sear  on the top of the scallop. Right there on top...  okay, grab it. Mm, excellent! One more thing...  It smells so good. I'm gonna hit a little red  pepper flake in to this. Mom, can you bring those down on this side over here?  Mmhm. Okay, now I've said this a bunch of times, and she's not taking a lot of credit for it. Both my parents, my dad,  Jim, my mom, Penny, both phenomenal,  phenomenal cooks. Okay, mom, go ahead and liberally sprinkle that over the top.  Okay. I will set the oven  at a screaming 400. Oh, I want you liberal--  there's a lot of parmesan  cheese in that. Drop that in the oven,  drop it like it's... you don't know the song--  hot, okay. Like you mean it? Oh, hang on, mom, one more  thing, one more thing. Okay. A little drizzle of  some olive oil to help crust up the breadcrumbs. That looks so good. And this with that-- remember the Kalamata tapenade that we made right there? Oh-ho! A little orange zest. Put that on after? Okay, now drop it. Okay. Okay, we got that. Now the scallops-- this pan is hot enough. A little bit of oil, a little bit of butter. Watch out, 'cause it's starting to get a little spatter to it. One more...two more... three more...that's it. Ah! Watch yourself, this is gettin' out of control! When you come back, we're gonna tie it all together. We're gonna put the-- we're gonna pull the-- We're gonna pull the scallops, we'll get the cauliflower out. We'll put the tapenade on,  we'll have some more red wine. It's all celebrating my mom,  happy Mother's Day. See you in a minute-- watch this, it is screamin' hot. Welcome back to "Big Bite"-- cookin' with the redhead. My mom, Penny-- how does it look?  Great! Look at this,  beautiful granita  that we made. Step right over, you know what to do.  All right. Cantaloupe, champagne, sugar,  all together for my mom, this Mother's Day feast--  now what do I have  for you right here? Outstanding scallops  wrapped in prosciutto. I used a little butter  and canola oil to sear off the scallops. Now we'll get a little bit  of white wine in there, just a touch. Whoo! Okay, now we add the fresh herbs. Huh? You impressed?  I like it. Just don't tell Lori  I made that mess,  I'm gonna blame that on you. All right, so some chives,  some parsley. All right,  now what we'll do, take this--  how was that, huh? Pretty exciting? Oh, that--well, yeah. That's how it is cooking  at our house all the time. What holiday is this? I thought it was 4th of July. I'm gonna drizzle this right over the top...beautiful. You get all that flavor from the bottom of the pan deglazed. Later we deglaze the kitchen. A little bit of lemon juice right over the top of that, excellent. Now, this won't have as much fanfare and wow pizzazz as that did, but look at these beautiful cauliflower steaks that we made.  Wow, yeah. Huh?  Those are gorgeous. First we cooked 'em off  on the griddle, put a little mark to 'em,  cooked them evenly  all the way through. then we hit 'em with a little  parmesan, some breadcrumbs. Oh, my goodness,  and this tapenade to go with it... there we are. The tapenade's got Kalamata olives, roasted red bell pepper. How we lookin' on those, mom?  Good, it doesn't-- That's good, I like that.  Yeah. Put a little mint on top.  Okay. Let me show you this tapenade. Kalamata olives,  put a little bit on top. Golden raisins,  a little orange zest,  some capers, roasted red bell pepper... a little tarragon,  a little parsley, huh? Is that beautiful, or what? Thought I would do something  a little bit different. I know she would expect sushi  or there was gonna be  some big steak. A couple scallops on there... nice and dainty, easygoing. Where you at, mom?  Mmhm. Come on over--oh, this is gonna be such a mess--where you goin'? I got some spoons right here--  you got another one?  Yeah. I'm gonna cleanse my palate  a little bit. This is really good. This is awesome. Outrageous. Cantaloupe pureed...  with champagne. I like this.  What do you think? Yeah, this is good.  Okay, now it's time to get  into the big stuff. Mm!  Now I want to see  what you really think. You gonna go scallop  or cauliflower first? Isn't that beautiful? Cauliflower should be so  super tender--look at that. Cut right into it. That is beautiful. Mm. I love that, 'cause it's not mushy.  Dad would love this. It's really, uh, flavorful.  Not oily. What do you think  of the scallop? This stuff's awesome-- I haven't tried it. Oh, my god.  Wrapped in prosciutto, You don't even need a knife.  look at that. Mmhm, it's beautiful. A little translucent right there  in the middle. I almost killed myself  making that pan sauce. Fire...things. Saw that.  Hm? You were so funny running backwards. What do you think of that? Mm, mmhm. That rocks the house. Mmhm, it melts in your mouth. Well, we're all so blessed  to have great moms, and we wouldn't be here  if it wasn't for our moms, so the greatest way  to honor my mom is  to cook a dinner for her, and you cook it with her,  and you know what? Give your mom a big hug--  I love you. I love you, thank you. See you next week on "Big Bite", go get this recipe. Really.  Without the fire. Closed Captions Provided by  Scripps Networks, LLC 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 