Guy's Big Bite: Season 19, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Guy's Big Bite 
 s19e9 - Old School Remix - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Guy's Big Bite (2006–…): Season 19, Episode 9 - Old School Remix - full transcript 
 Guy Fieri reinvents comfort food classics; andouille stuffed brisket meatloaf and smashed fingerlings with BBQ sauce; Guy makes a maple pig cocktail with cherries, whiskey and bacon. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  ♪♪ [ Whirs ]  You know, it doesn't get any more old school  than this -- meatloaf. You know, I've traveled  all over the country. I've seen meatloaf made  with anything you could imagine in more ways  than you could imagine. So I figured  today on "Big Bite," let's go old-school Americana,  startin' off with my Andouille-stuffed  brisket meatloaf. It's got a classic look  on the outside and a flavor-packed  Andouille sausage core. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is so out of bounds. Now, on the side, we've got  smashed fingerling potatoes with barbecue sauce. They're crispy, spicy,  tangy and a little sweet. And I bet you can't  eat just one. Now to wash it all down,  I'm stirrin' up a maple pig cocktail  with cherries, whiskey and bacon.  Yup. Wait till you see  how I make that one. I'm just finishing up right now,  uh, doing the pork shoulder, just a little bit of pork  shoulder to make the Andouille. Thin stripped, as cold  as you can get that pork. Listen, we're making  fantastic meatloaf, why not go ahead  and grind it ourselves? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We have the attachments.  We know we wanna do this. Okay. So now taking  the last little bit out. I'm just gonna leave it set up  'cause I'm gonna be back here in a second doin' it  for the brisket. Okay. We're --  we're talkin' about Andouille, a famous Louisiana sausage. I mean, everybody's  got a recipe. Everybody has a buddy  that made it the best. So we're just gonna start off  with a little kosher salt, some black pepper. We're gonna go into, uh,  a little paprika, little smoked paprika,  sweet paprika. I mean, you're just thinkin'  about flavor city. We'll do a little cumin,  just a touch. A little chili powder,  I mean, yes, we are runnin' through  the spice cabinet. Just a touch  of red chili flake. Just a little bit of cayenne. This, you can take it  as spicy as you want it. Smoked sausage,  Andouille sausage, I mean, all those sausages  comin' outta there, hotlinks. Mm. All right. Let me just get  a little bit of garlic here. Now I've had bad meatloaf. I've had fantastic meatloaf. Wait until you see the style  of meatloaf that we're doin'. I guarantee you, no one will  walk away from the table and not go, "Wow. That was some  flavor-packed meatloaf." Okay.  So diced garlic. So what's gonna happen  is I mix all this together, let all those flavors  come together. And later, we're gonna  form this into a log and set it in the center  of this meatloaf. I know. I know. Just work with me. Okay. So I'm gonna get this down,  let it sit in the fridge. Okay. Let me wash up real quick. The idea was it first started with taking  a whole Andouille sausage and wrapping meatloaf around it. Well, why am I  gonna make a meatloaf that I'm scratch making and then put a processed  Andouille in the middle? I know how to make Andouille.  Can't beat it. Let's talk about doing  potatoes next. Fingerling potatoes,  one of my favorites. When it comes to  doin' this dish, fingerlings are the key. And the reason is the way  we're gonna treat 'em, okay? So let's do this. Grab some water.  Got a pan. You know that we're gonna  start with cold water and cold potatoes. We'll drop in  a little bit of water. Okay.  Fingerlings nice, buttery, thin-skinned,  play well with others. Here's what's gonna happen. I'll drop the potatoes in, already been rinsed off,  dried off, okay? We'll drop these in. And we're gonna add  a lotta salt. And I mean a lotta salt,  like 3 tablespoons of salt. This is just gonna soak right  into the potatoes as they cook. And right when  they get done cooking, let 'em cool a little bit,  and then I'm gonna smash 'em. All right.  Let's talk about panade. Okay. I make meatloaf.  I make meatballs. Panade is one of the --  is one of the centers of it. This is how you get  all the moisture in there or keep all the moisture  in there. So let's just  think about this. The meatball or meatloaf  is cooking. And the fat's starting  to render down. Okay?  The fat's starting to -- to render down  outta the meat. Well, what does it wanna do?  It wants to leave the building. It wants to end up on the tray. And then it wants  to make a dry meatball. But if we put the panade -- So we're gonna take this bread  and add a little bit of, uh, of egg and milk to it. If we take the panade  and mix that in with the meat, well, as the meat starts  to render out its fat, the bread soaks up the fat.  That's my theory. I'm stickin' to it.  Okay. So a nice pullman loaf. I like to make  my own breadcrumbs if I can. So I'm just gonna pulse  this a little bit. We're gonna do some mirepoix  here in a little. But we're just kinda  building the layers of this. And not too much  of the bread, this should be  just about enough. And again, leftover bread,  never throw it away. Keep it dry.  Keep it from molding. Oh, you'll find  something to do with it. Pulse it. [ Grinding ] Yeah. There we go. It was just dry enough  that it would work. You can throw  anything in here. The only thing  I try to do is stay away from any of the breads  that have a real pred-- that have a real  predominant flavor, like a, uh, caraway seed or like a rye bread  or something. Okay. That looks good.  Hang on, one thing. Now getting into this, before I add that panade, gonna get a couple eggs... and some milk. And then I'll add  the bread into it. And the egg's gonna work  as a great binder into this meatloaf. And some milk. Okay. Three-quarters  of a cup of milk. Give that a quick  little whisk. Okay. Here we go. Beautiful, fresh breadcrumbs. Sourdough breadcrumbs  would work awesome right here. Fold that in.  And again, remember, just like when we're making  meatballs, on this meatloaf, we don't wanna sit there  and work it a bunch and try to mix  the egg and the -- and the panade all together  with the meat all together, just gonna make it tough. Okay.  So the panade's done. Potatoes are done.  Okay. Let's get into  grindin' the meat. So let me grab, uh,  let me see here. I've got --  [ Whooshes ] Here's my sirloin  and my brisket. Okay. Make sure that's ready. So there we go,  nice, big piece. Cut it in a strip. Make it a little  bit more manageable. This is the brisket here. Actually, the thinner  I can do it, the better, especially  with that fat cap on top. Okay. Like so. And I -- like I said,  if you have, you know, like, anytime you're trying  to slice something, if you're gonna  have to slice it, if you can have it  a little bit a frozen, especially when it's going  through that little mixer, or, you know, that blade, it's gonna make it a lot easier. So here's the sirloin. Okay. That gets me enough  to get started 'cause it takes a little bit. Okay. Just throw it right on... [ Whirring ] Stand back. Don't have this  aiming at anybody. We drop it right in.  So here's what's happening. We're makin' old-school  meatloaf on "Big Bite." This is not  your ordinary meatloaf. I'll see ya in a bit. ♪♪ Welcome back to "Big Bite."  So I've got this meatloaf that we're gonna stuff  with Andouille sausage. I've already made  the Andouille. And it's sitting down  there in the fridge. And it's gonna be  a free-form. But we're gonna stuff it  right in the middle of it just like it was a big sausage. So over to, uh, the mirepoix. Get a little heat on here. Little olive oil. And I was just right  in the middle of doing this cast  of characters. So you've got this --  onions, celery, carrots. Really nice and easy.  Okay. Move the garlic outta the way. [ Sizzling ] Okay. We'll just add  a bit of salt to 'em to kinda expedite this a bit. Let me just rough chop  some garlic in here. Okay. Garlic's ready to go.  We'll drop that down. And I already hit a little  bit of salt into there. And like I said,  all I'm gonna do is just kinda sweat 'em a bit. Now, let's look  at the potatoes. Fingerling potatoes  in the water. You can see the dried salt  around the edge here. These should be  just about done. Fork tender, perfect. And this is where things  are gonna get weird. Follow me. Bring this over. Go right here. Drain the potatoes. They're not gonna come out.  That's fine. I'll put 'em back in there. But this is where it  gets kinda interesting. Watch this. Bring the sheet tray. Got a little parchment  paper there. I was waiting  for this to happen. Okay. Now drop the potatoes  on to the sheet tray. Nice salt in there. Great flavor already  built into 'em. Like I said, super tender. Gotta kinda spread 'em  out a little bit, not too far to the edge. Drop the parchment paper  on top of 'em. And wait for it... Exactly. Now... they're gonna smash real easy when they're, uh... Voilà. Huh? Winner winner, chicken dinner?  What do you think of that move? Not the spinning the tray thing,  but the other move. Isn't that cool?  So they're nice and hot. They smash easy.  Now we'll just let 'em cool. And we'll mess with 'em  in a little bit. Okay? Drop those back here. Okay. Veggies have had  a chance to sweat. Just sweated these a bit,  took the crunch out. We'll let 'em  just cool down. You know, I'm not  too worried about it. We're gonna cook  this meatloaf right now. So I'm not too worried that these hot veggies  are gonna cook the meat. It kinda poaches a little bit.  That's not gonna be the issue. I just don't wanna  necessarily mix all that in with my hand and have it all be  screaming hot. Okay.  This goes here. And let's bring  the meat up. We'll get a little bit of salt, some black pepper, a little, uh, mustard powder.  Everybody knows this move. Their mom used to do it,  half a cup of ketchup. Now, I make a variety  of barbecue sauces. So this is my bourbon  brown sugar barbecue sauce. That was too bad, wasn't it? A little hot sauce,  whatever your favorite is and depending how spicy you  wanna make this, and a little  Worcestershire of course. That's the right size.  Okay. Gonna mix the meat  up real quick. Little bit there.  Shouldn't start mixin' yet. We'll drop in the mirepoix  with the garlic. That's had a chance  to cool down a little bit. Okay. Now we get the panade  with the milk, the couple eggs. And the idea is to mix this up  as little as possible and get it done  as quick as possible, um, so we don't beat it up  and make it all -- all tough.  Okay. Look at that, though. All that flavor. Mix it as little as possible. Have everything done.  There we go. I think that looks good.  We'll see what it looks like when we dump it  out here onto the foil. Get it all, little bit more. And this is a lot of meatloaf. Don't worry, you'll have  leftovers with this. Wait till you see  how we present it. It's gonna be so cool.  Okay. So now, kinda layin' it out here like this, kinda forming this up  to a rectangle. Got all that  seasoning in there. Okay. Give me a second. That's why I have  the foot pedals. Wash my hands more time  in this one little piece. Now we grab the Andouille. Okay. Look at this. Gonna take this, kinda roll it into a sausage. You got everything,  smoked paprika, sweet paprika, cumin, chili powder,  red chili flake, a little cayenne  all mixed in there. Okay. So now what I'm gonna do is just kinda bring  this over halfway there. Bring this over halfway. Okay, like that. See how we're startin'  to form that together? You pickin' up  what I'm layin' down? Oh, exactly.  Stuffed inside of it. We're gonna cook  the whole thing up. So take this, roll it over,  continue to roll it. There we go. Okay, we're gonna twist  this end up nice and tight, twist this end up  nice and tight. Huh? Right there? On the seam -- Right -- It looks like one big, round,  stuffed meatloaf. Into the oven, 350 degrees.  We'll take it out later, out of the foil,  crisp it up. You're gonna love it.  I got a lot to do. I'll see you in a bit. ♪♪ Welcome back to "Big Bite." Yes, I am canning bacon.  No, I'm not. I'm actually making  some fantastic whiskey with a little thing  we call a fat wash. So I rendered  down some bacon. I've got some whiskey here,  gonna dump it right in. Let this whiskey take on all this fantastic bacon flavor. And then to -- well, to --  to get the fat out of it that I'm imparting flavor  with right now, I'm gonna freeze it. Gonna freeze it  and then I'm gonna strain it. And all that comes together  to make a little bacon whiskey. Okay.  So we got all kinds of homemade goods  goin' on around here. And one of 'em is meatloaf. Let me throw this  in the freezer. One of 'em is meatloaf. And it's comin' out  of the oven right now. Take a look.  Stuffed with Andouille sausage. Did all the grinding myself. Now what I'm gonna do  is just open this up, throw a little  barbecue sauce on it and pop it back in the oven. So it should be extremely hot. That's always fun. There ya go.  That's what I'm talkin' about. Now the great thing is is  by locking it into the foil, by keeping it in the foil,  I had a chance to really lock all the fat  and flavor in there. So as it cooked and the fat's  trying to leave the building, all that panade grabbed it. Now I'm just gettin'  a little barbecue sauce right on top of that. There we go.  Grab this bad boy. Back in the oven -- oven for  about another 30 minutes. Then we're good to go. 350 degrees. Now, I've got some oil  workin' over here already. Making sure  that's at 350. I cooked these potatoes  in a little saltwater, actually heavy saltwater. And now I take 'em,  just start droppin' 'em down. There we go. We use these  fingerling potatoes. So we'll load that up  a little bit. And then we're gonna do  this great barbecue sauce. I don't wanna overload this.  There we go. You can't just  do a French fry. You can't do  a boring baked potato. You can't just  do mashed potatoes, not with a meatloaf that's  stuffed with Andouille sausage. Have to go big. And since we're in the theme  of grinding meats and doing scratch-made  ingredients, why not make our own bourbon, apply a little bacon fat  and bacon, and make a cocktail  out of it? It's the holy trinity. Now I'm gonna make -- Of course, I've got  my own barbecue sauce, my own wing sauce,  a few of these things. But I'm gonna make a little  fortified sauce here that's gonna go with these -- with these, uh, twice-fried  or twice-cooked potatoes. So a little of my wing sauce. Of course, a little hot sauce. Let's see here.  There we go. A little agave  to sweeten it up. And a little more vinegar  coming for some ACB, some apple cider vinegar. And last but not least, you know I'm not gonna  make anything that's spicy that's not gonna have  a little Sriracha. There we go. So you got the sweet.  You got the heat. You got the Guy Fieri  wing sauce. All that together, don't need to cook it  or anything. And it'll keep in the fridge.  All right. Potatoes are down.  Meatloaf is finishin'. We got a cocktail to make.  I gotta freeze some bourbon. Come back.  You're gonna love this. Welcome back to "Big Bite." Yes, making my own  bacon bourbon. What I did is I cooked down  some bacon, took the fat, the bacon,  everything with some, uh, whiskey, let it set up, strained it,  then froze it, got the fat to float to the top.  Now I'm straining it. And this, ladies and gentlemen, is making bacon bourbon, okay? We'll let that  rest right there. Let's make a cocktail. Okay? Now, a little  maraschino cherries, the good kind, okay? You know there's the ones  that are glowing. I don't like to use those kind.  So a couple of those. Get a little bit  of bitters here, little -- little bacon bitters,  we call it. If you don't, just regular bitters'll be fine. But since we're in that bacon theme, little maple syrup. This is the maple pig cocktail. There we go. Touch of some lemon juice. There we go. Okay. A few ice cubes. Give this a little muddle, break those cherries down a bit. Now we'll pour one. I know this is not  the conventional thing to pour it in --  pour it out of. But, uh, throw a little bit  of that bacon bourbon in. Give it a little stir  as to not bruise the bourbon. Okay. Here we go,  right over the top. Beautiful with those  muddled cherries. Give it a little  squeeze of some lemon. And... oh, we're off to the races. I'm tellin' you this, the bacon flavor is so intense. With the cherries  and the bacon, fantastic. All right. So I've got  some fingerling potatoes that are just  finishing on a fry. I've got a barbecue sauce that  I'm gonna toss these in that are just going  to rock your world. I'm tellin' you, this is kind  of like the best of -- of, uh, baked potato, fried potato,  skillet potato, French fries all at once. So we'll take that. Pop the potatoes  right in the bowl. Now, the barbecue sauce  I made with some Sriracha, a little agave,  wing sauce, hot sauce,  all coming together. And that's right over here. And a little sweet,  I hit a little bit of, uh, agave in there to -- to make it nice and sweet. Pour some of this  over the top. Give that a quick  little toss. Oh, yeah.  Tons of flavor. This is kind of like, uh,  Vegas fries at my restaurant but just in a little bit  different form. Get a few of these out  with some of the sauce. You'll wanna make that sauce on  the side, make a little extra. It'll keep in the fridge.  Okay. Now to the star  of the show. It all started  about the meatloaf. I was sayin', "How do you make fantastic meatloaf?" I've had meatloaf a million  definitely ways. What I did is first,  I made Andouille sausage. I ground my own pork, uh,  did all the spices, smoked paprika, sweet paprika, cumin, chili powder,  red pepper flake. You name it.  Everybody was in there. Let that come together with some  great flavor and some garlic. Then I ground  my own sirloin and brisket. And I just want you to see...  Nice and easy. Still nice and warm. Stuffed it inside  of this brisket and sirloin meatloaf  with this panade. And tell me that  doesn't look dynamite. And it's nice and light  and tender and falls apart. That's what we're lookin'  for right there. Mm. I mean, if you're gonna go  to the point and eat -- If you're eatin' meatloaf,  if this is what's on the menu, then it should look like this. And I know how much fat,  and I know exactly what I put in there  'cause I made it. It's sweet and tender  on the outside. As soon as you get  in the middle, that Andouille's got  tons of spice. It's a little bit more firm. Got some mirepoix  and some garlic. And that panade holds it  all together. Mmm.  That's how you do meatloaf. You'll love this.  When you're out at the ranch, this is what you  should eat -- this is what you  should be eating, that along with  a little bacon bourbon. See ya next week. That is killer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 