Guy's Big Bite: Season 12, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Guy's Big Bite 
 s12e11 - Beef and Rice and Everything Nice - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Guy's Big Bite (2006–…): Season 12, Episode 11 - Beef and Rice and Everything Nice - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ Closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc. Captioned by closed captioning services, inc. One of the questions people ask me all the time-- "guy, how did you end up the way you are?" Well, you met the crazy redhead, my mom penny. Well, the other half of the story is this cat, my dad Jim. You know, my motto with him is "if you build it, they will come." He's, uh, he's built my house. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Right. He's built a bunch of my restaurants. As a matter of fact, we're even building a chicken Coop right now, but it's not about chicken today. No, today we're rocking it with a bacon wrapped tenderloin roast. I roll up a juicy beef tenderloin with strips of bacon, top it off with a house-made whiskey peppercorn sauce-- outrageous. And then my spin on classic steak house sides. First, my garlicky creamed kale, bubbling over with parmesan cheese, and second, my crispy portobello mushroom fries covered in golden panko breadcrumbs. Okay, so the first thing we're gonna start with, pops, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 is you're gonna get some plastic wrap. Now I gotta tell you, if you think about these crazy recipes that you see on "big bite," and you think about all this food in this style, it came from this guy. See, when I was a kid, he would play this little game with me. Like, he'd go, "all right, there's some chicken "in the fridge, and you get to pick three ingredients out of the, uh, cupboard. Go ahead and grab 'em." And he'd grab one already for me--like, "honey." Like, what am I supposed to do with honey? "And some ramen noodles. There you go. Good luck. Make us something." But the creativity that he taught me was really to make the menu about what's fresh and what's available versus getting your mind set on one thing. So, dad, what I got is some plastic wrap out there. There's the tenderloin, and here's some bacon. The town that we grew up in-- my parents moved from whittier, California, up to, uh, up to ferndale, this little town-- the victorian village up by Eureka in northern California. And so anyhow, my parents move all the way up there, and they open up a Western store and a leather shop. Well, my dad just couldn't be settled with one project. He had to do all these different projects. Okay, you take that. Start laying the bacon down. I'm gonna go over here and season the tenderloin. Um, a little kosher salt. By the way, I've never got the story. How did you pick ferndale? Uh, I don't remember. (Laughs) That's compelling TV. Yeah. All right, a little cracked black pepper, some kosher salt on this beautiful tenderloin. The great thing about the tenderloin is the yield is huge. Besides taking off a little bit of fat, dad, or a little bit of silver skin, uh, this thing's ready to rock 'n' roll. And what we're gonna do with it is it's rolled around in the salt and pepper. How are you looking on that? Give me a break here. Give me a break here. Quit jabbering so much. Oh, well. Glass of red wine--oh, you want to hear another funny story? So my dad--my kids have their lunch stuff over here in these cupboards right here, okay? So they've got their chips, and they've got their nuts, and they've got their crackers and stuff they take. But he comes in here like yogi bear and starts digging for a "pic-a-nic" basket. So the kids hide their stuff. Left me a note. Left him a note-- "it's not here." All right, you good? Yeah. Now check this out, dad-- gonna drop this right in here. There's not a lot of fat in the tenderloin, so we're gonna fortify it with the fat. What were you calling it the other day--larding? Larding. Okay, so what we're gonna do here is get this rolled over once. See how my dad overlapped each piece of the bacon? That's so when the bacon starts to shrivel up, when it starts to cook and render down the fat, it's not gonna be a bunch of separated pieces. We roll this up. Look at that--gorgeous. Now here's where it starts to get weird. Oh, it's gonna get weird, man. I'm gonna roll it back over this plastic wrap, dad. And the idea behind this is, is the bacon's cool now. The tenderloin's cool, but I want it to get really cold because I want to make sure that that bacon adheres to the tenderloin. This is compelling. (Laughs) He is on the edge. Ooh, he smiled a little bit there. Yeah, I like this. All right, dad, so you take this. You throw that in the fridge. While he throws that in the fridge, I'm gonna get some water. Great. Now big stockpot here. And you can take the kale over there if you don't mind. Get the stockpot full. We're gonna work with some kale. We're gonna make some creamed kale. Now I don't know about you, but, I mean, I'm a big fan of the collard greens, any of these big, deep green rich vegetables, and this is a little bit of a spin. This is kind of like, you know, an all-out menu. We're talking about creamed kale. We're talking about portobello mushroom fries, and, of course, some tenderloin. That's enough water. All right, dad, one thing that I want everybody to know is that you were in the Navy and you're on a submarine. So give me one culinary submarine story I haven't heard, 'cause I've heard 'em all. Well, you didn't set me up for this, so how am I gonna come up with one that you didn't hear? (Laughing) On the way out, we, uh, we kept all the potatoes in the, uh, the shower, and on the way back, we kept all the garbage in the shower. Because space was limited. Because we didn't take many showers. All right, my dad and I are working the kale, hanging out. This is a big treat. Never get him to come and do these gigs. But we're making it. We're doing a fantastic tenderloin wrapped in bacon. We're gonna work some kale. Come back-- portobello fries. Hanging out with my pops Jim. See you in a bit. ♪♪ (Whistling) Aha. Welcome back to "big bite." Take a look at that-- tenderloin wrapped in bacon. Oh! Well, my dad's here cooking with me... Not so much. He's off checkin' at the chicken Coop. No, really, we're building a chicken Coop. Big ol' herd of chickens. It's not a herd of chickens, right? Flock of chickens? Anyhow, he's out there checkin' on that. In the meantime, I'm gonna get started with this. I've got a beautiful tenderloin here that's been trimmed down. There's no silver skin, no fat really left on it. Salt and pepper. And you want to talk about fantastic flavor-- but there's not a lot of fat, so we're kind of fortifying it with some of the fat here of the bacon. And I've got my cast-iron skillet crankin'. I'm droppin' just a bit of oil just to kind of get things started. And what I'm gonna do is take it, seam side down-- that's where the bacon all kind of met. Drop it right in. Ho ho! I'm gonna sear both sides. You're all the way around it. And then pop it in the oven, 375 degrees for--i don't know, say, till it's 125 degrees inside-- nice medium-rare. Let it rest a little bit. Serve it with this awesome peppercorn sauce with cream and a little, uh, a little whiskey in there. You gonna start without me? Why didn't you call me? Exactly. How's the chicken Coop? How's the wine? (Laughs) It's not a barter. Help yourself. Chicken Coop's fine. This chicken Coop is so big. Lori looked out there the other day, and she goes, "oh, building another garage." I said, "no, that's a chicken Coop." She goes, "when did we get in the chicken business?" How many chickens are we gonna have? Exactly. All of 'em. Wait till you see this thing, though. It has a little door. This is the truth. When the--at night, there's a little electric door on a timer, right? Right. 'Cause he says, "i can't count on you or those kids "to go out there and put those chickens away, and the chickens will all be missing." Is that what happens? Yeah, got a lot of raccoons here, possums. Yeah. Possum--yeah, my buddy possum. Yeah, possum will get 'em. Yeah. All right. So, dad, what happened is I took the beef tenderloin that's been wrapped in the bacon. You did the bacon, searing on that one side. Um, did you pour me some wine? No, you didn't ask me. It's a tough room today. So he busted out all the kale, took it off the stem. Watch it. Watch it. Oh, look at the wine you pull out, too. A little Bob corbell special there, huh? You like that? I like it. Oh, good. Okay, uh, I've got some boiling water. Salt the water-- or salt the whole counter is actually what I did. Get a little more salt in there, and we're gonna cook down this kale, cook down these greens. I love collard greens. I love any of these big, rich, super-flavorful, great-texture vegetables that we can get. So we'll get this in here, let it cook down until its super tender, and we're gonna make a cream sauce to go with it. But I'm gonna give my dad a project. All right, pops. This is mine? Not yet. Take that one. Did you drink out of it? Yeah, but it's still... No, that's not the way it works. All right, to go along with this fantastic meal that I'm making for my father before I have him tell you about the canoe trip--huh-- uh, we've got some portobello mushrooms. Now these beautiful portobello mushrooms, dad-- you can take a clean cloth and kind of give 'em a little wipe there on top. Make sure that there's no field debris. And then right in here in the gills, grab a, uh, a spoon and very gently pull those gills off. And then that'll make sure that there's no other field debris that might be stuck inside there. I don't really think we have to get into washing them. And then what we'll do is when we peel all this off, we'll cut 'em into slices, dredge 'em--panko breadcrumbs, and make these, uh, kind of, like, portobello fries. What is that field debris? Field debris? Yeah. Dirt and hay and manure. We--i grew up in a little town called ferndale I've told you about. We had it all-- horses, pigs, cows, sheep, the whole thing-- never had chickens, though. And, uh, I was a stall-cleaning machine. Was I not? Yeah, you were. Yeah, you were. (Laughs) What a burn. All right, while he's doing that, I'm gonna get a little garlic going for this creamed kale. So a few pieces of garlic. Excuse me. Do you want to hear about the canoe trip? No, don't--let's not talk about the canoe trip. I'm gonna tell 'em about the canoe trip. So it's father's day. Hunter's 5 years old. My dad and I and hunter are gonna go on a canoe trip here in Santa rosa on, uh, the Russian river. So we go down, and we, uh, rent our canoe. Is he listening? I'm listening. I'm listening. I want to get to the part about the sandwiches. So we pack a lunch, put it in the cooler, the whole thing, we rent the canoe over there at Burke's canoes-- really nice people-- get the canoe, life jackets on-- the whole thing, and we go down. They said, "by the way, as soon as you start in this canoe, "when you come to this first corner, "you really gotta paddle hard. Don't get shoved into the bushes 'cause if you do, you might get knocked over." Well, two experienced canoe veterans like us from Ruth lake-- we're never gonna dump over. Well, you go ahead and tell. Let me tell it the way it really was. Guy upset the canoe. His son gets all bummed out about this. I did not. They told us when we went around this corner to watch out because you're gonna come into that first turn, and if you don't really keep that canoe off the-- off the bushes, you're gonna flip. Yeah, and then you flipped it. Sandwiches fell out. Sandwiches went down. Right. Hunter fell out. Hunter's screaming. You're under the canoe. I sent hunter to get the sandwiches, and that's when he freaked out. He thought he should have been safe. He's 5, okay? Everything--it looks like a yard sale going down the Russian river. He's telling hunter, "go get the sandwiches"-- worried about. But it was truly a memorable event. And the wind went against us, and so we had to drag the canoe down the shore. Anyhow, continue on your mushrooms. All right, so I just flipped the beef tenderloin wrapped in bacon. We're gonna hit the other side-- nice little crust building up there. Over to this side, with that, uh, with that butter in, and a little bit of the garlic, thin-sliced the garlic. Dad, right behind you or right underneath you there is some heavy cream. Want to hand that to me? Okay, so here's the idea-- I've got the kale down, the heavy cream, garlic, butter--all gonna reduce-- make this fantastic sauce to go with the kale. The tenderloin's working. I'm gonna pop that in the oven at 375. Let it finish out. And when we get back, my dad and I are gonna make some portobello mushroom fries. I mean, if he'll let me help him... No, no. Just jump right in. You know, 'cause I'm the one that overturned the-- yeah, thanks a lot. See you in a little bit. (Guy) My dad's my hero. I want to be to my kids the way my dad's been to me-- very supportive, very constructive, lets me do my own things, always encouraged me in what I wanted to do. When I started cooking at a young age, now he just didn't clap his hands and say, "well, that's really neat. Good luck." He really got involved and really participated with me. I'm a huge fan of both my mom and dad, and I really attribute a tremendous amount of how I am from them--the good, the bad, and the crazy. As soon as cowboy shows up, it must mean the steak's almost done. This is kind of like your time clock. We don't need any timers around here. As soon as the dog starts sniffing around the oven, we know it's time to go. Hanging out with my dad Jim. He's working some portobello mushrooms. And we are cooking up a feast. We're gonna make some portobello mushroom fries. I've got this fantastic beef tenderloin wrapped in bacon downstairs and a little cream sauce over there for some kale which we'll get to in a second. But while I have my dad for free labor, which has kind of been my entire life, uh, we are going to make a little dredging station. Let me tell you a story. You with me, dad? Yeah. You back there? Sure. My parents, I think, probably sacrificed all of the great things they would have wanted to do in life for my sister Morgan and I. And one of the things we used to do is go up in the marble mountains-- go up packing on those horses. I was telling you about that. And we did some great cooking. We would make meals out of whatever we had with us, and it was outstanding. It was one of the greatest culinary processes, but I will tell you a story. Now remember the one where we loaded up all of the belongings that we had, all the food items that we had in a tarp, and kind of made it look like the beef tenderloin. And we put a rope over one tree and a rope over the other tree, and if the horses pulled correctly, it lifted all of our belongings into the tree, so... So the horses pulled correctly... Right. And then the bears came in the middle of the night. Your uncle Pete wakes up. He's screaming. Okay. But part of the story that he's being nice and not telling, and that is that part where my dad says, "now when you take take that rope "and you throw it over the tree "and you tie that around your saddle, "make sure that when you pull that you really have it wrapped "around your saddle. Otherwise, one horse is gonna pull his end up into the tree, and yours is gonna fall." I thought i knew it all. I didn't wrap it around my horn correctly. We hoisted all the stuff up into the air, and it came out the bottom kind of like a piñata. But I'm talking a piñata of ten coolers and sleeping bags and all the goods. Not--not so good. Okay, a little salt and pepper into this. Uh, dad, could you grab me the flour right down there if you would, please? Some paprika. Normal dredging station. And a little garlic powder. We're gonna hit the flour. There we go. We'll salt and pepper this. Give it a little stir. So, dad, the way i want you to go with it-- you got it. Kind of set it up over here. You got this? I got it, I got it. Okay, let's go down here and make some cream sauce. Okay, so what we've got in here is some garlic, about 3 cups of heavy cream. Letting this reduce down to make this garlicky creamed kale. Just some parmesan cheese. A little pepper, some salt, and my oldest piece of culinary equipment, my nutmeg grinder. If you're gonna do the nutmeg, do it fresh-ground. I mean, you just can't beat this flavor, okay? There we go. We're into this. Give it a little stir. We've reduced down nicely. Now I've got this kale to cook for about, I don't know, 12, 13 minutes in some salted water. We're gonna drop that in. All right, now i gotta check on my dad. How are these coming? Pretty good. Nicely done. That's good. When you get those in there with the portobello, give it a little press. Like, this one's perfect 'cause it's got a nice crunch-ification to it. If you just do it too light, by the time you move it two or three times, it shakes off. Look at me giving my dad culinary tips. All right, dad, look at this-- the star of the show... (Grunts) Beautiful--i know, don't kick the oven door with your foot. I know the rule. It's your door. You can do it now. Um, so check this out now. What we've got here is the tenderloin wrapped in the bacon. We're gonna pull it out. Medium-rare, 125 degrees. But now we've got all this fat, all these drippings in the bottom of the pan. That's where all this big flavor is. So I'm gonna grab some shallots, a little bit of garlic, and a knife. Okay? We'll get the shallot in first. Let me position myself here. Dad, as soon as you think you've got enough of those ready to go, you can go ahead and start dropping them in the oil, okay? So get a little bit of shallot. Peel off that skin. If you think that that's gonna be tough, just take it a little bit further. Don't put in that skin that's gonna be really tough. It'll never cook down down the right way, okay? There we go. In the shallot. Pan's not quite hot enough. We'll add a little bit more heat to it. Same thing with a little bit of garlic. But you should smell the flavor coming out of this pan. There we go. Now it's starting to open up. Now this is what's gonna make this sauce really unique-- some peppercorns, some green peppercorns to be sure about that. So what's a green peppercorn? Well, it's a black peppercorn that didn't have a chance to turn into a black peppercorn because it's been brined. So we're gonna take some of these. You'll see that fat starting to work those shallots and the garlic-- all that flavor on the bottom of the pan. So we'll get some of these peppercorns in there. Let those start to open up. While that happens, a little whiskey. Where you wandering to? Washing my hands. Good, three sinks. Okay, this is all happening now. This is the real key here. We're gonna deglaze the bottom of this. In with a little whiskey, a little Jack. See, that burns off. There we go. So what I gotta do next-- add a little cream. We're gonna fry up some of the portobellos. It looks like the kale's ready to go. This is resting. We'll slice it up, come back, and my dad and i are having a feast if we don't burn the house down. See you in a minute. You got yourself a beautiful beef tenderloin, which needs some love, so why not wrap it in bacon, slow-roast it to get a perfect medium-rare and then build just a ridiculous sauce with peppercorns, whiskey, cream, garlic, and put it all together. It's the perfect storm. Creamed spinach, get out of the way. Take a look at that. That is a garlic kale creamed masterpiece. That's the way to go. How are these coming out? Great. Great. Perfect. So my dad took some portobello mushrooms, cleaned 'em up, sliced 'em into some fingers, went into a flour dredge, then an egg wash, and then into panko that's got a little paprika in it, Italian seasoning. And these bad boys-- look at that. Nice and crunchy. (Crunches) Mmm. Hot! Hot. You knew that. I didn't know it was that hot. Oh, was that the one you just took out? Over here. Okay. Now I've got a sauce over here that I made with shallots, garlic, peppercorns. Cooked it off with a little Jack Daniel's, then hit some beef stock, some cream, just mounted it with some butter, but the whole key to this is the green peppercorns, that real distinctive flavor that you get. Mount this nice here. Oh, the sauce is gonna be fantastic. I think I've got enough right in here. Get some sauce scooped up. And my dad's finishing those fingers up. We've been talking about stories and going to the marble mountains, cooking together. And as I tell everybody and I say it in my cookbook, "this is the guy that taught me." You gotta be able to adapt and overcome when you're cooking 'cause you never know what's gonna happen. So a little bit of that dynamite sauce, the peppercorn sauce we made there. I'm gonna slide you out of the way. Grab a pair of tongs. And look at this. We took this tenderloin, salt and pepper, wrapped it in bacon... Cooked it in the cast iron first, just put a nice sear on it, then put it in the oven, 375 degrees. And tell me that is not a beautiful medium-rare to medium-- and the bacon to go with it. There we are-- another one. Pops, you doing good? Yeah. Yeah, we're great. Okay, so let me give you a little serving here. You know, creamed spinach is too soft. I want the texture. I love kale. We grow kale in the garden outside, so this is a perfect way to celebrate that. Give you a couple of these bad boys. I got 'em. I got fingers of steel. There we go. Serve it up like that. Dad, come on in here. Lay a piece of this down with the bacon. Nice medium-rare, finishing off in the oven. You see that? Finish off in the oven. You can almost guarantee to get the temperature you want. And then we finish it here with some of the green peppercorn sauce. Put a little beef stock in there to kind of carry it along so it isn't all cream. You hiding these from me? You were hiding 'em. No, take it. Take it. Take it. Take it. All right. What do you think? Good? Get a little bite. Tell me what you think. Just cutting into it right now, I can tell you it is super tender. Very good. A little bacon from it. The portobello fingers are dynamite--and this. Let me try that kale. Creamed kale. Well, I was just talking about it a second ago. Dad, you're my hero. You're the dad I want to be to my kids. And the way you taught me to do it and appreciate it and cook fresh-- this is the result. That's how-- the marble mountains. I remember it, you know? Just like this. Just like when we went camping. See you next week on "big bite." That's the way i remember it. If that's the way you want to remember it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 