Guy's Big Bite: Season 7, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Guy's Big Bite 
 s7e20 - Totally Tempting Tostada - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Guy's Big Bite (2006–…): Season 7, Episode 20 - Totally Tempting Tostada - full transcript 
 Fall in love with Popeye's ideal food with Guy's "Spinach Converter" menu, including spinach-and-bell-pepper patties topped with sautéed shrimp and vegetables; creamy wild rice; and papaya caipirinhas. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You know, I like it hot... I like it cold. I like it by itself, i like it in a sandwich, just on a plate. I like a little bit of it, i like a lot of it. I like it if you make it, i like it if I make it. I like it if your mom makes it. Yeah... what is it? You're right, corned beef. And today I'm introducing my Irish Linguini. It's brimming with sauteed cabbage 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and shredded corned beef, all coated in a tangy-mustard Irish cheddar sauce. Next, my beet salad with goat cheese stars Ruby red beets, roasted and sliced, served with goat cheese rounds that I coat in pine nuts. It's all served over plenty of greens. Finally, I end this festive meal with a frosty glass of my stout milkshake. Thick with chocolate ice cream, it's the perfect balance of sweet and malty. If only Saint Patty could see this one. So to start off this great corned beef pasta dish, I've gotta have a great salad. And what's that gonna start with? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Believe it or not, beets. Now I gotta tell you, just like you, I know someone's going, "aw, beets, come on, big bite. "Can't we just have, like, a salad with blue cheese "and crunchy-crunchy?" Well, these beets are gonna make you a fan of beet salad, trust me. Okay, so just rinse 'em off a little bit and bring 'em over here. Okay, I want 'em a little bit wet. I'm gonna wrap 'em in tinfoil in a second, but actually I need to just cut off the stems. Trim these off, have 'em rinsed. Some tinfoil in a preheated oven at about 400 degrees, okay? Look at that, look at that beautiful color. Okay, get some tinfoil. Now I'm gonna double up this tinfoil just so I don't have a little accident there and snag it. You know, sometimes you'll be putting tinfoil on there and you snag it on the rack, so we double this up. If you're lucky enough to have some of that industrial-strength stuff, maybe you don't have to do this. Down like that. Uh, pepper. Salt... uh, let's see here. A little olive oil, of course. And let's pop a couple pieces of... Dinner is served. Little bit of crushed garlic. There we go. And how about some thyme? That seems like a good amount. Okay, so what's gonna happen? Well, kinda wrap them up like this. Close the top up, kinda like we're roasting garlic, kinda like that idea. Don't wanna put too much pressure on it. Don't wanna poke a hole in it. Bring it over to the oven, 400 degrees, about an hour. Bring 'em out, let 'em cool down, slice up nice. Okay, there we go. That's the beginning of this, and I really am... I'm not kiddin' ya. Talk about Saint Patty's day, you talk about any day. I'm actually hurt that it's only Saint Patty's day that they really talk about corned beef being this big deal. To me, it should be an everyday thing, breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Um, okay, some cabbage. Some butter in Abe Lincoln's butter dish, and let me see here... Two carrots. Oh, I gotta grab some dry herbs out in a second. Okay, there we go. Do a little preheat on this pan. Now this right here is where I'm going to make this delicious corned beef pasta dish, actly, some carrots off and some cabbage. You'd expect to find that in just some corned beef when you go and have it as a corned beef dinner, right? So why not? So we'll cut these up. Actually, you know what? I'll cut these up just a bit smaller. Yeah, you wanna be able to see it in there, but I don't wanna be fightin' with it. This isn't a corned beef dinner, it is actually a pasta, so I gotta make 'em so that they're more manageable. Okay, these go down, get those coated. Let's get some cabbage in. Aw, this is my favorite part, actually. Cabbage is actually what kinda turned me onto Brussels sprouts. I was never a Brussels sprouts fan, I think, because they were cooked the wrong way. I think they were put in the water and got too soft and too mushy. But let's just get some cabbage sliced up so it'll break down nicely. And what I wanna do is, i wanna cook this cabbage so it almost starts to caramelize. And you really get some really neat, deep, rich flavor outta that. Okay. Cabbage goes in, that'll break up. And again, you use it in the amounts that you like. This would also be a great dish to do over some mashed potatoes. You could almost do a corned beef Shepherd's pie. Let me write that down. Okay, some pepper and some salt. All right. So far, so good, right? I know you're thinking about that milkshake -- so am I. That would've been the way to start this off, is go milkshake first, have something to drink as we work through this event. Now let's talk about making some croutons. Nice big piece... I got a nice baguette sitting over here. Let me grab a couple items -- some red chili flake, some granulated garlic, some oregano, and dried basil. You know, pick what you got. So we get that loaded up. It gets, um, balsamic vinegar and some olive oil. That'll be some nice flavors going with this. The beets are gonna have a real nice, deep, rich flavor. I wanna complement that but not overpower it. So get some dried oregano in. I got that bottom oven preheated at 350 to do this. Some red chili flake. Granulated garlic works great in this. I get a little leery about putting garlic into making croutons. Now I do it sometimes here on "big bite," but I smash that garlic out. This here, granulated, because i wanna go fast with this one. Some granulated garlic in, and how about a little dried basil. Okay. There we go. Where's the dragon dagger? There we go, look at that bad boy. We'll just give it one more on this side, one more on that side. Aw, is that a good bread knife, or what? Get these cut up. Okay, now the salad... This whole beet salad idea, we do one at Johnny garlic's, and that's where we've done a lot of beet conversions, people that don't think they're a fan of it. But this goat cheese Patty that's gonna go along with it, oh, it just makes it. It's actually one of those items that you can convert over into other salads. Okay, get that in. Stir it up a little bit. You can fortify it with a little bit more olive oil if necessary, but look at that. Look at all those great flavors getting onto there, especially that red chili flake. It'll really come through nice with the vinegar. Okay. There we go. Okay, so here we go. I'm gonna lay the croutons out, get them on a pan, drop 'em down at 350, let 'em go for a bit. Flip 'em halfway through. I've started my carrots and my cabbage. Come back, we're gonna get some corned beef into that. We're gonna start working on the beets. It's gonna be a great time. Shouldn't only happen just one day a year. Today the whole year is Saint Patty's day. See you in a minute. Welcome back. All right, I was stirrin' up my cabbage and my carrots, and I had to do those carrots a little bit larger when I put it with that cabbage because it takes some time for that cabbage to cook down. And if I did those carrots just on a thin slice, like we usually do in a saute, they'd be mush city by the time that cabbage was done. Just wanted to kinda tell you what was going on there. Uh, let me get some shallots and some garlic into this and proceed on with this great dish. Now this is a dish that my brother... We call him "Jimmy Mac." He's not really my brother, but he's like my brother. Jimmy McAllister, he's a man that would like to have this entire dish himself. So this is a little dedication to Jimmy Mac. And he hates it when we call him "Jimmy Mac." When you got a name like McAllister, you gotta get something. "McAllister" is just too long to saokay, shallots in, and let me get a little bit of garlic with that as well. Still got some more time on the cooking process of this, so I'm not too worried about getting this garlic and shallots super-small. They're gonna sit there and go low and slow for a bit. They'll have a chance to really mellow out and get nice and soft. There we go. And fresh garlic, it's the only thing... I know you hear me talking about it like a broken record here on "big bite," but I gotta tell you something. It just changes. When somebody else grinds it up for you, when did they grind it and where did they grind it, and what did they put with it to make it stay safe in that jar? So there's my little piece, do it yourself. Okay, toss. Let's go shoppin' and grab a couple things. Actually, let me clean this off. Okay, what do we need for this? Well, we definitely need to get that corned beef out. There's my corned beef. Don't ask about the package being open or anything. I wasn't picking at it at all, I promise. And some pine nuts. Okay, now I don't... The deli, every time. I believe that's actually shipped in straight from Katz's deli in New York. Okay, let me get a little heat, there we go. Okay, we're gonna toast up these pine nuts. These you're gonna get a nice little brown... When you take a pine nut, they're good just like this. But when you toast 'em, boy, do they get great. They get real nutty, they get real buttery. So I'm gonna toast 'em a little bit, cool 'em down, and then make some nice goat cheese patties with 'em that are gonna go on that beet salad. Speaking of which, i got beets in the oven now with a little garlic and some thyme, some salt, pepper, and olive oil, and they're all hanging in there. They're gonna roast and get nice and soft. Cool 'em, slice 'em, put 'em on the salad, it's gonna be money. Look at this, oh. Just take a moment to yourself. I mean, look at it. Why does it get called corned beef? Well, actually corn has... I'm just tastin' it to make sure it's okay. Corn has nothing to do with this. It was actually the salt that was used to preserve it. It was actually as big as corn kernels, so that's where the "corning" idea... Or that's one of the stories that I heard. It's got a pickling spice with everything from red chili flake and bay leaves, peppercorns, to juniper berries. It's all in there. A little coriander in there as well, and some salt. Now I've been to places on triple "d" that are brining this, or corning this, for two weeks, three weeks, and they're rotating the batches. Then it's steamed. Now you can take it and just kinda switch gears a little bit. Rub it in some black pepper and smoke it, well, then you get into pastrami. But brisket is the cut that's used. Oh, and is it delicious, or what. Let's get this into the... I just feel bad. I feel like I should save myself... Next time, two packages. Look at all that corned beef going in there. And I'm not worried about breaking it up. There's so much moisture in there. That'll help kinda steam it a little bit and break it down. Wow, that's good. Okay, get that into recycling. Move this around a little bit, keep an eye on my pine nuts. Okay, let's get into making this dressing for the salad. Some Mayo... Uh, I've got two kinds of dijon, but I'm just gonna go with the straight-up dijon, and I've got some tarragon. There it is, dried tarragon. You don't see that every day, do ya? So a little dried tarragon, some dijon, some Mayo. A bowl, a fork, and... Ah, this whole mess right here. Look at that -- olive oil, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, and worcestershire sauce. So let me get in with a little dijon. This is always nice. Not only just great for flavor, but a real nice emulsifier. A couple of tablespoons of the tarragon. Aw, it smells great, there we go. Get in some Mayo. Actually, did I get everything on my fork already? I hate when people do it to me, when they go with the must so I won't do it to anybody. There we go, um, we get a little rice wine vinegar. Gotta have a little vinegar bite to it. A touch of some worcestershire, real deep flavor in this, and this is gonna be a pretty robust dressing. Just a touch of some soy. Let me get some black pepper and a little touch of salt in there. And where's my olive oil? There we go. Okay. Oh, I like where that's goin'. I like where that's goin' big-time. And that tarragon hasn't even opened up yet. Remember, it's dried, so it's gonna take a little bit of time to bring those flavors out. So I got my dressing handled, I've got my corned beef going with my cabbage and my carrots, and the last thing i need to grab are my croutons. So don't go anywhere, come back and check this out. It's gonna be one dynamite meal. There they are -- oh, they're not burned. See you in a minute. These bad boys are hot. Bunch of beets in there with some thyme, garlic, a little olive oil, some salt, and pepper. And we'll just let them hang. This thing is cookin'-hot. So roasted those beets, gonna let 'em cool down, slice 'em up, and pop 'em into this money salad. I got some dressing made with some tarragon right there, but let's talk about the star of the show -- my buddy, the corned beef. Carrots and cabbage all in there, little bit of garlic. And the corned beef, oh, that's lookin' dynamite. Let's get the rest of the ingredients for this. Um, some heavy cream... I need the goat cheese here in a second. Uh, some more mustard, i already got some out there. Some white wine and... Oh yeah, horseradish. Okay, you talk about big, bold flavors in a pasta dish, this is gonna be it. How could you re-create corned beef and cabbage, all of that that's going on, do it in a pasta dish, and really give it good service? I'm gonna show you how. Okay, that goes there. Deglaze this with a little white wine, and then take a little... No, I'm just kiddin'. Okay. I'm gonna get some mustard into this. We're gonna put a little bit of the whole grain. It's got the nice mustard seed, real identifiable in this dish. So put some of the whole grain in. We'll get some of the dijon, which gives that real recognizable mustard flavor, kind of gets you in the nose a little bit, in the palate. And of course, you can't do it without a little bit of strong horseradish, a little prepared horseradish. And we'll put about a tablespoon of that as well. So we kinda mix these bad boys into that wine. Oh, you should smell it right now. I mean, it smells like corned beef sandwich. And to kinda spread all that delicious flavor all around, we'll get in with some heavy cream. Now if you don't wanna do heavy cream, of course, you can go through the process of using a 2-percent, and then makin' yourself a little roux. Just do heavy cream. When you're gonna enjoy something like this, go for it. Okay, so we'll let this all reduce in here a little bit. Keep it on medium low, we're in good shape. Now let's get over to talk about this goat cheese. Oh, this is gonna be good, really, really good. We make some great goat cheese in northern California. The only thing I think is crazy is how they package it. It's like getting stuff out of those big warehouse stores. It's like, what am I gonna do? Steal the goat cheese out of the package? So getting this out... There we go. Peel it back... exactly. That's just exactly what I wanted to do. I'll just cut off some rounds. Okay, slide this over, there's my toasted pine nuts. There we go. Now kinda re-form the round a little bit, Patty 'em up, hit 'em in the pine nuts. These are gonna be going on top of that salad. Okay. And you can't go very fast on these. This is working with goat cheese, which is delicate, got pine nuts going everywhere. Okay, so I've got the reduction going on that cream over there. I got my pasta water on, and my croutons are done, so everythin I got my pasta water on, andokay, get this one.Ne, and if you wanna make yourself a little bit easier, it's like with slicing meat, if you gotta slice it real thin, or if you're working with goat cheese. You could pop that in the freezer for a little bit. It makes it a little bit more manageable. Okay, then here's the last one. Okay, almost used all the pine nuts. Okay, come on, there we go. Okay, so here's what we've got. I've gotta drop the pasta. Actually, I gotta salt the water, drop the pasta. I've got my roasted beets sitting over there that I need to get over and peel. Those are gonna get thin-sliced and put in with this salad. It's gonna be a really nice complement to all the big flavor that's going on here. So down goes some salt, over to grab some pasta. When you come back, I'll tie this entire dish back together. You are gonna love this -- i know Jimmy Mac does. See you in a minute. I'm comin' to the final on this right here, look at that. The corned beef, the carrots, the cabbage. Just dumped in some frozen peas, and they'll just thaw out in a second. Right there, and oh, we got cream in there, two different types of mustard, some horseradish, and we are making a delicious Irish linguine. Okay, some cheddar going down. This'll tie it all together. I think that's enough. Okay, now I got some linguine right here, which, I think, is ready to jump outta this pot. And I like to do it this way. I like to use the strainer in the pot. Just in case this sauce is too tight, I have the ability to reach over here and grab nice starchy hot water that'll help this program out. So it's a great way to do it versus takin' it to the sink and losing the opportunity. Got the corned beef, the carrots, the cabbage, a little bit of garlic, some shallots, deglazed with some white wine. Put that in here. You didn't expect to see corned beef go that way, did ya? I talk about how much I love it, i love it in pasta. Okay. There we go. Top it off with just a touch of some parmesan. There we are. Actually, I'll just take a little serving right now. So it's kinda almost like a Mac-and-cheese idea going on, with the melted cheese and the peas and all that. Now let's talk about the salad. The croutons that I made, done with some mesclun... Lettuce is there, get that tarragon vinaigrette that I put it together with, give that a little toss. I believe when you have these baby lettuces like this, you need to give 'em a chance to have that dressing put all around. Let's hit on top of there with some beets. There we go. Some nice red onion, and these goat cheese patties with the toasted pine nuts. Tell me that's not on point. Get me a piece of this here. A little beet, some goat cheese. Aha, I gotta get a bite of this. Nice and hot. Mmm, prime time. Mmm! Now let's talk about making a shake. Get in some chocolate ice cream, a nice big stout beer... Oh, this is a nice tribute to the emerald isle right here. Okay, get that stout in there. Now I got a little bit of carbonation. This should be nice and interesting to see how it goes. Come on. There we go, okay. Pop that off. Oh, does that look great, or what? Let me take a little hit of that. Stout chocolate milkshake going along with my corned beef and my pasta. Hey, listen, you saw me do it with corned beef. I made a pasta out of it. Come back next time, when I make birthday cake out of pizza. Nah, I'm just kiddin', but thanks for hanging out at "big bite." Closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc see you later. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 