Guy's Big Bite: Season 18, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Guy's Big Bite 
 s18e5 - Holiday by the Bay - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Guy's Big Bite (2006–…): Season 18, Episode 5 - Holiday by the Bay - full transcript 
 Cioppino; fire-roasted tomato and and vegetable puree; grilled pepper and Parmesan polenta. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Welcome to "Big Bite." You know, during the holidays, you can expect three things to  happen here at the Fieri house. One -- we will have no snow  'cause we're in California. Two -- there will be  a lot of laughs. There's a lot of laughs  when my family comes together. And three -- without question,  we will eat Dungeness crab, I mean, in any way,  shape, or form we can get it. So that's what we're gonna do is  an old classic with a new spin, starting off with  my grilled seafood cioppino. Packed with beautiful  Dungeness crab, sea scallops, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 halibut, and jumbo shrimp,  all served with a smokey, fire-roasted tomato  and vegetable puree, and grilled polenta  with peppers and Pecorino. It's got flavor.  It's got texture. And it's the perfect thing  to round out this holiday meal. So, lemon juice, tons of it, because, believe it or not,  I'm gonna marinate the seafood, which I'll get into  in just a second, but I had to get this  out of the way 'cause nothing more exciting  than just sitting here and squeezing all this  lemon juice by yourself. Let's talk about the polenta  and the peppers. Hang tight. Couple red and a couple Anaheim, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and this is gonna be great  flavor, as well as great color. And I'll tell you one thing  we love around here, it's polenta. I mean, it's --  I don't know what it is. It's something about being warm. It's something  about being thick. It's something  about the fact I love grits. I don't know,  but polenta plays in. A little bit of olive oil, a little salt and pepper  to that, and a super hot grill. Okay. And all I'm gonna do here  is roast these off and then take 'em, throw 'em  back in this bowl, sweat 'em, and then later,  I'll take the seeds and the skins and the stems off. Okay? Ready for the start of the show? Hang tight. Seafood. This is the bounty  of the county. Oh. Huh?  Look at that. Now I said that, you know,  the crab, the Dungeness, that's the big player here, but I had to go grab everything  they had down at the market. So, first, the Dungeness crab. Now they have been cleaned,  but I like to keep the shell just because it  makes a nice presentation. So you've these beautiful  Dungeness crab. And this is really the king  of the crab, in our opinion, here in Northern California. We're talking about buttery,  sweet meat. You're getting  a really good yield. You get a ton of crab  out of this. All that body meat is fantastic,  and, putting it on the grill, I know it sounds crazy,  but you're gonna love it. Then we have some big  jumbo prawns. These are like four to a pound. And anytime you  can grill it with a shell on, we know that's great flavor, but then to grill it  with the head on? Not only is the presentation  awesome, but the flavor goes crazy. And then some halibut. You can use whatever type  of fish you want, but I'm looking for a nice,  firm white fish. Typically, a cioppino  is cooked in the sauce, all the seafood goes into  the sauce at different times. But we're gonna grill this.  Just grill it to perfection and then add it  to this grilled sauce. Outrageous.  And then scallops, of course. I mean, look at these beautiful,  big, fat scallops, and we're gonna do it  on a hot grill, just gonna sear 'em a little bit.  Fantastic. But let's talk  about this marinade. A monster bowl... a bounty of lemon juice... some salt. Don't have to go too heavy  on the salt. Granted, it all  came out of the sea. Black pepper. Just get in  with a little garlic. And I'm just gonna rough chop  that garlic. This will break down. It'll share its flavor. A little white wine. And another one of my favorites  when it comes to seafood is some capers. They couldn't make  the jar any smaller. And they start falling  all over the place. Okay. Just like I do with the garlic,  just give 'em a little pop, just to kind  of open it up a bit. And, last but not least,  you think of the spice. Man, I been to  some cioppino feeds. Whoo!  I mean, it is all spice. so we'll just add a little bit  of chili flake to this. And then, to coat it all, to help all this great flavor  stick to this seafood, a little bit of olive oil, okay? Let me give this a quick whisk. Now I'll turn this a few times  as I let it marinate. But what we're gonna  do right now, we'll drop that nice,  big piece of halibut in there. That's what we're talkin' about. Then we'll get  those scallops in. Beautiful. We'll throw in --  I'm gonna pop that crab in half just like that. Excellent. The other one -- Look at this,  and this is so fresh. There we go, down the side. And then we'll throw prawns  that will take it real quick. So grab this and a little foil,  and we'll go back. 'Cause what do you want? You want your seafood nice and cold. We'll throw a little cover  on top of that. Now I got to wash my hands.  Okay? All right. All right. Now keepin' that cold 'cause  you want that seafood cold, just like when you get it  at the market. All right. Now let's get into some polenta. So I've got some boiling water. Oh, I forgot a leg. Ah. One down. Okay. Let me give these a little turn  real quick. That's right.  That's what we're looking for, nice char on 'em. We wanna talk about charring 'em  but not burning the flesh. I don't wanna burn all the way  through the pepper, so this is exactly  where we want to go. And if you don't have an outdoor  grill, don't worry about that. Doing them in the oven,  super easy way to go. 4½ cups of boiling water. I've got wet hands. I'm gonna do the salt  with a spoon, and a little bit of salt, and let's get into some polenta. Now, polenta, grits,  call it what you want. All I know  is we're talking creamy. We're talking great texture. We're talking an Italian staple. We're talking a Southern staple, my mom  coming from North Carolina. So this is perfect  to play into the holidays. About 1 1/2 cups,  a little bit of salt. Just slowly whisk these in,  not wanting them to clump up. There we go. Huh? Wait till you see what I do  with these grits. Oh-ho. This is all about holidays,  'cause holidays for us, you know,  the kids are out of school, lots of family coming over,  a lot of friends. Of course,  what they're expecting is to walk  into a nice presentation. Well, I'm gonna  give 'em that and then some. Okay. There you go. Polenta's working. I'll grab the peppers,  wrap 'em with some plastic, sweat 'em,  gonna peel 'em in a little bit. The seafood's hanging out.  Come back. we're doing a holiday cioppino  that no one will forget. See ya in a little bit. Welcome back to "Big Bite." You don't even have to ask  what time of year it is. You can tell  from beautiful Dungeness crab at the Fieri house that it  must be around the holidays because, man,  if we're eating one thing, we're eating Dungeness. So look at this beautiful  marinating setup I have here. I mean, I've got everything from  jumbo prawns to Dungeness crab to an enormous piece of halibut all sitting down  in this delicious marinade of garlic and chili flake and capers, a lot of white wine, a little olive oil, and a lot of lemon juice,  a lot of lemon juice. But look at these --  look at this size scallop. Now, I'm making cioppino.  Now, we all love cioppino. We all have  our favorite cioppino. And if you don't know  what cioppino is, we're talking  about a tomato base stock that has fresh seafood in it. And they said that it was  invented here in San Francisco about an hour away. And the beauty of it is  is it can kind of take on whatever seafood  you have available. The key is, treat the seafood the right way. So I've got  this sitting here marinating. And just --  Ah, it's gonna be fantastic because I'm going  to grill this cioppino. I haven't seen it done before. I've done cioppino  on "Big Bite" before, but not in the grilled fashion. And I was out here doin' it,  I said, "You know what? I really wanna get everything  out of this seafood." So to grill it, I can really watch how it cooks, and I don't have it just  simmering in the sauce, but I still make the sauce  and add it to the seafood. You're gonna love this. All right. Let me put this away. Keeping the seafood cold. And let's get into the polenta. That's what's gonna  go alongside here. We love our polenta  around the Fieri house. So I've got  some roasted peppers -- roasted red bell peppers  and some green Anaheims, so just a little bit  of heat from that. A little salt, a little  olive oil, little pepper, threw 'em on the grill, then threw 'em in a bowl,  let 'em sweat, cleaned 'em up, and took the stems and the seeds  and everything out of 'em. And now I'm gonna mix 'em  into this really nice, hearty polenta, lay it out  on a tray, let it cool a bit. And then I'll pop it  into the oven. The key is, I'm just gonna  add a bunch of cheese. Okay. Lookin' good with that. Slide this over. Heavy bottom pot always  helps to not burn the polenta. Ton of peppers going in. Okay. Pecorino -- let's talk about it. Super nice and salty. You can smell it. Okay.  So about 1 cup. Maybe I gave it  a little extra there. Give this a little stir. Awesome color  coming through that. I already added a little bit  of salt to that. I have to watch it  because that cheese -- that cheese  itself is pretty salty. Okay. And just a little butter. It's a warm day here. That's how the holidays are in Northern California,  nice and warm. I'm standing out here in shorts. Okay, got that. Sheet tray, a little bit  of olive oil, cooking spray if you have it,  just so it doesn't stick. Okay. Ah, that's what I thought  was gonna happen. Excuse me. We got to break out  the rubber spatula. Ah, this is gonna  be so worth it. A lot of steps in this, but if you like polenta  like I do, you'll get it. Okay. And now we'll just smooth  it out, still nice and hot. Fantastic. Okay. Set that aside. Now let's talk about the sauce that's gonna go with  the cioppino. What do we need? Exactly.  A bunch of vegetables. So I'm gonna grab  the whole bowl. Almost gonna use  every bit of this, but we'll jump in here. Okay. Let's take this,  get that, here we go. Grab a tray 'cause I'm gonna put  a little marinade on these as we work. So the first thing  I'm gonna start off with -- oh -- is a bunch  of Roma tomatoes. Last of the Romas. Tomato sauce and cioppino --  hand in hand. Next up, red bell pepper. Red bell pepper and a big onion. One more -- the fennel. The key here  is to keep these fronds. We'll hold those to the side. Fennel and cioppino -- you wanna  talk about something going hand in hand, that's like  Bogie and Bacall right there. I don't know  why I used Bogie and Bacall. I haven't used  that line in a long time. Okay.  So there's fennel. There's that.  Now check this out. Get a little bit of olive oil, little bit of salt,  touch of some black pepper. Believe it or not, we're gonna  hit it with a little fennel. Fennel's a strong flavor  in this cioppino. Okay.  We add a little fennel seeds. And we'll hit it  with a little red chili flake. Again, spice  is a key piece, as well. And the last thing, and this  is not what you're expecting 'cause you know  garlic's gonna come into play, but not the way that we're gonna  do garlic like this. So we're gonna cut the top off. Shout it out  if you know the answer. Exactly.  We're gonna roast the garlic like this. Great way -- Roasting garlic --  I'm telling ya -- You've got the oven hot.  You're gonna do it. You know you'll use  roasted garlic. Get a little bit of olive oil,  some salt, black pepper. We're gonna kind of just nest  this up a little bit. It'll steam as it roasts. Give it a little breathing room  like that. Over to the grill. Now I'll lay that bad boy there. Start to throw the fennel on, throw the peppers,  just keep an eye on it. And, you know, here's  the cool thing about this. This is one of those things  that you can grill. You don't have to worry  about how ugly it looks because this is all gonna  get pureed up. So if it has a little extra char  to it, fantastic. That's a little extra flavor. Look at that. See if I can kinda slide 'em on.  Ah. Tell me that doesn't look great  already. And to think this is all gonna come together  for a seafood dish. That's my idea, right there.  Okay. So here we go.  Saving those fronds. Roasting the veggies. The seafood is down. Last thing I'm gonna do  is take this polenta, bake it off in the oven. We're gonna cut that.  We're gonna grill it later. Come on back. This is how we celebrate the holidays at the Fieri house. See ya in a bit. Welcome back.  I'm making cioppino. Well, actually,  grilled cioppino. It's the holiday times here at the Fieri casa,  and look at this. I've got everything  from roasted grilled onions, Roma tomatoes, fennel. Whoo.  Hot grill. Yeah, that's what we do  in the holiday times here, is grill our vegetables. But I'm gonna make  this fantastic cioppino. I've got a bunch of seafood  that's in the fridge right now just marinating  in lemon juice, white wine, garlic, capers, you name it. And this right here, well,  this is the cioppino sauce. You don't typically see it as a fire-roasted cioppino sauce,  but I'll tell ya somethin' -- We're gonna highlight that  seafood incredibly with this. A little bit of chicken stock,  drop this on. Now I took the seeds and the stems  out of the bell pepper, but otherwise,  everybody's in there. Look at all that char  and all those bits. All right. That's my kind  of cioppino sauce -- fire roasted, right on. There we go.  And if it gets too thick, I got a little chicken stock  to thin it out. But right now, oh, you should taste the fennel in that. Righteous.  Okay. Let's take a look at that.  Now, inside here -- inside here,  take a look at this. Roasting off this polenta,  and it's about ready to go. So I'm gonna pull it out,  let it cool down a little bit, and then we'll be able to grill  that in a bit. All right, now --  Oh, you know what? I'm forgetting the key  to this whole thing. Check this out. Hiding under here... I started this garlic up on top, but it wasn't roasting enough. So down here in the coals,  I've got my roasted garlic. And we'll just -- Of course, you got to have garlic  in your cioppino. Check that out. I'll just let that chill,  cool down for a second. Let's grab the seafood.  Okay. Scallops, halibut, big prawns, and, of course,  Dungeness crab all coming over. Isn't that beautiful? Look at that. So we have the capers, the lemon juice, the white wine, a little chili flake,  a bunch of garlic, of course. So let me lower this grate. Okay. A little fennel seeds  were coming off of there. Now, this is where this kind of gets into  some decision-making process. What do I want to add first? Well, I got the hard shell  of the crab. and it's pretty industrial. I mean, it can --  it can handle the heavy heat. So I'm gonna  throw that on first. Now I've got some really tender  scallops. I don't wanna put those on  right now. That crab's gonna  take a little bit of time. The shrimp, they're protected  also with their shell, these prawns, so I'm gonna  go ahead and throw those on. The scallops  are gonna be the ones that I'm really gonna wait  just till the last minute 'cause all I want to do  is just char it a little bit. That sauce is gonna be warm, so when the scallops  go in there, they'll just  finish cooking right there. Look at that.  You should smell it right now. I mean, it smells like a -- almost kind of like a crab boil, or like when you're cooking  some -- some oysters on the grill. Look at that. Okay. And here we go.  I'm gonna put the fish on. It'll probably go on last  and come off first. Nestle that right  in on top of there. And then I'm just gonna hold those scallops for a little bit. I'll put those  on at the last minute. Okay. Slide that to the side. Oh. The flavors, I'm telling you. Now, I took that garlic,  roasted, a little bit of salt and pepper. And this, well, this  can get a little bit sticky. Trust me,  I've done this enough times from the days in the restaurant. All right. Awesome.  Roasted garlic's down. Seafood's on the grill. We are doing grilled cioppino.  People are flying in for it. It's gonna be a blast!  See ya in a bit. Welcome back. Man, it is hot  in here right now. You wouldn't think,  in the holidays, it's gonna be this warm. But what we've got goin'  is grilled cioppino. I'm keeping an eye  on my scallops right now. So I'm just trying to finish up  this fantastic cioppino sauce. Grilled tomatoes  and red bell pepper and a little bit of fennel.  Some roasted garlic. I'll get that later 'cause I don't want  the scallops to overcook. Add a little ouzo there because,  if you've got a good cioppino, you know it's got some spice,  it's got some garlic, and it's got a nice  little anise flavor, and...Ah. That is right on.  Okay. We'll take this. Gonna pour it right  onto my platter here. And I've got some grilled  polenta sitting there. Add a little roasted peppers  to it, add a little Pecorino cheese to it, let it cool, put it on a sheet tray, popped  it in the oven, put a little -- browned it a little bit, then took it, cut it in some -- in some squares and grilled it. Now some beautiful halibut that's all marinated,  by the way. leave that right there. All marinated in some capers,  a little chili flake, some garlic, some white white, a bunch of lemon juice,  salt and pepper. Take these beautiful scallops,  lay those around the side. And I just want these super,  super tender 'cause they're gonna  sit inside that hot sauce. I mean, look at that. Tell me that is not gorgeous. Right like that.  Oh, don't worry. Nothing will happen to that  except for me eating it, but, you know,  I don't tell anybody that. Look at that. Get a little bit of the sauce. Just drop a little bit  on top of this. I mean, it's gorgeous. Little more of the basil, some of the fennel fronds that  I had, lay that over on top. So you grab a nice piece  of that grilled polenta. It's a busy day  at the airport here. Some fresh lemon juice  right over the top of that. Huh? Tell me that is not a platter  set for the holidays. Is that beautiful or what? I'm telling you,  that is just gorgeous, especially  with that grilled polenta. That's what makes it, that  and a nice little white wine. Okay. First, I got to dig into  some polenta, a little bit of this halibut. Mm. And then,  when you wanna get your crab -- I'm a body meat guy. So you dip it right in there,  this Dungeness crab. Of all the crab that I have, I mean, from --  from king crab, snow crab -- You can tell I don't like it. This is the one to go to. Now, listen, you might not  be able to find Dungeness. Don't worry.  You find your favorite crab. But here's the idea. I don't care if it's snowing. Get out on that porch,  fire up that barbecue, grill off the seafood, keep it in the shell,  put a nice char to it. We all love that char flavor. It takes us back to summer. So have summer  during the holidays. You wanna get this recipe?  You know what to do. And then grilled cioppino recipe  is waiting for you. Have a great holiday.  Take care, you guys. See ya later. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 