Guy's Big Bite: Season 19, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Guy's Big Bite 
 s19e6 - Guy's Primo Pic-a-Nic - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Guy's Big Bite (2006–…): Season 19, Episode 6 - Guy's Primo Pic-a-Nic - full transcript 
 Guy Fieri makes turkey pic-a-nic sandwiches with a cranberry onion jam and two kinds of cheese on pretzel buns. On the side: he serves homemade barbecue potato chips. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  ♪♪ You know, living up here  in Northern California, we have some of the best  Thai food I've ever had. But unfortunately  when we're up at the ranch, well, nobody delivers up here. And my family, well they  want their Thai food. So I got to roll it out.  And I got to do it legit. We're starting off today with my spicy  Thai red beef curry. Tender strips of flank steak  with bell peppers, onions, and aromatics  like lemongrass and ginger. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Now, you can't go  wrong with that. To go alongside, we've got  a green papaya salad with a fresh lime vinaigrette  and toasted pepitas. Just like you'd find  at your local Thai place. And don't think I've forgotten  about the rice. I'm making coconut  jasmine rice. Fragrant and topped  with toasted coconut flakes --  the family loves it. All right, let's get started. Um, let me introduce  the best chef. One of my favorites in the whole world, Chef Aaron May. Aaron and I met on "Triple D" years ago. I think it was  30 years ago. -At least.  -At least 30 years ago. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And this guy, I'm not kidding you, if I put a challenge in front of him of something that he's never cooked, the man can figure it out. So he's up visiting,  and when you're doing something like this Thai food, you've got a lot of ingredients, you got a lot going on. So, of course, I need all  the help I can get. Aaron May is one  of my favorite chefs. He's just such a great  energy about food. And loves to cook. You know what he loves  is he loves to talk about it. He teaches what he knows  and he learns what he doesn't. And whenever you're  collaborating with somebody like that,  that has such an open mind and an open palette,  it's just -- that's the best. So we're talking about  making this, uh, this curry. And I've got some  peppers broken down. Aaron's working on  some shallots. We've got a whole list  of ingredients going in here. So just kind of follow with me  and keep track because I sometimes forget  a couple of the keys. The first order of business is to make the curry paste. So we start with Fresnos,  then some shallots, then some garlic, a little salt and pepper,  and a little lemongrass. Some coriander and cumin,  then some ginger, a little cilantro with the stem. Then a Sri Lanka lime leaf. If you don't have  this leaf, it's okay. It's not the end of the world, but it really does impart  a lot of flavor. And people used to call  these, uh, Kaffir limes. So we'll break that up in there. A little shrimp paste. If you don't have the shrimp paste, Aaron, what would you like to use? If you didn't have shrimp paste? You know, an anchovy might be  a great replacement for that. You're really looking  for that seafood, that fishy flavor. But a lot of that umami is coming through this. So when you're talking about making a really nice traditional curry, Thai curry, this is  gonna be a good -- this is gonna be a good start for you. Uh, but I agree. But you want that umami. You want that punch. That that seafood-y base. Pulse that in  the food processor, break it down,  still a little texture. Awesome.  Cook that off in the pan. Lots of flavor  coming through that. Pull it out. Now the pan is  nice and seasoned. Going with some thin strips  of some flank steak that were seasoned  with just a little salt. Spot on. Pan's hot, it's well-seasoned. Start dropping that in batches. Yes. A little bit of oil  in there for you. Yes. Yes, Chef.  Okay. Now let's talk about  this vinaigrette that we're gonna put  together for this awesome -- and when I say awesome salad,  wait till you try it. Any time that I see  green papaya salad on a menu, I'll order it. And it's really because  there's some -- Oh, my mouth  just starts to water as soon as I start  talking about it. It's got to be something  with the fish sauce and the crunchy flesh  of the green papaya, the fruit. The sweet, the tart,  the crunch, the acid. So the papaya vinaigrette, that's the first thing  we start it off with. A little lime zest. Let me get this one, as well. Now, first time  I had green papaya salad, I will tell you this,  I was a little -- I was a little surprised. I mean, this was years ago,  maybe 15 years ago. But I'm sitting there  eating it and I'm like, "What is this crunch?  Where is this noodle? I've never seen this." I think I might have had  a little bit too much beer. But it had such  phenomenal flavor to it. And I couldn't believe  what the texture was. And it's all from  this unripened fruit. Right behind you. There you go. Okay.  So lime juice. See how we didn't  put a bunch of meat in this pan and we just put  a little bit in there. What we're trying to do,  there's a lot of fat in that. A lot of moisture.  And I want to make sure that we don't sit there  and just boil the meat. That's why I also  took the paste out. So, Aaron, you want to move that around a little bit for me? I want to build  some crust on that. -Yep.  -Okay. So lime juice. Little olive oil, a little rice wine vinegar. So again, just kind of your -- you know,  your Asian vinaigrette. Kind of simple.  This one is the -- is the key,  is a little mirin. Lower in alcohol,  higher in sugar. Little fish sauce. Remember, always keep  the fish sauce in the fridge. You have a fish sauce  you love the best? I don't to be quite --  I -- I mean, you're really  looking for that flavor, like you were talking about,  that umami, that kind of earthiness,  that sixth flavor sense. I'll add a little bit of this  sesame oil and a little soy. And that should  round this out. The key though, to me,  with fish sauce is you got to watch out because  they're not all the same. And some are pretty gnarly  and they get pretty strong and they can sabotage your dish. Okay, some sugar. Vinaigrette's done,  working on the meat. The red chili  Thai paste is done. We got to prep some veggies,  we're putting salads together. Hanging out with  my favorite chef in the world, Chef Aaron May. We'll see you  in a little bit. That got  fast and furious. -Quick.  -Right out of control. ♪♪ Welcome back to  "Guy's Big Bite." Hanging out with  Chef Aaron May. Talking about great Thai food. Now, Aaron and I  have experienced great Thai food all around  the country. Uh, but when we're up  at the ranch, there is no Thai food delivery. So we do what we do best. And that's get into cooking and making everything  under the sun. And that's what happens  here at the ranch. So we made our own  Thai paste over here with some Fresno chilies  and some lemongrass and some ginger  and some garlic and -- Well, you name it,  everybody's in the pool. Seared that off, now I'm  getting the pan super hot. And we're dropping  down some onions. Aaron's working  the bell peppers. And, uh, I want you  to show me this -- Everybody has a way  they cut bell peppers, okay. Fleshing it off the sides,  rolling it out. Sometimes you'll see a chef cut off the top  and the end and roll through. Show me your little method again? I like to cut the top  and the bottom and, exactly, I just kind of  roll it out. Taking all those seeds  and spines at once. And it gives me  a nice, clean pepper here. Look at that. And now you've cleaned it out. So if you're really getting fancy with it, how he took all the insides  out of it, now you're really getting  some really nice -- If you were making a, uh, a little crudité platter it would be fantastic.  Nice and thin. Oh, you're so magical.  Okay. So I'm cooking  the onions down. We're using flank steak. We cut the flank  steak down, Aaron did. We salted a little bit and then  put a really nice sear on it. See that little crust  that we tried to build? Had all the flavor  leftover in the pan. Now we'll drop the, uh,  peppers and onions in. I didn't want to drop  the, uh, peppers and onions on top of the steak because all that moisture  of the peppers and onions, when they cook down,  just kind of wilt a little bit. They'll kind of take  some of that crunch and that crust off of that.  So in you go. Chef, uh, I got another  great task for you. -Yeah.  -[ Whistles ] Green beans. -Hey now.  -There we go. So we're gonna blister  some green beans going into this fantastic,  uh, green papaya salad. which we'll talk about  in a second. Look at that.  That's the look that you want. Nice sweated peppers.  Not gonna go too far. Excuse me, buddy. Let me grab the can opener. Coconut milk.  Now, coconut -- Do you work with coconut milk a lot? I love coconut milk. I mean, as a non-dairy  substitute. You can thicken things,  you can make them creamy. But you still get  that non-dairy goodness. I love it. This is also kind of deglaze  the pan a little bit. Now, Aaron, I've got a, uh,  cast-iron skillet that is starting to get  super hot right here. And we're just gonna  blister those up, put some color to 'em,  put some char. This salad, this -- this, uh,  um, green papaya salad -- you have to have  a green papaya by the way -- is so fantastic. But it's kind of -- sometimes  gets a little one note. Because it's all  a bunch of raw veggies. By taking these veggies,  we're still gonna leave the green beans crispy, but they're gonna  have that nice char. They're gonna bring in that  cooked element to it without having  the cooked texture. You know what I'm saying? That depth of flavor  you get from that char, that bitterness,  as a contrast, is one of my  favorite things. So just think  of all the flavor that we've already  started to develop. We got all the fat coming off  that flank steak. We had some of the paste  that was left in there. We'll add some more  paste in right now. And this where I kind of get -- this is where  I kind of take it easy. I want to just see  how this develops. Remember, you're working  with fresh veggies. So if it gets --  you get too much in there, you know, each one is gonna be  a little bit different. You got to taste it yourself. So we'll stir this in  and see where we're at. Not that faux red color.  I mean, a lot of times you -- Oh, it's getting some pretty nice orange though. It looks beautiful. But you know sometimes you get those pastes and they're just so vibrant  and you're like, "Come on. What vegetable did you use to get that color?" I'm gonna give this a quick little taste. How we looking? Boy, you work with -- Ready to go. You work with purpose,  my friend. I'm gonna add a little touch  of salt into that. All right.  Now, Aaron, pan is hot and I gave it a little bit of oil. If you just want to  babysit those. This is cooking down, blistering the beans. Everything looks great. Okay, green papaya, what do you know about it? I know it's one of the most widely eaten fruits in the world because of the consumption  level in Asia. Where did you get  this information? I mean,  it came to me in a dream. I don't know if he's -- I mean, he knows everything. -I'm telling the truth.  -Okay. -I'm telling the truth.  -All right. I don't know. That sounded way  too easy for you. We're gonna grab  this green papaya. Now, when I go to, uh, some of my favorite  Asian restaurants, I'll see them take this papaya, trim it down, just taking a little bit  of the skin off. Okay. Now this one is just getting on the verge of not working. Because you can see how the flesh is turning a little bit, uh, how it's turning a little beige, a little orange. You'd like it to be  really nice and crisp white. But I can feel how --  I can feel how firm it is. So it'll probably work. Now, this is  how I see 'em do it at my favorite market.  They go like this. And you'll see the lady  sitting right there -- or the guy, whomever --  sitting right there and then just kind of hitting it and just lightly  tapping it, okay? Now, they'll take it  right to themselves. I'll just do this  to kind of show you. They'll just take it and carve  it right to themselves, just carve this off. And what we get are these  really nice fantastic strands. Okay?  That takes a long time. So the way we're gonna do it is we're gonna bring out this cool little slicer  that we found online. Kind of like a mandoline  with some teeth in it. So take the base of so  it's easier to work with. Drag it down. And you see how this  is just building us these perfect strands  of this nice, crunchy, green papaya.  Huh? Okay.  So we got papayas to do, green beans are scorching,  cooking that sauce down. Give it a little taste,  make sure we're good. The beef is finished.  Come on back, hanging out with Chef Aaron May. Making Thai food at the ranch.  See you in a bit. You want to work  on this or me? ♪♪ Welcome back.  So here's what we're doing. We're making fantastic  Thai food. We're up at the ranch and Aaron and I like to get together and make things that you  typically wouldn't make when you're cooking  in an outdoor kitchen. So we're making  Thai food. We made some red  Thai curry paste. Um, with some --  with some lemongrass and all kinds of great stuff  and ginger and garlic and all the cast  of characters. And now we're putting  together a salad, we're gonna toast some rice, we're making rice,  the whole thing. I've got a screaming-hot  cast-iron skillet. I want to blister a few tomatoes  for this green papaya salad. And, uh, well,  that's all she wrote. Okay.  Few tomatoes down. Need to toast  a little bit of rice. We're gonna put  a little toasted rice on top of it  for a little funky crunch. And I also need to get  the rice started. And I'm gonna do a rice  with some coconut milk. So, um, to go along with this. A little jasmine rice there. Keep an eye on that,  would you, Chef? Yeah, Chef. The key here is to use  a really good long-grain rice. It's a supporting player,  but it has to be done right. Three cups of the jasmine rice. I'm gonna rinse it real quick. Drop that down. The rice,  pretty straightforward. A little coconut milk  and some water. Just about 2 cups  of coconut milk. Three and a quarter  cups of water. Start to simmer that.  Okay. Everybody's dropped  in the pool over there. Okay, where are we at? I'm gonna start giving -- Bell pepper and cucumber. -Let me give you some tomatoes.  -Perfect. Start giving me a little chop on that. I also got to toast up  some pepitas. And I got to add  a little bit of chicken stock  over here in my curry. So I didn't talk  about the curry. So we made this awesome  curry with the lemongrass. And we had the Fresno chilies,  a lot of Fresno chilies, and some garlic.  Made our own paste. And the great thing  is that I didn't use it all. So I have some in reserve if I don't want to make it  too spicy or if the -- if the paste itself  is really strong. Add a little bit  of chicken stock to that. Gonna thin it out a bit.  And I took this flank steak, or Aaron took the flank  steak a the very beginning. There we go.  Just to thin it out a bit. Took the flank steak  at the very beginning and, uh, seared it off. So it's got some  nice texture to it. And then we're just slowly letting this sauce  come together. Really building flavors  with the green bell pepper and the red bell pepper inside.  Okay. And then also hit  some coconut milk in it. Let me give this  a little taste. Oh, brother.  That's coming together. That is coming  together big time. I'm not gonna  feed you the taste. You can get after it yourself.  You tell me if that has -- doesn't have some real  depth of Thai flavor. -Wow.  -Huh? I mean,  as good as anything anywhere. As good as anything  anywhere. Good coconut wholesomeness. What'd you call it last time? -Non-dairy goodness.  -Non-dairy goodness. Really making that shine.  I mean -- Aaron always has a one-liner. Okay. The earthiness the currin--  I mean, that's beautiful. The earthiness  and the curriness. -I love 'em both.  -Okay. So see that toasted rice?  Still a little bit hot. Wow, that's a lot a bit hot. Um, but this is  gonna be great. Nice little crunchy  texture into this salad. We toasted some  of the jasmine rice that we were cooking  for the coconut rice, took that, hit that in a spice  blender, zipped that up. Adding the little crunch,  that little -- that little bit of extra  on the outside of it just took it to a new level. Where you at, Chef? Are you ready to go? Yeah. I got these green beans  on the angle right here. And we're ready  for you over here. Mixing up the dressing.  Okay. So you've got the peppers,  we've got some cucumbers. We've got the, uh, green papaya,  some scallions, the blistered tomatoes,  everybody coming together. And then the fish sauce, the soy  sauce, everybody's in this. I mean, this is really  bringing big flavor. And then I got  a little bit of this that we'll top it off  right at the end. A little bit  of this toasted rice. Um, last thing I got to do, toast the pepitas,  drop those in. Rice is working,  beef'll go back. Huh? -This is gonna be delicious.  -This is gonna be delicious. We'll see you in a minute. We'll put it all together. Mm, that's good. I want to try. ♪♪ Welcome back to  "Guy's Big Bite." Toasted pepitas going into  this outrageous -- Don't hog it over here, buddy. This outrageous green  papaya salad. Chef May is in the house. Toasted pepitas right  on top, my friend. We blistered some tomatoes  and some green beans. We've got green papaya  we've sliced thin. We made the dressing, it's got everything  from fish sauce to mirin to rice wine vinegar,  you name it. Uh, some Thai basil and some mint going in here. Some mung beans. This salad,  in itself, is enough. Crunchy goodness, Asian flavor,  depth of flavor, a little charred  tomatoes, as well. Then we made a red curry, which,  actually, I want to try this. 'Cause I added  a little bit of curry. I like it. I'm gonna add just a touch more. It's just Aaron and I right now.  We can handle the spice. This has got Fresno chili. It's a red curry paste  made with Fresno chili and lemongrass and garlic  and lime and, uh, you name it. And do you want to  talk about beautiful? And this little bit extra,  it'll hold for at least a week or two. Okay.  Stir that in. We also have the --  the, uh, toasted coconut here for some rice  that we made, a little coconut milk,  some jasmine rice. Do you got some mint  and Thai basil coming for me, brother?  -I do. You ready for it? So we took some flank steak -- took some flank steak, sliced it really thin, gave it a little salt, seared it in the pan,  pulled it out. Then hit some peppers  and onions in here. Put a little more  heat on there. So I need about a quarter -- uh, give me a little mint and a little Thai basil  right here. I will get some cilantro working. -Right in here?  -Yeah. Drop it. We added a little Thai basil, a little bit of mint,  a little bit of cilantro. Stirred that in right at the end so they just really just kind  of bloom in the sauce. Awesome. Cilantro  and Thai basil really -- I mean, they --  they take a big lead in this. People always want to  think about cilantro being just in Mexican food. But these fresh herbs  right now on top of this big rich  Thai curry paste. A little bit of lime. Where you at, buddy?  In good shape? This is -- I mean,  I can't wait to dig into this. All right, let me get -- I got a couple plates. Let me hand them  off to you, my man. Let me drop these. Hit us with  a couple salads. -Yeah.  -There you go. All right, you got that. Little bit of lime  juice in here. Now stirring  in those fresh herbs. Fresh herbs  right at the end. Excuse me, let me  reach right over here. Okay. Let me give you  a little bit of rice. Touch of the toasted  coconut there. I mean, the smell. Oh, we got a lot of pieces  that put this together. This is the --  This is the finale, right here. This is a little  toasted jasmine rice that I'm just gonna take  and throw right on top for that little extra  added crunch on top of the, uh,  green papaya salad. That's gorgeous, man.  That is gorgeous. Okay, where you at. -We're good to go over here.  -Let me get on here with -- Here, grab yourself  some rice. There we go, we'll lay some of that -- lay some of that on top. A little bit of the --  Look at that. Oh, pardon that mess that I just made there. Beautiful. Trade you off? Go ahead and jump into it. Some forks right there, brother. I love that flank steak. We just seared it off, put a nice little crust to it... took it out  and then let it -- then add it in right here  at the last minute. Wow. Big wow? Like big Aaron May wow? He's one of my favorite  chefs in the world. When I get a big wow out of him on my recipe... Man, that's delicious. You know, what's great? The play off  that sweet and sour, the hot and spicy, I mean,  you're getting everything. It's unbelievable  how delicious this is. Mm. So good. The coconut,  the creaminess, little punch from the Thai -- from the, um, red curry. But the key is the refreshing side of it, when you get into the green papaya salad, how it kind of cleanses the palette. You might not have had green papaya salad before. Matter of fact, this all might be foreign to you. Trust me,  this is safe enough to roll this out for the family, surprise 'em, have a great time. Take your time to do it,  but you'll love it and you'll want leftovers. Right? You're the best. See you next week on "Guy's Big Bite." Get all the recipes. Aaron will even  come over and cook. No problem. Not really.  See you later. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 