Guy's Big Bite: Season 19, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Guy's Big Bite 
 s19e10 - Wham Bam Thank You Lamb - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Guy's Big Bite (2006–…): Season 19, Episode 10 - Wham Bam Thank You Lamb - full transcript 
 The Fieris celebrate an untraditional Thanksgiving: balsamic braised leg of lamb cooked in a pressure cooker for maximum tenderness; sweet potato gnocchi tossed in a Parmesan butter sauce; peas and prosciutto. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Holidays are all about  tradition, you know? Now, Thanksgiving tradition,  what is it? Well, the one main thing is  we have a huge feast, but the tradition is kind of  the fact that we don't really have any traditions--  it usually just involves me cooking for all  my friends and family, and that's what  we got this year, starting off with my balsamic  braised leg of lamb, cooked in a pressure cooker  for maximum tenderness, served with a rich,  tangy balsamic glaze-- oh, you're gonna love it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Now, to go alongside,  how about sweet potato gnocchi in a parmesan butter sauce? Oh, you're definitely coming  back for seconds on this, and to round it all out,  I'll whip up some peas and prosciutto,  a little lemon zest,  a little chile flake. Super simple,  but everybody loves this. Sweet potatoes gotta chill out  here for a little bit, because they're a little  hot to the touch, and that's gonna come  together for the gnocchi. Just...wow, I don't even wanna  start you on that. Let's talk about this balsamic  braised leg of lamb. So pressure cooker, you know,  it's one of my favorite  utensils to use, and I've got this screamin' hot stove out here, but you don't need  a really hot stove. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 All you need is  a pressure cooker that  can handle everything. So get some heat goin'. Little bit of olive oil, and let's talk about  leg of lamb. I remember when I was a kid,  my dad cooked leg of lamb. Took the whole leg,  hoof and all, stuffed it with garlic,  roasted it on the barbecue, and I just remember askin'  my friends at school, "So what'd you have  for Thanksgiving?" And everybody said, "Well,  we had the turkey and so far." I said, "We had leg of lamb." People just looked at me  cross-eyed, but that's just  the way it's always been. So for the leg of lamb,  we're talkin' about  a whole leg of lamb. Had the butcher bone it out,  but I kept the bone. It's nice and trim,  not too much fat on it. Liberal with  the salt and pepper. Fresh cracked black pepper. Now the key was to really  sear off the lamb. I only did two pieces at a time to build a really nice crust. We'll drop those in. Takes a little bit of time,  didn't pre-flour that. Remember, I want that crust  to build on the meat. So we'll turn that  a few times, okay?  Let me wash my hands. Okay.  Now to the gnocchi. So great thing about  sweet potatoes is, well, people get them mixed up  all the time. Is it a yam?  Is it a sweet potato? Well, we're talkin' about  the sweet potato, a little  less starchy than the yam. So the idea here is cook  these off ahead of time, or maybe you have  some left over. We're gonna get 'em cool  to the touch, just to where we can kinda  handle them a little bit. Poked some holes in 'em,  roasted 'em off in the oven, just the normal way you'd  cook 'em, and look at that. Look at that beautiful color,  huh? Take this... into the bowl. Some grated parm. Maybe about 1 cup. A little olive oil, a couple tablespoons of that. A little brown sugar--  I know that we have the sweetness of  the sweet potato goin' on, but a little brown sugar  will go a long way. A little salt and pepper,  there we go. And here's where  we really start adding the subtle flavor,  but the flavor that  everybody'll go, like, "Why? Why does this gnocchi taste  so fantastic?" It's this--we're gonna  use a little thyme,  a little fresh thyme. So a little bit of thyme, and last but not least, you say holidays,  what do you think?  You think nutmeg. Okay, lock that down. Let that slowly whip together  there for a second. Turn it up. We're gonna really  let that fluff up. We're really gonna put a lot of air into that and aerate it. It's gonna be nice and--that'll help it get nice and creamy, 'cause remember, on a gnocchi,  you don't want those dense, little hard pillows--you want it to be nice, light, and fluffy. All right, back over here. Lamb's got a nice sear to it. To the other side. Okay. Take the bling off. There we go. Now this right here looks like  pumpkin pie filling, just in the savory sense. Bring this off. Need a little bench flour here. Now, I was gonna be using maybe up to 2 cups of flour for this, but we're really gonna be  looking for what the texture of this is gonna look like. We want it to be  a little bit pliable. Seems like a little now,  but there's a ton  of flavor in that. Again, just the opportunity to repurpose that sweet potato. Could've been left over--  you know how you have the big Thanksgiving party  the night before? Well, the great thing is,  you can cook off  those sweet potatoes, had 'em done and ready to go,  just one less thing that you have to cook on  that actual big turkey day. All right. There we go. Need a little more flour... right up on top of that. Lightly start putting it  together. Oh, this is perfect. Okay, so here's the game plan. Still searing off the lamb. Don't worry, the balsamic part's coming in just a little bit. What I'm gonna do is continue  to add flour to this. Knead this dough through,  get it into a floured bowl, and let it rest for about  30 minutes, you come back, it's, uh, Thanksgiving day  at the Fieri house, uh, at the ranch,  you're gonna love this. I needed more flour,  and now the hands are  already gummy. Can you give me a hand?  I'll get it. Welcome back--  Thanksgiving at the ranch. I'll tell ya something--  making gnocchi, it takes a lot of time--well,  it doesn't take a lot of time,  it takes patience, because you're working with something really super delicate, so what I've got here is some  sweet potatoes I cooked  ahead of time, made this fantastic little  mixture with a little bit  of thyme, a lot of parmesan cheese,  and some olive oil, and now I'm just lightly  kneading in the flour. It's not an exact science,  because I don't know how  many sweet potatoes I'm gonna have and how wet  they're going to be, so I'm just working them enough, just to where they're not tacky, and I'm gonna be able to start  to roll them out to make those little dumplings--  now, over there, you hear sizzling and popping  going on for a good reason,  because that's going to be-- well, this is  the non-traditional Thanksgiving here at the house, and that is going to be a balsamic-braised leg of lamb, and I think that just  covers that. Okay. This... a touch of flour  inside the bowl, pick that up,  let it just rest here for just, ah,  maybe about 30 minutes. And bones out of the oven. Now, I had this-- I had this fantastic  leg of lamb that I had the butcher go  and break down for me. What I had him do is take it  and just really nicely-- he just opened it up,  took the leg out, gave me all the meat, trimmed a little bit of the fat, and that's what's  taking place over here, as I've got this leg of lamb  that I've been searing off. Look at that--look at the nice  caramelization and crunch. I couldn't fit the bone  in there. I mean, I'm going to fit  the bone in there,  but I couldn't really get the roast on it,  so throw it in the oven, regular oven, wood-fired oven,  doesn't matter. Okay, now we get into  this balsamic braised... Little bit of jalapeno--  it just--we're gonna go with a nice rough cut. All these veggies,  because we're gonna  strain this out later. Red bell pepper. The real key is coming up here  in just a second, and that's gonna be  the balsamic. There we go. A little bit of onion. This could all be done  ahead of time also. A little fennel. Fennel goes in this  really great. Think about mixin'  that balsamic... Okay. A little chopped garlic. Don't wanna chop it down  too much, 'cause they've gotta survive in this pot  and not burn. We're gonna let this all  sweat right now. I'm gonna bring the heat up  just a touch. One of my favorite things  to work with in the kitchen is the pressure cooker, so what I've done here is  gotten a leg of lamb, had it boned out,  and cooked it down with this really nice  balsamic reduction. We start with some tomato paste, 1/2 cup, a little molasses--  that's the real kicker. Maybe 2 tablespoons--  one... two. Some beef stock-- 1 quart, low sodium. Remember, we seasoned--  liberally, we seasoned  that lamb. And, of course,  some balsamic vinegar. This is flavor city  right here, folks. Okay, about 2 cups of that. And then drop the meat back in  with all the aromatics, with all that big flavor,  and so now, back in, nestle all of  these inside. You gotta be conscious of this-- if you're gonna go to the top, you only can go  about 3/4 of the way, and then I'm gonna throw  the bones right in there for good flavor on top of it. We will lock  the pressure cooker down. Okay, now here's  the key to this. Every pressure cooker's  different, get to know  your pressure cooker. Become friends with  your pressure cooker, because here's what happens--  we're gonna get this up to about 15psi,  and that's the perfect time-- perfect pressure to cook it  with, and about medium heat, about 45 minutes, gonna be  super shred-apart tender. Come back, gonna do gnocchi,  I'll clean all this up. We're having the un-traditional traditional Thanksgiving at the Fieri house--  see you in a bit. Welcome back to the un-traditional Thanksgiving. Ah, listen, this is where  it should be a tradition, because this dish is outrageous. So what I'm doing is I've taken a little prosciutto, and I'm gonna crisp it up here, and this is one of my favorite Italian dishes. You take the prosciutto,  which everybody loves  prosciutto, but not a lot of people  have had it cooked. So you slice it thin and then  cut some julienne strips of it and cook that down,  you get this really nice, salty, almost crunchy  like bacon. Get that in... Let me get...  the shallots in. There we go, and we'll just let this mellow out for a second. What I have here  is the star of the show, and it's the lamb--  now the lamb's been in the pressure cooker  for, oh, I don't know, about 45 minutes--  big, beautiful leg of lamb. Had the local butcher take it, debone it for me. Now I've got it in the pressure cooker with a little molasses, some beef broth, we've got... a little balsamic--  actually, a lot of balsamic. Now you see what I just did  right there? I've been braising that.  First I seared it off,  a little salt, pepper, seared it off with a little  olive oil, I've got jalapenos and some onions  and some bell pepper,  some fennel. Oh, the fennel and the balsamic go together great, but what I did is I just dropped it in here, and cooling down the temperature and releasing the steam,  I'm gonna be able  to open this up a lot quicker than I would  normally be able to if I just released the steam on the stove. You hear that?  Aw, it's fantastic. Best trick in the world,  'cause a lot of times, you're sittin' there, waitin' for it to just kinda decompress before you can get it to open,  so let's see... let's see if we're  successful with it. Voila, so you took it  from super screamin' hot at 15 pounds per square inch,  the normal temp-- the normal pressure  that you'd be cooking  in a pressure cooker with-- and brought it down that quick  by the ice bath. Okay. So here's that leg of lamb. And when I say fall-apart tender,  I can barely get it out. Have to bring this over here. Oh, just gorgeous. Now, I even took the bones,  the leg bone, and roasted it off. Oh! This is exactly  what we're talkin' about. All kinds of flavor built  into the bottom of this. Get the last little bits here, and all that marrow inside the legs, you know that's where the flavor's comin' from, okay. Let me hold this off  to the side. There. Another pan,  gonna strain the liquid now. You really gotta remember  that little technique that I was just showing you  about throwing it  in the ice bath. I tell ya, I've watched so many people sit there, I was like, is the pressure cooker done?  Is it done? Is it done? That way right there, we did it in literally seconds. Okay. The last little bit of  the braising liquid. Perfect. And back onto the stove.  Okay. Now back to where we were. The shallots, cookin' down  with the prosciutto. If I threw the garlic in there  when I put the shallots in, you're gonna have  that opportunity  for it to go and burn, so now that I'm back to paying  attention to it... throw my garlic in. Touch more of the extra virgin  olive oil. The flavor alone right here-- let me throw some heat on that, reduce it just a bit more. But look at the viscosity  of that. Just a little bit of oil there, but all that fat cookin' down from that leg of lamb... A little chile flake. And I don't care if it's  Thanksgiving or not, you are gonna try this pea  recipe, 'cause you know how prosciutto has that real  distinct flavor to it? The saltiness,  the rich meat flavor? You do that,  and then you drop--you drop... Now, if you can get some  fresh peas, go with it, but this time of year,  you can't. Frozen peas.  I'm not a canned pea guy. They're too mushy--frozen peas, they're kinda frozen at the moment of ripeness. Right in...aw, yeah. Everybody in my family  loves this dish. Okay. And all really  I'm going to do on these is just warm 'em up,  'cause I've cooked the garlic, cooked the shallots,  got the crispy prosciutto. Let it be. Now, second star,  the co-host of the show, is this fantastic gnocchi. We throw a little  bench flour down. Now, if you remember, the way  I started things off is I had some leftover sweet potatoes, and if you don't, cook 'em  and then just let 'em cool. So I took the sweet potatoes,  hit 'em with some  parmesan cheese, some olive oil,  some fresh thyme, kneaded it in  a little bit of the flour, and then I let it rest there  in a floured bowl. Now, cut off a manageable piece, a little bit of flour,  and what we're lookin' for-- let me just kinda show you  the doughiness of this. It's kinda tender  like a pillow. Not dense, not hard--  for the size that it is, it's really kinda nice  and light, kinda feels like it might be a pastry,  so I'm just gonna lightly roll this out.  There we go. A little bit more manageable  piece to work with. Uniform size  so they cook equally. Okay? And we'll just knock off little 1-inch pieces. There we go. About 1 tablespoon of salt  to a gallon of water. Remember that,  and you definitely  need it with the gnocchi. Start droppin' these little  dumplings down. When they float,  they're gonna be done. We're gonna work 'em in batches, pull 'em out, let 'em cool. It's all comin' together.  The meat's done, shred that. Got the peas over here  with the prosciutto. Reducing the glaze mixture.  Huh. Un-traditional, but definitely  will be a tradition at your family, I bet--  I'll see you in a little bit. We'll tie this all up. That's how I want 'em done. Beautiful gnocchi,  sweet potato gnocchi with a little bit of thyme  and parmesan cheese, all comin' together for the traditional un-traditional, uh, items that we make here at  the Fieri house, at the ranch, for Thanksgiving--  now look at those. A little bit of saltwater,  took the sweet potato, mixed up the parmesan cheese,  gonna let these rest  for just a second. Got some of that braising liquid reduced for the fantastic lamb sitting down there--here's  the peas and the prosciutto. This is what happens  all the time, people pick  all the prosciutto right out of the top.  Fantastic. Now, let me tell you  about this one thing I gotta do, gotta hit  a little lemon zest right on top of the peas  and prosciutto. Nice and salty. Frozen peas, wish that they were fresh, but they're really-- frozen's way better  than the can. A little bit of chile flake  in there, and this little  lemon zest at the end, just...  adds that nice little citrus note--  not the citrus, but just that lemony oil...okay. Gnocchi, I'm just lettin' 'em  cool for a second. Over here, I've got  a little brown butter. So what I did is I started  a pan--I'm gonna fire it  back up now-- I started a cold pan,  dropped the butter in there, and then slowly let it brown. If you drop the butter  into a hot pan, automatically starts to brown,  automatically starts to turn on you, and then  you're chasing it down. So this right here,  I've got it rendered down, I got a bunch of heat on it, get it right to the brown butter look that I'm lookin' for. It's gettin' nice  and golden, okay. Gets that little  nuttiness to it. Now we'll go ahead... drop this in, and just giving these a chance  to cool down a little bit, just to dry out the touch. The thyme in there,  and all we're gonna do is just coat this a little bit. I gotta grab  some parmesan cheese. Okay, let that coat  up a little bit. A little more heat  on that braising liquid. A little parm on top of that,  and that's all she wrote. They're already nice  and warm, okay. Now... bring this over to the lamb. So I've got that balsamic--  the balsamic braised lamb that I took the leg of lamb,  had it boned out, kept the bone,  roasted that in the oven, then took the lamb, seared it  off in the pressure cooker, hit it with a bunch of veggies, got some peppers and some fennel. Gotta love that in there. Then went with some onions  and some garlic, little bit of the jalapeno, then came in  with the balsamic, of course, that's the name,  but the key little hid-- the little bit hiding  in there is the molasses. Oh! Of course,  some beef stock made it in. There's that tender,  pillowy gnocchi. Last little bit. Some of the brown butter. Look at that. Look at that. Spoon that right over the top. You've got--I'm telling you,  talk about tender lamb. I mean,  it's just fork-fall-apart, and you know that everybody's  got their traditions  and what they like. Our family,  we just can't stick with one. Oh, we'll do a couple of  the basics, but I gotta  tell you something, just the way that this is  lookin' right now, this might make it--this might  make it to next year's menu. All right, let's give this  a little taste. All right.  Nobody's lookin', right? You're not supposed to eat off  the platter. I know the rules. First, that little pillow. Sweet potato. Mm. Melt in your mouth. Light, super flavorful. Fresh thyme--that's the kicker. And right--little bit  of parmesan cheese  for the saltiness. Okay. There's also a touch  of nutmeg in there. But look at this,  when you get this leg of lamb that just--that, I mean,  it looks like pulled pork. Huh? That's winner  winner lamb dinner.  I'm tellin' you what. The holidays are an incredibly  important time, time to give thanks,  time to be with your family, time to be with your friends--  no way better for me than to show my friends  and family how much I love 'em than makin' a dish like that,  look at that. Scratch-made, homemade,  real deal, right here. You're gonna get this recipe.  Have a great Thanksgiving. Thanks for watchin'  "Guy's Big Bite." I'll see ya next time. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 