Guy's Big Bite: Season 14, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Guy's Big Bite 
 s14e12 - Panini Party - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Guy's Big Bite (2006–…): Season 14, Episode 12 - Panini Party - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  -- Captions by VITAC -- Closed Captions provided by  Scripps Networks, LLC. Welcome to "Big Bite," and today,  it's all about paninis. Now, for the last 5 or 10 years, all we've been talking about is paninis in the United States. Me? I saw them happen back  in '85 when I lived in France. Now, not everybody has one of those cool  electric panini presses that takes forever to heat up. and until I make one  that's super-fast, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm gonna show you  the Guy Fieri panini press, and that's this --  two cast-iron skillets! To kick off the panini party,  we're starting off with my Waldorf chicken salad  panini -- Warm pressed sandwiches filled  with shredded roast chicken, toasted walnuts, diced apples, red grapes,  and a creamy herb dressing. This is my kind  of chicken sandwich. Now, to go with that,  how about sweet potato latkes? We're talking shredded sweet  and russet potatoes fried into golden,  crispy pancakes. I like to serve mine with a little dollop  of sour cream. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Now, to drink, I'm mixing up  a sweet-tea cocktail with cucumber, mint,  raspberries, and lemon. It's cold, it's refreshing, but watch yourself  'cause it goes down easy. All right, let's start  with this chicken. Now, I love roasted chickens.  The kids love chicken. We'll do two or three  on a Sunday and have them  for the rest of the week. This bad boy right here  needs a little bit of help -- some carrots, some celery, a little lemon, some thyme,  and an onion. That's not all it needs,  but that's what it's gonna get. But this right here  is a great way to do chicken, add a lot of flavor to it. You see these ingredients. It's kind of what goes  into Thanksgiving. Get a little bit of onion. This is just gonna get stuffed  in the cavity, so it doesn't have to  be perfect. A little rough chop  of some garlic. Just make sure we're at 375. Roast for about an hour, depending on the size  of the bird. And me, I'm looking  for air-cooled, organic -- the best chicken I can get, especially  when I'm feeding the kids. Okay, we got this together. Let me get a little thyme  in there. A little lemon. Okay, a little olive oil  on the outside. [ Whistles ] [ Chuckling ] A little olive oil  in the cavity. Rub it down a little bit here. A little salt on the outside. Cracked black pepper. Don't even think you're making  this for the salad. Just think about  you're roasting a chicken. A little pepper inside. You get the idea.  We'll rub it around, beautiful. Now we'll go in with some  of these ingredients... ...the thyme and the garlic  and the lemon. Oh, look at that. Huh? You talk about building flavor. When this starts getting hot,  all that coming out... Now we'll grab a piece of twine. I'll bind my legs -- helps lock in the ingredients,  as well. Perfect. Okay. Put these wings back. Throw this bird on. Go over to the sink,  wash up. Okay, so what's gonna happen  is I left that bird sit out just before you guys got here. Let the bird sit out, kind of  come to room temperature. It's really gonna  get a chance to roast nice and put a nice crust on it. Like I said, oven's 375. We'll pop it in. It's gonna roast for about  an hour, about 165 degrees. Okay, in we go.  Keep an eye on it. Sometimes  I'll take it and turn it, especially  if I got a few birds in there 'cause you get  different hot spots. Okay, so that's all together. Now let's talk about -- Now let's talk about making  this latke. Do you guys like latkes?  I love latkes. I never had them much  on the West Coast. I go out to the East Coast --  I see them everywhere. So, we got some flour. We've got a couple eggs. So, a latke --  I like latke a lot. This is  a shaved potato pancake... ...pancake, I guess, but "pancake"  sounds the wrong way 'cause you say, "pancake," and people are like,  "Oh, pancakes." No, it's its own  little appetizer, its own little meal, its own  little delicious concoction, and it's been around forever. Okay, I need some egg white  here for this. I got one egg. Come on. Great. I'm gonna try to salvage  a white out of that. Come on. See how I'm doing this  over this bowl, versus -- There we go. See how I'm doing it over  this bowl, versus this one, so in case I had a little accident there with it, I didn't contaminate this? Okay, and with that white... A little flour. This is all gonna work together  as the binding ingredients. What we're gonna do is we're gonna take some sweet potatoes and some russets, and we're gonna shred them,  mix them together, then we'll fry them up. They're crispy.  They're about that thick. You could put anything on them. People like to put applesauce,  sour cream. You'll see, okay? A little bit of flour... ...and a touch of some cinnamon. Just a little bit of cinnamon  for this. Believe it or not,  if I put cinnamon, what's gonna follow up  right behind it? Cayenne pepper. Whew! Just got a little spicy. All right, garlic. And these are gonna go so well. When you think about eating  this great grilled panini with the pressing  and the focaccia bread... this will go right alongside. A little granulated garlic. Okay. Mix this up a little bit,  creating a well. It should be nice and creamy. There we go. One more thing I need. Just a little off the top -- some chives -- some color, some great flavor. Chives and latkes  just seem to go together. Put that in. Okay, so that  has all come together. Get this out of the way. Now let's talk  about the potatoes. Now, a lot of times, you'll see the russet potato  taking the lead. I'm gonna cut mine a little bit and cut it  with some sweet potatoes. So, look here. Box grater -- super key. Second -- sweet potato, russet. Third -- got to have a peeler. Now, here's the idea  behind this. We're gonna  do about equal parts, then we're gonna soak them  in a little bit of water, pull some of that starch out, put them together  in this binding ingredient, make this little patty,  hit it hot, sear both sides, nice crust. It's a whole party  about paninis and latkes when you come back  on "Big Bite." Shredding some sweet potatoes  all coming together for some fantastic latkes, and this is all  for my panini party. All right, that's enough. I'm done.  I hate getting down to the nub. I usually  get part of a finger in there. All right, into some water, pulling out  a little bit of the starch. I also have some russets  down in the bottom there, and I'm gonna put these together  for a fantastic latke. I've had some great latkes, and I've had  some really bad latkes. They should not be super-greasy. They should  have some great texture. They should be soft and tender  in the middle. And I thought  using the sweet potato in there really made it  something different. Just a good, straightforward,  "this is how you do a latke," and that's it, you know? If you're gonna make it,  make it right. A lot of times, people will  do it with just the russets. I'm mixing it up, adding some  sweet potato in there. We'll let that drain.  We're in good shape. All right,  talk about the panini -- the Waldorf panini. We got a roasted chicken  going in there stuffed with carrots and celery  and onions and thyme and a little bit of garlic, and that's  all coming together great, but now we're gonna talk  about making this dressing that's gonna go for it. Let's see here. I need an apple,  a stalk of celery. Wash this real quick. Let's get the mayo in here. I need about a cup or so. Some whipped cream cheese --  a little bit lighter. It's not as thick. Got the ribs of the celery. Make sure it's nice and crisp. Get a real nice uniform cut  on this. You just want  to have everybody in balance. That's enough celery. Okay, next one -- the apple. That side. And this is kind of  what's expected in this salad when you eat it  at the Waldorf Astoria. You expect to see that it's got  all these nice, uniform cuts. And we'll get some grapes  in here in just a second, And the grapes --  That's the funniest thing. Think about  making this warm sandwich and having a salad inside of a sandwich with grapes in it, but it just makes it. You bite in to one of  those grapes, you will love it. Okay.  So, let's grab some grapes -- nice little stem of them --  seedless. Pop those off. I like the small ones going in  to this, otherwise, the big ones you have to go  and cut them into quarters, and I just want  to cut these into half. I'm herding cats right now trying to keep these  all on the board. There we go. Sharp knife. Don't want  to crush out the juice. Two at a time. I'm so ninja. There we go. Okay, so this whole mixture  goes in here... ...and the key --  the next key -- and there's  all these critical points of making this  a fantastic chicken salad -- is having the balance -- so, the right size,  now the right acidity. Roll that out. A little lemon juice in here, a little salt and pepper  will go in. This is a meal in itself. Yeah, I think you could probably throw some kind of bean in here, make it a vegetarian Waldorf. A little salt, some pepper,  quick mix, and we got to  grab that chicken out, and that'll get added to this,  and it will be money. Okay, let's grab that chicken. 375 degrees,  come out at about 165 degrees. This is final temperature. Look at that golden skin. The pepper -- trust it. Kept everything inside. Ch-ch-ch-ch. Get a little trivet there. Awesome.  Okay, done, done, done. Let's talk about the latke. So, the russet,  the sweet potato -- nice and light and dry, sticking to my fingers. Over to the little mixture  that we made here. Don't want too much potato  to binding mixture, so we'll see where that puts us. Give this a stir. Now, I've got some oil  pre-heated over here in a cast-iron skillet. Why cast iron? It holds  its residual temperature, so it's not relying  just on the flame itself. So, when I drop these potatoes  that are cold -- I put a little mound  like that in there -- it doesn't drop the temperature. They don't sit there soaking in the oil, absorbing all of it. Put a little salt  and pepper in this. Okay, so here's what happens. Pull this out. It's a little bit wet. Gonna form a little patty --  a little bit more -- like that. Flatten it out. Nice and gently, drop it in. So, latkes, the Waldorf chicken salad  panini, the panini maker -- two cast-iron skillets, and you! Come on back.  This is gonna be a good one. So, you see what happens? You roast a little chicken,  and all the dogs show up. This is the newest member  of the family. This is Roxy. Good girl. And there's Cowboy. Good catch, Cowboy. And of course we got to feed  Rock Star a little something. There you go. Get that -- All right,  get out of here, you guys. Go. All right, welcome back --  "Guy's Big Bite." The dogs are all eating  in the kitchen. I'm not supposed  to feed them in the kitchen because she won't leave now. So, I've got  some roasted chicken that we did here. Look at this --  tender, delicious, fantastic, going together... Okay, Roxy. [ Whistles ]  Go get it. Oh, this is just painful. There you go. So, this is  all coming together for this fantastic  Waldorf salad -- Waldorf chicken salad panini. Now, I've got my cast iron  heating up. Oh, over here real quick --  I got to flip my latkes. Yeah, there we go. Nice golden brown on the latkes. Sweet potatoes, russet potatoes,  bound together -- come on. There we go. Excellent. Bound together  with a little egg white, some egg, some flour --  fantastic. All right.  Back to the chicken. So, the chicken is -- After the Waldorf Astoria,  where you get the great salad with the walnuts  and the grapes -- Well, the grapes and the celery and the apples are all in there. Now I'm gonna start  taking this shredded chicken, drop it right in there. And like I said, I have cast-iron skillets  that are heated up 'cause that's my Guy Fieri  at-home panini press. I'm not a big  electronic-gadget-kitchen kind of guy. I mean, I have  a couple immersion blenders, that kind of stuff, but otherwise --  toaster ovens and all that -- That's not really  in my wheelhouse. So, when it comes  to a panini machine, unless I'm gonna  go down to Meyer's and buy one of the super-duper  panini machines that cost 1,500 bucks, which takes up  a bunch of counter space, I'm gonna panini it my way --  two cast-iron skillets. Awesome. Start with the parsley,  a little bit of tarragon. I love this anise flavor -- a little bit  of this licorice flavor that comes from this -- not the stems, just the leaves. Hang on a second. Back to my latkes. I don't want them to over-brown. Nope. We're doing okay. Chop this up. Okay. So, give this a chop. You've got to  have the tarragon in this -- super-key piece, and, no, you cannot  just go and pour some ouzo if you don't have tarragon. Well, maybe you could, but I don't think it  would be the right thing. You could smell it --  Just when I'm cutting  the tarragon right now, you could smell  all that anise flavor, all that licorice flavor  coming through. Now, inside this mixture,  I have some mayonnaise, some whipped cream cheese, some gala apples,  some celery, okay? Sprinkle that in. And let's do some walnuts. This is another one of the keys. The walnuts, the grapes,  and the tarragon, I think, are the real keys. Give these a quick little chop. Now, I got some beautiful,  locally baked focaccia bread with not too much topping on it. This isn't going  into the Italian-bread style. I just want a nice, loafy,  spongy, crusty bread. Okay? In with these. The rest of it. There we go. Stir it up. Oh. This could be eaten just  by itself on a bed of lettuce, but we're gonna put it  into a sandwich. And remember, I put that  whipped cream cheese in there. It'll really help bind this up  when it gets super-hot sitting inside this at-home,  Guy Fieri panini press. All right, good. Let me grab the latkes. I know I'm gonna burn them. I'm just worried  that I'm over here talking, and this is gonna --  So, we'll pull these off -- sweet potato, russet potato. Money latke. Okay. Oh, while I'm down here, let me grab this focaccia bread. [ Sniffs ] Mmm! Spongy, nice crust, baked,  a little herb on the outside, light, and delicate. Right through. [ Chuckling ] The dogs are back. Hi, Rox. [ Smooches ] There's a good girl, huh? This is Ryder's dog --  got Roxy for Christmas. Santa brought her. Big sled. Okay. So, put it down with this. Actually, let me come  to this side with it. I want to get my tops  and bottoms correct. Really loading it up... ...right to the edge. The celery -- one of my favorite  parts of this panini. See what I was saying about having that  whipped cream cheese in there, how it really holds it together? So, this should give me  about four sandwiches. There we are. On top. Give it a little press. Now here's the key --  the panini maker! We talked about those metal ones that you have to pre-heat  and that whole game. I have cast-iron skillets  that are heated up. A little bit of oil in there --  just a touch -- just so it doesn't stick. Grab one of these bad boys. Drop it right down in. Oh, the crust on this  is gonna be amazing. I'm gonna shut all my heat down  right now. Okay, then we'll just hit a little touch  of some oil on top, just so this cast iron doesn't stick to the top of this and tear off the crust. That... ...right on top. Give it a little press. Huh? At-home panini, baby. All right, the latkes are done, the sandwiches are pressing, the paninis will come about, and we'll make a cocktail  when you get back. And the dogs will be back,  for sure. See you in a little bit. Where have you guys been?  I've been waiting for you. This is the big unveiling of my at-home,  cast-iron panini party. Voilà. Hot cast iron on top,  hot cast iron on the bottom. We have a Waldorf  chicken salad panini. Voilà. We've got apples, celery. We've got the roasted chicken  in there, a little bit  of whipped cream cheese, the whole enchilada -- well, not enchilada,  but you get the point. Let these rest for a second, and then  we're gonna cut into them. It's gonna be outstanding.  The latkes are done. We'll hit those  with some sour cream, but I need a cocktail. All right, let's talk  about a great cocktail. Let's talk  about something southern. Making paninis, a little picnic. A little cucumber. There we go. Just a touch  of some refreshing cucumber. That'll drop in with some raspberries --  not grapes. That was in the sandwich. Raspberries, some mint. There we go. And a little sweet-tea vodka. So, this is kind of  like an adult Arnold Palmer. Just a little touch of that,  want to give it a quick muddle. Ice cube here  to help that muddling process. Vodka is taking on so many  different flavors. I mean, there's  bubble-gum flavored vodka. So, to find a sweet-tea vodka  and incorporate that with a little bit of lemonade  and give it a little muddle is a great --  you know, is a great complement to this type of sandwich, and it makes you feel like  you're having a summer party. Okay, some more sweet tea  and a little bit of lemonade. A touch more of some ice. Into a mason jar, of course. A little bit more ice. More lemonade. Give it a stir, huh? Raspberries in there. There we go. Give that a taste. Too many of those  could get out of control. That's good. Mmm! Let me grab the latkes. So, I hit the latkes on here. A little sour cream. Applesauce  would also be dynamite. Sweet potatoes, russet potatoes. A little bit of egg to bind. Need a little bit  of color on this. There we go.  Nice and rustic with that. Huh? That's what I'm talking about. Isn't this how you do it? Slurring a little bit  from that drink. Mmm! Crunchy on the outside,  tender in the middle, a little bit sweet -- not overly sweet, not a dessert, and then the sour cream. Mmm! Now let's take a look  at this panini. The focaccia bread,  the Waldorf chicken salad -- roasted the chicken -- the grapes, the walnuts,  everything pressed. Huh? Oh, yeah! Tarragon -- got to have it. Usually  you have Waldorf salad cold. There's a lot of flavor. Wait till  you warm it up in a panini and then try all the flavor. Out of bounds! That -- an adult Arnold Palm--  Arnold Palmer, some latkes, altogether in my homemade cast-iron  panini machine -- You got to get this recipe. You're gonna love this one. I'll see you guys next week. Killer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 