Emma: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Emma 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Emma (2009): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Claiming that her match-making days are over,Emma helps Frank organize a dance. Elton returns with his dreadful wife, a presence which upsets Harriet and annoys everyone else, especially Emma and Frank, who share their dislike of her at the dance, where they get close. Elton snubs Harriet but George tactfully steps in to partner her, for which Emma thanks him. Next day Harriet is saved by Frank from being mugged and she tells Emma that is smitten. She sees him as out of her league but at least he has got Elton out of her system. George continues to champion Jane Fairfax, leading Emma to believe he is in love with her but he is certain that her true admirer is Frank. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 No, no, I will not be drawn in. As I have said, I am done with predictions of the matrimonial kind. I am merely telling you, as you have been so kind to bring the subject up again, that I believe my nephew Henry is safe when it comes to inheriting Donwell. Hmm. I do not believe that Mr Knightley is the mysterious present-giver - it is not in his nature to be secretive. Hmm. He is so discreet. And so is she. They are very well matched. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I think Jane would make a very good mistress of Donwell. Nonsense! Anyhow... my career in match-making, such as it was, is over. Miss Woodhouse! Are you coming to view the instrument? We would be so happy to have your opinion, Miss Woodhouse! - We were on our way. - Oh! Mr Frank Churchill is already here. Do be careful, ladies. What do you think? Mrs Weston, Miss Woodhouse, er, Miss Smith? We have had to make room for it, but it is no inconvenience whatsoever. So very kind of the Colonel. What do you say to Mr Dixon? Goodness me... are you still mending Mother's glasses? You have been here so very long. Done. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Thank you, Mr Churchill. Look, Mother... There. Now you can see again. It is a beautiful instrument. Oh! Mr Knightley, oh, Mr Knightley! Won't you come and view Jane's surprise gift? A surprise visit? Nothing untoward at all. What do you think, Mr Knightley? Well, it is a very fine instrument indeed. A very fine gift. We're all agreed. Yes. I'm so delighted Mr Knightley likes the piano... It is a reckless gift - thoughtless. Look at the size of it. Jane is to become a governess. Is it to stay here forever in her aunt's home? The girl is in ill health. It is a sorry thing indeed. Do you play, Mr Churchill? I never have, my hands are too big... Morning, Miss Fairfax. Well, he may not have given her the piano but he is very concerned for her welfare. I wouldn't say Donwell is entirely safe. Oh, Mr Knightley... I must thank you for the apples. Oh, it was nothing. But a whole barrel, of your special variety - your cook told ours that there are none left for your favourite pie... so very generous. They are Jane's favourite as well, isn't that a coincidence? I have been here in Highbury two weeks, yet I feel I have always lived here. Thank goodness your aunt's health allowed you to visit and realise how much better we are than you thought. Nonsense. I had always the best of anticipation, but... Please forgive me for this, but I think if there is one criticism I would make about this wonderful place, it is that there's just simply not enough opportunity to dance. Now, tell me that I am wrong! I do believe you have hit upon our single defect, Mr Churchill. What do you propose? A ball, Miss Woodhouse. What say you to a ball? I say yes. Yes, indeed! I am so happy to have any opportunity to dance. I am fairly sure that that is one talent in which I am the equal of Jane Fairfax. Equal? You must be far her superior. She dances like a cold fish! Now, let's have a ball here, hmm? No, no, there's not room. Well, you were right, as always - how much better it is that we should be here in town, with plenty of space to dance! Come on, let's test the floor space! Where will we dine? I think this room might be too small and the corridor is very draughty. Nothing must stop our momentum! Let's ask our neighbours, Miss Bates, what she thinks. Ladies, come up here and give us a hand, will you? Miss Bates? You won't get any sensible advice from her! Ssh! Miss Bates! Miss Bates. Miss Fairfax? Would you join us, please? It's a capital idea! Miss Bates is a woman who is predisposed to be happy, and Jane could be one of our principal dancers. I think I would rather the aunt than the niece. I must have the first dance with you. We two will lead the ball! Miss Bates, I must show you this. What do you think of this space... for a ball? - A ball? - A ball. What a marvellous idea, Mr Churchill, what a very splendid thing! Oh, a ball! What a marvellous idea! Oh, I hope nothing will prevent it. I am so looking forward to it! Are you sure, Emma, that Mrs Weston has discounted the draughts in the corridor? Absolutely - she has been most scrupulous in her checking. Do you think you might come, Father? There is nothing to stop the ball being a great occasion. Frank Churchill and I have made a list, - and he will design the invitations. - Ooh! I don't know why you have to be so unenthusiastic. Only young people can be expected to enjoy dancing. But he is not so ancient. Are you saying you are not coming? Oh, I will accept Mr Weston's kind invitation when it arrives... if it is not too long in the design. But I will not dance. I do not enjoy dancing and I am not good at it. You must wrap up warm, Emma, in case some of the young dancers do something remarkably reprehensible, like opening a window. I think you would be more enthusiastic if Mr Frank Churchill were not so keen. However, I have some information for you. Miss Jane Fairfax is looking forward to the ball. I have never seen her so animated! About anything! I assure you, my dear Emma, that Mr Churchill will be indifferent to my indifference. I hardly think I am already marked down on your dance card, now am I? Though we may guess who is. His aunt is extremely ill. Frank is so low, but he has said he is not leaving without seeing you. He was very particular. I shall leave you alone. I am sure he cannot be about to say anything that you cannot hear also. I am sure he can. What can he have to say? To me alone? Must I really believe he is in love with me? How should one look? If one were supposed to be in love in return? I don't think so... How does it feel to be in love? Of all the horrid things, saying goodbye is the worst. This will not be your only visit to Highbury. Now you have reacquainted yourself with where we are. I don't know when I might return. But it will be the only thing I think about. Our poor ball must be abandoned. Why did we wait? Why didn't we seize the moment? You said we should not wait. Why are you always right? I am sorry to be right this time. I would much rather be merry than right. Hmm. - So you must be off this morning? - Er, yes. You will come back. I think we have impressed you... ...though you were not expecting to like us, admit it! What a pity you have no time to visit your other friends before you leave. Miss Bates's steadiness and clarity of thought might have calmed your anxiety. Oh, I have been there... I, er, I thought it right... my duty, to tell them I must go. In short... perhaps, Miss Woodhouse, as you know everything... ...you could hardly be without suspicion. I thought I would be able to stay here forever. My, um... well, my... my regard for... this place is, um... is very warm. (HE SIGHS) I must go. The sensation of listlessness, weariness, stupidity, this inability to sit down and do anything. This feeling that everything around the house is dull and insipid... ... when it never was before... It can only mean one thing. I must be in love! (HORSE WHINNIES) Mrs Elton, your castle awaits. (SHE SQUEALS) Harriet, please... ...for my sake... Oh, no, I do not mean that! For your sake... this terrible misery over the Eltons. There could not be any greater reproof for my mistake. It was all my doing, do not think I have forgotten it... do not think I make light of it! But you are the best friend that I ever had! Nobody is equal to you... Oh, Miss Woodhouse, I have been so ungrateful. I will try my hardest. For my own sake... to be tranquil. (CHURCH BELLS RING) As always, I would like to begin today with some of the most spiritually uplifting words from the Old Testament, words that I have found most comforting. "Let deceitful lips be made dumb." I declare this reminds me of Maple Grove. My sister will love this house! She delights to travel. She has the latest carriage, large and comfortable enough for four and high enough that one can see for miles when one is travelling into the countryside for summer parties! Parties in the countryside! We are a very quiet set of people - we like to stay in the home. I understand your situation, Miss Woodhouse. Why does he not try Bath... where the waters, I find, are so agreeable? My father... It would cheer many an elderly gentleman up! And for you, of course, who have lived such a secluded life, out of the best society... well, just a line from me would open up a host of new acquaintances. Oh, we have heard that you are very musical, Mrs Elton. Oh, I dote on it! Dote! As I said to Mr E - don't give me two carriages, don't give me enormous houses, but I could not live without music. No. Life would be a blank to me. We should establish a musical club. Have regular meetings at yours or mine. As leaders of society we should show the way. Who else have we visited? Oh, the Westons, of course. I was rather astonished to find her so ladylike, as I believe she was your governess. Oh, and who do you think we met while we were at Randalls? Knightley! Knightley himself. He's so particular a friend of Mr E. So often mentioned, I was impatient to meet him. And... I must do my caro sposo the justice of saying, he need not be ashamed of his friend! Knightley is quite the gentleman! Biscuits, darling! Absolutely. "Knightley", indeed... never seen him in her life and she calls him "Knightley"! Insufferable woman! Horrible, upstart, vulgar being with her "Mr E" and her "caro sposo" and her carriages and air of pert pretension and underbred finery. Actually to discover that Mr Knightley is a gentleman and that the woman who brought me up should be ladylike! I've never met her equal! "Knightley", indeed! I have known him all my life and even I don't call him that! She's everywhere I go! The guest of honour, droning on about her sister's brand-new barouche. You'd think we were all poor little pygmy people, who never travelled from our fire! Though in my case, of course, she's right. She had the cheek to say that maybe it was a good thing the ball had to be cancelled, because she didn't know whether the Westons could organise such an event without her experience in social occasions! And you don't need to pretend to be disappointed the ball was cancelled. I'm not going to pretend, but it really was very bad luck for you, Emma. You don't get many opportunities to dance. Or to get out at all. I've brought you a book from the Donwell library. Box Hill! I hear you can see for miles! There is no reason you shouldn't see for yourself. We are in the same county, it's not the moon. (THUNDER RUMBLES) BOY: Come on, stay under the umbrella, you'll get soaked if you get outside it. There's only one umbrella and there's two of us. One of us will get wet. Good morning, Miss Fairfax. Oh! Good morning, Mr Knightley. I didn't realise you were visiting Hartfield. Yes, just for a few days. You're out early. I like a walk before breakfast. It does me good. Not in the rain, surely? I am going to the post office. It is not far. I should turn back, if I were you. You'll get drenched. (SHE LAUGHS) Boys! Henry, James, come along. Unlike you, Miss Fairfax, my wife and father-in-law are far from indifferent to the rain, so I must get the boys home. Will I see you tonight? Emma's party for the new Mrs Elton. - We must be on our best behaviour! - Of course. (SHE GASPS) - Oh, is that a letter from Ireland? - Yes. But, er... I'd love to read it. No, I will read it to you later. Well, the children are in bed. - Now, John, please. - What? - Please, be agreeable. - Me? When am I not? Mr Weston is not here yet. He is usually all benevolence and friendship. Why on earth did you invite her if you can't stand the woman? Because it is my duty, of course. We are the foremost family in the neighbourhood. Now, please, be pleasant. ...I think manners are the most important... (HE CLEARS HIS THROAT) I hope you did not get wet on the way to the post office this morning? And the letters? Not the, er, curse they often are? Yours are of business. Mine of... friendship. Oh, they're the worst of the two. Business may bring money, friendship hardly ever does. - You are not serious. - He is not serious, Miss Fairfax. May we take it that you did receive a letter from a loved one this morning, despite the weather? Perhaps from Ireland? I'm sorry to hear, Miss Fairfax, of you being out in the rain at the post office this morning. Young ladies are delicate plants. You must take good care of your health. I am much obliged by your concern, sir. Going to the post office in the rain. You sad girl! We shall have to do something about this! Oh, well, the man who collects our letters every morning shall enquire after yours and bring them to you. You are very kind. But I will not give up my walk. No, my dear, I'm afraid it's settled. Excuse me! I will not consent to your servant being troubled! I... I... I think it can be a very good idea to take a morning walk if possible, and you are not so far from the post office, and then, of course, there is the issue of privacy. Well, I obviously have to accustom myself to the ways of the countryside. Naturally, those of us from the city with modern manners would never dream of any indiscretion. - Of course not, my dear. - Thank you. But remember the people of Highbury are quite... unsophisticated. They do not have your experience of life. Quite so, and in Bath we would certainly have announced dinner by now. Dinner is served. Now, Jane, it's time we found you a position as a governess. The very best positions are snapped up as soon as they become known. Colonel and Mrs Campbell are in town by midsummer. Oh? I must spend time with them. Please do not trouble yourself. Oh, trouble! What nonsense. No, I shall write to Mrs Partridge and tell her to be on the lookout. Thank you, but I would rather you didn't. We'll find you a marvellous position. I am sure that... when the time comes... I am not afraid of being unemployed for long. Ah! Here comes my old beau! I like him excessively. He is full of old-fashioned politeness. He's always praising my dresses. See how he leads the way to talk to me. What do you think of this one? Mmm? Rather handsome, I think. Not sure if it's over-trimmed? I have the greatest dislike of the idea of being over-trimmed, quite a horror of finery. Oh, Mr Weston, at last! We were expecting you a little earlier. - Good evening, Mr Weston. - Miss Woodhouse. I was late home from London and found this. Read it, my dear, it's for you. You have opened it! Then you know full well what it says. Mrs Churchill has taken a house in Richmond for her health! Frank may now come and go as he pleases. His aunt cannot keep him from us. He can always be home. I confess I have been longing to see Mr Churchill. We are very much missing young and elegant company. You'll be dancing again before long, Miss Woodhouse. We shall have our ball after all. Miss Woodhouse. You have arrived just in time to give your advice. Will it do? Will it do? It's beautiful! It's magical! Oh, how wonderful you look tonight, Emma. Doesn't she, my dear? I thought I had come early to help. He has asked everyone to come early to give their advice. The dancing will have started before we know it. Frank will be here somewhere, I'll fetch him. Is this how it should be? Is he still in love with me? Is Mrs Elton here? I have a great curiosity to meet her! He is not still in love with me. But I do not seem to mind. And it is a bit small... Oh, my heavens, it's fairyland, it's nothing less than fairyland. Oh, aren't we lucky, Jane, to have such friends? Look, so many friends. Look, Mr Churchill, come let me introduce you to Mrs Cole... Oh, Miss Woodhouse, isn't it lovely? It's like a dream. It is magical, isn't it? This is how they do things in Bath. Mrs Elton will be disappointed. - Yes. - What's the matter? She will expect it. Oh, dear, Emma, what shall we do? We fear that, um... Mrs Elton expects to lead the dance. Frank must dance with her. Er, no, no. Miss Woodhouse is my partner for the first two dances, lead or not. Well, why do you not lead her out? Remember, I am not dancing in my condition. How do you like our Mrs Elton? I don't like her at all. Ladies and gentlemen, the Town Square. The room is most excellently contrived, is it not? Miss Woodhouse looks so brilliant tonight. So beautiful. She and Mr Churchill are made for each other. What are you doing over here with the old men and the card players? - I told you, I don't dance. - Miss Woodhouse, the second dance. The Ship's Cook. Oh, I see you are watching Miss Fairfax. Have you picked up any clues as to her mystery? Miss Bates told me she had received a letter from Ireland that made her very happy. Perhaps from her friend, Mr Dixon! No, I was merely thinking how awful her hair looks. So unbecoming. I can't think what would possess anyone to look that way. Shall I go over and say something? Oh, goodness me, no. The music is starting, we must dance. Whooooah! Whooo! Do you care for another? Oh, no, Mr E, I am sitting this one out. I cannot dance every dance with the same degree of accomplishment. I do not put myself at the front for all to admire, unlike some I could mention. Quite so. Do you not dance, Mr Elton? Most certainly, Mrs Weston, - if you will dance with me. - I am not dancing tonight, sir. Mrs Goddard, then? Though I am an old married man, it would give me great pleasure. You must excuse me, Mr Elton. I have danced my last reel, I'm afraid. I see a young lady who I should very much like to see dancing. Miss Smith? Ah, um, Mrs Weston, you must excuse me, but I am an old married man and my dancing days are quite over. No. Hey! Wait, wait, wait a minute. Oh, how happy Miss Smith looks. She is such a pretty girl. How well she dances. Hey! Oh, such food, it is the best I've ever tasted. Oh, no coffee, thank you, for me. I never take coffee. A little tea, please. Oh, here it is already, thank you. Thank you. For what? Your secret is out. You dance better than anyone. I was completely mistaken in Mr Elton. There is a... littleness about him which you saw and I did not. He always was a small man, made smaller by his wife. I was convinced he was in love with Harriet. How could I have been so stupid! I will do you the justice of saying that you would have chosen better for him than he did for himself. Miss Smith has some first-rate qualities, infinitely preferable to a sensible man than Mrs Elton. I was surprised by our conversation. Come on, young ladies, supper's over. Time to start dancing again! I am ready, sir! - Ginny's Market. - Who will you dance with? Why, you, if you will ask me? Will you dance, dear Emma? (PIANO PLAYS) - I danced so much I had sore feet. - Wonderful. I know, it was so charming. It was probably the best dance. (HUMMING TUNE) Harriet? Harriet! Harriet! What on earth happened? Oh, Miss Woodhouse, it was awful. I was walking back to school with my friend, Miss Bickerton, when we were set upon by some villainous, evil gypsies. Dozens of them. They wanted my money. Then, just in time, who should arrive... Hey! What's going on! ... but Mr Churchill. Stop that! On his horse. Such a thing has never happened before! We have always been able to walk safely in the lanes around Highbury. How very fortuitous it was that you just happened along when poor Harriet was so desperately in need of your help. - It was nothing. - Oh, no, indeed. You are too modest, Mr Churchill. I owe you my life! I am sure of it! Miss Smith. Everything will be fine. I would not be surprised if Harriet were about to fall in love for the third time this year. - And you look much recovered already. - Thank you. ELTON: You have captured Miss Smith to perfection. What a fool I was. Oh, Harriet, when you are happily married, in years to come, we will laugh about this. Oh, no, Miss Woodhouse. - I will never marry. - Oh? This is a new philosophy. Please, tell me this is not because of Mr Elton. Him! Oh, no. If it were to do with anyone, that someone would be a man so superior to Mr Elton, on a much higher plane entirely. Harriet, I know I promised and I fully intend never to interfere, but do I gather that your resolution never to marry is because you feel the person that you might prefer - and remember, my match-making days are strictly over - is too superior to you to ever think of you? Oh, believe me, I have not the presumption. I am not so mad. But it pleases me to admire him from a distance. To think of his infinite superiority to all the rest of the world, with gratitude, wonder and respect. Oh, Harriet, I am not surprised that his service to you was enough to melt your heart. Oh, yes! The very recollection of it! And all that I felt at the time, when I saw him coming to my rescue... ...how very noble he looked! How everything changed from perfect misery to perfect happiness. Oh, it is very natural that you should be so grateful. Oh, but, Harriet... beware. I think you should check your feelings. Do not get carried away. Be observant of him, let his behaviour to you be your guide. More wonderful things have happened. There have been many happy and unequal marriages, but no more. I am telling you this for we will never talk about this again. No names shall pass between us and there will be no possibility of a mistake this time. But you should know, I do approve of the man in question, though we will never mention his name again. Mrs Elton, the ball seems... Now, Jane, time is rushing by. We must find you a good position. Come, come. All the best places will be snapped up. As I have told you before, I must wait until the summer. There are plenty of places which deal in the governess trade. Oh, dear! You make it sound like slavery. Yes, your music will help you. I am sorry, Emma. I really don't know what you've done for Mrs Elton to behave towards you in this way. I cannot say that Mrs Elton's friendship is much of a loss to me. (THEY LAUGH) I am astonished, however, at how Jane Fairfax encourages her confidence. Maybe she lacks the sensible comfort of an equal friendship. Little wonder she has to make do with the Mrs Eltons of the world. We know how highly you think of Jane Fairfax. Anyone may know how highly I think of Miss Fairfax. And yet, you may not be aware how highly? The extent of your admiration may take you by surprise one day. Oh, you've finally heard the gossip, have you? Hmm, Mr Cole told me of his suspicions weeks ago. And what did you say to Mr Cole? I told him I was not about to turn Miss Fairfax into Mrs Knightley. - She would not have me if I asked her. - Oh... I like Jane and admire her. She's a charming young woman, but she has a fault. She is reserved - more reserved than she used to be - and I like an open temperament. Until Cole mentioned it, the thought hadn't entered my head. Go and get it. Well, then, what do you have to say to that? I say, I never saw a man so occupied with not being in love, that I should not be surprised if we were yet to hear wedding bells. Isabella has had five children. This is true. Do you think it strange that I, her only sister, did not go to London for any of their births? Do you think it strange? I was there, after all. That's what I mean. I do love Highbury and I have never felt like leaving. And I could never leave Father, but... the fact that I have no desire to travel might look strange to other people. To Frank Churchill? Oh, no, he doesn't think badly of me. Mrs Elton, then? You've never bothered about what people thought before. Even Jane Fairfax has friends and the desire to be with them in Ireland and Weymouth. If you were to ask me, I would say that you were in need of a project. Box Hill! It will be a very small and intimate party, and we will only invite the people we like. Mmm. Box Hill?! Oh, yes! Well, I will arrange everything. I am so experienced in organising the carriages. Leave the whole expedition in my hands! I know Mr Weston is the friendliest man in the world. I just wish he wasn't so friendly. Now I will have to suffer the Eltons, and I was so looking forward to our trip to Box Hill! I don't know, dear Emma. It seems to me always best never to contemplate eating outside. Mrs Elton's carriage horse is injured, which means we all cannot go to Box Hill. That woman ruins everything. We are only to postpone. We will go, Emma. In the meantime, why don't you all come to Donwell? The strawberries are ripe, and those who wish to sit indoors may do so. Oh, what a delightful idea! I should like that best of all. I shall wear a large bonnet and put a pink ribbon on my basket! But how on earth will we all get to Donwell? We could all go on donkeys! A necessity, I think, for dusty country life! Donwell Lane is never dusty, but you may come on a donkey if you wish. Oh, look, here comes Dr Perry. - Good afternoon, Dr Perry. - Good afternoon, everybody. What happened to Dr Perry's plan of setting up a carriage? Couldn't he help us out for Box Hill? I didn't know he had such a plan. Ah, but you wrote about it to me, two months ago. You did! In your letters! Mrs Perry was very keen on it, had been trying to persuade him for ages. (JANE FAIRFAX COUGHS) Are you all right? It was a mistake, a mistake not to take a glass of water before stepping out into this heat. You should be more careful, Miss Fairfax. MISS BATES: You know, Mr Churchill, I think Dr Perry was thinking about a carriage, but decided he couldn't afford it. Mrs Perry told my mother about it. Jane, do you remember her telling us? Er, Miss Woodhouse, have your nephews taken away your box of alphabet letters? I think... Well, I think Miss Fairfax needs a rest. We all need to relax with a simple game. How good it is to be reminded of the child in us all. Some of us don't need to look that far. How exciting. I do love a good game of alphabet squares. You are so very good at the letters. Let's see what we have here. I am sure we will... I will take care of the invitations to your little strawberry party. What invitations? Oh, I hope I can come! As you can see, quite a few of the possible guests are here. Yes, but as to the rest, leave it to me. No, thank you, but I will manage myself. Married women are the best organisers, leave it to me. No, there is but one married woman in the world who I could ever allow to invite what guests she please to Donwell. Mrs Weston, I suppose. No, Mrs Knightley. And until she is in being, I will manage matters myself. MISS BATES: Oh, yes! I can put that round the other way... But it's still short, isn't it? What have you got, Jane? Have you any others we can add to? Miss Fairfax? Oh, do let me try. I am so hopeless at games. - Mr Knightley, will you help me? - Oh! Blunder! Well done, Harriet. No, no! For shame! - I shall give it to her, shall I? - Where will we put this G? No, you mustn't. No. I did... I did not know that proper words were allowed. - Oh, yes, Jane, let's go. - I will call the carriages. Well, I hope the invitations will arrive in time for the strawberry picking. I am so glad you told Mrs Elton you would not need her help. She really is insufferable! And as for Mrs Knightley, we all wonder who she may ever be! Emma. May I ask, what the great amusement, or rather the poignant sting of the last word, "Dixon", that was given to you and Miss Fairfax? It seemed to give you entertainment and was very distressing to Jane. I could tell you, but you would not approve and would call me a gossip. Hmm. Dear Emma, do you think that you perfectly understand the degree of acquaintance between the gentleman and the lady with whom you shared this joke? Between Frank Churchill and Miss Fairfax? Mmm. Of course! Perfectly! It's just that lately I have imagined that I saw a certain attachment, certain secret looks. Secret looks? (SHE LAUGHS) Goodness me. Um... no. The joke was, I admit, a little... indiscreet, but it was harmless and, I promise you, nothing to do with any kind of attachment between them. It is more that Miss Fairfax has an admirer and Frank and I are trying to work out who it is. There. A childish pursuit we young people like to indulge in, I'm sure you would say. Mr Knightley, I do not know why, but you do not like Frank Churchill. I am sorry for that, but it does not mean that you should start to imagine all sorts of things about him and his behaviour that are mere fancy. I know you are keen to protect me as an older brother would, and I know you think I should behave as I should, and I promise you, I would never do anything to truly injure Miss Fairfax ever again. But if Frank Churchill were in any way attached to Miss Fairfax, and I assure you he is not, then he wouldn't, he would never... He would never share a little joke with you? You surprise me! I have never known you so unjust! Or yourjudgement so inaccurate. Frank Churchill is an amiable young man and I can vouch for his indifference to Miss Fairfax, believe me. Are you... Are you staying for supper? It is almost time and... Oh, er, no, thank you. But I... I just find the fire a little too warm for me tonight. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 