Emma: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Emma 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Emma (2009): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 A picnic is held at Box hill where Emma and Frank get very flirtatious. Emma also scores cheap points at Miss Bates' expense, wounding her,and George gives her a severe telling-off for being insensitive and snobbish. Frank's bullying aunt, who has always been his patron rather than Mr. Weston, dies and Frank reveals that he and Jane have been engaged for several months but kept it secret for fear of the aunt's disapproval. Emma is shocked at Frank's deceit.She also sees the error of her ways in organizing others' lives and encourages Harriet to go after her first love, Robert Martin, preparing herself for a life as a singleton and feeling alone when George goes to London "to learn to be indifferent." However he returns, admitting it was the wrong place to forget Emma and proposes to her. She accepts, and even her neurotic old father is won over. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What a beautiful day for picking strawberries. I cannot remember how long it is since we last came to Donwell. I remember. It was exactly 18 months ago. Knightley likes being in other people's houses and we do not. I have done my best to prepare for your visit, so the day may not be as unpleasant as you expect. You have prepared everything so well for our day. You know how Father loves looking through your collections. (SHE SIGHS) (BRAYING) I'd like to get there before the strawberries are picked. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 These are a very good crop... and it's just the moment to pick them. Oh... Yes, these are the finest beds I've seen. All the best varieties are here, I think... Are you well, Miss Fairfax? They are extremely scarce. Oh, Miss Fairfax. There you are! I've been waiting for you. Jane, I have found you a position as a governess with the Smallridges of Bath. (MUSIC DROWNS SPEECH) I know that you think... I am being over-anxious about your travel plans. I hadn't noticed, Father. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Life is full of catastrophes that come at any time. It seems perverse to invite... I understand, Father. I can hardly bear that your sister lives... a few hours away. I'm a foolish man, aren't I? Isabella and I have always counted ourselves lucky, unlike Frank Churchill and Jane Fairfax... ...that we were not sent away after... We stayed in our own home with our own people. I love Mr Weston, especially now, but I am glad he is not my father. You cannot know what it is to fear until you have a child. I would not trade a million exciting expeditions for that love. And besides, who else would let me be mistress of the house at Hartfield? So, are you still going on your ill-advised trip to Box Hill? And what is more, I give you notice... I fully intend to come back. Miss Fairfax! Miss Fairfax! Oh, Miss Woodhouse! Would you be so kind, when it is noticed I am not here, could you say I have gone home? Of... of course, but surely you are not going to walk to Highbury alone? I am used to walking alone, Miss Woodhouse. But it is too far to walk alone. Let me call the carriage. I would rather walk! I will soon be taking care of children. I cannot be afraid. But that is no reason to put yourself in danger now. It is very hot, you are fatigued. I will call the carriage. I am fatigued. But it is not the usual kind. Miss Woodhouse... we all know what it is to be weary in spirit. I have felt exhausted for so long. The greatest kindness you could do me would be to let me go and only say I have left when it is necessary. Goodbye, Miss Woodhouse. I was thinking how at home you looked. You might be mistress of this house. Oh, I don't think so. Hartfield is enough for me. Think how much you would have to scold me if I was mistress of two domains! Where is Jane going? I do not think she should be walking in this heat. I did try to stop her. I offered her our carriage. Surely... I did! I could not have been more concerned for her safety than if I were mistress of Donwell. She would be alone. And who can blame her? She can have not a moment's peace or calm in Miss Bates's cottage. How her ears must ring! She has to concentrate with that endless tittle-tattle, lending half an ear... She would not be stopped. She is more than halfway home by now. Nothing kills me like this heat! Mrs Weston has been blaming your horse for depositing you in the middle of a field somewhere, but here you are, safe and sound. How pleasant to be absent, but in the thoughts of everyone. I will go and tell her the good news... though you did not have to come. Then I should not have come. My aunt was ill, so it was late when I set off and had to travel in this dreadful weather. Had I known, I wouldn't have left. God! I can bear any degree of cold, but this is just... Oh! Mr Knightley was right - you did not need to put yourself out for us. You will feel cooler if you sit down. As soon as I am cooler, I'll go straight back. It's madness in this heat! I arrive just as everyone's leaving. I saw... I saw Jane Fairfax walking home on the way here. Madness in this weather! Insane! Why don't you go inside and drink something? Or... or maybe some food? Food?! I don't want food. I'm not remotely hungry. It's far too hot. Maybe I'll try some beer... ...if it's not been kept in the warm. I didn't know Knightley had such a distinguished collection. All very well, but wouldn't want to... (CHURCHILL CLEARS HIS THROAT) As soon as my aunt gets well, I'm going abroad. I will not rest until I've seen some of those places. I will write poems or sketch from the top of those mountains. You will never go to Switzerland. Your aunt and uncle will not let you. Maybe they can be persuaded to go, too. A warm climate and fresh air may be prescribed for my aunt. I'm serious. I ought to travel. I want a change. Don't give me that knowing look. I'm sick of England. I'd leave tomorrow if I could. Sick of being rich and prosperous? Sick of indulgence? You must invent a few hardships for yourself and persuade yourself to stay. Me, prosperous?! Indulged?! You are quite mistaken! I do not consider myself a fortunate person. I am thwarted in everything I want! Yet you are not so miserable as when you first arrived. You should eat some more. Have another slice of cold meat, another glass of beer, and you might end up as merry as the rest of us. No, you are, of course, my best cure. I shall not stir. I shall sit by you. We are still going on our trip to Box Hill. You should come with us. It's not Switzerland, but it will be a start. You should come. It will be a good change for a young man in need of it. (CONVERSATION OUTDOORS) Harriet will be there. Oh, if Harriet is coming and you wish me to join the party, I will. Well, I certainly shall not be there and I doubt if anyone will be enjoying themselves. Maybe Mr Knightley has found us a place in the shade. It will probably be just as warm in the shade. I thought you intended to enjoy yourself. I did. I do. (SNEEZES) Thank you. Come. Let's see if we can find the others. Oh, dear! This heat is unbearable. Ah, there you are. They're a miserable bunch, aren't they? They look as though they would rather have stayed at home. Well, I am glad I came. I intend to enjoy the rest of my day. Yes, right to the top... No-one seems really in the mood to share their lunch with the flies. (SHE LAUGHS) (FLIES BUZZ) I blame you entirely. You know that I had no choice! You commanded me! I cannot resist you, from the very first day I met you! Your gallantry, sir, is unanswerable! But, um... (WHISPERS)... no-one else is speaking. We shouldn't be talking such nonsense in front of seven silent people. I am silent for I never want to give offence. I'm not ashamed to repeat myself. From the very first moment I saw Miss Woodhouse in February, let everyone on Box Hill hear me, I found her irresistible! Let me be heard from Mickleham to Dorking! (WHISPERS) Our companions are excessively stupid. Shhh! Your dear wife was sensible to remain at home. Although I think some of us might benefit if our governesses were here. What shall we do to provoke them? Any nonsense will do. They shall be made to talk. Ladies and gentlemen, I am ordered by Miss Woodhouse, who, wherever she is, presides over all ceremonies that she desires to know what you are all thinking of. Well, I was thinking... Well, I am thinking of how hot it is, how we will keep the flies off our pastries, how Mother will be doing at home, how pretty Jane looks, what extraordinary shapes the clouds make one minute and another the next. I always keep what I am thinking to myself. I am the soul of discretion... while some demand that others be indiscreet. Is Miss Woodhouse sure she would like to know what we are all thinking of? Oh, no, please! Tell me anything but the truth of what you all are thinking! Ah, well, now! I am ordered by Miss Woodhouse that she waives her right of knowing what you might all be thinking of and only requires something very entertaining from each of you. Now, she requires either one thing very clever, be it prose or verse, two things moderately clever, or three things very dull indeed. Oh, and she promises she will laugh heartily at all of them. Well, then I shall do very well at your game, Miss Woodhouse. Three things very dull indeed. That will be tailor-made for me. I can be relied upon to say three dull things as soon as I open my mouth. Oh, but there is a difficulty. You will be limited as to number - only three at once! Yes, yes. I see what she means. I will... I will try and hold my tongue. I must be very disagreeable today. MR WESTON: I like this game. I will give you a conundrum. Oh, yes, a conundrum! Let's hear it! It isn't very clever. Here it is. What two letters of the alphabet express perfection? Two letters? - Oh, well, I'm sure I don't know. - Well, I will tell you. M and A. Em-ah. Now you understand? Now we see the kind of clever thing required, but he has spoilt it for all the rest of us. Perfection has clearly come too soon. Miss Woodhouse must excuse me, excuse Mr E and Knightley... Jane. We have nothing clever to say, not one of us. Oh, yes, you must excuse me. I have nothing to say that could possibly entertain Miss Woodhouse. Shall we walk, Augusta? Come, Jane. Happy couple! How well they suit each other! They were lucky to find each other. To think they only had a few weeks' acquaintance in a public place! Hm? How can you learn a person's disposition if you meet them by chance in Bath? It is only by seeing women in their own homes, amongst their own set, just as they always are, that you can really form a properjudgement. Very prudent words. How many a man has committed himself on short acquaintance and regretted it for the rest of his life? Maybe... Hm, sorry, you were saying? Maybe some do... attach themselves hastily. There is time to recover, surely? A lifetime, if one has the will. I mean, it is only weak characters who are determined they will be unhappy for ever. I think I, er... I should have gone with the Eltons to, um, explore. When I come to marry, someone else will have to choose my wife for me. Will, um, will you choose a wife for me? I know I'll like anyone you choose. I'm in no hurry. Find one for me. Adopt her. Educate her. - And make her like myself? - By all means, if you can. (HE LAUGHS) Very well. I undertake your commission. You shall have a very charming wife. She must be very lively and have eyes that are just the same shade as yours. I'll go abroad for a couple of years and when I return, I shall come to claim my wife, remember. Come, Aunt, let me help you. Thank you, my dear. Yes, er, what a good idea. What a capital idea! Let's go and explore, Miss Smith. I don't know how they can walk in this heat. I'm going to leave this country... just as soon as I can book a ticket. I would like to see the view again. - I intend to enjoy the rest of the day. - No, no, no! Stay with me. - Emma! - Have you seen Harriet? I think it's time to leave. Mr Weston will be calling us back. Emma! I must... I must speak with you. I... I cannot see you behaving so without speaking my mind. Badly done, Emma! How could you be so unfeeling towards Miss Bates? I did not think it possible! A woman of her age and situation... I couldn't help it. How could I? Nobody could have resisted. It was not so very bad. I dare say she didn't understand. Oh, I assure you, she did! She has talked of nothing else since. I wish you could have heard her. How patient you must have been with her all these years when you find her company so tiresome! I'm sorry. She is very good-hearted, everybody knows, but she is also, you must admit, a little bit ridiculous! Yes! And were she prosperous, were she a woman of fortune, I would allow you some liberties. Were she your equal. But she's not! She is poor, Emma. She once lived comfortably, but now the longer she lives, the poorer her situation will be. She should attract your compassion, not your contempt! This was badly done, Emma! (SOBS) (DOOR CLOSES) FATHER: Is that you, Emma? How was the great adventure? Was the view spectacular... like the book shows? Yes. Yes, Father. Quite spectacular. I'm glad you enjoyed yourself. I suppose you will be wanting to plan another trip soon? Will you be planning another trip soon? No... No, I don't think so. You can have too much of a good thing. JANE: You must tell her to go, quickly. I cannot bear to see her. MISS BATES: I will tell her you are not well and hopefully she will leave soon. Miss Woodhouse... I am so very sorry to keep you waiting. I did not know... That is, I did not expect anyone so early. Jane has said, er, she could not bear to see anyone. She is... ill... again. Oh, please! I brought a basket of the picnic fare. I do hope nothing has happened to cause Miss Fairfax to relapse. Oh, thank you for asking. You are too kind. She... Jane has been up all night writing letters. She has accepted the situation found by Mrs Elton and she has written to her friends, the Campbells. But I did not think Miss Fairfax wished to accept the post so soon. Nor did I! Only yesterday she assured me she would stay here the summer, but by the evening, she had decided. She is to look after Mrs Smallridge's three little girls, and her salary... You would not believe the salary she is getting, a young woman! If they are anything like myself as a little girl then three of them will be well worth the largest salary! Oh, Miss Woodhouse, you are so kind! But you are always... so kind. I hope Miss Fairfax finds relief and comfort in making her decision. She cried all night as she wrote. She said she was happy, but I've never seen her... cry with joy before. Miss Bates... you have friends in Highbury. Er, myself, my father, Mr Knightley... we are all at your disposal. We are all anxious that you do not worry about Miss Fairfax's future. Is that you, Emma? Ah, Emma, dear. Mr Knightley is going to London, by horse. Most unexpected. I don't know what will come of it. I am on my way to London. Do you have anything you wish me to take? Er, no. No, nothing. So, how was my old friend, hm? Emma was up and about very early to visit Miss Bates. She was pleased with the pies. There was so much food taken to that picnic! It would surely spoil! Dreadful extravagance of meats! I reminded Miss Bates that she is to be our guest next Friday for, er, supper and backgammon. - Won't you come, too? - I'm afraid I will still be away. It is to be a substantial trip. This is a sudden idea, isn't it? It is a sudden decision, but I have been thinking about going away for a while. I am glad Miss Bates liked the food. Goodbye. I don't know why everyone is infected by this wanderlust... ...even sensible Mr Knightley. You know, I believe my father would worry. I believe George is not well - he is listless and snappish. What? You are behaving strangely - not yourself. You did not want to go to dinner with the Cavendishes, you did not wish to take the boys to find frogs in the park. Some might say hesitation was a perfectly normal response to both of those invitations. She says Mr Knightley is not in good humour. That's very unlike him. I told you he should not travel. I think we should re-upholster the chair where Mr Knightley sits. Oh, really? As you wish. What's wrong with it? I am so used to him sitting there... I haven't really looked at that chair in years. I think it's time it had some new covers. "Emma is to refurbish Mr Knightley's chair. "She has also made several attempts to visit Miss Fairfax, "but she is always too ill to receive her. "So, today, Emma sent our best arrowroot "so Miss Fairfax may benefit from its properties." I sent the arrowroot with the very best of intentions but Miss Bates wrote and said that Jane disliked it and was too weak to even venture outside. I am afraid that however hard I try, I will never become Jane's friend. I am truly sorry. Oh! Mrs Churchill is dead! - Why should we care? - John! Frank will be free! Though, of course, we are all very sad that Mrs Churchill has died. Mrs Churchill has not been anyone's favourite person for several years. Suddenly she is dead and we all have to be sorry! I am so very happy at this... dreadful news. It is, of course, very sad, but it is also extremely interesting. You know the Westons have always intended Emma... People marry who they choose. You should not encourage idle matchmaking. We may look to the future. Frank may do as he chooses. What is it? Are you well? Is everything all right? Oh, yes. Do not be alarmed, Emma. I don't know how to tell you. Isabella? Oh, the children? Knightley? Oh, tell me quick, please! Oh, no! Oh, dear Emma... It's Frank. Frank is engaged to Jane Fairfax. Jane... Fairfax?! You are not serious! There has been a solemn engagement between them since October, since they were at Weymouth. Well, I... I think I might need a good... half day to think about this. Engaged?! To her?! All winter, before either of them came back to Highbury? I thought I knew him. This has hurt me deeply, Emma, and his father. We cannot excuse a certain part of his conduct. But why did he come amongst us - already engaged - and then pretend to be so very unengaged? It all had to be so very secret, you see. Mrs Churchill would have forbidden the liaison if she... Apparently, there were times when the secret nearly came out. (COUGHS) Oh... It was a mistake. And he was on the verge of telling you himself on one particular occasion. In short, perhaps, Miss Woodhouse, as you know everything, you could hardly be without suspicion. Oh, Emma... Do not distress yourself. Do not trouble yourself on my part. I did... once... imagine myself to be in love with him. But I can honestly say that for many months past, I have not thought of him in that way. But... ...I was not in love with him. But how was he supposed to know that? How could Jane bear it - waiting for him and looking on while he gave attentions to another woman? No wonder she cannot stand the sight of me! So unlike what a man should be! No truth, no principle, no integrity. Badly done indeed! And moreover, what about Mrs Smallridge? He allowed Jane to contract herself out as a governess - without speaking up! Shame on him! - Ah, now... I must excuse him that, at least. He did not know. Jane agreed to take the position because she could not wait any longer. I am fatigued, but it is not the usual kind. And because they argued at Donwell. I saw... I saw Jane Fairfax walking home on the way here. Madness in this weather! Insane! But as soon as he found out, and with his aunt no longer opposed, he threw himself on Jane's kindness and put an end to the months of misery. "Months of misery"! Is that what we were?! And here was I thinking we welcomed him back to Highbury with openness and friendship! I... I suppose we must... wish them both very happy. Where shall we go, hm? What shall we do? For the first time in our lives, we can do anything we want. Let us try to be sensible, give it some thought. Mm. How about a dance? (HE LAUGHS) Oh, Miss Woodhouse. Have you heard the news? Frank Churchill and Miss Fairfax! (SHE LAUGHS) Who would have thought it? Well, you would have, Miss Woodhouse, but they have fooled you along with the rest of us - you with your superior powers for sniffing out a match! Actually, I'm beginning to doubt I ever had such a talent. You cannot think I would have encouraged you to have feelings for Mr Churchill if I had the slightest suspicion that he had the smallest regard for Jane Fairfax. Me?! Why should you worry about me? You cannot think that I think about Frank Churchill! Well, I'm delighted you seem so indifferent, but you must admit there was a time not so very long ago when you had me believe you were a little interested. Me?! No, never. Miss Woodhouse, you are mistaken. But then who? I don't see how in the world you could have misunderstood me! - I know we agreed never to name him... - We did! ...but considering he is infinitely superior to everyone else, who else do you think I mean? Frank Churchill indeed! I hope I have better taste than to think of Frank Churchill! I did think it was too great a presumption, almost... to dare even think of him, but then you said, here in this room, this very spot, I think, well, you said... More wonderful things have happened. There have been many happy and unequal marriages. So I thought, if you gave me hope, you who have known him all your life... Harriet... Oh, no, you cannot... Harriet, am I right in thinking that you are talking of Mr Knightley? To be sure. W-We talked it over here in this room. I... I-I could swear that you named Frank Churchill. His great service to you - he chased the gypsies away. He practically carried you here! I perfectly remember the occasion. I said it was no surprise that you should hold feelings for him, how normal it was, and I particularly remember you going into great detail about your sensations when he came to your rescue! Oh! I know what you're talking about! I was thinking of something quite different - not the gypsies or Frank Churchill. I was thinking of Mr Knightley coming and asking me to dance, for that was what made me begin to feel how superior he is to every other being on Earth. Miss Woodhouse? But... I know that this is a surprise, but even so... And even though you must think he is five million times above me, but I really do hope that - in your own words - more wonderful things have happened. If he doesn't mind, then I am sure you are too generous a friend to set yourself against us? Us?! Harriet... ...have you any idea of Mr Knightley... returning your affections? Um, yes. I must say that I have. Miss Smith has some first-rate qualities. I was surprised by our conversation. Ever since the ball, he has often taken me aside. At strawberry picking, he took such care to explain crop rotation to me. Are you sure he wasn't talking of Robert Martin, trying to remind you of his good qualities? No! Certainly not! I hope I know better than to be suspected of caring for Robert Martin! I should never have presumed it but for you... Let us think of superior men. There are plenty of more suitable suitors around. Mr Knightley is the last man in the world... who would intentionally give any woman the idea of his feeling more for her than he really does. Thank you so much, Miss Woodhouse! I am so very happy! You must go. Yes, I am in too much of a state to see your father. How he would worry! Please, I think you should stop talking and go. I need to think about this. I wish to God I had never met her. How stupid I am! How blind I've been! Harriet and Mr Knightley? I have been so busy managing everyone else's heart, I do not know my own. For, if Mr Knightley is to marry anyone, that someone should surely... ... be me. Too late. Too late. And it is all my own fault. Oh, my goodness! It is not possible. Frank Churchill and Jane Fairfax are engaged to be married and have been attached for several months! Jane was so very mortified, so keen for forgiveness, we forgave her on the spot. They are so very well matched. Are you well, Emma? Oh, yes. I am always well. (DOOR OPENS) There you are! Oh, you are angry with me? With you? No. Why would I be? I thought you had a look about you to scold me, as you used to. Oh. Thank you. Time, Emma, will heal the wound. Abominable scoundrel! They will soon be gone to Yorkshire. I feel sorry for her! You are talking of Mr Churchill and Miss Fairfax? Mmm. I, er... I must put the record straight. You are mistaken if you feel I am in need of your compassion. No. No, honestly. I was blind to their... attachment, and I blush when I think of some of the things that I said and did... ...but please believe me when I say that I have no other reason to regret I did not know their secret earlier. I have to confess, I was not quite sure how far you were entangled. However small your regard, he did not deserve it. He is a disgrace to the name of man. I am ashamed of my conduct. My vanity was flattered. When he first came back, I... ...I thought I was attracted to him, but I have been examining the workings of my heart and I can, truly, say this. He has taken advantage of me... ...but he has not injured me. Frank Churchill is a fortunate man. He finds an ideal mate, his aunt is in the way, his aunt dies. He has used everybody badly, yet they are all desperate to forgive him. You speak as though you envied him. I do envy him, Emma. His secret is out at least. You will not ask me my secret? Yes, you are wise, but I cannot be, - so... I must tell you. - No, please, don't tell me! Take a little time to think of what you are going to say. For once said, it cannot be unsaid! I will obey you. Wait. Wait! Please, stop! I am sorry. We are old friends. I will hear anything you want... about anyone. And I will tell you exactly what I think, as your friend. I don't... Friends indeed! I do want you to be honest. So, tell me. Have I no chance of succeeding? My dearest Emma... ...for that is what you always have been, and you always will be... My most beloved Emma. I cannot make speeches. If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more. But you know what I am. I have lectured you and scolded you... and you have borne it as no other woman would have. Can this be true? You'll get nothing but the truth from me. So tell me what you think. I find... I do not know what to think. Maybe I have Frank Churchill to thank for making me first aware of being in love with you. I have a feeling that it started the exact moment he returned home. I saw my life here in a different light. Exposed to others and, er, defenceless if they chose to plunder it. I knew after Box Hill. I went to London, so I could learn to be indifferent. But I chose the wrong place to try to forget you. I was talking to Harriet. Harriet? I do not mind what we talk of. We can talk of Harriet if you must. (GIGGLES) After talking to Harriet on a... ...on a secret matter of her heart... ...I examined my own heart and there you were. Never, I fear... ...to be removed. You know I love you and I always will, but we can never marry. That's all! Emma! Emma! Emma. Emma. You must know! I could never leave him! Of course. Your father. I too have been giving it some thought. He has spent the whole of my life terrified that this would happen, that I would be taken from Hartfield. He could not bear it! And I will not do it! As I said, as I said, I have been putting my mind to a solution. - There is no solution! - Well, I have been thinking. Now, my heart is here. And what does it matter where I live, if my heart is in the right place? I will move to Hartfield, for as long as necessary. You would do that... for me? I might walk back and forth a couple of times a day for my constitution. But... I would do far more, without a second thought. So... let us go and tell him. - What, now?! - Mmm, yes. Now. Oh. Oh! (LAUGHS AND SOBS) John! I have some news for you. I don't think you will like it. I, Harriet Smith, take thee, Robert Martin, to be my wedded husband. To have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer. - I congratulate you on your choice. - Harriet! Tell me, Miss Woodhouse, you never did imagine this to be our story, did you? No, I did not. I have been soundly chastised by all I hold dear. Well, you are not entirely innocent. No. I am sorry. Look at her, isn't she divine? An angel sent to me on Earth. Then treat her well. Well, I cannot promise to be forever serious. But I will promise you that. (CHURCH BELLS RING) Mr Knightley. Wheel me over there. I want to see Mrs Weston's new baby. Isn't it marvellous? Mother has found her voice! I hope, at last, we can be friends. I have written and rewritten to you a thousand times to ask your forgiveness. It is of no matter. She is so beautiful. I mean, I do find that daughters are... When's the wedding? My father hopes never. I will still be engaged at 70! I was terribly worried... Is it time? Yes. - Are they waiting? - Yes. It's an eternity. Two weeks and then I'll be back. You still don't know where you're going? It's a surprise. (CLOCK CHIMES) Ah, you must be off. - Don't want to be driving... - After sundown. I'm sorry. Marvellous! So they're off on a mystery honeymoon while I get to protect the chickens. It is a miracle that Father was persuaded to let them go at all, ever. But there is a wolf about and we need a man to protect the chickens. Oh! The seaside! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 