Emma: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Emma 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Emma (2009): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Whilst other children from their village, Jane Fairfax and Frank Weston, are sent away to be raised by wealthier relatives, Frank's surname being changed to Churchill, Emma and Isabella Woodhouse remain with their testy, selfish widowed father until Isabella marries John Knightley, whose brother is a frequent visitor to the Woodhouses, though Isabella moves to London with her spouse. Emma shamelessly match-makes former nanny Miss Taylor with Frank's father and is triumphant when they marry. Looking around for another match, she decides that Harriet Smith, an orphan who has become her companion is too good for the young farmer Martin and should aspire to be the wife of the vicar, Mr. Elton. Regardless of what Harriet thinks. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: Emma Woodhouse was born with the sun shining... ... to a father who always expected the worst... ... and a carefree mother whose smile Emma was not to remember. One day, the worst did happen. And as he watched his wife leave home for the last time... Mr Woodhouse resolved never to let his daughters out of sight again... ... except under the careful eye of their governess... Ann Taylor. And so the sun continued to shine brightly on Emma. We must hurry, Dr Perry, she has taken a turn for the worse. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Come along, Emma. But other children in Highbury were not so fortunate. Young Frank Weston's world was turned upside down. I will take the child, Mr Weston, for the sake of my foolish sister... but he will live with me always and his name will be Frank Churchill. NARRATOR: And little Jane Fairfax's life was never to be the same, when her aunt fell on hard times. - (WOMAN SOBS) - It's for the best, we must let Jane go. Captain Campbell is very well set up. He will give her the education we cannot. But we can't let the child go. Our lovely little girl... We will have to leave this house soon, for one smaller. We promised that we would do our best for Jane. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Now remember, Jane, you write to us as often as you can. You will become wonderfully accomplished at everything. Captain Campbell is not frightening. Be a good girl, Jane. And so Jane and Frank were forced to leave Highbury and trust their fortune to strangers... - Look! ...while Emma stayed at home... ... with very little to distress or vex her... - Where's she going, Miss Taylor? - .... for many years to come. Miss Campbell was afraid that perhaps they were too young, but Jane's very keen when she applies herself. She always excels. And then, Jane says they are to go to the seaside. Isn't that splendid, Miss Taylor? Shh, Emma doesn't know anything about the seaside, it's best that children don't. Jane's handwriting is very accomplished. There is nothing she cannot do. She excels at everything. Everything! I'm so glad, there was never a moment's doubt that Colonel Campbell would look after her as his own daughter. Going away was the best thing that happened to her. Wasn't it, Mother? And then Jane says - that she and Miss Campbell... - (SIGHS) ...have begun learning the pianoforte. Colonel Campbell has a very large piano. - (SIGHS) ...She played piano to the guests. Did I tell you how well Jane plays, Miss Taylor? And she speaks French like a native, though I'm not sure that's so sensible... I'm going to ask Mr Knightley to teach me Chinese. Do you think Jane could read Chinese? Oh, I'm sure... I'm sure she could. I thought it was backwards. I'm sure Jane is equal to anything. Did I tell you she is halfway through her reading list of at least 100 titles? 100. (YAWNS) I suppose you've come to tell me off about the Chinese. Yes, I heard about that. I'm sure Miss Bates wasn't upset, - but you should... - Be kind to her. Yes, yes, I know. That's just what Miss Taylor keeps telling me. Jane is an orphan and Miss Bates has come down in the world and I do try. It's just that... Jane seems to write to her aunt every week and she seems to gain at least eight accomplishments between one and the next. And Miss Bates comes here every week to tell us about them. - Emma! - What are you doing? I've compiled a list of books to read. 101 titles. So that I might not be so uneducated compared to Jane Fairfax. - Oh, see, I have started. - Milton. Impressive. Mmm. It is the first on the list. (WOMAN SHRIEKS) (LAUGHS) There are John and Isabella again. They are impossible! (HE BANGS ON WINDOW) I'm sure Jane Fairfax is not remotely good at things I do well. She may excel at words and music but, er... but people... their hopes, their dreams, their aspirations, there I am the expert. Really? I don't imagine you could even tell us - if we've got any hopes and dreams? - Not you, silly. You're not the romantic sort... But, er... but my sister and your brother. John and Isabella?! Surely not. Surely yes. It's been my express wish and intent for six months now. But they have known each other as long as you and I. In fact, longer. Indeed, so a little careful prodding was necessary. If, if, they like each other enough to marry, it will be because they themselves wish it, not because you do. But I think there's nothing in it. You are mistaken, as always. I, Isabella Woodhouse take thee, John Knightley, to be my wedded husband. London. London, all the way to London. Might as well be the moon. I will look after you. All will be as before. (WHISPERING) Lucky guess. Nothing lucky about it. Just talent and intuition. Right... who will be next? I wonder... And so the years pass... and the seasons change... ...and we give thanks to the Lord for his mercy. And in the Lord's own book we find the words to voice our thanks for these natural wonders. God of our salvation... ...you who are the hope of all the ends of the Earth, by his power... Good morning, Mr Elton. Good morning, Miss Woodhouse. I trust you are in good health. Very well, thank you. - Good morning, Mr Weston. - Yes, my dear. Mr Weston. And the more so, for this very morning I have finally secured the purchase of Randalls Estate. Oh, congratulations! It is such a fine house, and so close to us at Hartfield. We will be neighbours. What does Mr Frank Churchill think about this? Surely he must come home, at long last, to visit us and to see your new house? I have written to him already. (THUNDER RUMBLES) Don't worry, ladies, I always bring a spare umbrella with me for spring walks. We are in your debt, Mr Weston. But a man with two umbrellas cannot get wet. I'm sure there's room under the large one for both of you. Miss Taylor, it would be an honour to receive you one day, at Randalls... - I would be delighted, Mr Weston. - Splendid. Oh, dear, oh, dear! Poor Miss Taylor! You must stop this at once, Emma, this matchmaking. It is of the greatest misfortune for poor Miss Taylor. Just think, she's been with us and our family for 17 years. She might have stayed here till she died, if you'd left well alone. Misfortune?! But now she has the greatest future ahead - a husband she loves, a house and maybe even a family. A family?! Surely not? Surely you would not deny her that. She's looked after us so well and for so long! Mothers die and that is a fact. Miss Taylor is not young. Oh, dear. You should not make matches or predictions. Unfortunately, they all come true. Everybody said that Mr Weston would never remarry. Yet I knew, from that day with the umbrellas, that he would marry Miss Taylor. It is my greatest success! (SCOFFS) Success?! And how do you reckon that? Success implies endeavour. Just saying to yourself, "I think it would be a fine thing "if Miss Taylor and Mr Weston were to marry," and then repeating it to yourself every so often, is not the same as bringing it about. Just at the moment when Mr Weston bought Randalls and was considering how to fill it, - I was there to smooth the way. - (DOOR OPENS) Ah, just in time. Emma was in the process of likening you to some new drapes or a sofa. I believe congratulations are in order. Oh, we have so much to plan, for, of course, as Hartfield is as much your home as mine, we will have the wedding here. Then there is the guest list to compile. Will Frank Churchill be coming? Well, he has written to congratulate us and assures us he will be here. You would think so. It would be the least he could do for his father. Oh, then there is the cake to think about. Oh, no, no - no cake, surely not! Well, yes, Father. You would not wish to appear ungenerous. Ungenerous? I am the soul of generosity! Yes, of course you are, so there must be cake! No, no. Cake is bad for you, especially the young. No cake. (CHILDREN SHOUT) James, Henry, out! (CHILDREN LAUGH) - Hey, come back here. - Never! I've no wonder Father is concerned for Miss Taylor. After all, she is not young, and uprooting to Randalls, though it is but half a mile, will be an upheaval for all. You moved here, my love, all the way to Brunswick Square, London. Yes, of course, but I never would have done so unless there was Emma to leave in charge of Hartfield and Father. So Emma must never be allowed to marry? Well, she has no wish to. She does not need to. Anyway, a husband might expect to tell her what to do, and she won't like that at all. She is too busy marrying off the whole of Highbury to each other. You will return to find Miss Bates engaged! BOYS: Uncle George, Uncle George! Yes, I know, I know, I promised. Put me down, Uncle George! Put me down! WOMAN: Children, mind the flowers! And stay away from the cake! Don't run so fast. Oh, Dr Perry, I do so wish I could have prevented the cake. I know how strongly you disapprove. I'm so sorry that Frank was not able to come after all. Yes, my dear. He was very sorry to miss the occasion. His aunt could not spare him. She's so very ill. I think he does it to increase his mysteriousness. He deliberately has not come back to Highbury all these years, since he was a little boy. We ladies can only be more intrigued and savour our anticipation until he does visit, which will be very soon, I'm sure. MAN: Mr Weston. Mr Baker... Though she would never have admitted it to anyone, Emma felt, just for one moment, a strange sensation, that maybe... through her own endeavours, she was about to lose something that might never be recovered. CHILDREN: Can we have some cake? Please? No cake, no cake. Shoo, shoo. - Please! - Go away. - But Father! - What? The children are allowed to eat the cake! It's not good for them, makes them too excited. Look at the way they run around. - Goodbye. - Goodbye. I shall miss you. Now, Emma, enough is enough. No more matchmaking. This house cannot stand another departure. Oh, certainly, your father is right, Miss Woodhouse. This is a poor empty old house now there's just you and your father here. A ghost house. I wonder you'll be able to sleep at night. Oh, I'm sure my mother and I are so very pleased that our little home is so very cosy. We have no time to feel lonely or as if the world has left us behind. Well, then, what a happy day that we've had. I'm sure, Mother. Don't you think? We really have had a wonderful time. I feel quite exhausted, I'm sure you must, too. We'll have a very happy journey home, with the sun on our faces. (CONTINUES CHATTERING) Emma, let me give him some food. Ann said I could feed him. I'm going to put him to bed. It's my turn, Isabella. He's not tired yet. He wants something to eat. He wants some toast. Here, look, he wants to kiss... WOMAN: Emma, Isabella, it's time to go. Come and get your hats on. Come on, let's go and find Miss Taylor. So, how was the wedding? Who cried most? Cook told me the Perry children took all the cake. I don't believe her. It's good of you to exert yourself this evening, to visit us here after yourjourney. It is a short walk and I am fond of it. I think we are part of his exercise regime. A mile's walk and a daily scolding of Emma is just what Dr Perry prescribes! Randalls is only half a mile away. It's an easy walk, and by carriage you might visit the Westons - several times a day, if you chose. - True. I have already had the coachman measure the journey. And now that I have returned from London, I thought you might like to hear more about the new addition to our family. Baby Emma... is already looking every bit as lively and mischievous as her aunt. Mrs Goddard, you have such a lovely school! If Jane had not had the good fortune to stay with the Campbells, I always say that this school, with its wonderful gardens and so much... (INHALES)... fresh air... Don't I always say? Well, we see you all at church on Sundays. You and a long line of little ones walking after you. It's a lovely sight. Oh, my goodness! Oh, Miss Woodhouse, walking alone! Why, yes. It is not safe... and now Miss Taylor has become Mrs Weston, you must find a walking companion. What if you'd met the gypsies?! Oh, but they are on the west fields and Mr Knightley says they are not bad sorts of travellers. Indeed, they travel here every year. All the other paths are safe. I have walked here all my life. I am not going to stay inside just because Miss Taylor is married. Is she settled at Randalls? Oh, you must miss her very much, Miss Woodhouse. Are we always to expect you without her company on your future visits? Alone, that is? Oh... I hope not. I mean... naturally, we will not be so much together, out and about as we used to be, but then we were always inseparable and it is natural that things will be... different. To be sure. I'm sure you'll find another companion. Who is that young woman? Wait! That is Harriet Smith, one of our most popular boarders. Harriet has been with us since she was a very pretty young girl. She will remain here to help with the little ones. She has been to stay at her friends', the Martins, for the holidays. She likes them so much she cannot say goodbye. What a pretty girl! Where does she come from? Who are her family? Oh, she is the, er, the... the natural daughter of... Well, we don't really know who, but they are very generous. She has wanted for no comfort all these years and everything is extremely regular and paid upfront. She is obviously the daughter of someone very refined. Nobility, probably, since money is no object. Do come for supper at Hartfield next Tuesday, Mrs Goddard. And bring Harriet Smith... ...if you would be so kind. Just for a moment there, I imagined that nothing had changed. Miss Taylor in her usual place and nothing unpleasant occurred. - Yes. - Mrs Weston, Father! And we have a delightful new addition to our party. (DOOR OPENS) Excuse me, Miss Woodhouse. I have been delayed in the village on the errand of one whose business I hold only just in higher regard than yours. On whose business? - The Almighty's. - God's? Oh! Of course. God's business, just a little more regard than Miss Woodhouse. Yes. I see. How very civil. You are most welcome, Mr Elton, as always. I think I only have one introduction to make. My special friend, Miss Harriet Smith. Well, Miss Woodhouse's special friend can be one... no less to me. Harriet will be joining me this week when I go to visit the poor. Bravo. Hm. (PEOPLE CHATTER AROUND DINNER TABLE) I don't know what you think of this new intimacy between Emma and Harriet Smith, but I think it could be a bad thing. Oh, do you really? How very differently we feel. Are we going to have one of our quarrels about Emma, Mr Knightley? Well, perhaps you think I came down here on purpose to quarrel with you, knowing Mr Weston to be out and you must argue your own case. Well, Mr Weston would certainly support me if he were here. You live alone, Mr Knightley, and I do not think it possible for a man to appreciate how much a woman needs the companionship of another woman. And though I am but half a mile away, I know that in all modesty, Emma will miss my company dreadfully. It was the one drawback to my accepting my husband's proposal. How we are all drawn to Hartfield like magnets and cannot leave. I've heard Emma say a dozen times she will never marry. If you find it difficult to leave her, imagine how she will ever leave her father! Well, we will see. I am sure that obstacle can be surmounted in the event of a happy liaison. But not just yet. Did she not look well last night? Have you ever seen such loveliness! Such good health and bloom! I have never had any fault to find in Emma's person. She's always been the cleverest and the prettiest of the family. Emma has always been of special regard. I love to look at her and she's not vain about her looks. No, her vanity lies in another direction and you have cleverly put me off its discussion. I am not to be talked out of my dislike of her intimacy with Harriet Smith and my fear it will do them both harm. It will play to Emma's vanity. And I see no harm at all. Harriet will benefit from Emma's superior position. Of course she is not the ideal companion for her but then, who is her equal in Highbury? And Harriet can, in return, she... Well... they can read together. You are always telling Emma she should read more. Emma has been meaning to read more since she was ten years old. She makes a good list, I'll concede, but I don't see how Harriet Smith could get her to read any of the books on it any more than you could. Don't worry, Harriet, you are doing well indeed, for a beginner. - Good morning, Miss Smith. - Good morning, Mr Martin. - I hope I find you well. - Very well indeed, thank you. I do hope that your mother and sisters are in good health. Very good health, thank you. I wonder, did you manage to find the book I recommended? The Romance Of The Forest. No, I'm afraid I didn't. But I've asked my sisters to look out for it and, well, I'll read it as soon as I can manage. Well, good day. Harriet, who was that young man? Oh, that was my Mr Martin. You know, my friend that I spent such a happy summer with. But I thought the Martins were a middle-aged couple with two daughters? Oh, no! There is no older Mr Martin. Young Mr Martin runs the farm. - I'm surprised you do not know him. - MAN: Ladies. He often visits Mr Knightley and I am sure he knows you. Three apples, please. It would be that way around. He would know me, but I am not sure why I would know a farmer. - Thank you very much. - Thank you. Harriet, is there any reason why you would call that young man "your Mr Martin"? I meant my friend Mr Martin. Tell me, what do you think of him? - Is he so very plain, do you think? - He is remarkably plain. I suppose one would not expect very much of a farmer, but I had no notion he would be so very clownish. To be sure. He is not so genteel as a real gentleman. Oh, I mean no offence, I'm sure. A farmer has no need to be genteel, but I would have thought that now you have been exposed to some very good specimens of well-bred, well-educated men at Hartfield, you would be struck by how unfavourable a companion your Robert Martin presents. Miss Woodhouse. Another letter from Jane! Won't you and Miss Smith step inside for tea while I read it to you? Oh, I'm sorry, Miss Bates. Harriet and I are going to visit the poor. We will come and listen tomorrow on our usual visit. Ah, well... Good, then. Well, till tomorrow. That was a very lucky escape. I hope I never bore people a tenth as much about all the little Knightleys as Miss Bates does about Jane Fairfax. I am sick of the very name Jane Fairfax. Every letter must be read 40 times over. She bores me to death! Which is a pity, because Jane, Frank Churchill and I are bound together in a mysterious sort of way. Frank is like a lost boy, never to return home. Not even for his father's wedding. How sad. There's a letter from Jane, Mother, to warm us. I asked Miss Woodhouse if she would like to hear it, but she cannot. She is so very busy on vicarage business, but never mind. She will hear it tomorrow, on Wednesday, as usual. Now, what did I do with my... Oh, yes, here we are. I did wonder Mr Martin didn't remember to read the book I suggested. It was a romance. He thinks too much of business for The Romance Of The Forest? What kind of man is that? - If he is like that at... - Four and twenty. ...four and twenty, just think what he'll be like when he's older. He will be a totally gross, vulgar, inattentive farmer who thinks of nothing but profit and loss. I do wonder he did not remember the book. Oh, don't be upset, Harriet. Let's cheer ourselves up. Let us think of superior men. There are plenty of more suitable suitors around. Whoa. Come on, boy. That is a very good tree. Ah! How accomplished young women are in all areas these days. You flatter us, Mr Elton. Oh, yes, I see how you have tried to capture the... the light and the... the atmosphere... So delicate, yet so... eloquent. I remember you and Emma painting in exactly that way. Easels just so. I suppose things must change. I think her friendship with Harriet is a very good thing. Emma is an excellent teacher, and you would not want her to be so lonely without me that she wished to be elsewhere. Elsewhere? Emma? No, not possible. Who would run the house? Emma is no longer a child, but a mature young woman. My work as governess is done... ...but I will always be a friend to her and to you. MR ELTON: This truly is... With no exaggeration, I have seen lesser works in... Mr Elton? Do you not think what an excellent subject the human form would be? A watercolour of Miss Smith. What do you say to that? Oh, yes, indeed. A depiction by your fair hand of Miss Smith. That... That would be perfection. I think I should like that more than anything. Now, I must be going. Just a short visit to thank you and, of course, Miss Smith, for your sterling work in the parish. What did I tell you? I knew there would be suitors soon enough. Whose portrait do you think Mr Elton has commissioned me to paint? Whose? - Why, yours, of course. - Oh, no, Miss Woodhouse. Are you sure? Absolutely! What did he say to you before he left? Oh, that my painting is coming along splendidly. - Oh, he really must be in love. - Oh, Miss Woodhouse, what shall I do? How should I ever behave towards him? Oh, do not worry, Harriet. I will be your guide. You will be married by the New Year. Robert Martin! Is that you? No, no, Miss Smith. You must keep your pose... like a statue. The, er... The great artist must be allowed time to create. Not a fraction, Miss Smith. The painting must be perfect. You're quite sure this is a prudent course of action? Yes, sir. Hmm, the plan seems sound. I've known you how long now? And I've never known you put the farm at risk in any way. Are you sure you wouldn't be more sensible to consider this development in a few years? How old are you? - About four and twenty? - I am 24. I do not want to waste my life. I see no reason to delay something I have set my mind on. Then I'm surprised that you wish to hear my thoughts on your expansion project. You don't strictly need my permission. - Good luck, Robert. - Thank you, sir. - Miss Smith? - Yes. - Has she got a letter? - Who's it from? Miss Smith! What's your letter for? Oh! There's too many pies, Amy... Miss Woodhouse! Excuse me. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Oh, Miss Woodhouse, Miss Woodhouse. You will never guess. Calm down, Harriet. Whatever is the matter? What should I do? It is such a surprise. This was sent to me this morning. It is a proposal from Robert Martin. Well, at least I thought it was when I read it. It is a very good letter, is it not? I'm sure... I do not know. It is a delightful surprise. Or is it unwelcome? But, well, he writes as though he loves me very much. Well? Well, is it a good letter? Or is it... ...too short? It is a good letter. So much so, I think it likely one of his sisters wrote it for him. But it is a better written letter than I expected. I hope I am honest enough to say that. Well, what should I do? What should you do? What do you mean? Oh, in regards to the letter? Well, you must answer it, - and straight away. - Yes. Yes, I knew you'd know. But... Oh, dear, what shall I say? Oh, Harriet, no. The wording of the letter must be all your own. I'm sure you can manage. You must be very clear and properly conscious of the pain you will inflict. Oh. So you think I ought to refuse him, then? Ought to ref? Oh, pardon me! I imagined you asked me merely to advise you as to the phrasing. So you actually want to accept Robert Martin? I don't know. I... I do. I don't. Oh, Miss Woodhouse, please... help me. I can have nothing to do with your decision, Harriet. It is up to you to know your own feelings. I really had no idea he liked me so very much. I think as a general rule, if a woman doubts whether to accept a man or not, she really ought to refuse him. Although, of course, I... I do not want to influence you. But please. Please do. Do influence me. If you would be so kind? Miss Woodhouse, I am determined. I... I really am. Almost. I have made up my mind to... refuse Mr Martin? Do you think I'm right? Perfectly. Perfectly right. Oh, oh! Oh! When you were all in suspense, I kept my feelings to myself, but now you are decided, I congratulate you! Oh, oh, thank goodness I am in no danger of losing your company for ever. Oh, no, I could never have visited Mrs Robert Martin of Abbey Mill Farm. Oh, now I am secure of my little friend for ever. Oh, dear Miss Woodhouse, I would not give up the pleasure of your friendship for anything in the world. However, I really do think Mr Martin an amiable young man, and so very attracted to me. Come, sit. You must write immediately. It would be unfeeling and discourteous to delay your refusal. (SHE CLEARS HER THROAT) Oh! What artistry. What perfection. How cleverly you have suggested the, er, the Greek atmosphere and the landscape, in only a few deft strokes. What do you think, Mr Woodhouse? Has Miss Woodhouse not surpassed herself on this occasion? It's charming, extremely charming. But don't you think Miss Smith should be wearing a more substantial shawl? Er, no. It is a summer scene, Father. Young girls can get a chill even in sunny weather. No, Father, Miss Smith posed in this very room without the slightest fear of draught. Well, we don't want to encourage people to take unnecessary risks, now. Well, I do not see how it could be bettered. You have captured Miss Smith to perfection. We must get it properly framed. Next time John and Isabella come, we'll get them to take it to London, have it framed for you. But that may be some weeks away. Might I offer my services? I could ride to town and back in a day on such a... a precious errand. Emma, my dear. I've done one of my three turns. Could I ask you for some help? Could you tie my scarf, make it a bit more secure? Do you think I should finish my walk? Of course, we must keep to routine. Ah, Mr Knightley. Do forgive me, I have to walk and when I've started, I can't stop. Will you be all right with just Emma for company? Because I can... Oh, I think Emma and I can manage by ourselves for now. No Miss Smith today, looking fetching amongst the roses? I thought she was becoming a fixture. No, no, I'm not teasing you. Miss Smith is a pretty little creature and I am inclined to think her character improved. And I think she has improved due to your influence. Thank you. And as you never praise me unless you can possibly help it, that must be a compliment. She will be here soon if she can extricate herself from the Highbury gossips. Tiresome wretches. It's possible that she is more tolerant of tiresome wretches than you are. But maybe she is delayed on far more pleasant business. - Really? - I have good reason to believe that your friend will soon receive good news. And it is news that will appeal to you. Any of your brides and bridegrooms still live under there? No. I am quite grown out of dolls. So, let me tell you. Mr Robert Martin is desperately in love with your Miss Smith and means to marry her. There. I have surprised you for once. He came to speak to me about it, and despite my doubts about the match, I gave my blessing. This was the day before yesterday. I'm surprised your friend has been able to keep the good news to herself. I thought he would have spoken yesterday, he was so determined. How do you know that Mr Martin did not voice his thoughts yesterday? I do not know it absolutely. I thought she spent the whole day with you. Now I will tell you something. Mr Martin did speak yesterday. That is, he wrote, and he was refused. Then she is an even greater simpleton than I thought! Oh, of course, it is incomprehensible that a woman would ever refuse an offer of marriage. A man imagines a woman ready for anyone who asks her. A man does not imagine any such thing. Harriet Smith refuse Robert Martin? It's madness. Maybe you are mistaken. I saw her answer. Nothing could be clearer. You saw her answer? Hello. You wrote it. You persuaded her to refuse him. Emma, look at me! This is your doing. I am sure of it. You could never lie to me with any success. Mr Martin is a very respectable young man, I am sure. But I will not agree that he is Harriet's equal. No, he is not her equal. He is far her superior. Ha! Harriet Smith is the natural daughter of nobody knows whom. She's not a sensible girl and has been taught nothing useful. She's no experience and little wit. She is pretty, good-tempered, maybe. But that is all. I felt that in all respects, he could do no worse. But he was so in love with her, he is so in love with her, that he would not be reasoned with. I thought, "Even Emma will think that this is a good match." I can't believe you know so little of Emma as to say such a thing. A farmer, a good match for my intimate friend? It would be a degradation. A degradation? For illegitimacy and ignorance to be married to a respectable, intelligent farmer? There can scarcely be any doubt that her father was a gentleman, and a gentleman of fortune. Nothing has been begrudged her. Why should the child pay for the offences of others? Harriet is a gentleman's daughter, she associates with gentlemen's daughters. She is therefore superior to your Robert Martin. Emma, Emma, we live in the real world, where children do pay for the offence of their parents, and it does not appear to be in their plans to introduce Harriet into their society, whoever they may be. But we live here, in Highbury, where we treat people with the respect and courtesy they deserve. Harriet's friends, whoever they may be, thought Mrs Goddard's boarding school and company good enough for Harriet. And Harriet also thought it good enough until you encouraged her to think above her station. She was as happy as possible with the Martins in the summer. And Robert has no vanity. He would not have proposed if he thought that she did not favour him. I know that she must have encouraged him. Well, then, let us, as you say, live in the real world, where men, of course, always reject a girl with a pretty face in favour of one with a well-informed mind. - What? - Oh, no, no, no. I bow to your superior knowledge, your 16 years more experience. You must know best. Harriet, with her good looks and her easy temperament, will be right at the back of the queue with your sex when it comes to choosing a mate. Now we have both made our argument, let us not quarrel. Mmm! Really, it is better to be without wits than apply them as you do, Emma. There. Don't you see how you add force to my argument? Men don't like girls who argue. Harriet is just the sort of girl every man wants. She bewitches his senses and satisfies him that he is always right. Were you ever to marry, she'll be just the sort of woman for you. Ha! Mark my words - Harriet can pick and choose. Here she is, right at the beginning of her life. Why should she accept the first offer she receives? Excuse me. Thank you so much, Mr Elton. Harriet will be so very grateful. How can we wait a moment longer than necessary to see this painting framed and hung for all to see? Well, goodbye, Mr Elton. Safe journey. That man is so full of himself, I'm surprised he can stay on that horse. (SHE GIGGLES) (HE SIGHS) I've always thought it a bad friendship for you, Emma. But now that I think of it, I think it is worse for Miss Smith. Men of sense do not want silly wives. And most men of family will be afraid of the disgrace that they get caught up in if and when the mystery of her parentage is revealed. You let her marry Robert Martin, she's respectable and happy for ever. Set her sights higher, she may end up at Mrs Goddard's for the rest of her life. We think so differently about this, I think we should stop talking about it. And as for my letting her marry Robert Martin, it is impossible. Harriet has refused him. She must abide by her decision. I do not pretend to have that much influence, just a little. But really, his appearance was so much against him and his manner so bad that if she ever were disposed to favour him, she certainly doesn't now. What nonsense. I really think it is time for tea and yet it has not appeared. Do you think I should call Father in? Well, I suppose it is no great loss - for Mr Martin, that is. He will get over her soon, I hope. But I know that your love of matchmaking means that you are more to do with this than you so modestly deny. That is the real reason you are annoyed. I gave my advice and you gave yours, but it was mine that prevailed and you do not want to admit it. I am so pleased you have come back, for we will always be friends. I came back to say this, Emma. As you make no secret of your matchmaking, I assume that you would not have taken this drastic step unless you had another suitor in mind. And as a friend, I will just hint to you that if Elton is the chosen man, Elton will not do. He knows he is a very handsome young man and will never marry cheaply. I've heard him speak with great animation of a large family of young ladies who all have 20,000 apiece. Harriet and Robert are not your playthings, your dolls, to be told what to do and to marry under the table at your bidding. They're flesh and blood! And one day, you will bitterly regret your meddling. Mr Knightley? I didn't realise Mr Knightley would be leaving so soon. I knew I shouldn't have taken that last turn. (THUNDER RUMBLES) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 