Day 5: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Day 5 
 s1e6 - Wide Awake - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Day 5 (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Wide Awake - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 "Batter my heart, three-personed God, "As west and east "in all flat maps "and lam one, "are one. So death doth touch the resurrection." - What the hell is that pretentious bullshit'? - That pretentious bullshit is where Oppenheimer got the name for the first nuclear test, the Trinity. Just before igniting the bomb, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oppenheimer and his top scientists figured there was a 10% chance that the atmosphere coutd be incinerated, all life on Earth eradicated with the push of a button. And you know what? The bastards did it anyway. - So you're teHing me that sometime yesterday someone somewhere was testing something. - Yes. Or' welt maybe. - Yeah, well, ifs better than Chuck's bacteria-from-another dimension theory. The bomb is better, though. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - What'! - I'm saying if it's a man made event, then, well, it's more likely for us to be able to stop it, you know? - What the hell are we supposed to do about it'? - Have you never even considered that maybe there's a reason you're still alive'? - Yeah, and ifs because we were up all night raiding for his stupid Gromtooth War Horn. Thafs not even the point. - Okay, why out of all the nights for us to be raiding, was it this Friday? - Because we raid every Friday night, dumb ass. - Reva, there are seven days in a week, and a year ago we just chose the one day that would keep us alive during the fucking apocalypse? I mean maybe ifs coincidence, or maybe it's destiny. - My God, I thought the poetry was bad. Oh, mighty Flying Spaghetti Monster, he who has killed all of our family and friends and all the animals on the planet, please, by your wisdom, snow us the sign so that we may begin our noble journey to save the world. Gimmes a fucking break, Jeffery. Even Obi-Wan missed that memo. - Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope. Time to save the fuckin' world. ♪ ? ♪ ? ♪ ? - Whatever we're going to do, we need to do it. Thai asshole shattered the rest. - What if we just grab one of those psychos, force them to sleep or something? - Maybe, but we would have to find one, and they don't exactly have their own clubhouse. Getting Muse to those guys is... - No. Look, it shouldn't have to be this way. This was our quest. I'm gonna do it. - Jeff, you don't have to do this, man. - I've decided. We made our bed. Now it's time to sleep in it. - Go get 'em. - Might as well get comfy. - Still remember how to use one of these? - Good luck, kid. - See you guys in the morning. - You better. - No. No, no. Jeffery? Come on, wake up, wake up, Jeffery! Come on, come on, stay with me. Jeffery, come on. - Come on. Come on! God damn it! - Think he's still out there'? Who'? - That, uh, crazy pilot, Ellis. - Yeah, I do. - Who knows, maybe he's got this all figured out and we don't even know it yet. - What, are you gonna take a map and find out'? - I think I'll pass. So, I know you probably want to stay here with your lady friend but Sam and I were talking. We want to take some of the dream drug back to his girlfriend and the others. You know what they say. Take a girl the cure to the Apocalypse, she'll love you forever. Smart. - So how does all this stack up'? - How does what stack up'? - This, this cure, your reunion. - I don't know, it's not quite howl imagined it, but it's something. - Yeah. Like I still feel like shit but it's like better shit. - You know, Lex says, maybe a couple of iterations away from something that could really turn the tides. Make it possible for us to sleep more than 10 minutes anyway. - She seems nice. - Hmm, yeah. - Maybe I'll, uh, find someone nice as well. Pond's smaller for sure, so it's got to be a little easier. - Actually, the pond is the same size. There's just a whole lot less fish, which makes it harder. Sorry. - Me and my friend, are making at a shark' - Hey, maybe we could change up that little radio message. Moderately handsome guy - Sounds right. - Seeking desperate girl. Willing to compromise to help repopulaie the planet. - That's good. - Yeah? - Yeah. You know if, um, if you and Lex ever need a donor... I am just going to go ahead and veto that right now, but thank you. - Your loss. Not many people left. I'm just being, you know, a good friend' - You know, I underestimated you, Jake. You really are a survivor. - Everybody's good at something. Yeah, \ think it's time to move. - People are getting desperate. Whoever's out there, I hope they find peace tonight. - You know, five days ago I worked in Product Support at Apple. I helped people. I was good at helping people. But today, I'm the guy that drives nails through your fingertips. Until you tell me what I want to hear. - Please, you don't want to do this. I'm sorry. - Everyone is sorry afier the fact' Tell me how I get inside. - No, no, no, no, no. Please no, no! That hurt'? - Hmm, no' I'm good. I've been putting so much junk in me the past few days. It's kind of nice taking something out for once. - Yeah. Those chemicals are rough on the body. Six days ago we'd have all been sued for malpractice. I'd have to become a vet or something. But now, with this new drug, maybe it'll buy us just enough time before it kills us to find a permanent solution. Yep. - Yep what'? You have a DEC2 mutation. - What's that'? - Nothing crazy. Folks here have it too. It's a geneiic mutation of the BHLHE41. . Okay" - You know those people who get by on lltlle or no sleep, like crazy business guys that sleep like two to four hours a night? H's not that they have an amazing work ethic. It's just that they're predisposed to be like that. You never know, they may save our asses someday. - So you're all mutants here. That's why Professor X is in charge. - Yeah, I see the resemblance. Speaking of, you should see Dr. Abrams. He'll want to run some tests. You com with that'? - Yeah, I'm cool with that. - Thanks, Sam. - We're all so fucked. The world's still fucked-. We didn't do shit. Colin is dead. What did he die for, John? Huh, what'! - What did we miss'? What's still out there'! - There's a lot still out there, it's Dallas. We'd be better off burning down the whole city, which we can totally try to do. HEY» you okay'? - Ask me again tomorrow. - Hey, 9W5- I'm just really tired. And \ think I'm going to go lie down now. - You sure I can't convince you that the human race needs you? - In truth, I don't really need the human race, not who's left of it anyway, except John. - And I'm an idiot. - Anyway» time for bed. See you around. - Beth, wait. Come on. Let's talk about this. - You add the gamma- hydroxybutyric acid and... Boom. The literal stuff of nightmares. Hey, can you grab me those PRET files while you're over there'? - Yeah. It's not too shabby for a brain surgeon. - It's not exactly brain surgery. So where's this community you're talking about? - Um, it's, uh, over the highway on the east side. I'm just going to take a quick trip over there. - Ally, no you're not. You're a doctor, you're not a delivery girl. Our biggest resources are people and time, and we are running out of both. We need you here, and I need you here. - Now you're just trying to sweet-talk me. - No. Mmhmm. - Maybe. Look, Dr' Abrams can send someone out to your guys, and if they know what's good for them, they'll actually be here tomorrow. So, you and your boys stay here. You'll be safe. Yeah'! - Yeah. Just, um - LEX' What'? - I don't know. It feels weird after the last few days, feeling it at home. - Well, this is a home you have to earn. So get to it. - Yes, Ma'am. ♪ ? You wanted to see me'? Other side-. - That's Beethoven's Fifth, isn't it? Yep. In C-minor. Yeah, my uh My dad had me listen to it. - Hold. - I mean mostly it was Zeppelin, AC/DC or Eagles, but sometimes, sometimes Beethoven. He used to play it for me before I went to sleep at night, when I was a kid' of course. He said nothing today is original, it's all a remake. He wanted me to know all the classics. He said ii might even make me smarter. - You know, that study, Rauscher1993, shows no long-term increase in intelligence, so Dad might want to rethink that one. - Oh. - Don't touch that. I have been searching for the right song for when it comes, that breakthrough that saves us all. - Like, what, a victory song? - I thought it would be the Ninth, Ode to Joy. But I've seitled on the Fifth after all. I wouldn't be the first to use it that way, of course. Dear old Dad was right about that, at least, nothing original. During World War ll, the Fifth was literally known as the Victory Symphony. ♪ Bum bum bum bum, bum bum bum bum I And in England, this means fuck you. Ever since we climbed out of the slime in Africa nature's been trying to snuff us out Migration kept the predators and the parasites and the viruses at bay. We've kept moving forward, and she's just missed us. Except somehow, the bitch caught up. When I beat her, I want this to be my own private victory song. What a nice fuck you to the universe. - That's, uh, nice. - So no major side effects since the injections? - I haven't exactly felt very normal these past few days. Hard to say. - Nu constant, I get it. - Is that it'? No more questions'? No more anything? - Hmm, not unless you want to help me out. - How would I do that'? - You have something very useful to the process, Sam. It was Sam, right? - Yeah, I'm sorry, what do I have? - In this case, youth, which means you can help me test this. You already sampled Phase Three. This is Phase Four. What does age have to do with it? - The subcoeruleus nucleus in the brain controls REM sleep, and since your brain is still growing, that means that it's more adaptable, more fluid, without trials. Frankly, one Sam is worth 10 adults-. - My dad always said I was special. - In this case, he was right. So how about it'? You want to help me save the future of the human race? - Sure, why not? - Samuel is a Hebrew name. You know what it means'? God has heard. - Okay. It starts in Dallas. The signal... The signal starts at exactly 3:00 a.m., but the call comes right before. The signal stops, yet the condition remains. - It's because the signal's stuck in the satellites now. - What'! - It's ghosting, up there somewhere, bouncing in the network, if the signal's the cause. And if it is, stopping the source won't do it anymore. We'll have to 'take down the entire satellite network. - And you know this how? - I like space. We've got something like 1,100 satellites up there. That's where we start. - What, we hop a spaceship and shoot 'em all down'? - I was more thinking that we go straight to the hub, NASA Space Center in Houston. Shut the whole thing down. Won't even need to get 'em all. We can iust break the circuit. But your idea is good too. - I didn't realize you had expertise in all this. - You never asked. Here. I'll help you draw the orbits. Then we can decide which ones we want to take out. . Okay" Sure, why the fuck not? - Hey, 9W5- We, we came up with a new plan. - Uh, we'? - Yeah, John's right behind me. - No, I'm not. - Huh'? You, you helped me. - What'! - Yeah, the, the fucking map. We drew all the satellite orbits and Shit. . Hey... - Shit. - My, uh, husband, Adam's jokes have been the thing keeping me going. He had some really fucked up zingers back there in the nursing home. It was really good to see him, even though I know that he wasn't really there. - Meredith was just telling us about the Monroe, nicest hotel in Dallas, softest beds too. It kind of feels like that Nicole chick had the right idea, huh? Go out in style. Kind of wish I'd thoughi of it first. You're more than welcome to come with us. - Yeah, I think it's, um, it's time to check in there myself. - Ugh The least I can do is escort you guys off. It's not like I'm doing anything. I'm sorry, Ellis. " Sam? You in here'? Sam? - There used to be this car dealership a couple hours from here. It had this really bizarre contest to win a truck. AH you had to do was just stand outside and keep your hand touching it' that was it. The last man standing got to drive the truck home. My parents used to take me as a little kid and even then I thought, how hard could it be to just stand there and stay awake? And then this one year it had just tipped into the fourth day and this one guy just stopped and walked away. He walked across the street and he stole a gun and he shot himself, and I never understood why he did that, but I understand new. It wasn't about the truck. It was just that somewhere in his sleep-deprived numbness he just lost the will to live. - What is all this'? Padre's friends. Sam... Hey, hard worker. . HEY- - What'! - Have you looked at these? - I've skimmed them but I don't have your expertise. Why, did you find something? - Yes. Yeah, all of these are the brains of children. - Not all ofthem are children. - I don't understand. Were most of the survivors children, Lex'? Because I haven't seen a single one of them. Maybe that's because they outsource their victims. - What the heH have you been doing, Lex? - We've been doing what needs to be done. - You mean you're using children as your test subjects. - Yes. Why? - Because they can take it. They give us the results we need to move forward. - Where the hell have you been getting them from? - Wherever we can. - You mean the people you all are shooting at out there? _ my, Sm. You need to fucking relax. We're not snatching children in the night. We gave them the option and a chance to help us save the world. - You gave children the option. And how many of these 234 were kids? -192. Jesus Christ! - The better question you should ask is how many of those people would be left behind without us supplying them with the drugs. How many? - Where is Sam'? - We're going to attempt the full REM cycle. " Stop! Sam, you need to get up now, we are leaving. - No, no, Jake, ifsfine. I'm helping them develop a better drug. - Yeah, you and 200 other dead kids. - What are you talking about? What is he talking about'? - He's talking about the other volunteers who helped perfect the drug 'that you already indulged in and who unfortunaiefly didn't make it. It's worth noting that your chances are considerably better. - How much better'? - I'm estimating a 53% chance of resuscitation on the first attempt. - Why didn't you tell me that'? - You didn't ask. Yeah, not happening. - You won't get better odds. - He's too young to gamble. Thanks for your hospitality, Doctor Evil. - Come on, Sam. - Uh-uh, uh-uh. You are just wasting time here. In case you haven't noticed, this apocalypse is not one of months and years, but it is of days, minutes, seconds. Every second that you waste on this process brings us that much closer to annihilation. You don't like his odds'? Yours are one-third of his at best. So you need to understand-- - No, you need to understand that I will go firefighter on your ass unless you let my friend go now. Thank you, Doctor. - Everyone calm down. - Yeah, because nothing quite says calm down like two armed guards. - Also, thanks for the heads up on the whole SW50 chance of me dying thing. - You, you sent him here? Have you lost your mind? - Ally, your friend needs to put his weapon down. We can talk through this like adults. - I don't think that there is anything else for us to talk about. They've breached the compound! I repeat, they've breached to compound. - Great' more wasted time. You two deal with that. Lex, we've got to secure the supply. Nobody can touch that serum. - Come on, Sam! - Get out of here, kid. This way. Run! - Where is he'? Where the fuck is he'! I'm not going to ask you again. - What the fuck are you doing? It's only one man? You are going to fuck it up. We are trying to fix this and you are going to fuck it up. - You're a god damn murderer. - I didn't murder your boy. What we're experiencing is a disagreement about semantics. Murder implies a motive or passion, and I have neither. Now, am \ responsible for the death of your son? Possibly, partially. That is, sleep killed him. I only modified the timeline of his death. - What's wrong with you? - I'm trying to help people. Y0u're the one gunning innocent people down. - You tricked my son! You promised him life! - No, I offered the possibility of life. That didn't pan out. - One more word, and I'll splatter that big brain of yours all over these goddamn walls, you smart-mouthed fuck! Shut the fuck up! Just fucking talk! - We can work together to help the future of the human race. Please, put the gun down and help me for the sake of your son. Note the serum was administered at 4:02 a.m. Somebody write it down! Phase Four at 4:02! Well, thafs unfortunate. Back to the drawing board. - Oh, fuck. - Ally? - I got this. - There's no reason to leave. We'll get that clean shit up. We'll clear that shit out soon. . Yeah? Whai about him? - That wasn't my idea. That was Abrams and I'm sorry I misled you, but it was the right call. It wasn't kids, all right? It wasn't like little tiny babies, it was teenagers. - Oh, it was teenagers. In that case it's totally fucking fine. - I doubt if either of us would be here right now without the breakthroughs they gave us, all right? - So what, Lex? What, they all died so that you could live? - God damn it, Ally. You are not seeing the big fucking picture here. We are talking about the whole fucking world. There are billions of corpses out here right now and you're crying over a miniscule amount, a miniscule amount that gave their lives for a noble cause. Now, please, just go inside, and I'll guarantee your new friend's safety. - And then what'? In the next test phase are you going to go in there and test the drugs yourself? - We can't be the lab rats because someone has to run the lab. The world needs people like us, like you, \ need you. - Why don't you get out of that fucking place and come with me'? - You already know I can't. Sorry, Ally, but we're going inside. No, we're fucking not. - You won't shoot me. - I'm an addict with a gun. You really want to try your luck'? - Ally, don't do this. - Ally, let's totally fucking do this. - I don't know who this is, but I'm sure going to miss Lex. Goodbye. - Take it easy, Doc. - Ally God damn it! ANY. don't go, Ally! - Sorry. Iwas, uh, rooting for you guys. - Yeah, yeah, me too. - Hey, I, uh, got us some goodies. - Nice! - Should be enough dream drug to last us a little while. - So, where to, gumshoe? - Well, we're going to drop some of these off at Carmen and the others, and then we're going to head to Dallas. - Sam, we don't have any time to waste, okay? So I'\I radio JuHo and we'll have to find a drop-off spot. - Yeah, ihafs, uh, I guess that's okay. - I hope Ellis has found something. - This message is for Ally and Sam and I guess Jake, in case you guys find this. My mind's starting to go. Thought I could tough ii out, but I don't know what's real anymore. This is Ellis, by the way. Ellis. How many people you know named after an island? You know, the little one next to Manhattan, where immigrants used to come a hundred years ago, looking for opportunity in the new world. It's supposed to remind me that everybody had a chance. Everybody had an opportunity to succeed, even me. I really believed that I could fix this. Sun will be out soon. At least I've got three companions to share it with. Goodnight, guys. And good luck. - Bingo. - Nice. Hey, Beth'? Mm-hmm. - Your mystery caller, your guardian angel, any idea who that was? - I thought I recognized the voice. I thought it was my sister. - Is your sister clairvoyant? - I don't know. Maybe I just wanted it to be her, in that one moment before everything went bad. I hadn't heard from her in 10 years. - She was impulsive, organic farming, missionary work. She'd leave and then you wouldn't hear Mom thought she was worthless. Hmm Seems like she was ahead of the rest of the world. . YEP- What a bitch. - See you soon, man. - Should have shot 'em when I had the chance. Goddamn it. Okay. Hey' hey, guys. Uh, sorry for the delay, I'm coming back in. There you are, you Mme bastard. Come on, let's go home. ♪ ? ♪ ? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 