Maverick: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Maverick 
 s1e6 - Stage West - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Maverick (1957–1962): Season 1, Episode 6 - Stage West - full transcript 
 Bret comes to the assistance of a Eastern woman who came west when she learns of her husband's gold strike. A ruthless family of ranchers have killed her husband, though, and try to convince the young lady that they are her late husband's partners. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Send out tall one with yellow coat... we go away. - You get up. - Ain't you gonna give him a chance? We wouldn't be holed up in here, if it wasn't for him. He's getting better than he deserves. Hurry, Pa, they're getting ready. You can have him. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn You might as well stop skulking around back there, Fallon. There's plenty of coffee here for all of us. Should we all put our guns away? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I've known you've been following me since the first day. Then you had plenty of time to think about it. You know what we want. Sure. That's why I've been leading you away from the claim. We've been making one, big circle. Here we are. - You're going to take us to that claim. - Am I? You got three guns on me... but this is a double-barrel shotgun... and before I hit the ground it will get all three of you. You see, I've got a big advantage. If you kill me, what would you have? Nothing. We'll argue that point later... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 but now you put that gun down, and fast. I don't think so. You're gonna get onto your horses and ride off. You might be able to kill all three of us with that scatter gun you got. But before you fire that second barrel you'd have at least three bullets in you. I don't think you wanna die. Nobody wants to die... but you're not giving me any choice. Sure we are, Sam. All you have to do is drop that shotgun. And you're going to. - Watch it now, Wes. - Watch it, shut up. We don't want to kill you, Harris. We don't want the whole mine neither. We just want you to cut us in for a piece. You're going to need some help, anyway. It would be different if that mine belonged to you but it don't... it belongs to Indians. None of us have got any right up here. But I found it. And I'm gonna keep it. I don't need any help. I'm gonna count to three... if you haven't dropped that gun, I'm gonna drop you. One... - I'm not bluffing. - We'll know in a couple of seconds. Two... You didn't have to kill him, Wes. He would have killed me. Ain't that right, Pa? That leaves you, Matson. I haven't ever been to the mine. You were his partner. He certainly must have told you where it was. He was taking me for the first time. He didn't tell me nothing. Oh, that's too bad. You've just seen enough to hang us all. Might forget that if we had a good enough reason. Wait, I swear I don't know where the mine is. But I know something just as good. It will get you there. What is that? At the packsaddle station... someone's coming in on a stage five days from now. Someone who knows as much as Sam Harris. But you need me there. Who's coming in? I'm not going to tell you anymore. I'll wind up the way Harris did. He's stalling, Pa. I'll tell you anything you wanna know when the stage comes in... but not before then. I can get it out of him now, Pa. No, another dead man ain't gonna get it for us. You got something to trade, all right, we'll trade, but if you're bluffing... you're gonna wish you got it just as quick as your partner did. You give me a chance, you won't be sorry. We'll see. Get your horse. - Rip. - Yeah? When I go back inside, you wait half a minute or so... then come in after me and say, "The stage has come." And what are you gonna do, Pa? You'll find out when you get inside. Now do like I say. And make it sound right. Got a lot of food here if you fellas feel hungry. No, thanks. Stage is coming, Pa. That's part of the dust on top of Pine Hill. They're early today. I better be getting them their horses ready. Stage is practically here. You tell us now. - I said I'd tell you when it got there. - That could be too late, mister. This place will be crawling with passengers... you'd just go back on the deal and start yelling for help. What's to keep me alive after I've told you what you wanna know? We're not killers. You got a short memory. Harris would be alive if he hadn't used that shotgun. You said we need you. So, what are you so worried about? What are we haggling for? You tell us, mister, and you tell us now. You sit down, Wes. Now, look at this thing logically. You don't think we'd take a chance on killing you... with the stage just a few minutes out, do you? You've got a lot better sense than that. All right. Harris wrote to his wife in Boston, told her to meet him here. He sent her a map of the claim in case anything happened to him. She'll be on the stage. Does she know you? Yes. You're a liar. Now you get outta here before the stage shows up. Shouldn't we keep him... - till we find out he's telling the truth? - He told the truth. Get going. You lousy butcher. If you weren't my brother, I'd shoot you. You mean, you thought we were gonna let him go? You take it easy, Rip. Matson could've stopped that stage before it got here... and this place could've been full of lawmen. Now let's get him on a horse and dump him in Thorn Canyon. Get him over there. Station man is outside, something I can do for you? No, not a thing. You seem to be in a mighty big hurry to get here. I was. Thanks for your interest, anyway. Morning. Got some grub there for the passengers that are coming in... - you can dig in if you gotta mind to. - Thanks. - Didn't get your name. - It's Maverick. Hey, you must be waiting for the stage, same as the others. Oh, is that so? But they ain't much for conversation, heh. - They thought you was the stage. - Sorry to disappoint them. I don't get much company to talk to outside of a few skin trappers... or someone heading for the Sioux country. Hey, nothing drops in here except the agency stage... or a few shade-minded sidewinders. They make good eating. Ho! Grub for everyone inside, folks, just help yourself. Look, isn't this pretty? - Mm-hm Nice. Thank you. Ain't no way to treat the animals, they gotta go back east... and run soon as that other stage gets in. Coming in I saw what looked like Sioux tracks... maybe a renegade band, so I got outta there fast. There ain't no Indians between here and the Black Hills. And if there was that thumb would start aching. With some folks it's weather, but with me it's Indians. And that ain't never been wrong yet. You're just getting old, Simmons. It's rheumatism that makes it ache, not Indians. - Mrs. Harris? - Yes. I'm Mr. Matson, Sam's partner. He's staying up at the mine and I'm supposed to take you up there. Oh, but that's not what Sam wrote in his letter. You see, he couldn't leave the mine alone, it's in Sioux country. The land belongs to Indians. Which means the mine ain't legal in the first place. Now that kind of situation is just made to order for claim jumpers. I see. As soon as you're ready I'll take you there. But how can you? Sam wrote that only he knew where the mine was. Well, the fact is you're supposed to take me with the map he sent you. Well, if you don't mind, Mr. Matson, I think I'll wait a while... just in case Sam changed his mind. Well, it ain't likely but suit yourself. Now just let me know whenever you're in the mood to go, huh? - I will. - Goodnight, ma'am. Don't know when a morsel of food tasted so good. It's just delicious. Just like our Southern fried chicken. It's rattlesnake meat, ma'am. Rattle... That's just the way I feel about Southern fried chicken. To each his own. I was in the restaurant business, heh, and you cannot please them all. That fellow has a familiar look. - Is your friend asleep? - That's right. Looks like a customer that used to come to my place in Dodge City. The man was fair daft about ribs. Spare ribs. He don't like to be waked up and he's never been to Dodge City. My mistake. All right, folks, we're ready to rumble. Let it roll! Hyah! Mrs. Harris, my name is Maverick. I'm looking after this lady... and I don't think her husband would want strangers talking to her. I don't think Sam Harris cares one way or the either right now. What do you mean? I'm sorry to have to tell you this but your husband is dead. - I buried him two days ago. - You lie. I ran across Sam four days ago. Some man had shot him, left him for dead. I tried to get the bullet out. I did what I could for him. I hope you see what he's after, Mrs. Harris, your husband's claim. You're a little late. Sam took me to the claim before he died. He asked me to come here and explain things. If you are telling the truth why did you wait so long to talk? I just figured I'll let you play out your hand first. Well, Mrs. Harris... you certainly ain't gonna take a stranger's word against Sam's partner, are you? Why take anyone's word? Man over there with his hat over his face... my guess is he's Matson, and I don't think he's asleep. I think we'd better leave, ma'am. You're not going anywhere. Either one of you. Look, you'll see there's two guns pointing right at her... from underneath this table. You put that gun down right now or she gets shot. Put it on the bar. - What's going on? - Where's the hardware? - Are you loco? - Where is it? - It's underneath the bar. - Let's get it. I don't wanna inconvenience you, but we got business to transact... now if you just go over and sit by that water cooler you won't get hurt. Now drag Matson's body over behind the bar just in case somebody comes in. Shooting your husband wasn't our idea, ma'am, he forced it... trying to use a shotgun. Meaning, he was trying to keep what was his. You're gonna talk yourself right into a box. That mine didn't belong to your husband, anyway. It was on Indian land. From a practical standpoint the gold is there waiting for anybody who wants it. And we want it. I'll take that map, Mrs. Harris. - I don't have it. - Mrs. Harris... I'll strip every stitch off you to get that map. It's on the stage. When you told me I was to take you to the mine, I didn't trust you. I decided then to leave my luggage on the stage. Rip, get that stage and don't come back here without that luggage. Rip ain't got much stomach for that kind of job... there's a chance he might scare off. Should've sent me, I'd get it. You'd have shot the driver to get it and we got enough worries as it. I figured that maybe you could save us a lot of trouble. And you got plenty of that. A man ain't leaving a million dollars worth of pay dirt... without making up a little map to get him back to it. You're gonna have to read my mind to find it because that's where it is. - Every inch of it, right there. - We'll see about that. Take off your coat. How'd you find out about Harris's claim? Everybody knowed it. Heh, took a chunk of that ore down to be assayed at Twin Bluffs. It ran 90 percent. When he turned down a hundred thousand dollars for the mine it went all over town. Your boots. You weren't very smart. Harris knew you were trailing him. He lead you away from a strike. - We knew that. But Harris is dead and I am alive. Now you figure out who's smart. All right, your socks. - You're wasting your time. - I got plenty of that. I sure hope there is no such map on that stage, Mrs. Harris. Right now, they're just keeping me around for insurance. If that map shows up... it'll just be another case of them having to kill... because they were forced into it. If he does come back with the map, they won't need me either. They won't need any of us. You stopped me from feeling sorry for myself. All right, get them off. - Was she lying? - We'll never know. - What happened? - It was awful, Pa, just awful. What happened, boy? There was nothing left of that stage... just a heap of burning wood and charred bodies. - Why in the thunder would... - It was Indians. And they don't need reasons. - Where did it happen? - On the other side of Beaver Creek. They ain't likely to be heading this way then. The best pickings... - is between there and Twin Bluffs. - Could be heading for your ranch. They got a spread? Over a thousand head just east of Twin Bluffs. Most folks say they had other plans on them first. A thousand head? Now, why would anyone with a spread that big wanna kill a man over a mine? Doesn't seem to me like you need it. Why don't you answer him, Pa? That's a question I've been wanting to ask. - You ask it some other time. - Maybe I can answer it for you. Sure, we got a big spread... but there isn't anybody who doesn't think we're dirt. You've always wanted to buy land above Jackson's place, why? So you could cut off his water? With a gold mine you could. You could get back at Jackson and all the rest. - I don't know what you're talking about. - Neither does he, Pa. I'm still thinking about those cattle. With you and your boys away, we'll make a nice haul for those Indians. I hear anything they can't carry away, they burn. You'd like for me to forget you. That's what you'd like. Well, he just might be right, Pa. Whose side you on, little brother? - If you had sense you'd know. - If you had backbone I'd know. You didn't like this idea. Now you want us to give up. What's with you? - You didn't have to kill Harris or Matson. - Stop it! Both of you. At least you got one boy who can think for himself. Let you and me get one thing straight. Nobody comes between me and my boys. - No matter what happens we stick together. - He's nothing but trouble. - I should give it to him right now. - No! Uh-uh, your pa won't like that. It just happens that I'm the only one that knows where the mine is now. - Which makes me a privileged character. - That's telling him. - That same privilege don't extend to you. - That's where you're wrong. It goes for the three of us. - How far is this mine? - Two days, hard riding. Rip, get all the food in this place together. I didn't say I was taking you. Mister, you only got one thing to bargain with and that's your life. Now if you don't take us there, you're going to lose the privilege of staying alive. - What about them? - They ain't your problem. I'm making them my problem. All right. You take us there and we'll let you all go. Correction. You let them go and I'll take you there. Don't do it, Pa. They'd have a posse as soon as they hit Twin Bluffs. You don't have to tell me that. You're all going. The odds against you ever seeing that mine have just doubled. Wes... see how he'd like a slug in that left arm just to lower them odds. Look at him. - Look at him, Pa, he's enjoying it. - Shut up, little brother. Close them all windows. Rip, keep them off our backs. How many out there? Could be all of us against them instead of just you. Wouldn't give you a gun if they was looking down my throat. They are. Are these the Indians that burned the stage? That'd be my guess. I don't get it, Pa... if they're a raiding party they'd have stolen the stock, burned the barn. - That's what I was thinking. - They're after something. Yeah, but what? No matter what happens... I want you to know that I am grateful for what you tried to do. Frankly, I thought that getting you out alive would be the easiest part. I thought you'd be all broken up about your husband... but you don't exactly act like a grief-stricken widow. If it's of any interest, I lost my husband four years ago... the shock has worn off. I lost him to... call it "gold fever." He left us to come out here. We have a son, Timmy. He's in Boston with my mother. Sam was doing it for his son. He wanted to leave him something. He did. He left him without a father. - They quitting? - I don't know. No, they ain't. Send out tall one with yellow coat. We go away. He means him, Pa. Wes, keep your eye on that Indian. What do they want you for? You been in the Black Hills, you ought to know the answer. I want your version. Did you ever know the Sioux to let a white man out... when they thought he found gold? And they thought you had, huh? I didn't ask them why they were shooting. Just kept dropping nuggets hoping to slow them down. They kept right on coming. That's why they're out there. Wanna make sure you don't take nobody there. That's just a piece of it. I had to kill two of them trying to fight my way out. - They don't take kindly to that. - No, they don't. They know where the mine is? I was two hours away before they spotted me. And you knew all that time while they raided that coach. - They were looking for you. - That's a fair deduction. And you knew that sooner or later they'd get here. - Nothing's ever certain. - Except for your concern. They ain't gonna wait longer. - You can't send him out there. - He won't. Right now he thinks more of that gold mine than he does his own skin. - And I'm his only chance of finding it. - Don't you be too sure. I told you nothing was for certain. There are a few things I'll put money on... like a straight flush or a crooked mind. There's too many of them out there, Pa. We've gone too far now to turn back. You can't have the white man. You will all die for yellow coat. We can't hold out forever, Pa. That eastbound stage is gonna be by here soon. We'll try breaking out then. Suppose the stage hightails it back when they hear shooting. And suppose they bring back a full posse... we'd get the same treatment those Indians get. Hey, Simmons, what time does that other stage come? Psst. - It's worse than an oven. - Well, they got it just as hot out there. Pa, look. Give up yellow coat. - You get up. - Ain't you gonna give him a chance? We wouldn't be holed up in here now if it wasn't for him. He's getting a better chance than he deserves. Hurry, Pa, they're getting ready. Hold it. Give us time to think it over. You can have him. They'll drag him to the Black Hills. Yeah, and they ain't gonna be coming back neither. Sure figured it right, Pa. Don't turn around. I could have killed Wes. You start shooting and I will. Get their guns. - You was hiding a gun here all the time. - I keep one up there for such occasions. Now get the others. You should've dumped him instead. There's a lot of things I oughta done but now he's in charge. Right. Now suppose you sit down. Can't we leave now? As soon as I transact a little business. I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to sit down. - I don't understand. - I said sit down. - What's going on here? - You too. Rip, go over to the end of the bar. Now look behind that poster. Unroll it. It's a gold nugget. Now look at the paper. Yeah, it's a map, Pa. It's the one to the mine. You were right about one thing... I made sure I'd find my way back. I hid that behind there when I found out you three were here. Well, I'll be a three-toed sand lizard. You sure can't tell a grass snake from a sidewinder till you get bit. So you got the map. What's that got to with us? Since you're so interested in that mine, I'm gonna sell it to you. - It isn't yours to sell. - You're about half right. Belongs to those Indians that were here. I can't give you a deed, Fallon, but I can give you a map. You double-dealing hyena. - Interested, Fallon? - What's the deal? - 15,000 cash. - Don't do it, Pa. The mine's worth a million, he's up to something. There's one thing about a crook, he thinks everyone else is dishonest. His question still needs an answer, why only 15,000? There isn't enough money to get me back in that Indian country... not after what happened to me. What makes you think the same thing... - wouldn't happen to me? - That's your problem. But you've got three times the chance that I had. You run out of backbone, you can always call them in for your spread. But you've already killed two men to get what you want. I don't think Indians are gonna stop you. You've got things figured right, don't you? You interested or not? - Where do I get $15,000 out here? - Not out here. At your ranch. It takes operating money to run a spread. Your money would be there. You can let one of your boys ride for you. I'm the only one who knows the combination to the safe. You can write out the combination. Or don't you trust your boys? Give me a pencil and something to write on. Get it for him, Simmons. - You're worse than they are. - I'm sorry to disappoint you, ma'am. My husband believed you were his friend. He trusted you, showed you the mine. I didn't ask him to. - You're gonna take all day? - Here, now make it fast. Now write out the combination. You better tell him to forget that first note... because if he doesn't, you'll be dead. You'll be an orphan. Do like he says, boys, I mean it. Just bring back the money. I'll take that map. You can have it back if he brings the cash. He will. Now, Simmons, suppose you tell me when the stage for the east is due? So now you're squirmy. The shoe's on the other foot. As passenger agent you're supposed to give out that information. So you can make sure how much time you got to get your dirty money. Where money is concerned it can be dirty, dusty or soggy. As long as it's money. - Now when's that stage due? - I don't know. When I leave here, I have the choice of taking you with me or letting you loose... or leaving you here with them. You know too much on Fallon for him to be this generous. You'd better tell him. It will be here in two hours. Well, let's all just sit and relax... since nobody is going anywhere. If everything works right, you'll be on your way to Dodge City. Thanks for your consideration. Well, since your son is in Boston I figured you'd wanna go there. Does it matter to you? I promised your husband you'd be all right. It's too bad he died without knowing what kind of a man you really are. As for the mine, when opportunity scratches my back... - I make the most of it. - No matter who gets hurt. - You can't lose something you never had. - Sam died for it, it belongs to his son. He died for something that didn't belong to anyone. Then why did you say Sam left it to our son? It was Sam's way of thinking. When a man's dying... you let him think the way that makes that going easier. You have a way of twisting words, making black white and white black. Next you'll be asking me to thank you for stealing the mine. I might at that. It's a 2-hour ride to the ranch... we both got something to lose if Wes don't make it back here... - before the stage gets in. - He will. There are some things that even you can't guarantee. The Indians took care of that for us. Now what would the burning of one stagecoach have to do with the other? Well, now suppose you were driving the eastbound stage... and you ran on to what was left of the other one... I'd hightail it back to Twin Bluffs for some help. Well, I see what you mean. That's gonna give Wes more than enough time to get back here. You don't leave much to imagination, do you? If I did I wouldn't be alive. It'd be nice having a fellow like you on my side. - Gonna make you a deal. - I got one. 15,000 against a million? I don't blame you for not wanting to go back up in them hills all by yourself... but if you was with me and the boys, couple of hands from the ranch... you'd feel different about it. And you'd be a partner. Fifty-fifty. And I wouldn't get my 15,000. - No, you'd get a half a million. - Or a bullet in the back. You've got too much imagination. Maverick, it's too bad you're a crook... I was just beginning to like you. And that's the way I feel about Rip over there. If he didn't have him for a father and a brother who shoots people for fun... he might turn out all right. The way things are going he wouldn't have much of chance. - Pot calling the kettle black. - Maybe... but I've seen men who've been where he's headed. You tried splitting us up once before, it didn't work. Ain't that right, Rip? Now, we're here on business so spare us the sermon. Consider it finished. What kind of a hypocrite are you? A man doesn't have to be a saint to give advice. I just don't understand you at all. Things that don't make sense sometimes add up when you look back at them. I hope I live to have that opportunity. I'm counting on it. Didn't figure on him being this late, did you? Just might be the stagecoach might get here first, yep. Just might be. Why don't you shut up? Seeing as you ain't got no gun, I'll just ignore that. You know, he's right, we'll be trapped in here. Well, you could leave now if he let you. - Yeah, maybe we could. - We're staying right here. That money must mean an awful lot to you. Is that my boy? - Yeah, it's him. Now, how could I be that careless? Count it. It's there, every lousy penny of it. Your son doesn't sound convinced. You wanna back out? Are you serious? You can have your money back... but you'll never see the mines. We made a deal. It's all there. All right. Here's your map. There. Right where I figured it. Next time play your hunches, it's cheaper. - Let's go, boys. - Sit down. - We've made a deal. - You leave after we do. - Get their horses, take them home. - What did I tell you, it's a stack deal. We'll turn them loose about five miles out. Who knows, they may find their way back. - I don't like it, Pa. - If you did it would worry me. How can you let them go? They're murderers. The horses are ready. Shall we leave, Mrs. Harris? Pa! You killed him. No, Pa... I never killed him or nobody. - You're hurt... - Get your hands off me. Whatever happened to you? It was always the three of us against everybody else. No, Pa... it was always you and him against everybody else. I'm sorry, Pa. Looks like you've got the mine all to yourself. Are you still going to let him have it? He paid for it. Cost him a lot more than he thought. They're here. It's the eastbound stage and they got a posse with them. Thanks for all your help. They'll stand trial back at Twin Bluffs. From what I saw Rip deserves a break. I'd be dead now if he hadn't warned me. I'll show him every consideration. Just a minute, sheriff, I've been waiting for this lady to tell you... but since she ain't, I will. That two-faced lobo sold a map that, rightfully, is hers. Sold it to Fallon for $15,000. That's a serious charge. You want to accuse this man? No. I'm afraid that whatever he did, he had a right to do. That's the last time I'll ever try to help a woman. What about this map you sold? I made a map of a mine in the Black Hills... belongs to Fallon now and I don't think you can take it away from him. The mine in the Black Hills don't belong to anyone. I didn't sell him a mine, I sold him a map. - No law has been broken. - There's another thing, sheriff... he was going to give them back their horses so they could get away. The horses belong to them but they wouldn't have gotten far... figured you'd send out a posse from Twin Bluffs. Can't arrest him for something... - he didn't get around to doing. - Next thing you'll be giving him a medal. I hope you have a nice trip east. Thank you. Simmons was right about one thing... the money is yours. I couldn't have drawn the map if your husband hadn't shown me the mine. If you intended for me to have it, why did you wait till now to tell me? If I hadn't, Fallon wouldn't have gone through with the deal. - There's so much I don't understand. - Time to row them. But the map's worth a million dollars and Fallon still has it. He bought it. I wouldn't worry about that, your husband didn't know too much about mining... he struck a pocket of free gold. It wasn't worth much more than the nuggets he had us save. He realized it before he died. Then you sold Fallon a worthless piece of paper for $15,000? He wanted the claim so bad that he killed your husband for it. I figured he should have it. I don't know what to say. Everything's ready, ma'am. I'm almost sorry I'm going back. So am I. - Make it roll. - Hyah! Hyah! Sure is amazing how an hombre can steal a woman blind and make her love him. You keep this as a souvenir, might bring you luck. If nothing more, it will remind you of quite a woman. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 