Maverick: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Maverick 
 s1e4 - Ghost Rider - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Maverick (1957–1962): Season 1, Episode 4 - Ghost Rider - full transcript 
 Bret is robbed by The Kid and trails him to a poker game, but The Kid's just been killed. As the winners rake in The Kid's money, they ask newcomer Bret if The Kid (Edd Byrnes, Kookie on "77 Sunset Strip") was a friend. "No but the money was," Bret sighs. Bret spies an entrancing widow sobbing on a bench, gives her a ride, but she vanishes in the chilly dark, wearing the coat containing the remainder of Bart's money. White Rock's townspeople ridicule Bret's tale, because she died weeks before (June 1872). When the local undertaker takes a gunshot at him, Bret's determined to stay in town to investigate, because the undertaker was the specter's fiancé. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You just rest easy in there, son. Circuit judge will be in town next week. He'll see that you get a fair trial. How do you do that, sheriff? Folks in this town have already tried me. We both know the verdict. Keep a close eye on him, George. - Yeah. He's inclined to be the least bit tricky. Six, seven, eight, nine, 3000. Thank you. I'll give you a chance to get it back tomorrow. I admire you, mister. If I knew how to quit when I was ahead, I'd be rich. You're ahead when you've won 10 cents. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Stop. Now, you step in here real careful like. You got $3000, I want it. I'd advise you not to do it, son. Three thousand dollars is a lot of money... but it won't bring you happiness. Not when it's my 3000. I'll give it a try. Let's have it. It's got a hair trigger, mister. Don't move. It's not too late to change your mind. I'll think about it. Now turn around so I won't have to kill you. It won't take me long to find you, kid. So take real good care of my money. You gonna turn around? Look, I don't wanna have to pull this trigger. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A week later, I was on the Kid's trail, after a few false starts. But by cutting down on old habits like shaving and eating... I was making up for the lost time. - Howdy. - Howdy. - You look like you just about made it. - Almost. Thought for a minute you was U.S. Grant. Well, it's been a couple of weeks since I had time to shave. I've been kind of looking for a fellow. I don't suppose he passed through here. Young kid, about, uh, 22. He was wearing black pants and a checkedy black and yellow shirt. No, he ain't passed through here. - He was headed this way. - Yeah. He got here, all right, just didn't leave. If it's the same fellow, he pulled in about three days ago. Seems to be, uh, staying over there at the Paradise Saloon. - Just drinking, I hope. - Oh, not him. No, he put some new life in the local poker game. He's been over there three days now taking on all comers. Well, would you mind taking care of my friend? - I may be gone a little while. - Sure. All right, sir. I think I'll just see that. Out. Aces and 10 good enough? Then we ought to take his boots off? It's too late. There we are, on the table. What happened? - I was never so insulted in my life. - What happened? I knew that kid was no poker player the minute he come in the game. Accusing decent card players of cheating. - Yeah. - I can't stand a poor loser. - He lost, huh? - Mm-hm. How much did he lose? Oh, heck, he must have lost nigh under $3000. Everybody in town's got part of that money. That's a heart-breaking thing. Was he a friend of yours, mister? No, but the money was. Somebody better tell Bert Nicholson he's got another customer. Is there something wrong, ma'am? No, I'm all right, thank you. I'll move on if you want me to, but if I can help, I'd be glad to do it. I'll be all right in a few minutes. There's really nothing wrong. Any school kid could tell there's something wrong... when a young woman is out on the street alone at night crying. And you're freezing. No sense in you getting a chill. Thank you. You're very kind. Would you, uh, feel better if you talked it out? It's really not that important. I just had a terrible fight with the man I'm engaged to. I never knew he had such a bad temper. He just walked off and left me here. I'd be glad to walk you home. I don't live here in town. I live eight miles away. I think we can make it. I'm sure there's a buggy at the livery stable. Mine's Mary, Mary Shane. Well, I'm glad to know you, Miss Shane. And glad to see you feeling better. I guess I just went to pieces. Are you warm enough now? Yes, thank you. But you must be freezing. Oh, I'm fine. You know, that, uh, man of yours must be quite a gambler. I've never known him to gamble. He is tonight. Leaving a girl like you alone in town. We're coming to a very narrow bridge. It's dangerous if you don't know it. Maybe I'd better get out and walk ahead. - Better if I did, I know where to look. - Whoa, there. You go real careful. I'll follow slow. Don't move till I tell you. I'll call back if it's safe. How does it look? You all right, Miss Shane? Miss Shane? Miss Shane! That's the darnedest thing I ever heard of. For one thing, there ain't no bridges out that way. There ain't nothing to put a bridge over. Somebody put one over on me. Anybody named Shane live out that way? Ain't nobody live out that way. Any Shanes that live in town? I'm not much of a hand at remembering names. What about faces? Real nice-looking woman, good figure, about 25, 26 years old. Real pretty eyes and, uh, light red hair. Well, there was a redheaded lady living over at Mrs. Clemmer's boarding house. She fits the description, but I'm pretty sure it wasn't her. Where is this boarding house? You turn left down past the hotel, it's a white two-story house. Oh, look, friend... if I was you, I'd just figure I'd been pranked and let it go at that. You took the lady where she wanted to go and she left you. You'll find other pretty girls. I'd rather find this one. - What's so special about her? - The way she's dressed, friend. That coat of mine has a $1000 bill pinned in the pocket. All right, I'm coming. Hah. Is that all you got to do? Run around waking people up, 10:00 at night? Excuse me, I'm looking for a young lady. I was told she lives here. Well, she don't. A young lady with red hair, very pretty, about 26. Red haired you say? Light red hair? Yes, ma'am. The name she gave me was Mary Shane. - Well, she did live here. - Could you tell me where I could find her? I'm real sorry, young man. I hope Mary ain't a relative or something... she died a week ago. And you'll have to admit, sheriff... it just doesn't make any sense at all. I won't argue with that, there's no sense in it. A woman who's been dead for nine days is sitting out in the street crying. And you rent a buggy and take her out to a bridge that don't exist. She walks off with your coat... and a $1000 bill just, uh, tucked in the pocket. You always keep a $1000 bill pinned to your clothes? - That's right. For emergencies. - Uh-huh. All right, let's pretend I'm not drunk or delirious. - Did you know Mrs. Shane? - I knew her and thought high of her. She hadn't lived in White Rock more than a year but she was respected. A nice quiet widow woman, a lady. Never any trouble that you knew of? People in White Rock don't get into trouble, Mr. Maverick. Did she have any kinfolk? No. No, she was just about gonna get married though. She was engaged to Mr. Bert Nicholson. Nicholson? Who's he? Mr. Bert Nicholson is a leading citizen of White Rock. He runs a hardware store and minds his own business. Maybe I'll drop in on him tomorrow. Yeah, that ought to make him feel a lot better. There's nothing like jokes in a time of sorrow. I'll tell you what might be a better idea. Why don't you see if maybe there's some money pinned to your pants? And if there is get yourself a new coat and a horse... and a new town to play in. Well, I'll think about that, sheriff. Right now, I'd like to play this game out. Next morning, I took a little ride out to where Mary Shane had vanished. I hadn't really expected to find a bridge, and it's a good thing... because there wasn't one. What's going on? What happened? Things are starting to make sense. - Who were you shooting at? - Somebody was shooting at me. Oh, I admire you, Mr. Maverick. You come to a small town like White Rock... and find more excitement overnight than home folks do in a lifetime. You still don't believe me? You people can go back and finish your naps now. I've tried to believe you, Maverick. My only trouble is though... I don't believe in ghosts. Well, I don't either, especially when they carry Winchester rifles. Yeah, it did sound a rifle, doesn't it? Sheriff, ghosts usually wear white. At least, the night-riding kind do. The ghost with the Winchester was wearing a black broadcloth suit. Know anybody that wears black broadcloth? Yeah. There's you. Nobody else? There's Bert Nicholson. He's the one that's engaged to Mary Shane. Yeah, that's right. Why would a man wear a black suit to run a hardware store? Because he's the undertaker too. What did she die of, Mr. Nicholson? A bronchial condition. That's what brought her to this part of the country. She was never what you could call a well woman. Well, I'm sorry to hear that. Is there anything else you could tell me? I'm afraid that's all there is to tell. There was one thing more I'd like to know... Mr. Maverick, I'm sure you'll understand the past few days have been hard on me. I've sustained a very great personal loss. And the whole subject is one that I find painful to discuss. Well, I can understand that. What I wanted to know is... where were you 45 minutes ago? I was right here. You see, I have a funeral for tomorrow. A young man was shot last night playing poker. I know. What kind of a gun do you carry, Mr. Nicholson? Well, I have a Colt .38 revolver. Half the time, I never remember to carry it. If you have no further questions, Mr. Maverick... Maybe some will come to me. I sure hope he don't aim to settle down here permanent. I thought he looked a little strange when he come in here yesterday. He sure leads an interesting life. Buggy riding with ghosts, and being shot at by the undertaker. I think that's real enterprising of Bert drumming up business that way. He's beginning to look like a real go-getter. The undertaker had been nervous, but not careful. So I managed to get close enough to see what he'd come out here for. To meet Mary Shane? No. To play with rocks on a rockslide, which made as much sense as holding a funeral... for someone who was still very much alive. And taking a shot at me for being curious about it. We wouldn't want you to get the wrong idea of this town, mister. Ha, ha. Don't think all the girls here is that forward. I'm a local boy, they don't ask me to take them buggy-riding. Not even the dead ones. You gotta remember this Mary Shane was an out-of-town girl. In this town, it's hard to tell the live people from the dead ones. We're not like city people. Folks here, they're quiet, they go about their business. That's one of the first things I noticed. The liveliest thing seems to be the undertaking business. Well, now, you ain't still mad at our undertaker, are you? Undertaker has to make a living just like everybody else. Oh, you folks are getting me wrong, I'm all for a fellow making a living... as long as his living doesn't interfere with mine. I'm sure gonna have to remember that one. Ha, ha. Let's go, Harry. Hank Foster. Bret Maverick. I guess I didn't get to hear the first part of that story. Afraid it wasn't any funnier than the last part. They seem to get a kick out of joshing you about your girl. - My girl? - Well, this, uh, Mary what's-her-name. Oh, it's a local joke. I hardly know the girl. Just happen to spend part of the evening with her last night. Not knowing she'd been dead a week. You mean real dead or, uh, just the type you run into in a town like this? - Prettiest ghost I ever saw. - Well, that's sure a pity. But you can't get mad at the undertaker. No, I guess you can't. Did I hear he took a shot at you? Someone did. Usually it's the father that does the shooting. But I haven't had much experience with ghosts. You don't look like a local boy to me. Thank you. Just passing through on business, huh? Just passing through. Well, I hope you make it. Don't let them get you outnumbered. Good evening. FOSTER: Evening. - Got a nice room on the street side? - I think so. "Maverick." That's the one over in the slew that sees ghosts, isn't it? That's the one. Ha, ha. - Heard a friend of Mary Shaye. - Shane. He sure does have a grudge against your local undertaker. - Um, Mr... What's his name? - Bert Nicholson? Tsk. As if poor Bert didn't have enough on his mind already. - Why, was he a friend of Mary Shane? - More than that. They was right on the brink of getting married. Isn't that a shame? I knew the key to the whole thing was right here. Probably buried somewhere under the rock. But where would I begin? And what was I looking for? Bert, I'm afraid. Stop that. Get ahold of yourself. It could be anybody. It's him. I know it's him. What are we gonna do? You'd better hide in there, quick. Clear away some of that, just in case. - Who is it? FOSTER: I've got to talk to you. Business. - What is it? Who are you? - Are you Nicholson? Yes, that's right. What can I do for you? You can tell me where the money is hid. - Money? What money? - All of it, mister. Sixty-thousand dollars with a Wells Fargo label on it. Me? Sixty-thousand dollars? Why, this is ridiculous. It's gonna be worse than that. It's gonna be fatal in about three seconds. Now, wait a minute, mister. You've... You've got the wrong man. No, you got the wrong man. You tried to kill a fella today... just because he and I fit the same description. I don't make mistakes as easy as you do. Not when there's $60,000 in the pot. I've trailed that money a long way, and the trail leads right to you. - What would I know about $60,000? - What would you know about Mary Shane? - Mary Shane? - She died, they tell me. Sudden and convenient. - You don't make sense, mister. - I don't, huh? If I wanted someone to think I was dead, who would I get to help me? - The undertaker. - Why? Why would I do a thing like that? Because maybe Mary Shane gave you something to do it. Like part of that $60,000. When I count to three, this thing goes off. - One... - Well, now wait. Now, Felton, listen. Felton? That's real interesting. I signed the hotel register "Foster." Two. Now, wait. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. I had a feeling you would. It's, uh, hidden. It's buried in a box out on the north side of the canyon. That was a stupid thing to do. Bert? Well, isn't it nice to have the neighbors drop in. I think we've have enough of your jokes, Maverick. Did you make a special trip to tell me that? You had me misjudging you, I thought you was harmless. You had yourself a real good joke with Bert Nicholson... but he ain't laughing anymore. You mind telling me what you are talking about? Where were you 20 minutes ago? I was riding out west of town. - All by yourself? - That's right. You made it real clear that you don't think much of our undertaker. I don't like being gunned by a man I've never seen before. And you're the type to do something about it? - In general. What are you getting at? - You're under arrest... - for the murder of Bertram Nicholson. - What? I'm obliged to warn you that anything you say may be used in evidence against you. You just rest easy in there, son. Circuit judge will be in town next week. He'll see that you get a fair trial. Keep a close eye on him, George. - Yeah. He's inclined to be the least bit tricky. He's a killer. I knew that the minute he rode in into town. I was the first one he talked to. And I could tell, he was looking for a guy to gun right then. How's that, Jeff? Well, he come riding up to my place looking mean as all get-out. He as much as said he was tracking down a man to kill. Anybody in particular? Sure. That kid you had to kill in that poker game. - Kid in the checkedy shirt? - Right. When he found he couldn't kill him, he started looking for somebody else. He's learning his lesson the hard way. You don't come into White Rock... and gun down decent people in their own funeral parlor. Well, if he don't know it now, he'll know it this time next week. Judge McClaw gives that element short shift. I'd give him shorter than that. I wouldn't wait for Judge McClaw. He's been known to turn people loose. - What would you do? When my daddy was a boy, when they caught a killer, they killed the killer. That's the way it ought to be now. One thing we got plenty of is cottonwood trees. And rope. We've got peace officers too. Everything all right, George? - Quiet as church. Sure hope it stays that way. Better keep that front door locked. Afraid I might break out, sheriff? No. Afraid the folks in town might break in. Is it that bad? Better get that shotgun and keep it across your lap. Sure will, sheriff. Who's out there? You got a prisoner named Bret Maverick? Who are you? I'm his lawyer. - Anybody with you? - No. All right. Let me hear your guns drop on the sidewalk. All right, state your business, mister. I'm here to talk with my client. The law doesn't allow anybody to stop me from that. Go ahead and talk. The law says we talk in private. Can you leave me alone with him, please? I can go outside, but I'll have to lock you in with him. Well, that's the way they usually do it. - Howdy, Bret. - Good evening. Open it. What are you doing here? I figured you needed a friend. How'd you guess? There's sort of a citizens' meeting going on over at the schoolhouse. The shades are drawn. You're not the one who cashed in that undertaker, are you? In this town, I can't be sure he's dead. Over there, they think you've killed him. They're organizing a hanging, B. If you wanna help me, why don't you tell the sheriff about it? The sheriff can't help you now. You've just done too much talking around here. You as much as told them you'd get Nicholson before he got you. Did I? And all that talk about that dead girl didn't help any either. That doesn't make any sense at all. You know, I keep getting the feeling... that, uh, she's tied up with the rest of this some way. You really think so? Why don't you tell me the whole story and maybe I can help you figure it out. You know what I think? - What's that? - I think you're more interested... in Mary Shane than you are Bret Maverick. Are you her lawyer too? All right, you've called me. And I suppose I have to show you my cards. That's agreeable with me. I'm not here in this town by accident. And I'm not just a tramp cowpoke either. I'm a special investigator for the railroad. Well, doesn't that beat all? It just happens you know some things I've got to know. I'm prepared to make you a bargain. Spell it. You tell me everything you know about this Mary Shane business... and I'll get you out of here ahead of that lynching party. Maverick, I don't care a hoot about these cow-town hicks... or who hangs for killing one of them. All I want is to track down some money that was stolen from my company. And you don't want me to run out of breath before I've talked to you. There isn't much time. What's the plan? Disarm the deputy, lock him in his own jail... and watch him till you've had time to ride out of town. Can you do it without shooting anybody up? Like who? Like that deputy out there. I don't want anybody hurt. Nobody's gonna get hurt. You don't think I want that kind of trouble, do you? - All right, it's a deal. - Good. Now, the deputy's horse is out back. You wait for me in that little grove just beyond the west end of town. Uh... If you overshoot it, I'll manage to catch up with you. Jailer, anytime you're ready. I think you can let one of us out now. Come on out and lock it behind you. You'll find your hardware out where you dropped it. Thanks a lot, sheriff. Good night, Mr. Maverick. You've got your case in good hands. If it wasn't for you, I could be in bed asleep now. Don't lose any sleep on my account. Take your gun out real easy. Now unlock the door and step out into the street. I don't lose sight of you for a second. Unlock the door. Step inside. There's nothing personal about this. Don't make any noise going out of town. - Maverick? - Yeah. - Well, I see you made it all right. - Yeah. Thanks to you. Railroad detective, huh? What's that for? What were those shots I heard back there? I thought I heard shots. - Probably some of the crowd at the saloon. - The saloon was closed. Oh, that's right, it was. I thought so. The deputy? - Well, yes. - Why? If I hadn't, those people would be looking for both of us. Thanks. Now they're just looking for me. You know, Foster, this is a real tiresome habit you're getting into. This is the second killing you've hung on me. Why'd you shoot Nicholson? What'd I tell you? It's a funny thing about me... I couldn't ride back into town without the answer... and if I was ever going to find it, the rockslide was the only hope. Ain't it time the house bought a drink? I thought you went home for the night? I did, but I seen your lights go back on. You sleep with one eye cocked on this place? I was just being neighborly. Why aren't you out searching with the others? I figured if you're gonna have to miss out on the fun... the least I could do is keep you company. - Any luck? - He don't seem to be hiding in town. I don't see searching the countryside in the dead of night. Well, since we're all up, we might as well have another drink. Good evening, Mrs. Shane. Looks like we're bound to keep running into each other. How did you find me? - Well, I can tell you, it wasn't easy. - I'll just bet it wasn't. It's a long way from Montana to Texas when you have to stop... and kill people all along the way. Ah, that's a terrible thing to say about anybody. It wasn't my husband's idea to break out of prison. He promised me he'd serve his full sentence... so we wouldn't have to run anymore. And then you came along. He wrote me about it. It was you who planned the break, and it was you who killed the guard. - Maybe. - When you found out... what you needed to know about the holdup money, you killed my husband too. And you killed Bert Nicholson. You didn't have to kill Bert. Ma'am, you're jumping to an awful lot of conclusions. No, I'm not. Ah, how could you have known where I was? What name I was using. Nobody but my husband knew that. And maybe the man he broke out of jail with. You sound like you were there at the time. I didn't have to be. It was in the paper when the two of you escaped. I knew you'd show up. The paper gave your name and your description. Yeah, I figured it would. I wish you wouldn't stand so close to that. One wrong step and you could turn your ankle. I take it this is where the treasure's buried. How much money you figure we got here? Exactly $59,400. I used 600 to live on while I was waiting for my husband. You sure buried it deep. The rockslide did that. It wasn't my idea. I'd recommend you use the shovel, Mr. Felton. In fact, I insist on it. Well, I'll be. Take those guns out real easy and drop them. Now, dig. That's fair enough. What do you think we ought to do with this money? I know what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna turn it over to the people it belongs to. The money and you. Couldn't you have turned it in when they captured your husband? Saved everybody a lot of fuss and bother? I promised him I'd hide out and hold it for him. I was loyal to him. - And the undertaker too? - Just you keep digging. Well, the least you could do is talk to me while I'm working. It wasn't my fault I met Bert. I couldn't help falling in love with him. He was the kindest man I ever met. But I still didn't tell him about the money. Not till I read about the jailbreak. If either one of you had have been smart... you'd have dug up the money and hit the trail right then. We came to dig it up. The rockslide was over it. Ma'am, I'm thankful to you. You finally told me why you played dead. When your husband got here, he'd hear the news and keep on going, right? Use the shovel. I'll take that. No, I'll take that. I'll shoot. I just thought you'd talk a little easier holding a rifle. I took the precautions to empty it first. You gonna kill me? Mrs. Shane, I have a confession to make to you. My name isn't Felton and I never knew your husband. I hope you brought your own coat this time. That's good. I've become attached to mine. Shall we start back toward town? If you're not Felton, who are you? My name's Maverick, like I told you before. I'm just a plain old innocent bystander. Tell me something, Mrs. Shane. What was the point and purpose of us going buggy riding? Bert saw you in the saloon. We knew Felton was coming and you matched the description. I was to get you out there where we stopped the buggy... and Bert would be waiting with a rifle. - He was going to shoot me in cold blood? - We thought you were Felton. It was kill or be killed. Besides, Felton was wanted dead or alive. Bert didn't show up. There was a boy killed in a poker game... and they came to get Bert and he couldn't get out of it. It sure is a small world, isn't it? I didn't mean to keep you waiting so long. I see you've made good use of your time. Well, now, that's more than I can say for you. I figured you'd at least have your feet loose by now. I've got to talk to you. You can do all the talking you want on the way to the sheriff's office. - I wanna talk in private. - You're among friends. Oh, by the way, I forgot the introductions. Mrs. Shane, Mr. Felton. There's one thing I have to know. Is my husband dead? Did you kill him? I don't like the way you put that. Let's just say he's dead. Get on your horse. Hey, sheriff. I don't believe it. I'm gonna tell you something, up to a half an hour ago... when that telegram came in on those two convicts, I still didn't believe you. If we had hung you, it sure would have been a joke on us. Yeah, wouldn't it though? I'd have died laughing. You'll be staying for a while, won't you? At least till the reward comes through? That might not be a bad idea. How much do you figure that reward will come to? Well, figuring 5 percent, I'd say around $3000. What's the matter, Mr. Maverick? That's exactly how much the Kid stole from me. I'm just breaking even. Well, we could take care of that. I don't suppose you're a poker-playing man? Well, I've always meant to try it once. Mr. Maverick, there's no time like the present. And his credit's good. Right this way. - A chair for you. - Thank you. Ahem. - We always let newcomers have first deal. - Well, thank you. Now, let me see if I've got this right. Uh, each player gets five cards, right? OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 