Dynasty: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dynasty 
 s1e9 - Rotten Things - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dynasty (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Rotten Things - full transcript 
 The Carringtons' plan for a peaceful holiday are spoiled by two arrivals, and the scandals they bring with them. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Dynasty... _ _ I'll handle it. I always do. I'll get her the money to relocate. If anything happens to her, it is your fault. I need you to find out all you can about her sister, Iris Machado. You were trying to get over Culhane, and it was harder than you thought. Didn't you say that we should keep this 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 strictly business? We're at work, aren't we? Ted, hi. I'd love to see you. Can be in New York in three hours. _ Hey. Liberace? Grandpa? Wipe your nose and put on some pants. I'm taking you home. So, did you read our year-end report? I should've learned by now. Discussing dividends is your version 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 of an after-sex cigarette. At least you've moved past the "this is the last time we do it" speech. No, this really is the last time. I don't want people thinking we're only in business together because we share a bed. You mean a couch. Or that desk. Or the sink. The only time we leave the office is to do it on the balcony. Well, had you read the report, you'd understand why. We're not profitable yet. And this... isn't helping. Isn't it? My mom will be here any minute. I can't believe I get to spend the holidays with family. What, so I'm not family? I mean the two of you. Aren't you excited to see your sister? Of course. Look, I know it's been a long time, but we're Machados, Tía. Okay? We pick up where we left off. Like this. Oh. I thought you were my mom. If I'd raised you, you wouldn't be wearing that shirt. So... The year-end report. You know, we're a first-year company. We're expected to end in the red. When do I ever aim for the expected? What's wrong? Did Barneys run out of turtlenecks again? Monica. She's bailing on me for Christmas. Well, only fair after you ditched her on Thanksgiving for that mystery woman. So... who was she? Name, age, weight? Come on. You know about my past, why can't I know about yours? There was never another woman, Fallon. I was visiting my dad in prison. But I thought you cut ties with him. I'm trying to sew them back together. And, because of that, Monica's giving me the cold shoulder. Well, I'm sorry to hear that. I hope she'll come around. That's about as likely as you getting us out of the red. 'Tis the season for miracles. Mmm. So is your mom as pretty as your aunt? Gross. What? Intervention or surprise party? Welcome wagon, actually. Not for you. Thank God. I was afraid I was gonna have to act grateful. My sister's on her way. Oh, goody. Santa got me what I wanted. - Another Cristal. - Fallon. Best behavior. - Oh. - Are you kidding me? I'm sorry to disappoint. But I believe this is who you're waiting for. Feliz Navidad. Mami. Oh, mi hijo bello. _ So, this is where you live, huh? Oh, the ride up the driveway was longer than my flight. And who puts a pool next to a lake? This guy. - Hi. - Blake Carrington. Thank you so much for everything. The invitation, those little sandwiches on your fancy plane. Mami, this is, uh... Fallon. I've heard about you. I can only imagine. Oh. Must be nice having your mom for Christmas. Best gift anyone can give is family. Yes. Other than a trust fund and personal space. Okay, Google, how do I say "space" in Spanish? - Espacio. - Okay, we got it. If you'll follow me, I've had Mrs. Gunnerson arrange lunch for you. Double helpings, in case mother eats like son. And you've hidden the silverware? All locked away. Ho, ho, ho. - Dad? - Grandpa? I come bearing gifts. At least, I'm returning one. It's the thought that counts, right? Steven. How was New York? Any good meetings? I'm sure Grandpa will fill you in. He's exhausted from his little jaunt. You know, harsh weather. All that snow. Am I in the right house? If I'd have known you were coming, I would've... You would've hidden the undocumented? - Thomas, so nice to finally meet you. - Thank you. Hey... this is my wife, Cristal. If you'd come to the wedding, you would've met her. I did come to your wedding. The one that wasn't for a green card. Okay. Let's get lunch started, shall we? How's my favorite grandchild? Busy building an empire. That's my girl. - Actually, my girl. - Well, she was your girl until you let her go and leave my company. Actually, my company. I'm glad you're here, Grandpa. Thank you. We need to talk. Oh, son of a bitch. Is that cocaine? Your boy was humping everyone in New York City, save the Statue of Liberty, but I bet if she wore pants... What, you're spying on my family now? No, the tabloids are. My contact reached out, and I paid to have it killed. I can't imagine what another scandal would do to Carrington Atlantic. A company that I handed you because I thought you were ready to lead it. I have been running a tight ship for a long time, and you know it. Yeah, what ship would that be? The Titanic? You have a new COO who shared her naughty bits in public, you were in the middle of a murder investigation, and you lost my granddaughter to Jeff Colby. Now your son's a drug-addicted liability. I want you to fire Steven immediately. - Oh, how is that gonna help? - Well, if he's going to get caught, he won't get caught as the head of the Carrington Foundation. I'm not firing my son. I'll handle him in my own way, like a father would. Not that you would know anything about that. Well, I'm, I'm sorry, that you thought that was a suggestion. I want you to fire Steven, and if you don't, I'll contact the board and have them fire you. Dad, I'm sorry. No one is more embarrassed or concerned than I am. It was a slip. And I am ready to forget all about New York and just focus on work. That's not what I want you to do. I don't want you to forget what happened. I want you to get the help you need. What, like rehab? Fine. Yes, I will go. If that's what it'll take for you to trust me again. That's a start. Why don't you join your grandfather and me downstairs? Uh, you're on your own there. Frank, hi. I'm expecting someone at the west gate. Can you ring me when they get here? I take it you saw my budget proposal. This isn't a proposal, it's a bloodbath. I'm not laying off two-thirds of my people before Christmas. Oh, well, we can wait until the 26th. I'm serious, Fallon. Well, so am I. I'm only trimming the fat because we have a balance sheet to consider. Scrooge would have done it. I think you missed the point of that story. No company of mine will ever put profits over people. End of discussion. Bah, humbug. But don't worry. I'm working on another angle. Damn, the Carringtons really do keep you around the clock. Yeah, well, the end-of-the-year bonus is worth it. Am I driving you and Fallon today? 'Cause she didn't tell me anything about that. Well, that makes two of us. She just said she was taking me shopping. Kori told me about your breakup. I'm sorry to hear it. Yeah, well, it's my fault. I thought it was Fallon's. Mm. No, I make my own choices. Does Fallon know that? I'm driving myself today. That way you won't be stuck with us if I take too long. You're too kind. I can even get my own door. Not sure where his holiday spirit is. It's not like he's lonely. Are you? I'm fine. I'm evolving. That's mature. It's a pain in the ass. I bet you're thinking, "Could've been me", right? So, Iris, Cristal tells me it's been 12 years since you've seen each other? And six since I've seen my boy. I couldn't manage being away from my kids that long. You do what it takes. Actually, Thomas, I regret it. I regret every day that I wasn't around to see my son become this amazing, beautiful, young man. Oh, stop it. But, like, don't. I won't make that mistake again. I want to stay in America. - What? - What? Maybe I'll apply for a job at Carrington Atlantic. Smart move. I hear they're taking anyone these days. I'm hoping you have some pull. I could move here legally on a work visa, stop depending on Cristal's money and your kindness, Blake. I like to work hard for what I have. I can type. I'm good on the phone. Anyway, it's just an idea. Not that you've given it a lot of thought. Obviously. Well, I'd have to run it by the COO. I can't do it. I can't believe you lied to me. Oh, yeah, I know. No one should ever lie about shopping. I knew if you had too much time to think about it, you wouldn't come. - I'm barely here now. - Well, you have to stay. I mean, I even called up ahead to set up a visit. - Fallon. - When I saw Cristal and her Sears catalog family, they just seemed so happy to be reunited. And I know that Jeff was crushed when he heard you were bailing on your family for Christmas. I can't believe Jeff told you. - That wasn't his decision to make. - Don't be mad at him. I just know that when my dad shut me out for a week, I couldn't stand it. I can't imagine losing him for ten years. That's right. You can't imagine. - Mommy. - Shh. Prisoner 2F529. Ready for you. No. Look, this was your idea. You go see the bastard yourself. I'm out. No! No! Did anyone see you come in? Yeah, just that guy Frank at the gate. He's an old friend and my drug hookup, so his lips are sealed. So, uh, where are we going? Oh, Betty Ford, allegedly, but pick a place on Earth and that's where we'll be. My friend, Jeff, offered us his plane so we won't have to deal with airport security or my father. Paris for New Year's? Not every day some Buckhead Betty rolls up in here. You lonely, honey? I'm sorry to disappoint, but I'm not one of those crazy nutjobs who falls for guys in prison. Cute jacket. So, you mind telling me what this is all about then? I'm a close friend of Jeff and Monica's. She was actually coming here to visit you today. Why? Well, she is your daughter. And she's not welcome here. You know, people say I'm the one that convinced Chelsea and Ivanka to make up, so I'm sure I can negotiate a treaty - between you and Monica. - I'm sorry, but who the hell are you? Well, I'm her friend. Fallon Carrington. You're Blake's daughter. No. He's my father. - It's just I've known Jeff and Monica since... - Get out. - Get the hell out. - Let's go. Get your ass out of here! Never come back again, you hear me? And stay away from my kids! Wait, is that... Tía, you have to see this. It's an album that my mom brought from when you were kids. I can't believe you have all these. Why would you do that? Asking Blake for a job? How could you? I didn't ask him for your job. Because you couldn't do my job or any job. As if you know anything about me. After you left, you barely looked back. You don't know what I did for money. I can certainly handle a simple secretary job. Secretarial. Oh, my God, who cares? Point is, if she got work, she could stay. - No, she can't. - Why? We just got her here. She's been on the run for 12 years for money you both stole. Look at the life you got. I can't go back to Venezuela. I can't. I just want to start over like you did, here, with my son. Why is that so hard for you to understand? She doesn't want your life. She just wants us. Have you handled Steven yet? Timing's crucial, son. We can bury the news during the holiday season when the news cycle slows down. That won't be necessary. He slipped, he knows he's wrong, and he assured me he'll go to rehab. I didn't raise you to be a fool, Blake. And you didn't raise my son. I know him. I know how to get through to him and he understands my concerns. Believe it or not, it'll work better than your approach. - You'll see. - Really? Nobody has to be fired. Well, tell that to the Ken doll sneaking out of the east wing. Something wrong with the front door? It was you, wasn't it? You dragged him with you to New York. Steven came to me. Look, you know he doesn't do anything he doesn't want... This wouldn't have happened if you hadn't come back into his life. What's it gonna be? Will 50 grand do it this time? Ah, there's the Blake Carrington I know. Yeah, he doesn't get his way, he throws money at the problem. You know what? How about that or this golf club? You pick. Mr. Carrington, you know what the first step of rehab is? It's finally admitting that you're powerless. You told Fallon? What are you talking about? Your little business partner just took me on a field trip to Atlanta North State Correctional. You know how messed up things are between Dad and me. You know I don't want that out in the world. I didn't tell the world and I wasn't trying to hurt you. Fallon was asking me about it. She thought I was with some girl, so... Who cares? Oh, my God, you're sleeping with her? So, I have bad news. Looks like you already know it. I'm sorry, okay? I-I-I didn't mean to put you in an awkward position. By bringing me to see my dad or by screwing my brother? Monica, please. It's not a big deal. We agreed to keep it low-key to avoid drama. We agreed not to tell anyone about Dad. Guess low-key isn't your strong suit. I understand you're upset, but I'm a grown-ass man, Monica. I don't need you vetting who I sleep with. It's not like you listen, anyway. Luckily, she'll soon be back with her boy toy driver, now that he's single. Culhane broke up with Kori? Obviously, he didn't tell you. Maybe 'cause he's learned to avoid all her drama. Why haven't we? Homemade alfajores. I figured the olive branch could use an upgrade. So, you made those... treats? I thought Mrs. Gunnerson had some sort of psychotic break. Oh. Healthy sum for a peasant. She's not a peasant. And that's probably the last of the money that I sent her. American cash is king in Venezuela. This particular cash has been marked by me in case those fish-head goons we paid off come back and cause trouble. But how would she have gotten that money? I don't under... My own sister tried to rob me. Must be genetic. Threats, extortion, blackmail. I can't believe Iris would do this. Between the two of you, is there a commandment you haven't broken? The literal buck, as they say, stops here. We are taking this to Blake. No. I'm going to my sister first. I just need time to think things through. Time just helps her. If she really scammed us for $300,000, who's to say she's finished? I'm not letting her leave with a dime. But, please, Anders, you have to let me handle this myself this time. Oh, I miss the old days when all you had was a dead ex-lover. In my defense, I didn't know your dad had a problem with her. You kind of left out that critical information. If I'd have thought you were gonna do that, I'd have kept lying about my imaginary girlfriend. Was it so hard to believe I'd want to do something nice for you and Monica? Well, and me, but mostly you. I mean, after you told me about your father, I also started thinking about prisons. Those things are open 24/7, 365 days a year, and they need power. So I called to set a meeting with the Atlanta operations manager who oversees where your dad is, but he wouldn't take my call. That's why you took Monica with you? To stage a run-in? Well, I needed a visitor's badge to get in. I figured I would find the operations manager while she was with your dad. You know, two birds, one stone. Fix your family and fix our books with a new deal. But when Monica bailed, I had to explain to your dad what happened and I missed the guy. So, now my dad and my sister are both pissed at me, and we're still in the red. Look, I will fix it, okay? I promise. That isn't for me, is it? Not that you deserve it. No. No, you're right. I don't. Don't open it until Christmas. - Hello? - You have a collect call from Fulton County Jail. Do you wish to accept the charges? Uh... uh, yeah, sure. Ah, Steven, thank God. It's Ted. I'm in jail. Why? What the hell happened? I got pulled over as soon as I left your house. Look, they said they found drugs in my car, and now they're trying to charge me with possession. How much were you carrying? Nothing. Someone planted it. Steven, this is my third strike. I could get real time. Look, you still know people, don't you? Even if I wanted to help, I can't. You pushed my contact out of the force. Hell, out of the country. Ted Dinard can rot in prison for all I care. You did this, didn't you? You called the cops. Please, that's beneath me, Steven. All of a sudden there's a line you won't cross? All of a sudden, I don't have somebody to cross it for me. The only person that could get this done for me is enjoying early retirement in the Caribbean, thanks to you. Good news... you don't need to worry about when you're gonna see Ted again. I have a feeling he's gonna be in Atlanta for a while. Wow. Someone's feeling generous. Where'd you get the money to buy all the presents? I saved up a little. A little as in $300,000? Why do you have the money I gave the blackmailers in your purse? It was you. I thought you'd come up with a lazy excuse, but you didn't even bother. You told me it was getting complicated to send money every month. So you forced me to give it to you all at once by pretending you're in danger? It's the only way I knew you cared. 12 years I've been on my own. I lost faith in people, especially the ones with enough money to buy a new name, a new life, a new family. Were you ever in danger? I ran from those men for seven years. And the other five? You took advantage of our past and made me think we were at risk after all that I've done for you. After all you did? You were living the good life in America while I was struggling in Venezuela. I thought you would never miss a few extra dollars, and guess what... I was right. You have no idea how hard I worked for that money. The hours I stayed up late at night worrying that Alejandro's bosses were after you. I want you out of here. On a flight out of Atlanta, out of our lives. You think you can just push me out? - This is my house. - No, this is Blake's house. And I know you didn't really tell him everything, or Sam wouldn't be here. If I tell your husband what really happened, who do you think will be on a flight out of Atlanta? Don't test me, Celia, or I promise you, I will tell him everything. Heard about your tiff with Steven. Anders' loyalties really do shift whenever you're home. Don't know how you got that boy arrested, but I'm proud of you for solving that problem. I didn't fire Steven. Oh, you did one better. Firing him would have just been a Band-Aid. You cut out the boil by the root. Unexpected and efficient. You keep your job for now. What do you mean they can't release him until after the holidays? I know it's Christmas, but if you're on a retainer, then... I'll pay overtime... Just make sure my friend is out. What's up with you? I know it's dead wrong, but I wish I could call Stansfield. I know, there really are no good deeds. Hear, hear. The tree's got bigger balls - than you do. - Thank you, Dad. No, serious. I don't know why I let the ghosts of Christmas past and present get to me. Well, maybe we can perform an exorcism before midnight. OK Google, where can I find a priest? Here are the top search results... How useful. Yeah. If only it could play CDs. Getting nostalgic for your high school mixes? No. Jeff gave it to me. Oh, that's personal, for a co-worker. I gave you mixes. Don't be weird, Steven. I haven't had a CD player in years. Maybe you could ask Culhane. Well, you two better brighten up if you want Santa to bring you diamonds and not lumps of coal. Our family reunions are a little more siesta than fiesta. Well, this is the first Christmas I've had with my whole family in 12 years, so stop sucking all the fun out of it. By all means, don't cry for me, Argentina. We're Venezuelan. Just take the win. Don't let our attitudes ruin things. Enjoy your family. Someone should. All right, everyone, gather 'round. There are a few things that I insist on during the holiday season, and this is one of them. Steven, Fallon, if you would do me the honor... We'll start with one of Grandpa's favorites. And get it over with. ♪ Good King Wenceslas looked out on the feast of Stephen ♪ ♪ When the snow lay round about ♪ ♪ Deep and crisp and even ♪ ♪ Brightly shone the moon that night ♪ ♪ Though the frost was cruel... ♪ ♪ Deep and crisp and even ♪ ♪ Brightly shone the moon that night ♪ ♪ Though the frost was cruel ♪ ♪ When a poor man came in sight... ♪ They really put the white in "White Christmas". - Sam, shh. - Remind me to make other plans for New Year's. Wha... what? What are you doing? It's supposed to be a party. Oh, my God. Whatever racist commentary is running through your mind, just keep it to yourself. I'm not a racist. I-I was just going to say that homosexual really can dance. Perhaps you should remind your nephew that he should act like a gentleman. This party is supposed to honor the family, not embarrass them. Maybe they need to be embarrassed more often. Well, I guess you've got to admire their passion. You know what I admire, the fact that your little start-up-that-could might break even first year. - That's impressive. - Well, we'll see. Either way, it's just the beginning for Morell Corp. I'd bet on it. You would've been a star at Carrington Atlantic if your dad could've kept his head out of Selena's skirt. What's the matter? You don't like the competition? I think you've already caused enough of a scene. Me? You started it. Okay, well, now I'm ending it. You just think that you can control everything, don't you? Especially now that you're just part of this family and you have all this money, you just think you can push me out and take my son. I didn't take Sam. He chose to come here. And after everything you have done to me, I can't imagine what kind of mother you were to him after I left. I was a good mother. Bad mothers always say that. Aah! Oh! Happy birthday, Jesus. I never did anything but try to make your life better! Is that what you told yourself when you abandoned us? When you got in that truck in Caracas? I had no choice. I needed a doctor. It's not my fault you never showed up. Why didn't you? Because you wanted me to leave. You blamed me for what happened that night. That's why you think I owe you still. What are you guys talking about? Go ahead, Cristal, why don't you tell him? Why don't you tell everyone? I can't take it anymore, Iris. Lo siento. Yo lo hice. Iris, no. Iris, no. No! _ Samuel... I killed your father. You're looking for my mom? Because she left without saying good-bye. I'm looking for you, Sam. I am so sorry. About your dad, about it all. You have to know that I never wanted you to find out in this way. And how were you hoping I'd find out? There is not a day that goes by that I don't wish that I could change what happened, or how I handled it. But your dad was a violent man. I was protecting your mom and you. But all these years you let me think he abandoned me. I grew up feeling completely worthless, thinking, "Why should anyone care about me if my dad didn't". I care about you, Sam. And you're not worthless. You have to know that. Well, I-I'm glad you saved my mom that night. But you robbed me of the truth about my life every single day after that. I know that saying sorry won't make up for tonight... Tonight? What about the last five months? I know you don't trust me right now, but please let me explain. What, just like you did about your relationship with Matthew? Or that your real name is Celia? Or that you stole hundreds of thousands of dollars? I know that I have said this before, but this is it. This is everything, I promise. And I'm willing to do whatever it takes to show you that this is the whole me, that I love you with my whole heart. And that is the whole truth. Can you believe me? Yes, I believe you. I believe that you are willing to do whatever it takes to put your past behind you. I just don't know that I am. What does that mean? You're up early. Well, it's hard to rest for Santa when you have a murderous stepmom sleeping down the hall. What's your excuse? I got you something. Enjoy memory lane. What are you two reminiscing about? You know, back in the old days, we used to hire the help to make the beds, not sleep in them. - That's enough. - I know you think I'm just an old, white, closed-minded tight-ass. - Go on. - But I was young once. And a lot like you in some ways. I had my own lost weekend. Quite a few of them if I'm being honest. And your great-grandfather snapped me out of it, just like I did to you. - What? - But that's what this family is, right? We love life, we get drunk, and we do cocaine with Stevie Nicks. But we're not kids anymore, Steven. And your father didn't get rid of your friend just so you could go down that destructive path again. You couldn't have kept that to yourself? That was a rotten thing to say. Sometimes rotten things have to be said. And done, Carrington style. Now, I let your father keep his job. But if you think I'm gonna let him disobey me without any consequences, you're not the smart businesswoman I always thought you were. It's called evolving, Grandpa. You should try it. Sooner the better. Well, there's another Christmas without a good-bye. Everyone deals with their families in their own way. Some choose to leave them during the holidays, others after a murder. You chose to bring Iris here so you'd find out more about Cristal. I hate to say you got what you wished for, but... At least I get my chess partner back. Hmm. I bet you miss winning. I only let your father win so he feels good about himself. You, on the other hand, like the challenge. You did have Ted arrested. Grandpa just told me. Good luck with that. Fool me once, right? No, I fooled your grandfather. Steven, I had nothing to do with Ted's arrest. Uh, not to say that I minded it. Why do you keep defending the guy anyway? He's nothing but quicksand. All he's ever done is drag you down. Ted didn't drag me down. I dragged him. You know, you need to stop blaming other people for what I do. I'm trying to protect you. Been trying my whole life. You really think that helps me? Blaming other people for my mistakes? Ted's in jail. That's where I should be. You didn't have drugs in your car. - Stop being a martyr. - I'm talking about Dominic Ortega. Stansfield told me before he left town. I messed up on that rig. Ortega died, and you made Matthew cover it up. It would have ruined you, son. Well... now it's ruined us. Hey. Thank you for coming. If you just wanted to apologize again, you could've done that on the phone. Well, then I couldn't have given you this. The Colby Kids Fund? It's a nonprofit endowment that provides transportation vouchers for children to visit their incarcerated parents. So this is just another tax break to get your books right. No. I decided that Morell Corp. will end its year in the red. Some things are more important than finances. Few things. But you were always there for me. Especially when my mom left. I just, I wish you could've let me be there for you. Your mom traipsing off to England is not the same thing as my dad getting arrested for drugs. I was so embarrassed by the cliché he turned me into. A scholarship kid with a dad in prison. I never even went to go visit him. And he was so hurt by it that he never forgave me. I mean, I was just a kid. But he said, "We all reap what we sow." But I mean, hey, at least my friends didn't see me as less than. Or as their own personal charity case. But, Monica, I've never seen you that way. Fallon, I'm not just here to make you feel good about yourself. Jeff can do that. And if you really cared about our friendship, you'd stop using him to replace Culhane. But I'm not. I mean, Jeff did literally tell me I could use him... Well, then, that's on you, Fallon. But we all reap what we sow. Hey, Bobbi? Oh, sorry, Chief of Police. I'll never get used to calling you that. Can't believe how far my cousin's come up. Yeah, I just wanted to thank you for helping me with that Ted Dinard thing. I owe you. He's ready for you. What the hell was that all about? - I didn't know she would... - _ Fallon Carrington? I shouldn't have told her, all right? I had no idea she would come and visit. And here I was thinking you were the smart one in the family. _ - It's not what it looks like, Dad. - No, it's not. You're in one hell of a mess. And it's my fault. What, you... think I'm here on drug charges? You think I'm that much of a stereotype? Mm-hmm, yeah, sure looks like one. But try being a black man in Georgia with no legal representation, forced to appear in front of a judge and explain how a brick of blow got into the trunk of my car. A judge whose country club membership is paid for by the Carringtons. Mm. Yeah, they wanted me gone. Quietly. So it wouldn't come out that I was trying to kill the man that was screwing your mother. Blake Carrington. Think I don't know that? Wish it hadn't taken so long for you to tell me yourself, but I figured it out. Why do you think I'm getting so close to his family? Hmm? _ Monica? Can I come in? You think you know a person. And then... This is the crappiest mix anyone has ever made me. I didn't choose the songs. Some teacher/DJ did at the Penley winter dance. Oh, my God. 2007. The night you stood me up. We all make mistakes. Well, at least this is one we can fix. But I can't do this anymore. I don't want to use you anymore. I want this to be real. What are you doing? Making my own choices. How about you? Diego Calastana. I am sorry to keep you waiting. Blake Carrington. What a pleasure it is to meet you. Been looking forward to this for quite some time. - synced and corrected by sot26 - www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 