Dynasty: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dynasty 
 s1e3 - Guilt Is for Insecure People - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dynasty (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Guilt Is for Insecure People - full transcript 
 Steven faces serious charges; Blake files a desist order for Fallon; Anders confronts Cristal about her past. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [narrator] Previously on Dynasty: [Fallon] That company Dad values most in the world, he should be giving it to me. Fallon, that is no way to talk to your new boss. - He offered me the COO position. - [grunts] Please, call me Mom. Windbriar. Heard of it? With Jeff's backing, I will be chief executive officer of Carrington Windbriar. - My own company, my name. - It's my name. I know I said Cristal is the black sheep, but we both are. Just know that I know everything, Miss Machado. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You've done questionable things for family, too. There was no accident! You killed my husband! We're here for Mr. Carrington. You have the right to remain silent. ♪ Like a virgin ♪ ♪ Touched for the very first time ♪ ♪ Like a virgin ♪ ♪ When your heart beats ♪ [chuckles] You like it when I pretend to be someone else. I don't care who you are. As long as I help you pick costumes. We should get you red leather pants. That's '80s, right? Yeah. Except I've never been invited to the Carrington Foundation Gala. I know. I think you'd look hot in red leather pants. Now that you've tried this on, how about I help you take it off? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [cell phone chimes] ♪ And you're mine ♪ - There's no texting in the '80s. - I know. I'm waiting to find out what's happening with Steven's bail. It's from Colby. Says he has a surprise for me. ♪ Yeah, your love thawed out ♪ Somebody sure does move fast with Jeff Colby. I move fast for business. - That's it? Just business? - Ugh. Why do men always have to ruin everything by talking about their feelings? Hey. There is nothing going on between me and Colby except for work, Michael. - Mm. - Work... which I have to get to. Carrington Windbriar is about to sign their first client. Well... you sure do move fast, baby. Pfft. Baby? Who do you think I am? - [woman] Carrington. Did you kill Matthew? - [man] Why did you do it, Steven? [woman] What was your relationship with the victim? Dad, these charges are a joke. I heard a joke. My son gives millions of dollars to an ecoterrorist group that kills my best engineer. The DA didn't find it funny. He's accusing you of murder, saying you had the means and motive to tamper with that equipment. Were you at that site? How can you even ask? I had nothing to do with Matthew's death. Honestly, I doubt the Last Earth Coalition did either. They're using this to get free publicity off the Carrington name. My name. And it was my money you used to fund - these tree-hugging snowflakes. - Just trying to do something good. - You wouldn't understand. - You know everything. I don't think you need my lawyers. Find your own way out of this. - Here, let me. - Yes, sir. [speaking in Spanish] I'm sorry, Cristal. My Spanish isn't very good. Anders, I've told you. I've done nothing illegal. I changed my name so some of my less desirable family members couldn't find me. [speaks in Spanish] Seems you're unsuccessful. Great tie. A different shade of black than yesterday? That robe traditionally is worn by a female guest. Maybe you can wear it to the gala. [Cristal] I've been thinking. Considering everything that's happened with Matthew's death and with Steven's arrest, do we really think now is the best time to have a charity gala? From a PR standpoint, it could be considered trivial. We should postpone it. Most idiotic idea since Daddy proposed to you. You can't postpone the Carrington Foundation Gala. - Bad timing. That's all. - [Fallon] Know what else is bad? Kids' educations getting ruined because you were too stressed to get a blowout. Great PR move. And you are such a charitable person. I'm sure it has nothing to do with you wanting to mingle with your father's contacts. I've known those people for years. The Carrington name is not only my father's. It is also mine. As much as it disgusts me, it is yours now. Which means you have responsibilities, like it or not. You can't wash away the name like you do your heavy foundation. [Anders] Welcome home, sirs. Are you okay? May I get you anything? Yeah. How about some gratitude? - Good to have you home, big brother. - [Anders] Just in time for the gala. The latest Mrs. Carrington wanted to cancel, but I'm concerned it'll reflect poorly on you. No, if we cancel, it would look bad. We should proceed as planned. That's one of the few things I'm proud the Carrington name is attached to. - Be sorry to miss it. - Why would you? I'm being charged with murder. I can't go to an '80s party. We'll all be there to represent you. And I'm looking forward to my first hostessing duties - as Mrs. Blake Carrington. - [Blake] Mm. Still gives me a thrill when I hear you say that. [upbeat Latin pop music playing] Hey. Care to join me? Maybe later. There is something you can do, though. - Oh, no. There's many things I can do. - Yeah, and I want them all. But right now, I need to prove where I was the morning of Matthew's murder. And since we were together, I need you to go on record as my alibi. I'm trying to avoid the whole prison thing. Of course. Um... I just... I might not be very helpful. You see, I haven't always been the stand-up citizen you see before you today. Me and my friends, we got in trouble when I was younger. All stupid kids' stuff. I wanna help you but... But what? But if I testify, it'll only hurt you. With my track record, no jury will believe anything I have to say. I get it. If I thought it'd be helpful and not harmful, I'd do it. Thanks for being so honest. Kind of rare around this house. [cell phone ringing] - We need to talk now. - Calm down. What's wrong? Mi mamá, she was hysterical. She called me. Her place got tossed. She was robbed. What if they find her? She was so scared. She needs to lay low. - I'll get her money to relocate. - Anything happens to her, - it's your fault. - Nothing will happen. Easy to say that from your mansion. I won't let anything happen to my sister. Trust me, Sam. I'm gonna need new eyelash extensions after all this buildup. - Better be worth it. - Oh, it will. Check it out. - Why have you brought me here? - To show you your new office. What do you think? - You hate it? - [sighs] Pencils? You always say nothing is in pen until it's first vetted by your attorneys. - [Fallon] Treadmill desk? - Because as you say, sharks die if they stop swimming. [Fallon] And a fully stocked champagne fridge. Because anything worth celebrating happens in the office. [Fallon sighs] I can't believe how well you know me. Been studying you for a long time, Fallon Carrington. I think you're great, Jeff. - I think you're great. - Not like the thought - hasn't crossed my mind a few times. - The thought? We need to keep our professional boundaries in place. Oh. You thought... Uh, I'm flattered, obviously, but your greatest asset is your brain. Wouldn't wanna ruin anything business-wise 'cause you couldn't keep it in your pants. - [chuckles] - [cell phone chimes] Ah. Good news. Looks like the Kwan brothers are backing us from now on. I thought they were investors in your dad's company. They were until about one second ago. I'm the one who found them. I nurtured them, so, I decided to poach them. You've got your priorities straight. It's not virtual champagne. - [man] Fallon Carrington? - Yeah? You've been served. A cease and desist? - Carrington name is trademarked? - It sure is. - Since when? - Since your mother tried to use it to start a line of lip-plumping kits. Should I have Anders set - another place for lunch? - You're trying to take my name? I gave it to you. I can certainly take it away. You are pushing me into litigation so my investors will get spooked and back off. You figured out my strategy. I guess you learned at the feet of the master. If you think this is going to stop us, you have seriously underestimated me. You wanted to play with the big boys, little girl? Let the games begin. Subtitles by explosiveskull [Cristal & Vera speaking in Spanish] [in Spanish] Want to try some fresh mandocas with plantains? [in Spanish] What do you have "on special"? Come. Let's take a look. I need to get money to my sister today. Ten thousand. Is this double the usual? Can your people in Maracaibo make it happen or not? For 30 percent we can make penguins fly. Then make them fly quickly. There's a problem with your card. No, that can't be. Try again. The money is there. Come back when you have the cash. If the Whitneys are coming, get plenty of Ostatrova. They slurp it like Pellegrino. Okay. Mrs. Carrington, since you were so particular about the last event that I planned, I should pretend to consult you about this one. That can wait. I just got off the phone with my bank. And your checking account has been closed. I took the liberty of merging your pennies with Mr. Carrington's millions. You're welcome. - I didn't authorize that. - In your prenup. But why bother reading when you, like every other woman who lies about her name, age or IQ, marries for love? The key to the castle. But I would think twice before spending any large sums. I bring red flags to the attention of Mr. Carrington. [Blake] What about Mr. Carrington? Oh, I see you got your black card. Fun, right? If you have any further issues, don't hesitate. - What issues? - No issues. Everything's great. Mm. I know you want your financial independence, but I want total transparency in all things, even something silly as money. - Blake... - [Blake] Sweetheart. Sweetheart. I don't want there to be secrets between us. Secrets killed things between me and Alexis. Go buy anything you want from boots to boats. I love you. Damn it. The Kwan brothers pushed us from tomorrow. Didn't bother to reschedule. Must've heard about the cease and desist. No one wants to tie their business to legal red tape. - Two more. Extra dirty. - [man] Two extra dirty. Right away, sir. Extra dirty. Another move from Blake Carrington's Art of the Deal. Kompromat. We find something to use as leverage over my dad - so he'll drop the case. - Where is this dirt? If I don't know where the bodies are buried, - I can guess who dug the holes. - His chauffeur? Seems like he's wrapped around your finger. Or are you wrapped around his? Culhane likes to do me the occasional favor. He's got a little crush. I bet. Wanna come with me to an '80s gala to benefit the Carrington Foundation? Asking me out on a date? A professional date. The Kwan brothers will be there and so will Daddy. He wanted a war. Let's make sure he's the casualty. [Sammy Jo speaks in Spanish] [Cristal] Listen, Millie. Anders wants me to taste-test this caviar, but I can't tell the difference. Can you try it for me and tell him which one I choose? [Millie] Of course. - Did you take care of things? - I tried. It's complicated. Anders is watching me like a hawk. - Somehow he found out my real name. - What? I can't just ask for money. Secrets destroyed Blake's first marriage. I can't go and tell him my entire past is one big lie. It'll kill him. - Better hope it doesn't kill your sister. - Stop it. I'm figuring it out. It's mi mamá. We have to do something. What about this? I have friends who could fence it. What kind of friends do you have? Besides, the jewelry is fake. - They use it to try on with the gowns. - Do something, tía. Or I will. [Cristal speaks in Spanish] I'll figure it out. I always do. [commentators speaking in Spanish on TV] [Culhane] Madonna has one name. Rihanna. Kanye. You could be cool like that. Just Fallon. I need him to know it was a huge mistake - to choose Cristal over me as COO. - I know you feel work is everything, but you are Blake Carrington's daughter. You will never lose your place in his heart. What new honey vape are you smoking? I don't care about his heart. I care about his name. I need something that's gonna make him back off that lawsuit. How about some front-seat intel? All of a sudden, you have ethical professional boundaries? [sighs] You know something. Come on, Fallon. Last week, it was obstruction of justice. This week, it's corporate espionage? Your little favors are gonna land me in jail. You know what? Why don't you ask Jeff Colby for help? - He's your partner, right? - Oh, wait. You won't give me dirt on my dad because you're jealous? [scoffs] My advice has nothing to do with jealousy. Don't waste your time going after your father or his name. Make your own. It's the privilege of the lady of the house to choose the auction item. [Cristal] I can't even imagine how much these cost. - These are rich-people problems. - Make a choice, Mrs. Carrington. I need a favor. Ride into town? An alibi. The morning of Matthew's murder, I passed you at the front gates. I was driving in, you were driving the Aston out? Sorry, man. You know I move these cars all the time. If you say you saw me, I'm happy to back you up. No, no, no. I don't want you to lie. It's been a crazy few days. Does any of this craziness have to do with you and Cristal's nephew? Seems complicated considering everything that's going on. Out of anyone, I understand complicated secret relationships, so... How long have you been hanging out with my sister now? Three years? Four. Pfft, wow. - Well, I'll always keep your secret. - You always have. Of course. Practically one of the family. Which means you'll have to come visit me when I'm in jail. Hey, Steven. Hold up. Look, I know something that might help you with your case. How'd you like front-seat intel? Steven, how's your innocence project going? - You ready for my lawyers yet? - Just the truth. Remember how we agreed to protect Cristal and the family? We erased every trace of any connection - to Blaisdel from our lives. - I gave the order. It wasn't about protecting Cristal or the family, was it? It's about protecting you. The pressure getting to you? Have a Scotch, do some yoga, - but leave my study. - I know you have Matthew Blaisdel's phone. - Who'd give you such a crazy idea? - Doesn't matter. But it should've been in evidence. Which means you got it from Stansfield. But why? The only reason that makes any sense is there's something on it that incriminates you. Son, let my lawyers take this over. They'll have you off in less than a week. No, they'll be busy defending you. How dare you question me? I have done all of this for you. I am protecting you. - And this is the thanks I get? - There it is. There's that temper again. You think your name means you can give everything with one fist and smash it with the other? That's why I don't answer your calls. That's why I left. And as soon as I'm exonerated, I'm gone for good. [sighs] Thank you, but I don't think this is the one. - I'm feeling taffeta with puffier sleeves. - Can't believe you're supporting Dad's gala after the way he's treated you. I'm not. I'm going to support the underprivileged children. You don't do anything if it doesn't benefit you in some way. Mm-mm. Everyone who is anyone in the South is going to be there. It's good for business, plus the perfect venue to remind Blake I'm every inch a Carrington, despite what he and his lawyers believe. Sure you wanna be associated with the Carrington name now? Considering my charges, not to mention whatever mess Dad's involved in. [chuckles] What did Blake do now? Pop one of his sleeping pills and tweet again? What did he do? Oh, come on. You know no one shares your Daddy issues but me. What if the issue is murder? Matthew? I know Dad's a Cristal addict, but you think he'd go that far? He has Matthew's phone. - He stole it from him? - He had it stolen from evidence. How do you know? You don't know anything. You wear a belt with jeans. - Who told you this? - Doesn't matter. There must be something on there that makes Dad look guilty. Something he doesn't want the world to know. If I can find it, it'd leverage him and I can get my name back. And clear mine? Of course. I would never let you go to jail. You look tragic in orange. Where do you think he'd hide that? You know how Dad thinks better than anyone. If you don't know where that phone is, no one does. [Billy Idol's "Dancing With Myself" playing] ♪ On the floors of Tokyo ♪ ♪ Or down in London Town's a-go-go ♪ ♪ With the record selection And the mirror's reflection ♪ ♪ I'm dancing with myself ♪ ♪ When there's no one else in sight ♪ ♪ In the crowded lonely night ♪ - I'm to give this to Miss Carrington. - [both] That's me. What do you think you're doing? I always model the jewelry. This year, it'll be worn by an adult. You are the oldest woman my father's ever dated. We're married, okay, for better or worse. This is the better part. [Fallon laughs] You misunderstood when they said this is for charity. It didn't mean you. You keep trying to push me away like I'm temporary like your Botox or any other woman that's been in your life, - but I'm not going anywhere. - Fine. Let her have it. Everyone knows I was born into diamonds. Only way you could get any - was by spreading your legs. - If only diamonds could buy you class. Wow. You are breathtaking. [Cristal] Thank you. Help me? The most beautiful woman in the room. Ah, Fallon, good. You're here. ♪ Dancing with myself Oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ [Fallon] You're fired. ♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh! ♪ What? What's the matter? Nothing. No, I'm just nervous to be responsible for something so precious. You are precious. This is a necklace and it's insured. Come on, there's so many people dying to meet you. [The Human League's "Don't You Want Me" playing] - Wow. You look... gnarly. - [laughs] Pretty sure in the '80s, gnarly meant brainy and gorgeous. Oh, the '80s. Greed was good. I wasn't born yet, but I do miss it. You, uh, manage to get any dirt on Blake from that chauffeur? No, but I got a great tip. And a plan in motion as we speak. ♪ Now five years later on You've got the world at your feet ♪ ♪ Success has been so easy for you ♪ ♪ But don't forget it's me Who put you where you are now ♪ - I've been looking for you. - How may I help? I won't make you violate your professional boundaries again. My skirt tore. I need the seamstress. That's within your job description. Right away, Miss Carrington. ♪ It's much too late to find ♪ ♪ You think you've changed your mind ♪ ♪ You'd better change it back Or we will both be sorry ♪ ♪ Don't you want me, baby? ♪ Ah. The Kwan brothers. I'd love to introduce them to my new partner. ♪ Don't you want me, baby? ♪ ♪ Don't you want me? Oh ♪ There you are. Come with me. - Okay. - Right here. - No peeking. - No, no. Right here. - Ready? - Yeah. [Sammy Jo] Ta-da. You can't go to the party, so... - I made you your own. - I can't remember the last time anyone did something so nice for me. Aw. You are so nice. [crowd applauding] The winning bidder will go home with this stunning diamond necklace modeled by the beautiful and brilliant Mrs. Carrington. And remember, all proceeds go to the foundation. Your generosity is greatly appreciated. - Do I hear an opening bid? - [man 1] Hundred thousand dollars. - Two hundred thousand. - [man 1] Five hundred thousand. [auctioneer] We're up to half a million dollars. A great night for the kids. One million dollars. [crowd murmurs and claps] - [man 2] Wow. - Two million dollars. [crowd murmuring] - Three. - Three and a half. Four. Seven million. You know what? I'll go 10 large. [crowd gasps and claps] [auctioneer] That's $10 million. Going once, going twice, sold to Mr. Jeff Colby. [crowd chattering and applauding] [R&B; song playing] - That's quite a show, Jeff. - What can I say? I like winning. [chuckles] No. I was baiting you. You bid way over value. I won. You overpaid. [Jeff] Can't overpay charity, Blake. - It's money for the kids. - You were one of those kids. I paid for your education and success with the Carrington Foundation. Success you keep throwing away. What do you want with a necklace? - I'm gonna give it to your daughter. - God. Haven't you taken enough from my family? I gave you the opportunity to be one of us and you stole tech from my company like a thief. [Jeff] The judge said it was mine. Thanks for the education, Blake. Now here's yours. I don't wanna be one of you. Neither does Fallon. Your daughter came to me. - She wanted to get in bed with me. - You stay away from my daughter. You stay away from my family and get out of my house. - Don't ever touch me. - [Blake] Son of a bitch. - [Jeff] Back off. - [Blake] What are you doing? [ice shatters] ♪ I need your love ♪ ♪ Oh, girl ♪ ♪ I need your love very much ♪ I could be about to go to prison for the next 20 years. - Not gonna happen. - Innocent men go to jail every day. They don't have the Carrington name. That name doesn't mean much to me right now. My father lied to me. He thinks I had something to do with Matthew's death. My father doesn't trust me. I know I haven't lived here very long, but maybe I can see what you can't. The way your dad reacted the night you got arrested, he was so worried. - Really? - Mm-hm. I watched him at my aunt's wedding. When he looked over at you, - man, he was so proud you were there. - I guess I didn't notice. He doesn't say it much, but his actions say he loves you. You don't think he trusts you, but maybe you don't trust him. - Can I help you find something? - Where is it? Where's what? - Matthew's phone. I know you have it. - Why would I? You're my father's plausible deniability. Anything he doesn't want, he hides here. - Or at least you'd know where it is. - Not this time. You may think you know him... but I know you. I knew you were up to something. I knew that seamstress errand was made-up. - I knew I'd find you here doing this. - If you know me so well, - you know I need that phone. - You're so worried about finding an advantage over your father, and you already have it. It's you. [sighs] Shut up and give me that phone. You are smarter than anyone on Blake's contact list. Anyone at that company. You never let anything get in your way. You are unstoppable. And that's what I love about you, Fallon. [New Order's "Temptation" playing] I'm gonna finish what you started. ♪ Heaven, a gateway, a hope ♪ ♪ Just like a feeling I need It's no joke ♪ ♪ And though it hurts me to treat you This way ♪ [in Spanish] I don't know if I can do this, Iris. [in Spanish] Too late now. Tell me you understand. Repeat the plan to me. You pick up Sammy Jo at school. I'll meet you at the truck depot. We'll go to Barquisimeto. That's our first stop. [Iris] You can't be late. My friend has to keep his route. I'm giving you half. Take it. Take it and go. We have a chance now. With money like this, we can get to America someday. Where are you, Iris? Celia Machado? - Yes. - [in Spanish] Do you have the money? Where's your sister? I don't know. [siren wailing] [man speaking in Spanish] If you're coming, we've got to go now. Last chance. We have a chance now. ♪ Betrayed by words I'd never heard Too hard to say ♪ ♪ Oh, up, down, turn around Please don't let me hit the ground ♪ [Anders] Tempting, isn't it? - [Cristal] Excuse me? - I've been watching you with that necklace all evening. Grasping it like Gollum. You look guilty for someone who hasn't stolen anything. Guilt is an emotion I don't suffer from. - Guilt is for insecure people. - Well, what about desperation? That's what I saw when you realized that your accounts have been cut off. Look, Anders, whatever you know about my past, you don't know me now. I learned that solving one problem by creating another - gets you nowhere. - It got you here, though, didn't it? ♪ Each way I turn I know I'll always... ♪ [Cristal] I believe this belongs to you. ♪ To break this circle That has been placed around me ♪ ♪ From time to time I find I've lost... ♪ Ten million bucks never felt so light. Have you, uh, seen Fallon? I know the general location of every true Carrington at all times. Great. Cool, man. Can you just point? ♪ Up, down, turn around Please don't let me hit the ground ♪ ♪ Tonight I think I'll walk alone I'll find my soul as I go home ♪ ♪ Up, down, turn around Please don't let me hit the ground ♪ ♪ Tonight I think I'll walk alone I'll find my soul as I go home ♪ Hey! [both grunting] [Steven] Oh, my God. Dad? Are you okay? Dad. [Cristal] I'm worried about you, Blake. No, don't be. This scar, it's only gonna add to my allure. I don't understand who'd do this or how they got away. Well, the police are completely useless. - You know who wasn't? - My son. [Cristal] Mm-hm. Nice of him to save me for a change. Stop waiting for them to come to you. If tonight had gone differently, if something happened to you - or Steven... - You're right. I'll talk to him and Fallon. You're a good father, Blake. And a sweet man. Really best-case scenario for a robbery. I'm fine. Everyone's fine. You know me. I'm happy to leave a party early. Plus, nothing major was taken. I was wearing my gloves all night, so, I didn't have it on. My engagement ring. They took my ring. Come on, hey, hey. Hey, it's okay. Hey, it's only money. I'll buy you a new one. Nobody can take anything from us that really matters because besides my kids, it's all right here in my arms right now. ["Tainted Love" playing] ♪ This tainted love you've given ♪ ♪ I gave you all a girl could give you ♪ [line ringing] [cell phone ringing] ♪ Tainted love, oh, oh, oh ♪ I cornered the Kwan brothers as they were leaving and I turned them around. Wanted you to know. ♪ Run away ♪ ["Tainted Love" playing on piano] ♪ Get away ♪ Don't stop. Please. [continues playing "Tainted Love"] You know, your mother made you take piano. I never saw the point. Not like you were gonna be another Van Cliburn. I wanted you to take boxing lessons. Now, those, they... came in handy. I was coming to find you earlier because I wanted to apologize. I'm sorry I didn't believe you when you said you didn't have Matthew's phone. Well... your source wasn't entirely inaccurate. I lied to you. I've bent the truth and the law. When Matthew died, I accessed my source at the police department... and had him borrow Matthew's phone from evidence. Dad, why would you do that? Jealousy? Morbid curiosity about Cristal's affair? I wanted to see what was on there. - Can I see it? - I returned it to evidence. Well, that part was true. If there had been anything on there that could've helped exonerate you, I'd not have hesitated to admit what I'd done. I'm not proud, but I am proud of who I am as a father. There is nothing I wouldn't do to protect you. The thing I admire most about you... how much you care about other people... how you love. It's always been your finest asset. I want you to stay here, at home in Atlanta. If it's charity work you wanna do, do it for me. Once my lawyers get these bogus charges dropped... I want you to run the Carrington Foundation. [knocking] We alone? What happened? Is your mom okay? She will be. I can't do this anymore, Sammy Jo. Life's hard enough as it is without everything else I'm hiding. Tomorrow, I'm gonna go to Blake and tell him I need the money, - even if it means losing everything. - No need to do something stupid like tell a man the truth. I handled it. You're cool. I got the money. What'd you do? Who do you think set up tonight's robbery? What? Your ring's insured. I invite you into my home and this is what you pull? My husband got hurt. He got in the way. A cut is nothing compared to what could've happened to my mom. My friends will sell the stuff. She'll have the cash. Do you know what blowback this could bring? - I was handling things. - Not fast enough. Anyway, everyone knows you can't run away from your past. It'll always come back and bite you in the ass. - Oh. Drinking so late? - It's not for me. I appreciate you being at the fund-raiser. I know this week was tough. I'm glad you're okay. I was worried about you. Fallon. I was on the golf course. I was three under par. I had just birdied when Anders phoned to tell me your mother's water broke. - You finished the round? - The 17th hole. What's a few more minutes? Of course I didn't finish the round. It was a game. Your being born was one of the greatest days of my life. I wanted to name you Ellen after my mother. But Alexis said she had read in one of those feminist books of hers the name "Fallon" meant descended from a ruler, Alexis being the ruler of course. But I knew that my brand-new girl would have my name, too. The Carrington name. I never considered that one day you'd be my business rival, and a formidable one, too. But your name is your birthright, and I won't take that away from you. - Thank you, Daddy. - It's settled, then. Good night, sweetheart. Not settled. I've decided I don't want the Carrington name. I've got Carrington blood. That's all I need to take over the world. I'm cross-referencing the missing items with our catalog. Unfortunately, the current Mrs. Carrington's ring - is not the only thing that was stolen. - Anders, I have an actual headache. Maybe your inventory can wait. The gold cigar cutter from your father, the Harry Winston emerald cuff links, those ones Alexis got you for Guy Fawkes, several of your lesser Rolexes. They took the watches from my drawer? - It's missing. - What's missing, sir? [drawer slams] I had Matthew's phone taken from evidence, and that man stole it. If what's on that phone gets out, it will ruin the Carrington name. Subtitles by explosiveskull 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 