Dynasty: Season 1, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dynasty 
 s1e15 - Our Turn Now - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dynasty (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 15 - Our Turn Now - full transcript 
 Fallon is forced to continue with her faux engagement until she can save her family from becoming a casualty. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on Dynasty... - Let's do this. I can't believe I have been drowning in guilt. - I let Jeff bug our server. - You what?! You were right. Jeff's playing me. I control everything. Including Fallon. I am done with you. And I am done with Jeff. No, you're not. You're gonna marry that son of a bitch. I wasn't a drug addict as your father claimed to the rest of the world. Your father framed me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is the number of an immigration lawyer. Don't screw it up. You'll break more than one heart if you do. What? I asked for violet campions. Yes. But that flower only grows on the Rock of Gibraltar. It's quite rare. So? The Carringtons and the Colbys are getting married. Our flowers will be picked off the cold, hard surface of your ass if we want them to be. Is that a swan? One of five for the indoor fountain. What happened to the peacocks? Peacocks can't swim. Well, how much would it cost to teach them? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What the hell are you doing? I am not paying for all this. My study. Oh, come on. It's your big day too, Blake. You told me to plan a ceremony. The plan was to make it seem like we were having a wedding so Jeff would apply for Cecil's house-arrest waiver. Now that they have it, and they're coming here for the rehearsal today, would you stop spending my money? You said that your IT team needs at least two hours to get into the house and to erase Jeff's server, right? Well, that means we need a long rehearsal, final decisions to settle on: swans or peacocks. Just trust me. If Jeff doesn't believe that we're planning the party of the century, then he'll know that the last two weeks have been a sham. Fine. At least I don't have to buy a wedding gown. There you go. Think of what I'm saving you. It's a hell of a lot cheaper than getting arrested. Or losing your entire company, which you could have if Jeff had used any of the blackmail on his server. Oh. Speaking of shams, Mrs. Flake Carrington. I still can't believe you're making her do this. Oh, he's not making me do anything. Unlike you, I believe in solving problems I help create. You told her about Rick? We're all on the same team, aren't we? I got a full report from my IT guys... what Colby had access to, what he might've fed Rick... and it included records of Steven's rehab reservations. When did Steven go to rehab? Well, that's the problem. He didn't. He was supposed to check in after Christmas. Considering that he told Rick and the press and the police that he's been clean for several years... In other words, thanks to you and Ricky Ricardo, Steven might have the most to lose. And Steven still has no idea that all this today is an act? It's called plausible deniability. I'll write it down for you. You can Google it later. Choose carefully. Make sure you pick the one that best shows off your two-faces. Come on, Sam. You know this was out of my control. Just because you have to keep playing Ted's heartbroken boyfriend, it doesn't mean you have to evict me. As if you're not excited to reclaim your chaise by the pool. A little. If the press finds out that we are more than roommates, or even just roommates, while I'm still supposedly with Ted... don't you think that'll look suspicious? The last thing you need is anyone asking questions, given your visa status. What are you doing about that, anyway? It's gonna take a hot second. Not like I have anyone to marry for a green card. Once Anders' lawyers get back to me, I should be able to get my student visa reactivated. I don't know if it'll be that simple. Well, I have to get Fallon to give me an employment sponsorship. And then I have to go back to school, and stay in school. And then I have to apply for... Considering this country's obsession with walls, and Fallon's preoccupation with her wedding, I might have a better chance of getting elected and changing the immigration system first. Not with that photo. What's this? A reminder of my reason for everything. The pattern symbolizes... Protection of family. I know. And the blue is for togetherness. I thought you could wear it to the wedding. I know you don't want me to go through with it... The one thing I know about you is I can't tell you what to do. I remember when you were six years old. I took you to church. Told you you couldn't participate in the communion 'cause you didn't understand what it meant. You sat on the other side of your mother on purpose so I couldn't stop you from reaching for the bread and wine. I don't remember that. You understood what the bread represented. You said, "Body of Christ" and I didn't say anything, but I thought... smart boy. "And what about the wine?" I asked. And you sat there, thinking. Then you finally said, "Good luck?" Now, you see, that's how you've always been. An arrogant boy. Maybe if you were marrying for love I wouldn't say anything, but marrying this girl for that revenge... Blake didn't just take Mom from you. He took you from me. For 11 years. That's my pain, even if you don't understand it. I'm taking his daughter. I'm taking his company, bit by bit. And he will feel it. And he will suffer. And we will stay together this time. Ready for the show? You can follow my lead. Obviously. Fallon, I can't imagine how stressful this all is for you. I just want you to know I'm here for you. Oh, but you're not. You see, the difference between you and me is that I'll do whatever it takes to stand by this family. And when Dad asked you to see what else Rick knew, you bailed. He was essentially asking me to whore myself out. Well, at least Daddy recognizes your true talent. All right. I just got an update from my security team. They're standing by outside Colby's house. The gate called. Jeff's car has arrived. Okay. We need to keep the whole family here for two hours. That'll give the team time to get in, find the server, and degauss it, so whatever you can do to stall... We'll be lucky if we can get through the hour without you and Cecil blowing each other's heads off. Anders. Hey, you. - You ready for this? - She was born ready. Well, technically I was born naked and screaming, but I've come a long way. Let me be the first to welcome you both to the family. - I believe that's my job. - But don't jinx it. We're not married yet. And, uh, where's your father? He's not coming. I know I said we'd all be here, I know it's important... If Cecil's not here for the rehearsal... Oh, the good news is he won't need to rehearse anything, since he won't be at the wedding, either. - Oh. - Okay. Who's ready to talk seating charts? What does this mean? That we're hosting a wedding tomorrow and we have 24 hours to make sure that Cecil's here. Call the tailor. Our bride needs a gown after all. ♪ ♪ You're not seriously going through with this thing, are you? It's not like I'm actually marrying the guy. No, you're just madly hunting for a wedding dress to not marry him in. What's the difference between canceling today versus tomorrow? I was always going to have to say I got cold feet. Now I'll just have to get them a little colder and a little later. My dad is handling the hard part. Cecil. Yeah, you just have to have a wedding and be an actual bride. Honestly, I wish we could've picked another religious ceremony to get Cecil out of his house arrest. A funeral seemed tough, it required a body, - but in retrospect... - Fallon, maybe it's time to just call all this off. I know you can't go to the police, - but there has to be another way. - If there were, believe me, we would be doing it. What kills me the most is that if this whole thing blows up, I don't even get to keep Morell Corp. I mean, all the blood, sweat and champagne I've poured into that company... For me it's a lot. - I thought you were buying Jeff out. - Well, the deal hasn't closed yet. Now it seems more complicated than ever. Well, whatever happens with Morell, you know I'm here for you. And for Monica. I'm stuck playing her pretend boyfriend for the next 24 hours. Thank you, Michael. It would be so much easier if you and I were getting pretend married. Sign here for the peacocks. And then here for the peacock food. And here for the bird flu shots. Apparently, they bite. Well, every party needs a little danger. Right here. Wait, what is this? Nothing you need to worry your jagged little bangs about. Just, uh, put your Herbie Hancock right there. "Immigration Services employment sponsorship"? Are you undocumented? I'm a citizen of the world. Sam, am I breaking the law by having you on my payroll? Okay, look. I have too much on my mind right now to commit immigration fraud, or whatever it is you're asking me to do. Fallon, it's just one stroke of a pen. I mean, it's easier than finding good sushi on Postmates. If all of your problems could be solved with a simple signature, I'm guessing you would have had this handled by now. Did you talk to your wedding date about greasing some political palms? Well, I'll be attending your wedding stag. Steven doesn't want anything to do with me right now because of my undocumentedness. But if you happen to know any eligible bachelors - that are free tomorrow... - I'll think about it. I'm sorry. I'm going to have to shelve this for now. Try to avoid deportation until after the wedding. Dad, you have a visitor. Are you gonna be okay? It isn't me you have to worry about. Go on. We'll be fine. Why the hell are you here? Bury the hatchet. Our kids shouldn't have to suffer for something that happened a decade ago. Now, I stand by my story. I never slept with your wife. You didn't believe me then, you don't have to believe me now, but don't punish my daughter for something you think I did. Isn't that the way the world works, Blake? No matter how we try to fight it, our children pay for our sins. Well, I went to every effort to make sure Jeff didn't pay for yours. I paid for his education. I looked out for him when he needed guidance. I treated him like... like a son. Don't try and act like you're here for him. I'm here for Fallon. She loves Jeff, and I know it's not my place to stand in the way of that. Now, you always said there was no pain a good whiskey can't cure. On the rocks, right? Now, surely, Jeff has told you that we've reconciled. I respect what he's made of himself. I'm proud, even. Mr. Carrington, a reminder. You're due back at the Manor. Fallon is expecting you. Yeah. Can never be too careful. A big man with a shadow everywhere he goes, huh? No, not everywhere. Only when I leave the house. Men of my resources are often targets. Look, we have a choice. We can stay bitter old men, or we can make a fresh start like our kids. What do you say? For the sake of my son... I'll be there tomorrow. We'll raise a glass then. Told you your dad was an excellent negotiator. Cecil's on board. How did you get that psycho to trade his coat of arms for a tux? I just talked to him, one concerned father to another. There's a lie you know how to tell. Over my dead body is my granddaughter going to marry Jeff Colby! Sir, your father has arrived. Thank you, Anders. What the hell are you doing here? La señorita called me on the teléfono. - Cristal. - She called you? My invitation must've got lost in the mail. Again. It's not what it looks like, Grandpa. It wasn't supposed to go this far, but don't worry. Fallon is not gonna marry Jeff. Tell that to the swans outside. - It's a ruse. - And a long story, but let's hear it again for good measure. Jeff Colby bugged our house. He's been gathering dirt on us for months now. In light of Cecil's house arrest, this wedding is the only way that we can get all the Colbys out of their home so my security team can break in. Once they've succeeded in eradicating his arsenal, we'll be informed. And then Fallon will call off the ceremony before any vows are exchanged. The quintessential bride with cold feet. All of this because of Jeff Colby? Speaking of which, my fiancé's back with his lawyers. Time to make this thing official. - You ready? - I've been dreaming of this moment my entire life. Only you would fantasize about a prenup. Oh, well, I thought we were handling the sale of Morell first. I was gonna save that for dessert, but since you brought it up... Forget selling. I'm giving it to you. As a wedding gift. Along with 25% of Colby Co. Morell and Colby Co.? Why the sudden burst of generosity? Consider it my first task as your husband: making you happy. But I do have ulterior motives. I want you to give me 25% of C.A. in return. And what would that prove? That this ridiculous family feud is over. But I'd have to wait to get Morell until after the wedding, right? You're the one who said waiting would only make the wedding night sweeter. Then let's wait. I think we have ourselves a deal. - And a marriage. - Hmm. Dear God, no. Don't worry. Rubin Singer is flying in from New York right now. Where'd you find that? Attic. Is that Mom's? You know, it's hard not to imagine what she'd say about all this. I mean, I'm not saying I want her to walk me down the aisle or anything, but even if I did, I wouldn't know how to reach her. Well, I guarantee that if she did come, she'd be wearing white. What's wrong? Well, something came up with Jeff. I'm trying to decide whether or not I should tell Dad. When has anything good ever come from open communication with Dad? I know you and Jeff happened really fast. To be honest, I never saw you as Mrs. Anyone. Except maybe Culhane, but you're my sister and I love you and... all I want is for you to be happy. Thanks. So, I heard you chose undead Ted over Sammy Jo. Sam mentioned he'd be rolling solo to the wedding. I'm learning I have to pick and choose my priorities. Well, I thought the whole point of being a Carrington is we don't have to choose between anything. Might not be the best time to point out that as of tomorrow, you'll be less Carrington and more Fallon Morell Colby. Don't worry. If you ever do marry Culhane, at least you won't have to get your hand towels re-monogrammed. So we're just dropping in on City Hall 12 minutes to close for a wild animal permit? We're not really here for the peacocks, okay? I lied. We're here because I decided I actually do want to get married. To you. - You what? - I know I haven't been perfect, okay? We haven't been perfect, but... I know I feel the same way about you that you feel about me. Your fiancé is okay with this? Seriously, Michael. I don't want my first walk down the aisle to be with a man that I hate. I want it to be with you. What do you want me to say? Come on, I'm... I would get down on one knee, but you know, in this dress and these heels, I'd probably never get back up. You are out of your mind. What? What happened to that little four-letter word you like to throw in my face all the time? You mean love? A word you can't even say. If you really loved me, you'd know better than to ask me to do this. While wearing another man's ring. But it's not real. And this is? After four years of hiding every part of our relationship, the last thing I want is to marry you in secret. As part of a plot. In a courthouse, no friends, no family, standing in front of strangers, standing in front of God and lying to everyone. But it would be real. We'd really be married. We'd be in love. We are in love. I love you, Michael. Is that what you wanted to hear? It was. Yeah. But not like this. ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh... ♪ ♪ It's coming around again ♪ ♪ Feeling all in your head ♪ ♪ You never let me in ♪ ♪ We could be beautiful ♪ ♪ Beautiful ♪ ♪ You've got the bluest eyes ♪ ♪ The color of you and I ♪ ♪ I know it's hard sometimes... ♪ She certainly did not hold back. Uh, it's Fallon Carrington's royal wedding. You expect anything less from the queen C? Well, maid of honor duty calls. See you in a bit. ♪ Every star in the sky, that's you ♪ ♪ If you saw you the way that I do... ♪ Campaign trail never ends, does it, Steven? You know, I heard about that situation with, uh, Ted Dinard. - How's that going? - His recovery is gonna be - a long road. - Steven, I never thought I'd say this, - but I'm proud of you. - Thanks, I think. Hasn't been easy. Yeah, life at the top never is. Everyone has to make sacrifices. Ah, why don't you make yourself useful and go fill 'er up? Thomas. Hey, I can help you with that refill. Grandpa and I have lots to catch up on. I'm sure you have campaign connections to make and hands to shake... ♪ If you only knew ♪ I believe I do. ♪ The star in the sky, that's you... ♪ You promised you'd help. When I called you, you were outraged. You hated the idea of Fallon marrying Jeff. Aren't you leaving out a couple of key points here, Cristal? I don't know what I was thinking when I asked you to help me get through to Blake. I guess I thought: you raised him, surely you would know the magic word... As far as the magic word is concerned, my son is a man of action. But if you want his attention, you have to show him that you'll do more than just whine, complain and go to spin class. ♪ We could be beautiful. ♪ For being my maid of honor. You didn't have to do this. I know. Our first Halloween together. You wouldn't leave my side because I was the only one willing to explain your costume to people. Well, how lame that kids in junior high didn't know who Ruth Bader Ginsburg was. - Totally lame. - But you stayed with me all night. Right by my side. And 13 years later, nothing has changed. You're still right here, supporting me every step of the way. You know, after everything we've been through, you are the one person I trust most in this world. Fallon, I... What? Is something wrong? I'm sorry. I think this champagne has gone to my head. I need to go outside. ♪ ♪ Oh. Here you go. - Thanks. - Here's to blind dates. So Fallon said you're her... assistant? Yeah. It's your classic slacker-boy meets girl-boss story. Technically, it's boy fell for girl's brother, boy's aunt married girl's father, then girl hired boy even though he ransacked her house and ruined Christmas... story. Right on. Well, here's to those who wish us well and all the rest can go to... Oh, my God, I love that song. - Is it a song? - You are so funny. Actually, I forgot - to ask you, how do you know Fallon? - Hey. Who's this? Oh, you-you must know Fallon's friend, Liam. - Don't believe I do. - She set us up. 'Cause, you know, I didn't have a plus-one. Anyway, uh, Liam, this is Steven, my ex. My ex, this is Liam. Yeah, I got it. Well, how awkward is this? Agreed. Anyway, we'll catch you later. See you soon, I'm sure. I see Blake's built himself quite the castle of lies. Well, if everything goes right today, we'll own this castle. All the Colbys have arrived. Now get in there and find that server. Stop. Stop. Stop! Everyone out. Um... Anders said you wanted to see me. I need you to sign something my lawyers drew up. But can't it wait till Monday? The team's inside Colby's house. Is that all you care about? Well, yeah, today. Yeah. Look, we're almost through it. Geez, I understand, it's, uh, it's been stressful. Stressful? I'm exhausted. I am suffocating, not even because of this dress, and all you care about is keeping your image clean. Fallon, you need to separate your feelings from the fiction. How? Everyone in the world that I love is inside this house right now, except for my mother, of course. Because you gave up on that marriage and led me to believe that she turned her back on all of us. I wish she was here right now. Then she could tell you everything, then maybe you would believe me, but she's not here right now, I am. So what do you think that means? We'll never know, because you pushed her away. Just like everyone else in my life. It's like you're so allergic to happiness you have to deny all of us the experience of ever having it. What are you talking about? This isn't real. This isn't supposed to be a happy day. But it was. I was supposed to marry the man that I loved. This is the day that every little girl dreams of, and you've turned it into a nightmare. And you don't even care how much I've sacrificed to save you. Well... I don't care that this is all a charade. I'm sick of it, and I'm sick of you. I don't want you by my side. I don't want you walking me down the aisle. I'm finishing this alone. Fallon. I would never let you marry him. I'm gonna stop it. We just need a few more minutes... Get out! If you're here to gloat about how right you were, just get it over with. Or if you've come to pay me back for your wedding day... I'm here to apologize. For not doing more to stop this wedding. Instead of just complaining about it. Or asking Thomas to take care of it. I saw you hurting and I didn't do enough. Look, Fallon, I know you hate it when people call me your stepmother, but that's what I am. You are my responsibility, like it or not. And we are bound together for life... - We'll see. - ...by the same man. We both know what it's like to love someone who does bad things. And how hard that is to reconcile. Well, I'd like to think he means well. Sometimes you're just not sure. Your father used us both. But men have always used women for centuries. So why shouldn't it be our turn now? I will go out there right now, and I will call this entire thing off, if that is what you want me to do. No. There is something else I need. Your whiskey, sir. Blake. Cecil. I'm glad you made it. For the kids. And as promised. Mm. To family. To family. Wait. I can't have my future father-in-law drinking anything but the best. Besides, in the Colby family, it's tradition that the groom gives the first toast. - To good luck. - Jeff... - We need to get you to a doctor now. - I'm not going anywhere. - We don't have the time for this. - You're right. We don't have time for this. Copy that. You called me arrogant, said I always think I know better. Well, I know you. When I went to put your pocket square in your blazer last night, I found your little science experiment. Figured you weren't just feeling nostalgic for your days in the chem lab. So I replaced it with water to teach you a lesson. Soon as I saw you dose Blake's drink, I knew I was right. _ Why are you so hell-bent on sabotaging my plan? I was expediting it. _ _ The moment we do something like that, we become just like them. And we're not like them. I've been looking everywhere for you. Is everything okay? Fallon is okay, but I'm not. I don't think I can do this. It's about to start. For years, this family has been torn apart by one man. That ends today. You know, if 50% of marriages end in divorce, - that means the other half ends in death. - Yeah. Well, that's... that's a little somber. Sorry. I'm working through some stuff. Okay. Why hasn't this charade ended yet? We're waiting for an update from the team. Where's Cristal? What is your status? We located the server. Attempting to bypass the security system now. We'll be inside in two minutes. They're getting closer, sir. Why don't you have Cristal and her nephew put on their little salsa show while we wait? What's the holdup, Carrington? Oh, everything's fine. Brides. Fallon's on her way down. If we stall any longer, they're gonna get suspicious, and we can't afford to blow this now. Call the team. Tell them we're starting the ceremony. ♪ You must understand ♪ ♪ How the touch of your hand ♪ ♪ Makes my pulse react ♪ ♪ It's only the thrill ♪ ♪ Of boy meeting girl ♪ ♪ Opposites attract ♪ ♪ It's physical ♪ I think we're next. ♪ Only logical... ♪ For what it's worth, you look beautiful. Thank you. Now let's get this over with before I lose my buzz. ♪ What's love got to do ♪ ♪ Got to do with it ♪ ♪ What's love but a secondhand emotion ♪ ♪ What's love ♪ ♪ Got to do, got to do with it ♪ ♪ Who needs a heart when a heart ♪ ♪ Can be broken ♪ ♪ What's love got to do ♪ ♪ Got to do with it ♪ ♪ What's love but a secondhand emotion ♪ ♪ What's love got to do, got to do with it ♪ ♪ Who needs a heart ♪ ♪ When a heart can be broken? ♪ Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today to celebrate the union of Fallon Carrington... Gentlemen, an update, please? We've encountered a delay. Still attempting a work-around. We don't have much time. Marriage is an honorable estate, not to be entered into lightly, but reverently and respectfully. You can't let this go on any longer. Fallon will handle it. We have to take care of that server first, or all of this is for nothing. If anyone here can show just cause why this couple should not be lawfully joined together, then speak now, or forever hold their peace. We're in. Ten minutes to degauss, and we're out. Stop! I'm sorry. I can't let my daughter marry this man. Daddy... - A few hours ago, you had cold feet. - Daddy, stop it. - You're making a scene. - There was a reason you wanted to walk away from this. You were right. Blake, stop. You may not like Jeff, but he and I were meant to be together, and nothing you say is gonna stop me from marrying the man I love. You may be seated. - Wow. - Welcome. I knew you'd screw this up. Where are you going? I'm not gonna stand by and watch you do this to our family. You were saying? ♪ Strange feeling, gotta watch your back ♪ ♪ Just realized ♪ ♪ Strange feeling like a sneak attack ♪ ♪ It kind of crept up on me ♪ ♪ We come together... ♪ So... Venezuela, huh? - Mm-hmm. - I hitchhiked through Central America. But, uh, I never seem to make it past Panama. - That sounds really exotic. - No, I just... ran out of cash. But I did learn how to make straw hats... Can I talk to you? Please? What are you doing, Sam? You mean what am I doing with Liam? We've been over this. He's Fallon's friend. And who knew your sister was such a good matchmaker? We have so much in common. You're acting like a... child. No. I'm moving on. ♪ Strange feeling, got me hypnotized... ♪ Hey, I know Fallon told me to play your date today, but I'm... I'm totally cool if you want to go work things out with that dude. I don't. I think you should. You mean you're not that into me? Look, we actually have nothing in common. Including the fact that... I'm not gay. What? But why would Fallon tell you to be my date? You'll have to ask her that. Sam, but what I can tell you is that her brother clearly likes you. And you definitely care what he thinks. It takes a lot of energy to play games. Why not spend that on the person you really want to be with? ♪ We can stop, stop time ♪ ♪ Leaving it all behind... ♪ Will you at least come with me to get cake? Yeah. Sure. ♪ Wanting it all the time... ♪ Oh. My very own lawyer? Jeff, you shouldn't have. Well, what is it you always say? "Negotiate drunk, sign sober"? What the hell are you doing? What are you doing! Why did you go through with this? Well, I'm a big girl, Daddy. I can give Jeff 25% of my shares if I want to. No, you can't, not without my signature. Actually, she only needs the signature of the chief operating officer, which she already has. Along with Morell Corp. and 25% of Colby Co. Are we cutting cake, or what? Sorry, Blake. Guess you can't win 'em all. But I can. My offer clearly says the Carrington Atlantic shares are yours once we're legally married. Feels pretty legal to me. Yeah, well, unfortunately, bigamy is illegal in the state of Georgia. You can't actually marry someone if they're already married to someone else. Wh-What are you talking about? This is Liam. - My husband. - Okay, who's Liam? Bad driver's license photo? Trust me, it can't be worse than mine. Cute. But it'll take more than your disease tissue to clean up the mess I've made. Are you in the market? For what? The biggest payday of your life. I'm sorry, what? Sam's date is your husband? My marriage to Liam is completely legal, which means ours isn't. And neither is my contract. Read the fine print. As I said, unless we're married, my C.A. gift to you is void. But you didn't include anything like that in your contract, which means Morell Corp. and 25% of Colby Co. are still mine. ♪ ♪ I'm sorry, what just happened? Why didn't you tell me? You put me through hell. Maybe you deserved a trip to hell. I did come to you to ask for your help, but you were too busy helping yourself. And instead of reprimanding me now, you should be thanking me, because I basically saved your ass. So just take the win and walk away. You think you've won? - I got a whole... - You got nothing. We have your server, Jeff. Your spy tactics have been rendered useless. It's over. You lose. You lied to me from the very beginning, and you used me to try to take my father's company away from him. Your father and your family destroyed mine. Even if that were true, what did I ever do to you? You know what? Don't answer that. We can discuss it at the next Colby Co. board meeting. I need eyes on Blake Carrington. Have you seen Dad? No. But I'm leaving. I need to confirm a marriage license. No, I don't know the husband's name. I just met him. Try Fallon Carrington. We need to talk. You want to start with explaining why you helped my daughter - publicly humiliate me? - I'm sorry, were you humiliated? I thought the Carringtons had thick skin. Or is that just Fallon? A page six blurb on your foiled objection is a small price to pay for helping your daughter. You are right... all in all it was a successful day. - Jeff is no longer a threat. - And apparently, neither is Rick Morales. I saw the news blast announcing he got that senior producer gig. Guess you got your way. Well, cheap price... for a cheap man. I know that I hurt you when I kissed Rick. But I apologized for that. And you tried to use my guilt to force my silence and use me as your pawn. And then when I refused, you pushed me away. But I'm a part of this family, and I have proved that, like you, I'm willing to do whatever it takes to protect it. I just never thought I'd have to protect it from you. I feel like I should be pissed. - But you're not? - No, I'm definitely pissed. Well, I was just following your lead. How was my charade with Liam any different from yours with Ted? Your revenge flirt made me look like a jerk in front of a stranger. No, rather, my... new brother-in-law. It also made me look at why I was acting like a jerk. And the truth is... I can't be without you. And the fact that I'm currently undocumented isn't a deal breaker anymore? I was scared. - Mm. - I'll admit. For me. But... I don't want my public profile to get you in trouble, or... Deported? And I'm not gonna let an expired visa or campaign polls keep us apart. Just as long as it doesn't jeopardize your safety. That's my choice. Not yours. ♪ ♪ Hello. Yes. I'd like to report an undocumented immigrant. I suppose congratulations are in order. I'm sorry, Culhane. Nah, you saved your company, helped your family, took down Jeff... and lied to me. I meant every word I said at the courthouse. Except you left out the bit where asking me to marry you was part of your plan. That was for love. The plan was just... icing. You know, the problem with the number of lies that you tell, Fallon, is that it's getting harder to tell where the truth ends and you begin. But actually, I know where it ends. Right about here. Michael... Blake Carrington. - What are you doing? - I thought you were... What the hell? I'm having a heart attack. _ What did you do? I didn't do anything. I didn't shoot. He's having a heart attack. Doesn't matter if you pulled the trigger or not. If he dies, you can still be charged with murder. I wanted to end this. End Blake. I didn't mean to hurt anyone else. I'm not losing you again. We need to get out of here right now. Go! We really have to stop meeting like this. Uh, you have a... - Hmm? - ...little... Oh. Thank you. And thanks for the whole... husband thing. You know, it's not every day that a man is willing - to go full crazy for a girl. - Really? You seem like the kind of girl guys would do anything for. Offering them a fat check helps. Yeah, it certainly doesn't hurt. I'll Venmo you. What's your last name again? It's Ridley. Liam Ridley. Well, Liam Ridley... it was a pleasure to marry you. And a pleasure to be married to you, Mrs. Ridley. At least until Monday. Then we can get this whole thing annulled and get back to life as we knew it. Well, after tonight, I am not sure that's possible. Help! Someone call 911! Yes, it's the Carrington estate. - His heart? - There's an ambulance coming. - Dad? - Grandpa? Fallon. I'm sorry. Cecil was wrong. Blake never cheated on your mother. - What? - He was protecting me. Sir? Sir? Dad? Dad! by LiviuBoss * Rambo Media Ltd * 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 