Dynasty: Season 1, Episode 21 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dynasty 
 s1e21 - Trashy Little Tramp - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dynasty (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 21 - Trashy Little Tramp - full transcript 
 Fallon tries to take the company in a new direction; A surprise houseguest gets mixed reviews. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [narrator] Previously on Dynasty: [Blake] Matthew knew where the bodies were buried. I didn't wanna kill Matthew, I just wanted to hurt him. [Anders] If Culhane realizes the connection between his father's disease and what CA covered up, it might not be easy to handle. This is CA's fault. I will make sure he does right by you. I'm appointing my daughter COO. My wife is stepping down. There was a baby boy, he was kidnapped. I have hired investigators, psychics, anything. Anything to find a trace. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 -Can I help you? -I'm your brother. I knew what Blake was keeping from you. You're a Carrington. ♪ I don't give a damn 'Bout my reputation ♪ ♪ You're living in the past It's a new generation ♪ ♪ A girl can do what she wants to do And that's what I'm gonna do ♪ ♪ I don't give a damn 'Bout my bad reputation ♪ ♪ Oh, no Not me ♪ There you are. Seems there's been a delivery for you. I know who it's from. Allow me to be more precise, several deliveries. ♪ And I don't really care If you think I'm strange ♪ ♪ I ain't gonna change ♪ ♪ And I'm never gonna care 'Bout my bad reputation ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 -♪ Not me! ♪ -♪ No, no, no, no, no, no, no ♪ -♪ Me, me, me, me -♪ Not me! ♪ I hope you've taken your allergy medication. -I assume none of these are from you. -What do I have to apologize for? -I don't know. Stealing my job? -I told you, -I had no idea he was gonna offer it. -Didn't stop you from taking it. You would've done the same if you were in my position. Oh, that's right, you did. See you in the car, Casanova? It's not much, but it's all they had left after some fool bought the rest of the shop. I'm glad you helped someone keep their job. I plead guilty to crimes and misdemeanors of which I stand charged, Your Honor. Cut the crap. This is serious. If you wanted me out of the company, why not pull me aside and say so? Your being COO has been tough on this relationship. It was extreme, but firing you was the only way I knew how to save this marriage. If you let me, I'll explain. Maybe at dinner? I could get a table at Daniel. -In New York? -Why not? A lot needs fixing before I hop on a jet with you. But I do wanna fix it. Here. My initial thoughts on overhauling and streamlining. Well, this is huge. It's alphabetical. That's A through E. I address going paperless in the environmental concerns section. -Now, as you read, I wanna talk-- -Whoa. Slow down. We have a lot of PR to handle. You were right. The conference denying involvement in the scandal -didn't put investors at ease. -CA's statement was fake. Which is why we have to make changes if we're gonna put this nightmare behind us, at least publicly. Per your suggestion, I put together a team to work on a rebranding campaign. Rebranding the company feels like covering a bullet wound with a Band-Aid. I set up a day of press interviews and a family photo shoot to remind our investors what we stand for. CA is a family company with solid family values. "Make Carrington Great Again." Cap off our outfits with a red hat? I'm serious, Fallon. I am listening to you. As my COO, I need to know you'll listen to me. Of course I'll listen. I have your back, Dad. You can trust me. [Monica] How can you trust her? That's some pretty big 23andMe gossip for Alexis to drop. You think Granny slept with Thomas Carrington? Don't wanna think about it. You don't make something like that up. If Alexis is right, if Mom is Blake's half-sister, that makes us one-quarter Carrington. -That means Fallon's our cousin. -Half cousin. Hope you slept with the right half. That's why Blake never wanted me with her, why he took us under his wing when we were kids, -interest he showed in Mom. -Why Dad thought they had an affair. If they'd known the truth, maybe our family would still be together. -Why wouldn't Alexis tell us before? -She was scared. Considering how far they covered this up, he might've killed her. -That's their problem. -If it's true? It means our life was twisted around their lies. If it's true. Which is why we're going to the source. [theme music playing] -May I come in? -Steven. Oh, thank God you're back. Oh, I missed you. Oh, why on earth did I let you go when I just got you back? -Mom. -And only you -could go to Texas and not get any sun. -Mom, heh-- Mom... it was the best trip of my life. I would like to introduce you to... Hank Sullivan. Is this a friend of yours? No, Mom. He's your son. -This is Adam. -Nice to meet you, ma'am. How--? How did you find him? I knocked on about 82 doors in El Paso, but here he is. I grew up there with my parents. Well, adoptive parents. I always wondered about my biological family. Never in a million years did I imagine... this. [whimpering] Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I've dreamed of this moment for as long as I can remember. Are you hungry? Tired? Did you have the staff prepare a room? Baby steps. There's still a lot for Adam to take in. I'm not even sure what I should call you. Adam, Hank, brother? -Hank is fine. Baby steps, right? -Yeah. [dings] Welcome to your first day. Connor, your temp assistant? We spoke on the phone. How's the office? The new furniture's being placed, white sage has been burned, and most traces of Mrs. Carrington have been incinerated. The hideous turquoise bowl? On your desk for you to break, per your request. I'm here for what you need. You're here because my assistant is choosing between buttercream or fondant for his wedding cake. So, what do I have today? Operations meeting at 11, PR team at 11:20 and the final interviewee for the VP job in our outreach program is in your office. Who'd do an outreach program during a PR crisis? That would be me. Culhane. -Wait, you're--? -I do have a communications degree. I mean, I-- Yes, I did. I do. I-- I didn't know you were willing to communicate. Cristal got me the interview. I didn't know that it'd be with you. -This was a mistake. -No, wait. You don't need an interview. The job is yours if you want it. I appreciate that. I'm not playing whatever game we used to play. I'm here to make sure CA fixes -the Clarke County situation. -Me, too. I'm going to make good on my promise to you. At the risk of losing the job you wanted? -What would Daddy say? -Blake isn't going to know. I told him what he wanted to hear, I took this job for you. To make sure you and your family get everything you deserve. -And how are you gonna do that? -Like a boss. [theme music playing] Sorry to interrupt your National Gallery moment, but I need you to authorize a check for 100 million to build a new wing for the Northend Memorial Hospital in Clarke County. Capture the thing that happened to his eyes, that's his essence. Mind telling me why we would do that? When I say Clarke County, get out your checkbook. Name it after Culhane's father. Absolutely not. That's admission of guilt. -The mouth. Please get that. -I'm not putting his name on anything. If you wanna spin it like an equal-opportunity donor, that's fine. We can spread the money. Let's say, over five counties, 30 million each? -You just went up in price. -Making sure you're paying attention. Twenty each, and honor Culhane without a plaque, since you're unsentimental. Will that do it? You're here two hours, you cost me-- One hundred million like I said. Had you agreed, we'd be done. Think of the buzz at the photo shoot. You're a generous humanitarian, Blake. -At least on paper and canvas. -Not to mention I have a smart COO. Well done. He threatened me, he blackmailed me... he even fired me from the company on live TV. I can't live like this. Did he hit you? No. No, he would never. But sometimes I think he wants me to be afraid of him. Soon he'll be afraid of us. I can work around this prenup, and get you set for life. -We'll file as soon as-- -I don't want him to know yet. My nephew is marrying his son next week. I don't wanna hijack their happiness with my divorce. So, after the wedding? Okay, great. Well, I suggest you buy a condo. Better to start digging your escape tunnel now. Play it cool around Blake. He needs to think everything is fine until we press "go." [chuckles] Unh. I'm so glad you're back. Thanks for handling the brunt of the wedding stuff. -I'm excited to dive into everything but-- -But you met someone? -Actually. -I knew it. I knew it, I thought I'd have a few gray hairs and a muffin top before you'd leave me. What? Sam, the someone I met is my brother. -I have a brother. -What? -Wait, what? -It's a long story. But he was kidnapped as a child, and my parents presumed he was dead. -Why didn't you tell me? -I didn't know until recently, and even then, I wasn't sure it was real. But it is. I have a brother. He's out in the loft, meeting Mom. Or re-meeting? That's crazy, isn't it? -Yeah. -Sure you wanna join this family? Of course I am. Can't wait to meet my future brother-in-law. You didn't have to cook, Grandma. Well, somebody's gotta make sure you're eating. -You're looking too skinny. -I'm fine. I was talking to your sister. You getting your calories from liquor. I saw those pictures in the paper of that fancy fashion show you spoiled. Things have been a little rough. I lost my start-up... the one with Fallon Carrington. -You remember Fallon, don't you? -Monica's friend, sure. Speaking of the Carringtons... What happened with you and Thomas? What do you mean? -Well, you were his assistant, right? -Secretary. Heh. Women's lib came late to Atlanta. That's all you were? We heard-- -Watch your tone, young man. -Yes, ma'am. There were rumors about me and Thomas as long as I worked for him. Almost cost me my job, not to mention my reputation. I thought I'd outlived all of that. And I thought I taught the two of you better than to listen to rumors. Sorry, Granny. You're right. [Culhane] What happened? If my math is correct, Clarke County's only getting 20 percent of the funding. Trying to spread the wealth. Still a lot of money. -But not what we discussed. -I know, but it's progress. It's a multi-step plan. Please, Culhane. I need you on my side to see this through. I'm here. For now. But I can't wait forever. [Alexis] Welcome to Carrington Manor. Oh, well, your real family is around here somewhere, but for now, this is your father's wife, Celia. I mean Cristal. It's confusing. And this is Sam. And this is my son. My firstborn, Adam. But you can call him Hank. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 