Dynasty: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dynasty 
 s1e10 - A Well-Dressed Tarantula - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dynasty (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - A Well-Dressed Tarantula - full transcript 
 A dangerous newcomer threatens to destroy everything Cristal and Blake hold dear. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mr. Calastana, on behalf of Carrington Atlantic, it's a great honor... Is that any way to greet your brother-in-law? How about a smile? Do unto others... as you would have done unto you. I've been waiting for you where you told me for 20 minutes. What's going on? I like it better when you speak Spanish. I'm sorry... You look familiar. Like staring in a mirror, no? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 For years I've imagined this moment. What I'd do. What I'd say... ...but there are no words, my son. My father is dead... The reports of my death were greatly exaggerated. It's not possible. -My mom knows? -Yes. It was her idea we meet... So I could tell you the truth myself. I know it's a lot, a lot to take in. Come. Sir. Come. For the longest time, I thought you'd abandoned us. I had forgotten your face. How could you not remember, when you look just like me? You even sound like me. You are my blood. I was a bad father, a bad man and a bad husband. But I never would have abandoned you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What your aunt did to us, tore our family apart. By God's will, I survived. But when I recovered, I was alone. -We were on the run. -I spent every day looking for you. All of this time I've been trying to become the man you and your mother deserve. I know it's a lot, I know, I know. But now that I have found you, I have a plan. So we can be a family again. I only need time. And your trust. For now, don't tell anyone we saw each other. Hi, gorgeous. You should be happy to see me. This could be the beginning of a wonderful relationship. We have a problem. Put Davis in play. Blake Carrington will be more cooperative when he's sitting in a jail cell. What are we going to do? I'm proud of you. Thanks for your support. Pack your bags. We're leaving this house. Have you seen my phone? Don't worry, my love. Everything is working out flawlessly. What's taking so long? My son... Finally we're all together. -Where are your bags? -I'm not coming with you. What are you talking about? Of course you're coming. All I wanted was for us to become a family. To have a new beginning together... and forget the past. But I can't. -Sam, we don't have time for this. -I haven't forgotten... all of the times you hurt my mother and me. Do you know what that does to a kid? Sammy, please. He didn't mean it. We're a family. We haven't been a family in a long time. Cristal and the Carringtons? I lied to them, stole from them... betrayed them. And yet still they supported me. Never tried to hurt me. -That's a family. -What are you talking about? That Carrington bastard just threw you out like a dog. I'm sorry, Dad. What did you do? It's me... I need to talk to Davis in person. Very good. I'm coming to you. What's the address again? You just made a big mistake. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 