Dynasty: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dynasty 
 s2e5 - Queen of Cups - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dynasty (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Queen of Cups - full transcript 
 A psychic comes to dinner with unsettling news; Jeff and Culhane forge an unlikely friendship. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [narrator] Previously on Dynasty: Fallon isn't my child. Steven is. -I need to go back to Paraguay. -I'll go with you. I need to go alone. -I'm packed, ready to hit the road. -You're not going anywhere. Names aren't what make a family. People do. -Cristal. What are you doing here? -I heard you might need me. I got you into an underground billionaires' poker game. Keith, Mike Jones. What's up, Jones? -[bangs on door] -Move, move, move. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Down! Hands on your head! I was thinking you could stay on for the transition team. I'll see you at the office, boss. This painting is collateral. -So, I'm not selling it? -No. ["You Make My Dreams" playing] ♪ What I want, you've got And it might be hard to handle ♪ ♪ But like the flame That burns the candle ♪ ♪ The candle feeds the flame Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ What I've got's full stock Of thoughts and dreams that scatter ♪ ♪ You pull them all together ♪ ♪ And how ♪ You buy art, right? ♪ Oh, yeah, well, well, you ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ You make my dreams come true ♪ -I want a rematch. -Why is that? You think I was cheating? These past few days have been... wonderful. I am starting to fall in love... with Atlanta. [chuckles] What about Arizona and your job? I have a lot of vacation time saved up. A month, maybe even two. The point is, Celia was there for me when I needed her most, and I wanna do the same thing for you, for as long as you need me. [cell phone ringing] I'm very needy. Excuse me. This is Blake. I've been staring at this all day. It's literally corporate gibberish. Give me this. Okay, these are bilateral C-suite feedback reports discussing the immediate trajectory of the next-- -Hmm? -Are you even listening to me? I'll try harder. -Um... -[cell phone beeps] -That's not good. -What, your favorite porn site crashed? At least that outfit worked. My writer friend sent me this along with an article his mag is printing about... our failing marriage. -Well, pay him to quash it. -Well, he's not that good a friend. I don't know how long you think this charade can continue. This deal was based on our marriage, so, the merger-- The merger is fine. The deal is done. Everyone got their money. Your family has their money. Mine could lose billions. And if that happens because my wife is cheating on me, they're gonna come after you, and I won't be able to protect you. You don't need to do this. Hey, you pulled me from Keith's game in the nick of time. I owe you. I can't believe you clocked that raid before I did. -Yeah, I got lucky. -Let's hope you stay lucky, 'cause as another thank-you I'm offering you a permanent seat at my poker game. -Tuesday night, here at the club. -You sure about this, after last night? I've been playing for years. Never seen anything like that. You never know who you can trust with millions on the table. What's that supposed to mean? If there's something I need to know, you'd better say it. The raid at Keith's? I set it up. Cristal. I thought you were gone, and then you came right back. Like a stubborn case of the clap. I did, yes. Blake needs a healthy support system right now. After everything he's been through, a sensitive person might recognize that now is not the time for an outsider to be here. I'm sure he doesn't see you that way. Join me so we outsiders can get to know each other. [chuckles] [in mocking accent] Something's getting lost in translation. -[chuckles] -[Blake] Oh, this is unbelievable. Is everything okay? Apparently, a painting of mine that I didn't know was missing popped up at a gallery. The person attempting to sell it matches Hank's description. Well, I can't believe that Hank would show up here out of the blue with a stolen painting. The timing makes sense. He waited for the investigation to die down before he tried to sell it. -How do they know it's him? -They don't. But this is the first lead since the fire. I am not gonna let him get away again. Son or no, he killed my wife. She's using the photo of me paying the escort as blackmail, then having me through hoops like setting up the raid. Then she kills the job in New York and says I work for her. -Fallon doesn't know? -No. I don't want her involved. Ada could ruin her, and you if you host this poker game. I'm not afraid of some crazy antiques dealer. She's connected and untouchable. I don't even know where to find the lady. What if I host this game to lure her here? We deal with her face-to-face. I at least owe you that. -It's too risky. -Hey. I'm not letting anyone stop me from doing my thing in my city, or control you. Fine. -[in Spanish]: Sounds good. -[scoffs] No, I don't really play. Steven does. -You miss him. -More than I thought I would. I mean, we FaceTime, but it's not the same. And the one person I'd like to talk to about it isn't here. You mean your tía. Okay. I don't want you to think I'm crazy, but I might have a strange suggestion. Oh, that's my favorite kind. If you're feeling lost, there are ways to know what's meant to be by looking inside yourself or out into the universe. Are you talking about psychedelics? The last time I did drugs, I put on a one-man musical at my engagement party. No. I follow this psychic online, Adriana. She helps you face your past or look into the future. She's done amazing things for people by long distance... including me. She told you your future? She gave me guidance about what was next for me. If you're already feeling lost, what do you have to lose? I thought this was Fallon's office. It is. She's having me help her with some... Some files. Thought you were a writer. I guess she thought I'd be a valuable addition to her team. Or maybe she couldn't bear to see me go. Michael. I guess it's good that both of you are here, since the three of us are about to be the talk of the town. The article just broke. Since I'm me, I have a plan. -We can't marry until we divorce. -You're not really married. Announcing a divorce would take a tiny piece of gossip chum and turn it into a feeding frenzy. Not if we have a divorce party. It's called "conscious uncoupling." It's all the rage. Gwyneth started it, then Jack White. I'm sure J.Lo will be sending save-the-end-dates soon. We'll have an amicable celebration of our separation Tuesday at the Manor. -Tuesday is tough for me. -It shouldn't be. It's our date night. I'll be there. This divorce will be like the wedding we never had. I told you specifically not to sell that painting. -I tried calling, but you never answered. -Because I lost my phone in Paraguay. I don't know what that means. I'm done listening to you. That art lady said this painting is worth millions. Hank, please. They will throw you in jail, and you will end up with nothing. If I get caught, this entire fake-son scam of yours is exposed. Laying low is for suckers. This is Hank's big payback. And he's finally gonna get what he's owed. What I'm owed. Me, Hank. -[line disconnects] -[grunts] [chattering] -Hi. -What says "I'm done with you" more: Alimony Punch or Banana Splitini? And yet I've seen actual brides less invested. Splitini. It's like you're trying to make up for the fact we never had a wedding. Maybe you're feeling something you weren't anticipating? The only thing I'm feeling is clearing my path for a spring wedding with Culhane. So, then, why all the... attention to detail? Because just like our fake-ass marriage, this has to feel real. You're right, it should. For the shareholders. Which is why I've done my research, and evidently, there's rituals that some people do at these things. Like? Well, there's the untying of the knot, the parting vows. I'm even game for a last kiss. It's like you said, it has to feel real. I've given you everything you've asked of me during this relationship. You call, I'm there. So, for this one night, all I ask is that you give me the chance -to say goodbye my own way. -Fine. But no last kiss. Keith, thanks for meeting me. Well, thanks for helping me make bail. I don't know how that bitch Ada Stone got dirt on me, but I'm gonna bury her for busting up my game. She is a scary person. -How do I know you didn't set me up? -Would I be seeking you out if I did? I almost got taken out. I don't wanna be next. Listen, Jeff Colby is hosting a game, and we need all the real names -and contacts from your guest list. -[Keith laughs] You guys are trying to take a game from me and want me to help you? What are you, insane? [scoffs] Your game is done, Keith. But if Ada thinks Jeff's taken over, she's gonna want a cut, just like she did you. That's how we lure her in. Once she's here... we get the dirt we need to take her down. Your voicemail cut me off, Thurston. This is Blake again. So, whenever the hell you decide to call me back, I need the other dealer's number-- [automated voice] If you're satisfied with your message, press pound or hang up. I'm looking for the Blake I played croquet with yesterday. Any idea when he's coming back? Yesterday his ex wasn't defending his wife's killer and justice wasn't slipping through his-- Through my fingers. You say you want justice. Sounds like you want revenge. I want Hank to pay. I wanna confront him before the cops do. But taking this into your own hands will only create more toxic energy. You don't need it, and I refuse to be around it. -Do you consider yourself a control freak? -I wouldn't use "freak." I wouldn't rule it out. You are the king of an empire. Was. Maybe you got used to the control, but you can't control how people act. Not Hank, not Alexis, not anyone. You can only control how you react. We all want inner peace, Blake. But you have to open your heart... and let me in. I need you to intercept that Rembrandt. There's a reason I went with Blake in the divorce. He's my most important client. I can't keep ignoring his calls. Might I remind you that that Rembrandt is a forgery, one of many you sold to Blake throughout the years to pay for your vacation home in Nice. I recall our little arrangement benefited you also. A few unsanctioned shopping sprees, some elective surgeries here and there. And there. If this comes out, my reputation can't fall any further... but yours, in the art world? They're always looking for someone to hawk prints of Dogs Playing Poker at the flea market. Pay off the seller, get the painting back, and leave the past in the past. We'll all sleep much better. Oh, and by the way, this isn't one of your forgeries. This is a masterpiece. These past few months have been chaotic at best, but me hosting these dinners is my way to try to reestablish normalcy. I would never have done any of this if it weren't for Steven. I certainly wouldn't have invited Mother, who graced us by not showing up. So, cheers to family. I think that was beautiful, Fallon, and that's exactly the kind of healing -this family needs. -[cell phone buzzes] [Fallon] I'm sorry, who is she, again? Save your cheesy inspirational quotes for Instagram, and don't tag me. -I gotta go. -Seriously? You're gonna leave me in this family-run torture chamber by myself? Big-brother duty. Evie's got some millennial drama. I'm sorry. Well, I guess we have an extra seat. Perfect, because thanks to some inspiration from Cristal, I flew in a very special guest all the way from Paris who is gonna tell us what the future holds for this family. Please welcome... Adriana the psychic. -Adriana. -You used the jet for this? Hi, I'm Cristal. Don't you know we have plenty of homegrown scam artists right here in Georgia? Don't tell me, you knew I was gonna say that. I did. Adriana's given me readings over the phone that have literally changed my life. And you wonder why poor people aren't rich. [Adriana] If you keep your hearts and minds open, I can connect you with the past, present and future through my cards. They give me guidance on the fates of everyone in this room. Including you. -This is so exciting. -Sam, really? Sorry I'm late. I, uh-- Oh. What sort of dinner is this, Fallon? Ah. The matriarch, exiled, unwelcome. Join us. The circle must be complete. I'd like to see credentials. She's a con artist, Mother. You two speak the same language. The cards are a map of your lives. They answer all questions. Like how long we're fated to sit here? Dinner's getting cold. -Shh. -For you. Love, passion. Oh, you noticed my engagement ring. Wow, your psychic ability knows no bounds. A man, strong, bare-chested. Are you sure that's not my card? 'Cause that could be Steven. Get your own card. Go on. A warning. A powerful betrayal around this bare-chested man. Only the ultimate kiss will tell you whose love is true. Sorry, Sam, the only thing in the cards for me tonight is some Netflix and chill. Try not to wake the dead. Okay, do me. Now, remember who's paying your fees, so, give me a good one. [Adriana] For you, Sam. This card means the promise of growth. -I'm not getting fat, am I? -Growth, as in new life. And this same card points to you. You have a grand role to play in his journey. I do have his dry cleaning picked up for him every week. New life? I hope you got the answers you were looking for, Sam. Oh, no, no, no, I'm good. The nine of swords. Such loss. A wife, a son. Two sons. She's right. Just means that she reads the newspaper, dear. Not exactly Nostradamus. Blake, don't be afraid. Trust me, this can be really good for you. Go on, Adriana. [Adriana] Three of swords. Grief, guilt and now confusion. -This is not necessary. -But look, a path forward. The dead knows what's in your heart. She's talking about Celia. And finally, there is peace, forgiveness, a new chapter. -I don't know what to say. -You don't have to say anything. All the guilt, all the pain you've been feeling, you can let it go. Yes, let it go... and you, too, can fall for these parlor tricks. I mean, clearly, this Cristal 2.0 has told the snake-oil peddler our family business so that she can sink her hooks into you even deeper. Well, I don't wanna... But wait, there's more. Five of cups. A hooded figure, a past mistake, deeply regretted, returns back to haunt you. He's a danger to you. To all Carringtons. [dishes shatter] [sighs] -[chuckles] -Bo's right. Let's eat, shall we? -Hey. Wanna grab a bite? -Rain check. I got a lot going on. Oh, yeah, I see that. [chuckles] These are nice poker tables. I may or may not have run a strip-poker game back in high school. -Just hosting a few friends. -A few of your billionaire friends? -When do we start? -Not sure you can afford the buy-in. I don't want a seat at the table. I need a job. And I know how these underground poker games work. I wear a tight skirt, keep the alcohol flowing for you and your friends. The last time you tried working here, you made headlines on TMZ. Look, my bills are stacking up, and any tips I could score from these rich Americans would really help me out. Pretty please? There you are, my strong, bare-chested fiancé. -I thought we'd grab some we-time. -I'm about to shower. -I'm short on time. -Well, maybe I'll join you. Hey. You're not upset that Liam was in the office, right? I needed him to do transition work. -No, but about that divorce party-- -You're not weaseling out of it. Liam wants to do some sort of untying-the-knot thing. I chose you to cut it. I'm sure you two can handle it. Well, if you won't go for me, maybe you'll go for Jim Clark. Who is Jim Clark? A bigwig over at Aston Martin here in Atlanta. I arranged for you to meet at the party. Fine. I will be there. And thank you. But, you know, I'd rather not host the whole Liam-party thing here, where we live, downstairs from our bedroom. So, why not move it to the Colbys' club? Monica isn't exactly my biggest fan at the moment. I will talk to her. You just get the party moved to the club. I'll take care of the rest. Alexis, dear, I have good news. You have the painting, the seller has the money, and Blake's none the wiser? No, no and no. The seller is bringing the painting, and Blake is going to apprehend him. I won't have to spend a dime. I told you not to pick up the phone. Blake being involved ruins everything. It exposes me. Being exposed was never a problem for the Alexis I knew. This is the best-case scenario. Blake will never trace the forgery to us or even question its authenticity. If he gets caught, I promise you, you will have more luck getting a Chick-fil-A on Sunday than you will selling a piece of art in this town again. And you'll have better luck convincing Vidal Sassoon you're a natural blond than ever getting me to betray Blake Carrington. Now get your tired masterpiece out of my office. [cell phone buzzing] Oh, Culhane. Your phone. It might be Jim Clark. I gave him your number. Culhane's phone. [Ada] I'm looking for Michael. Who's this? This is his fiancée. Who is this? Tell him a close friend called. He'll know who it is. [line disconnects] [doorbell rings] Anders, I figured out Adriana's prediction about growth and new life. My baby with Steven. That's what I'm meant to focus on. Well, it's always wise to heed the words of a prognosticator. I've already spoken to Steven, and I put out word online for a surrogate. The response has been insane. How are you planning on vetting candidates? I was hoping you could help, since she did say you'd have a grand role... Grandpa. -Welcome. Welcome. -[woman] Thank you. [Sam] Thank you for coming. What attracted you to the idea of surrogacy? My guidance counselor said that I should stay away from math. Do you have any questions? Do I get to live in here? Have you ever been convicted of a crime? Convicted? No. What would you do with the $5 million? I would do it for free. As long as I could do it the old-fashioned way. [chattering] Wow. This place looks amazing. -Don't try to butter me up. -Oh, come on. I'm sorry crazy Kirby picked a fight with me at your opening, but we both know it got you more buzz. Just don't go ripping people's clothes off tonight. And congratulations on your engagement. Although I guess you have to get divorced first. You just don't do normal, do you? I would kill for normal. -I think he's cheating on me. -Culhane? -Why? Did you ask him? -Call it a premonition. Anyway, I just need your support tonight. Will you be my maid of dishonor? If that means I'm responsible for getting us shots, I'm in. Fallon. Hi. My lovely soon-to-be ex. Meet Craig Thompson, one of Van Kirk Industries' major shareholders. Craig's always had a love-hate relationship with my family. He could've predicted you'd get sick of us. -[laughs] -But as you can see, we are still making happily-ever-after work on the business front. -Yes, yes, we are. -I have to say that I'm relieved. If you're gonna head this transition-- You know, I'm so sorry. Excuse me one sec. Looks like Liam's having the night of his life. When you were in the shower, some woman called. She didn't leave her name, but she sounded familiar. That's weird, but you know how solicitors are now. I don't think it was a solicitor. -Is there something you need to tell me? -Of course not. Maybe you're projecting 'cause it's your divorce party. Or maybe the psychic was right. -[cell phone buzzing] -Psychic? Fallon? Seriously? Isn't there like a bouquet you need to re-catch or something? Don't go far. Jim Clark from Aston Martin should be here any second. Okay, well, tell Jim to wait for me by the bar. [Alexis] There you are. The hooded man. [Culhane clears throat] -How's Fallon? -More suspicious than I'd like. Hopefully, I can show my face enough to keep her calm. -And Ada? -Just tried her again. -I can't get her on the phone. -The plan may not be working? [cell phone buzzing] What do you think you're doing talking to my fiancée? [Ada] What do you think you're doing throwing a poker game without me? Consider this my RSVP. Oh. Actually, I think I'm already here. Jeff Colby, Ada Stone. Mr. Colby, I heard you were flashy. Your outfit doesn't disappoint. I imagine there will be books written on your levels of conspicuous consumption. Well, if you got it, flaunt it, right? Well, our interpretations of that phrase may vary, but... -we do have business to discuss. -I'm always looking for new opportunities. Let me check in a few players. I'll be right back. [upbeat pop music playing] [guests cheering] -[man 1] You see this heart? -[man 2 speaks indistinctly] [indistinct chatter] [guests cheering in distance] [Ada] Mr. Colby, I heard you were flashy. Your outfit doesn't disappoint. I imagine there will be books written on your levels of conspicuous consumption. [Jeff] Well, if you got it, flaunt it, right? Well, our interpretations of that phrase may vary-- ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Are you loving me now ♪ ♪ I'm going for the glory ♪ Oh. The Rembrandt. [clears throat] The Rembrandt. [man] Let's go. All right, Hank. Don't make us do this the hard way. [grunts] ♪ I'm going for the glory, hey, hey ♪ Well, I was desperate. I have nothing. And I thought that, well, nobody would miss the painting, so, I-- So, I borrowed it. Then why did the gallerist's description fit Hank to a T? Well, the guy I hired did look similar. It's stupid on my part, I admit. That's why I wanted to discourage you from pursuing the thief. Look, I am so sorry, Blake. I have never been good at looking after myself. You know that. -After we got back together, I thought-- -Got back--? We slept together one time. Then Substitute Cristal came along and you turned your back on me again. It's your fault I had to go to such lengths. -Oh. My fault? -Well, yes. -Did I force you to steal? -Well-- [sighs] [sighs] No. You're right. I should have been more considerate of you. We all make mistakes... and I forgive you yours. [door opens] [guests chattering and upbeat music playing] Yeah, sure thing. [guests cheering] Why the hell is Culhane leaving again? It takes more than a handshake to schmooze a job out of a heavyweight like Jim Clark. I'm gonna get you some coffee, okay? Thank you. I didn't know if they could wrap their heads around it, but the suits are eating it up. -You ready to officially end this thing? -Yes, please. Where's Culhane? I thought he was doing the honors. Sam will fill in. Let's close this deal. Okay. The divorce party's in full swing. You haven't had any chance to talk business? -Good. -[Ada] I'm sure Michael's told you, I'm now the one who controls the tables in this town. If you intend on keeping your game going, I expect a proper payout. Well, unfortunately, I can't think of any percentage of my game, besides zero, that I'm willing to give up. Mr. Colby, you remember the man who ran the last game, Keith? He's out of business and facing a very unfortunate accident as we speak. And I actually liked him. You, I have no feelings for. [chuckles] Oh. -Is that a threat? -Come on. If I wanted to threaten you, I'd mention your sister getting hit by a delivery truck. [gasps] Or your father going back to jail for drugs he didn't know were in his possession. -Okay, what do you want? -Forty percent. That's my cut of the game. Each week, Michael will come to collect. Are we clear? [laughs] Is there something you find funny or possibly don't understand? No, I understand, but the funny part is, with all your posturing and pretentiousness, you just confessed to extortion, racketeering, and probably two or three other felonies. Have you been deputized as officers of the law? No, but with what you just said, we do have enough evidence for them to make a case against you. But it's your word against mine. Unless, of course... we have proof. [laughs] -Did you see her face? -Smile, bitch. You're on camera-- -What the hell? -Your security room needs better security. It's cute you thought you could out-gangster a gangster. Whatever she's offering, I'll pay you triple. Wow. You can't protect me from her. You thought you were gonna get dirt on her with this video. Unfortunately, the only footage left on here is you checking players into an illegal poker game. It's like I was never here. -Give me that damn video. -Whoa. It's already been uploaded. So, without further fanfare or pageantry, it's over, you lost. Collect my 40 percent from tonight's game. Meet me in the VIP. Five minutes. I hope you're making that doggie bag to go, sweetie. I am actually fixing Blake a snack. Oh, I see you've discovered the way to a man's heart isn't only through the hole in his boxers. I should really give Blake more credit for dealing with you for all these years. He's more of a saint than I thought. And you are more of a gold digger than I imagined. You may think that you're replacing me, but if you haven't noticed, Cristals come and go around here. I am here to support Blake and be his friend. Not everyone has an agenda. Then why didn't you tell him you lost your job? That's right, I did some digging on you, and it turns out you're not this hippie-dippie cult-leader I suspected. You're just a rub-and-tug specialist whose clinic closed last week. Just around the same time that you showed up here again. -That has nothing to do with anything. -We'll see if your good friend Blake agrees. The last conscious-uncoupling tradition of the night is the parting vows. -Fallon? -Oh, that's a hard no. [guests murmuring] I mean-- I mean, why say something that's already been said? Well, I'd like to say something. And I have prepared a slide show. Of course you have. [romantic music plays] What is this? I'm never gonna stop fighting for you, Fallon. I leaked that picture of you and Culhane to put you guys on ice. But you came up with all of this. You are too clever. And that's why I love you. [mic feedback whines] Yeah, five photos, I know. I guess we were too busy having fun to take pictures. [guests chuckling] That or Fallon cropped me out of all her selfies. [guests chuckling] People ask me how on earth I could divorce... this woman. Well... let me count the ways. The only thing greater than her IQ is her hat collection. I hate how she reads the last page of a book first and then spoils it for me... yet she's never bothered to read a word I've written. [guests chuckling] I hate how I can smell her perfume on my clothes after she's been gone for hours. I hate how she's a million times smarter than I am, and she's never wrong. Most of all, I hate that I'll never have chemistry with anyone else like I have with her. But fate is fate. Who are we to stop it, right? It's been real, Fallon. At least for me. Cheers. Wow. That was... rude yet beautiful. But by the power vested in me by these scissors... I now pronounce you... single. [cheers and applause] Don't worry, I'm not gonna ask for that kiss. [guests gasp] For the shareholders. Hey, hey, hey. -What was that back there? -It was a mistake. -I'm with Culhane. -Is that what your heart is saying? I mean, I'm supposed to-- -We're engaged. -So? Where is he? You've been very, very naughty. And surely you know I'm gonna punish you for it. [moans] [Fallon] Wait. Wait. Wait, wait, wait. Who the hell is that? That damn psychic was right. She told me Culhane would betray me. Oh, my God. But you're the strong, bare-chested... [gasps] And I kissed... [gasps] No, no, no. I had it all backwards. I had it all backwards. I betrayed him. No, no. Fallon, it's okay. You need to go. You need to get away from here. Okay. Uh... -I just need to grab my disc. -Excuse me. Jeff, I know what that looks like, but I promise you that it's... [sighs] Forget it. Just don't tell Culhane, please, because I just, I got a little too drunk and a little too mad, and it added up to a big mistake. I won't say anything. But only because you need to tell him yourself. Well, I should, but I think he's having an affair, too, so... Well, not-- Not "too." Fallon, Culhane is doing right by you. More right than what was happening here. [sighs] Fifty bucks. I worked my ass off for the richest bastards in Atlanta, and all I got was 50 bucks. It's enough to buy your brother-in-law a drink, and the least you could do after ruining my baby shower. -Not that it was your baby to shower. -And it may never be. Ooh. That sounds ominous. A psychic predicted I'd have a baby, but it looks like it's not gonna come true. Does the psychic know you're a dude? We were going to use a surrogate. I was hoping finding one would get Steven home sooner, but they were all trash. Maybe your standards are too high. Well, yeah. My standard is Steven. His smile, his sweetness. Even if the mom were just tall, so the kid would feel like both of ours, you know? Yeah. And more than looks. I mean, Steven's kind. Well, he was the nicest Carrington to me. That was before he knew he was my brother. Maybe it's you. -What's me? -The perfect surrogate. You're Steven's half sister. It'll practically be like a little Steven. How much did you say it paid, again? [sighs] -We need to talk about your ex-wife. -Yes, we do. I just had what could have been a stroke-inducing throwdown with her, but thanks to you, for the first time in 40 years, Alexis didn't get under my skin. I wish I could say the same. Practice what you preach. You're showing me how to be real. It's changing my life. I'm happy for that, Blake. But I haven't exactly been real with you. I lost my job in Arizona a week ago. Yeah, Alexis told me that. Was it because you were here for me? They closed the clinic. I stayed for you. I mean, I-- I wanted to, but the truth is... I had nowhere else to go. I'm sorry you lost your job. -You're not angry that I lied? -How could I be? It was fate. You have nowhere else to be because this is where you belong. Oh. I guess that Zen thing is working out. I guess so. I know my destiny when I see it. Your cut. Don't be discouraged. Keith screwed you because doing so would prove his loyalty to me. So, like the prodigal son, I welcomed him back to the fold. And until I'm certain of your loyalty, that recording of Jeff running an illegal card game in his innocent sister's club is my insurance you'll behave. Leave Monica out of this. I'm not the one who put her club in my sights. Oh, and what a pretty club it is, too. It should make me an even prettier penny. Tell me, how did you know about the hooded figure? It was so specific. I only know what the fates reveal. And I want to know more. [chuckles] I like this. The two of cups over the six of cups. -I like this very much. -And why do you like it? A man, an old friend. Well, he's more than that. He's my ex-husband. I see here you still want him very much. Yes. Go on. He, too, is full of passion, but... no fulfillment. Is that possible? Well, we did share passion, if that's what you mean. Actually not that long ago. Tell me about the future. What do you see? -Deceit. -What kind of deceit? A man, very frightened, very stupid. Could be worse, right? Blake could've caught me. Who knows what he would have done? -Thank God Alexis warned me. -[crying] Oh. I know just what your mother would say, that I'm an idiot and Alexis was protecting herself, not me. -[baby crying] -What could I do, Matthew? [door opens] [woman] Get that filthy finger out of his mouth. -I'm sorry, Claudia. -Where's the money? And the painting? Idiot. I gave you three shots to get that money your way. Now it's my turn. Can you go back to the cards? I prefer them. Queen of cups. See? Very wise, very calm, very... sensitive woman, very connected to this man. Think she would've stayed if I hadn't bought her clinic and shut it down? Why worry? It's done. I suppose all's well that ends well. Particularly if you have the money to write your own ending. So, tell me more about this powerful man who is very attracted to me, who may or may not be Blake. [Adriana] He's going to ask you to marry him. -And will I? -Yes. -Only... -Only what? ♪ Why do I always... ♪ He will expire. -What do you mean, expire? -He will expire... ♪ Wait till ♪ like death. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 