Scott & Bailey: Season 3, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Scott & Bailey 
 s3e3 - Episode #3.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Scott & Bailey (2011–2016): Season 3, Episode 3 - Episode #3.3 - full transcript 
 Janet and Rachel interview eighteen year old Danny Gallagher,who discovered his father Ed had been murdered and his house robbed. Rachel is surprised when Danny's mother Sarah suspects her son of the murder as they clearly have their differences and Sarah regards the boy as a disappointment. A neighbour claims to have seen Danny leave the house on the night of the murder but a new line of enquiry opens when Sarah admits that her husband was gay and picked up young men for sex. When one of them is discovered with Ed's car another suspect is added to the list. Janet persuades her mother to move in as Adrian leaves to live with his new girlfriend and Sean becomes suspicious after a man rings asking for Susie,the name Rachel used with her one night stand. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Me and Sean are getting married. - No! - Why don't we call it a day? - Is that what you want? - Can I stay at yours tonight? - You've been married five minutes! You are aware this is a public place and you're committing a lurid act. I pulled this bloke last night and then we checked into a hotel room and I shagged him. Scott & Bailey Season - Episode 02 Subtitles by Deluxe Sync: Marocas62 So last night I did this thing, - I said this thing. - What thing? This daft thing. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I did! Last night? - You did? What did you do? Well, it wasn't what I said, it was more what I... - No, go on. What did you do? - Well, it was more what I said. I don't get this. You've spent the last four nights at Eleanor's. - Yeah? - You come back here to do your washing, argue with the kids, make a mess, and then you're off! - I haven't made a mess. - You've had your bike - in bits on the kitchen table. - Yeah, I put newspaper down, and I cleaned up after myself. And I did everybody else's washing as well as me own, - and when did I argue with the kids? - Tea-time. I spent an hour making their tea! You'd be cross too if they were too busy tweeting and twittering and farting about to come to the table when you'd called 'em four times! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I think you've got to make a decision about where you want to be. Why don't you just move in with her and have done with it? Janet, I'm here because you're not 90% of the time. I thought I was helping. I thought we were making the best of a situation until the house sells. I thought we were doing really well. I'm thinking about asking my mum to move in permanently. She can help with the girls, I can keep an eye on her, and you can do what you want. Right, yeah. Yeah. Have a word with Dorothy and see what she says. I don't even know why I started on him. He's been very good actually. Yeah, well it's no fun for you, is it? Left on your own every night while he's off having it off with somebody else. Well, no quite. Not that I want to be having it off with him. - God no. - But... - yep, just... - No, I know. How about you? Your phone's ringing! Well, answer it then! Dozy sod. Hello. Suzie? Hold on. Rachel! What? Actually, I think you might have the wrong number, pal. No, it's... Well, it's not anybody's called Suzie, put it that way. - Ta-ra. - Who was it? Wrong number. He wanted somebody called Suzie. It was only that talentless plank I shagged in that hotel room. - Shit! - I know, I must've been so pissed. I gave him a made-up name, but then a proper phone number. God you really are, aren't you? Daft. Right... Straight faces. Daniel? I'm Detective Sergeant Scott, this is Detective Constable Bailey. We're sorry to be meeting you under such difficult circumstances. - Are we looking at a break-in? - No, nothing. - Who found him? - The son. 18. I was cross with him... ..when I got there. I thought he'd forgotten to turn up like we'd arranged, and then I assumed he wasn't answering his phone on purpose cos he couldn't be arsed. It never occurred to me he might be in trouble. Describe to me what happened when you arrived. I let myself in. I was going to leave a note saying "Where the hell were you yesterday, you selfish..." And... I thought it was paint. All across the ceiling. I thought... vandals, idiots, morons breaking in, throwing red paint everywhere. God knows why I thought that. It wasn't till I saw him... lying there... ..the penny dropped. And I realised that it was... - Legenda sem tradu?ao - - blood. - What did you do next? I got my phone and rang 999. Has my mother not got here yet? - Not that I'm aware of. - No, someone will let us know when she arrives. So going back, the last time that you spoke to your dad was when? Saturday tea-time. Did you speak or text? Spoke. And he was fine. All right, boss? - Our Sammy's got engaged. - Has he? - He's 19. - Right, Is she not... No, she's fantastic! I love her. She's brainy, she's sorted, she's sweet-natured, she's pretty. Pretty enough. I just keep thinking it's too good to be true. - Is there a car in the garage? - No. Nothing. Don't tell me a twat this rich doesn't drive a big flashy car. Where's his mobile? Where's his wallet? Sarah Gallagher? I'm Rachel Bailey, I'm a detective constable with the Major Incident Team. I'm going to be your family liaison officer. That means I'm here to support you, and to keep you informed as to how the investigation's going. I'm sorry that we're meeting in such unhappy circumstances. I don't even know what's happened. The pair that told me seemed to know next to nothing. - Have you been offered some tea? - No. - Could we... - Sure. Thanks. I'm sorry. Is he actually dead? I'm afraid that's... Yes, one of the paramedics pronounced him dead at 11.30 this morning. Would you like to... Mrs. Gallagher, your husband was found just after 11.00 this morning by your son, Daniel, at your house. Our Senior Investigating Officer - Detective Chief Inspector Murray - is there now. As soon as she gets back I know she'll want to speak to you. - Is my son here? - Yes. - Have you arrested him? - No. Two of my colleagues are with him talking to him. But no, he's not been arrested. Can I see him? Yeah, sure. OK, Daniel, this is difficult. But because you found your dad and at the moment you're the last person we know of who spoke to him, we're obliged - and this is purely a matter of routine - and you must understand that, we're obliged to eliminate you from our enquiries. - Do you understand? - Yeah. So after you spoke to him tea-time, Saturday, can you take us through where you went and what you did right up to when you found him two hours ago? House to house. Did anyone see somebody arriving at the house? Did anyone see Eddie's Aston Martin being driven away? Did anyone hear the garage doors being opened? CCTV, a lot of those houses in that area are going to have close circuit television. Let's not miss anything. We believe his wallet and his phone's missing, so let's find out where his phone was last used, where his bank cards were last used. His car's missing. Let's just check it's not being serviced at a garage. His car keys appear to be missing, so any ANPR sightings, any CCTV. This is a very new Aston Martin DB9, registration MK12 KNH. It's gonna stand out like Lady Penelope's pink Rolls Royce unless it's been torched, so let's monitor any cars reported burnt out since 5.00 on Saturday tea-time. - Murder weapon - - I think it's still out there somewhere. The car. Why steal it just to torch it? Not every little crime thinks these things through. Not when they've got an Aston Martin key in their sweaty hand. They have to torch it after they've driven off in it. Murder weapon - got to be a blade of some sort. We'll have more information on what we're looking for after the post-mortem. Continuing to interview the wife and the son. I want to know everything about this man life style. Who his friends were, who he'd argued with, who owed him money, anyone he'd pissed off. I want to know every move he made between 5.00 on Saturday and 11.00 on Monday. I want to know the last time he wiped his arse and the last time he farted. This is either a domestic muddled up to look like a robbery, or he's let someone into his house and they've killed and robbed him. But I keep coming back to the dressing gown. Who do you let in, in your dressing gown? Somebody you know. Friends. Family. - A neighbour. - Somebody you trust. - Was he having an affair? - Lover? A lover who robbed him. Well, we've turned over Daniel's flat, taken clothes from the washer and we've taken what he was wearing when he found his dad this morning. And four pairs of trainers, which didn't go down well. - Bit of a tantrum. - Has he given an alibi? Sunday, Sunday night, yes. But Saturday night's not great for him. In his flat all night, watching DVDs, playing on his X-Box, sleeping. I'm getting a cell-site map, see if that can locate him. What about her? The missus. I haven't even said hello to her yet. She was in Leeds. She left Manchester 10.00am Saturday stayed over there Saturday and Sunday night - I'm verifying that. She's staying with a neighbour in Altrincham. I've got the address whenever you need it. Odd thing was, she asked me if we'd arrested him - Daniel. It was more or less the first thing she asked when she got here. Is it just me or is that odd? Detective Constable Bailey, MIT, here to see Sarah Gallagher. - Thanks. - Don't pretend you're upset! You couldn't bloody stand him! Her son Danny has turned up. They are arguing. Can I take your coat? - Who are you seeing? - Sorry. Am I intruding? - Do you know anything? - No, not as yet. I just came over to update you with where we're at. - Is there a problem? - No. I've got a problem with you turning my flat inside out. Right. You did give us permission though, Danny. Yeah. And what would it have looked like if I'd said no? And as Sergeant Scott explained to you, often it's a matter of routine procedure. - You better not think it's me. - I don't think anything. - Can I sit down? - Of course. So, Ed's body has now been removed from the house. It's been taken to the mortuary, where he'll undergo a post-mortem examination, which DCI Murray will attend. - Subsequent to that - - Can I see him? Yes. Sorry, I was going to say normally we'd ask you to visit the mortuary and formally identify his body. But given that Danny found him, - that isn't going to be necessary. - I'd like to see him. Yeah, sure. I can take you there myself. I can drive you there, I can go in with you, I'll can bring you home again after, if that's something you'd like me to do. Thank you. Adrian? He's been and gone. Did he say anything about anything? No. Like what? Right, well, this is the thing. Three nights a week - more - you're round. Anyway, looking after the girls, right? He's off every fart's end he gets at bloody Eleanor's. Well, the thing is I'm thinking when the house sells... - Oh, God. - What? Right, just feel free to shoot this one down in flames, OK? But what if... Look, why don't you just spit it out and then we'll know what we're dealing with. Protozoa. What if you sold your house, bought out his half, and came to live with us? Hello? Are you serious? I don't want to move house. I haven't got time. Could you stand me? I don't know. Could you stand me?' Well, I put up with you for 18 years before, once, didn't I? Well, it wasn't all bad, was it? No. I always thought we had a lot of fun together, you and me. On the whole. I wouldn't want you to think I'm using you because... I am, I would be, I need someone. But it could work, couldn't it? I mean, for all of us. You wouldn't be on your own so much. What d'you think? - Well, I'd love it. But - - What? If I sold my house, there'd be no going back. I know, I get that, it's a big thing. Suppose you got married again? You'd wouldn't want me there. You know I'd never see you high and dry. I know that, love. Right, well, I've thrown it out there. So, shall we sit on it for a bit and see if it squeaks? If you like. - OK, so is that... - Yeah. OK. - Listen, Mum, I've got to go. - OK, love. Tata. Tata. I am so not cut out for being an FLO. I don't know how I got through the course. I don't even know why I applied. Do you want to do some house to house for me instead? Yes, please. Are they making mincemeat of you, love? Na, they'd have to try a bit bloody harder for that. Have you learned anything new? Danny was a disappointment. She told me that after he stormed off. Expelled from school, dropped out of college, constantly on the cadge for money off his dad. She thinks that was why he was meeting him on Sunday in the pub - to wheedle some wonga off him. "Always drawn to the wrong thoughts." Booze. Drugs. Smacked her about more than once. She's saying all this like it's an excuse, an apology for him mouthing off about us turning his flat over. Right, who can we pair you up with? DS Scott to PC Whittaker, can you come over to my caravan please, you lucky boy? Sammy's getting married. Sammy Murray? The lovely Orla. - He's 19. - It must be lurv. Yeah, well, someone needs to tell the lad. And bloody hell, what about her? Poor kid? Gill Murray as your mother-in-law? Now that is a nightmare waiting to happen. See you in a bit. The blade's gone right through the carotid artery. It's a very clean cut. There's a knife missing from the block in the kitchen. The smallest one. Probably two, three inches. Japanese steel. That'd do it. There were no signs of a scuffle. There wouldn't be. The blood loss'd be too rapid. His heart would go into arrest within six, seven, eight seconds. It's an efficient death. Somebody knew what they were doing? I think if you know what you are doing, you'll find something just as efficient without risking dousing yourself in evidence. Opportunistic. Spur of the minute. A lucky hit. Using a weapon that's already there, not one you've thought to bring with you yourself. Someone who's threatened, trapped, cornered. He's a big bloke. Maybe she's pregnant. Orla. Have you asked? Right, pegs on noses, let's cut away the blubber. He died from cardiac arrest. But what caused that was rapid blood loss. The carotid artery was severed - that's in the neck. In layman's terms, Mrs. Gallagher, someone slit his throat. Someone he either let in or who came in with a key. Someone he felt comfortable with. Someone who didn't necessarily go there to kill him because they didn't bring a weapon. I'm sorry to ask this. Did Ed... Could he... Was he someone who ever had a bit of a temper? Yeah. Yeah, he... he was never violent. Ever. Never. But, yeah, he could be very... provocative. If he was that way out. I mean, I've thrown things at him before now. Could you describe to me Daniel's relationship with his father? - So how's married life? - Shit. On the whole. I heard congratulations are in order. - Are you taking the piss? - No. It's nearly 8.30. Are you winding up here? I want to be home by 11.00. Pete's just been talking to a fella who was walking his dog past here on Saturday night. He lives next door but two. He says he saw Danny reversing the Aston Martin out of the drive, - 11.20, Saturday night. - How close was he? He says within 20 feet. - How well lit is it? - It's good, I've looked. There's a street light opposite. How well does he know Danny? How good's his eye sight? He's seen him around. He's been for drinks at the house at Christmas. There is no doubt in his mind that it was Danny. - Did Danny see him? - He's not sure. Said he looked away like he didn't want to be seen. Do we know where Danny is? He reconned to be going back to his flat. Rachel saw him earlier. Let's get a statement off this bloke. Then it looks like we will be needing to talk to Danny again. Hey, you're home? No, I'm in Timbuktu. I heard a bang. Well, it was me slamming the door because you were snoring. - I don't snore. - Right. And I'm chairman of the United Nations! - You'd be good at that. - I'd be shit at that. I'd be going, "Oh, just all shoot each other - if you're going to be like that". - No, you wouldn't. You'd wade in there, you. Have y'ad a good day? I've had a long day. I wonder who that fella was? Are you gonna give me any clues? That was trying to get hold of Suzie. - Yesterday. - I've got no idea. I should've asked him what number he was trying for. I'm amazed you've given it a second thought. I could call him back. Give us your phone. - It's 11.35. - Well? You can't ring somebody you don't know at 11.35. Why not? What's he gonna do? Call the police? Well, what y'gonna say? "Have you found Suzie?" - Yeah. - And then what? Just... dunno. Knock yourself out. Which one was it? I don't know, love. You spoke to him. Maybe you're right. Maybe it is a bit late. I'd have said so. Night night. Night. Did you borrow your Dad's car at all this weekend, Danny? No, I've told you. I don't know where his car is. He never let me anywhere near his fff...flaming car. I think I sat in it once, and even then he was like, "You better not have mud on those shoes, Daniel". And what would your response be, Danny, if I told you that a neighbour - on Saturday night - was out walking his dog and he told us that he saw you reversing your dad's Aston Martin out of your dad's drive? That's just not true. He recognised you. Well, he must be blind because it wasn't me. - Who said it? - Somebody who knows you. I wasn't at their house on Saturday night. I've told you, I was at my flat. You're trying to fit me up. Why would we want to do that, Danny? - We just want to find out the truth. - To get a result. We've had someone tell us they saw you, leaving the house, on Saturday night in your dad's car. We have to follow that up. You know me and him didn't always get along, right? so you're fitting me up. I want a lawyer. You're not under arrest. You're free to leave at any time. Right, well... But really, Danny, if you have nothing to hide, you need to be working with us - not against us. I wasn't at their house on Saturday night. Do you want to be on your own? Sarah? No, it's fine. I just wanted to see him. He wasn't a bad man. Often the opposite, really. Just over the years we... - Are you married? - Yeah. Well, you probably haven't been married long enough. Three months. I know it's not all black and white. We should've got divorced. Certainly after Danny left home. Except I've... never been confident Danny has actually left home. He... We both - me and Ed - have had relationships outside the marriage. But we never actually fell out. And we both loved the house. It's such a big house you can rattle around inside it happily enough without even knowing the other one's there. Was Ed having a relationship with anyone recently? Probably. He... About six or seven years ago he told me... Well, I found out, I found some DVDs. Men. On other men. So he told me he liked boys. Not little boys. Young men. Adults. Daft thing is I think I always knew. I didn't mind. I didn't care. It didn't make any difference to anything really. We hadn't had sex for a good few years. He'd pick lads up on Canal Street. - They have got hotels where you can... - I know. I asked him to be careful, which I think he probably was. And I asked him not to bring people back to the house even if I wasn't there, which I don't think he would've done. He isn't daft. Wasn't daft. Sarah, sorry, but... ..is it possible he could've been off cruising up Canal Street this weekend? Oh, yeah. Very likely. Danny doesn't know anything about this. OK. Pete! In here. - Boss. - What's the lad said? Denying being anywhere near. What's this? Statement I took off the bloke walking the dog? Yeah, he identified him off his baseball cap. He didn't see Daniel Gallagher. He saw a baseball cap. He says, "I recognised him because of his cap." I don't know where you trained, but identifying someone's cap - is not identifying them. - I - I was on the verge, I was on the cusp of raising this lad to being a suspect last night based on your misinformation. How many years' experience have you got? Eh? You are walking on ice this fucking thin. I've had results back from the lab. They've identified 37 different sets of fingerprints in the house. One fingerprint we have a match with on the database. Andy Ibbotson. Previous for a burglary - at knifepoint - assault, shoplifting, deception. Small-time low-life dick-head. That's his address. Let's send someone round and see if he knows anything about anything. Ed's bank card was used on Saturday night at 9.36 at an ATM on Sackville Street in the middle of Manchester. And it was used again evening for an online purchase from Ebay on Sunday of £5.98. Can you get me a delivery address on that? Let's see if it was somewhere other than Ed's house. If it was, let's get some intelligence on the address. - Yep. - OK. It was all Rachel's mother. I'm not saying... The thing is... I was pissed. I must've been or it would never've happened. She persuaded me outside, she were all over me. We were... We were in the car park. - I can trust you, can't I? - You know you can. I had sex with her. Yeah. Me. Go on, laugh. Next thing I know there's a torch in my eyes and it's her. No. Theboss, yeah. Jesus. Jesus. She's saying, "You're aware this is a public place, "you're aware you're committing a lewd act". Then she sees it was me. I could died. I wish I had. I'm amazed she's not flirted me off to another syndicate. I'm amazed I'm not back on division. And it's not just that. It's Lynn. I can't look her in the eyes. - She knows summat's up. - Don't tell her. It's not worth it. Pretend it never happened and move on for the greater good of your marriage. You've had your fingers burned, you know it'll never happen again. Never. Ever. Is this why you've been so shirty with Sherlock lately? Yeah. Which is ridiculous. I love Rachel. She's a pal. Yeah, well, lighten up, eh? She'd be the first to sympathise. She knows better than anyone what a poisonous lightweight her mother is. - What's his name? - Andy Ibbotson. Number 89. 'Ello 'ello 'ello. - Parked up outside the house? - Yup. - They haven't knocked? - You haven't knocked? The boy wonder nearly did, but I managed to stop him. - Tell 'em to stay put. - Boss says stay put. - Keep obs on the car. - Keep obs on the car. We'll pull together an arrest team a forensic team, and we'll get round there asap. - Did you get all that? - Yeah. He's just come out! Just now! It's him, he's heading for the car! He's just come out, just now, he's heading for the car. - Go go go, arrest him! - Arresting him? - Arrest him. - Arrest him! Andy! Andy Ibbotson? Police! Stay where you are! Hands behind your back! Get your hands behind your back! - You're under arrest. - What for?! Andy, can you describe to me your relationship with Edward Gallagher? Eddie? I just knew him. Where did you meet him? So. Up Canal Street. On Saturday night. He was a nice guy, nice fella. Quiet, polite. I can't believe he's dead. That's weird. But I'm telling you, when I left him, he was fine. Hand on heart, he was absolutely... He was just fine. Can you explain to me how it is you've got possession of his car? I was borrowing it. He lent it me. Just till Wednesday. So generous. He wanted to give me some money, but I'm like, "Eddie?!" So how long've you known him? I've seen him about once or twice. It's the first time I'd been with him though. - You had sex with him? - Yeah. Where did you have sex with him? - His house. - So just to be clear, you were in his house on Saturday evening? - Yeah. - You met him in Canal Street. And he took you back to his house in Altrincham. - Yep. - And you had sex. Yeah. And then what happened? Nothing. Nothing. He just... He was really happy, relaxed. I told him I needed to go to Wolverhampton to go see my dad. My car was in hospital. And he said, "It's all right, take mine." I said, "Eddie, I can't, it's an Aston Martin", but he just said, "Don't be daft. I don't need it this week". That's what he was like. What time did you leave the house? About half eleven. - What were you wearing? - Clothes. Can you describe them to me? Oh, I borrowed a hat, a cap, a baseball cap and a jacket. So someone's... He said he was expecting his son. Daniel is he called? He said he was expecting his son to turn up pissed later. He'd been on the phone, laying the law down and he wouldn't be surprised if he turned up trying to throw his puny weight around. - But I dunno. - But, But, just to go back, you said Edward was relaxed and happy when you left. Yeah. Well, he wasn't frightened of him, was he? The little twat. Why did you run away when you saw us? Because you were chasing me. Yippee. Living with your mother. It could tick quite a lot of boxes for everybody. - D'you think I'm mad?! - No. Yeah! - Tamsin Henshall? - Yeah. Manchester Met Police Major Incident Team. We're investigating a murder. Have you got five minutes? Yeah. You can sit down if you like. Is that your parcel? That? No. It's got your address on it. I don't know whose it is. That item was bought fraudulently using a stolen credit card. I don't know anything about it. I was going to take it to the post office. This isn't just about a stolen credit card, love. Someone's been murdered. Someone's had their throat slit. And unless you can do better than "I don't know" you're going to be arrested on suspicion of murder. It isn't her, it's him. Sorry? Tamsin Henshall is the sister of a Tanya Henshall. She lives with Andy Ibbotson at the address Lee and Kev picked him up from. Was she not there this morning when we turned the place over? Not that I know of, no. And this isn't the first time it's happened. Tanya's always getting stuff sent to her sister's address using stolen bank cards. No kidding! Did you get a phone number for her off this sister? Yes, I did. Give her a ring, find her, pick her up. Tanya, we're investigating the murder of Edward Gallagher. What can you tell me about that? - He didn't murder anyone. - Who didn't? Andy. Look, he might nicked the card. And the car and the phone and the watch. But he didn't kill no-one, he wouldn't kill no-one! He'd've told me if he'd killed someone! Has he nicked cards before? Yeah. Are Lee and Kev still in with Andy? Yeah. Can you pop in there for me and give Lee a message? There's no need to be embarrassed. I'm not embarrassed. So I'll ask you again. What kind of sex did you have with Eddie? Sort you'd expect. Can you describe it to me? No. I think we'll take a break there, Andy. Half an hour. But just to let you know, Andy, some of my colleagues have been talking to Tanya - your girlfriend Tanya. We've picked her up. And when we come back, I'm going to ask you about some of the other men she's telling us you've picked up in Canal Street and stolen bank cards and car keys from. OK? All right, all right, all right. I stole off him. But I didn't hurt him. I didn't touch him. I didn't kill him. He says they got back to the house. He persuaded Eddie to take him back to the house because he saw he had a Rolex, which was no good without the certificate. So, he want the certificate. So, they got there. Eddie went to have a shower. Andy took what he wanted - car keys, wallet, mobile, the watch without the certificate - and sneaked out. - So no sex? - No sex. So Eddie thinks they're going back to the house for sex. Andy knows they're going back so he can rob him. But then Andy's still saying Eddie was fine when he left. Fine as in, in the shower. So either Andy's killed him or someone with a key's gone back after Andy's gone - - Daniel possibly - and he's killed him. At the moment, we've got no evidence Daniel went back there. His car hasn't cropped up on any CCTV? - Nope. - Yeah, but that doesn't mean he didn't go back there. Where are we up to verifying the wife's alibi? She's in the clear. She was definitely in Leeds. Who are these other blokes who Andy's nicked stuff off? We're trying to find out. I'm wondering if he's targeted the kind of men who wouldn't want to report being robbed cos they wouldn't want anyone to know they were cruising on Canal Street. So he's a small-time con-man. So how does he end up stabbing someone - if it was him? How come he got the watch? If Eddie went off to have a shower and that's when Andy sneaked out with the other stuff - wallet, car keys, mobile - you'd leave them lying around. But you wouldn't take your watch off till you went into the bathroom. You might do. A posh Rolex. Have we got the watch? We've recovered a Rolex from Andy's house. We can verify if it's Eddie's when we've located the certificate, - or from DNA if we have to. - Have we sent it to the lab? If he took it off him after he stabbed him, it might have blood on it, even if he've tried to clean it. If it's got a metal strap, it'll have all sorts of nooks and crannies. That'd put him in the room after the murder's happened. Good. Let's do that. How thick is that though? To murder someone, and then let your girlfriend use his bank card and park his Aston Martin at the front of your house? I hate to break it to you, Kevin, but 99.9% of the time we're dealing with people who are thick. It's the point though. If he's been dealing with blokes who'd be too embarrassed to report him stealing their stuff from, he's not going to worry too much about hiding stuff, is he - not if he has been getting away with it? You mean, which would suggest he did leave Eddie alive and well. Let's keep talking to Andy and Tanya, let's fast track the watch to the lab. Were there any results from the lab on Danny's clothes? No. Nothing. Clean. How's the missus? Yeah, she's... I was gonna pop by and see her after we finish here. Sarah? It's Rachel. Thanks. Jesus, Sarah. What happened? - Danny. - Why? - Why not? - Yeah, but... He gets frustrated, he gets angry. And of course he has to take it out on someone. - Frustrated with us? - Well, yeah. With everyone thinking it's him. So he takes it out on you. He's frightened. We've had a development today. Can I sit down? Sorry. Yeah, course. When... when we met yesterday, when you arrived at the station, one of the first things you asked me was "Has been arrested?" Danny. Could I ask you why you thought that? Because I wouldn't put it past him. - Hello. - You doing owt? - Nope. - Me neither. I'm just watching telly. It's all rubbish. So what did you want? Nothing. I was just ringing you cos I'm bored. Yes! Bingo. Hallelujah! God, I'm good! Results from the lab, ladies and gentlemen. Microscopic traces of Ed's blood inside the strap of the Rolex and on Andy the-little-twat's trainers. You fancy popping downstairs and putting it to him? - I would love to. - See what he comes up with this time. - Well done, kid. - I'll go tell Sarah. Sure. - Have you got time to come with me? - Why? - Hello? - Danny? It's Detective Constable Bailey and Detective Sergeant Scott from MMP. Have you got a minute? Yep, I'll be down. I wonder what happened? Why does a small-time con-artist end up slitting someone's throat? Well, Ed's dead and Andy isn't speaking to us, so... Maybe Ed wasn't taking no for an answer. If Andy's plan wasn't to have sex maybe Ed trapped him. - And Ed was a big bloke. - Maybe. What's up? Nothing. Ours not to reason why, ours just to catch the bastards. You don't always get neat answers. As long as we can prove who did what, who gives a toss why? Do you not wanna know? No. I'm too long in the tooth and life's too short. Hello, Danny. We've charged a man with your father's murder. Yeah, I know. Me mum said, she rang me. Good. And now I'm arresting you for assaulting your mother. You don't have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something you later rely on in court. D'you want to get some shoes on? - Hello. - Helen? How long has she had the idea that he was there? Ever since she helped Joe bury him 33 years ago when she was 13. This afternoon we found, in the cellar, the remains of not one but two bodies. Joe, how would you respond if I told you we'd found human remains in the ground of the cellar at your house in Peverall Street? Subtitles by Deluxe Sync: Marocas62 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 