Scott & Bailey: Season 3, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Scott & Bailey 
 s3e4 - Episode #3.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Scott & Bailey (2011–2016): Season 3, Episode 4 - Episode #3.4 - full transcript 
 Helen Bartlett comes to see Janet and tells her that over thirty years ago,as a little girl,her father Joe accidentally killed her brother Michael and forced her to bury him in their cellar. The police actually find two male corpses and DSI Julie Dodson is brought in to head the enquiry,seeing Helen as victim more than offender. More male bodies are found of which Helen claims to know nothing but Joe,on remand for killing Eunice,calls her a liar. Two witnesses come forward - a man who took Helen and her sister in to protect them from their violent parents and a former lodger of the Bevans,one of several young men picked up and abused by them,though he claims Helen was not so innocent. With her house failing to sell and seeing young Rob Masterson promoted to sergeant over her head the last thing Janet wants is Helen,drunk and upset after the press have leaked her identity,arriving at her house at night. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - You know Dom's in prison? - What do you mean? He murdered somebody. Helen, your mother was found dead at home on Peverall Street. Is there anything else you'd like to tell me about Michael or Sheila, Joe? I've said all I know, love. I'm arresting you on suspicion of murder. Bitch! Scott & Bailey Season 3 - Episode 04 Subtitles by Deluxe Sync: Marocas62 500 quid, Mum. Come on! It's not like you can't afford it. All right! Seeing as it's you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hang on, Mum. If you give me Regent Street, I'll let you off the 1,200. But on condition you don't sell Trafalgar Square to Granny. I'll give you £1,000, Janet, for Trafalgar Square. Let me off 1,200, give me 500 cash and I won't sell her Trafalgar Square. - And I get Regent Street? - And you get Regent Street. Done! That's just petty, small-minded insider dealing. Hello. Sorry... I'm... Helen. I... The woman up the road told me you lived here and... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Sorry. I wondered if I could talk to you. What's it to do with? My... ..father. The house. I think my brother... ..is in there. Buried under the f... under the floor. In the cellar. So how long's she had this idea he was there? Ever since she helped Joe bury him 33 years ago, when she was 13. He said... He said they'd had a fight and he'd accidentally hit him, harder than he meant to. Smacked his head against a wall. He made me... help him, then... he said I couldn't tell anyone... about it. Because, if I did... I'd be in as much trouble as him. But then, over the years, I half convinced meself it never happened... ..and that I'd dreamt it, made it up, imagined it. So... I just... I wanted to look. I wanted to know. We searched the cellar, presumably, when Eunice got battered. Sure, but we were looking for a murder weapon, not bodies. She's odd, Helen, but who wouldn't be. I didn't disbelieve her. We should take it seriously. We hit brick walls every time we try to trace Michael, which is odd, not to find out a damn thing about somebody other the fact they were born. Same with Sheila, the elder sister. Right. I'll pull in the CSM, Forensics and the officer from the original job. Then I'll ring the Resource Centre, see if we can have a poke about in the cellar. - Is it worth taking Helen down there? - God no! She offered to pinpoint where she... - She offered? - Yeah. If you do find anything, you'll be cautioning her for concealing a burial. Cautioning her? But she's the victim. Well, personally, I'd say the dead brother, if he's there, is the victim. So, now, we don't want her contaminating it. We want to prove she's been in there before, even 33 years ago. Did you not get her to draw you a diagram? I can give her a ring. Do you remember Frankie Waddington? - No. - Right. Well, his son is on a fast-track. He's called Rob Waddington. He's lovely. He's just like Frankie. This is the thing, He's going to be our new sergeant. You'll love him. Everybody will love him. When he smiles, it's like the sun coming out. I want to be his mother. Me? How nutty is that? - OK! - Well, I don't mean that literally, obviously. I mean, he tried it on with me a few times, did Frankie. He did with everyone. But the feeling was never mutual. Frankie? Frankie Waddington. Hands everywhere. Bless. Rob is arriving at 12. Show him the ropes. Bring him up to speed on all the jobs. He is wet behind the ears, but he sailed through his sergeant's exams. We need to bear in mind he'll be ACPO rank within ten or 11 years, so let's try and rise to the occasion. - Me mother moved in yesterday. - Good. Her house was on the market for three weeks. She's had two offers. How long's ours been on for? - Seven months and not a dickybird. - I know. We can't afford to ask less. We're already in negative equity. Whereas, her and me dad gave £2,000 for that house in 1972. So it's a snip for somebody, what she's asking. Yeah, course. The idea was, in my head, she'd move in. She'd be there to cook tea and look after the girls, not that they need looking after so much now, but if I'm ever on lates or... Plus, I could keep an eye on her, since her operation, and, in my head, with that extra bit of support at home, I could... Could what? Rise to the challenge of this... being a sergeant. Oh, right. So what? Are you going to do it properly, permanently full-time? Well, no, because she's appointed somebody else. - Frankie Waddington's lad. - Who's Frankie Waddington? Oh, he's this old DCI. Last of the old school. - That doesn't mean that his boy is... - No. - He could be... - Yep. - Not that Frankie wasn't nice. - Old school. So... did Godzilla know? - That was the plan with your mother? - No. No. I kept telling her I didn't want the job. Only now I'm thinking that extra bit of cash has been coming in handy every month. Right. Well, you mistimed that one then, didn't you? She's not psychic. I'm 49 years old and I live with my mother. That doesn't sound good, does it? So, Sheila - the sister, the one that never turned up - is she buried in the cellar as well? It makes you wonder, don't it? Strictly speaking, your mother's living with you, so that doesn't sound as crap, does it? To be honest with you, I wasn't even trying that hard in the exam. Cos, to be honest with you, there's no future in it, is there? - Well... - The police. - Well... - Not under this government. And, to be frank with you, with this bias towards... women. Yes! Some of us dare say it. People, hard working, dedicated, like me, are always going to be at a disadvantage, and this place is the worst! I'm telling you. She has it in for me because I'm a bloke. She, more or less, told me. A few weeks ago. She said, "Are you sure MIT is the right place for you, Kevin?" And Rachel, who hasn't got two brain cells to keep each other company, she's like flavour of the month, every day. Ain't she? Hiya. I'm Rob Waddington, the new sergeant. Janet Scott, acting sergeant. How do you do? - Where's Gill? - She went out with... Is it Denice? ..the CSM on the Eunice Bevan job and a couple of others. - Have you met everyone? - Well... We've got a big court case on... It's the Doreen Blake murder. 78 years old. Two teenage girls, 13 and 14, suffocated her, trussed her up, wedged her in a wheelie bin and dropped her in the canal. Sorry. Excuse me. - DC Bailey. Rachel. - Nice to meet you. Hello. They've opened up that house on Peverall Street. There's a bobby standing on guard at the gate. OK. I'm just keeping you up to speed. Good. Right. Well, thanks for that! Oh, I'm more than happy. I'll let you know if there's any developments. Still I expect you'll know ahead of me, wouldn't you? - It's possible. - Well, keep me informed! Roger. Copy that. Over and out. Ta-ta. Sorry. Me mother! Yeah. She lives with her mother. - Just come inside. - How many? - Hello. Mary Jackson. - Mary. Good afternoon. It's Gill. Murray. MIT. Yeah. I've got something that might interest you. The Eunice Bevan job, Peverall Street. We found human remains in the cellar. Unless we've unearthed somebody with three hands, we're looking at more than one body. - What's going on? - Don't know. What the hell is she doing here? Don't know. Good evening. Thank you all for staying behind. I wouldn't have asked you to do so unless something significant was going down. It's starting to look very much like it is. Last night, Helen Bartlett - Eunice and Joe Bevan's daughter - alerted us to the fact that she, under duress, she's telling us, was forced to assist her father in burying her brother, Michael, in the cellar at their house on Peverall Street 33 years ago. This afternoon, we found, in the cellar, the remains of not one, but two bodies. Wasn't there a sister - Sheila? - Yes. However, Professor Jackson... - Scary Mary! Professor Jackson attended the scene and examined the remains and she concluded that what we'd found was, in fact, the bodies of two male adults, which wasn't exactly what we'd anticipated. Both somewhere between the ages of 17 and 25. As a result of this discovery, and in consultation with the head of MIT and the Assistant Chief Con, we have taken the decision to excavate the rest of the cellar. This will inevitably take several days of job, but, meanwhile, we are starting the investigation into what appears, at the least, to be a double murder. As such, it's been categorised as a Class A-plus, so Detective Superintendent Dodson is going to be the SIO on this one and I am going to be the Deputy SIO. So, if you've got any questions before... So we are anticipating finding other bodies? Presumably, that's why we're excavating. OK. Along with the fact that, once we realised there were two bodies there, along with the fact that we were anticipating Sheila Bevan being one of them, and she clearly isn't, what was found in the grave, along with the remains, were ligatures. Short lengths of rope. Three so far. There may be more once the forensic archaeologist is finished. They're all approximately 12, 14 inches long and we're anticipating that they could have been used to restrain the victims. We've also found no zips or buttons in the grave, this suggest when they were buried, they were naked. We're potentially looking at something very macabre and with wide-reaching repercussions here. So, yes, sadly, we are anticipating the possibility of finding other remains. Needless to say, the media will be all over this big time and soon. I want you to be ready for them. Nothing discussed in this building goes outside this building. I know you know that, but let's be clear. The only person talking to the media will be the Assistant Chief Con. Is the search confined to the cellar, Ma1am? At the moment, yes. As that goes on, there's three areas we need to focus on. Helen Bartlett needs to be brought in and interviewed properly under caution. - Subsequent to that... - Ma'am, are we treating Helen as a witness or a suspect? Good question and the answer, at this stage, is I don't know. We've got to caution her. She's admitted committing a criminal offence. - But... - Depending on what information we get from Helen we'll then talk to her father, Joe Bevan. He's on remand in Strangeways, so we can bide our time. He's not going anywhere any time soon. The other main line of inquiry, of course, is identifying the two sets of remains we have unearthed. DNA will tell us whether one of them is Michael, but - At the moment as regards the other, we have very little to go on. When I say "very little", what I actually mean is... nothing. - Rob seems nice. - Who? The new sergeant. Yeah. Hello, Helen. Can we come in? Helen, based on the information you gave me last night, some of our colleagues have excavated part of the cellar at your parents' house in Peverall Street and we have found something. So I have to tell you at this time, largely for your own protection, you're going to be interviewed under caution and I'm arresting you for the unlawful burial of your brother, Michael. - What?! - You don't have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, - something you rely on in court. - Helen, we'll get to the bottom of this. We're talking to your father very soon, but we have procedures we have to follow when someone's admitted committing a criminal offence. I didn't have to tell you anything. I don't know why I was there, on my own with him, in the house in the middle of the day. I don't know where she was - me mother. Perhaps it was a Saturday. I had my school uniform on. I must have come home for some reason. I don't know why I remember that, but I do. So he was on his own in the house. Where was he? The cellar door was open, which was odd. Normally, it was locked. Nobody ever went down into the cellar. What happened? I don't know. Just... Next thing, I remember being in the cellar with him. - Had you never been down there before? - No. And he was saying it was an accident and... What was it like in the cellar? Dark. You must have been intrigued if no-one was ever allowed down. Frightened. What was it like down there? He just had a torch. I don't know. Wasn't there a proper light? I assumed it didn't work. Go on. He said it was an accident and... ..it was Michael's fault for arguing and... Did you see Michael? He was wrapped in a... curtain... ..in an old curtain. How did you know it was him? - Because me dad told me. - Did you see him? - No. - Did you see his face? I didn't want to look. But you had no doubt it was Michael? No. Me dad said they'd argued and... Michael said he was leaving and... ..me dad wouldn't let him. So... the hole in the cellar, the... the...grave, had already been dug? Yeah. Me dad made me... put the earth... He made me... I had to... ..cover him up... ..with dirt. And I remember thinking, "I'm glad it's me..." "I'm glad it's me doing this. "At least he's being covered up by somebody who loves him. "Not by him." The bastard! - Did you tell anyone? - No. Ever? You. OK. We're going to take a five-minute break there, Helen. This interview is being suspended... Why DIDN'T she tell someone sooner? When I was ten this girl got me on the floor and kicked me in the fanny. Some scuzzy bitch from another school. I felt so ridiculous, so humiliated, I pretended I'd been kicked in the stomach when the grown-ups arrived. Some things you can't say, even when you know the words. Yeah, but 30-odd years? How's she coming across to you? - Early to say. - She worries me. - Why? - It just the timing. Sitting on the information for so long. So why now? If she didn't know the words, why has she come up with them now? Ma'am, you've just had a call from Denice, the CSM. She says the GPR shows other sites in the cellar where the ground's been disturbed. - Good God! - And from the lab... there's a DNA match with Joe and Eunice with the first set of remains - the one that was on top, but there's no matches for the second one. It'd have been a miracle if it had been, wouldn't ir? Ask Denice to come in. Ask her to stand the lads digging down till tomorrow, while we work out the order to approach things. I'll need a structural engineer. Don't want the house to start sagging or I'll be bollocked. Right, we need to make a decision, one way or the other, about Helen. Surely, she's more use as a witness. As soon as she got that key she went straight round there. What would she have done if she'd got in? Was she scared the house would sell when her dad was sent down and somebody would find the body? Was there something she wanted to remove that implicates her? Then she gets there, realises there's nothing she can do. She can't get inside to move any evidence, so she thinks she'd better admit to something, headed the game, concoct a story, damage limitation before somebody does move in and finds...whatever. And look at these two lassies I've got in court right now. 13 and 14 years old, and they both knew damn well what they were doing.Mm. Get back in there with her. Disclose the fact that we found more than one body. Let see how she reacts. Would it surprise you, Helen, if I told you that, earlier today, while excavating the cellar, we found the remains of more than one person? Not our Sheila? Do you think Sheila might be buried down there? At the moment, what we've found are the remains of two young male adults. One of them we're assuming, subject to DNA analysis, is Michael. Correct. The other one, we don't know. So it's not...not Sheila? No, it's not Sheila. - Who is it, then? - We don't know yet. She's a witness. Right. I'm going to speak to the CPS first thing in the morning and suggest to them that it isn't in the public interest to charge Helen Bartlett. Early indications from the site suggest we are looking at more human remains. If that is the case, the workload will go stellar and I'll be bringing in a whole other syndicate to work alongside you. Tomorrow morning, first thing, we will be going into Strangeways and arresting Joe Bevan, so go home, get some sleep. I want you here at 7:00am. Night-night. Two days ago, one of our officers was informed by a member of the public that she had reason to believe that there were human remains buried in a house on Peverall Street, in the Littlewood area of Oldham. I can confirm they are the remains of two young, adult males. During the course of the morning, officers from MMP's Major Incident Team will be going into Strangeways Prison in Manchester to make an arrest. Are you all right? Rachel? My brother's in here. Can you confirm that Joseph Bevan's daughter, Helen Bartlett has been arrested? I'll be making further statements when we have something to tell you. And there will be an opportunity to ask questions at some point later today. Where have they got Helen Bartlett's name from? How do they know we arrested her? I don't know, ma'am. That isn't going to help you when you speak to the CPS. What our... senior investigating officer is prepared to do, Helen, this morning, is to ask the CPS to drop the charges against you. In return, we'd like an account of everything you can remember that ever went on in that house. - OK. - We can't guarantee the CPS will drop the charges. We think they will. If they don't, if they insist on taking you to trial, there are things we can do. We can get it to court quickly. We can ask the judge for leniency in light of you having co-operated. - I want to help. - OK. I... I want to take you back to when you were 15. When we were investigating your mother's death, if you remember, you said you hadn't seen her since you were 15, that you left the house when you were 15. Can you remember what happened that made you leave when you were 15? Yeah. We met Gerry. Gerry McGonagal. They've uncovered a third body, underneath the second one. Denice has just rung. I phoned Mary. She said she can meet you there at Peverall Street in 35 minutes. They've not established a cause of death on the bodies we turned up yesterday, but there are some indications of dismemberment. How'd it go? Fine, except they know we've arrested Helen Bartlett, which Karen had skilfully avoided mentioning. Journalists! I'm standing...where the bodies...have been dug up. We've no idea how many there are. We're hoping... might come forward... - Ma'am, good afternoon. - Rob, it's Gill. We've had a few developments. I thought I'd bring you up to speed. Yeah. We've exposed the other two sites that show disturbance on the GPR and we're looking at the remains of four further bodies. - Yeah. - Seven in total. Professor Jackson's down there now. On initial inspection, she's suggesting they're all young, adult males. Yeah. No. No Sheila. All similar to the others. - Ligatures... - Did she? Evidence of dismemberment. No evidence of clothing. I'm not going to remove the remains to the lab till after dark. We've got increasing numbers of photographers and rubbernecks gathering outside. - OK. - I believe so. Yes. Where are we up to interviewing Joe? Rachel's just gone in with him. DC Bailey's just gone in with him, ma'am. Yes, I have spoken to the CPS regarding Helen. They've asked for a few hours to think things through. Helen Bartlett's being extremely co-operative. But Helen Bartlett's being extremely co-operative. - Apparently. - Good. - Yeah. - I will indeed. Thank you, ma'am. Bye-bye. Perfect! Thank you. Good lad. Ta-ta. Look at me! I am... I'm shaking. I'm sweating. An hour in a cellar with four corpses and I'm cool as a cucumber. 30 seconds on the phone to Karen Zalinski and I'm a nervous wreck. Look at me! What's going on? - You're ridiculous. - Oh, sod off! - Rob says Mitch remembered. - Is it just me? Does she not have this effect on everyone? It's just you. Mitch remembered. Mitch was the exhibits officer - - No, seriously. - Seriously. ..The exhibits officer when Eunice got battered. He remembered during the search we picked up a box of old photos and albums. Course they weren't especially relevant when Eunice died. But now we're trying to identify people connected with this family, should we get someone to go through them, - possibly with Helen? - Yes, definitely. - Good. And - - I'm not accepting it's just me. And Comms have been inundated. People from all over the country have had family go missing in the last four decades. See? This is what I wanted to avoid. You can always rely on the media for a bit of hysteria, can't you? Karen Zalinski's got a PhD in clinical forensic psychology, course she's scary. Thank you! If none of these bodies on the cellar are looking like they're Sheila, and we've already done a pretty detailed search to this building after Eunice died, are you thinking what I'm thinking? We're going to have to tear the place apart. So, Joe, based on information that we received two days ago, we undertook a search in your cellar at Peverall Street. And then we started excavating the floor. Can you tell me what you think we might have found down there? No. OK. When did you move into that house, Joe? Can you remember? 1966. Year we won the World Cup. How old would Michael be then? Mi...? I don't... I don't... Seven, eight. And Sheila? How old would Sheila be? She were born in 19... ..60? Joe, how would you respond if I told you that we'd found human remains in the ground beneath the cellar in your house at Peverall Street? I don't know. You don't know? OK. Well, I have to tell you, Joe, that we have found human remains and, through familial DNA, we've identified that you would appear to be... ..you are, the father of one of the people that we've found buried down there. Do you want to tell me anything about that, Joe? - Are you making this up? - No. Well, who are they? Well, as I say, one of them is one of your children. - Which one? - Michael. Your son, Michael. Michael. We never did know what happened to Michael. So the last time Michael was seen, apparently, you'd had an argument with him. - Do you want to tell me anything about that? - No! I... Who told you that? Our Helen? You know you can't believe a bloody word she says? Can you tell me when you last saw Michael? It were Eunice he argued with. At it all the time. I stayed out of it. Joe... Could you talk me through the last time you saw Michael alive? No! I... I don't remember... specifically. How old would he have been the last time you saw him? 18, 19. Did you ever report him missing to the police? We always thought he'd just cleared off. We didn't think of him as missing. Joe, did you kill Michael? - No. - Do you know who did kill Michael? - No. - Did you bury Michael? - No. - Do you know who did bury Michael in your cellar at your house? Well, I wouldn't put it past our Helen. Or our Julie. Or Eunice. What makes you say that? Well, I know it wasn't me. Would you put it past your Sheila? Yes, yes. I... I don't think she would have done that. Why is that? Why is that, Joe? What was different about your Sheila? Just... She wasn't nasty, same as them. Joe, how would you react if I told you... that Helen told us... that as a 13-year-old... she came home from school early one day, unexpectedly and found you in the cellar with Michael, who was already dead? How would you react to that, Joe? That you told her that you'd had an argument with him and you'd hit him harder than you intended. And you'd smacked his head against a wall in the kitchen and he'd died. What would your response be to that, Joe? She's a lying little bitch. She always was. Yeah! Any road, if that was the case, why did she not come straight to you lot, eh? And tell somebody... then... at the time, eh? She was 13 years old! She had a tongue in her head. Later this afternoon, following the discovery of the four further sets of human remains, the decision was taken to conduct a full forensic search of the entire property. This will be carried out over the next few days. I can confirm a woman who has been helping us with our inquiries was this afternoon released without charge. That'll be her. That'll be Helen. That woman that came round here the other night. My God! So them bodies have been in that house since, like, - before we even moved in here. - Yeah! That's... - Yeah. - Since, like, before we were even born. Can you imagine growing up in a house and there's people buried in the cellar? He must be a right... - ..bastard. - It's understood the human remains unearthed today will be removed from the house later this evening and taken to a pathology lab in the city... I might just pop out and buy the Evening News. ..The onerous task that now lies ahead for the Manchester Metropolitan... How have they got hold of this? How the hell on earth have they got hold of this?! "Helen Bartlett, pictured, who the police have released without charge, "is known to have visited female prostitutes "in the Ardwick Road area of Oldham." How do they know that? Who's told 'em? Her? The prostitute? I don't think so. Someone's leaking information. A case this sensitive, this high profile, and one of this lot's taking backhanders! - Yeah? - Ma'am, you wanted to know when Gerry McGonagal turned up. He's downstairs. DC Broadhurst's going in with him. I'm trying to work out a strategy to prioritise interviewing people who are ringing in with information. We have people from the neighbourhood, teachers who remember the Bevan kids from school. People we should spend time with, but... I'm struggling with the number of officers I've got. We could do with twice as many even now... - You need to use the matrix grid. - Sorry, ma'am. Use Janet. Pick her brains. It's what she's there for. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. I can't imagine anyone on this team would talk to someone in the media. That's how they're going to get away with it - that failure of your imagination. Sorry. I'm... I'm sorry. That wasn't fair. I'm just as disappointed as you are, if it's true. What's a matrix grid? Apparently, I need one. You've kind of been thrown in at the deep end with this one, haven't you? There's a fella been sitting in reception for nearly two hours. Says he lodged at the Bevans' house in the '70s. I haven't got one single officer to take his details. That you should have told me about. That would have been a priority. - What, you're going? - I'll do it. - You want me to do it? - Yeah, yeah! Go! - What's his name? - Philip Cairns, I think. They said they thought he was drunk - the lads on the desk. Shit! Mr. Cairns? Mr. Cairns. I'm Detective Constable Scott. Would you like to come through? - We can have a chat. - Yeah. So, Gerry, we understand that you used to know Julie and Helen Bevan? Well, Helen Bartlett, as she is now. - Bartlett? Did she get married? - No. No, she changed her name. - Yeah, I did know 'em. - How did you meet them? Woolworth's - I used to work there. I caught Julie shoplifting and it were love at first sight. I persuaded the boss to let her off. Said I might have made a mistake. I hadn't. But you know... Anyway, I got her phone number and we started seeing each other. Then one day, she turned up bruised. She said, "It's me dad". He knocked 'em about, both of 'em, and worse. You wouldn't believe the way they lived. Shit hole, and I have seen some shit holes. I wanted to help her. She were better than that. Well... I thought she was. But I guess if you've lived like that for long enough. What do you mean? I found this flat over Burnley and we lived together for 18 months, but... I couldn't cope with her - Julie. She were wild, violent. Drank. Obsessed with... sex. With anyone. That's what I mean. Why wouldn't you be like that growing up the way they had? - Did you know Michael Bevan? - No. Did you ever see him? No, I was always told he'd gone, moved out, cleared off. Who told you that? I don't know. They must have done - Julie and Helen. I don't remember. What about Sheila? They had an older sister. Same. Never saw her. She cleared off. How did they talk about her? Just... They'd mention stuff she'd done, stuff she'd said. She'd rowed with Joe and Eunice and left. That was it. People didn't have mobile phones then, did they? Didn't Facebook or Twitter. They couldn't tell everybody every time they farted, even if they wanted to. So, no, - it was just accepted that she'd gone. - And what about Helen? She moved in with us. This flat in Burnley. Julie wouldn't go without Helen. They looked after each other. They had to. Nobody else did. Helen were... different. I always felt sorry for her. Julie was noisy. She knew how to get by, but Helen was quiet. She had no chance there. She was just as mad as Julie, deep down. Drank, violent... Sex. Inappropriate, you know. But... it took you longer to realise somehow with Helen, with her being so quiet. It weren't their fault. They were nutters, Joe and Eunice. Nasty. Horrible. They lived like pigs. I lodged there. I was a lodger. - He took me in. - Joe? Joe Bevan? He picked me up behind Piccadilly Station. It was a Monday night, dark. I had no money or nowhere to go. 17 years old. He said he'd give me something to eat and a bed for the night in exchange, obviously. - For? - Sex. I did report it at the time, what happened after. What DID happen after? Well, I'd been there a few nights and then... Well, one evening they got me drunk. - Who did? - Him and her. - By "him" and "her" you mean...? - Joe and Eunice. I think, whatever I was drinking, they'd laced it with something, cos when I woke up, I felt like shit. And me arms were tied up. Naked. - Gagged. - What happened? - They used me. - Who did? All of 'em had a go. They'd all come in and watch. Who? In where? All of them, down in the cellar. They all knew it was going on, the little bitches. That one you arrested - Helen, the one you let go - she knew. They all knew. Of course, I assumed I was the only one they'd done it to. Only, now I'm realising, with all this stuff coming out... ..that I was lucky. I was the one that got away. He did report it at the time. It was 1977, January or February. He remembers that it was cold, anyway. He reported it to some tosser in a uniform, who thought that he'd made it up. He doesn't think anyone even went and knocked on Joe Bevan's door, or, if they did, they didn't get back to him. He was sexually tortured over a period of several days. Had the guts to report it afterwards and then we, apparently, did nothing. And Helen and Julie were aware of what was going on? Oh, more than aware. According to him, they joined in. - Under duress? - Well, that's not what he said. I think, from the way he describes it, that they were so inured in the culture of the house that they just... went along with it. But, if they did, then it begs the question did they know about the murders, even, were they involved in them? Certainly, more than Helen's indicated to us that she was. Let's see if we can get hold of his statement... - from 1970... - Seven. Whenever it was. Seven! Let's see exactly what's in it. Hello. Mum, you should go to bed when I'm working this late. Well, I would have, but... we've got a visitor. Helen, what are you doing here? - I didn't know where else to go. - She's been locked out. Louise, she saw the... paper. - It was in the paper. - What was in the paper? - About me. - Helen, you shouldn't be here. How do they know that? You must have told them. The police must... have told them. We wouldn't do that. We'd never release information like that to the press. Someone did. Helen, you can't stay here. I know you have no other family, but... You must have friends, a friend, someone. I was going down the bus station. But they followed me, the reporters. I asked them to leave me alone, but they wouldn't. You should have gone to a police station. Right! You think that's happening! That's where we're going now. Get your things. I'm not going anywhere. I'll contact Witness Protection. We'll try and sort you out a B&B.; - I've got no money. - Get your things. Why don't I just stay here? Just tonight. It's warm. No. It's inappropriate. I'm not going anywhere else. - Where are the girls? - In bed. Will you go upstairs and stay with them. - You think I'm dangerous. - I think you've had a lot to drink. I'm going to find you a B&B.; You don't have to worry about money. Sean! Hello. It's Janet. Sorry to be ringing so late. Can I speak to Rachel? She's not here. Right! She must have gone for a drink with the lads. - Shall I get her to call you? - No, no. I'll try her mobile. - I'm being a nuisance! - You've had a lot to deal with. - Hello. - Rach, can you come round to our house? - Now? Why? I'm in bed. - Are you? Yeah. Helen's at my house. She's got nowhere else to go. I don't want to ring 999. She's had a bit to drink. You couldn't come round and give me a bit of a lift? We need to get her into a B&B.; Fine! Fine. Just give me 15 minutes. Rach, whose bed ARE you in? Helen. Shit! They all underwent some form of dismemberment. Can you explain what you used the cellar for? - I don't mess up interviews. - I'm not saying you did, Rachel. No, I'm saying it! She's trouble, that one. I've told you before. Subtitles by Deluxe Sync: Marocas62 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 