Scott & Bailey: Season 3, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Scott & Bailey 
 s3e5 - Episode #3.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Scott & Bailey (2011–2016): Season 3, Episode 5 - Episode #3.5 - full transcript 
 Seven youths' corpses are found in the Bevans' cellar,Joe denying all knowledge of them and only one of them,other than Michael,being identified. Then the remains of his daughter Sheila are discovered under his bedroom floor-boards. Eventually Joe admits to killing the boys,under pressure from Eunice,but claims to know nothing about Sheila. Helen tells Janet that she and her sister Julie assisted in burying one body but Gill is concerned that,as the press are pursuing Helen,one of her officers leaked her involvement. Rachel is forced to confess to a devastated Sean that she should never have married him and the reappearance of a drunken Sharon does not help but,whilst her personal life may be a mess,her questioning of Joe finally gets results. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 How have they got hold of this? Someone is leaking information. They used me. All of them. Down in the cellar. We are looking at the remains of four further bodies. -I'm not going anywhere. -You couldn't give me a lift, could you? I think we need to get her into a B&B.; -Fine. -Rach, whose bed are you in? Scott & Bailey Season 3 - Episode 05 Subtitles by Deluxe Sync: Marocas62 Number one is Michael. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The others are numbered in the order we unearthed them. So Michael and remains two and three were in grave A, remains four and five were in grave B and remains six and seven were in grave C. So, to reiterate, they all underwent some form of dismemberment. There are remarkably few bones missing. Teeth, nails, small bones, they're all there. Four and five are missing vertebrae from the neck, that's all. Both decapitated, presumably to fit into grave B, which was smaller than the other two. Hacking away at the neck, you're going to dislodge something. The ropes I've put by the wrists, because that's where they were found. The arms were behind the back, presumably tied. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A very unnatural position to be in if they weren't. Similarly, I've put the belts and fragments the knotted cloth next to the heads because that's where they were found. Round the head, under the chin, tied at the top. Presumably to keep their mouths shut. Draw your own conclusions. Some had fallen away since decomposition, but they were close enough to suggest that's what they were used for Are you all right? You know what the forensic archaeologist and Denise said, about how none of them were buried at the same time? -Yeah. -They were all buried separately. Even though they're in the same graves. -Yeah. -We've been blithely talking, like assuming, he filled one grave up and then moved onto the next. It doesn't make sense. You don't dig a grave and leave it open just in case you kill someone else later. Even though you know you are going to kill someone else late, because you're a mad twat, you still tidy up between jobs. You just do, but that isn't everything. If he did... fill each grave, before he moved onto the next, there'd be three in two of the graves and one in the third, wouldn't they?. -Why? -Because you'd fill each one up before you dug a new one. He didn't do that. Two of them weren't full and they were all as deep as each other, so why not? What if... Look, that cellar's tiny, right? He couldn't have dug another grave in there if he wanted to. -It's too small, yeah? -Yeah. So, he rotates. He kills the first victim, he digs a grave. He kills the second victim, he digs a grave. He kills the third victim, he digs a grave. He kills his fourth victim and say, "Shit, where am I going to stick this one?" So, thinking he's buried his victims nice and deep, which he did, he goes back to the first grave, grave A, thinking, "There's room in there". Victim number five, he puts in grave B. Victim number six goes in grave C. Then he gets to Michael, number seven, and he's triple-stacking in grave A. Which would make Michael... the last victim, at least in that cellar. The point is if Michael was buried last, it whittles our timescale down, because we know exactly when Michael was killed, so... We know our victims were killed between March 1966, when the Bevans moved into that house, and June 1977, when Helen helped Joe bury Michael. That would also mean remains three, the one at the bottom of the grave, Michael, grave A, was buried in, was the first victim. Yeah. Yeah. It would. If we could work out the order graves B and C were dug in, we'd know the order they were all buried in and, presumably, the order they were killed in. And grave B was the smallest. Because he had to decapitate them to get them in. Which might suggest that was dug last, because he'd left himself not so much room. The whole thing is speculative bollocks, of course. Now all we still have to do is find out who they all are. Damn. Can you? Denise, hi. It's Gill. She's driving. Do you want her? -I can. I'll tell her. -What? They've found human remains under the floorboards in Eunice and Joe's bedroom. So, I want to talk to you about the cellar again, Joe. I know I've asked you this question before, but I'm going to ask you again. Can you explain to me what you used the cellar for? Nothing. Like I said, Eunice used to potter about down there. And the kids went down there to muck about, from time to time. I had no reason to go down there myself. Do you recognise this key, Joe? No. That is the key, the only key that we've found in your house, that opens the lock on the door into the cellar. So, can you explain to me, Joe, if you've never been in the cellar, why that key has got your fingerprints on it? Well, I could have picked it up. I could have touched it without knowing what it was for. Can you explain to me, Joe, if you've never been in the cellar, why your fingerprints are on the inside of the cellar door? Right, right, right. Well, I say I've never been in. I have been in there. I mean, I never went down there regularly. For any purpose. Can you explain to me, Joe, if that's the case, why your fingerprints are on both bolts on the inside of the cellar door? I've never... They're not. I don't know. I have not been down in that cellar, not for years. Well, fingerprints hang around for a long time, Joe, if nobody wipes them off. You'd be surprised. So can you explain to me why you were locking yourself in the cellar, however many years ago it was, the last time that you did it? Joe, why were you locking yourself in the cellar? -I'm not saying I was. -No, Joe, I am. I'm saying that you were locking yourself in the cellar, because why else would your fingerprints be on both bolts? How could you have been doing anything other than locking yourself in the cellar? Joe? We also found, as I've explained to you before, in the cellar, a mattress, a double-sized mattress. I've shown you a picture of this mattress before. I'm going to show it to you again now. You said that you didn't recognise it. Do you still not recognise it, now you've had time to think about it? Joe, can you explain to me, if you don't recognise it... ..why it's got traces of your semen all over it? Joe? Well... What? I might have... You might have what, Joe? Locked myself in there... to have... You know. Now and again. -On the mattress? -Yeah. OK. So, you locked yourself in the cellar to... go and masturbate on this mattress? -Is that what you're telling me? -Yeah. OK, Joe. You'll appreciate, given the nature of what we found buried in the cellar, that everything found in there has been sent for every kind of forensic analysis we have available to us and when this mattress was analysed, not only did we find your DNA in the semen, we also found traces of blood on this mattress. So, can you explain to me, Joe, how the DNA from the blood traces that were found on this mattress match exactly the DNA of four of the seven young male adults that we found buried under your cellar floor? She's good, isn't she? Well, she's trained. Joe, can you explain that to me? No. We got lucky with those stains. A cold, dry cellar. You don't get one of them every day. The head and the hands are missing. The body was rolled in a carpet and wedged, very wedged, sideways, between the joists. We'll have confirmation from the lab tomorrow, but the remains, such as they are, are those of a young female adult. -Sheila. -Well, we'll see. -Phil Cairns' statement? -Still ploughing through the files. in the basement at HQ. -Just you? -Me and Becky. Can we assign one more officer to look for these documents? If this statement is gone with the wind, I want to know sooner rather than later. Sure. We have had a bit of luck this afternoon, ma'am. Now we're thinking we've narrowed down the timescale. Stephen Norgrove, 17 years old, reported missing October, 1974. Way up on our grid of possibles. We had South Yorks Police visit his mother, she's in Sheffield, to take oral swabs, which they've now done. But, what she also said, was the last time she spoke to her son was on the phone. He'd gone to Manchester looking for work and rang asking could she send him some money. The address he gave to send the postal order to and she's 100%, it was the last time she spoke to him, was in Peveril Street. Like he was lodging there. -Have we fast-tracked the swab?Yeah. -We should have something tomorrow. -Have we got his MFH file? -There isn't one. His name came to us from the Missing Persons Helpline. We've now traced and swabbed for DNA or we're in the process of doing, the parents or siblings of 211 possibles, on the new shorter grid, out of 467. And still no matches? Do we need to inform the next of kin that it's Sheila? I mean, flag it up that it's likely to be her? -Helen? -God, yes, of course. Who is...? Can you, Janet? Is she... Is... Where did Witness Protection put her? They didn't. I did. She's at the Plaza Inn in Chadderton. We're paying for it. Well, you are. -The investigation is. -Good. And Joe. Let's wait for definite confirmation of her ID. We'll tell him tomorrow, before you carry on interviewing him, Rachel. Good. Thank you. Night night. Off you go. I know it doesn't always feel like we're moving forward, but, believe me, we are, you're all marvellous. Except the little death-wish tosser who's been talking to the lovely journalists. Nice interview, by the way. Yeah? It'll be nicer when he coughs. I was waiting for you to ask him why he... What? Why he what? Why he wanked on his mattress. -Shut up! -That's attractive, Joe. But why? No, really, why would you? To make it smell better? Or because you'd mistaken it for a toilet or a tissue? -I'm not discussing it. -He really hadn't thought it through. Well, I hadn't. I mean... You're right. Why would you? Well, you wouldn't. I mean, we wouldn't. Obviously, because we're ladies. -Yeah, and we don't wank. -We don't fart. We don't get drunk and we don't swear. -Have you rung Sean? -Piss off. No. No. I'm not prying. You do what you like. But four nights? He must think something, four nights, -and you don't go home. -He doesn't own me. I want him to realise that and, when he does, he might... bugger off. Sorry... Am I all right sleeping round at your house tonight again? Yes. I rang her twice earlier and I texted her, but I've heard nothing back. Helen? No. I appreciate that. Thank you. Sorry to wake you... She's not back at Louise's. She's definitely not checked out. -And you've not seen her? -No. But I've only been on since seven. We're police officers. You couldn't let us into her room? Thank you. Helen? Helen... -Shit. Rach. -Helen? Helen? Helen, can you hear me? -Helen, it's Rachel and Janet. -Ambulance. -Plaza Inn, Chadderton. -Helen? I'm an off-duty police officer, Janet Scott. -Janet Scott. -Can you hear me? Address: 20, Clough Road, Oldham. OL5 9JK. Yeah, I've got a lady. She's unconscious. -She's taken an overdose. -Shit. Shit. -Hello. -Hi, it's me. Where are you? I had to bring somebody into hospital, a witness, an overdose. So, I'm just ringing to say I may as well stay at Janet's again tonight. She's here, as well. God knows what time we're going to be here till. Why are you stopping at Janet's? Because it's... It's just easier. Janet's house is ten minutes, a quarter of an hour max, from our house. You don't know how knackered I get on a big inquiry and - -I need to talk to you. -What's it about? Us. This. Whatever's going on. Because... I'm... I'm struggling here, Rachel. You'd rather be sleeping in a sleeping bag in the sitting room. Then you're sleeping over at your... friend's for four days. OK. Right. We'll talk tomorrow. Right. Not on the phone. -I want you here. -Right. Of course. -I want to know what's up. -Nothing's up. I'm just... I'm... I'm just not used to... Oh, God. It's fine, it's fine. Everything is going to be fine. I'm just a bugger to live with. I know that doesn't make it any easier. I know I'm shit. I want to know what time you're gonna be here. I can't give you a specific time. I want to know. Well, it depends on what time Godzilla lets us go. So I'll text you. I'll let you know what a likely time is likely to be. All right? Why don't you just come home tonight? After you've finished doing whatever it is you're doing there. Eh? Yeah. All right. Fine. I'll be waiting. I've got to go, Sean. Someone has just turned up. Hi, Louise. Thanks for coming. Is she going to be all right? I don't think she was messing about. She's through there. My colleague, Janet, she's with her. She is conscious. They're doing some blood tests to assess if there's any long-term damage to the liver. They know what they're doing. She's in good hands. Alleluia! Nice to see you. -Whatever. -Nice of you to pop in. Do you want to have this conversation or shall I just walk out again? How's your witness? -She's gonna be fine. -I've not seen you... for four, five days. All I've had is shitty, stupid texts. "I've had too much to drink. I'm stopping at Janet's." For four nights? Basically... I'd like to know what's going on. OK. The thing is... This isn't working. And this isn't your fault. This is... It's mine, it's my fault, it's all my fault, I'm prepared to accept that. I'm not... It's not... I mean, it's me. It's all me. I'm nuts. I'm impossible. I just... I can't live like this. I love you to bits. Sean, you're brilliant, you're great. You're the nicest man in the world, but I just can't do this. 24/7. I thought I could, but I can't. No. No, I didn't think I could, I didn't... I didn't think about it. Which I think is... is... I can't do this. What... specifically... is it... you can't do? I want to be on my own. -So then what happened? -Well, he was upset, obviously. Then he said, "Why would you want to do that to me?" This isn't about you. -It is about me! -It's not. I'm here! I'm part of whatever's going on inside your stupid brain! Because whatever you do affects me! I've messed up. I'm sorry. I should have... I'm a mess. You deserve better. We've only been married five minutes. It's not your fault. I just don't get what's going on inside your head. I just... ..can't do this. I... I gave up my flat. You're... What were you thinking walking down the aisle, saying the vows? Nothing. All the money we've spent. Eh? -I screwed up. -You've screwed up. So... w... what do I do now? I don't know. Anything you like. What do you expect me to do now? Did you just say anything I like? I don't even know what this is about, Rachel. I need my flat back. I'm sorry? You want me to move out? Well, I - Are you serious? Are you serious? I'm not going anywhere. All right. What are you doing? Where are you going? Where are you going? It's the middle of the night! You're mad. You are mad! You do know that, don't you? You mad bitch! Gosh. Well. Blimey. -Shall I go and brush my teeth? -Yeah. She's trouble, that one, I've told you before, and we haven't got room. It'll resolve itself. Morning. -What's that reckoned to be? -Rachel. She smokes like this. Does she? Ma'am, DC Broadhurst just called from DHQ. They've found it. Phil Cairns' statement from 1977. And the documents from the subsequent inquiry. -Yes! -It's interesting, though. It's dated July 1977, so... He didn't report it for seven months. Have I got a driver outside? Ring me as soon as you get that file. I can confirm that yesterday the remains of a teenage girl were found in the property. And that, this morning, we have identified them as the remains of Sheila Anne Bevan, the eldest daughter of Joseph and Eunice Bevan. I can also confirm that we have now been able to identify one of the young adult males found buried in the cellar, as Stephen James Norgrove, who was 17 years old and came from the Attercliffe area of Sheffield. Thank you. Is it true that Helen Bartlett was in hospital last night and that she'd taken an overdose? Find out which news organisation he's with. There will be a further bulletin later on today. Thank you. They're fascinated with Helen, aren't they? They want blood. Normally, all they want to know is if we're any nearer charging anyone. -I am - -I don't doubt for a second you're doing your best, Julie, but you've got enough to worry about. I've tasked Professional Standards to find out who this mole is. No-one on your team will even know it's happening. Hiya. Tell you what, this file with Phil Cairns' statement -in it isa museum piece. -Yeah. Well, it will be. It's shameful, it's appalling. They... we... visited the house, they had a look in the cellar. They asked a few questions. They "found nothing". That's it. He was treated like some sort of deluded sexually-deviant teenage time-waster. -That's going to have repercussions. -Yeah. But does it implicate Joe Bevan? God, yeah, and Eunice. Very much so. -What about Helen? -Well... That's interesting. -How did she die? -It's impossible to tell. -Was it them? -We don't know. We've yet to link Joe, forensically, either with Sheila's death or with the bodies that were buried in the cellar, but - We have no reason to think it was anyone else, at the moment. Those two girls got convicted. Who had pushed that old woman into the canal in the wheelie bin. -Yeah. -13 and 14 years old. People think I know things. I didn't. I had no idea. Apart from Michael. We've had a few nasty phone calls and... a parcel through the door. We do need to ask you some more questions, Helen, when you feel able. Down at Oldham. Can you not ask them here? It's an interview we'd need to record. Ma'am, Stephen Norgrove's mother and brother are downstairs with the FLO. They've just been shown into the family room. Thanks. You don't recognise him? His name is Stephen Norgrove. Steve? Steve Norgrove. Does that ring any bells? He stayed at your house in 1974. He was 17 years old. We know he was at your house because his mother sent him a postal order to your address. People came and went. It's a long time since. I want you to look carefully. Think about it. We also know he was at your house at some stage, because we found his body buried in your cellar. I'd like to see him. What you need to understand, Irene, is that what we found are remains. I saw Stephen yesterday morning and... We say remains, rather than a body, when we've... essentially, we've found a skeleton. I know that, love. I still want to see him. Of course you do. I'm showing you another photograph now, Joe. Do you recognise this lad? This photograph was taken in 1976. His name is Phil Cairns. Does that mean anything to you? Philip Cairns? Well, Mr. Cairns came in to see us a few days ago. He says you do know him. Do you remember meeting him one evening near Piccadilly station? It was cold, it was January, there was snow on the ground. It was 1977. Do you remember inviting him back to your house? He had no money, nowhere to go and you offered him a bed for a night and a bite to eat. Do you remember that? How would you respond, Joe, if I told you that Mr. Cairns, five days ago, came in here and told us that you and your wife tied him up, fastened a belt round his head, gagged him, stripped him naked and sexually assaulted him over a period of several days? -He's a liar. -I'm sorry? He's a liar. Are you all right, Joe? Has something upset you? What is it, Joe, that's upset you? Perhaps we should take a break. No. I'd like to know what has upset Joe. He's elderly, he's tired, he's ill, he's upset about Sheila. I think he needs to take a break. Yeah. Sure. -You should have pushed him. -Yeah. -I'm not criticising you. -No. I know. You're right. It's your call. Essentially, we've got him. We haven't got him. It's all circumstantial, even the mattress. We've got two eyewitness statements. -It's fine. -From 40 years ago. We've got a pisshead and a flake. No. It isn't fine. -I'm sorry. I shouldn't -Look, I'm having a bad time with Sean. -Right. -So I don't mess up interviews. -I'm not saying you did, Rachel. -No, I am. I'm saying it. You know, that wasn't an excuse. About Sean. I just... I just thought I'd mention it. OK. There are discrepancies. It's not clear to me, from that statement, that he's implicating anyone other than Joe and Eunice. He implicated Helen so unequivocally when you interviewed him, he even named her, but he could have got that from a newspaper. Here, it's vague. He mentions hearing children's voices. Once. Not even necessarily in the same room. He didn't see them. How could he? He was blindfolded. -He's misremembered it. -She's coming in, Helen. -She's following us on. -Good. A fascinating bit about how he escaped. Let's see what she has to say, both about what's in here and what Phil Cairns told us four days ago. Rachel needs a copy of all this, as well. How's it going? I'm just giving him half an hour. He got very upset when we kicked off by arresting him for Sheila's murder. -Kind of went downhill from there. -Upset? -He's a psychopath. Get over it. -Yeah, I know. I just... -It seemed appropriate. -Your call. Phil Cairns' statement, will you make her a copy? Sure. Any developments? He's pranged his patrol car. He texted me. Cos, obviously, that's my fault. Telepathic kinesis. Is there no end to your talents? You're missing the action, kids. DNA match on two more bodies. Oh, Helen Bartlett and her mousey little girlfriend have turned up. I think I'd be bothering with prostitutes and overdosing if I had to sleep with that every night. Joke. Dodson's looking for you. Joe Bevan's solicitor is asking to speak to the Senior Investigating Officer. -No, that's me. -Yes, I know, ma'am, I was just... Do you know what it's about? No. I'm Julie Dodson. This is DCI Murray. Superintendent. My client has indicated he wants to confess to the murders of the boys, men, you found buried in the cellar. He's written down what he believes are the names of the five remaining victims you discovered down there. He also wants to make it clear, however, that he did not kill Sheila, his daughter. He knows nothing about what happened to her. And that he was coerced and brainwashed into committing the crimes by his wife, Eunice. Is he prepared to make a statement -to DC Bailey? -Yes. -Now? -Yes. He's called Phil Cairns. Philip Cairns. You'd have been twelve at the time that he visited your house in Peveril Street, in the January of 1977. OK. He was homeless. He had no money. Joe, your dad, picked him up near Piccadilly station and offered him food and shelter at your house. Was that normal at your house? People... lads... came and went. I don't remember any of their names. I told you, they never stayed long and I never bothered with them. How would you react, Helen, if I told you that Phil is telling us, and this is partially corroborated by a statement that he made to the police shortly after the event, that he was plied with drink by your parents and, when he woke up, he'd been stripped naked, bound and gagged, and was sexually assaulted over several days in a darkened room and, during that time, he heard children's voices? There was an incident. Go on. People... came there. We knew that. For sex. There was always people. People paid for all sorts of stuff, all the time. But, yeah. It could have been him. What could? One night... Right? ..we were in bed. And... Julie said, "There's something in the cellar". And I... We were kids. It could have been when you said. Anyway she said... .."It's making noises". She wanted to go and see. I didn't. She'd found out where he kept the key. My dad... He didn't know we knew. It was in a tin. On a shelf, under the sink, in the kitchen. We weren't allowed down there. Ever. Anyway, they were both drunk. Pissed up to their eyeballs. Crashed out in the sitting room. We got this key. And we went down... into the cellar. We heard him... whimpering. It was a man. Like an animal. It was... No clothes on. We knew they did... bloody weird stuff, but this was... He was... dirty, like he'd been there... We ran back upstairs. But we couldn't sleep, it was... And then... a bit later... She went and got a knife. Out of the kitchen. Julie. And we went back down there. I stood on the stairs. The cellar stairs. I was frightened, I couldn't go any further. I was frightened my dad would find us and lock us in with him. She cut the rope. Julie. The rope that was tying his hands behind his back and his legs... were tied, too, but then he started... flailing around, trying to get this thing off his face. And... We ran. We ran. We ran back upstairs. I... dropped the torch. We left the door open, because we wanted him to run, too. Was that him? That would tie in with his description of how he managed to get away. Yes. Is that... ..what he did to the ones you've found buried? There is some evidence that's what happened. Oh, my God. But not Michael? That wasn't... That was an accident. I'm afraid there's evidence that is what happened to Michael and... that it wasn't an accident. Oh, God. The bastard. I didn't know he'd done that to other people. What about Sheila? Of course the most shocking thing is not what they saw, it's the fact that they saw it. She might be adamant that she had no idea other people were buried down there. Even if we've got no evidence to contradict that, the fact remains that, as an adult, she knew someone had been imprisoned and sexually tortured down there and that her brother had been killed and buried down there. As an adult, anyone in their right mind, must realise they have an obligation to tell the police. -Not legally. -Morally. Yeah, well, that's not our bag, is it? No-one else died after Michael. We don't know that. All we know is no-one else was buried in the cellar. That's not the point, anyway. If she'd said something sooner, Irene Norgrove and all these other parents, the ones that still alive, people you're going to have some pretty distressing conversations with, would have been able to move on by now, years ago. But the fact also remains that she did come forward. Eventually. Voluntarily. Selflessly. And actually, look what's happened to her since she did. People want blood. They've put shit through her door. Do you think he did murder other people? It's odd for someone like that to just stop. -Rob! -Ma'am? Briefing room, please, ten minutes. We've all earned a decent night's sleep after this breakthrough. Still going to ask the CPS to drop the unlawful burial charges against Helen? They won't. I've had the conversation. The only thing I can do is fast-track it and ask for leniency. I'm not convinced he didn't murder Sheila. I don't think any of us are. Are we? -He's playing games. -Well, yeah, of course he is, he's a psychopath. So, essentially, he's blaming Eunice for everything. I did remind him that, initially, he blamed Eunice and Helen and Julie for Michael's death. But... Well, this is what we're wondering. He knows we've got irrefutable forensic evidence against him on Eunice, right. So, if he can blame Eunice for everything, coercing him, forcing him, brainwashing him, whatever, into doing things, then, A, he can claim diminished responsibility for murdering the seven boys in the cellar and, B, he can claim the same when he goes to court for murdering Eunice. He can claim he ended the life of this woman who bullied him for years, this woman who was evil enough to murder her own daughter. Who would believe him? -A jury. -A doddery little old man. A bleeding-hearts-brigade jury. We've got to wait for something from the lab on Sheila. What if there isn't anything? Right! Well done. There's a drink waiting for everyone over the road. -What do you want? -Lager? No. Bitter. Two bitters. Rachel! This had better be good. Bringing my bloody mother? I didn't bring her. She was here. -I didn't want her here. -You just turned up -and she was already here? -Yeah. I don't believe you. Well, whatever, it's irrelevant. I'm not stopping. I just wanted to say... I know you're mad. You are mad, but... Look, I'm not prepared to accept that this can possibly have gone so wrong so quickly, because it hasn't. It's all in your head. You're feeling trapped and you don't need to. And when you realise that... ..then you know where I'll be. Just... call me. -Evening, cowboy. -What...? -What are you doing here? -Nothing. I was just... Well, I pop in now and again. It's the only time I get to see... -Fanny Alice. -Yeah. Is it? -What are you drinking? -No, no, I'm fine. You couldn't lend me a few quid, could you? -How do you mean? -For a drink. Say... -40 quid? -40 quid? For a taxi. You know. -Later. -Well, I would, but - Hey, do you remember that night? Yeah. God, that bitch of a son of a bitch of a policewoman! She's just standing just over there. So if you could just see your way to lending me a few bob, then, Pete... I'll... hit the road. Right. Right. There's 30 quid. That's all I've got on me. Ta. How are you keeping, anyway? Yeah, good. Right. Well, I'll be loving you and leaving you, then. Yeah. Come to Daddy, you little sod. Do you want a lift home? Hello, love! I'm driving you home. She's got him! We got him. -She got him. -What? -Just now. -What's up. It was poetry. You could not have invented it. -Just one of those moments. -Where's Mrs. Dodson? -What happened? -We've got him. She's with Karen Zalinski. -He did that thing. -What thing? That stupid thing. It's a mystery to me how she could have done that. Butchered her own daughter. I said, "How do you mean, Joe, butchered?" And he said, "Cutting her head off." So, I said, "Well, I never told you "that anyone cut her head off, Joe." And then that look, that thing that goes across their eyes. When they realise they've just put their foot right in it and you've got them and they know they're going down forever. That's when he called me... It rhymes with stunt, runt, brunt. Let this be a lesson to you all. Psychopaths, clever, but never as bloody clever as they like to think they are. -Well done, kid. -I did nothing. I was in the right place at the right time. Which makes a change. What's odd is that he ever stopped. Or appeared to. That's what we couldn't work out yesterday. -No. It's not that odd. -No, it is. Psychopaths. They just carry on pushing the envelope, taking risks. That's generally how they end up making a mistake. They get complacent. -Who have you been having that conversation with? -Dodson. Gill. Pete. -What? -He was beaten up in October 1977, like really badly. I read his medical records. God, I'm amazed that nobody else has. He was hospitalised. Fractured skull, fractured pelvis, a broken arm, broken nose, mashed-up scrotum. I mean, someone kicked the shit out of him - literally. I'd like to think it was Phil Cairns. Only I don't want to embarrass him by asking him. You're so clever, aren't you? I'm telling you, you'll be calling me ma'am one day. You're going to have to pass your sergeant's exams first, though, eh. -You're so funny, Janet. -Yep. I tell you what, I'm not looking forward to this. Hello. Louise, it's Janet and Rachel from the MMP. Can we come in? Helen. -How are you feeling? -I'm all right. Do you want to sit down? Why? I'm sorry to have to tell you that you are being formally charged with preventing a lawful burial. But... No. Hang on. We had an understanding. -We had a deal. -I know. I'm sorry. We did what we could. I did explain that we couldn't make any guarantees. It's a decision that's been taken over our heads. -Do you want to get your coat? -Fuck you. No. I mean, really. -Fuck you! -Helen! Helen! OK. Nasty little bitch. I just don't believe that anyone would set out to harm an elderly person. Do you know anything about this? I did not send that. People are dying in there, because that woman is a profit-obsessed bitch. It's a murder inquiry. Get everyone back to base. Subtitles by Deluxe Sync: Marocas62 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 