Scott & Bailey: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Scott & Bailey 
 s1e5 - Episode #1.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Scott & Bailey (2011–2016): Season 1, Episode 5 - Episode #1.5 - full transcript 
 After Lynne Stott's body is found wrapped in bin bags on a building site the details lead Janet to believe that she is another victim of the serial killer who murdered Veronica nearly forty... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This script was created by decoding a tv teletext stream to build coloured subtitles You said there was nobody else. Say he is married,presumably he's got another address. I could PNC his vehicle. You played silly buggers with the wrong woman. I'd work so hard to make you happy, if you'd give me the chance - you and the girls. Veronica Hastings - she was only six. She turned up dead. Is that what you wanted to ask me, if we could reopen it? Yeah. This Tom Walters reckons that whoever killed Veronica has gone on and committed other murders. I made copies ofeverything connected to the case. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Can't interest you in another, then? I said I'd be getting back.   Just off, then, were you? Is it true that you said to him  as he was being locked up, 'Sweet dreams, pretty boy'? No. (I just perjured myself. I just lied in court.) You want scene experience, get yourself kitted up. Gill! Sean. Three kids found it, bunking off school, 40 minutes since. It? The site belongs to Hollinwood Construction. They ran out of cash six months ago, and the place has been deserted since. Good morning. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Morning. All right, mate? Right, come on, you. You're the SIO. What's your first three thoughts? Is this the scene of a murder or just a dump site? The fact that the body's in bin bags is a bit of a clue. Was it dumped from a car or on foot? Look for access points. Did he carry it here or drag it here? If he's carried it here, he's a big bloke OR there's more than one of him. Never underestimate the weight of a dead body, however slight. Next, opportunities. Lines of sight - CCTV, houses, flats, trains, buses, trams. Who saw something? Hello, it's DCI Murray, MIT. I want the duty pathologist at Godfrey Road, Middleton. Well, at the minute all I can tell you is it's dead, it's human and it's wrapped up in bin bags. This morning when you and Gillwere waiting to go in wi' the CPS,and I went to get the coffees... Don't I know you? Bolton Crown Court. Three years ago. I was on t'jury. You were giving evidence. It was an armed robbery,  seriously well organised. It went on for two months, cos  there were so many people involved. Seven defendants, seven lead barristers, seven juniors, and that's without the CPS. And they all got sent down, all except one. Oh, God, do you remember that barrister? Er, Nick Savage? Yeah. He were a bit of a one. Was he?(I had a fling with him.) Next! Er, yeah, cappuccino, please. So, do you work round here?  McHains. Insurance. Yeah, that's up on...  Peter Street, yeah. So you had a fling with him   while the trial was on? Oh, and after. Whirlwind. Mm, that voice. He took her to his flat, definitely, while the trial was on. I got her to repeat it. She didn't  have a clue how bad that was. They saw each other for a couple   of months after the trial finished. Then guess what - she found out he was married. Still, what were you again? At the trial. I remember you standing in t'witness box, but... CID. And his client got off?  Carl Norris. No! Oh, he was the big bollocks behind the whole thing. Everyone else got sent down,   but they couldn't touch him. Blonde. Natural. I want you to get hold of all... I could so get Nick with this. Yeah. You could. He'd get sent down. He'd never work again. But before you do, you want to think about it very carefully. Do I? Why? Then any CCTV we can get hold of. If you blow the whistle on him,  he'll be so thoroughly investigated, he won't know what's hit him,  and the first thing that'll emerge is that you PNC'd his car   however many months ago for no legitimate reason whatsoever. So how will you explain that one,Sherlock? And that's before he gets vindictive and starts highlighting  other areas of your behaviour which have fallen  slightly shy of professional. Perjury. Which he can't prove, but... Improper disclosure of information - 'Sweet dreams, pretty boy,' -to name but two. No. I'm sorry, Rache, he's got you by the wire wool as far as shopping him or nailing the delectable Carl   Norris to the post is concerned. Janet! Boss. See if those kiddies' parents are due any time soon, so we can get out of here. We'll statement 'em tomorrow. 20 past 12. Please, God, tell me that tent's on its way. Mr Docherty! Good afternoon. DCI Murray, MIT. I'm at the job on your division. I'm just ringing you with an update. I don't anticipate being able to move the body before this evening. I'll let you know the cause of death first thing, unless you want me ringing you in the small hours. (CAR ALARM BEEPS) (ANSWERPHONE BEEPS) 'You have two new messages. Message one.'  'Hi, Rache, it's only me. Give us a ring. If you're around at the weekend, we might take the little 'uns to...' (BEEP) 'Message two.' (BEEP) 'Hello. Rachel. It's...it's Nick. I was wondering if you could...er... ring me when you can. Yeah. If you would. Thanks. Bye.' (BEEP) GILL: We're waiting for dental   records, but general appearance - height, love-heart tattoo   on the left shoulder - we're confident our victim is Lynn Stott. 46 years old. Address - 137 Bernard Road, Milnrow. She was reported missing 15 days agoby her daughter, Caitlin. She worked as a packer for a mail-order warehouse in Royton, Aspinalls. She lived on her own,  and she was recently widowed. The last known phone call   was from Caitlin, three days before  she was reported missing, 7:20 in the evening, Friday evening. Caitlin rang her work on the Monday   to see if she'd turned up for work. She had compression marks  on her ribs, indicating she died from a heavy   amount of pressure on her chest. So she asphyxiated, or - according  to the pathologist's report - cause of death - vagal inhibition. The time of death, the pathologist  is telling me, is two weeks ago, which I could've told him myself... Hollinwood Construction. I wanteverybody that's ever worked theretraced, interviewed, eliminated. I want all the druggieswho've ever set foot in the place... We're getting all the CCTV from the area. I want a full picture   of her private life. Husbands, ex-husbands,  girlfriends, boyfriends, anyone she was involved with,  anyone who had a thing about her, anyone who'd had an argument with her. I want her mobile phone   and any home computers. What we're looking to do initially is create a time line. Exactly where she disappeared from. Who last saw her alive. When her body was put into   that building site. Definitely Lynn Stott.   Lynn Stott. Vagal inhibition. Veronica Hastings. Uh-huh. What? I'm just saying. Blonde hair. 46 years old. It's a nice ideawith just the one screaming flaw. What? If Tom Walters' theory's right  - if his theory is right, and all of these murders  are linked to Veronica - we know that the offender doesn't  dump on the same doorstep twice. Unless he's come home to sunny Manchester, back to where it all started, completing the circle. You're wasted here.You should be in Quanticowith the Behavioural Analysis Unit. Yeah, you said it, baby.   Think horse, not zebra. You what? When in the jungle. Shall we trot along themore traditional lines of inquiry before we waltz off  down the more exotic ones? If you like. (MOBILE RINGS) JANET: Caitlin, did your mother  have a dispute with anyone? I don't know anybody she'd fallen out with or argued with or anything. And do you know of any relationships  your mum may have had since your dad died? Anybody showing any unwanted  interest, anything of that nature? She'd have said. Moving forward now to that Friday evening whenyou spoke to her on the phone... I know it's tough, Caitlin.  If you want a break, just say so. (SOBS) I'm fine. During that conversation, according to what you told the officer when you reported her missing, she told you that she was going swimming, yes? And then she was gonna ring after, if she felt like going for a drink, cos... that's what we'd normally do. Except for the last four or five weeks, she's not been that bothered. So I didn't think nowt of it when she didn't ring. And she goes to Chadderton? She likes that new big pool they've got, so... On her own? Yeah. Yeah, and she must have gone, cos when we let ourselves in the house on the Sunday, when I were starting to get a bit bothered, her bag were next to the washing machine with all her wet stuff in it. And I've thought that were odd since cos she has this thing about sticking it straight in the machine the second she gets in. (SOBS) So she gets home from the baths. On her own, or has she picked someone up? Either way, before she puts her costume in the machine,somebody's stopped her doing it, in which case the house  is probably the crime scene. Tell me we've still got security   on that address. Course we have. Can you get me the CSM here in  15 minutes and the exhibits officer? Tell me about this lad, the husband. We picked up a vibe that things weren't necessarily as cosy as they looked. Has he got an alibi? I've got the action to TIE him. Ma'am.Turns out Lynn's been moonlighting. She's been working for a chat-line,  based in t'city centre - Shagaholics Anonymous. There's a fella downstairs asking for you What fella? 5'4", ginger, mid-forties. Beard. Smells of turpentine. Looks like he's got part of one ear missing. Name? Sounded double Dutch to me. Jesus. Rachel. I've been ringing you. I've been ignoring you. Can I talk to you? Yeah. But not here. Just one glass? Damn. You knowI like to sink it by the vat load. I can get a bottle.  What do you want? You spoke to Martine Cooper yesterday in Manchester. Erm...she rang me. I haven't seen her for...well, since then. But she's aware that she may have said something compromising. So... Compromising to who? Not her. She works in insurance. Well, no. To me, obviously. Just in the interests of clarity,  was I one in a long string of...? No. Not that I give a monkey's,  obviously. Obviously. You don't expect me   to believe that, do you? There may have been...er...a few. How many? One or two. How many? Six, but the point is that you know and I know that you can cause me a lot of problems with this information. And I know now that with you I bit off more than I could ever chew. And, look, I am aware that you owe me nothing. And that it's in your power to destroy me. And I'm asking you not to. I rang your wife   and I apologised to her and I said,'I didn't know that he was married and I certainly didn't know   that he had children.' I can't sleep, I can't think. I need to know what your intentions are. We told this girl today that  her mother had turned up in bin bags and that she couldn't see her -her own mother - because rats, not that I mind them  cos they're just doing their job, have eaten her face. You're right, I owe you nothing. I owe you less than nothing. And if I don't shop you, it will only be because I just can't be arsed. I can live with that, if you mean it. Right, well, there you go, then. Can I trust you?   Who knows? Look, I'm sorry that I hurt you and I'm sorry I evicted you from the flat like that when you were... Yeah, I'm made of sterner stuff. It takes more than that   to throw me off kilter. Six of one and half a dozen of the other. What is? You and me. Oh, you think?I should've appreciated you more. I'm sorry that I didn't. You're clever. Did you think I was a knob-head? No, I don't think I ever thought that. Cos Martine Cooper, she strikes me  as being pretty lightweight. Yeah, well, you're certainly not her. Was she unhygienic as well? Rachel, I never said that. Rachel, erm... This isn't a threat at all. Please don't go away and think it because it really isn't. What? I accept what you said and that you're not inclined to blow the whistle on me, which I am VERY grateful for. I just wanted to say that if at any point you change your mind, just remember it isn't just me for whom the shit will hit the fan. It'll be Carl Norris too. And you don't want that man on your back, Rachel. You really don't. I know what he's capable of. I'm an officer with the Manchester Met Police. My gang's bigger than   Carl Norris's gang. If you think I'm frightened of that little bastard,you've got another thing coming. Good. I'm glad that's how you feel. I didn't want you to be unaware, that's all. (Are you all right, boss?) Five weeks, zilch. So guess what. They're bringing the review team in. Headed by... guess who. Her ex, Dave Murray. He's acting head of the review team because Mandy Saunders   is on maternity. Chief Superintendent Dave Murray? (Is he her ex?) He once made a very vivid proposition to me at a Christmas party when I was working in the sex crimes unit. You and everyone else in a skirt. I hope you didn't. Although I've got to admit, he was unusually... Charm the birds   out of the trees, which he frequently did. The only person that didn't know   what a shag-arse he was was Gill, until he told her that he'd got a 23-year-old uniform from Pendlebury up the duff and   he was gonna go and live with her. At which point it emerged that he'd been at it behind her back for years with all and sundry. Odd, isn't it? That she's the one  left feeling humiliated. Why have you never told me this before? I thought everyone knew. We know a huge amount and, at the same time, we're no closer to the killer now  than we were five weeks ago. What we do know, broadly... Andy, do you want to...? Whoever killed Lynn was waiting for her, probably outside the house cos there's no signs of forced entry, and we found no evidence that any keys were copied. We think it's someone she's let in because she recognises and trusts him. There's evidence of a scuffle in the sitting room, which is where we believe she was asphyxiated. He then put Lynn's bodyin her own car, and droveto the building site in Middleton. We've got eight separate CCTV sightings of the vehicle with him in it. That's the best image, enhanced. No CCTV from the building site, suggesting he'd recced the place   or certainly was familiar with it. He deposits the body   at approximately 4:20am and returns the car -   more sketchy CCTV - to Lynn's street. Returns the keys into the house,  into the handbag. The point is it's an odd mixture. It seems opportunistic   on the one hand cos he's using stuff from the houseto wrap the body. On the other, he's conducted the rest likeit's a carefully premeditated plan. Our biggest lead was the call centre. Shagaholics Anonymous. But nobody we TIE'd looked like a viable suspect. We did initiallyhave doubts about the son-in-law, but we had a warrant for his arrest  over non-payment of fines, so he was a bit jittery. His alibi is cast-iron. As for a motive, we've found no evidence of any vendettas, nobody angry with her over anything. She didn't appear to owe anybody any money, and nothing was taken from the house. Over to you. You sent the papers to SCAS? I sent you a copy of their reply.  Have you not read it? Maybe we should invite someone in from the National Police Improvement Agency? We can go down that route. You've spoken to a profiler?  The BIA. Martin Hines. And? It's all in there. He says we're looking for a white   male, between the age of 35 and 55, non-professionalbut working below his intellect, local, sociopath. Someone who knew her by sight, somebody she might have known  to say hello to, but not well enough  to be in her address book. Someone that anybody close to her  might not even know she knew. Someone who may have done it before more than once. Someone who gets sexual gratificationfrom the act of killing. Let's get someone in from the NPIA. What is there to lose? JANET: You knock yourself out, kid. She'll listen to you. She'll wipe the floor with me. Look, Rachel, link it to what you like, but at the end of the day, we still have to find out who killed Lynn. Tempting as Tom's theory is, SCAS would've come up with something if... What are you scared of?  Same as you. Looking like someone who watches too much telly. You know and I knowif Tom Walters' theory is right, there are reasons why it might've goneunder the radar, even with SCAS. Right, I'm only doing this to shut you up. I can live with that. You'd better be ready to scrape me up off the parquet. Can I run something past you? Look at him, the bastard.  Did you hear him to Andy? 'You've done a very thorough job,   nothing to beat yourself up about.' While Gill's just been sat on her   fanny for five weeks doing fuck all. I...um... I know it's off the wall, but you always say that the only stupid question is the one that doesn't get asked. So...Veronica Hastings. Janet, I'm sorry,   I really can't think... No, no, I'm talking about Lynn Stott. Just let me satisfy myself that I've said it to you before you dismiss it. OK, now, I know it sounds bonkers, but Tom Walters' theory is that whoever killed Veronica has gone on to kill at least six other females, right? They were all asphyxiated. Now, that's obviously one of the more vague - I accept that - linking factors. But cause of death in four of them, including Veronica, was attributed to vagal inhibition. Loads of people die   through vagal inhibition. You know what a useless minefield it is. These are all unsolved deaths. I know it's unlikely, but there are other factors. All of the victims were blonde. Not peroxide, but natural blonde, like Lynn. They were all petite, like Lynn. The absence of any distinct similarities almost in itself is a factor. And I know that sounds stupid, but maybe that's why it's gone under the radar. There's a meticulousness, a fastidiousness, that does link them. All of the other investigations were like this one, where the SIO feels that they know everything, but they've got nothing. It looks personal, but it isn't. The killer knows his victim just enough to satisfy his criteria. And the biggest thing, the oddest thing, if they are genuinely linked, and this isn't just a big, mad coincidence... ..is that everyone that he's killed... ..has been the same age that Veronica would have been, had she lived. Veronica would've been 46, same as me. Lynn Stott was 46. How far have you got  sifting through the case papers? I've got an overview. I've done some detailed work, quite a bit, but nowhere near as much as I'd like. You ran a day book?Yeah, but I'd still need more time. How much? Two days. And you can say no. But it'd be easier if I worked from home, and then I wouldn't have to bring it in. There's yards of the stuff, Gill. Fine. Really? When was the last one   in Tom's theory? Two years ago. Bexhill. Tracy Dixon?  How do you know that? That's the one similar suggestion  SCAS came up with. But I didn't think there were enoughsimilarities because whoever didthat pulled her front teeth out. There was nothing like that  with Lynn. No, that's the one area where Lynn doesn't fit the picture. All of the girls - the women - that were murdered in Tom's theory had things missing - hair, body parts, jewellery. Trophies. Souvenirs. Yeah. But everything else fits. Finish what you're doing today, then  work tomorrow and Thursday at home. I'll let Andy know when he's finished talking to Captain Underpants. You not gonna run it by Dirty Dave, then? I wouldn't tell that dickweed  if his arse was on fire. I'll put it in another memo  that he won't read. Erm, yeah, one second. Hello? Geoff! Did you? Oh. OK. Yeah, well, I can meet you  for half an hour at six o'clock. The Grapes. The pub opposite here. Yeah. OK, OK. Ta-ta. Geoff Hastings?  Tom Walters rang him up. 'Did he know about Lynn Stott?' He's made a connection? He's mustard, that bloke!   Mm, isn't he just? So Geoff wants to know   what's going on and if it's connected   and blah-la-la. What did she say?  Oh, she's buying it. Yes! Genius. Hey, do you wanna come and meet him  - Geoff? Oh, go on, come for a drink. I run out of stuff to say to him  after about ten minutes. Yeah, go on, I can do. Ooh. That reminds me. I wanted to apologise. I was a bit sharp last time we met. I'm sorry. That's OK. We go back a long way, me and Janet. We trained together. Two days at home on the beach?  I know. Thanks, kid. Here, give that to Geoff, will you, and that to Andy? And I'll bring yours over in a minute. And some nuts. I'll get these. No, I'm getting this. I'll get it. I'm getting this. Cheers. I've apologised to him.   Mm. Well done. It's been six weeks, Janet. I wasn't gonna push it. I wasn't gonna mention it again till you did, but, you know...six weeks. I can't do it to Ade. I can't do it to the girls. I'm   sorry, I've thought about it and... Thanks. I'm sorry, Andy. Can you tell me? We can't talk  about it cos it's an on-going case, but I said straight away -  didn't I? - to Janet, I said it was vagal inhibition. Vagal...? You know your vagus nerve   in your neck? No. Right, there's a nerve in your neck, that's connected to your heart at   one end and your brain at the other. You can tell I trained as a doctor   before I became a grunt, can't you? Anyway if it's struck or squashed  or inhibited in any way, then it shuts your heart down  like that. It's like a Vulcan grip. Instant death.I mean, you've seen Star Trek... And is that how our Veronica...? Do we have to get gruesome, Rachel? Oh, sorry. Oh, no, no, no. It's all of interest. And do you really think it's him,the same person? Well, it's tempting, but we're a long way off. We've got to convince our DCI, and she's got to convince force command, and... What would happen, if she did?  Oh, it'd go stellar. There'd be a massive, massive investigation. This is across six or seven forces, and they'd all want it. That'd be a logistical nightmare in itself, getting six chief cons to sit down together at the same time in the same room and actually talk to one another. And of course, we'd still have to find out who'd killed Lynn. So, um... But no. If they decided that we've got a serial killer going back 30 or 40 years, it'd be on the Six O'Clock News. And some! Where's Andy? Thanks. That's very kind of you.It was on my way. So have you seen the reports and so forth about Veronica, the same as Janet has? Well, I was staying at Janet's for a bit after I'd split upwith this bloke that I was seeing and I shared the spare room  with these files. So, yeah, I read 'em. Not all of 'em, but... Do you want a cup of tea? Yeah, go on, then. Ma'am? Chris Latham. Detective Sergeant. NPIA. Gill Murray. You don't know what a pleasure it is to meet you. I've spent hours reading your reports. I learned more from them than I learned from ten weeks on the DO course and four weeks at Quantico. Smarmy bastard.  Guilty as charged. How's Alan Burniston?Does he still walk like a cowboy? He's very well. He sends his regards. Sit down. Do you miss it? I miss it like I'd miss breathing. But if you tell anyone, I'll leg you. What made you leave? My marriage broke down. My son was 14 at the time. So buzzing off all over the country solving other people's murderssuddenly got a bit too complicated. And they keep me busy enough here, so... I don't know what I can spot that's got past you. Well. Chris, something has. Oh, hello, good morning. Yeah, could I speak to someone in your personnel department, please? It's Detective Constable Rachel Bailey, Manchester Metropolitan Police Major Incident Team. The thing that's intrigued me the most... ..I don't know if this is something you've latched on to - I'm sure it is - Lynn's fingernails. Has anyone asked what condition they were inthe last time she was seen alive? She had lovely nails. False nails. Rats wouldn't have eaten them,   so why weren't they at the scene? He ripped her nails off. It puts you no nearer  to knowing who he is. No, no, no, it does. Kind of. (MOBILE RINGS) Gill.'Lynn's fingernails were missing. She wore false fingernails, and it looks like he took 'em.' These others on Tom Walters' list - Veronica. Was there anything else like that? Well, they varied. He cut Veronica's pigtails off. But hang on... 'Marie Booth. She died 1979.' Her hair was cut off. Claire Biddle, died in 1985.  He cut her lips off. 'Rena Curtis, died in 1992,  she had all of her rings missing. She liked a lot of jewellery.' Anice Doyle, she died in 1997. She had a tattoo on her leg   that was cut out and removed. And Carol Brannigan,  who died in 2003, well, that's back to hair. Thanks, cock. I'll get back to you. Ta-ta. The thing is, you see, Chris, we think we've possibly got a serial killer. And if we have, it's one that goes back nearly 40 years. Have you flagged it up to command?   No. It's only just becoming clear. Boss, sorry. Have you got a minute? This is DS Latham from the National Police Improvement Agency. Sarge. DC Bailey. Hi. Hi. What have you got?   I think I know who it is. (DOORBELL) Hi. Geoff. I was just passing and Rachel said that you were workingfrom home today. So I thought... Come in. He invited me in for a brew.   I don't know why I went. I don't normally take tea   with strange men. But I didn't think he was strange.  I felt sorry for him. He seemed like he wanted to talk. I thought I'd find out   more about Veronica. So... How long have you lived here? Six months. I must have just assumedthat you lived at your mum's house. God, no. Turns out he's liveda very nomadic kind of existence. I did some digging this morning, when I was supposed to be doing something else. Obviously I've not had time to dig up tons. Did you not get on? With my mum? No, not really. It must have been tough   after Veronica died. Well, yeah, yeah. And before. He worked for this haulage firm  in Sheffield for a while. There was a calendar.  So I called them, and he was on a job in Eastbourne two weeks before Tracy Dixon's body turned up. Eastbourne's what...  it's 20 minutes from Bexhill. He was on a job in Sunderland a week before Anice Doyle's bodyturns up in 1997. The other thing,this newsagent's that he works at, it's on the route thatLynn is most likely to have gone from her place of work  to Chaddy Swimming Baths. I know we've looked atthe CCTV footage of her route back from the pool to her house, but did we look at the CCTV  of her journey there? Not from her house, but from work. See, if she goes in his shop   every time she goes swimming, that could be the nodding acquaintance that the profiler has told us about. And he's insidious, this fella. Andy knows, he's met him. Last night, I told him where I live,that I fell out with my boyfriend,that I never got on with my mother and that my sister's a touchy-feely  twerp. My whole life story. Let's get on to any CCTV of her journey to the pool. Pick him up?  No, no, no, not yet. But get someone to draw up an arrest strategy. Not Rachel, I need her. And get onto Tyneside and Sussex, see if they've got some DNA from the Tracy Dixon murder and this other Anice doo-dah Doyle one. Hilary, hi. It's Gill Murray. I need ten minutes with the Assistant Chief Con. Two weeks on Wednesday? Dream on, girl. He'll want to hear this and hear it now. Knock on his door. I got a little bit worried   that I might have given Rachel the wrong impression last night. That's all. Rachel? No, she's like me, hide like a rhinoceros. (CHUCKLES) She came in for a cup of tea  when she dropped me off. Rachel? Did she? Yeah.Did she not say anything to you? Well, I haven't been in today, so... Oh, no, no, no. Course not, no. I thought maybe she'd rung you or something. No. Um, how did you know where I live? Elise told me. Is it Elise?  Your eldest. Um...I rang up once andyou weren't in, so we got chatting. Am I missing something about you and Rache? You didn't make a pass at her or...? No!(LAUGHS) No, no. Sometimes I... I talk too much. Well, if you're worried that you've made a fool of yourself with her, she won't even have noticed. She's a fantastic copper, but anything personal, she's thick. I mean, God, this latest fella, don't even go there. Is she a fantastic copper? Yeah, she doesn't miss a thing. When she first joined the MIT 12 months ago, I thought, 'We've got a right ditzy one here,' but, my God, was I wrong. We call her Sherlock, because she... (PHONE RINGS) Oh, excuse me. You are not gonna believe this.(MOUTHS) It's Geoff. What's Geoff? 'He's only looking like   a knocking bet as being involved with Lynn AND   the last two on Tom Walters' list. Did they never question him over Veronica? Janet? Janet?' Put the phone down. Fuck! Janet! Fuck!(SCREAMS) He's cut me, Rachel!  He's got a knife! Boss! He's there! He's at Janet's house! He's got a knife. He's cut her. DCI Murray, MIT. Officer requires 20 Clough Road, Oldham. I don't want to hurt you, Janet.  Put the knife down, Geoff. I don't want to hurt you.   Well, you already have. Put the knife down.  You're not going anywhere. Janet, get off! Get off! (BELL JANGLES) Please! (STRAINS) (YELLS) Ow! (GROANS) Oh, my God! (GROANS) (WHIMPERS) (APPROACHING SIRENS) (TYRES SCREECH) Jan! Is he still here? Check upstairs! Remember he's got a knife! Don't let them put me on a slab, not naked. I'm not having a post-mortem. Promise me. Let's not wait for the ambulance. You're not gonna die. If you die, I'll fucking kill you! Come on! This time of day we can get her there faster than they can. Get on to A&E; at Oldham, tell 'em we're bringing an officer in and she needs blood, lots of it. I love you. You, blues and twos. Foot down! (SIREN BLARES) This incident where  we've got an officer stabbed, I want obs for Geoff Hastings. White, male, 50 years of age, 5'6". Last seen in Clough Road, Oldham. Clothing not known, but likely to be blood stained. He's very possibly armedwith a knife and willing to use it. I hope you twatted him back. Yeah. Parted his hair for him, gave him a bloody headache. Jan! I need you to stay awake, Janet! That's an order from me to you, mate! Come on. Janet, you've got to stay awake! What?Nothing. She's still in resus. They're prepping her for theatre. Can I have a drag? Here,I wanna get out of these clothes. You'll just have to wait. You're part of a crime scene. Someone's on their way to bag 'em up. Bu... (SOBS) You all right?Why did I have to say, 'It's Geoff'? You didn't know he was there. What should have told you he was there? What?Nothing. Exactly. Lighten up, kid. This is not your fault. Oh, shit, Adrian. Look positive. Adrian! Where is she? Getting ready for theatre. I'll walk you down. She's lost a lot of blood, but she was conscious when we got there. (MOBILE RINGS) Hello. Hi, Rachel, um...did you get my text? Er, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I did. Yeah. Are you OK? 'Janet's been stabbed.' Oh, my God! Is she all right? I dunno. I don't know. They're gonna operate on her. She's lost a lot of blood. I tried to keep her awake, but... 'Are you OK?' Yep. Yeah, I... She's my best mate.   I don't want her to die. Can I do anything?   (BITTER LAUGH) Like what? 'For you.' No, no, no, I don't think so. OK, well, I was just ringing to see if you wanted to have dinner some time, but obviously, that's not something you want to think about right now. When? 'Whenever.' I've got to stay here,  until I know something definite. 'Do you want me to come and pick you up?' Yeah, could you? I've not got a car. Yeah, course. When? 'I dunno. I'll ring you.' 'All right, OK. Bye.' Right, bye. (TYRES SCREECH) That car was meant to hit me. The guy had something to do with Carl Norris. Don't be ridiculous! Rachel, I don't know! I'm not attracting a thing.   On your bike, mush! Cheerio. I'll work my way back in. You'll never work in MIT again. itfc subtitles 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 