Scott & Bailey: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Scott & Bailey 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Scott & Bailey (2011–2016): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Having coerced Nick into buying her a flat Rachel discovers she is carrying his child but decides against a termination. She also successfully traps the murderer of housewife Susan Metcalfe but gets an unexpected and grisly bonus which leads to another death and another charge. Janet, dreading her wedding anniversary party, presses on with the long cold murder case of her slain school friend Veronica, though the retired officer who passes his files onto her believes she was murdered by a serial killer still at large. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I think we should call things off. What do you mean? Do you know where he's gone? Back to his wife? He's got kids. Nick. What? You've been had. I want the flat. What?! No more demands on me after this. Whatever. Veronica. Veronica Hastings. She disappeared and she was only six. And then she turned up dead. That's why I joined the police. To find out why no-one was ever caught. Is that what you wanted to ask me? If we could re-open it? Yeah. For my mother. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And Veronica. Well, leave it with me. It's the only way. You can't make a mortgaged property into a third party, so it'll be a joint mortgage. I take care of the monthly payments but it's your name on the policy. Does that make sense? Yes. So you're happy? I wouldn't go that far. As regards this. There's something else that you may or may not wanna know. What? I'm pregnant. I don't believe you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Nine weeks. (SIGHS) Well, you can't be pregnant. You're on the pill. Is it mine? It's you that puts it about, pal, not me. What do you want? What do you want me to do? Do we need to pay for a clinic? You're assuming it's a termination? Well, you can't want a baby! Why not? Am I not the type? You're ambitious. You've got a career. AND thought I was in a relationship with a responsible adult until recently. You planned it. No, I... (SIGHS) As it happens, I didn't. Not got much choice, have I? It won't be you haemorrhaging down the toilet feeling like a murdering bastard. That'll be me. Sorry, is that a bit graphic for you? Anyway, thanks for that, Nick. Along with all the other pleasant memories. Right, lads, story so far. Where's Janet and...Rachel? Delivering the death message. I squared it with West Yorkshire cos the body's with us. Susan Metcalfe. 43. Wife, mother, primary school teacher, living over the border in Riponden, West Yorkshire. Battered senseless. She was found in the boot of her own car in a lay-by off Saddleworth Moor, 4.40 this morning. Courting couple out on a lake, one saw blood on the boot, called three nines. Ambulance arrived just after five, she's still breathing, indications suggests she's likely to prove fatal. She dies 6.17 this morning at the Royal Oldham. They said it looked like somebody had tried to eviscerate her. Do what? Pull her insides out. Massive internal injuries. She'd been raped every which way from Christmas. Are you listening? Hmm. Susan had been to the theatre in Oldham with her friend, Carol Manning. Susan rang Carol at 11pm as she can't work out where she's parked her car, not being familiar with the town. Says she's near Cam Cabs on Richworth Road. Carol directs Susan back to Buick Road. Susan had remembered the name of the street she'd parked in. That's the last anyone heard from her. Family report her missing in the early hours. Night crew talk to Carol, the friend, they're onto the CCTV outside the taxi office. OK, here's the bit. Which shows her being followed by some lad, man, boy, bloke, who'd just left the taxi place. He follows her. Look at him. Heat-seeking missile. He follows her towards Buick Road. We've got them on three separate cameras, still behind our victim. Six minutes later, her vehicle seen driving away from Buick Road, but those are not her hands on that steering wheel. Look at that watch. So the chances are, she's already in the boot by that stage. The good news is, we think we know roughly where he lives. Taxi operator says he asked for a cab to the Walden Estate. There's none available. So he comes out and that's where he bumps into her, jangling her car keys looking lost. Are you all right? Just pull in. So lots of nice fast-track actions waiting for you on this one. Andy's coordinating the house-to-house. Something tells me this isn't this little weirdo's first outing. But let's make it his last. Finish your brews, get your gear and go. I want us giving this boy an early-morning knock. (SIGHS) Late night? Pregnant. I've a... I'm having an abortion on Wednesday. Does Gill know? No. I'm not gonna get grounded. I booked the day off but I've not said why. (SIGHS) Why go for a scan if you're having an abortion? I don't know. Just did. Wanted to see what it looked like. Mr Metcalfe. I'm DC Scott. Manchester Metropolitan Police. You know something? This is DC Bailey. May we come inside? Have you found her? Is this Adam? I'm Janet, this is Rachel. We're police officers. Is there somewhere we can sit down, Mr Metcalfe? Melissa? I'm Janet, this is Rachel. We're police officers. Oh, Jesus. Oh, Jesus, no. Want to sit down, love? A woman's been found matching your wife's description. She was found in your wife's car. She was taken by ambulance to the Royal Oldham at 6.15 this morning but I'm very sorry to have to tell you that she died shortly after. Matching her description? You mean, it might not be her? Well, we can't confirm that until she's been identified by someone who knows her. But based on the description you gave the officer last night and given the fact she was in your wife's car, we think it very likely it is your wife. Sorry, did you say she's dead? Yes. Did she...? Was it a...? Did she come off the road, then? Was it an accident? No. There are indications that she'd been assaulted. Who by? How? Why? I won't have the answer to all your questions just now, Mr Metcalfe. I've only got a limited amount of information myself. But we think we've found CCTV footage of Susan last night after you reported her missing. And it does appear that she was being followed by a man. What man? We will find him. And when we do, believe you me - What did he do to her? Let's just be sure it's your wife we're talking about before - What did he do to her? Can you bear with me, Adam, because I don't know very much more myself at the moment. She wasn't interfered with, though, or anything, was she? There are indications that it may have been a sexual assault, yes. (SOBS) (SOBS) OK, we're calling to ask you some questions... Sarge? Her husband made a positive ID. Janet sent him over to the FLO then she's following on. Is Janet... What? What? ..and Adrian doing anything next week for their, er... Isn't it their 25th next week? Is it? I haven't got a clue. I could find out for you. Rowan, that's Rachel. You're with her. All right, Rowan? Yep. OK, house-to-house. Boring as paint. I've been doing this about ten years and once someone actually gave us a lead(!) How long you been on the beat? Er...day two. (LAUGHS) (RATTLES DOOR HANDLE) Police. We're making some enquiries about an incident last night. Is your mum and dad in, love? Yeah. Mum, police. Sorry to interrupt your Saturday morning. Have you got a few minutes? Turn it off, Luke. We're making some enquiries about an assault last night. What kind of assault? We're looking for a while male. We believe he's got links to the area. He might have seen something that could help us. (SIGHS) Er...could I sit down a minute? Help yourself. Thanks. Is there anyone else who lives here besides yourselves? (DROPS PHONE) No, just us three. Thanks. Luke, is it? Yeah. Surname? Farrell. What were you doing at 11'o'clock last night, Luke? Nothing. Where were you? I was here. No, you weren't. It's a nice watch, that, Luke. How long have you had that? Do you mind if I take a look at it? I need to go toilet. I need you to stay exactly where you are, Luke. One more move and there'll be two sounds. Me hitting you and you hitting the floor. Oi! All right, Luke. Excuse me, Madam! Sit down! Sit down! I'm arresting you on suspicion of murder. In my handbag, front zip pocket, there's a plastic bag. Get it. (RECITES CAUTION) Mum, do something! Get onto the radio. Tell them we've got one adult male, suspicion of murder. It's for Oldham. We need him in a dry cell and I need a van here now. When you're not busy (!) The thing is, Mrs Farrell, because it's so serious, your house is now a crime scene, and we're going to search it, so... But it's our house. Yeah. What for? Anything that can help us find out whether Luke was or wasn't involved in this woman's death. So I have to ask you if you can give me any keys to the property because the last thing we want to do is damage anything. Mrs Farrell? Keys. Mum. Is there somewhere else you could stay tonight? I could ask my sister. The keys. I'm sorry. (PHONE RINGS) (PHONE RINGS) (PHONE RINGS) That were my arrest this morning. That house would have been next on my list before you turned up. But the $64 million question, Kevin, is, would you have spotted what I spotted? Why wouldn't I? We're all looking for a big fuck-off watch. Do you want me to shoot myself? Yeah, it would help. All yours. Magic word? Abracadabra. Janet? Veronica Hastings. Oh, yeah. I've spoken to Mike Deerbolt in Cold Case. It's on their list but way down, so Mike's happy if you wanna start mooching about and putting the case papers together. But just be sure you run a day book and record everything. Great. And you don't do too much of it in my time, right? Yes, Madam, ma'am, boss. The SIO was Tom Walters, who they say will be more than happy to talk to you. Wow. Apparently it's the only thing he DOES talk about. Thanks, Gill, I owe you one. One? Ha! What are you and Ade doing for your silver wedding? Keeping quiet about it. Why? Parties are... Anyway... What? I don't want to run the risk of getting drunk like someone I know did at her 40th, and run up and down the back garden, topless, at midnight, in front of her few remaining guests singing, 'I am 16, going on 17.' I thought we weren't gonna mention that again. Optimist. (BOTH GUFFAW) (LAUGHTER CONTINUES) (SIGHS) You won't... ..tell anyone, though, will you? What you laughing at? Nothing. Yeah, but what, though? I'm gonna go and join the house-to-house, so I'll catch up with you later. Have you got someone to go with you on Wednesday? My sister, yeah. Not supposed to drive after, so... Are you OK? That was the fastest detection she's ever had and she's said nothing. But she can't count chickens until we get the blood results on that watch. She hates me. Are you sure you're not letting your hormones...? She's letting you interview him. I arrested him. So? Would she let Kevin loose on this one if he'd arrested him? What were you laughing at just then, Boss? You. Have you not finished that interview prep? You'll be out of time before you've asked him a question. I'm not gonna get anywhere near him before tomorrow with his solicitor poking about. (SIGHS) Will you have a drink? No, thank you, Sir. We picked one up first thing this morning. I've been on the go since six so... (MOBILE TONE) Family to get home to, eh? OK. Well, I'll give you what I've got. Do you want to come through? I made copies of everything connected to the case in the last few months before I retired. Blimey. Well, you know what happens, Janet. Cold case. Evidence goes missing. Statements go missing. There's a flood or a fire and 30 years later there's nowt left. Nowt you can do anything with, anyway. Can I... ..can I borrow it? All of it? You can have it. IF you're serious. I'm serious, I told you. That's why I joined up. I thought I'd get him. But he was the one that got away. Do you think he's still alive? I know he is, love. (WHINING) Mum. Finally, you're home. She's got period pains. Why do I have to deal with it? I've just got in. Because I've been dealing with it since 3.30 this afternoon. Are you all right? 'Hello?' You rang? (SIGHS) What you doing for your anniversary? Can I come? Is that what you rang about? (WHINES) You know giving birth? Yeah? (WHINING) Mum. I'll be up in a minute. What's it like? Well... ..it's...painful. 'And you can't imagine how you're ever gonna come out the other side without being ripped asunder.' But...you do, and... ..it's brilliant and beautiful. Even when you've got your legs up in stirrups and 3,000 stitches up your... But that's the easy bit. It's the next five, ten, 15 years that do your nut in. (WHINES) (SOBS AND SIGHS) Rachel? I can't do this. What can't you do? It's a baby, you know. It's flesh and blood and... ..a brain and...a smile... Do you want me to come over? I'd rather be here, honestly. This is why I don't want any fuss made about this bloody anniversary. What? What is? Ade. Ah. You knew he was a geography teacher when you married him. I'd rather just ignore it completely than go through the misery of watching him HAVING to make an effort. I get home, and instantly I'm on nursing duty. Lady Gaga's farting about with period pains and he's just sat in front of the telly. You wouldn't be without yours, though, would you? Even when they ARE driving you up the wall. Rache, I can't tell you what to do. Whatever you choose, you'll still torture yourself after it was wrong. You've been dumped on from a great height by a man who needs his head examined. Nobody envies you the position you're in. And nobody is gonna judge you for it after. What would you do if you were me? I'd get rid of it. Looks like you're right, Gill. Not this little weirdo's first outing. What have we got? They found a pair of jeans and a shirt stuffed behind the fireplace, behind the brickwork, covered in blood. But it's not from yesterday. It's black. How long have they lived at that address? 1992. Year after lad were born. Right, bring it in. Let's have a look at it. How was Tom Walters? Oh, good. Useful. Thank you. Great. I'll ring Ade. Tell him to get his arse into gear and organise you a party. Gill...don't. (CAMERA CLICKS) Did you want to see me? How's it going? No comment. 'How would you respond if I told you that it's Susan Metcalfe's blood on your Rolex?' 'No comment.' 'And on your Nike's?' 'No comment.' 'And your sperm all over what's left of her?' 'No comment.' I've finished, so if you want to get on to the CPS, we can charge the little freak. Look what Father Christmas left behind the fireplace. I wanna show you a photograph, OK, Luke? For the benefit of the tape, I'm showing Luke photograph exhibit reference PT7. Could you tell me who those people are in the picture? That's me, my mum and my auntie and my sister. And when was that taken? Do you remember? Christmas. This last Christmas? No. The one before? Er...or the one before that. Could you describe to me what you're wearing in the photograph? A paper hat. What else? Jeans... ..shirt. What colour is that shirt? Could you describe it to me? It's green... ..white... ..tartan. Have you still got it? No. What happened to it? My mum threw it away. Why? Got...got dirty. Could she not wash it? No, I meant dirt...dirty with oil. I want you to look at another photograph for me now, OK? For the benefit of the tape, I'm showing Luke two photographs, exhibit references DF2 and DF3. Are you OK, Luke? Yeah. You seem a bit upset. No. I'm just... It's everything, you know. Would you like some water? No. OK. Could you tell me what's in this photograph here? Shirt. Could you describe it to me? It's, like... ..it's, like, m-m-mucky. When your shirt was stained with oil, is this what it looked like? That isn't my shirt. That's not oil, in fact, Luke. That's actually blood. Could you describe the pattern on that shirt to me? That isn't my shirt. What colour is it? It's not my shirt. How would you describe it? Would you agree that it's exactly the same sort of shirt that you're wearing in that photo? Would it surprise you, Luke, if I told you that we found that shirt in your house when we searched it yesterday? Do you think, given that we found it in your house, it's more than likely that it IS your shirt, the one you're wearing in that photo at Christmas? No. It's a bit of coincidence, wouldn't you say? To find a shirt, exactly the same pattern and design - It can't be, I told you, it got thrown away. She... She didn't, did she? Who? Who, Luke? She said she'd burnt it. Who? My mother. Mum. Hello, Mrs Farrell. We need to talk to you about something that's come up during the search. What? Would you mind coming down to the police station with us? Mrs Farrell? I need to get dressed. Of course. Has something happened? Just a bit of a development. Is your auntie in, Yasmin? Half-past-six she gets in from work. I'll, er... I'll just see if your mum's OK. Mrs Farrell? Have you got kids? Two. Girls. Girls are easy. Do you want to get dressed, Mrs Farrell? Break your heart. Do all sorts. Still do what you can, though, don't you, for 'em? Within reason. I nearly yesterday morning said something but... What about? What happened. When? You've found them clothes, haven't you? He promised me it wouldn't happen again. What wouldn't happen again? You know. Are you telling me that you're aware Luke might have done something like this before, Mrs Farrell? He didn't know why he'd done it. Any more than anybody else would have done. He were terrified. Didn't know what to do with himself. I was there when he... ..came home. Covered in blood, shitting himself. Do you know what it was that he'd done before? You might as well tell me because we're analysing that blood and as soon as there's a match on our database - (SOBS) Margaret and Barry Whelan. (SOBS) Susan Farrell, I'm arresting you on suspicion of assisting an offender and perverting the course of justice. (RECITES CAUTION) He said he'd bumped into somebody on the way home. They'd seen him covered in blood. I don't think they did. Or they'd have said. I was terrified. Thought there'd be police banging on t'door any second. Helicopters, all hell breaking loose. I said to him, 'Get up them stairs, get in that shower and I'll deal with t'clothes.' Just...wanted shot of 'em. Out of sight. And I would have burnt them but...we had nowhere. I didn't want to touch 'em ever again once they were in there. And I would have told somebody - Did he tell you what he'd done? But I didn't realise the extent of it till it was in the papers. How did he tell you? What did he say? That he'd killed someone. Someone. Two...peo...people. But you didn't realise the extent of it. Can you tell me exactly what you mean by that, Mrs Farrell? Margaret and Barry Whelan? Don't tell me you've never heard of 'em. About 18 months ago. Brother and sister in their fifties. Lived in a semi up Crompton. He's got Down's Syndrome. Oh, God, that was awful. Tied her up, raped her, made him watch. Oh, shut up. Makes even me feel sick. I don't know how you sit in the same room as him. Why do they do it? Sexual curiosity in his case. Oh, we're all curious at that age but... Yes, Alison, he's sick, he's nuts. He's got a screw loose. He's a fruit loop. But SHE hasn't got a screw loose. His mother. That bitch. What'll happen to her? She'll go down big time, assisting an offender on that scale. Ten years. But it could happen to anyone, couldn't it? Finding out your kid's peculiar. Wouldn't keep quiet about it, though, would ya? A normal person at the very least would get drunk and blurt it out. You don't know what you'd do when it's your own kid. Anyway, come on, we're gonna be late for the clinic. Boss is buzzing. Force Command thought they'd never solve the Whelan murder, so she's flavour of the month. She? We. Has it not occurred to her to give Rache a pat on the back? Has she not? Perhaps you could suggest it. Do you fancy going for a drink? After work, over t'road? I mean with the lads. And Gill if she's not too - I'd love to, Andy, but...I can't. I'm meeting someone. Who? A friend. Well, bring 'em. Him. Her. It's not that sort of friend. It's someone I was at school with, erm... Well, I can't explain. Well, I CAN explain but... ..it's complicated. (CHUCKLES) Tom Walters reckons that whoever killed Veronica has gone on and committed other murders. And he believes that he's still alive because his latest one - if his theory stands up - was committed less than two years ago in Bexhill. And he thinks it was someone who knew Veronica. That it wasn't just a random attack. She was targeted. I don't know which question to ask first. Bexhill? That's...? On the south coast, yeah. So our guy obviously learnt very early on that there are 43 police forces in England and Wales, and unlike today, none of them spoke to each other, so you could do one in Oldham, and if your next one was in Cornwall, nobody was necessarily making any connections. Hang on, this one in Bexhill two years ago. Surely that's still under investigation? Oh, yeah, it will be. So why hasn't this Tom talked to them, then? He has. He wrote to them, he rang up. But... ..he's eighty. He's a retired policeman with a...problem. And he's obsessed with the one that got away. They probably found someone nice to talk to him on the telephone and then wrote him off as a crank. But you think he's onto something? There...are...compelling factors. Such as? Well, I've never dealt with a serial killer before, but...they leave certain trademarks. Some they're aware of, others they're not. Of the six murders that he's identified, there are similar trademarks, plus... ..there's a physical similarity to Veronica. Same colour hair, slim build. And they've all occurred approximately, give or take, every five years since Veronica died. So why isn't anybody onto it, then? Hello? No, I meant officially. Cold Case had it on their list. Look, what I'm gonna do is read everything and collate it, and then hand it over to the Serious Crime Analysis Section. They've got a national database, so any similarities with other crimes will be highlighted. So...there is hope that we can get a bit closer to this fella. Aren't you having a day off? That...was yesterday. Oh. OK. Can I just...? I'm pregnant. I'm having a baby. So obviously you need to know that. Have you got a due date? August 4th. Slap bang in the middle of the annual leave season. Great, Rachel. Well-timed. It wasn't planned. Why doesn't that surprise me? When I'm back, I want to get on with my sergeant exams. (MOBILE) Melissa. (Victim's daughter.) I can't get hold of our FLO and you said I could ring you if I needed. Yeah. What's up, love? Our Adam. He's been up all night off his head drinking and he's not used to it. 'And I don't know where my dad is. Adam said he was gonna go and sort that family out and he's been gone nearly four hours.' And he won't answer his phone. And he's been messing about with a can of petrol. All right. Melissa, listen to me. I'm gonna ring you back in ten minutes. I'll find him. I've a Metcalfe with a can of petrol. DC Bailey. MIT. We've got a lad in custody for that murder on Saddleworth Moor on Friday night. The victim's son is drunk and he's gone off on one. He might cause damage to the suspect's home. (I'll go round myself.) You're going nowhere, girl. You're pregnant. You'll sit down in that office and stay there. Sorry? Yeah? (Oh, shit.) Yep. Thanks. He's downstairs. He's put a petrol bomb through the sitting room window. Where was Yasmin? The girl? I assumed she's round at the auntie's house. She's only 15. DCI Murray. MIT. I need to speak to the person who just spoke to my DC. (SIGHS) Which one do you want? Her or him? Her. (SOBBING) Don't do that. I want my mum. Adam, we're moving you. We're taking you to another police station. Why? Come on, love. Mrs Farrell, I've got some difficult news for you. Your house has been the subject of an arson attack. A young female, who we believe to be your daughter Yasmin, was asleep in bed upstairs. She was taken by ambulance to the Royal Oldham at 7.30 this morning but died shortly after arriving at A&E.; You're lying. Can you hear that young lad sobbing his heart out? He's the one that did it. He petrol-bombed your house and he killed your daughter. My colleague's just gone in there to arrest him. She really doesn't want to. Do you know why? Because he's the son of the woman that Luke raped and mutilated. And left to bleed to death in her car in the freezing cold at four in the morning in the middle of nowhere. So, not to put too fine a point on it, if you hadn't hidden those clothes, if you'd done what ANYONE in their right mind would have done, your daughter, or what's left of her, would not now be in a body bag in a fridge down at the mortuary. So you think about that. (DOOR SLAMS) (CHATTER) So, come on. What? I don't know why. Just, I got to the doors of the clinic, I turned round and came home. I think it was mainly cos I couldn't stand to spend a whole day with our Alison. I've told Godzilla and she said, 'Ooh, Rachel, I'm delighted for ya. How lovely.' She did not. No, did she bollocks. She said, 'Ooh, August? Well-timed, knobhead. (CHUCKLES) She's a bitch. I'm sick of her. She's a nasty, miserable old - Oh, hi, Boss. Classic. Yes. One-nil. (LAUGHS) What was you and her laughing at the other day? Oh, well, I'm not supposed to tell anyone. But? But seeing as how she never said well done to you last Saturday... Yeah? I brought the boy. He just passed his driving test. So guess which one of us is getting off our face and which one's drinking pop? Congratulations, Sam. Well done, son. Go and find the girls. Talk to them. Where's Janet? Dunno. She's somewhere. You all right, Adrian? Ey-up, Andy. The important point is that she's human just like us. So if she doesn't always remember to pat you on the head or even just be nice to you, just remember that no matter how much pressure you're under, she's under about ten times more. All right? She's still a bitch... Hi, Gill. ..an arsehole bastard, defective Chief Inspector Godzilla bitch. Thanks for coming. Congratulations. Aw, thanks. Rachel. Hi, boss. Mum! What? Telephone! Excuse me. I'd like to see you in my office first thing Monday morning. Right. And it will be going on your personal file. What will? An email. From the Chief Comm. I think you know his son. PC Rowan Rutterford. 'On only his second day on patrol, my son witnessed one of the most incisive, impressive, dynamic and inspiring pieces of police work I have heard of in recent months. The reason he joined the force was played out in front of him. Please pass on my congratulations to Detective Constable Rachel Bailey.' Well done, kid. (SIGHS) (SNIFFS) Yeah. Sorry? Sorry? Hello? 'Janet, it's Geoff.' Sorry, have I rung at a bad time? Oh, erm...Geoff. Hi... ..erm...no, no, er... it's er...me and Ade's 25th, so we're having a bit of a bash and I couldn't really hear anything. Well, that's, er... I was ringing cos I wondered if you fancied meeting up again... ..sometime...for a drink? Erm...yeah, sure. OK, why not? Great. Well, erm... ..you ring me or...? Yeah, I'll ring you. Lovely. I look forward to it. Yeah. Bye, then. Bye. Are you talking to your boyfriend? Jesus, Andy! Didn't hear ya. I saw you...in the pub the other night. Shall I tell Adrian you're seeing somebody? I'm not seeing anybody. He's a friend. Well, he's not even a friend. He's the brother of a friend who got killed. Shall I tell Adrian about us? Yeah. Why not? If you wanna ruin the party, wanna ruin my life. You can do it right now in front of everybody. Or not. I'm not seeing anybody, Andy. It was a one-off thing, you and me. And it's not going to happen again...with anybody. So... ..don't. Can you please answer yes or no. I've just perjured myself. I just lied in court. Bugger off, Janet. Thank you, I will. Don't tell Gill what you've just told me. Back off, lady. You do not do that to one of my officers. You should have told me about the baby. You're gonna die! You're gonna die! You really shouldn't make threats like that. itfc subtitles 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 