Scott & Bailey: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Scott & Bailey 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Scott & Bailey (2011–2016): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Partly due to Rachel's ex-lover Nick Savage's ruthless courtroom cross-examination of her, his client Georgios Stelikos is found not guilty of the rape of drug addict Hannah Conway and murder of another girl but within days Stelikos is also found murdered. A hung-over and bruised Hannah is brought in for questioning but is she the killer? Rachel miscarries and also loses her flat when Nick claims it back after his wife, learning of his affair, throws him out. She moves in with Janet and her family and takes an interest in the case of Veronica. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm pregnant. You can't want a baby. Why not? Am I not the type? I'm having an abortion on Wednesday. I can't do this. What can't you do? It's a baby. It's flesh and blood. I've never dealt with a serial killer before. I've spoken to Cold Case, it's on their list. Great. Don't do too much of it in my time. Shall I tell Adrian about us? Yeah, why not? If you want to ruin my life. Scott & Bailey 1x3  Original Air Date on June 12, 2011 == Transcript by Chocolate == == Re-sync, corrected by APOLLO == 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You shouldn't be doing this. You ready? I don't know. Come on. Come on. Shit. You want to take a chill pill, you. I don't know what the mad rush is. They've started. So what? He's guilty, he'll plead, it's a foregone conclusion. They're not even going to want to see any exhibits. There's no way he'll plead. Oh, he'll plead. Even if he pleads for manslaughter, there's no way he's going to plead guilty to murder and rape. I thought he was only charged with murder. The prosecution allege that in the early hours 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 of Saturday the 2nd of August 2010, the defendant, Georgios Stelikos, raped and murdered by strangulation Maya Woods, whose body he then re-dressed and abandoned outside her parents' home. The prosecution also seek to prove that on Sunday the 15th of May 2008, the defendant raped and partially strangled Hannah Conway. What's the point? He's not going to get anything extra for a two-year-old rape. The point is, he's a serial rapist. Gill doesn't want him sent down for 12 years for murder and then back out and not on the sex offenders' register. How come I missed this? It'd be when you were on loan at syndicate five. We turned up another four women, they'd all attended at St Mary's and they'd all been sexually assaulted in exactly the same way as Maya and they described Stelikos right down to his tattoos. But it was only Hannah Conway who was willing to come and give evidence. Why complicated a straightforward, in-the-bag murder charge with iffy rape charges? He drugged her and asphyxiated her while he was penetrating her. That's not just rape. That's violent, pre-meditated rape. And you think she should let him get away with it? Good morning. I'm leaving you to it, just wanted to make sure the prosecution said everything they were supposed to say in our opening speech. And did they? More or less. Good luck, ladies. Not that you should need it. Not with the murder, anyway. Bit of luck with the rape maybe. Who's defending? Nicholas Savage. Looks about as savage as a wet sponge. Detective Constable Bailey. DC Bailey. You arrested Mr Stelikos at 7pm. Yes. But he wasn't interviewed until the following morning. Is that correct? Yes. And is it true that when he was put into the cell, you made a point of going with him? Along with the custody officer? Erm...I wouldn't usually do that once I'd handed someone over to the custody sergeant, no. Perhaps I can jog your memory. Is it true that you said to him as he was being locked up... 'Sweet dreams, pretty boy.'? No. Do you recall not saying it? I didn't say it. Mr Stelikos has made it very clear that that is what you said to him. So you decided that he was guilty before you'd even interviewed him, didn't you? I didn't say it. And that's why you belittled him and spoke to him as you did. Isn't it? I... I didn't... And doesn't it typify your attitude throughout the whole investigation? No. Didn't you and other members of your team... close your mind to other avenues of inquiry? No. Did you ever, at any point, consider the possibility that Mr Stelikos had simply gone for an innocent evening out? The fact that Maya's drink was spiked before she left the club with the defendant, the fact that she had been asphyxiated and his semen was inside her after she left the defendant's flat - Please answer yes or no. ..meant that by the time we had identified him, he was clearly a person of some significant interest to us. So, no, you never really considered the possibility that his version of events was true. Did he spot the bump? Err...no. I just perjured myself. I just lied in court. How? It was nothing, it was tiny, it was just stupid. But he knew I'd said it to Stelikos and it was the first thing he did, so I was on the back foot, panicking through the whole thing, talking shite, babbling like an idiot. Detective Constable Scott. It'll be nowhere near as bad as you think, believe me. I've made a right fool of myself in there before now. Hannah's downstairs with her victim support worker if you want to go say hello. Please give your full name and rank to the court. Janet Scott, Detective Constable, Manchester Metropolitan Police Major Incident Team. DC Scott, were you the exhibits officers in this case? Yes. And in this role, did you attend the post-mortem of Maya Woods? Yes. What can you tell us about the clothes the deceased was wearing? It was immediately apparent to me that someone other than herself had dressed her, IE, after death had occurred. Apparent? How? Her tights were on back to front. When you takes your tights off, there's always an impression left where they heel goes. So when you put them back on... No woman would ever put her own tights on the wrong way round. Hannah. Told you I wouldn't let you down. Where's Sian? She's gone to the loo. Can I get you another coffee? No, thanks. I'm shaking enough, look! It's going to be tough in there and you know he's going to bring up your past, but all you have to do is tell the truth. We might not get the rape conviction Hannah - ..but we're going to try. Yeah, damned right we are. You remember, whatever happens in there, whatever the outcome on the rape charge, that maggot is going down for a long, long time for killing Maya. And I was lying there, naked. I don't know how I'd got naked. He was on top of me. Inside me and...he had his hands round my neck. I couldn't move. I couldn't breathe. I thought I was going to die. Did you know why you couldn't move? I think I realised that I'd been drugged. Even when it was happening, cos...I wasn't actually that drunk. I mean, I'd had a bit to drink, but I wasn't that bad. And then what happened? The next thing I remember, I was... walking down the street, dressed. I don't know how I'd got dressed. Just knowing that I'd been raped. I've just got one final question. Were you asked to identify the man who inflicted this repugnant sexual assault on you, in a formal identification process? Yes, I was. And was that man identified? Yes. No more question, My Lord. Miss Conway. Are you someone who is capable of coming into a court and telling lies? No. Can I take you back to the November of 2007? You had a job, didn't you, in 2007? Yes. Where were you working? Cross Keys pub in Failsworth. And can you tell the court why you lost that employment? Miss Conway? I took some money. You stole some money. And it went to court, didn't it? The magistrates' court. Yes. And you told the court that you hadn't stolen the money, didn't you? Miss Conway? Yes. But in fact you had done it, hadn't you? Because you were found guilty. So... I'm going to repeat the question. Are you somebody who is capable of coming into a court and telling lies? Miss Conway? I think you've made your point, Mr Savage. So, earlier in the year, when Detective Constable Bailey approached you. How willing were you to come and give evidence in court? Bit nervous at first. Nervous. Reluctant? Is that a fair word to use? Till she persuaded me. How long did it take her to persuade you? Days, weeks, months? A few weeks. So she was very persistent. Even thought you'd made it very clear to her that you didn't want to come to court. Just give me a minute. Just give me a second. You are skating on such thin ice, pal. I thought you were getting rid of it. You told me that you were getting rid of it. It? Yeah, I was. But I couldn't. Don't worry, I'm not going to string you for maintenance, because I don't want you to have anything to do with it. And if you continue in trying to pull me to bits in there, I will wreck your marriage and your career faster than you can say - I'm just doing my job. And you really shouldn't make threats like that. You are using things I told you in private. And you should've told me about the baby! You can't just make decisions like this. If it's mine - Oh, I love this 'if'. I think your assistant is wondering what you're doing talking to a nasty, manipulative bitch like me. Why do you always wear black in court? Respect. If we're in court, it's because someone's died. Gill reckons it helps the jury focus on how serious it is, what the defendant's done. Well, what if they're innocent? If they've got to court, then they've done it, believe you me. Hoops we have to jump through to get them there. I got 98% on my German test. Languages. You see, you get that from your dad. That was one mother of a big fuck-off ding-ding you and me dad had this morning, cock. Oh, God. Where is he? I think he's went upstairs, sulking. Two things. Syntax, get it right. And the f-word, don't bother. (WEATHER PLAYS ON TV) I'm sorry. Ade, about this morning. I was in court. There was no way I could be late. It was only the flaming dishwasher. I appreciated it doesn't empty itself and it was my turn but - Can you get it out of your head that it was about the dishwasher? It was about so much more, Janet, than the stupid dishwasher. You're not seriously going to sleep in here? I'm watching telly. Right, Captain. Bugger off, Janet. Thank you, I will. Georgios Stelikos changed his story. (READS) 'I dropped Maya off outside her parents' house. I watched her walk up the path. I saw her let herself into the house.' And you've seen the police interview with Mr Stelikos, where he elaborates on seeing her take the key out of her bag. We now know that this didn't happen. Because the police subsequently found that key on the floor at Mr Stelikos' flat. And that's when he was obliged to change his story. And that's all it was, a story, a lie. A lie he had to construct, because Maya Woods was already dead when he drove her body there and dumped it. The police failed to follow up other leads. And as a result, their entire case against Mr Stelikos became based on lazy assumptions, made by officers who had decided they could make him fit their bill. And on top of the police's relentless pursuit of anything and everything that falsely pointed towards Mr Stelikos being a murderer, they also want us to believe that he's a rapist. But all they've got to justify their claims is the reluctant testimony of a registered drug addict. Who Detective Constable Bailey badgered and then groomed to tell you what she'd like you to hear. And that is why you cannot lawfully find Mr Stelikos guilty of either one of these two charges. (BOTH WHISPER) Twat. Did I tell you that Hannah once showed me this photo of herself, from before. Before he did what he did to her. She was really pretty. Had long hair, blonde, sweet looking. She had...a life. And she enjoyed it. Well, you know, perhaps when this... delightful man is behind bars, she can get it back on track. (MOBILE BLEATS) Jury's coming back in. I'll get the bill. You phone Gill. She'll want to be in for this. Have a nice day, Chief Inspector. You're kidding. You've said it yourself, Gill, there's no accounting for the complete dickheads you can end up with on a jury. But...so, the murder? Both counts, not guilty. (TELEPHONE RINGS) DS Roper. Andy...you won't believe this. He's got off. Both counts. How the hell did that happen? She shouldn't have complicated it with that rape charge. What happened, boss? Don't, Julie. How was that justice for my daughter - Got to go, Andy. I'll ring you back. The man's as guilty as sin. It's written right through him. It's all over his face. Mrs Woods, I'm amazed. I'm, appalled. I hardly know what to say to you. I've been a police officer for 27 years and this - it's just - They should never have got that scruffy bit of trailer trash in. That was what did it! This was about my daughter dying, in appalling circumstances. Not that grubby article. Come on, love. She never used to be a grubby article. You all right, boss? No, I'm not. I'm going to have to go and get plastered. Yeah. I don't make bad calls. No, Gill, we know. So how come I just made on then? Eh? What the hell on earth happened in there? A drink, I think. Come on, I'm buying. Two years, six months, five days and I tell you what, days like today, it can't come fast enough. You'll be bored out of your nut inside a week. You'll be knocking on the door begging to come back. Oh, don't you believe it. Have you got any fags, Rachel? No, I'm not smoking. Why? I feel like one. You haven't smoked a cigarette in 15 years. Yes, I have. When? Days like today, Janet. Days like today. You bastard! Hannah! You shitty little coward! (CLAMOURING AND PUNCHING) Hannah! You're gonna die! You're gonna die! Not worth it. Leave it. No, I'll kill him. I'm gonna kill him! No! You're gonna wake up dead, arsehole. And it'll be me that's done it! Oi! Get off, bitch! You lying little bitch! You told me whatever happened he was going down for Maya! You back off, lady! You do not do that to one of my officers! Ever! Go home. Mad bitch. Shut up and go. You bastard! Pond life! Shit for brains! Hannah! Hannah, look at me. Look at me. Look at me. Assaulting a police officer is three years. You consider yourself very lucky. Take her home. Any better? This is all my fault? What is? The whole thing. I gave him his defence. No, you didn't. No, Janet. I did. No, you didn't. You did your job. You did what Gill told you to do. This was Gill's big idea to find other women who'd been raped by him. You just - I used to talk to him about it. Who? Nick. When we were investigating nine months ago, I used to talk to him, in the evenings. That's how he knew I said, 'Sweet dreams, pretty boy.' Because I told him. He knew how I badgered Hannah to testify. I was nearly living on her doorstep at one point. He knew I was obsessed with pinning stuff on Stelikos. And I know it was all for the right reasons, but...I gave him everything that he needed to construct that defence. And he got away with it, all of it, everything. Shit. What? He's a barrister... and you're telling him stuff like that? No, he was my boyfriend. Do you not tell Ade stuff? Ade's a geography teacher and, no, I don't. So, he was a barrister. How many barristers are there in Manchester? Come on, what was the odds of him ending up representing that nasty little - Well, clearly not that extreme, because that's exactly what he ended up doing. Sorry. Don't apologise to me, love. It's not my daughter that's dead. Well... OK - You wonder why Gill goes on at you sometimes, huh? You still haven't made that leap, have you? You what? You're a detective. There are some things you don't talk about to anyone. Don't tell Gill what you've just to me. Because she'll leg you. You've seen the mood she's in. She'll have you off the MIT. Look... Shit happens. We're just going to have to move on. I just need to... You know I missed the play that Elise was in at school because of this job? Because three nights on the trot, Her Ladyship had us buzzing around clubs in Oldham. And I didn't half get ear ache off Ade about it. But I thought - I thought, no, no, it's worth it, because we are going to nail this murdering bastard. and you're talking to Nick about it? Oh...I'm bleeding. What? The baby. I'm bleeding. I'm sorry. We've both looked really carefully and we're not getting a heartbeat. I'm afraid the baby's died. I'll pop outside in a minute and try ringing your sister again. What? Er...what did they say again about what's going to happen? I wasn't taking that in. There's like a suite that they're going to take you to and they're going to induce it. Now? Yeah. So I'm not having an operation? No. They want you to deliver it normally. They think it's better if they don't have to operate. You'll be home by tomorrow. It's just weird having something dead that's inside you. (SIGHS) What an odd day. (MOBILE RINGS) Gill Murray. He looks like he's had a bit of a battering. Good morning. What is it? Hit and run? Hit and reverse over the body several hundred times and then run. I have no idea. It's a mess, I can tell you that. Look at this. If you don't mind me interfering with your human rights. Both his eyes have popped out. Do you know, I have never seen that. One eye? Yes. Two eyes? What? Tattoo, like a star. Inside left wrist. No way. Hallelujah. There is a God after all. Georgios Stelikos. I'm amazed Gill didn't send you home. No, she erm... said, 'Take off as long as you want or come back in if you want to keep busy.' She - No, she was um... Sorry. Do they know why it happened? They think that the umbilical cord was too narrow, so it wasn't getting enough stuff - protein - through. They think it died over a week ago. They advised me not to look at it, so it mustn't have looked very erm... I nearly said, 'I've seen more dead bodies than you've had hot dinners, pal.' But I didn't look at it. Are you sure you're fit to be on duty? Yes. I'm sorry I was heavy handed with you - No, no, no. No, I need telling. If you didn't keep me in line, I'd be... God knows. I'd have been back in uniform months ago. I am learning, Janet. I will learn. Good. Cos I'd be bored out of my tree without you to look forward to every day. (KNOCKING AT DOOR) Why do you want? Oh, I'm fine. Thank you. You lying bitch. Hannah! I was as upset as you were. You was? You managed to get over it already, have you? We need to ask you some questions, Hannah. About what? No, not here. How much have you had to drink? When? Can you tell me what day of the week it is? How're you feeling? How many fingers? How are you feeling? I don't know. You tell me, bitch. You call me that one more time, Hannah. What were you up to last night? Dunno. Why? Those bruises look nasty. There was an incident last night. And we need to ask you some questions about your whereabouts when it happened. What we need is you, sober, down at the station now. Eat your butty, drink your tea. What incident? OK... Stelikos is dead. How? We don't know exactly, yet. Not till the pathologist tells us. Hannah. Hannah, you made death threats to Stelikos in front of three police officers yesterday. So please believe me when I tell you that nobody else is laughing. This is ridiculous. I begged Ian Fielding to give it to another syndicate. Why won't he? We're the only syndicate with any capacity. MIT is at breaking point. They decided this at a strategic leadership meeting last night. I told him, 'You better tell command, because they're not going to know what's hit them when the press get hold of it.' Stelikos' family's kicking off apparently. Do you blame them? Do you really think she's capable? She has enough on every day getting herself out of bed. Anyone's capable. If there's one thing I know about murder, it's that anyone's capable. There are still some significant gaps in what you're telling us, Hannah. Listen, I keep telling you, I've been off my head. I don't know what I've been doing. I don't think I've killed anybody, but... How did I do it? Did I shoot him? Ideally I would've garrotted him with some rusty barbed wire. And one round his balls as well. Rachel. What are you playing at? Have you changed the fucking lock? You stupid bitch. Sorry, are we talking to me? What you thinking? When? Do you think? You don't, do you? You just... do whatever comes into your head next. Are you drunk? Yeah. Where are you? Burger bar in Chapel Street... We had a deal. Had. What? You couldn't stand losing, could you? I'm sorry, Nick, you are way ahead of me. I'm struggling to keep up with you. Someone... rang my wife and told her that you were having my baby. Well, it wasn't me. Well then who the hell did then? I don't know. I have no idea. Why don't you try your Miss Bimbo Junior Counsel. How well does she know Caroline? Because she seemed very interested when you came over to talk to me the other day. You're not shagging her as well, are you? Right, anyway. Well, the upshot is that she knows and she's kicked me out, so, guess what? I need the flat back. Hang on a minute. What? You can't. Can't I? Why not? She's found out. You can't blackmail me any more. I have rented my flat out through an agency. So I would need to give a month's notice if I wanted it back. Yeah, well, you know, if you're going to dish it out, you need to be able to take it, don't you? Rachel. I lost the baby. It died last night. This is all your stuff. I took the liberty. You didn't think it was mine, did you? Bye. Sorry, we're closing in five minutes, love. (CAR HORN) There you go. It's hardly the Malmaison but - I know. I would've rung our Alison, but, you know, she's not got room to swing a mouse. And anyway, I would've had to talk and explain and go through it endlessly, so... I'm glad you're here. Ade and I had a bit of a shouting match the other day and he's been sleeping in here ever since. So, you know. I think it's not bad thing if he's forced back. What's all this? Oh, yeah. Dig in if you're bored of an evening. It's that girl I told you about. You know the one I was at school with. There you go, boss. Has that got sugar in it? No. (SIGHS) Three! She loves you. She'd do anything for you. You're right up there with Lady GaGa. I'm speechless. You're pale. I'll make you something to eat. Thank you, Janet. Thank you! Yes, a light blue... Volkswagon Passat. A hit and run? My car? Just outside the city centre in the small hours, yesterday. The thing is, Mr Helliwell, is that inside, the vehicle hadn't been tampered with at all. So what we were wondering is if the person that took your vehicle had access to a key. Was anybody hurt? Do you have your own key? Do you have a spare key? Erm...top drawer. Did you have any visitors yesterday? Only my cousin. What's your cousin's name? She wouldn't steal my car. Sian Cook. She's Hannah's victim support worker. We've got an address. Do you want us to get round there now? Maybe she's at work. Either that or she's hiding upstairs, shitting herself. Yeah, or it still could be Hannah. You know, leaning on Sian to get her a car. Yeah, could be. Right, what do you want to do? Are you all right? I might have to go and sit in the car for a bit. Do you want me to drive you home? No, I'm fine. You're not fine. You've got no colour. I told you you were daft coming back to work so soon. (MOBILE RINGS) I'm fine. Hello. DC Bailey, it's Sian Cook. Hannah's friend. Hello, Sian. I got your number off Hannah. I need to talk to you. Yeah, I need to talk to you too. Where are you? It doesn't matter where I am. There's just something I need you to know. OK. It had nothing to do with Hannah. What didn't? What happened to Stelikos. Hannah knew nothing at all. How do you know that? Because I'm telling you. Yeah, I'm just asking how you know that, Sian. Because it was me. I did it. I ran the pig over! Where are you, Sian? I told you, it doesn't matter. Well, it matters to me, because I need to talk to you. Well, you are talking to me. No, properly. Face to face. I'm not going to prison. Can you tell me where you are, Sian? Sian? I don't want to die! You're not going to die. Where is she? Hello, Sian? This is Janet. I'm a colleague of Rachel's. Do you remember me? Listen, love. We want to help you. We do want to help you. But you have to let us know where you are. Sian, listen. I know you're frightened and I know you've been through something unimaginable, but we can help you. But I can only help you if you let me know where you are. I'm at the top of the multi-storey on Ferris Road. Listen, Sian, I'm going to hand you back to Rachel now, because I've got to drive. But we're going to be with you in five or six minutes, yeah? And we're going to help you. I promise you, we're going to help you. Are you? I don't know. (PHONE BEEPS) She's at the top of the multi-storey on Ferris Road. Be positive, but don't lie to her. (PHONE BEEPS) Hi, Sian. It's Rachel again. Erm...I... (SCOTT'S PHONE DIALS) Just chat to her. Have you lived round here long, Sian? No, no, I'm just asking. I'm just interested. We've just been talking to your cousin, he seems like a nice fella. (SCOTT'S PHONE RINGS) Have you seen any good films lately? Force operations room. Hello. This is DC Scott, Major Incident Team. We've got a bit of a situation at the moment with a suspect indicating she's going to harm herself. Sian, we're here. Are you up to this? I need a big bar of chocolate and a cup of tea with far too much sugar in it, OK? Is that how you entice them down? No, that's for you, you pillock. Listen, what I need is for you to stay upright and stop me creeping forward, all right? You're an intelligent woman, Sian. Can you tell me what you're thinking and if you can see a way forward, because I know I can. I couldn't stand it. I've seen it so many times. Lives ruined by this unthinking, unfeeling. It's not even brutality. It's evil. And nothing changes. You get to court and even the criminal justice system lets you down. It was a bad decision. I always knew this is how I'd end up. What do you mean? It happened to me. Do you want to talk about it? When I was 15. This bloke my dad knew. I never told anyone. Not for years. I spent all my teenage years being innocuous, trying to hide. Not wanting to be looked at, like Hannah. Trying to be so not there that no-one'd even notice if you didn't turn up to your own... I never got married. I never had children. I never went to college. I never did anything. And I could've. I could've done all those things if it wasn't for that bastard! My whole life was... But I knew I'd get him one day. Or someone like him. And now I have. But I'm not going to prison, because of him. Sian... I'm not going to lie to you, there are things that you're going to have to face up to, but people need you. People like Hannah need you. How's she going to feel if she loses you? Don't you think that she's had enough to deal with? And all those other people you've helped over the years. How many have there been? 40, 50? How many? A lot. A lot, I can tell you. Yes. And they're not going to want to read in the papers that the person who helped them through the worst thing that ever happened to them in their lives has taken her own life. Are they? And I'll tell you something else. When they read in the papers and they see in the news what you did, they're going to know, they're going to know that that verdict was wrong. That's what I think. You can face what you have to face and move on. I really believe you can do that. But I don't regret what I've done. Sian... I think you did what all of us would dearly loved to have done. (SIAN CRIES) Look, just open the bloody door and get out here before I kick it in. No. Not till he apologises. Look, Elise, I've had a long day. I'm not in the mood for this. I hate him. And I hate you too! You're priceless, you. You can talk a suicidal woman off the roof, but you can't get your own daughter out the bathroom. Elise! It's Rachel. Come you come out, kid? I'm busting for the loo. No, you're not. No, I am. (BOLT UNLOCKS) Don't lock yourself in rooms. If you banged your head and knocked yourself out and we couldn't get in - We'd kick it in, cos we're trained. Sorry, Rachel. Do you know your mother saved someone's life today? Sorry. I think you should say sorry to your dad as well. People just want to be given a way out, don't they? Once they've dug themselves in. Most of the time. I'd have been hopeless at what you did today. How are you feeling? I'm fine. You don't have to live in there, you know, you can come downstairs. I've been reading your Veronica Hastings stuff. What's his name? Your retired copper. Tom Walters, Detective Super. Has anyone ever noticed - if this theory of yours is correct and all the murders are linked. All the victims are exactly the same age that Veronica would've been, had she lived. Exactly the same. How weird's that? If I find out you've lied to me, you'll walk through that door for the last time. This woman - Is he dead then? ..she makes Myra Hindley look like a Blue Peter presenter. Are you and Andy having a fling? Please just think about it. I'll think about it. Has she ever... Has she ever what? ..cheated on me? It's a wonder we stay sane, working with these buggers all day. itfc subtitles == Transcript by Chocolate == == Re-sync and correction by APOLLO ==. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 