Scott & Bailey: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Scott & Bailey 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Scott & Bailey (2011–2016): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 Rachel is carpeted by Gill, the inspector, who feels that her affair with Savage was partly responsible for the Stelikos case collapsing. Then nervous Janice Jadzowski reports the disappearance of work colleague Gary Birkinshaw, whom she believes has been killed by his ex-porn star wife Vicky and her 'lodger' Ashad Sodunke. Vicky claims that she did not report his disappearance as she believed he was in Basingstoke with his mistress. Whilst the male officers find her alluring Gill, Janet and Rachel are less convinced of her innocence and Vicky's flirtation with the camera and love of jewellery may prove them right. Sergeant Andy Roper, who once had a fling with Janet, tells her he still has feelings for her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I just perjured myself. I just lied in court. I don't make bad calls. Some things you don't talk about to anyone. So how come I just made one? I need the flat back. I lost the baby. Here you go. It's hardly the Malmaison. Veronica Hastings. She was only six and then she turned up dead. Is that what you wanted to ask me? If we could reopen it? Yeah. Taisie, you've got Games, remember. (HORN BLARES) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 RADIO: ...a lot of regeneration in Manchester. (SINGS ALONG TO CD) # And I'll never love again Go on, Gary. Hey! Move! (SIRENS) Morning. Morning. Morning. So much crap on your desk, Kevin. Janet, how are you doing? Yeah, I'm good, thank you. I hope you saw I put down the phone this time. Rachel. I've had a phone call from a Caroline Savage. That mean anything to you? I told her it's none of my business who my officers sleep with, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 but if she wants to take it to Professional Standards, that's her call. Did ya? Mm. I gave her their number. And what will they do? Nothing. It's none of their business who you sleep with. I didn't know he was married. Did I ask? You can ask Janet. She knows I was gutted when... And is it really that...barrister who got that murdering, raping, lying scumbag, Stelikos, off that we're on about? Yes. When I read the transcript of the court proceedings, with great interest, wondering where the hell we went wrong, I couldn't fathom how Nicholas Savage knew how much you'd badgered Hannah Conway to give evidence in court. Cos that was the cornerstone of his defence, almost. Wasn't it? How we targeted that innocent man. I was sitting there, reading it, thinking, "How the hell on earth did you know that? Who the hell on earth told him that? Not Hannah. Not you." And then this woman, out of the blue, rings me up and tells me that one of my officers is sleeping with the man himself. In my position, Rachel... what would you be thinking? I wouldn't jeopardise the case. I don't know how he knew. Maybe he assumed... Stelikos is dead because of that verdict and Sian Cook is gonna spend 12 years or so staring at the same four walls. You still don't think I've made that leap, do you? And I have. I don't talk...to anybody about what we do. If I find out at any time in the future that you've lied to me, you will apologise to every member of this syndicate... I swear... ..and Hannah Conway, and walk through that door for the last time. Is there anything I've said that you're struggling with? No. (TUTS) Sleeping with the enemy? Piss off, Kevin. You'd shag roadkill if it was still warm. D'you know, you shag one sheep... A woman at the front desk wants to speak to a non-uniform about a missing from home. Missing? This is the Major Incident Team. Division's just had two armed robberies so CID's all tucked up. D'you mind? Hello. Would you like to come through? And who is it you want to report missing, Janice? A fella I work with. OK. Can you tell me his name? Gary Birkinshaw. And what's his address? 47, Coldhurst Road, Chadderton. I don't know the postcode. And is there anyone else living at the address, do you know? His wife and his daughter. Oh. So why haven't they reported him missing? She said she had. Four weeks ago. His wife. But er... I'm not convinced she did. You see, er... I think she's done something to him. Her and her nasty little boyfriend. "Done something to him"? What sort of something? I think they've killed him. And I think she's twigged on that I think that. And I'm frightened. Cos this woman... she makes Myra Hindley look like a Blue Peter presenter. When she said it, I thought, "Is she mad?" But honestly, five, ten minutes later I'm agreeing with her. So she told you that he was in Basingstoke. Yeah. So I'm like, "Why isn't he answering anyone's calls, then?" Texts, anything. What makes you so sure they've done something to him? We know he wasn't happy at home because of this affair she's been having with this Sodunke bloke. This what bloke? Ashad Sodunke. He's a...layabout. Arrogant. He's a right tosser. The thing is, when I went round their house, Sodunke sat on the settee in front of the telly, in his boxers. There's no way he'd be there like that if there was any danger of Gary walking through that door. No way. Gary's a big bloke. He's handy with his fists. Gary would have to be on the moon, never mind Basingstoke, for Ashad Sodunke to be carrying on like that in his house. They know he's not coming back. They know. The wife did report him missing ten days after he was last sighted. After Janice, the woman from this morning, went round there and said that if they didn't report him missing, she would. At which same time, the wife... Myra. Vicky, she's called. ..is telling everybody he's with another woman in Basingstoke. If you're convinced that your husband's in Basingstoke with another woman, why d'you allow yourself to be put under pressure to report him missing? That is, unless you're hiding something. You don't. Rachel's made a couple of phone calls and his mobile hasn't been used since Uniform checked it out in March. His bank cards haven't been used since March 18th. Plus on March... When was it? March 22nd. Three days after the last sighting of him, Vicky puts the rent book into her name. And we still haven't turned up any ANPR sightings of his vehicle at any time in the last five weeks. Plus she hasn't been in once since the initial reporting him missing to find out how we're getting on looking for him. But neither has anyone else. And there's a daughter. Eve. She's 16. So...there's no body. But there's no signs of life, either. Leave it with me. I'll flag it up to Command. But we're up for the next job, anyway. Just give me a couple of minutes. That... That bitch of a wife has rang Her Majesty and told her that I've been at it with her husband. Of course, she's read the flaming court proceedings and she's put two and two together and she knows it was me that told Nick about Stelikos. How can she know? She can't know. Not for sure. No, course not. Would I be stood here in one piece if she did? All I've ever wanted, all my life, was to work on MIT, and if I lose my job because of that bastard, Janet, I don't know what I'd do, but it wouldn't be good. Keep your nerve. Keep your nose clean. Keep your head down and move on. Sian Cook is gonna spend 12 years in prison because of that verdict. Sian Cook made a decision to kill. You can't take that on yourself. Oh, hello. We're going for it. Can you draft me a quick op order for the arrest? Her and Sodunke? Yeah. If he's there. I've told Andy to keep researching that address and I've told everyone to come in at 6am. We'll be knocking on her door at 7. Vicky Birkinshaw? Yeah. Manchester Metropolitan Police Major Incident Team. Can we come in, please? Have you found him? Is there anyone else in the property besides yourself? I've a lodger. He's in bed. What's his name? Ashad. Surname? Sudonke. Why? Mrs Birkinshaw, I'm arresting you on suspicion of the murder of Gary Birkinshaw. What? Why? It may harm your defence if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Is your daughter in the property? No. Can you tell me where she is? I dunno. At her boyfriend's. KEVIN: Oh no, you don't, sunshine. Mitch! Just do what they tell you! We'll get it sorted out. You've got the wrong end of the stick. Have you got an address for your daughter's boyfriend? No. What's his name? Reece. Reece what? I dunno. Just Reece. Why? Where does he work? I've got no idea. I ain't even dressed. You'll do. Put your shoes on. DC Scott will escort you upstairs, if you'd like to get dressed. Is he dead, then? Is Gary dead? We'll discuss that down the nick. You really have got the wrong end of the stick. After you. What's up? Have you never seen a ball gag and a dildo before? Get dressed, Mrs Birkinshaw. You've got three minutes. Hey, if you want a laugh, pop down to the custody desk. This woman is like... Oh, God knows. Off the Rocky Horror Show. And they are all over her. Who are? The fellas. There's me, trying to get her booked in... Sarge, this is Victoria Birkinshaw. Get you a nice, hot cup of tea in a minute, Vicky. She was arrested at ten past seven this morning at her home address on suspicion of murder. That tie really suits you. I'm the arresting officer. Detective Constable Scott. Kevin, you'd expect. But Andy? Vicky, would you mind slipping your jewellery off and popping it in the tray? The sergeant will give you your rights. Sorry. Detective Constable Scott, collar number 6274. "Would you mind?" Would you mind kissing my arse? She's murdered her flaming husband. So is she gorgeous or what? I think she's got a face like a bust shoe, but she does something to fellas that goes right over my head. Are you the exhibits officer? Yeah. I've given Forensics an hour or so to get cracking. Well, you're in for a real treat, I'm telling you. Why? Hardcore porn merchants. No way. "What's up with ya? Have you never seen a ball gag and a dildo before?" You'll love meeting this one. I'm not meeting anyone till we charge her. Was Sodunke there? Yep. And the daughter? Nope. Andy, I want the daughter found as a priority. I'm on it. I had a call from the CSM. They found all sorts in the cellar. Lights, cameras, editing suite. They got their own porno industry down there. That'll keep somebody busy, viewing all their home-made DVDs. "Vicky, would you mind slipping your jewellery off and popping it in the tray?" So, Mrs Birkinshaw, your solicitor's explained the situation to you and you understand why you've been arrested. Yes? I understand that you believe that my husband is dead. Even though you've not found a body. So no...I don't really understand why I've been arrested. The fact that your husband's now been missing for over five weeks and the fact that he hasn't used his mobile phone or his car or his bank cards in that time leads us to regard his disappearance as suspicious. He's in Basingstoke. We'll come to that later. Can you tell me, starting at the beginning, anything about your relationship with your husband around the time that he went missing? My husband. He might be dead. And OK, we weren't together any more, but it's... It's still... You know. When you've been close to someone... Would you like a glass of water, Vicky? Can I call you Vicky? OK. (MOANING, GROANING) VICKY: You've been bad, haven't you, slave? On your knees. Start licking. Whoa, put it away, love. Go on. (VICKY MOANS) I want it harder! Want it harder, do you? Harder! (ASHAD GROANS) (VICKY SHRIEKS) Very controlling. That's what we fell out about. (SIGHS) Had a temper like you wouldn't believe. Manipulative. Scheming. In fact...you know what? I've worked it out. I've worked out what's happened. Oh, what's that, then, Vicky? Someone's come along and put this idea in your heads. That me and Ashad's done something to him. Haven't they, eh? Mm? You know he's shagging her? Janice. Don't ya? Oh, yeah. He's making it look like he's disappeared. Deliberately. He's set us up. For murder. He's laughing his socks off somewhere. And you are helping him. He's using you. You wanna search her house. I bet he's there. Gary Birkinshaw employed Ashad Sodunke as a porn... Well, I'll say "star", but I use the word loosely. ..to perform with his wife. But Gary gets upset when he finds Ashad doing unpaid overtime with Vicky, so Gary beats Ashad up. But Vicky and Ashad continue to see one another because they're "in love". That's a motive. Yes. Interesting thing, though. She never once refers to Gary in the past tense. Everything she says is consistent with him not being dead, in her mind. It's the same with Sodunke. He hasn't slipped up once. Yet. Ma'am, just because they're into a bit of kinky hardcore, it don't make 'em murderers. Where's the daughter? We've got no reason to think that anything has happened to her. There are calls between Vicky's phone and Eve's till yesterday. We're doing everything we can. We're talking to her schoolfriends. I've got FIOs out. Got the neighbourhood police on it. We've got house-to-house on Coldhurst Road. We will find her. Did you get anything from the DVDs? Bad acting, rubbish storylines, shit dialogue. Sorry. No, nothing that tells us anything about what happened to Gary. And absolutely nothing from the CSM to indicate the house is a crime scene? Is it not something you want to take seriously at all - this suggestion that he's faked his own disappearance? I want the daughter. Right, thank you. Night-night. So I said I'd cook for the girls tonight. Well, all of us. But...how about a takeaway? They'll love it. Yeah? What, Chinese? Er, I'll be back about ten. Why, where are you going? I'm meeting Geoff. Hastings. I promised him I'd catch up ages ago, but I keep cancelling it. I'll be back as soon as I can. I'd ring ahead and check that they haven't already eaten. Where's she racing off to? She's meeting her boyfriend. Taisie, it's me, kid. Have you eaten yet? I AM cooking for you. D'you like Chinese? It'll be about ten minutes, love. All right. I'll just be outside. Hello. Is that Caroline? Savage? WOMAN: Yeah. Please don't hang up. It's Rachel Bailey. I-I need to say something to you. I... I...just wanted you to know - and you may not believe this, that's up to you - but... I didn't know that he was married and I certainly didn't know that he had children. Mrs Savage, are you still there? Yes. Some women don't give a damn about how they affect other people, but I am not one of them. And I hope I never will be. OK. Look, I'm genuinely...deeply sorry. You'll be wanting to get off. I'm sorry, I've got nothing more to report. No, you're fine. I know you're busy. I'm touched that you bother, Janet. It's no bother. I just wish that there were more hours in the day. And, you know, I'm still optimistic. I'm more optimistic the more I read. Can't interest you in another, then? I said I'd be getting back - Good evening. Oh, hi, Andy. Can I buy you one? No, thanks. We were just... Well, I was just leaving. Just leaving? This is Geoff. I think I've mentioned him. I was at school with his sister. Nice. Not really. She was murdered. Janet's very kindly been looking into the records. Oh, yeah. Andy's my sergeant. Oh, right. So you help facilitate the... Er, no. That's Jill. She's our SIO. So you were just off then, were you? No. I was. Well, yeah. Erm...I was, yeah. Stay and have another. OK. Geoff, erm... Look, I'll ring you. I'll be in touch, OK? Yeah, OK. Erm... Well, thanks again for your time. Nice to meet you, Andy. Bye. That w... was just so entirely unnecessary. He fancies you. No, he doesn't. You can't see it. Because I don't have paranoid beer-goggles on. And anyway, how dare you? I'm having a drink with a friend, a man whose... He was 15 when his sister was violently raped and murdered. He's lived with that all his life and... ..you've just been... He's the sort of man that, normally, you'd be kindness itself to, Andy. And you've just made him feel like shit. Oh, God, Janet, I'm sorry. That was just... It was just thuggish. Janet, I'm sorry. And what was that today with that woman? "Vicky, just slip your jewellery off. Would you mind?" I said to Rach, "Kevin, you'd expect -" I'm sorry. All right? Were you jealous? Janet. Janet. I'm sorry. Janet! Can I say something, one thing, before you drive off? Look, I hate this. Being like this. I... I go on banging me head against a wall. I know it's not attractive, but... What happened between us, it was so... ..precious. And... ..I can't let go of it. I will never feel about anyone the way I feel about you. I knew it 20 years ago in training college and I know it now. And I know you're not happy with Adrian. Because you told me. I would work so hard to make you happy. If you'd give me the chance. You and the girls. We could have such a... a good life together. So please, just... Please just think about it. I'm sorry about your friend. Please let me apologise to him the next time you meet up with him. Will you think about it? Yes. Really? I'll think about it. Yeah. You should cook more often. Yeah. Indian, I'm good at, an' all. I bet you are. (CHUCKLES) Oh, there's no end to my talents. And I get 'em all off Janet. Is that right? I was an empty vessel till I met her. Now I'm full of shit. Close, aren't you? You and Janet. Well, I'm shagging her. Did you not know? I'm lying. I don't even fancy her. Have I said something? Has she ever... Has she ever what? ..cheated on me? Janet? Grow up. This last year, right... I mean, we've always had us ups and downs. It was just this one time last year and...well, I... I... I started to wonder. Are you serious? It was going up to Christmas. Some bash last year. That night that she slept at your flat. I didn't want to go. I've had enough police Christmas parties to last me a lifetime. So what happened? Nothing. Like I say, it... it was afterwards, really. We had a row about me not wanting to go, but normally, when we have a row.... we don't speak for a couple of days and then one of us - her - apologises and that's it, you know, until... until the next time, but... this were different. She couldn't apologise fast enough the next morning, but... ..but then, since then, it's like...something happened... ..and everything changed, somehow, and... Oh, I dunno. Well, you're not going to get anything if you can't agree on what you want. I hate mayonnaise. It makes me ill. I'm not eating egg whites. They're rubber. Calamari. That's rubber. Is she making calamari sandwiches? Were you born stupid or was it something you developed? Hey, I was thinking yesterday we're daft going in separate cars. I was surprised you were in bed when I got home last night. I wasn't that late. I just assumed we had a late one tonight, so... Hello. Morning. Morning. Ooh, sorry. Sorry. Morning. Morning. I've got the whole MMP looking for the daughter and she just turned up at the front desk. And Reece, the boyfriend - old enough to be her granddad. She's asking to speak to whoever's dealing with her mum. Good. Are you and Andy having a fling? Shut your mouth. Eve, hello. I'm Janet. Come through and I'll explain what's happening with your mum. Should I come in, as well? Reece, is it? Reece Birtle, yeah. I'm a friend of the family. I'm DC Bailey. We'll have a chat about what's happening. Thank you. OK. Eve, er, we've arrested your mother on suspicion of murder. As yet, we haven't found a body. But the person we suspect her of having murdered is your father, Gary Birkinshaw. Me dad's in Basingstoke. Reece, how well d'you know Vicky Birkinshaw? Erm, Vicky I know quite well. Could you tell me something about your relationship with her? I did him. Gary. I slit his throat and then me and Ashad got rid of the body. But it had nothing to do with Vicky. Or Eve. RACHEL: Reece, how did you persuade Gary into the warehouse in Moston? I told him that we'd found these premises that he might like for... you know, his filming, what he does. So I said that I'd meet him there. And we'd arranged that Ashad would be there already. With this machete. And when you say "we"? Me and...Ashad. And Ashad had a machete? Yeah. Where did he get this machete from? I didn't ask. So you lured him to the warehouse. Ashad was already waiting there with a machete. But you say it was you that slit his throat. Yeah. What happened to the machete after? Erm...we put it in a suitcase. With the body parts. After we cut him up. What happened to the suitcase? Ashad said he'd deal with them all. Er, there were three. Suitcases. And you don't know what happened to them? Ashad said he'd deal with them. Where did he get these suitcases from? Ashad got 'em. He organised it all. I just had to make sure that Gary got to the warehouse at two o'clock. OK, Reece, so if I took you to this warehouse in Moston... Boss. How's Eve? Er, you know weird? And then there's the Planet Weird. Well, if this household is the Planet Weird, we don't even get light from it. Eve is sleeping with Reece. Vicky gave her to him for his birthday. This poor child has been so twisted and perverted and corrupted, she doesn't know which way is up. What does she know about what happened to Gary? Vicky told her he's in Basingstoke with another woman and wouldn't return her calls because he couldn't give a toss about her. But Eve's made any number of calls to his phone over the last five weeks. I had Telecoms run up a list. If you "give"... your daughter to someone... ..you must be expecting something pretty major back. What, like...bumping off your husband for you? He's just the numb-nuts that's done it. I'm convinced Vicky's the brains behind it. Are you OK? You got a minute? Just outside. Would Rachel have told Nicholas Savage things off the record... when she was having it off with him? No. She knows better than that. Are you all right? D'you hate me? So was he the er... the er...swarthy, dark, Mediterranean-looking one? No. He was the one that looked like a pound of wet tripe in the moonlight. Sorry what I said. I'm sorry what I said. It's not...probably, quite what you think. No, no, it's none of my business, anyway. How did you know? Just something that Adrian said last night. Ade knows? No. He wondered. Not about Andy. Just generally. Last Christmas you had an argument, nothing he could put his finger on, but the night that you slept at my flat... I didn't tell him that you've never slept at my flat. It only happened once. It's not what I do. You don't have to tell me. I've regretted it ever since. It's like you and... telling Nick all that stuff. Sometimes you just have to shoulder the burden of your mistakes and carry on. And sometimes you want to confess, but you know damn well it wouldn't do anybody any good. Rach? Sorry. I need exhibit PT3 before I go back in with Sodunke. Sorry. No, no, you're fine. If I told you, Mr Sodunke, that Reece Birtle told us that on the afternoon of Saturday 22nd March you weren't at the Trafford Centre with Vicky like you told us you were, but in fact you were with him at a disused warehouse in Moston, what would be your response to that? I don't know where Moston is. I'll be honest with you, Mr Sodunke. He told us quite a bit more than that. If he's done something stupid and he's trying to implicate me, he's off his head. OK, I'm now showing Mr Sodunke exhibit reference PT3. Is that your credit card statement, Mr Sodunke? Can you confirm that that's your name at the top? Yeah. And your present address - 47 Coldhurst Road, Chadderton? Yeah. Can you look at the purchase you made on Thursday 20th March? It's just the one. Can you read it out to me? Mr Sodunke? You bought three suitcases from Robinson's in Cheadle. Is that correct? Can you confirm that for me, Mr Sodunke? Yeah. Can you tell me where those suitcases are now, Mr Sodunke? Hm? Where are they now, those suitcases? Mr Sodunke? 45 minutes ago, POLSA retrieved three suitcases from the canal right next to the warehouse where Reece told us Gary Birkinshaw was murdered. Each containing what appeared to be dismembered body parts. Oh, yes. That were lucky, wasn't it? Sodunke doesn't drive. The assumption was the body would be within walking distance. The body's on its way to the mortuary, the cases are in the lab. But what we still haven't got is anything to directly implicate Vicky Birkinshaw. Both blokes say the same thing - Vicky had nothing to do with it. You wanna believe that, don't you? Why are you so keen to believe that she was involved? Ma'am. Because she's an evil bitch. Who gives their daughter to a paedophile for his birthday? It's like finding out Father Christmas doesn't exist, isn't it? And if she's not involved, what's their motivation? There is none. They're enthralled by her. They're obsessed with her. Same as you lot are. That's why they're covering up for her. What's happening with the girl? I've rung Social Services, but...she's 16. She knew he was dead when she filled in this Missing From Home form. Sorry, who did? Vicky. Janice, the one that reported him missing - it struck me as odd when I read it. She knew he'd broke both his legs three years ago in a car crash. In the Any Injuries section. Why's that odd? It isn't in itself. But in the form Vicky fills in, she says he has never had any serious injuries. So? So if, in the future, a body turns up which by that stage was only identifiable by skeletal remains, and there's scar tissue from where the bones healed... Vicky has put that her husband has never had any serious injuries, well, we probably wouldn't think to identify that body as Gary Birkinshaw. Do you think you might have shared this with the group earlier, Sherlock? I would have done, but I've only just seen it. D'you think she genuinely thought that far ahead? Yeah. I do. Clever bitch. Her. Not you. Not that you aren't. Clever. Obviously. Or a bitch. Yeah, keep digging, Scotty. That's not enough - with all the circumstantial we've got on her - to charge her. No, course not. But provable lies might be just enough to fluster her into saying something she regrets. Yeah, it was a bad accident. He was laid up for months. And yet, on the Missing From Home form, which you signed... ..you put "No serious injuries". So? Well, why did you say that when you knew it wasn't true? He didn't have any serious injuries when I reported him missing. No, the form asks if the missing person has ever suffered a serious injury. I dunno. I'd say I was upset. I was flustered. Must have misunderstood. And how would you respond if I said that I think you knew he was already dead when you reported him missing? And that's why you gave us misleading information - to throw us off the trail if we should find his decomposed body at some point in the future. I'd say I'm probably not as clever as what you're giving me credit for. In fact, Vicky - and I know I've asked you this before, but I'm gonna ask you again - why did you report him missing at all? When you believed he'd "gone off with another woman in Basingstoke". You know what I'm thinking? I'm thinking... if this is all you've got to throw at me... after three days, you haven't got a tiny, single scrap of proper evidence to suggest that I had anything to do with it. And that...is because... I didn't. I'd had enough. I felt under-appreciated at home and... ..I like Andy. He's... He's got a bit of a thing about me. You know that we trained together? Well, we had a bit of a fling then. But then I met Ade and... Weird thing is, the other night, when I was with Geoff. He's... He's jealous. Andy. He was watching me. You don't want that. No. It's... He wants me to move in with him. And the girls. Would you? No. I said I'd think about it, but...I'm not. I wouldn't do it to the girls. I wouldn't do it to Ade. Stupid, isn't it? No. It's what makes you one of the grown-ups. Or someone who just can't take a risk. That's a lot to gamble with. My mum buggered off with someone when I was a kid. It did my head in for years. What d'you think? He bled to death. There are clear indications that dismemberment began while he was still alive. Why would you start dismembering someone before they're dead? If you didn't know any better. Didn't know they weren't dead. Soon find out, when blood starts spurting out. Yeah. They must have spent a while cleaning that warehouse. (MOBILE RINGS) Andy. Lab results on the suitcases - Ashad's prints, Reece's prints, but... Nothing off Vicky. Can you bail Myra Hindley? Or we'll be out of time before we get something on the bitch. What you gonna do? Cry. Vomit. Resign. Sulk. Get pissed. Shag someone. Watch telly. Come on, genius. Think of something. Er... I was talking to myself. Sorry. You are clever. I will give you that. You might drive me round the bend and up the wall, but you're not Kevin. Wow. Thanks, boss. I'm not Kevin. I mean I really have arrived, haven't I? What was it? That little twat, Luke Farrell, when you copped him. What about it? Struck me. I could hear you and Kevin bitching about something. What? His watch? Jewellery. Ring Janet. What? Now. Right now. What am I saying? It's the one thing we nearly always overlook. Did she have any jewellery on? Myra? Yeah. Andy was all gooey over her when she got booked in. Andy? Janet, boss wants ya. Can you hear me? Yeah. Get down to the custody office NOW and don't let Vicky Birkinshaw take her jewellery home. Bag it up. I want it sent off to the lab. If she was there when they cut that body up, there's a tiny chance something's still got blood on it. I'm on it. Hold on. I'm sorry, Mrs Birkinshaw, I know you've been released, but our SIO wants to keep your jewellery for the time being. I don't think so, love. Give that here. You! Get that off her. It's mine. I've been released. What's so interesting about this, then, Vicky? Let's have a little look. Aha. Better put her back in her box, boys, until the boss gets back. (MAN SCREAMING, PLEADING) Is it true? She's made the world's first bona fide prosecutable snuff movie. For God's sake, Ashad! Finish him! So is that her behind the camera? Yeah. (SCREAMING) Can we prove it? - Yea. - How? Silly bitch filmed reflection from window. Clear as a bell. ***** Who said you were saying, Jill? next time... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 