Babylon Berlin: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Babylon Berlin 
 s2e6 - Episode #2.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Babylon Berlin (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 6 - Episode #2.6 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Berlin Babylon. What do you know about the gold on the train? I don't know anything. I don't know anything! Please, no! Please, not back into the cold! No! April 29. The cue "Prangertag" for a secret operation is mentioned several times. We are hereby pressing charges against the Reichwehr's general staff. A modern German shadow army is being built here on a large scale. The Black Reichswehr is the biggest threat to peace in Europe since 1918. General Seegers, you're under arrest. We have information that this organization is preparing for a coup 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 in the next days, maybe right this moment. Which one is this, Mr. Wolter? An M-28? This is something very special. With this we will be writing history tomorrow. - Long live the Emperor! - Long live the Emperor! Well then. Operation Prangertag. I'm about to be forced to release 15 high-ranking officers from custody. Even though the evidence is overwhelming. Do you know what you are doing? You're messing with the state itself. Mr. Rath, I found this under your bed. - Fritz! - Gretchen. - Let me go. - We were ratted out. - Freeze! - Gretchen, run! No! Fritz! No! They shot him! And remember, he's just an engineer, not a military man. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Him? If you're too tough on him, he'll crawl back into his shell. That's him now. We didn't stand a chance. The car was gone as quickly as it had appeared. - The man was dead on the spot. - We'll investigate. Good morning, everyone. - And we meet again, Seegers. - The little brother. Not the most desirable way to meet again, but duty is duty. Major General, you're on the advisory board of the Nyssen Trust. In essence, what is your role? My attention focuses on maintaining and preserving war monuments and on the care of officers' widows. This work binds you closely to the Nyssen Group. Yes, you could say that. Is that why you used Alfred Nyssen as a front for the Reichswehr to import illegal weapons? Whom are you trying to impress? Your brother? Answer the question. Is Nyssen your front? Like I already said, no. But Nyssen is the contracting entity for the delivery of goods for which he has no use whatsoever. In contrast to the Reichswehr, particularly your vision of it. - Poison gas. - Vision. Isn't that something for novelists or lunatics? But maybe you meant responsibility. What is it? This is the lifting of the arrest warrants against all ranks of the German Reichswehr who are in custody because of Lipetsk and other things. IMPORT LICENSE Whose decision is this? Supreme authority? The gentlemen are to be released without delay. Major General? Do you know this document? This is the confirmation of an order of pesticides from the Soviet Union. According to the analysis however, the wagons contain green cross. Green cross? It's the code name for pulmonary agents. Phosgene, diphosgene. I see your signature, Major General. Or am I mistaken? This is unbelievable. I don't believe this. Where did you unearth this, Rath? It literally flew into my arms. We'll go public with this. - We'll meet at Zörgiebel's office in ten. - See you soon. - And? - Nothing. No trace. I don't believe this. - What does her family say? - No one is surprised. Miss Ritter often doesn't come home at night. I gave her a clear task to do. She can't have disappeared. What about you? In those places where I know her to be known, they haven't seen her. Thank you. Our kitchen is renowned for its rich variety. You have a choice. Either you can make a unique contribution, or you cooperate. I cooperate. Didn't hear you. I cooperate. Excellent. Tomorrow, 8 a.m., press conferenc e. Tabula ra sa. Thank you, Miss Ackers. Good work, gentlemen. Of course you had a bit of luck, too. - Yes? - Yes. I'd like to speak with the President of the Reich. - I'll put you through. - Thank you. What's the matter? I have to go. Yes. Does it still hurt? I've been so lucky to have you. No. Yes. Yes, I have. Definitely, Emmi. Right, duty calls. See you tonight. See you tonight. HOMEOPATHY CLOSED ON CORPUS CHRISTI PROPRIETOR JOSEPH DÖHMANN The boss says you need to change the application to intravenously. Where is Mr. Döhmann? Um, gone. I see. Do you know how it works? No, but my wife does. Thank you. Tell me. They gave me this at the hospital. He didn't make it. The bastards got him. It was the political police, Greta. Your Benda here. FOR MY BELOVED SON FRITZ - What? - The Jewish sow ordered this. The guys who shot down Fritz, they were his men. Tell me what to do, and I'll do it. No matter what. We'll be in touch. Right. Flex it. Make a fist. Look, it's been more than ten years. I could start work in any hospital tomorrow. Mull on it. Bend your arm. Very simple. Thank you. Stop. Service card. Pass. Schibulski, 11th precinct. I thought it was a bit over the top, a room with a radio, but now I like it. Listen to the names of the districts, Schöneberg. Beautiful. Charlottenburg... If you had been a girl, you'd be called Charlotte. But I'm not. Gereon. You're back. Tempelhof. How do you like the sound of Tempelhof? Please bear with me. This stuff is strong. Yes. You must have been out for an hour. Really? You will now hear a commentary on the visit of the French Foreign Minister Aristide Briand... What are you whistling? Mackie Messer. The Franco-German... Where did you get that from? Don't know. Everyone knows it. Germany has been trying for a while to shed a different, more favorable light on the nation of the arch enemy. So it is no surprise that the two model foreign ministers of Germany and France, Stresemann and Briand, turn to a national-cultural phenomenon today, on Prangertag, which almost singlehandedly restored the world renown of the German theatre, after it had been deemed irrevocably lost: Brecht's Threepenny Opera. It's been running at Theater am Schiffbauerdamm for a year now and will be knighted by a visit of the two Nobel Peace prize laureates. Prangertag, what's that? Corpus Christi. - That's... - Today. I have to go. Minister Briand, how do you rate the political situation in Germany? Young democracies are always in danger, but it's worth fighting for democracy. - Thank you. - Monsieur Briand, this way. Well then, Heinrich. Ladies, gentlemen... Here's to an entertaining evening. Yes, cheers. I have to admit, I haven't been to the theater in a long time. To the Theater am Schiffbauerdamm, quickly. Thank you. Can't you go faster? Service card. Pass. I'm sorry, mate. Security level one. Only those on the list are allowed in. - Where is Councillor Benda? - Upstairs. - With the ministers. - Call him down. - What? - Get him. Tell him, Inspector Rath urgently needs to talk to him. - No one comes through here. Strict orders. - I have to go in. But not today. You may be a big shot outside, but you won't get in. And the shark It has teeth And he wears them in the face And Macheath, he has a knife But the knife can't be seen In order to counter the increasing hardening of the people, businessman Jonathan Jeremiah Peachem opened a shop where the most desperate of them all would get such a look that would speak to those ever more obdurate hearts. Something new has to happen. My business is very tough, because it's my business to incite human sympathy. There are but a few things which shake people up, a very few things, but the bad thing is, that they don't work if you use them several times. Man has the dreadful ability to make himself callous at will. Another man... How much longer does this take? About one hour, Your Excellency. My God. But the second time round only five pennies. If he sees him a third time, he will hand him over to the police in cold blood. Please don't! No! Stay calm. Put your gun down and get up. Are you alone? - Minister? - Time for a little refreshment. - Certainly. - An amusing play. Freeze! Did a man just pass by here? - With a bag? - Yes, an officer has signed out. Stop! Halt! Right, stay right where you are. FRESHLY MILKED WHOLE MILK Abort operation. The body of an assassin is up on the gallery. Release the inspector immediately. - He's at stage right. - Go on, you heard him. - Smith, what does he want from me? - It's good that you waited for me... Here? Which side did he say? We want to take him in when we go to him so that he sees what kind of sentiment we have against him. Good evening. I see you found your bearings. Please. Well, I'm listening. The train will be sent back. Including the wagon with the gold. - There is no gold in the wagon. - There is. We personally checked. The wagon numbers were swapped. You opened the wrong one. The gold is still in there. They want to take it out on the way to Russia, before the border, with a robbery. Who? Men of the Black Reichswehr. When? Tomorrow. Apart from Scheer and the second guy there must have been three or four more of our men involved. Maybe even more. Our enemies have been everywhere, even in the Castle, for a long time. I'm sure Scheer would have sung. He was executed, right in front of me. Do you suspect anyone? Wolter. He plays a decisive role in this conspiracy. You are probably right. As you know, we've been observing him for a while. But unfortunately we had no evidence against him. Not yet. It's here. Do you realize that you've prevented a coup d'état, Inspector? Most importantly, Stresemann is alive. And tomorrow morning we'll present Seegers to the press. We'll deal with Wolter after that. Get some rest, Inspector. See you tomorrow. Good night. You can go. - Yes? - Come on. I can imagine why Lotte wanted to surprise me with this. -Yes? Why? -Because it's my favorite food. And because I've never had it for breakfast. And not so good. Yes, it is really good. I like watching our chef when he makes it. How he separates the yolk from the egg white, how he whips the whites. Ten times to the left, ten times to the right, and very, very fast. And we always have fresh raspberries in our cold room. He'll heat them briefly with sugar, for the red juice. - You have a cold room? - Of course. - And always raspberries? - Yes. Great. I've never eaten a Berliner Luft dessert in such a posh restaurant. Your sister had a free wish. - Lotte. - There you are. What a great surprise. Would you like to have a seat, miss? How... did you get here? They picked me up in a snazzy automobile. What a show that was. And your friend here entertained me very well. It was the best Berliner Luft ever. Tell me, what's your name? My name is Edgar. Right, we're off now. - Really? - Yes. Alright. - Thank you, Edgar. - My pleasure, Toni. - Come and visit me again, OK? - Only if the automobile collects me. But of course. We've got your address. He's nice, right? Come on, let's run. RED CASTLE PRESS CONFERENCE "REICHSWEHR" Gentlemen, please keep calm. You know the deal. You'll all get in. Gereon, how many have you got? The most important one. There is enough room for everyone. Welcome, Mr. Seegers. Even for you unpatriotic fellow, it's still Major General. Lieutenant Colonel Benda, EK-1. Let's go, Seegers, the press is waiting. Here you are, thank you. Hello, Mr. Martin. Hi. Attention! We should start. The hall is packed. Very well. Let's go. Stop! Stop. Wait up. The President of the Reich, Paul von Hindenburg is coming. - What? - Yes. But I had no idea. No one announced this. Attention! His Excellency, the President of the Reich Paul von Hindenburg. Stand to attention! Attention! Karl, how are the stocks? Mr. President. Benda. God be with you. Your Excellency. Well, let's bring some original Prussian spirit to this matter. What I mean is common sense. Major General... You'll come with me. Gentlemen. Gentlemen, for investigative and tactical reasons... in contrast to our previous announcement, we cannot make any new insights public at the moment. The Chief of Police is asking for your understanding that this press conference is to be postponed until further notice. Thank you. I don't believe this! That beats everything. Unbelievable. Let them pass! Question: Why were you here? Why were you invited? One answer! - What's going on? - Please wait. Make room! Let them pass! Just two questions, please. The President of the Reich has ordered that the train be sent back to the Soviet Union at once. Without delay. Without further investigation. We lost. To ashes, to dust Stolen from the light But not yet now Miracles wait until the end Ocean of time Eternal law To ashes, to dust To ashes To ashes, to dust Stolen from the light But not yet now Miracles wait until the end It must be just a dream Trying to snatch the wind Who really knows? The clock on your wall It is filled with sand Put your hand in mine And let us be forever Now you make your choice And throw us in between happiness and agony But I can forgive you You are very close to death But your eye still clear Does it recognize me? I'm ready To seek immortality with you 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 