Babylon Berlin: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Babylon Berlin 
 s2e5 - Episode #2.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Babylon Berlin (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Episode #2.5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Babylon Berlin. These documents are proof of a German base in the Soviet Union, where German pilots are trained to become fighter pilots by German experts. What else do you need? Witnesses, files, photographs. There is something else which is odd. Both victims died when they were on their way to see you or had already seen you, Mr. Rath. - I beg your pardon? - Jänicke was found by your nephew. Why did you shoot Father Wilczek? With your service weapon, I take it? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Why else would you have swapped the bullets? And you shouldn't have used Krajewski's weapon. But this way we have two bodies now. And all evidence points towards a copper from Cologne. - Where was it? - Wolter had it, at home. That's impossible. I can't read any of this, it's all in shorthand. You have to translate this for me. I want you to take it home and take your time with it. I can't stand by and watch. Well, I think you need a schnapps. - What are you doing? - Go on, get in, doll. Hello? What are you doing? Stop that. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yes? What do you know about the gold? Gold? - What gold? - The gold on the train. I... I know nothing about any gold. She knows. She was there. - What do you know about the gold? - Nothing. I... Nothing. What do you know about the gold? Girl, talk. Talk to him. She knows, she was there. Nothing. So he's lying? No, wait! Wait. I... I know nothing about any gold at all. Please talk to him. You were there. She was there. Good. So we'll wait. Let go of me, you bastard! IMPORT AUTHORIZATION Two, three planes. In addition to those in the hangars. Good, that's just the material we needed. We can instigate the proceedings. Very good work. Congratulations, gentlemen. Well, then. Let's get to work. DISTRICT COURT CHARLOTTENBURG, BERLIN We are hereby pressing charges against the Reichwehr's general staff. We have proof of the fact that they have been building and arming an illegal aircraft fleet for several years now. They are doing this with the support of the Soviet Union's Red Army in Lipetsk. That's 300 km southeast of Moscow. Moreover, we're pressing the charges for the following offense: In an engine shed in Berlin, there is a freight train with 13 wagons, which was smuggled from the Soviet Union. The wagons contain highly concentrated poison gas. What kind of gas is it? Phosgene, Your Honor, but this train is just the tip of an iceberg. A modern German shadow army is being built here on a large scale, bypassing the government, and knowingly in breach of the Treaty of Versailles. Completely illegally. LIST OF DEFENDANTS The Black Reichswehr is the biggest threat to peace in Europe since 1918. We must stop this threat with total determination. These traitors jeopardize the sovereignty of the German Reich. In the military region of Berlin alone there are 30,000 men in arms. Major General Seegers? Major von Beck? You are under arrest. Everywhere in the capital are hiding places with ammunition. We have information that this organization is preparing for a coup in the next days, maybe right this moment. We must act immediately. Seems conclusive to me. ARREST WARRANT Your request is granted. PRUSSIAN DISTRICT COURT MITTE, BERLIN Well, little Schmeling? Have the interrogations started? Listen, have you seen Miss Ritter today? - No. - No. - That's impossible. - Is it urgent? It certainly is. - Tell me at once when she comes in. - Yes, sir. Let's go. Can you handle one of these? I'll show you. Take a couple of these. I'll handle this. Major von Beck? Your name, address, date of birth, rank. How dare you! Sit down. Name, address, date of birth, rank. Major von Beck. Von Beck, Anton. I protest against the arrest of my client. It is in no way justif... Take a seat, General. - Which one is this, Mr. Wolter? An M-28? - No. This is something very special. With this we will be writing history tomorrow. Together with this one. Come with me. Quite an unusual vacation destination, no? Since 1925, it's been 44 times that you have spent a week in Lipetsk. That's almost one year. What have you been doing there? 51, 52, 53, 54... 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64... 72, 73, 74, 75. Seventy-five. Respect. You're quite a smash hit. The Chief of Police is... You can't just... Mr. Wendt, what brings you here? I don't... You still don't get the ramifications of your actions. And the place where you spent so much time just happens to be strewn with German airplanes. The Ministry of the Reichswehr is the right address for such questions. No, you are qualified to give exact information about your whereabouts and the reasons for your trips there. This is about something that is bigger than your career motives or my political convictions. Yes, it's about the foundation of our constitution. A constitution which endangers the existence of the nation is no protection. You illegally arm the German fighter troops. The law protects the German citizens from that. Why do you of all people believe it is your calling to protect the citizen of this country? How do you mean? Please leave national matters to the people on whose grounds you are. - And yours? - Stonewalling. Any news about the notebook? I sent the officers to her home. The arrest warrant was adjusted. That was to be expected. By whom? The Reich's president's office. What does that mean? It means that I won't allow any more questionings until tomorrow, 7 a.m. But why? The president of the Reich is abroad, and until Hindenburg approves of the process, my hands are tied. You can't do this, Karl. It's up to you. We've been waiting for this opportunity for years. I'm sorry, gentlemen. You can continue tomorrow morning. The opponent is strong. And omnipresent. - And? - Nowhere to be found. - Couldn't find her. - I said that. Who? Hello? DETENTION CENTER MOABIT, BERLIN Go on inside. And make sure we're not interrupted. Unbelievable. Major General. The arms distribution is completed. We are ready. Replenishment. Gentlemen. Even if circumstances aren't very comfortable for us, we won't have a couple of Socialists put a spoke in our wheel. So, let's get to work, we have no time to lose. You have the security protocol of the event? Well then. Operation Prangertag. Tomorrow, on June 2, the Foreign Ministers of Germany and France meet in Berlin. On that night, the protocol includes a visit of the so-called Three Penny Opera at the Theater am Schiffbauerdamm. Stresemann and the French Foreign Minister Briand will arrive at 7:35 p.m., coming from the southern end of Friedrichstrasse. The two statesmen will be greeted by the Lord Mayer of Berlin Gustav Böß outside the theatre at 7:45 p.m. There will be questions for the two Nobel prize winners and photographs. There will be two checkpoints for the task force. The first will be checking the service cards. As a special security measure, the second checkpoint will issue all officers who are on duty at the theater that night with an identification tag. Without this tag it will be impossible to enter the building. Next up is a brief welcome drink at the foyer on the first floor. No representatives of the press will be allowed. Stresemann and his French guest enter the hall to take their seats. Five A and B, in the Lord Mayor's VIP box. The time of the core event will be between 8:20 p.m. and 8:25 p.m, depending on the form of the day of the orchestra. At the end of the first act, there is a shootout on stage. Under cover of this noise, we will strike. If the operation is successful, the republic's flag will be lowered, well visible for all our scouts. The scouts will give our troops, waiting undercover in the ministries and on the streets, the signal to start. The chief of the minister's office, General von Schleicher, is in command and triggers Prangertag, that is the mobilization of military districts I and II and after that of all barracks of the German Reich. Come on, move. Our troops will take the Reichstag. Our troops will take police headquarters. Next up is the arrest of all democratic key figures of politics and military, including Chief of Police Karl-Friedrich Zörgiebel. Come with us. As the head of the supreme command of the troops I, accompanied by Major Beck, will head to the House of Broadcasting where the new Chancellor of the Reich, General Ludendorff, will announce the end of the republic and the reintroduction of the monarchy. As soon as Berlin is secured, His Majesty the Emperor will return from exile and will address his beloved people. With God's help we will then, under His Majesty's guiding hand, become the victorious nation we've always been destined to be. Gentlemen... This is a decisive turning point in German history. Long live Ludendorff. Long live Ludendorff! Long live the Emperor. Long live the Emperor! AGITATION INN KPD 14TH DISTRICT NEUKÖLLN RED UNITED FRONT AGAINST WAR AND FASCISM - Where's Fritz? - I don't know. - He wanted to take me to the meeting. - Where is he, dammit? What's going on? Your Fritz is a hotspur, you know? Head through wall, that's just impossible. - There he is. Fritz! - No, don't do that. - Why? - Gretchen. We were ratted out. What? By whom? Crap. Floppy hats. Let go of me! - Are you bored? - What are you after? - Let me go. - Fritz! Don't grab me, let me pass! - Stop. - Gretchen, run! - Run! - Stop! Fritz! No! They shot him! They shot him! Fritz! - They shot him! - What's going on? Stand back! Police! - Not another step! - Bastards! Murderers! - No! - Come on now. Fritz! - Where is she? - What? Where is Charlotte? What makes you think I know where the girl is? I'm warning you! - Go on, get up. - No, no. Come on. What do you know about the gold? Where? What do you know about the gold on the train? Gold on the train? Girl, you're repeating my words instead of answering. I don't know anything. I don't know anything. I don't know anything! Please don't! Not into the cold again! Please don't! I don't know anything... - No! - Careful. No! No! April 29. Inspector Wolter meets Major General Seegers at Café Josti. The cue "Prangertag" for a secret operation is mentioned several times. The meeting ends at 9:45 p.m. Five hundred million Reichsmark in gold. It must be just a dream Trying to snatch the wind Who really knows? The clock on your wall It is filled with sand Put your hand in mine And let us be forever Now you make your choice And throw us in between happiness and agony Charlotte! Mimi, have you seen Lotte? Bruno, are you nuts? You can't just barge in here. What's going on, gentlemen? I'm sorry, angel, but we're looking for the little one. - You mean Lotte? - Yes, her. Right! Thanks for nothing, she stood me up today. - When was the last time she was working? - Two days ago. Or has one of you seen Lotte since? No. What's up, Bruno? There are other girls here. Right? No, I've had enough for today. I'm done. May 18, 4:10 p.m. Meeting at Café Josty with unknown gentleman. Also present: Alfred Nyssen and the Countess Sorokina. Details of the train robbery. Kilometer 127. Five hundred million Reichsmark. Wagon number... TY 2-3-0-5. But I can forgive you You are very close to death But your eye still clear Does it recognize me? I'm ready To seek immortality with you Revue Star NIKOROS I'm afraid I have another appointment. But I'll leave you the car. Mrs. Sorokina? Have you got a minute for me? Berlin police, Inspector Rath. What do you want to know? You don't know who I am. No. You don't. My father was a factory owner in Russia. When the revolution came, he exchanged everything he had for gold. And that gold... He hid it well. In a railway wagon. As children, we used to play in it, my brothers and I, with Tanya, the daughter of our chauffeur. That murderer. He betrayed us to the Bolsheviks. He had my family killed... and snatched all the gold. Then he disappeared in the turmoil of war. But Kardakov tracked him down. And he brought the wagon to Berlin. But there is no gold in those wagons. No? The Shadow Army of the German Reich, by Samuel Katelbach. "Has the Reichswehr been illegally rebuilding the German air force?" Mrs. Behnke? I didn't expect to see you again so soon. I want to see Katelbach. Is he in? Come in. Thanks. Mr. Katelbach. What's the matter with you? Nothing. Thank you. No problem. What are you doing here? I read your article. On the Black Reichswehr. Are you with the political police now? Yesterday, a group of thugs made mincemeat of the editorial office. They took whatever Neanderthals think is important. Including a list of the private addresses of all staff. Thank you. Who's your informer? It must be one of the staff of command. Someone from the inner circle. Your article is jam-packed with detail. It's unlikely I would tell someone from the political police my sources. Mr. Katelbach, I'm about to be forced to release 15 high-ranking officers of this so-called Black Reichswehr from custody. Even though we have overwhelming evidence against them. What's the case? Procurement of internationally outlawed weapons of mass destruction. Who's your target? Major Beck... Freiligrath, von Bock, Erhardt, Escherich. Seegers. Do you know what you are doing? You're messing with the state itself. I'm aware of that. Gereon, whatever you do, make it public. Only the public can protect you. The whole apparatus, what you know as Black Reichswehr, those people are not fussy. A thousand murders in five years. Murders of informants, journalists, sudden deaths of people entrusted with confidential information. Only a handful of the killers were taken to court, and all of them acquitted. I need backup. And you know someone who may be able to provide that. Yes? Would any earlier be possible? Yes, fine. Fine, thank you. Where? On the corner of Fugger in half an hour. But only if I'm there. Alright, I'll get myself ready. Half a spoonful of sugar. I'd love one. Let's go. Thank you. Tell Bruno to get in touch some time, please. I will. See you soon. - Mr. Rath! - Taxi! I found this under your bed. - Come on now, Mr. Rath. - Thank you. Watch where you're going! Don't you have eyes? To ashes, to dust Stolen from the light But not yet now Miracles wait until the end Ocean of time Eternal law To ashes, to dust To ashes To ashes, to dust Stolen from the light But not yet now Miracles wait until the end It must be just a dream Trying to snatch the wind Who really knows? The clock on your wall It is filled with sand Put your hand in mine And let us be forever Now you make your choice And throw us in between happiness and agony But I can forgive you You are very close to death But your eye still clear Does it recognize me? I'm ready To seek immortality with you 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 