Babylon Berlin: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Babylon Berlin 
 s2e3 - Episode #2.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Babylon Berlin (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Episode #2.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Babylon Berlin. Fifteen executed revolutionaries of the Red Fortress. We confiscated the weapons of these gentlemen. There were projectiles from those guns in almost all of the bodies. I want to propose a deal. I want the names of those responsible of the Reichswehr who organize the transport of the poison gas. You want me to deliver your own countrymen? Your confiscation of the train causes tension. That you Soviets are eager to help build up the illegal Reichswehr is a matter in itself. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But that even our head of state doesn't shy away from ignoring the Treaty of Versailles... This is Bruno. You can deliver the shipment. You know where the key is. The foreman found a human foot in the foundation yesterday morning. They found a body whose clothes make an unambiguous attribution possible. The man must have been a priest. - Has he been identified? - Saint Josef. Get yourself a radio by tomorrow. 23 MAY, 2 P.M., 709 KHZ - Help! - Did you know one of them? That's not the point. Come. I can't. I have to work. Then tell those murderers at home what you saw. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 SOVIET EMBASSY MITTE, BERLIN Inspector Rath, I have the documents. In an hour, at Friedrichstrasse train station. - Henning? - What? Everything alright? - Yes! - Just asking. Oh man. Hey, mister. Keep walking. French for one mark, peeling the banana for two. Get lost. Come on. Fudge tunnel for one fifty. Get lost, man. He's no good. With me you get anything for one mark. - He's mine! - Shut up, you squirt. If you don't want to go to jail, make like a tree and leave. - Get it? - A copper? - Get marching. - A copper! A vice copper! - Coppers! - Come on, let's scram. What is this? A visa application. Not just any old visa application. There are several dozens of those, for this man alone, Major Beck. - I know him. - You probably know this one, too. Seegers. What's going on? First you let my men go. Then you'll get evidence against your general staff. Fifteen of them. Do ut des. I give so you give. Off we go. Get out, gentlemen. Ah, finally. With these documents you will be able to prove that since 1925 these officers have very regularly been visiting a small village 300 km southeast of Moscow called Lipetsk. It's the secret base of the German Air Force. There has been no German Air Force since the end of the war. There is one in Lipetsk. I don't understand you. You work against your own country. I work for the police. LOUDSPEAKER 23 MAY, 2 P.M., 709 KHZ picture the analysis of a patient as something which follows similar mechanisms as this radio program. In both cases, you have transmission and counter-transmission. In the case of our work with traumatized front soldiers it's a transmission of therapist and patient. All processes in our brain work according to the principles of electrophysiology. They are basically nothing but electric currents which signal an activity to our brain and to what we call our consciousness. But why, I wonder, why shouldn't the thoughts between two separate people be transferred by way of one of them transmitting radio waves when thinking and the other one receives them directly and then identifies them as his own. Please note that this procedure is called... suggestive therapy. - Right, here you go. - Thank you. What do I owe you? Is something wrong? No, everything is fine. I feel a bit queer, is all. Get well soon. Yes, you too. We can apply for the arrest warrants straight away. Against whom? Seegers, von Loitzing, Major Beck, half the general staff. - What for? - Constitutional breach, treason, conspiracy against the republic. The list goes on. Will that be enough in court? Hard to say. If anyone can say, it's you, the public prosecutor. They ship 13 wagons full of phosgene to Berlin, not even a year after the disgrace of Hamburg. - What happened in Hamburg? - The Stoltzenberg chemical works. The valve of a tank wagon burst. What came out? Poison gas, phosgene. There were ten dead, hundreds severely injured. People left their houses and dropped to the ground. Who was the gas for? Why don't you guess? - The Reichswehr. - Well... not officially. And no consequences? The chemical plant dumped the other wagons in the sea and now they want compensation. This shows that we need more if we want to crackdown on these people. I don't want that paperwork thrown back in my face. These documents are proof of a German base in the Soviet Union, where German pilots are trained to become fighter pilots by German experts. In German fighter planes. - Where is this supposed to be? - In Lipetsk. It's 300 km southeast of Moscow. And what's in it for the Russians, helping us to breach the treaty? The Russians want to build airplane engines. They're learning that from German engineers. How big is this thing in Lipetsk, that flying squadron? After all, it may just be a handful of machinery. The informant says it's a lot more than just a few. But these papers don't prove that. They suggest it, but... Your Honor, please. What else do you need? Witnesses, files, photographs. - I'll do it. - You will do what? I'll go there. Garbage. You'll travel for a week and no one will let you in. He'll fly then. What? Well, it's simple. You'll get us a plane and we'll get proof. - Doris. - Lottchen, you have to rescue me. - What's the matter? - Invoices. From a clothes factory, called Sklarek. They list every single sock, every shako and every uniform. Every service textile of the police since 1924, and I'm supposed to check them all. It must be at least 400 pages. But that's great, you'll need days for that. But I don't know how to do sums. You have to help me. Like I helped you. 80 Pfennig an hour. - What exactly do you have to do? - You'll do it? And again. I don't believe this. Write this down. Delivery note 219/27, Spandau town hall. Forty-six offices, taking down and cleaning net curtains. And here, four days later, the invoice. Four hundred sixty offices, taking down and cleaning net curtains, at nine marks each, that's 4140 marks. So they're invoicing for ten times the amount. I'd say they're pretty cheeky, those Sklarek brothers. I'd say the same. No! What does it say on the door? Oh, inspector. - Is everything destroyed now? - No. Yes. I'm sorry. Two questions, Mr. Gräf. - First of all, where is Jänicke? - Didn't turn up today. We were supposed to meet at Aschinger's. And the second question? Have you ever been on a plane? - What is it? - These are documents which... OK, I'll check them later. - This should explained. - By you, you mean? - Yes, there are certain payments... - Have them pay you, I'll look at it later. You can leave now. Fritz, you scared me. Sorry. Why did you do that? Come on. Hang on a second. - What is it? - What you said on that funeral march... Mr. Benda is not a murderer. Oh, Mr. Benda. Is he nice to you, yeah? No, but he has a good heart. I know that. Gretchen, that may be so. But he's also the chief of the political police. And his good heart, however big it may be, he has to leave in the cloakroom outside his office. And at night he picks it up again. And in between he has us communists slaughtered. PROPERTY OF THE BERLIN POLICE Moritz! Senior? What are you doing? Nothing. Where did you get the key from? You can't sniff around like this. I didn't. Lock it up right away and put the key back where you found it. Where is your mother? Shopping with Mrs. Wolter. Off you go. There, in front. COMMUNIST UNREST ON 1 MAY THE VIOLENCE ESCALATES FOREIGN MINISTER STRESEMANN WELCOMES BRIAND IN BERLIN. Communist kisses chambermaid. And on the next floor the hairdressers and four bespoke tailors, not just one. - And they have beauty advice everywhere. - Can I have the sausage? And it's all free. Emmi and I have tried it all. And then there were two jewelers or even three with long glass counters, and then, when we took the escalator up to second floor, there was a fashion show starting in the ladies' department. So beautiful! Dernier cri. That means the latest trend. From Paris for madame. Oh, if only I was 20 and had some money. You don't look like you're 50 and have no money, Helga. - Cheers. - Cheers. Cheers. - Oh God, it's empty again. - To your health. Has it got worse? Different. - Worse? - No, just different. Gereon! Would you help me, please? Gereon... He's no longer between us. Moritz. AIRFIELD BERLIN-STAAKEN Councillor. The most modern thing in the air today. The initial model. You're lucky it's in Berlin right now. It was supposed to do a test flight from Hamburg to Lisbon. - What happened? - A crash landing. Well, an emergency landing. New things want to be tested. You know the deal? - No. - No. Never opened a parachute before? It's the first flight for these men. The chief of police said they would be professionals. Professional police officers. - Never flown before? - No. No. Gentlemen, your pilot. Siegfried Stoltz. A battle-tested man, experienced with long distances. And his navigator, Robert Sauer. - Rath. - Sauer. - Stoltz. - Gräf. - Hello. - Gräf. Hello. - You've been briefed? - We have the coordinates. If they are correct. It's a long haul, with no stop. But you can do it? We'll manage. Soldiers. Good luck. Make yourselves comfortable. It's a cargo plane. - You can't put in seats overnight. - Please. Did you see the hatch back there? It'll be a top-notch bomber when we get to do it again. - Really? - Just a little tinkering and we're ready for the drop. And which plane has this much room for refills? Right. Put them between your legs. And aim down the sconce. - Open the fuel cock. - Yes, sir. Mixture set. Damn it! Damn! Piece of junk. The control stick gets stuck sometimes. So don't be surprised, it happens. REICH MINISTRY OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS MITTE, BERLIN Minister Stresemann, we have reliable information that certain circles are planning to assassinate you. - Very soon. - Communists? National forces. How many assassinations on me have you and your men prevented in recent years? Ten? Twenty? Twelve, to be precise. Then do what you always do. Your men save my life, I save the peace, and one day we will die, very snugly in our bathtub. The state visit right now... Foreign minister Briand? We have evidence of a stark change in the security situation. A changed situation doesn't faze me, Benda. I just don't love my life enough for that. But what worries me is what you brought me here. I wasn't sure you were aware of it. The entire Reichstag knows about Lipetsk. But these dimensions... This finally contains enough evidence to take half the general staff to court. For goodness sake, please don't. You mean the Reichstag is happy about the fact that the Russians are helping us to build a modern air force? Aren't you? Minister, I know you've always seen the Treaty of Versailles as a defamation of Germany. But you weren't awarded the Nobel prize for this stance, but for a peace treaty. The aim of my peace mediation is solely to make sure new agreements are no longer based on the moral humiliation and economic subjugation of our Fatherland. It disturbs me that you're so sure about this. Things are complex in the German Reich, always have been. I don't doubt that. But what will you say when the League of Nations hears that Lipetsk is not a small training camp for a handful of hotspurs but that a new German Air Force is being built there? Please excuse me once again. If my Käte were to come in now, then heaven help me. Carry on, Benda. I keep far fewer secrets from Dr. Koller than from my wife. We have confiscated a freight train with a quantity of poison gas which would be enough for manufacturing at least 100,000 grenades. New estimates regarding the troop strength of the shadow army of the Reichswehr are in the range of six figures. And now, of all time, when the French are our guests. If the French foreign minister hears of such dimensions, I'd look like a fraud. I'll say goodbye for now. - Thank you, Patachon. - Watch out, Pat. Aye-aye, sir. What do you suggest? It's only a matter of time until this affair will create waves. And then you should not look like a fraud, but like a spotter. Continue. I'm about to obtain updated evidence in Russia. And then we take that gang to court, in Germany. Whom do you mean exactly? Seegers, Ludendorff... Just the top men. Apparently you love your life even less than I love mine. A leyb hot nit moyre far keyn flig. A lion doesn't fear a fly. I know, Benda. My wife keeps saying that, too. Gereon. Now they're trying to convince us that all men are equal. Another big misconception of the modern era. Man is flawed. The masses are a danger. Capital is full of temptation. We are all sinners. We're only equal in that respect. Physically and mentally, we're unequal. That is God-given. Take your brother, Anno. Never make the mistake to strive for the same aims as him. Men differ the most clearly in their aptitude for leadership. If you are not humble enough to recognize this, you should not lay any claims to power at all. In the state, we find our true nature of man. A divine world order will only be reflected in that society which allows for a structured state. The hierarchy... is embedded in the divine origin of the state... Why did you leave me? Helga. Why? Tell me. Why did you leave me? Say it. Why? I've fallen in love with your brother. And now? You have to make up your mind. I have made up my mind. Helga! Helga! God has left us. A long time ago. And what remains? A hull. A tree without roots. A world without light. First, the wrong son returns home... then you leave me alone with him. Father. That's just what we needed today. We're very close to the coordinates. But the bad weather is making it difficult. - What? - The navigating. We'll go lower. Under the clouds. What happened? We got hit. Ignite. Not happening. Do it again. Again, nothing. Go steeper. The propellers are jammed. OK, ignite. Ignite. There, right in front of us. Our target. Yes, this must be it. But shouldn't we keep our distance? Yes, sure. But don't you want to take photos? Now, man. Visibility is good. We won't be getting any closer. Come on now. You lie down and your mate will hold on to you. Don't forget to hold on. Go on, then. Go on, don't be afraid. Pull me back in! I have to change the film. Your hand! Go on! As long as the clouds are dense, we're safe. I'll change our course temporarily. Just to be safe. To ashes, to dust Stolen from the light But not yet now Miracles wait until the end To ashes, to dust Stolen from the light But not yet now Miracles wait But not yet now Miracles wait until the end It must be just a dream Trying to snatch the wind Who really knows? The clock on your wall It is filled with sand Put your hand in mine And let us be forever Now you make your choice And throw us in between happiness and agony But I can forgive you You are very close to death But your eye still clear Does it recognize me? I'm ready To seek immortality with you 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 