Washington: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Washington 
 s1e3 - Father of His Country - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Washington (2020): Season 1, Episode 3 - Father of His Country - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 After six long years, the British are striking directly at the heart of the Patriot cause in a bid to finally end the war. 20 hogshead. Pure Virginia tobacco. A man could live off that for years. At the tip of the spear is the man who nearly took down the Continental Army with an act of betrayal. The turncoat Benedict Arnold 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 is now a British brigadier general on the front lines of their latest strategy to crush the rebel spirit and rouse a loyalist army to fight the Patriots. Burn it all. The British think, okay, we're gonna sweep south and get control here in a way that we haven't before. There's a lot of action happening on a lot of fronts at this point. Arnold is sent to the Chesapeake to attack the American forces in Washington's backyard, and soon Richmond, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the capital of Virginia, is in flames. It's a double blow not only to have betrayed for the cause, but then to lead a successful raid in the heart of the revolution. It made Americans furious. What is it, Lieutenant Colonel Hamilton? We just received word. Arnold has been sighted in the south. Where? Virginia. Outside Richmond. Virginia. How many men does Arnold command? It's hard to be certain. Over a thousand. Less than 1,500? Send the marquis. I suppose we could spare a thousand men, but. Well, if the reports are accurate, Lafayette will be outnumbered. Well, our troops are already stretched thin, and if we truly aim to reclaim New York I would prefer, when I return home, Arnold has not reduced it to ashes. Hmm. Still no word from the French. Rochambeau is waiting to hear from his admirals. For now, their ships remain anchored off Rhode Island. Perhaps if they see the urgency in destroying Arnold's forces, they will finally join this war in earnest. Our fleet has remained idle far too long. The French have been allied to America since early 1778, and while they have a fleet and more than 5,000 troops stationed in New England, they have yet to join the fight. Washington has been cultivating Rochambeau to plan for an allout assault on New York City. He still believes that's the best way to win the war. But the French commander. Comte de Rochambeau isn't convinced. And for now, Washington must face the British surge on his own. Provide the marquis with 1,200 soldiers. Yes, sir. With the French support or not, the marquis will have the traitor's head on a pike. As long as he is brought before me in the end, the state of his person bears no concern. Washington's determination to catch Arnold isn't just personal, it's imperative. By January, 1781, the revolutionary cause is teetering on the edge. Like every war, people think that this is gonna be over pretty quickly. And they could not have had the resources or understood what a protracted thing this was going to be. The spirit of 1776 that had fueled this revolution in the beginning was long gone. The American people were tired of war. Because the economy has collapsed, because Congress is ineffective, because people are losing focus, even Washington admits that if this goes much longer, we've lost. It's not just the country that's wavering, it's also the troops. After years without sufficient food or salary, incidents of mutiny in the Continental Army are rising. The troops are beginning to lose their hope. In particular, they've not been paid. This is a big problem. Congress doesn't have the money, so the soldiers were told, "We'll pay you at the end of the war." They've been provided alcohol and firearms, but that's about it. It is in vain to think an army can be kept together much longer under such a variety of sufferings as ours has experienced, and that, unless some immediate and spirited measures are adopted to furnish at least three months' pay to the troops, clothe and feed them better, the worst that can befall us may be expected. Three years. We've been out here three years fighting. No food, no shelter. When was the last time you had a decent pair of boots on your feet? Never. Yeah. And what about pay? Yeah. We expected to risk our lives for free? No. No. Go through hell and not even receive a decent belly full before nightfall? No. Yeah. They said things would change. Yeah. Yeah. And we listened to them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I tell you, nothing will change unless we make it. Yeah. Yeah. So I say we march. Yeah. Yeah. Tell it to them face to face! Yeah! And if we need to spill blood... so be it. Yeah! No more without pay. No more without food! Yeah! No bread, no soldiers! No more soldiers. No bread, no soldiers. No bread, no soldiers. No bread, no soldiers. The New Jersey troops will soon march toward Trenton to demand what they're owed by force. Let us go! Washington is watching the American war effort wither on the vine. And this adds to Washington's anxiety. "How do I present as good a face on this as possible when actually things are not that good?" We have earned the respect of the French, and now this. What will they think? How will the world see us when we cannot even manage our own men? Your orders, sir? Send as large a detachment as we can spare. Force the soldiers back into line. Execute the leader. You have to understand these young people lost confidence in their leaders which is where a mutiny comes from. No, bread, no soldiers! But you had to knock it down as fast as you could. You couldn't let it spread because it's like a virus. If it's not dealt with immediately, it will infect the whole organization. Go on! Yeah. Mutiny is tearing apart the army that George Washington struggled to hold together through six years of war. Now, with the revolutionary cause at risk, he's restoring order among his New Jersey troops by force. The object is to compel the mutineers to unconditional submission. The mutiny has been broken up. The men have been disarmed. They are ordered to reveal their ringleaders. Go on. Do it, then. You will represent to them how dangerous to civil liberty the precedent is of armed soldiers dictating terms to their country. Drop. Drop. Move. Move. The mutineers, they're given muskets and a choice. "Execute your ringleader" or be executed. Take aim! They have to raise their muskets and, at the order, open fire on their own comrades. I spoke nothing but the truth. Fire! It's good to be a nice guy, but at the end of the day in those days, you had to use these tools to keep an organization together. And he was up to that task. Washington's tactic stemmed the tide of mutiny and saved his army. But in the South, the British are more determined than ever to destroy it. General Charles Cornwallis, who has spent much of the past two years fighting in the Carolinas, is now moving into Virginia. General Cornwallis is one of the ablest British generals. He's quickminded. He moves aggressively. He knows how to handle troops in the field. Lord Cornwallis decides, "I'm gonna go to Virginia." "Virginia is home to Washington," "home to Jefferson," "all these Patriot leaders." "If I can make them suffer," "maybe I can get the Patriots to come to terms." As Cornwallis arrives, Benedict Arnold, who's continued to burn and loot the state, is on his way out. Arnold is a great commander, and he was considered that way by the British. However, there are a lot of British officers who even see him as a traitor, as a man with no honor. Ah, General Cornwallis. Brigadier General Arnold. I have received reports of your progress here. And yet I am still being replaced. I burn their ironworks in Weston, tobacco fields and warehouses in Richmond. Destroyed their gun powder, poured out their rum. Yes, I know. I read the reports. What we have to worry about now is the French. We can no longer take our naval advantage for granted. If we're not careful, we'll become vulnerable to attack by water. Well, then the responsibility is mine now. You need trouble yourself no further. As I experienced If you will excuse me, Brigadier General, we have important matters to attend to here, and I am sure... you need to prepare for your journey north. Within a year, Arnold leaves for England with his wife Peggy, never again to set foot on American soil. The first order of business for General Cornwallis is to set up a base on the Chesapeake for the Royal Navy and his roughly 8,000 troops. By July, he chooses Yorktown. The post is easily accessible to the British fleet for resupply and reinforcement. But it's also vulnerable to the French, who finally see an opening to mount a decisive strike against the British. Within weeks, the allies move into action. Cornwallis doesn't realize that the French are prepared to send a fleet to trap him in Virginia. The French Navy was about to arrive at the Chesapeake. If Washington and Rochambeau could get their armies down there as quickly as possible, the trap could shut around Lord Cornwallis. When the navies clash in September, the French score an unexpected victory, giving the alliance control of the seas around Yorktown. For once, the French Navy defeats the Royal Navy and drives them away from the mouth of Chesapeake Bay. The French have achieved temporary, very brief naval superiority. This is the moment Washington has been looking for since 1775. The allied army arrives on the outskirts of Yorktown within weeks, cutting off Cornwallis' only remaining escape. With a combined 19,000 French and Americans soldiers, it's the most formidable fighting force. Washington will ever command. To defeat Cornwallis, Washington and his allies opt for a classic siege. They create a series of trenches that creep ever closer to the enemy. If all goes to plan, the British defenses should collapse in a matter of days. Report, Major General Lafayette. The trench should be completed by morning. Then we move up the artillery. Rochambeau and his best men are with Knox now, reviewing placements and positions. Good. My countrymen are finally think for themselves. You Americans are fast learners. What other choices do we have? The present moment offers in prospect the epoque which will decide American independence and the glory and superiority of the allies. The liberties of America and the honor of the allied arms are in our hands. This is the moment where it all comes together for Washington. It was almost beyond his ability to comprehend that finally, after six years of thinking it was all about to fall apart, it was all on the edge of actually happening. Everyone... fire! Fire! Fire! Reload. Direct hit after direct hit. General George Washington's dreamed of launching a grand assault on the enemy since the day the war began. And now he finally has the fire power. Thousands of troops and dozens of heavy guns are being added to his arsenal, thanks to the French and their commander. Comte de Rochambeau. Increase our bombardment. We cannot let the British to rebuild their fortifications. I doubt they will hold for another day. And I doubt, Henry, that they will give up so easily. Incoming! 48 hours into the bombardment. Out. All of you. Entrapped by Washington's forces... General Cornwallis is pinning all his hopes on reinforcement. Sir, I can only repeat that nothing but a successful naval action can save me. We have lost about 70 men, and many of our works have been seriously damaged. Against so powerful an attack, we cannot hope to make a very long resistance. Et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Where do we stand? Our bombardments have weakened them considerably. General Cornwallis has withdrawn most of his forces into the city as it stands. They're down to two fortifications with ops here and here. If we take the Redoubts, we can run our next trench all the way to the water. But then the barrels of our cannon, will breach the threshold of their position. Known as Redoubts 9 and 10, the fortifications are the last line of defense holding off the Americans from advancing their trench line to bombard the town at close range. How many men does number 10 hold? Perhaps 50, but heavily armed and wellfortified, it will certainly not be easy to take. We will need to overwhelm them. And catch them by surprise. As soon as our men are spotted, they will come under heavy fire. Send 400 men. Move out tonight under the cover of darkness. And who shall lead them? Alexander. Hamilton is Washington's essential staff officer, but he doesn't want to stay a staff officer because real glory comes if you lead men in combat to victory. Washington becomes dependent upon Hamilton's competence, so he's reluctant to see Hamilton go. Washington recognizes his own self in Hamilton. Hamilton wants to command an army. This is how a man is made. This is command you've been seeking, is it not? Yes, sir. The reward is high. The risk is equally as great. I shall not let you down, sir. Then the command is yours. With Redoubt No. 10, I think you see the American talent for improvisation coming to the fore. They dispense with the usual protocols of clearing the way before you storm the ramparts. Hamilton said, "Let's just go for it." Charge! Forward, men! Forward! Forward! Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Hamilton is leading the charge to break through the last line of defense around Yorktown. Aah! Do not fall back! Forward! Onward! Onward! Fall back! Fall back! The fighting is over in just a matter of minutes. Yeah! With the taking of Redoubt No. 10, Hamilton is a legitimate war hero. In many ways, it's the making of Hamilton. By the point those two Redoubts are captured, the writing is on the wall. From their position at the captured Redoubts, the Americans unleash a punishing pointblank assault on the British. Unsure if the reinforcements he's requested will ever arrive, Cornwallis has seen enough. Sir, I propose an immediate cessation of hostilities for 24 hours, and that two officers be appointed from either side to discuss the terms of the surrender of the posts of York and Gloucester, et cetera, et cetera. Yorktown is a crucial, crucial moment in the war. The fact that the Americans win that battle has huge psychological as well as military consequences. On the British side, they're outraged that they've lost and that these Americans appear to have gotten the better of them. And the Brits never quite understood what they were getting into, and they underestimated the nation that had been created. It's a mistake many people have made over the years. When you're defending a piece of land that's yours, you're prepared to die for it. On October 19th, after a threeweeklong siege, the two sides meet on the battlefield for a formal surrender ceremony. Cornwallis is too embarrassed, so he pretends that he's sick and he sends out a subordinate to surrender the sword. This is the second British Army to surrender. The main British Army is still intact and still at New York City. But the will to fight in Great Britain is gone. When word of Yorktown reaches Britain, Lord North, the prime minister, says, "Oh, my God, it's over." While peace terms are being negotiated in Paris, Washington is not convinced that the war is over. He moves his headquarters to Newburgh, New York, within striking distance of Britishoccupied New York City. The king will push the war as long as the nation will find men or money. Let us prepare for the worst. There is nothing which will so soon produce peace as a state of preparation for war. The British stopped major action in North America, but from Washington's point of view, that might not be permanent, so he has to keep this army trained so it can respond and defend and fight if he needs to. But with Congress still failing to pay them more than a year after the battle at Yorktown, Washington's troops are growing restless and angry. They've been given promises for years. Some of them have been there seven, eight years long. And so what happens is you start getting a conspiracy in the ranks to the officer corps who are saying, "Well, we're not gonna lay down our arms "when the peace treaty arrives unless were paid by Congress. "And if need be, we're gonna march on Congress and force them to pay us." What they're plotting is more than a mutiny. It's a military takeover of the government, and they want Washington to lead it. There's a group in the army that wants to march on Philadelphia and crown Washington emperor. George Washington, all of a sudden, is this incredibly popular superstar with an Army that is loyal to him. What if he decided that he was gonna declare himself in charge, that he's gonna ask Congress to move along? If you ask me, this is not a question of what we must do, the question is what we must do if Washington refuses to take charge. Right. Yeah. General Horatio Gates is among the officers pushing for Washington to lead a rebellion against Congress. Others, like Henry Knox, are urging caution. How can we be certain? Washington has made his assurances, and I have never known him to be a liar. The worst we can do is rush into action that cannot be undone. Keep in mind that pretty much every great revolution that had been run before to take on tyranny, the rebellious general soon revealed himself to be the new king and then a new kind of tyrant. This is one of the most important early moments in the republic where things could've all gone south. The question before us is a simple one, I think. Will we continue to allow the men who risked their lives in forging a new nation to be treated a second class? We face enough real issues than to allow ourselves to fall into hyperbole. Is it hyperbole to say we have been ignored, treated indifferently? I would list all our grievances, but every man here is well aware. You know as well as I, Washington will not stand talk of rebellion. What rebellion? It is the men in this room who led us to victory. Yes! Not those in Philadelphia. There are other ways to ensure our grievances are heard. Letters, formal requests. Tell me, General Knox, how has this helped us in the past? I for one put my trust in Washington, and I would counsel everyone here to do the same. And I would counsel that if Commander Washington is unwilling to do what is necessary, then we have no choice but to take matters into our own hands. May I have permission to speakto speak? George Washington has led his army to victory against Britain. But now some of his officers are counting on him to lead a new rebellion against their own government. Gentlemen... There have been plenty of revolutions, and most of them fail, and they fail because people get frustrated. They don't know where their paycheck is coming from. These are relatable concerns that Washington is facing. As I have never left your side one moment, as I have ever considered my own military reputation as inescapably connected with that of the army, it can scarcely be possible, in this late stage of the war, that I am indifferent to its interests. Let me entreat you on your part not to take any measures which, viewed in the calm light of reason, will lessen the dignity and sully the glory you have hitherto maintained. Washington tells his officers, "No, you can't do this. "You can't use the military to pressure Congress "to get your back pay." If you do what you are thinking of doing, you will be undermining the very core principles that we have been fighting for for seven years. Not only will the American experiment be killed in its cradle, but it will reinforce everyone who says that selfgovernment is not practical or possible. And now... regarding of issue of payment. I have recently received word from a Virginia congressman. "Congress have been for some time past..." "um, almost..." Apologies. I have grown blind as well as gray in the service of my country. He pulls out his spectacles from his, uh, breast pocket, unfolds them. And there he is, showing this, uh, frailty in front of his officers for the first time. "A short time will bring to a conclusion "our efforts to this business, which I'm in hopes will terminate the adoption..." When he shows that "I have aged during this time", that I have suffered, too," they understand that he hears them and he's working on their behalf. It's Washington playing that moment. What he does is use who he is and the symbolism of who he is to dissipate a situation. And with that, shame kicks in, a sense of shared sacrifice that galvanized the officers and reminded them what they were fighting for. You will, by the dignity of your conduct, afford occasion for posterity to say, when speaking of the glorious example you have exhibited to mankind, "Had this day been wanting, "the world has never seen the last stage of perfection to which human nature is capable of attaining." When you look at Washington in Newburgh, it's hard not to remember this impulsive young man that he was during the French and Indian War. And you think the reason that they trust him is that he has proven himself to be so steady, that he has proven himself to deliver the most outrageous win of all time. So if he can defeat one of the greatest superpowers in the world, he can deliver their pay. Washington and the Newburgh Address is one of the very few moments in world history where revolution in favor of liberty ended without a military coup and ended with the rule of law. Six months after Washington puts talk of a coup to rest, and nearly two years after the final battle at Yorktown, the Treaty of Paris is finally signed. The war is over. Providence is the word he uses a lot to try to describe to people how we won the war right after the war. "If historians ever take to writing about this, "they will be accused to writing fiction "because no one will believe "that, uh, a group of ragtag soldiers like this could ever possibly defeat the British Army and Navy." On November 25th, 1783, seven years after running Washington out of New York, the Redcoats evacuate the city. Within hours, hundreds of citizens are lining the streets to celebrate. Washington's triumphant return to New York. Soon after, the Continental Army is peacefully disbanded and Washington formally resigns his post as commanderinchief. If you had just defeated the greatest empire in the world, the idea that you would then say. "Okay, thanks, I'm going to go farm and make whiskey and grow hemp," it wasn't done, but he did it. In England, when King George III hears that Washington has surrendered power and gone home, he replies by saying, "Well, if he did that," "he will be the greatest man in the world." When George Washington wrote to Martha in 1775, he said, "I'll be home by Christmas," he meant the following Christmas. But it's already into the 1780s. I am once again a private citizen, Martha. And it did not take that long at all. Come, everything is ready. I feel myself eased of a load of public care. I hope to spend the remainder of my days in cultivating the affections of good men and in the practice of domestic virtues. He's done his duty. He doesn't assume that more is to come. And he doesn't know that there's gonna be a new constitution. He doesn't know there's gonna be anything called the presidency. In the years immediately following the Revolution, the young country is in turmoil. The 13 states are bound together under the Articles of Confederation. But while the pact allows Congress to enact laws, it has no power to enforce them. And there's no consensus among the states about how to run a government. All the states looked upon themselves as independent nations. They owed nothing by way of sovereignty to any higher authority. They understood that there had to be strength in union, but they never wanted the strength in union to take their autonomy away. The country had been ravaged by war, the economy had been destroyed, and there was no national currency. So Congress couldn't raise any money to pay off its national debt. The states all turned inward, and you begin to have a variety of different kinds of disruptions and arguments and disagreements throughout the states. And, really, the fragility of what's being attempted here becomes very apparent. And it looked as though the victories that had been won on the battlefield were gonna be lost in the halls of politics. And for somebody like George Washington, in particular, this is really discouraging because by this time he's being called the father of his country and his country is falling apart before his very eyes. How melancholy is the reflection, that in so short a space we should've made such large strides towards fulfilling the prediction of our transatlantic foe! Leave them to themselves and their government will soon dissolve. Will not the wise and goods strive hard to avert this evil? In the spring of 1787, the Founding Fathers call on delegates from the 13 states to convene in Philadelphia. Their mission, build a more effective union. Benjamin Franklin, Alexander Hamilton, now an assemblyman from New York, and James Madison from Virginia all agree to attend. But George Washington is undecided. This is one of many moments in which people step forward and say, "You know, it's pretty important" that you'll be there. People trust you." And so he ends up being at the constitutional convention. He presides over the constitutional convention, not because he's eager, necessarily, to shape things, but because he felt it was important to be there. In its nearly four months in session the constitutional convention reinvents the American government, writing a new constitution that paves the way for Washington to be elected its first chief executive. The Jeffersons, the Madisons, and all the others, assembled in Independence Hall in 1787. And they all looked to him because he was a war hero. They wouldn't be there if it hadn't been for him. It was understood without anybody having to say anything that the presidency was gonna be occupied by George Washington. It's one of the reasons that, in the Constitution, the presidency is simply sketched in. They just looked over at Washington, said, "Okay, well, he'll figure it out." Washington, right before he becomes president, is in the perfect position. He has done the unthinkable. He's won the Revolution. He is a celebrity in his own country and every country. The entire world respects him. He has everything to lose by becoming president. George Washington spent decades of his life helping to create a new nation. Now 57, he's the only man that people trust to lead it. His election to the presidency is unanimous. No president in American history did not wish to be president more than George Washington. My movements to the chair of government will be accompanied with feelings not unlike those of a culprit who is going to the place of his execution. He knew, the minute he actually assumed the responsibilities of office, no matter how good a job he did, he was gonna make some enemies. And that frightened him a lot, but to then turn around and walk away from this new entity that he'd worked so hard to create, at the very moment when arguably he was needed most, would've been deemed an act of selfishness which would contradict his code of honor. I do solemnly swear. I do solemnly swear. That I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States. That I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the United States. And will, to the best of my ability... And will, to the best of my ability... Preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. Preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. Long live George Washington, President of the United States. Integrity and firmness is all I can promise. These, be the voyage long or short, never shall forsake me, although I may be deserted by all men. What the heck is a president? Like, no one knew. He had to have enough gravitas and dignity to be seen as a leader of a nation in a world of monarchies. But on the other hand, he can't be monarchical in any way, or kingly, because people are terrified that the nation's gonna slip right back into becoming a monarchy. And many people had a lot of misgivings about how much power this new centralized government was going to have. He could've been king, but that was not him. He believed in what he was doing. It's those who really don't believe in what they are doing, who are just interested in power. He wasn't interested in power. He had power. He's so conscious of that responsibility, the power of being a president without precedent, and that he's setting a model that others will follow. He writes letters to a number of people and what he wants is, really, basic advice, like, "How accessible should I be to the American people? "Should I accept dinner invitations? "Does a president shake hands with Americans? What kind of clothing should a national leader wear?" He thinks again and again as to what he can do to prove to people that he's not some superhuman king. Every day, at a certain time in the afternoon, he takes a walk around the block. He looks at a steeple with a clock on it, sets his watch, and goes back to his work. He's not in a carriage. He's in the muck of the street, and that's not accidental. He's making a statement "I am just like you walking in the street." To help him shape the presidency, Washington assembles some of the brightest minds in the country. James Madison is a scholarly fellow Virginian who has been very involved in the process of creating the Constitution. Madison is also Washington's speechwriter, and he has unbelievable sway and trust of the president. Thomas Jefferson is a Virginian who wrote the Declaration of Independence, so he's someone who has a lot of political experience. Henry Knox had been with Washington since 1775. He had seen the army suffer. He had seen what happens when Congress can't pay its bills. Alexander Hamilton was Washington's aide in the war, and he was loyal to Washington personally. They experienced the same challenges during the war, dealing with Continental Congress, and that really shaped their politics. Washington did not have a topflight education, but he admired people who did. He wanted the best people that he could get on his team. They don't always agree, but that's not necessarily a concern to him because he thinks that actually makes for a stronger debate. Right? "If there are different views, fine", "have different views, "and then I will consider the different views and come to a decision." You can tell a lot from leaders who like to empower other people, who look for people who are good at things they are not, who know things they don't. Washington was like that. In his first 150 days, Washington, his advisers, and the Congress worked together to invent the American government as we know it. This is a enormously productive time. Look at what they accomplished in that first year. They created the executive branch, the judiciary branch, the first tax laws. The Bill of Rights that talked about the way the government could not infringe upon other people, the citizens' rights. They set up the Patent Office. They strengthened a system of our economy. There's a proclamation of Thanksgiving. All these things were signed in one way or another by George Washington. It is this audacious experiment. Washington and the Founding Fathers basically inspire a nation to strengthen its civic backbone, and in the process, it just creates the precedent that people can selfgovern themselves, and I think we've lost sight of just how revolutionary that idea is. In June of 1790, Congress also chooses a site for a new capital city on the banks of the Potomac River, what will one day become Washington, D. C. The plan is to build it by the end of the decade. Until then, the government and the president take up temporary residence in Philadelphia. Please clear the table. Ensure that all the plates and silverware are put away before you leave. For the Washingtons, whose household is run by at least a half a dozen enslaved women and men, living in Pennsylvania is problematic. Governed by Quakers, it's one of the first states to commit to ending slavery within its borders. The Gradual Abolition Act of 1780 stated that if you were a nonresident and you came to Pennsylvania, you could bring your slaves with you, but you could only stay for a period of six months. If an enslaved person was in Pennsylvania for more than six months, they could be granted their freedom. Hello, dearest. Christopher. Bring the president some tea and see that he is comfortable. Washington, like many other slaveholding presidents, is not willing to go without his slaves, but he's also not willing to follow the rules, and so he finds a kind of loophole. In case it shall be found that any of my slaves shall attempt their freedom at the expiration of six months, it is my wish and desire that you would send them home, for although I do not think they would be benefitted by the change, the idea of freedom might be too great a temptation for them to resist. Basically, they were to create a slave rotation plan. Every six months, the Washingtons would rotate their slaves out of Pennsylvania back to Virginia. And if that was too problematic or cumbersome, a quick trip across the river to Trenton, New Jersey, would basically stop the clock on freedom. It behooves me to prevent the emancipation of them. Otherwise, I shall not only lose the use of them, but may have them to pay for. I wish to have it accomplished under pretext that may deceive both them and the public. You want him to take a leadership position on the slavery issue, and you're gonna be disappointed as you read his correspondence. He doesn't think the way you want him to. He sees the slaves as his property that he can't afford to lose. Washington fears that abolishing slavery would divide the union into two. The focus at that time was establishing the new nation. So Washington was pushing the decision about what to do with the institution of slavery to people that came after him. America's reckoning over slavery is still decades in the future, but Washington's about to face a more immediate threat to the nation. A call to arms against his own government. More than two years into Washington's first term, the people are rising up over a new tax on whiskey, one the president signed into law. He's approaching. Come on. No more taxes! No more taxes! And now the tax collector is a target. No more taxes! No more taxes! Grab him! No more taxes! Come on! No more taxes. No more taxes. No more taxes! No more taxes! No more taxes! No more taxes! No more taxes! No more taxes! Paying back the debt is a price of revolution. You will not find me in disagreement, yet not everyone is drawing the same conclusion. If they continue to doubt that we are one country, we will fail. The tax is the work of Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton, who's also pushing for a national bank, another unpopular idea. So when the nation launches, it's deeply in debt. There's no national financial superstructure of any kind. Hamilton realizes that there needs to be a way to raise money to pay for aspects of governance. He also wants to establish a standard that he can create this kind of tax and that people will abide by it and pay it. Washington believed a strong and coherent federal government was the best bulwark against disunion and chaos. No more taxes! No more taxes! No more taxes! No more taxes! No more taxes! No more taxes! Take it off. No more taxes! Take it off! No more taxes! Come on! The whiskey tax ends up being very controversial because it hits very hard in the West where whiskey is almost a form of currency. We're not talking about big whiskey producers. We're talking about grain farmers. They pay their rent in produce, in grain, and whiskey. From the standpoint of lot of people in America, this is exactly what the British government had done. And, my gosh, we're gonna have to fight against this the way we fought against the British when they were levying taxes. Come on! Ha ha ha ha! People started saying, "We've traded George III of Britain "for George I of America, and we don't like this." Tell Mr. Hamilton he can keep his taxes. The powers of the Presidency give you the right. Yes, but we must take care not to lay claim to more than we are due. A true leader must make the right decisions, not the ones that will make everyone happy. Happiness is not my aim. What we must achieve is unity. But dissent over Hamilton's financial plans is also causing a rift in Washington's inner circle. Two of his closest advisers, Thomas Jefferson and James Madison, are quietly recruiting allies to oppose Hamilton's influence. Washington had the best team that he could get, and they eventually began to drift apart and into a rivalry. They were all revolutionaries together but they all didn't have the same idea about what the revolution was supposed to be about. Now, we would never speak ill of Washington. He's a good man, the only man for the Presidency. But that a pugnacious upstart has corrupted his ear. I'm sure you have seen it for yourself. No one carries more sway now than Hamilton. And, uh, we need not look far for the consequences. The whiskey tax. It is a great disservice to the people. But at the end of the day, it is a merely a symptom of the far more troubling disease. Jefferson believes that Washington always sides with Hamilton. And for the most part he does because they share a strong belief in central government. Jefferson is trying to flesh out the idea of creating a separate political party. They don't see it as being antiWashington. They feel like they're fighting to preserve the integrity of the revolution. If we do not find a permanent way to check Hamilton's influence, he will destroy everything we have worked so hard to build. Jefferson and Madison don't assume that they're creating an organized opposition to the government. What they assume is that they're trying to save the government from people who are warping it. On the eve of the second presidential election, Washington remains wildly popular with the public. So Madison and Jefferson mount a campaign to change that. One of the things that drove the emergency parties was to write newspapers that aimed at a particular audience. People tended to read newspapers that supported their own positions. There was a gazette in the United States that was seen as very proWashington's administration, a mouthpiece for Hamilton's views. It's biased. And so at an early point, Jefferson and Madison think, "We need another newspaper" "that has a different point of view," and they create the "National Gazette." The newspaper is a betrayal in more ways than one. Jefferson's put the publisher on the State Department payroll. Washington's own government is unwittingly funding the attacks against his policies. This is obviously, like, 80 different kinds of shady. And his surrogate sons are the people spearheading these efforts underneath his nose. He felt betrayed. He was a man in psychic pain. And he didn't want to run for reelection. He knew another four years could very well kill him. You see me again entering upon the arduous duties of an important office. And perhaps in no instance of my life have I ever been more sensible of the sacrifice than in the present. For at my age, the love of retirement grows every day more and more powerful. Fetch me the box. Yes, sir. As Washington's about to embark on his second term in office, he's feeling the effects of his 61 years. In particular, a problem that's plagued him for decades. George Washington suffered from a horrible dental disease. By the time he becomes President of the United States, he has maybe one tooth left in his mouth. He now relies on a contraption made from wires, screws, and hippopotamus ivory. The replacement teeth are not made of wood. They're real teeth, including some of his own that had fallen out. We know that he wanted them to look as natural as possible. Farm animals, cows were used. And we also know that those dentures were made from the teeth of enslaved people. Washington actually paid money to have teeth removed, healthy teeth removed from enslaved people to be then be placed in his mouth. We know this because it's written in his account books. He would often pay them a couple of shillings for a tooth. This wasn't particular to him. People of means would advertise for teeth in the newspaper. And one of Washington's dentists said this. The dentures are terribly painful to wear. That sort of grimace on his face on the dollar bill, angry Washington, I mean, a lot of that has to do with his teeth. Well, that is done, then. Now, let us hurry. Time is wasting. Because of his dentures, he avoids public speaking. But on this day, he'll have no choice. Despite the rise in partisan attacks and dissension in his own cabinet, Washington's been unanimously reelected and is preparing to take the oath of office for a second time. The presidency was taking a lot out of him, but Washington can't leave just yet. If he does, everybody tells him the nation could very well descend into civil war. He didn't want to be President. He did it because there was no one else. He did it for the good of his country. Fellow citizens, I am again called upon by the voice of my country. Washington's second inaugural address is the shortest ever in American history just 135 words. I shall endeavor to express the high sense I entertain of this distinguished honor and of the confidence which has been reposed in me by the people of United America. In his first term, Washington built a nation. Now, in his second, he must keep it together. But his trusted advisers, especially Hamilton and Jefferson, are increasingly at odds over issues at home and abroad. Britain and France are once again at war. Washington wants nothing to do with the conflict. He was concerned about keeping a fragile nation together and worried that outside influences might come in and stir things up and make it more difficult to remain unified. He understood that if the United States became a toy in this fight between Britain and France, if the United States took sides, then it would give the other side every incentive to try to destroy the United States. Newspapers are debating both sides. People are wearing French flags, and they're gathering outside the President's house. And within his Cabinet, he has Hamilton arguing for neutrality. But Jefferson and Madison said, "France bailed us out. They're our friends." "They are the reason we won the war." "We've got to back them in this." Washington says, "Actually, our deal was with a king" who no longer has a head." Washington took upon himself to declare neutrality for the United States. Washington and Hamilton, they said, "We need to be neutral." Because of that, they're castigated as proEnglish. And this is one of the key things in American history, a fundamental dividing line that helps sparks partisan politics as we know it. Have you seen the papers? Hmm? This is a baseless charge, and it must be publicly address as such. The government cannot be expected to respond every time an essay is published that offends you. The President is not the head of a party. He is the head of a nation. A nation that ideologically only seems to run in one direction. If you disagree with President's policies, perhaps you should find more persuasive arguments! Or perhaps I Enough! If I may. I fear this is an argument that extends far beyond this room. They call it the funeral dirge of George Washington. A king? So I wish to be a king, do I? A tyrant? Is that what I am now? I did not want this. I never asked for any of this. My God! I should rather be in my grave than be made emperor of this world, and they charge me with wanting to be a king? Go on, then. Woodrow Wilson once said that, for some people, words were more powerful than bullets and caused more pain. So Washington, frankly, compared to most other people who've been President, escaped most of the words, but the one he didn't escape hurt him. You know, in the 18th century when they worry about their "fame", they weren't worried about celebrity. They were worried about their reputation. American politics, American media during the 1790s were as nasty as they've ever been ever since. The really critical editors would deliver three copies of their paper every day to the President's house, even after he cancelled their subscriptions, just to piss him off. But from Washington's perspective, freedom of the press came with what the American victory in the Revolutionary War was all about. He was not one who was gonna abridge freedom of the press. He wasn't gonna be the one who's gonna say, "Okay, we're gonna make this illegal." But with protests against the government's taxes growing more violent, Washington's revolutionary ideals are about to face the ultimate test. For three years, the people of Pennsylvania have refused to pay. Alexander Hamilton's whiskey tax. Now, when federal marshals arrived to enforce the law, a mob of 7,000 armed rebels respond by marching on Pittsburgh to run them out of town. A lot of the people who resented and opposed this have been soldiers in the revolution. They knew how to take up arms. It's not just a matter that there are people in Western Pennsylvania who don't want to pay a whiskey tax. The power of the government and the authority of the government is being tested. There weren't very many laws, federal laws, that touched individual lives. Most laws that people encountered were state laws. But this was one of those rare ones, and so does the federal government have the authority to enforce these laws? Can it in effect defend itself? So Hamilton encourages that there should be armed forces sent to western Pennsylvania to quash this rebellion and really show that the government can enforce its mandates. Many persons have been hardy enough to perpetrate acts which amount to treason, being overt acts of levying war against the United States. Washington issues a proclamation ordering the rebels to disperse or face the consequences. It is in my judgment necessary to call forth the militia to cause the laws to be duly executed. The essential interest of the union demand it. By October 1794, nearly 12,000 militia men from four states are assembled on Washington's orders to end the uprising. Washington, now 62, and Hamilton are back in uniform to personally command the operation. Think about that. He's President and leading an army potentially against other Americans. That's a quirky moment, right? We haven't, since then, had a President in uniform leading an army in that way. Rules matter. Law matters. You're bound together by a notion of law. That was very important to him. But Washington wants to show that the federal government is willing to use force. He doesn't want to use force. He wants to provide a way for the rebels to sort of back out. Alarmed by the number of troops mustering against them, the rebels send their spokesman to meet face to face with the President. I believe the army camped outside this door cannot be misunderstood. But in case there is any confusion, let me make this clear. Rebellion... will not be tolerated by myself or this nation. Now, I understand and sympathize with your position. These people are your family, your friends, neighbors. Your concerns are valid. I believe, together, we can work towards a solution that benefits us all... after you offer your complete and unequivocal submission. You may go now. What now? I will return to Philadelphia. You remain in command here. March the militia west and end this uprising for good. It would be my pleasure. I do not want anyone killed. If necessary, make arrests. Arrests? This... is a matter for the courts. And we are not executioners. Of course, sir. It doesn't come to the kind of blows that it might have come to. And in large part, this was precisely because Washington understood the moment. He's not really treating them as enemies. He didn't He doesn't chase them down. He doesn't try to destroy them. He simply disperses them. If Washington wasn't Washington, I'm almost certain that some that the republic would have fallen apart in the 1790s, in its early years, as almost all republics do. Washington's foresight was to understand the power of a national government. You have an allegiance to an idea that's put forth under the federal constitution which makes the country. Washington's whole point was that they had a special responsibility to validate the idea of selfgovernment. That it was our responsibility collectively. It's one of the reasons Washington adopted the mantle of presidency against his personal wishes. It's why he stayed on for a second term when he really wanted to go back to the farm. After nearly eight years in office, and with the country's partisan divide deepening, George Washington declines to stand for a third term. Many people who started with him in the Cabinet are now in opposition. He's seen his friends disappear and finds himself alone. He wants to go home and get away from the vipers in politics. When he eventually retires, Thomas Paine writes, "We're pleased to see you go," and asked the question "whether you have simply lost all your integrity or whether you ever had any." This is George Washington. Think about that. That's what they're saying. But outside the political elite, among the public, Washington is revered as the father of his country, the man who delivered the nation its freedom. He could have served for three terms, four terms, five terms. As long as he was alive, he would have been President of the United States because of his reputation as a man who could be trusted, as a man who put country ahead of himself. People at the time understood that the main threat to a republic was a demagogue who would seek power for himself, and Washington wasn't that person. Washington himself believed there cannot be a monarch. There cannot be a person who lives on and just dies in office. It's hard to overstate how that and the peaceful transfer of power is revolutionary, almost as revolutionary as the war itself. For nearly 150 years after that, every subsequent President, even in the absence of a constitutional amendment to that effect, had to step down, because they all faced the challenging question. "So you think you're better than Washington?" And no one was willing to answer that in the affirmative. George Washington's presidency ends on the afternoon of March 4th, 1797, when his successor. John Adams is sworn in. In that retirement, which is his voluntary choice, that he long lived to enjoy the delicious recollection of his services. In his inaugural address, John Adams, never Washington's biggest fan, sends him off with a soaring tribute. His name may be still a rampart and the knowledge that he leaves a bulwark against all open and secret enemies of his country's peace. Stop here. I thought it would be nice to walk the rest of the way. That sounds lovely. Washington was so excited to go home. He was so excited to be on his plantation. He was going to complete the renovations to his house. Finally, he was gonna be able to do the experiments he wanted to do in the garden. Lovely, isn't it? Beautiful. Washington has held many titles in his long life, General, Commander, and President. Now, in one historymaking moment, he becomes simply citizen. After two decades of public service, George Washington's longawaited return to private life is being cut short. He ends up getting two and a half years of retirement in Mount Vernon. He deserves more than that, and he wanted more than that. That is it. I am sending for the doctor. Washington catches what is a throat disease. Now he would be cured with antibiotics in a matter of hours. Stay with me, old man. Martha. Washington believes in bloodletting. It's considered modern medicine at the time. It's literally cutting someone and bleeding them. What we would consider nowadays a release of toxins. He's bled over and over again at his own request. More. I mean, it's prolonged torture, and he's not improving. My breath cannot last long. And eventually he says, "Stop. I'm just going." Wait... three days... to put my body in the vault. He says, "Wait three days to bury me." He wants them to be sure that he's actually dead. It's such an interesting concern and worry. It maybe speaks to his need for control. George Washington's epic life ends sometime between 10:00 and 11:00 on the night of December 14th, 1799. He was 67 years old. When he died, it was really clear that an age of American history had ended. Given Washington's symbolic as well as political importance in the founding of the nation, his death had an enormous impact. There was a huge response. Enormous funeral processions and ceremonies held throughout the nation. People understood that this was the passing of a moment. When Washington is buried, it's at home. He wants to be at Mount Vernon, as he always did. There are many in attendance, with one notable exception Martha Washington. She stays in the house. Whatever existed between the two of them, their relationship, her sadness over his death, we don't know... because she didn't want us to. At some point after her husband's death, Martha Washington destroys nearly all of the letters they'd written to each other over their 40 years of marriage. There's not very many letters that exist between them. One of them in particular, we know is the "My Dearest" letter. It was discovered in a writing desk that had been owned by Martha Washington, kind of behind one of the drawers by one of Martha's descendants in the 1840s. My dearest, as I am within a few minutes of leaving this city, I could not think of departing from it without dropping you a line. I retain an unalterable affection for you, which neither time or distance can change. With the utmost truth and sincerity, your entire, George Washington. Martha lives out the rest of her days quite quietly. She passes from old age quite peacefully at home and is interned next to Washington. In Washington's last will and testament, he stipulates that the enslaved people will be granted their freedom when Martha dies, except for William Lee, who he gives grants his freedom right away. Lee, who served by Washington's side in the war, suffered injuries in two separate accidents before Washington's presidency, making him physically unable to continue serving as Washington's valet. He spends the rest of his life at Mount Vernon. Lee was given the option of immediate emancipation and an annuity of $30 a year. He was to be taken care of. So it's a moment where we see Washington's thoughts, his changing feelings and sentiments about slavery revealed. Now, you can say he doesn't free him in his own life, but he's the only member of the Virginia dynasty to do this. Jefferson doesn't do it. Madison doesn't do it. Monroe doesn't do it. Patrick Henry doesn't do it. And we have to recognize it as significant as the first President of the United States, as a founder, that his decision to emancipate his slaves meant something. And it also signaled that slavery eventually would come to an end. He knew even at the time that his mark on history would be a large footprint. And I think he was thinking ahead in ways that we don't necessarily think about today. George Washington had a remarkable sense that he was performing not only to lead people in his own time but for all time. 15 miles north of Washington's final resting place sits the capital city that now bears his name. It's the beating heart of George Washington's real legacy the government he fought to create and then pass to future generations along with some advice on how to keep it alive. Friends and fellow citizens, the unity of government which constitutes you one people is also a main pillar of your real independence. Washington's farewell address is a political last will and testament. This is the sum total of his hardwon wisdom explicitly written for you. Let me warn you against the baneful effects of the spirit of party. And if you keep these principles in mind, you'll be fine. If you don't, there can be real trouble ahead. It opens the door to foreign influence and corruption. He laid out the warnings about how we have to protect this system we have created. Cunning, ambitious, and unprincipled men will be unable to subvert the power of the people. He understood that this was still a very fragile experiment, and he had no idea this is gonna last 200 years. Citizens by birth or choice, the name of American which belongs to you must always exalt the just pride of patriotism. Ever since George Washington, people looking at us and have been betting against America. So far, they've all lost money. I shall carry it with me to my grave that the free Constitution, which is the work of your hands, may be sacredly maintained. There are very few Washingtonlike figures in American history people who they weren't perfect, but you had a sense that, when the crisis came, when the winds were howling, when the wolf was at the door, you would want them in charge. Washington did a good job in making our union more perfect. And I think America has no idea how indebted to him they are. Washington is the embodiment of America's selfevident truth. He is the foundingest father of them all. Adams is his best read. Jefferson is the most intellectually sophisticated. Benjamin Franklin is, in some ways, the wisest. Washington's the greatest. No question about it. Primus inter pares first among equals. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 