American Idol: Season 19, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 American Idol 
 s19e1 - 401 (Auditions) - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 American Idol (2002–…): Season 19, Episode 1 - 401 (Auditions) - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What a time to be around in the world. ♪ We lost so much ♪ We're all out there dealing with challenges, and I'm just excited that the fans can sit at home and enjoy "American Idol" as a family. ♪ But something about you ♪ This audition is such a big deal for me. ♪ Has got me feelin' alive ♪ This can change all of our lives. ♪ There must be magic ♪ I'm a small‐town country boy, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and I just wanted to come out and see the world a little bit. Just in case you didn't know it was me, it's me. ♪ When I get lost here ♪ You're gonna be great. Thank you, Dad. The talent is going to lead the way. Wait till you hear these kids. Lots of other things are canceled. Silver lining is that dreams are not canceled. Right. ♪ You feel like home ♪ That's got to be right up there with the Kelly Clarkson audition, the Jennifer Hudson audition. Yay! ♪ Ohhh ♪ You're an undeniable star. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Thanks. We were able to really go all across America. You are a new voice that the world has never heard. It doesn't get better than that when you're searching for stars. We just broke all the rules for you, 'cause you are worth breaking the rules over. On the first note, I had chills. ♪ When the lights go out ♪ Get out of here! Holy... Wow! I couldn't be any happier to be in that judge's chair right now. Hopefully my doesn't show. Hey! It feels like the good old "American Idol" back to work again. ♪ You are my home ♪ Daddy! Hi, Gracie! ♪ You feel like home ♪ Once again, we've come together as family in the spirit of music. This is the original dream maker, because this is "American Idol." ♪ You feel like home ♪♪ ♪ 'Cause I‐I‐I'm in the stars tonight ♪ Do I stand here? Is this where I stand? Step up on the T. Yep. There you go. ♪ Let's rock 'n' roll ♪ ♪ King Kong ♪ What's up? My name's Benson Boone. I'm 18 years old, and I'm from Monroe, Washington. ♪ 'Cause I‐I‐I'm in the stars tonight ♪ I'm just really a big goofy nut ball. I'm Benson. Troublemaker. ♪ Dynamite ♪ I started singing a little over a year ago at the end of high school. My best friend, he's like, "Yo, we should get this band going." And I was like, "Who's gonna sing?" And he was like, "You're gonna sing." I went... "What?" Ever since then, that's just all I do is just sing. ♪ Set the night alight ♪ How you doing? Good to meet you. Good to meet you, too. You ready for this? Oh, I'm so ready. I'm so ready. They tell me you're famous, that you're a famous backflipper. You want me to do ‐‐ I don't know on this ‐‐ If you don't land on this, it's gonna make us all feel bad, so... Okay, good. That was a risk. We took it. It paid off. Yeah. Will this risk pay off? Getting a golden ticket, wow, that would be the biggest honor of my life. ♪ Like dynamite, whoa‐oh‐oh ♪ Oh, my gosh. What's up? How's it going, man? Good. How are you? I'm doing really good. Tell us who you are. My name is Benson Boone. I am 18 years old, and I'm from Monroe, Washington. What made you want to audition for "Idol"? I started singing a year ago. A year ago? Yeah. I didn't know I could sing before a year ago. So I don't know where it came from. You never sang "Happy Birthday"? I did, but I just sung it bad with my friends 'cause, you know, but I don't know. It's become a really big passion of mine really quickly. And so I auditioned. So, you a big TikTok'er? Oh, boy, I do some singing and then entertainment. Not like ‐‐ Like, there's a lot of thirst traps on there. Uh‐huh. Like, guys trying to be rawr. What's this guy that's on TikTok that's like ‐‐ Noah, yeah. And he does his little dances. - Yep, does his little dances, takes his shirt off. - And it's very nonchalant. I bet he has the six‐pack abs. Oh, yeah. Yep. Let's see yours. I have an ab. An ab? Yeah. Just one massive... Square... bloated ab. What are you gonna sing today? Today I'm singing "Punchline" by Aidan Martin. Wow. Alright, let's hear it. Alright, I'll be playing the piano. Blow us away. Oh, man, he just ‐‐ Somehow he just ‐‐ Oh, really? Oh, really? Okay. Benson Boone. Just happened. Should I be, like, really close to the microphone? Make it comfortable for you. Yeah, I would get ‐‐ Yeah. Okay, does this sound good to you guys? Oh, yeah. Right here? Can you hear yourself? Have you ever used a mic? Not really. Alright. Oh, my God. I love this. Well, hey, the best way to test the volcano is jump in it. Said no one ever. Philosopher. Are you actually learning the song right now? No, I'm just making sure ‐‐ I haven't played for a little bit. I'm just making sure I have the chords down. This is designed to scare the hell out of you. It is. Hurry up. Alright. ♪ I don't know ♪ ♪ If I'm in the crowd, do I stand alone? ♪ ♪ You know all the words but don't sing along ♪ ♪ Every single eye has been watching me ♪ ♪ And they don't see ♪ ♪ That I am just another ♪ ♪ Trying to find a way ♪ ♪ To hold on to your loving ♪ ♪ And laugh away the pain ♪ ♪ I don't need no cameras to see your point of view ♪ ♪ I need someone to turn to ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ I guess my heart never learns ♪ ♪ No use in finding the words ♪ Whoo! Yes. ♪ If you're never here when it hurts ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm a joke ♪ Whoo! ♪ Waiting for the punchline ♪ Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Killer. Alright. One thing I just have to get clear and straight. Yeah. You never sang growing up? No one in my family sings. So I just didn't, like, think it ‐‐ You just never took it serious. Yeah. Yeah. What? I'm just calling it natural talent. I mean... It's crazy. Yeah. You know, there's just some folks that need to practice, and there's some folks that just are gifted at it. You're not cocky. You're humble. You're still in diapers. You're a toddler when it comes to this world. Just start having fun with your voice, 'cause it's a true gift, man. Thank you. Right? They're gonna swoon over Benson Boone. Okay. Yeah. Alright. I mean, I'm gonna tell you something that you may not believe, but if you believe it, it might happen. I mean, I'm, like, literally ‐‐ I, like, see "American Idol," and I see you, and I see you winning "American Idol" if you want to. Oh, my ‐‐ That is the biggest compliment I've ever gotten. Thank you. Hallelujah. It's a yes. Thank you. Yes, yes, yes. Yes! Ah! Oh! Oh! Ow. You're going to Hollywood. Benson Boom! Thank you so much. Benson Boom. Benson Boom, drop the mic. Benson Ka‐boom! Thank you guys so much. Enjoy this ride. Here he comes. There's his ticket. Oh, my gosh, Ben. Oh, my gosh. Katy Perry said she thinks I can win the show. Ah! I have just opened the door to my future, and I'm ready to go get it. We're going to Hollywood, baby! I'll see you there! Whoo! America is showing up... I'm so happy to be here, I don't know what to do. ...delivering the best talent we have ever seen. Something special right there. Magic. ♪ Feel ♪ ♪ Want me ♪ Can't‐miss moments continue... Um, I'm Claudia Conway. Are you okay? No. No. Oh! Whoa, whoa, whoa. ...as we catch a glimpse of future stars... That's got to be right up there with the Kelly Clarkson audition, the Jennifer Hudson audition. ...when our Valentine's Day season premiere continues next. ♪ I was born in the Southland ♪ ♪ Some 17 years ago ♪ My name is Alex Miller. I'm 17 years old, and I'm from Lancaster, Kentucky. ♪ I ran away for the first time ♪ ♪ When I was only 4 years old, I'm a free‐born man ♪ ♪ Got this old worn‐out guitar ♪ Lancaster's a very small town ‐‐ very peaceful, not nothing really exciting going on, and I like it that way. My granddad, he owns a big old cattle farm. It's tough work, but it'll make a man out of you. That's exactly right. That's how I feel, too. Music means everything to me. Whenever I was young, my parents divorced, and it was a way for me to cope with that and release a lot of that energy. ♪ I will open up your eyes so you can see ♪ You know, in the 10 years you've been singing, you've done very, very well, I think. Well, I try, you know. I counted it up last night. You've sang 935 times. ♪ And don't forget to call on me ♪ I'll see y'all later. Y'all take care, now. ♪ I would walk a thousand miles for you, my darlin' ♪♪ ♪ Boney fingers ♪ ♪ Rain comin' down and the roof won't hold her ♪ ♪ Well, I lost my job ♪ Hey! ♪ And I feel a little older ♪ ♪ Car won't run, and our love's grown colder ♪ ♪ Maybe things will get a little better in the morning ♪ ♪ Maybe things will get a little better ♪ Hello! Oh, here we go. ♪ Maybe things will get a little better ♪ Hold on. ♪ Work your fingers to the bone ♪ ♪ What do you get? ♪ ♪ Boney fingers ♪ Alright, we are ready for you, buddy. Alright. Tell us who you are and where you're from and your age. Well, my name is Alex Miller, and I'm from Garrard County, Kentucky. I'm 17 years old. And I'm so happy to be here, I don't know what to do. From what county? Garrard County. "Gare‐ed"? Garrard. You got to ‐‐ You got to put a ‐‐ When they named it, they had tobacco in their mouth. That's exactly right. That's exactly right. Oh! I understand all the Southern accents now. That's right. I mean, I hope you sing like you talk, because that could be amazing. Please be able to sing. Please, please. What are you gonna do for us? Well, I'm gonna do a little song I wrote for an ex‐girlfriend of mine. Hope y'all enjoy it. It's called "I'm Over You, So Get Over Me." Goes a little something like this. So get over "moy." ♪ Well, time and time again I try ♪ ♪ And just when I get you off my mind ♪ ♪ Off my mind ♪ ♪ You come crawling on your knees ♪ ♪ Bawling, crying, and begging, "Please" ♪ ♪ But I'm over you ♪ ♪ So get over me ♪ ♪ Lately I've been getting smart ♪ ♪ No, you're never gonna break my heart ♪ ♪ 'Cause I'm over you ♪ ♪ So get over me ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah, I'm over you ♪ ♪ So get over me ♪ Love it, love it, love it, love it, love it, love it... Yee‐haw! ...love it, love it, love it. Thank you, Jesus. I am thrilled. Your personality is just infectious, man. Yeah. Well, thank you. What happens if you were to ever play the Grand Ole Opry? Oh, I don't know, man. I'd die and go to heaven. I think I can make a call at some point. I mean, hold on. Don't you want to, like, sing a little song with him or something? I totally want to sing a song. Of course you do. What do you want to do? Oh, yes. It's so good. You know "Big City"? Love that song. I love this. Hey, is Lancaster, Kentucky, a big city? Oh, Lord, no. We'd have to count the cows and chickens to get a census report. Can't make that up. ♪ Ba‐ba‐dah ♪ Is that right? Yeah. ♪♪ Hit it. ♪ Oh, well, I'm tired of this dirty old city ♪ ♪ I'm tired of too much work ♪ ♪ And never enough play ♪ ♪ Turn me loose, set me free ♪ Where at, Luke? ♪ Somewhere in the middle of Montana ♪ ♪ Give me all I've got coming to me ♪ Go on, baby. ♪ And keep your retirement ♪ ♪ And your so‐called ♪ ♪ Social Security ♪ I'm taking this boy home with me. ♪ Big city, turn me loose ♪ He probably needs a ride. ♪ And set me free ♪ Whoo! Right there. There it is right there. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Something special right there. Hey. Alex, we're gonna go on a little trip, buddy. Yeah. You're tall, boy. Man. Hi, Mama. What's your name? Hi. How are you? My name's Brandi. Follow us, Brandi. Come on. Oh, my God. It's a surprise. It's a surprise. ♪ Turn me loose, set me free ♪ Alex, welcome to show biz, buddy. ♪ Somewhere in... ♪ Well, hello, gentlemen. How are you all doing? I brung Mama with me, and I brung a few other people, too. Hello. Hey, buddy. What's up? We wanted to share some news with the whole family. Awesome. Luke? Look right there, Pop. Whoo! He's going to Hollywood. Oh, my God. He's going to Hollywood! Alex! He's going to Hollywood. Oh, my God. Congratulations, son. It really does mean a lot. So Alex heads back to the family farm to celebrate with his granddad. Something new this season for contestants ‐‐ an immersive experience designed to strengthen the bond between loved ones both near and far. ♪ Early in the morning ♪ ♪ I still get a little bit nervous ♪ Ooh, okay. Oh! How you doing, son? I love you so much. I miss you. ♪ Fighting my anxiety constantly ♪ ♪ I try to control it ♪ Daddy! Daddy, kisses. Love you. ♪ 'Cause I can't express how thankful I am ♪ I really got the best family. The world might look a little different this year, but one thing that will never change is the power of someone saying they believe in you. Surprise. It's your biggest fan. ♪ I don't wanna lose ♪ Well, thanks, Ma. I am so proud of you. And I believe whatever passion you have, you should follow that dream. And look where this dream has taken you. Mom, what show is this? This is "American Idol." Can't beat it. I'm gonna go get a golden ticket. You're going to Hollywood. I'm going to Hollywood! ♪ Would never be this strong without you here ♪ ♪ You've seen how I've grown ♪ ♪ You took all my doubts, 'cause you ♪ Going to Hollywood! ♪ Were home ♪ Hey, Jay Jay. ♪ I don't wanna lose... ♪ Wow. We're there with you, Jay Jay. It's alright, baby. It's alright. Don't look back. I always had that dream that you will make it. Let your wings fly. Just let them fly. Yes! Yes! To have this opportunity, even after being told no so many times, I'm grateful. ♪ Yesterday I had nothing ♪ I'm Jason Warrior. I'm 25 years old. And I'm from Chicago, Illinois. ♪ I would pretend that anything could happen ♪ So I have had some experiences on the television singing shows before. I was on "The Four." I got a no from Meghan Trainor. And... I responded out of my emotions because I thought I knew it all. I thought I was all that and a bag of chips, dip, and hot sauce, but I wasn't even close to being there yet. And I had to have that humbling experience. ♪ That was yesterday ♪ So that moment of immaturity, it almost completely destroyed my career. Doors started to close. Door after door, opportunities started to walk away. ♪ Still know where I'm from, oh ♪ My mom taught me that you got to keep going no matter who says no. It's a beautiful thing, baby. It's a beautiful thing. Let it out. So, come on. Now what you gonna do? Follow your dream. Warrior in the house. Warriors in the house. Yeah. Yeah, I made a mistake. But I learned from it. And I intend to show that I learned it. I was hurt. I was destroyed. National television, and I thought I couldn't come back from that. Well, let me tell you something. If you try to go back and scream at the past, you'll trip over the future. So this is your shot again looking forward. Yes, sir. So what are you gonna do for us? You try to go back and scream at the past, you'll trip over the future. So what are you gonna do for us? I'll do Marvin Gaye's "What's Going On." Wow. Tall order. Very good. Let's hear it, Jason. Thank you. ♪ Mother, mother ♪ ♪ There's so many of you crying ♪ ♪ Oh, brother, brother, brother ♪ ♪ There's far too many of you dying ♪ ♪ You know we got to find a way ♪ ♪ To bring some loving here today, yeah ♪ ♪ Father, father ♪ ♪ We don't need to escalate ♪ Come on, now. ♪ Ohhh ♪ ♪ War is not the answer ♪ ♪ For only love can conquer hate ♪ ♪ You know we got to find a way ♪ Whoo. Come on, son. ♪ To bring some loving here today ♪ ♪ Picket signs ♪ Mm. ♪ And picket lines ♪ ♪ Don't punish me ♪ ♪ With brutality ♪ ♪ No ♪ ♪ Talk to me ♪ ♪ So you can see ♪ ♪ What's going on ♪ ♪ Yeah, what's going on ♪ ♪ Can I tell you what's going on? ♪ ♪ Ohhhhh oh‐oh‐oh‐oh‐oh ♪ ♪ Mmmm mmmm ♪ Whoo, man. Jason, Jason, Jason, Jason. Very few people can take a Marvin Gaye song and turn it into their song. Yeah. That was phenomenal. I'm gonna ask you to forget all about what's behind you. It's gone. You got that? Alright. I'm gonna say that was one of the strongest vocals I have ever heard on this show. I'm very proud of you... Thank you so much. ....because it took a lot of guts to crawl back into that saddle. That was serious, man. And your name is beautifully awesome. Jason Warrior. I mean, are you kidding me? Jason Momoa wishes. I want to go buy that ticket. "What you doing tonight?" "Me and my girl, we're going to dinner. We're going to see Jason Warrior." Yeah, that's dope. There's got to be somebody in your family that's been your foundation. Uh‐huh. My grandmother had a dream that I was on the show. And she literally said, "You know what? I see you standing as one of the last people." Well, it sounds like you were on the wrong show, first and foremost. It sounds like you're on the right show, and Grandma always knows best. Yeah. Yeah. Jason, I thought that was magnificent. Your grandma's dream might be coming true. You thought it was your time before. This is prime time now, okay? We're gonna vote. Luke, tell me what you're thinking. Yes, buddy, yes. Katy, tell me what you're thinking. Yes, sir. Thank you so much. And from Lionel Richie, amen. You have a yes from me. You are going to... Hollywood. Hollywood! Thank you so much. Take a bow, man. So much. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Very happy for you. Thank you guys so much. Jason, your golden ticket is waiting for you. Great job, buddy. Let's go and get the golden ticket. Take that... That's right... golden ticket, man. There you go. He's gonna go for the tippy top. To the top. He's so good. Yeah, he's a singer now. He's so good now. ♪ What's going on ♪ He'll hurt you, boy. I'm going to Hollywood! ♪ My sisters and my brothers ♪ Yeah! We did it. ♪ All my favorite colors ♪ I always had that dream. Look at it now, baby. Look at it! Whoo! Feels like a weight has just lifted off of my shoulders and I can now breathe and move forward in my life, and that's what I'm looking forward to. With Jason's dreams getting a second wind... ♪ You can never know what it's like ♪ ...these next contestants are hoping to find a fan... ♪ There's a cold, lonely light that shines from you ♪ ...in the judges. Hopefully I'll be able to blow you guys away, huh? Wow. Let's rock it. ♪ Coming, baby ♪ ♪ Coming for you ♪ ♪ Pull my trigger, let me blow your mind ♪ I think it's a little too out there right now. I'm a no. ♪ Don't you know I'm still standing... ♪ ♪ Ooh‐ooh ♪ I think you're a little bit theatrical. ♪ Oh‐oh‐oh ♪ It's just not right for "American Idol." ♪ Hello ♪ ♪ Is it me you're looking for? ♪ No, no, no. Please save us! Is there any talent left? Praying for it. ♪ I'm still standing ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ Was it ‐‐ I was in the right key, wasn't we? Unh‐unh. ♪ I'm still standing ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ I love this. I am here. That isn't my take. My name is Ryan Romano. I'm 16 years old, and I am from Romeo, Michigan. Right now, I am feeling like a million bucks. That's the simplest way to put it. I did a talent show in third grade ‐‐ that was kind of my eye‐opener to me being a performer. I walked out onto that stage, and I didn't know what to expect, and I loved it. It was kind of the dawn of the fashion, too, if you will. ♪ Blue‐eyed, dress for every situation ♪ People that know who I am know my subtleness, my modesty. But then, they also know that I have that extravagant side to me. ♪♪ Oh, yeah. Whoa, wait a minute. Where'd you get that? That's pretty dope. Yeah, I got a tailor back home. Well, who inspired the fashion? I mean ‐‐ The fashion? Elton John. I love his flamboyant extravagance. Oh. Alright, now, Ryan, give it to us. Alright. ♪♪ Tickle 'em. ♪♪ ♪ I think it's gonna be a long, long time ♪ ♪ 'Til touchdown brings me 'round again to find ♪ ♪ I'm not the man they think I am at home ♪ ♪ Oh, no, no, no ♪ ♪ Yeah, I'm a rocket man ♪ ♪ Rocket man ♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪ I think it's gonna be ♪ ♪ A long, long ♪ ♪ Time ♪ ♪♪ Alright, Ryan. Alright. Thank you. You got there. Luke, tell us about it. ♪ So I think it's gonna be a long, long time ♪ Ryan Romano from Romeo. So, Ryan, obviously, you have the showman aspect, but the vocals have a little ways to go, my friend. They do? Okay. I mean, heck, you're 16 years old. You're standing up, playing a piano. Right. And even if your voice never gets to where it may need to get, you'll be entertaining somewhere on piano. I appreciate that. Thank you. So just take this experience, learn from it, grow, and really polish up your vocals. Alright. I like your costume a lot. If you ever are looking to sell that coat... Yeah, I might. I have a father... Oh. Oh, okay. Alright. ...that I could see in it. Oh, oh. Hold up. Have you seen her dad's daily attire? Oh. Oh, you're right. I think I've seen pictures and stuff before. Oh, boy. I never thought about that ‐‐ you're right. It's worth a Google. ♪ Fashion ♪ ♪ Turn to the left ♪ ♪ Fashion ♪ ♪ Right ♪ ♪ Fashion ♪ Wow. Let's vote, you guys. Uh, Luke? Keep chipping away, man. For "American Idol" right now, I'm a no. Katy? Okay. $350. For...? Oh. Alright. Do you have Venmo? I do. Are you for real about this? I'll do it. Seriously. Really. We're do‐‐ Okay. Whoa. A deal has been struck on the set... We're do‐‐ Oh, my gosh... of "American Idol." Here we go, cash on the barrelhead. I love it. My phone is outside, but, yeah, I can give you ‐‐ That's okay. I've got you. I've got you right here. Wow. 350 smackaroonies. Luke's saying $400. I don't know. Wait, wait, wait, what? I'm just ‐‐ Luke's saying $400. I don't know. I mean, I'm not pushing for anything. 400 smackaroonies. Wow! What a deal. Oh, my God. Alright. I just paid you. Y‐‐ Wow. Alright. It's a no for "American Idol," but it's a yes for that jacket. Wow. Okay, so you want it, like, right now? If you leave it on the piano, that's where the sanitization is. There you go. Yeah. That's a hell of a deal. Your dad is gonna love that jacket. It feels like a good deal. ♪ Don't you know I'm still standing... ♪ You have no idea ‐‐ her dad's gonna love that jacket. You might have to make him a few more. And then all of a sudden, you're Katy Perry's dad's costume maker. Now, that's cool. That's really something. That's cool. Designer. Katy, why don't you buy his shoes, too? They're nice. Are you kidding me? We might ‐‐ Shut up! So the guy will go out of here with no clothes on? Ryan, thank you very much. We'll see you. Bye, Ryan. Thank you. We love you, man. I appreciate it. Nice to meet you guys. Love you. Thank you, man. ♪ I'm still standing ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ I sold my jacket. You sold the jacket? Katy Perry just bought my jacket. Well, come on. The next time ‐‐ what happened? I didn't get a ticket. Oh. How many child labor laws did Katy just violate? He's 16. He didn't make the jacket himself. So I didn't get the golden ticket today. It's okay. "Katheryn Hudson paid you." "I love you and your jacket." $400. That's cool. I'm happy to have had the opportunity to demonstrate the extravagance that I like to put into my performances ‐‐ audibly, visually. I'm happy that Katy gets to take home that extravagance that I came here with. And above all else, treasure modesty. Remember to treasure modesty always. ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ Thank you. ♪ I'm still standing ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ What an interesting time. You can say that again. Ah, dang, boy. Hi. Aha! Oh, mask, ah! Howdy. It's okay. I was gonna say, that would be interesting. Go ahead, you guys. I don't know. Oh, you did good. Katy: It's okay. Hi, everyone. My name is Anilee List. I am 20 years old, and I'm from Los Angeles, California. I started doing music when I was really, really little. I was always the outgoing child who just wanted to be onstage and perform. Whoo‐hoo! When I was 7, I started developing some facial and motor tics. Darn it. My parents started to get a little freaked out. Couldn't get my work done. I couldn't go to sleep. I just couldn't control my body at all. How were you diagnosed, and how did how does it show up, and...? So, I was diagnosed when I was 10. And so, Tourette's is a mixture of body tics, facial tics... Yeah, yeah. ...and then vocal tics. Mm, um, like that. Yeah. ♪ Some days I look in the mirror ♪ I was little. I didn't even know what I was doing. ♪ And I think the meanest things ♪ I didn't want to be the kid with "something wrong with her." ♪ And if battles can win a war ♪ It was Season 10 of "American Idol," and James Durbin was on the TV. ♪ Don't go ♪ Wow! You go away when you sing. When I was younger, I was diagnosed with Tourette's. And when I sing, it just all goes away. Yeah! So before he was on the show, did you think, "I can't do that. It's not ‐‐ It's not for me"? Definitely, like, my confidence was really, you know, hitting a low point. I was only 10 years old, too, so I was kind of like a shining light... Wow. ....in the sea of, like, confusion, you know? Right. I am really actively involved in the Tourette Association of America. Ladies and gentlemen, Anilee List. They were actually the reason that I got to meet James. And I was in shock when I first met him. It was incredible. I hope to prove to people that I am much more than my Tourette's and I am just as normal and weird as everybody else. Mm. ♪ Tiny victories ♪ It's funny because, like, every time I'm singing or I'm performing, my tics completely go away. Wow. And that feels like it's a superpower. Aww! Totally get it. What are you going to sing for us? I'll be singing a song called "Blue" by Aaron Taylor. Okay. Okay. One, two. ♪♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪♪ ♪ If you love me like you say you do ♪ ♪ Why do I feel so blue? ♪ ♪ If you love me like you sa‐a‐a‐y ♪ ♪ You do, ooh‐ooh‐ah ♪ ♪ Why do I feel so blue? ♪ ♪ Oh, if you love me, baby ♪ ♪ Why am I lonely, baby? ♪ ♪ Are you holding back from me? ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ And if you want me, babe ♪ ♪ Come and get me, baby ♪ ♪ You're making it hard, hard for me, yeah ♪ ♪ 'Cause if you love me like you say ♪ ♪ You do, ooh‐ooh ♪ ♪ Oh, why do I, why do I ♪ ♪ Oh, why do I, why do I feel so blue? ♪ Love it. ♪ Oo‐oo‐oo‐ooh, ooh‐ooh ♪ Ooh! ♪ Why do I‐I ♪ ♪ Why do I‐I ♪ ♪ Why do I‐I, why do I‐I ♪ ♪ Feel so blue, ooh‐ooh? ♪ ♪ Blue, ooh‐ooh‐ooh ♪ ♪ Why do I feel so blue? ♪ That's it. Six feet, six feet, six feet. Amazing. Amazing, amazing, amazing. Whoo! Gosh. Oh, my gosh! Thank you. Okay? I had, like, six waves of chill bumps. Wow! Thank you. Wow. Wow. Wow. That was one of the most technically perfect vocals I think we've ever gotten here on "American Idol." Yeah, yeah. Wow. It's just completely flawless. It was beautiful. I mean, no one needs to critique you on our voice. No. No, it's good, man. I mean, we're all up here going, "What are we going to tell this child?" I know. I mean, at this point, it's about... We're gonna look like fools. No. Wow. Should we just make a vote on three? Yes. One, two, three. Yes! You're going to Hollywood! To Hollywood! Ah! Whoo! I cannot wait to see where this goes. I am so excited. Amazing. Amazing job. Okay? I seriously can't thank you guys enough. Oh, my God, congratulations. Thank you guys so much. Thank you! Really great. Thank you, sweetie. Love it. See you guys! See you soon. Renewed my faith in the new season. There wasn't one... No. ...note off, and those are all hard choices. Oh, geez. ♪ You'll never be alone ♪ Oh, my God. Hey! What's up?! What's up?! I got my golden ticket. I'm super pumped. Whoo‐hoo‐hoo! I'm so proud of you, so happy for you. Seeing you as, like, a kid, and now, like, look what you're doing ‐‐ it's amazing. Yeah. I feel like, if it wasn't for you, I probably wouldn't have auditioned. Now's your chance to, you know, show that next generation what you've been diagnosed with. It's not something that defines you, but it's something that you can defy. Thanks so much, James. You got it, Anilee. Have so much fun. Thanks. I'm proud of myself. I really am. A magical moment for an Idol past and present. Hey! I got to be myself, you know? Yeah. And we look forward to the future... I see something very special in you. ...with more electric moments... ♪ Oh ♪ Oh, my goodness. Wow! ...as our Season 4 auditions unfold. That's like magic. Not only do we see you, but the world sees you. Thank you. You give hope to so many people. So keep being brave. You never know what's going to happen when they start singing, and you never know how magical it's going to be. ♪ 'Cause my daddy knows best ♪ We're here finally. Whoo! Well, my name's Danica Steakley, and this is my dad. Do you feel confident you'll be the next American Idol? Yes, I do. The first time I heard Danica sing, I knew that she was going to be the winner of "American Idol." So, what kind of music do you do? Danica's got a strong voice. You know, she's not set in any one genre of music. What else do you want to sing? Um, what about "Release Me"? No, let's do "You're the Only World I Know." Huh? Okay. That's a good song. Sonny James, yeah. ♪ 'Cause my daddy knows best ♪ Okay, so, how are you feeling right now? I'm feeling good. I know she's got it. I'll be 73 the 29th of this month, and that'd be a great 73rd birthday present ‐‐ that golden ticket. Okay? ♪ Whoa‐oh ♪ Danica, what's going on? I'm just so happy. Oh, come on, baby, you... Don't cry. Don't cry. Now, go in there and get that gold ticket. No, don't, don't, don't. You can't sing if you cry. Yeah. ♪ 'Cause my daddy knows best ♪ Good luck, you guys. We're gonna send you in right now, okay? Okay. Right in there. See you on the other side. And the winner of "American Idol" is... ♪ I'm gonna wait till you pass the test ♪ ♪ 'Cause my daddy knows best ♪ ...Danica Steakley?! Alright! Oh, my God! ♪ Don't care what you say ♪ - Hey, how are you? - How are you doing? Doing great. How you guys doing? Fantastic. Great to see you. Whoo! Welcome to "American Idol." Thank you. So, tell us who you are and where you're from. I'm Danica Steakley, I'm 17, and I'm from Gulfport, Mississippi. And this is my dad. How are you doing, Dad? What's your name? Dan. Dan? Yeah. And you're retired Navy? Yes. Went to boot camp here in '68. Wow. Wow. Then went through a little cruise over to Vietnam a couple of times... Wow. Really? Wow. Retired in '91. I was a lieutenant. Oh, great. Very good. Oh, whoa! Congratulations. Lieutenant! Yes. Well, we're excited to hear you sing. Mr. Dan, if you want to go hop on that chair. Over there. That's the spot. Lieutenant Dan? Yeah. Lieutenant Dan. I'm glad you guys picked up on that, "Lieutenant Dan." Wait a minute. Does that sound in tune to you? It's a little out of tune. A little out of tune. ♪ Oh ♪ I wonder if you grab Phred's. Yeah. Is that cool, Phred? Oh, my... good. Got to get it right. Whew! Yes, sir. Yes, indeed. There we go. Perfect. Now belt it out, baby. Do it. You know you can do it. ♪♪ ♪ Today I passed you on the street ♪ ♪ And my heart fell at your feet ♪ ♪ I can't help it if I'm still ♪ ♪ In love with you ♪ ♪♪ ♪ It's hard to know another's lips will kiss you ♪ Oh, sing it, baby. ♪ And hold you just ♪ ♪ The way I used to do ♪ ♪ I can't help it if I'm still ♪ ♪ In love with ♪ ♪ You ♪ ♪♪ Mm! Alright! That is good. Okay. Danica, you're very talented, but I think you're 17 ‐‐ you can kind of hear it in your voice a little bit, the kind of little lack of experience. Mm. Mm‐hmm. Mm‐hmm. Mm‐hmm. Mm‐hmm. There's a bit of a timidness or a shyness when delivering. Yes. I think maybe, you know, when you get around other big singers, you're going to go, "Oh!" Danica: Yeah. "This is what I got to do," you know? Yes. You know how to go, "Oh, I need to just dial this up or be a little bit louder or give it some more," you know? Mm‐hmm. I think you have a fantastic high end. Thank you. But holding on to the lows, you get lost and fade out a little bit. A little, yeah. But that's just not knowing your voice enough yet. You've got the goods. I just think it's timing and a little bit of experience. And otherwise, I just love your father's enthusiasm. That's your PR agent, no matter where you go in life, okay? Yeah. Remember that. Dad, I know this is probably quite frustrating to hear ‐‐ and you, too, Danica ‐‐ you have all the makings to grow into a really, really great singer. Correct. The best thing for you is to get out there and gig and play. 'Cause you're 17, and it may be one of those scenarios where you're not quite ready to tackle this competition that we're sending through. And, um... My gut tells me that you're not quite ready. It's a no from me. I'm sorry, babe. I understand. I want a good birthday present. I just think you need to be around other big vocalists to really understand what type of competition this is. But I think you can do it. She can do it. So... it's a yes for me. And you'll learn quick. You're at that wonderful age of life now where you can be inspired or discouraged. Mm‐hmm. I agree with Luke. Take the time. Yeah. I understand. Put it together and really come back here. 'Cause I want you to go all the way. Yeah. So I'm going to have to say no this time around. Thank you for the advice. Dad? Adiós, people. Do you want us to just walk out, or...? Lieutenant Dan. Thank you. I really appreciate it. You got your thing to do, and I got mine. Thanks, Danica. Bye. Bye, love. No ticket? Nope, no ticket. You're leaving? Yep, I'm leaving. Leaving with her? Dad, can you come back? I'm leaving with her. Come on. Let's go. Dad, we have ‐‐ You okay? Yeah, I'm okay. I'm okay. We're leaving. Oh, well, I think you just need some more time. We need some more time, timing. Da‐da, da‐da, da‐da‐da‐da‐da. He's a little sad. Why didn't they just say no right away? I mean, I'm disappointed, but as a singer, you have to take criticism well, and I understand that. Dad wasn't having none of it. Dad was not having any of it. Well, Pops needs to go practice the guitar. Next time, I'll have her audition for "The Voice." ♪ Papa, don't preach ♪ You shouldn't be nervous at all. You're a natural, and that's what they'll see. We made it! Come on! Yes! Surprise! We love you. I miss you. I wish you luck. We're so proud of you. We know you're gonna crush it. Thank you. Best of luck. I love you. Thank you. Love you. My dad and I have been doing music for as long as I can remember. ♪ Shadows are falling ♪ Come on, hey. ♪ And I'm running out of breath ♪ The dads reign this year. Dads are showing up. Both of you, take a bow. ♪ Doesn't mean I love you any less ♪ There you go. I'm just along for the ride. ♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪ It's okay. It's so nice when a dad can be graceful. That was a dad. Thanks for being here. You're welcome. And I'm glad I didn't have to miss it. ♪ Sha‐na‐na‐na, na‐na‐na‐na‐na ♪ How are you? Hi. Well. ♪ Keep me in your heart for a while ♪ Welcome to the show. Thank you. Tell us who you are, where you're from. I'm DJ Johnson. I'm 18 years old. And I'm from Longview, Texas. Tell us a little bit of your story. Tell about growing up. Well, I'm one of 10. One of 10? Yes, sir. I'm number six. Whew. We're all musically inclined. We all get it from my dad. And he was a worship leader. Right. Okay. And so, me and him used to sing together up until last year. Um... Uh... Our mom left last year. I mean, just, like, one day, she just, you know, walked out. ♪ I'm a long way from home ♪ Growing up, I did want a relationship with my mom. I just remember wanting her to be there. And she wasn't. The way she would say things ‐‐ "You're not good enough. Try to be somebody else." I would sing, and then she made it sound like I wasn't good enough to go anywhere. Just always made me feel worthless. The hardest part was I believed her, everything that she said about me. I started hating music and even myself, and I would try to give up. ♪ I keep telling myself that I'm better alone ♪ When my mom left, you know, it felt like a relief, and I was like, "Oh, I can do music and not have to worry about anything that she said." ♪ When my father will carry me ♪ My dad has been there, and he helps me with that all the time. So, how are you feeling about today? Very nervous and excited. I'm very proud of my daughter. I'm so thankful that she decided to do this. You're my hero. Thank you. She's overcoming her fears. She's a strong young woman, and we're all proud of her. Today, I'm singing an original song. It's called "Scars." It's a new thing, coming out and sharing my story... ...all the pain and everything. Um... It's hard, and that's why I'm trying to push myself out there. ♪♪ ♪ Mm ♪ ♪ Mm ♪ ♪ You didn't care when you walked out that door ♪ ♪ Looking back, you never loved anyone but yourself ♪ ♪ How could I have been so blind? ♪ ♪ We all see through you ♪ ♪ And your lies ♪ ♪ How could a mother be okay ♪ ♪ Leaving scars on her children? ♪ ♪ How could a woman be okay ♪ ♪ Leaving her husband heartbroken? ♪ ♪ How can you be okay ♪ ♪ Causing us more ♪ I'm sorry. Okay, take your time. ♪♪ Alright. ♪♪ You're gonna be okay. Alright? You're gonna be okay. Thank you. You got it. Take your time. I know it's heavy. ♪♪ It's okay. ♪♪ You're gonna be okay. Alright? You're gonna be okay. Thank you. You got it. Take your time. I know it's heavy. What I want for her is for her dream to come true, but if this is a no, whatever wisdom is given by the judges, she needs to take that and work on that. ♪♪ You want your dad to come in, babe? It's okay? Yeah. Have Dad come in. What's his name? Don. Don. Come on in, Don. It's alright. We just need you for moral support. Okay. Okay? The bottom line is we want to go over there and hug her, but we're not allowed to. Yeah, why don't you give her a big hug, first and foremost? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think she needs that. What's wrong? What's wrong? That's from all of us. Huh? DJ: I broke down. Okay. That's from all of us. It's okay, baby. It's okay, baby girl. You got it. You got it, okay? ♪♪ Nothing like Daddy's hug. Alright, Dad's right there with you, okay? Do you want to do a different song? Um... No, I like that song. I think that song is good. I mean, that song is amazing, but ‐‐ I think she needs to finish that song. Alright. Alright. ♪ How could a mother be okay ♪ ♪ Leaving scars on her children? ♪ ♪ How could a woman be okay ♪ ♪ Leaving her husband heartbroken? ♪ ♪ How can you be okay ♪ ♪ Causing us more grief and pain? ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ Geez. ♪ I've heard that time heals all wounds ♪ ♪ Well, I'm losing patience, and I'm confused ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ Oh, I'm tired of this pain ♪ ♪ That keeps bringing up your name ♪ ♪♪ ♪ How could a mother be okay ♪ ♪ Leaving scars on her children? ♪ ♪♪ Phew. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Come back to center stage right there. I'm going to tell you something, okay? We have a journey always in life. We don't choose it. It just ‐‐ Things happen. Your dad, thank God, is your rock. We found that out, Don. Something coming undone in the family is the most traumatic thing you will ever experience in your life. That message in that song is a hit record. Your delivery was completely honest, to the point of you got us crying up here, okay? Please look at it as just a step forward. It's going to be okay. I've given you my magic handkerchief. Yeah, that's true. You understand me? That is it. There are a lot of people that are watching you tonight that are going to relate exactly to your story. Thank you. The key to any musical journey is to be able to tell your emotions and be able to deliver it. I mean, when you're singing that song, just before you broke down, I told myself, "I don't know how she's doing this." Exactly right. And just be happy you have an outlet to let the pressure go. You're very, very talented. You're very, very special. And I'm glad you're with us. Some of the greatest artists have become artists because they have had the most pain in their life. ♪♪ It's about if you can take that pain and turn it into a purpose. You give hope to so many people. So keep being brave. ♪ Sometimes your life feels like a broken roller coaster ♪ Thank you. Let's vote, you guys. Luke? Yes. ♪ Look up ♪ ♪ Do you see the sunlight? ♪ Yes. ♪ Look up ♪ Don, would you do me a favor? Would you join your daughter, please? 'Cause once I give my vote, she's going to need a hug. And we can't do it. ♪ Don't let it bring you to your knees ♪ Young lady... ♪ Look up ♪ ...it's a yes. ♪ Look up ♪ I'm so proud of you. Oh, my God. I got it. Yeah, I'm speechless. I'm very, very proud of her. I knew she could do it. She didn't believe in herself, but I knew she had it in her. ♪ Do you see the sunlight? ♪ Mm! I am so proud of you. ♪ There's flowers in your hair ♪ Phew. Wow. Intense. Dad. Whoo! You got it! I know! Good job, good job! Good job! ♪♪ Where are you going? Where are you going? Oh, my God. Wait, wait. Okay. What are you doing? What are you doing? Moo. Oh, my God. What are you ‐‐ What ‐‐ Katy, Katy, what ‐‐ Luke? What? Katy, what are you doing? What do you guys do late at night for fun? Cow tipping! Moo. What are you doing? Moo. What do you doing? Oh, my God. We're cow tipping. Okay. I'm sorry. We're tired. It's late. And I'm cow tipping. You can't unsee that. I'm so sorry. You know what? I should have let Lionel do his first cow tipping. Yeah, I should. Hello. Hello. Hello. What's your name? I am Nia Renée. Nia Renée, how young are you? Nia. I am 17 years old, and I am from Little Rock, Arkansas. And to be here is the biggest thing ever. And to see y'all ‐‐ this is huge! Like, I love all of y'all. So you had all these visions of what it would be like to see us in person for the first time, and you walk in on... Cow tipping... cow tipping. Well, you know... We are so sorry. That first impression may not ever be the same. It's been a long day. Let's get this show on the road. I'm just ‐‐ Look here. Watch this. Let's go! Okay? Okay. Give it to me. Come on. ♪♪ ♪ For five long years ♪ Whoo! ♪ I thought you were my man ♪ ♪ But I found out ♪ ♪ I'm just a link in your chain ♪ Yes, you are. ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ You got me where you want me ♪ ♪ I ain't nothin' but your fool ♪ ♪ Ya treated me mean ♪ ♪ Oh, you treated me cruel ♪ ♪ Chain, chain, chain ♪ ♪ Chain of fools ♪ ♪ Every chain ♪ ♪ Has got a weak link ♪ ♪ Mm ♪ ♪ I might be weak, yeah ♪ ♪ But I'll give you strength ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ♪ You told me to leave you alone ♪ ♪ My father said, "Come on home" ♪ ♪ My doctor said, "Take it easy" ♪ ♪ Oh, but your lovin' is much too strong ♪ ♪ I'm headed to your chain, chain, chain ♪ ♪ Chain of fools ♪ Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. That's called ‐‐ I'm gonna steal a line from Lionel Richie. Please. Let me see how many syllables ‐‐ bar‐be‐cue sauce. Four syllables. Barbecue sauce. Barbecue sauce. Born to do it. Natural. You're 17 years old? Oh! Please. How long you been singing? Well, I started singing when I was 18 months. And ever since then, I've been singing in church and at school and anywhere I can try to sing. You got a power in your hands in your voice. I think we should take a vote. ♪ Made it through the storm and the rain ♪ Yes, Queen of Soul. Yes. Yes, it is. Yes, it is. Yes, it is. You're going to Hollywood! Whoo! Mama! There's Mama! Hug your child. Hug your child. Mama! Oh, there it is. Oh, my goodness! This is awesome! This is magical. Wow! Y'all, she may be our best soul singer ever. Ever, ever, ever. We've never had anything like that. Whoo! Hollywood! Hollywood! Hollywood! I am so proud of you. Aw, thanks, Mom. ♪ Hey, hey, hey ♪ It's so amazingly amazing. I disagree. ♪ Hit me with your best shot ♪ ♪ Ohh, ooh ♪ He's got the hair, he's got the voice, he's got the boots. So all of those pitch problems, you just didn't really seem to hear that. Oh, please, pitch? You know what? It's a no. It's a yes! It is a no. It's a yes for me, okay? No. ♪ Ahh ♪ Your voice started shaking, and notes started missing. Personally, I don't know what Lionel's talking about down there. It's not time yet. Wrong. Daisy Dove, where are you pooping? So help me God. My name is Keith Trump. Ohh! Yep. Trump? Really? Yes, that is my real last name. ♪ Walk in your rainbow paradise ♪ ♪ Paradise ♪ ♪ I‐I‐I'd walk through fire for you ♪ ♪ Just let me adore you ♪ ♪ Like it's the only thing I'll ever do ♪ ♪ Whoa ♪ Keith, Trumpster, the old Trumper... ♪ Hit me with your best shot ♪ The old Trumpadee, the Trumpaloo, the Trumpity‐Trump‐‐ Got it! We got it. We got it. Thank you for coming in. I'm a no for "American Idol." Thank you. Thank you so much. Thanks, Keith. Hey, guys. I'm here at "American Idol" ‐‐ confessional! I have my audition soon. Stay tuned for that. Very, very nervous but very excited. Katy's drinking her Grinch juice. Luke. Luke. Hi! Yeah. Hi. Hi. Are you okay? No. No? No. But, yes, I'm so good. Yes and no. Yeah. What am I missing? I'm Claudia Conway. I'm 16. My parents are high‐profile political figures. My mother is Kellyanne Conway. She worked for Donald Trump. And my dad is George Conway. He's a lawyer. He worked against Donald Trump. He's here with me, though. Wow. Wow! It's a lot, but, you know, I only want to spread love, and I love a compromise. And I do agree to disagree with my mom and my dad. Hey, guys, so you probably know me as 15‐year‐old Emancipation Girl or that blond woman from Fox News' daughter. I'm a little more than that. Come. I had to move to Washington, D. C., when I was 12, and I hated it. When your mom's working for the President of the United States, who you very much disagree with, it's really hard. And I love you back. Claudia! You getting ready to go, baby? You excited? Yeah, but I'm really, really nervous. You should be nervous, honey. It's a very humbling experience. Do you know how many people like you, when you were a little girl till now, dream of even having the opportunity to audition for "American Idol"? This is your time to shine. But, remember, honey, winners are people who are willing to lose. With your mom being the figure that she is, do you still, like ‐‐ Does she still hug you? I mean, yeah, she loves me. I love her. It's just, I feel like our relationship's a little ‐‐ it's a little iffy. Most of my life, my feelings had been suppressed. Yeah. So then I got social media, and I was like, "Well, yeah, now my voice is being heard," you know? I believe that age actually has nothing to do with the willingness to learn and educate yourself. Okay, guys, I'm actually getting off this app now. I love you all, stay safe, and take care of your well‐being. The Internet can be a very, very dark place, but when life is all going downhill, I have my music. ♪♪ Now, I kind of want to get out of the controversy, get out of the drama, get out of the political whatever, and let people know that, you know, I am a singer and that this is what I want to do. You're gonna do great. Thank you, Dad. She loves music, and I'm really thrilled that she's here because, you know, maybe this gives her an opportunity to pursue it at another level. So it makes me happy to see her here doing this one way or the other. So... Well, what are you going to share with us today? I'll be singing my take of "Love on the Brain" by Rihanna. Love is the answer. It is. ♪ And you got me like oh ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ What you want from me? ♪ ♪ And I tried to buy your pretty heart ♪ ♪ The price too high ♪ ♪ Baby, you got me like oh‐oh‐oh‐oh‐oh ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ Okay, stop. Alright, that song, you lost it. I did, yeah. You did. I was just a little nervous, and my shoes are a little ‐‐ That's okay. Take your shoes off. - So, what other song do you have? - There you go. "When We Were Young" by Adele. Okay, when you sing this next song, think about when you were young and go back to that time, and there's a sadness there. Mm‐hmm. It's like you lost your youth because you weren't able to experience it on your own without all of this noise. ♪ Pain cuts you deep ♪ Your dad's your dad, your mom's your mom. Who is Claudia? ♪♪ You have to calm the storm that is around you, 'cause if you sing like you want to read the social media comments afterwards, you're only ever going to be a TikTok star. Yeah. We want an American Idol. ♪ Baby, you got me like oh‐oh‐oh‐oh‐oh ♪ Okay, stop. What other song do you have? "When We Were Young" by Adele. Okay, when you sing this next song, think about when you were young, and there's a sadness there. Mm‐hmm. It's like you lost your youth because you weren't able to experience it on your own without all of this noise. So let's deliver "When We Were Young" a little bit. ♪♪ ♪ Everybody loves the things you do ♪ ♪ From the way you talk ♪ ♪ To the way you move ♪ Yes. ♪ And everybody here is watching you ♪ ♪ 'Cause you feel like home ♪ ♪ You're like a dream come true ♪ You know, I couldn't imagine anything that would make her happier than to do this. So, you know. It gets to you. ♪ Before I go ♪ ♪ 'Cause I've been by myself all night long ♪ ♪ Hoping you're someone I used to know, oh ♪ ♪ You look like a movie ♪ ♪ You sound like a song ♪ ♪ My God, this reminds me ♪ ♪ Of when we were young ♪ ♪ Let me photograph you in this light ♪ ♪ In case it is the last time that we might ♪ ♪ Be exactly like we were before we realized ♪ ♪ We were scared of getting old ♪ ♪ It made us restless ♪ Yes. Yeah, very good. ♪ It was just like a movie ♪ ♪ It was just like a song ♪ ♪ When we were young ♪ You've obviously been through a lot as a young girl, and you've obviously been in the spotlight. And you know what? You're singing like a 16‐year‐old, which is great. Now, on the Adele song, when you first started, you were really selling emotions really, really well. Yes. Mm‐hmm. But then there's some things that you're limited a little bit by your range. The second song was much better... Yeah. ...because you showed where you could actually take coaching, understand that the fear factor just left you a minute, and some qualities of your voice came through that I was really impressed with. Now, is it going to be challenging for the rest of the contestants we have on the show? I don't know. There's a lot of noise in your life. You have to calm the storm that is around you, meaning, before you sing, you need to get off your phone. You need to stop reading your comments... Yeah. ...push it aside, 'cause if not, you may not ever rise above your dad or your mom. It's your choice. Let's take a vote. ♪♪ I think you're a little ways away on the singing aspect, but for right now, I'm a no. I can get behind you. I'm a yes. Thank you. I think what you're doing right now is stepping forward and announcing who you are. Mm. You chose music. I want to give you a shot at music. It's a yes for me. Thank you. Okay? Well, now here comes Dad. I want you to know that your daughter ‐‐ I give her giant props. I do, too. Claudia, not going to D. C., honey. You're going straight to Hollywood. Thank you! ♪ They're playing my song ♪ ♪ I know I'm gonna be okay ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ Congrats, Claudia. ♪ It's a party in the U. S. A. ♪ We're going to Hollywood! It's wild, like, she's coming in here with so much heat on her. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think if she can keep that heat off, quiet all the noise, and remember the innocence and the love in her voice, I think there's something there. I made it. I'm going to Hollywood. Whoo! What?! Yes! ♪ Hollywood, you're going to Hollywood ♪ I'm so proud of you. We love you so much, sweetheart. We're really proud of you. Love you. Mm. I love you. Mwah. She's definitely a scrapper. I want to see her scrap. Let's see her scrap on "American Idol." Let's go! Bam! God, I love this job. Now that Claudia has a golden ticket, she'll be joining us at Hollywood Week... Hi. Hey, Claudia. How are you? ...where she'll receive guidance from Bobby Bones. He'll be lending his expertise to help Claudia and our other Hollywood Week competitors succeed. ♪ No matter where you are, I'll be there ♪ But to get a chance to work with Bobby, they must first show their... stuff to the judges. I've been writing music all my life, but I was so afraid to put it out. Getting a golden ticket today would make me believe in people not judging me for my looks, but actually seeing my talent. I know that when I walk in and the judges see me, of course, they're gonna be a little thrown off by my appearance. Holy, holy. But I want them to not look at my body. I want them to be blown away by my voice. I know a lot of Americans are kind of like ‐‐ they do this, what you're doing right now. But I got to say, in Europe, it's a lot more normal. You know, we're a lot more, like, open about Speedos and stuff, you know? ♪♪ ♪ I came to the USA with a big dream and a Speedo ♪ ♪ I was modeling for Fashion Week ♪ ♪ Only to stroke my ego ♪ ♪ But I just want to sing because it is my dre‐e‐am ♪ ♪ I'll do whatever it takes with a smile ♪ ♪ To be American Idol ♪ ♪ It's not about money ♪ ♪ I'm just tired of walking the runway ♪ ♪ I don't want to be objectified ♪ ♪ Music gets me electrified ♪ ♪ Yeah, people think I only have a six‐pack, zero talent ♪ ♪ Just a really nice ♪ ♪ People look at my butt ♪ ♪ I'm a singer now, so keep your eyes shut ♪ Yes! ♪ People like me for my underwear ♪ ♪ Never see my talent, this isn't fair ♪ ♪ Yeah, I'm still wearing underwear ♪ ♪ But I'm a singer now, so I don't care ♪ ♪ Look at me, pec, bounce ♪ ♪♪ Wait, there's more coming. There's one more. There's more. Luke, does he make you nervous? Honestly, I think you'd look great in a Speedo, as well. Man, I'm lacking a little bit in the frontal area to do that. No? No? I'm all about body positivity. There's nothing to be ashamed of. You know what I'm saying? Before you make your decision, I think it would also be a statement, you know? This goes out to all the models out there who think they cannot be more than just models. You know what I'm saying? Well, maybe we can have a walk‐off to decide. A walk‐off? Oh, you know what a walk‐off is. - You mean me and you? - You and I. Like a battle? Yeah, like a catwalk battle. I'm going to destroy you, but I'm down to do it, you know? Oh! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Wow, wow, wow! Mamma Lucia! Okay. ♪ I'm too sexy for my love ♪ ♪ Too sexy for my love ♪ ♪ Love's going to leave me ♪ ♪♪ Oh! ♪ I'm too sexy for my shirt ♪ ♪ Too sexy for my shirt ♪ ♪ So sexy it hurts ♪ We love you, Luke! We love you! ♪ And I'm too sexy for your party ♪ ♪ No way I'm disco dancing ♪ Lionel Richie! ♪ I'm a model, you know what I mean ♪ ♪ And I do my little turn on the catwalk, yeah ♪ ♪ I shake my little tush on the catwalk ♪ ♪ I'm too sexy for this song ♪ This modeling is hard work. I'm out of breath. Alright, alright, alright. Listen, I don't care if you look like Harry Styles, you don't sound like Harry Styles. Let's just be honest. Okay. If you were to hit us some notes, I'm telling you right now, you could take over the world in 15 seconds. If that voice was coming out and we're going, "Holy crap!" Mm. And by the way, Speedos would be in that fast. Yeah. But it's going to be a no for me this trip around, okay? Okay, appreciate it. Because I want you to go practice and get it together. Yeah. Alright. Katy? Who won that walk off, by the way? Did I? Did I? I think you did, and I think you're still winning. And I think you should still model because you're so much fun. Yeah, you are fun. It's a no for "American Idol," but it's a yes for life! Wow. I mean, that's worth more than anything. I love that. It is. It is. It's a no for "Idol," but yes to plum smuggling. Plum ‐‐ Plum smuggling. - Okay. Mario, thank you. - Okay. Thanks, guys. See you around. I'm still going to Hollywood. I live there, by the way, so... There we go. Yeah, cheers. There we go. We love you, man. Thanks. Bye‐bye. Just understand that your dad is very, very proud of you right now. ♪ Feel ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. This is the first time in four years that just someone singing made me cry. ♪♪ Alright! Hi. The last beautiful child of the day, Hi. This feels so weird. I don't feel like this is real right now. Guess what. Take a breath. It is real. Take a breath. Crazy stuff. Alright, tell us who you are. My name is Grace Kinstler. I'm originally from Chicago, but I go to school in Boston. Do you? Yes. Uh‐huh, Boston, huh? And how young are you? I just turned 20 in August. Who have been some of your biggest supporters in your music journey? My biggest supporter was definitely my dad. He passed away last February very unexpectedly. Oh. So that was really hard. I know that he would be here right now with me if he were still here, so I'm going to do this for him today, and, hopefully, it goes good. Well, we're sorry to hear about that. Thank you. Growing up, my dad was definitely like my main cheerleader. If you go into our den, like, there's piles of, like, my dance recitals, my music recitals. He wanted to be around us all the time because he just ‐‐ he loved his family. ♪♪ I used to watch "American Idol" with my dad a lot and my mom, and, like, I always imagined, if I go, like, he would be there. But last February, I was at school. My brother called me at like 7:00‐something in the morning, and he was like, "You should look for flights home. They just took Dad to the hospital... and he's not breathing." Um, it was very unexpected. Um. Sorry. I'm sorry. ♪ I think I'm lost without you ♪ Sorry. ♪ 'Cause I've been strong for so long ♪ ♪ That I never thought how much I needed you ♪ This necklace, it's actually his. It's a Leo. He was a Leo, and I'm a Leo. I know that, if he was still alive, he would be here right now, so I have this with me, 'cause then he's here, too. I feel like he's listening to us through that necklace. I know. I feel like he's here. I feel like he's always chirping over my shoulder. Yeah, he's representing. Like, "Go get 'em." His passing, has it given you a different kind of inspiration for what you do now, musically? I think him not being here has kind of taught me live every moment as if, like, it's your last. So take every chance, every opportunity, because you never know what chance you might get because of it. I have a habit of getting nervous to the point of, like, where I've literally thrown auditions because, like, my breath just stops working and I hyperventilate. But I just keep thinking about how much he believed in me and trying to, like, believe that much in myself. ♪ I've been strong for so long ♪ I think he would be heartbroken if I just gave up because I got sad, so this is, like ‐‐ it's hard, but it's also extra motivation for me to keep going. What are you going to sing today? I'm singing "Midnight Train to Georgia." Put us on that midnight train to Georgia. You got it. ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪ He kept dreamin' ♪ ♪ Ooh, that someday he'd be a star ♪ ♪ Yes, he did ♪ ♪ But he sure found out the hard way ♪ ♪ That dreams don't always come true ♪ ♪ Oh, no ♪ ♪ So he pawned all his hopes ♪ ♪ And he even sold his old car ♪ ♪ Bought a one‐way ticket back ♪ ♪ To the life he once knew ♪ ♪ Oh, yes, he did ♪ ♪ He said he would ♪ ♪ Oh, he's leavin' ♪ ♪ On that midnight train to Georgia ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Mm, yeah ♪ ♪ Said he's goin' back to find ♪ ♪ Oh, a simpler place and time ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ And I'll be with him ♪ ♪ On that midnight train to Georgia, yeah ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ ♪ I'd rather live in his world ♪ ♪ Than live without him ♪ ♪ In mine ♪ ♪♪ Grace. What a voice. Thanks. What would be your second song? I have "Natural Woman" by Aretha Franklin. Can I just give a little critique? Go ahead. You're going to sing "Natural Woman"? Yes, ma'am. - So, the legend that is Carole King wrote it. - Yes. The legend that is Aretha Franklin sang it. You need to sing it like the legend you want to be. Okay? Tall order. Don't just phone it in. Make me feel it. Absolutely. Sing "Natural Woman" to me like I have never heard the song before. You got it. ♪♪ ♪ Looking out on the morning rain ♪ ♪ I used to feel so uninspired ♪ ♪♪ ♪ And when I knew I had to face another day ♪ ♪ Lord, it made me feel so tired ♪ ♪ Before the day I met you ♪ ♪ My life was so unkind ♪ ♪ But you're the key to my peace of mind ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ You make me feel like a natural woman ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Oh, baby, what you've done to me ♪ ♪ You make me feel so good inside ♪ ♪ And I just want to be, oh ♪ ♪ Close to you, you make me feel so alive ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ You make me feel ♪ ♪ You make me feel like a natural woman ♪ ♪ Woman ♪ ♪♪ Whoo! That's pretty damn good. That was pretty good. Okay? Oh, my goodness. Congratulations. Oh, my goodness. Whoo, man. I think my milk came in. Katy. You actually have control of that amazing instrument. Thank you. You know, I get brought to tears by stories and backgrounds of what people have been through in their struggles. But this is the first time in four years that just someone singing made me cry, and... Crushed it, right? I mean, crushed it. Yes. So just understand that your dad is very, very proud of you right now. Okay? Thank you. And what a lot to be proud of. Wow. ♪ You gave all that sweat and blood ♪ Yeah. I mean, there's not a whole lot of critiquing that I need to do... I was gonna say. ...because I got a full wave of chills, full‐body chills twice. That's music. That's true magic. That's got to be right up there with the Kelly Clarkson audition... Oh, no. ...the Jennifer Hudson audition. No, we're coming. We're coming. So... Thank you. Okay? ♪ You got it in you ♪ Grace, yes, Grace. Yes, Grace. Yes, Grace. Thank you so much. You're going to Hollywood! Yay! Hey, I'm getting... There it is right there. I'm gonna hug you like ‐‐ I need a tape measure for six feet with you. That's our six foot. No, at this spot. There you go. Alright. Whoo! Grace. Man! Wow. Do me a favor. Go pick your ticket up. What are we doing? That's right. Come on. Thank you. Thank you. Have a great day. Hi. I got a ticket. Whoo! Ooh, I almost cried, but I didn't. I stopped myself. That was badass. That was badass. Whoo! That was amazing. That's what that was. That was amazing. Okay? I loved that. I definitely feel like I made my dad proud. I felt him when I was in there, and that really helped me feel like he was here and, like, I could do it, and I did. So he would be really happy. ♪ You should know what you got ♪ ♪ 'Cause you got it at your fingertips ♪ You know, everybody here, we are so sorry for what your family has dealt with and the loss of your husband. You're in our prayers. And, listen, this is my fourth year of doing this, and it's the first time someone has made me cry while they were singing. Yes! Yes! Y'all see your girl? We feel like she's up there with some of the biggest voices in the history of "Idol," and we're so excited to have her in the family, so good job. Thank you so much. We wish we were there, too, honey. Us, too. Yeah, I wish Dad was here, but I love you all very much. We love you, too, Grace. We love you, too. Bye! I love you! Bye! ♪♪ ♪ You got it in you ♪ ♪ Ah ♪ Next Sunday... Are you with me?! Victory at Valhalla! ...we pick up the pace... It's on! Come on! ...to find the most incredible talent... You're an undeniable star. ...from all across the country, discovering amazing voices... I think she's the damn winner. ...and revealing powerful journeys... I don't see myself being anything but a singer, you know? ...that tell your American story. I love it. Yeah! Good night, everybody. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 