American Idol: Season 18, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 American Idol 
 s18e2 - 302 (Auditions) - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 American Idol (2002–…): Season 18, Episode 2 - 302 (Auditions) - full transcript 
 Aspiring singers from Savannah, Ga., Milwaukee, Washington, D.C., Los Angeles and Sunriver, Ore. perform in hopes of earning a ticket to Hollywood. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪ Katy: Alright, hello, Savannah. I love this city. Me too. You know, this is the place where they shot the movie "Forrest Gump." Isn't that Luke's favorite movie? It was like watching my favorite movie. It was like the first time I saw "Forrest Gump." [ Echoing ] "Forrest Gump," "Forrest Gump," "Forrest Gump." [ Soft music plays ] ♪♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Luke: Mama always said, "Auditions are like a box of chocolates. Ya never know what you're gonna get." ♪♪ Caramel. That's what I'm talkin' about. You're definitely going to Hollywood. ♪♪ Nougat? Not quite what I'm lookin' for. Thanks for comin' out. It's gonna be a no. ♪♪ [ Siren wails in distance ] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Is he gonna sit there all day? Don't worry, I got it figured out. ♪♪ ♪♪ This is gonna take forever! Run, Luke! Run! You're going to Hollywood. You're definitely going to Hollywood. Coconut? No. [ "I'm On My Way" plays ] ♪ I'm watchin' from my window ♪ ♪ The curtain comin' down ♪ ♪ A blue as black as morning ♪ ♪ A silence like a sound ♪ Luke: I can't help but see myself in a lot of these young kids in the audition process ‐‐ very, very raw. ♪ That bird so high above the fray ♪ ♪ What should he mean to me? ♪ Man: I feel a little underprepared, but I think I'm gonna do pretty well. ♪ I don't know where I'm going ♪ Luke: It's just such a great format to push kids out of the nest and really move the needle with music. ♪ Lord, if you love me ♪ ♪ Keep me, I pray ♪ Man: Dear Lord, we just thank you for this day. We thank you for Cyniah, and we ask that all nervousness will be dismissed at this time, O God. And all the contestants, even, God. We pray for everybody that's performing, God. But we ask a special blessing upon Cyniah. ‐Amen. ‐Amen. [ Applause ] Ryan: Well, done. I like it. "We pray for everybody, but a little more for you." [ Laughter ] "God, if you're listening, just..." [ Laughter ] Well, here we go. ♪ Ooh‐ooh‐ooh‐ooh ooh ooh ♪ Hi! Hey. Luke: Hello. Katy: Hello. Hi. Love the elephant bells. Thank you. Katy: Yes. God, I had a pair like that. [ Chuckles ] Whew. Katy: What's your name? Cyniah Elise. Well, where are you from, and how young are you? Well, I'm 17 years old, and I'm from Atlanta, Georgia. Lionel: Wow. Yes, ATL. Hey, come on. 17? Wow. [ Chuckles ] Katy: Ready to take on the world, I hope. I am. Okay, so, of all the places that you could make it, why did you choose "American Idol"? I've been watching "American Idol" since I was, like, [Chuckling] right here. And so I'm finally old enough. I also had one of my videos to go viral. ‐Really? ‐Yes. It reached 4 million people. So I was like, "Why not the world?" What video went viral? Well, I come from a singing family, so we all were standing around the piano on Thanksgiving. [ Electronic piano plays ] Katy: What song was it? Cyniah: "Change Me, O God." ♪ Cha‐a‐a‐nge me ♪ Katy: Oh, wow. So, it was a gospel song. Yes. And my cousin just posted it on his Facebook. We didn't expect nothing from it, but, next thing you know, it just blew up ‐‐ 4 million. [ Laughter ] You woke up the next morning, and you were like, "What?!" I was shook, I was shook. I was shook. [ Laughter ] Wow. That's awesome. Congratulations. Thank you. What are you gonna sing today? "You Are The Reason" by Calum Scott. Awesome. Go ahead. ♪♪ Oh, shh, shh. ♪♪ ♪ There goes my heart beating ♪ ♪ And you are the reason ♪ ♪♪ ♪ I'm losing my sleep ♪ ♪ Please come back now ♪ ♪ I'd climb every mountain ♪ ♪ Swim every ocean ♪ Come on, now. ♪ Just to be with you ♪ ♪ And fix what I've broken ♪ ♪ 'Cause I need you ♪ ♪ To see ♪ ♪ That you are the reaso‐o‐o‐n ♪ Ah. ♪ I need you to hold me tonight, yeah ♪ Sing it, girl. ♪ I don't wanna fall ♪ ♪ I need you to hold me toni‐i‐ght ♪ ♪ 'Cause I need you ♪ ♪ To see ♪ ♪ That you are the reason ♪ Oh, my God. [ Applause ] Thank you. Love that. Thank you. Hallelujah. ‐[ Chuckles ] ‐Hallelujah. Finally, the Lord has blessed us. You know what? We are so happy to see you. Lord. I'm happy to see y'all. Do you understand ‐‐ What we have to listen to, to get to you? [ Laughs ] Oh. Well, I want to tell you, that was an excellent performance. Thank you. You remind me very much of watching the phenomenon of Whitney when she first came up. Wow. You just have such control and mastery of your voice, it was almost effortless. Thank you. Katy: Luke? It's just natural for you. I mean, we ‐‐ I see why you got 4 million views, you know, at the snap of a finger. But really just tastefully done from "A" to "Z." Thank you. [ Chuckles ] Let's open the door and watch. Katy: Um, Cyniah, when you went up those levels, like, little bit by bit... Yes. Katy: ...it was so wonderful... Thank you. Katy: ...because when you thought maybe you would stop, you just went one notch higher. And it makes people's heart open when you go there, you know? You know, here's the thing ‐‐ you're 17, you sing gospel songs. It's amazing. I have some of the same history. It's gonna be about developing who you are as an artist, and not just as a phenomenal singer. Let's take a vote. Alright. ♪ Think about it ♪ Go ahead. Oh, I voted when she first opened her mouth. [ Laughs ] I voted right away. That was a clear yes. Mom's losing it over here. Wait, wait, wait, now. ♪ Without it ♪ I'm gonna say yes. ♪ Life is wasted time ♪ Hey, hey! Yes. All: You're going to Hollywood! ♪ Look inside your heart ♪ [ All cheering ] ♪ And I'll look inside mine ♪ ♪ Things look so bad everywhere ♪ Thank you, thank you, thank you! ♪ In this whole world, what is fair? ♪ Come get this right here! ♪ We walk the line and try to see ♪ [ Cheering continues ] How are you? How are you? ♪ Fallin' behind ♪ Now, how many singers are in the family? ‐The whole family. ‐The whole family. Congratulations. You got her. And now we know what season 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 is gonna be... Laughter ] ...'cause I want ‐‐ I want the rest of the family to come back, one by one, alright? ‐Yes. ‐Fabulous. Amazing. Congratulations. [ Cheers ] Bye, y'all. Congratulations. Bye, y'all. Bye. [ All cheering ] Oh, my God. What a voice. ♪ Bring me a higher love ♪ ♪ Bring me a higher love ♪ Ryan: Over the next two hours, stay with us for the audition experience that only "Idol" can deliver. I saw your whole life... Lionel: Mm‐hmm. ...in that performance. I like you! ♪ It's that higher love ♪ [ Laughter ] [ Vocalizing high note ] [ Alarm blaring ] Everyone, get up as quickly as possible. ♪ Bring me ♪ [ All squealing ] You officially brought the barbecue sauce. Oh! This train's gettin' rollin'. Let's go sing in the streets right now. Don't go away. "Idol" returns in 60 seconds. ♪♪ Kay Genyse, you're a star. No, you're the star. Yes, yes, yes, I love that, love that. [ Snapping fingers ] Listen to me, girl, you got this. You're giving me cheetah print, you're giving me gold, you're giving me life! Honey, give me life! When it comes time to sing, focus on that song. Make that your thing, right there. Mm‐hmm. 'Cause you got a lot going on. Yeah. Don't let all this... Cloud my head. ...get in the way of this. You go in, you be you. ♪♪ Well, hello, everybody! Lionel: Okay! Luke: There's our caffeine. Here we go. There we go. Hello, everyone. [ Chuckles ] My name is Kay Genyse, and I am 19 years old and I am from High Point, North Carolina. And you're here to... Win...sing...perform... and give you the life. Wow. Hallelujah. Bring it to the table, sister. [ Jewelry jingling ] Honestly... Whew. ...look, people think they can just come in here and sing good and get through. [ Sighing ] Oh. We need some dang personality. Tell me a little bit about your story. Why do you think you're the next American Idol? Well, I was working at Food Lion, and this girl sent me a D. M. and she goes, "You should try out for 'American Idol.'" So, then, two days later, I ended up getting this fortune cookie, and it had, like, a little fortune in it. And I put the fortune cookie in my hair. Don't you tell me... Oh, my goodness. Yes, she did. What did she do? Listen, we be hiding things everywhere. I know about that. What did she just do? You ain't got a $20 up in there, do ya? Okay. [ Chuckles ] Her fortune cookie says, "Your talents will be recognized and rewarded." ‐Recognized? ‐Wow. What ‐‐ And soon... Rewarded. No way. God has a plan. Come on. He has a way. God is not a god of confusion. You're right. That's right. So, let's see, let's see. Okay. Well, alright. Luke: Alright. Don't let us down, Kay. Please make me believe in magic. ‐Okay. ‐What you gonna sing today? So, today I'm gonna be singing "Mercy" by Duffy. Cool. Go for it. Bring it to us. ♪♪ [ Snapping fingers ] Come on, now. ♪♪ ♪ Well, I love you ♪ ♪ But I gotta stay true ♪ ♪ I'm on my knees ♪ ♪ I'm begging, please ♪ ♪ Stop playing ga‐a‐mes ♪ ♪ I don't know what this is ♪ ♪ But you do it good ♪ ♪ Just like you knew you could ♪ ♪ I don't know what this is ♪ ♪ But you do it well ♪ ♪ I'm under your spell ♪ ♪ You got me beggin' you for mercy ♪ Come on! ♪ Why won't you release me? ♪ Hey, hey! ♪ You got me beggin' you for mercy ♪ ♪ Why won't you release me? ♪ ♪ I said, release me ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ I'm beggin' you ♪ Okay! Kay... [ Music stops ] Go grab your mark. Okay. I love your personality. I love the energy and the joy and the confidence that you bring. You're a little bit pitchy. I really want you to know that your showmanship is fantastic. But it's just that I'm not getting what you're trying to deliver. I can't get your voice to give me your showmanship. Luke: Yeah, Kay, I think you're, like, this bright, beautiful little shining light that deserves to be on stage, but I think the voice has to truly catch up with the ability to hold the room. I remember, I used to do all these antics because my voice hadn't gotten there, and now I've finally gotten comfortable where I can just sit up there and kind of sing a song, and that holds the room. And I think you're a few years from holding the room with your voice. Let's take a vote. Um... Please just give me a chance. All I need is just one chance. I learn so fast. [ Chuckles ] One chance. I will work on my diaphragm, my breathing. [ Both chuckle ] Y'all feel it. Y'all know it's there. I know it's there. I just need one shot. That's all I need. Kay, um, I'm forced to go with my gut. It's ‐‐ It's a no for me. Okay. Katy, are you gonna give me a shot, girl? Just one shot? I'll do a cartwheel. Girl, I know you'd do a cartwheel. Okay, you want to sing for your life? Yes. Katy: You want to ‐‐ You want to be the winner of "American Idol"? Yes. I will sing for my life. Katy: Will you do anything we say? ‐Yes. ‐Great. Let's go to the streets. ‐Okay. Let's go sing in the streets right now. Okay. If the people say "yes," you'll get a yes from me. And then you have to do whatever Papa Lionel says. Let's go. I don't know what we're doing, but we're doing it. Come on, you got to sing for your life. Katy, what are you getting us into? [ Soft elevator music plays ] You're so full of personality. I love it. Thank you. ‐Thanks, people. ‐Hi. Let's do this. Katy: Hey, over here! We need you. We need you guys. How are you? Great. Alright. ‐Hi. ‐Alright, we need you over here. We're gonna put you in the show. You've heard of the show "American Idol"? Nah. [ Laughter ] That was very good, that was very good. You've heard of Lionel Richie. You've heard of Luke Bryan. Where's Luke? I'm right here, Katy. Here's Luke, right behind you. You've never heard of this girl named Kay. Okay? You've never heard of her. We are on the fence about letting her go through to Hollywood, and we would like for you to tell us "yea" or "nay." Here we go. Listen. Kay's fate is in your hands. No pressure. Okay? ‐No pressure. ‐'Kay? ‐Alright, hold‐‐ ‐Sing for your life. ‐You get on this side. ‐Let's do it. Can everybody clap their hands for me? ‐Okay. Alright. ‐Oh. [ Rhythmic clapping ] ♪ Doom‐doom‐doom doom ♪ ♪ Doom‐doom‐doom doom ♪ ♪ I love you ♪ ♪ And I gotta stay true ♪ Lionel: Come on, now. ♪ And I'm on my knees ♪ ♪ I'm begging, please ♪ Hoh! ♪ Stop playing ga‐a‐a‐mes ♪ ♪ I don't know what this is, but you do it well ♪ ♪ I'm under your spell ♪ ‐Come on. ‐Whoo! ♪ You got me begging you for mercy ♪ ‐Let's sing it. Come on! ‐Whoo! ♪ Why won't you release me? ♪ Come on! ♪ You got me beggin' you for mercy ♪ Come on! ♪ Why won't you release me? ♪ ‐Whoo ‐Come on! ♪ I said, relea‐ea‐ea‐se me ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] Okay, so, all those that think she should go to the next level, to Hollywood, say, "Yeah!" All: Yeah! ‐Whoo! ‐Whoo! Okay, okay. Luke said no. I said, "I love it." I want her to go to Hollywood. [ Cheers and applause ] It's Katy's decision now. Listen, listen. I need you to bring it more with your voice when you go to Hollywood. ♪ I do my hair toss, check my nails ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] ♪ Baby, how you feelin'? ♪ ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ ♪ Hair toss, check my nails ♪ ♪ Baby, how you feelin'? ♪ ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ Wait, wait, wait. [ Cheers and applause ] ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ There you go. ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ ♪ Woo, girl, need to kick off your shoes ♪ Hey, anybody know of a good local happy hour anywhere? No, no, no, we have to go back to work. Yeah, we got to go back to work. We've got other people. We have other dreams to make or break. ‐Go to work, right. ‐That was perfect. I just sung my little heart out. When I said I'd sing for my life, I sung for my life. And then they gave me this. ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ ♪ Baby, how you feelin'? ♪ ♪ Feelin' good as hell ♪ I'm going to Hollywood. [ Laughs ] [ Chuckles ] You got to shake it up sometimes. Man, that was magical. I loved that. She was fighting for her right. She did, though. She did. Takin' it to the street. I love it. ♪ Takin' it to the street ♪ [ Vocalizing ] ♪ Takin' it to the street ♪ ♪ Takin' it to the street ♪ Welcome back to the "American Idol" tryouts. ♪ Well ♪ ♪ In ♪ ♪ Hey ♪ ♪ Don't you remember? ♪ You got to sing it with conviction. Let me just coach it up. Let me ‐‐ Let me kind of coach you up here. Let us kind of strip it down a little bit. Mm‐hmm. ♪ I'm beautiful in my way ♪ ‐Slow down. ‐Slow down? ♪ I'm beautiful in this way ♪ See how she sacrifices... ♪ I'm ♪ ...beauty in her face. ‐Mm‐hmm. ‐Wow. I think I still look good when I sing. Well, but you're ‐‐ You do. You look great. Anyway. Y‐you just got to rough up the edges a little bit. Bring us the attitude. Open your mouth more. Just pop a little more. Again. Sing exactly how you felt. Emote. Just pop. Let all that energy out. Do a couple jumping jacks. [ Up‐tempo symphonic music plays ] Stop thinking about it. You have a good voice. And now you're going to do it again. Yeah! Do it again, man. Again! On their quest to assemble the perfect squad, maybe the judges need to look... [ 2 Unlimited's "Get Ready for This" plays ] ...to the sidelines. My name is Kyle Tanguay. I'm 21 years old, and I'm from Rochester, New Hampshire. ♪ Y'all ready for this ♪ ♪♪ Currently, I'm a cheerleader with the Philadelphia Eagles. The entire Philadelphia Eagles cheerleading squad is here. All: Kyle, the next Idol! There are only a handful of male cheerleaders in the NFL right now. [ Whistle blows ] I'm the first to be dancing alongside the girls. So, clearly, you're a performer, but do you have much experience singing? No, I've actually never had a private vocal lesson in my life. So, what inspired you to take that first step, then, to come to "American Idol"? I think it was from making the Eagles. It really inspired me to step outside my comfort zone. [ Men grunting ] That team is my family. They're definitely my sisters, my ride‐or‐dies. And it's nice to have that support. Do you guys think he can be the next American Idol? All: Yes! [ Marching‐band drums play ] [ Whistle blows ] Tell us how you're feeling. I am excited, I'm nervous, I'm freaking out, but I'm happy that you guys are here. [ All cheer ] I've never had the chance to really sing out, so today is a big test for me, to see where this can go. [ Marching‐band drums play ] Lionel: Wait a minute. What? Wow! What, what, what? What? ♪♪ What? A lot of pom‐poms. [ Pom‐poms rustling ] That's like a sound machine. Can y'all do that, and I'll just go to sleep? ‐Hello. [ Chuckles ] ‐[ Laughs ] Hello. Who are you? Um, my name is Kyle Tanguay, and I am a huge fan of you, so... [ Laughs ] Oh, thanks. Are you a cheerleader? Kyle: Yeah. I actually auditioned for the squad this year and became one of the first male Eagles cheerleaders in the history of the organization. Oh, the Philadelphia Eagles! ‐Yes! ‐Okay, got it. [ Laughter ] Well, give us a little something. Yes!       Yes! Yes!                        Yes! Let's set the tone for him to win. Kyle: Yes! Yes!       Yes! Yes!                        Yes! 5, 6, 7, 8. All: Kyle, Kyle! The next American Idol! Kyle, Kyle... There you go. ...the next American Idol! [ Laughs ] Alright. Yeah! [ Applause ] Wow, Kyle. Thank you. Well, um, what happens if he doesn't go through? Are you gonna beat us up? What's happening? [ Laughter ] I feel like it's gonna ‐‐ They're gonna ‐‐ They're gonna pom‐pom us to death. [ Laughter ] "Attack of the Cheerleaders." [ Laughter ] Oh, my gosh. [ Imitating "Psycho" shower‐scene music ] I want to see that movie, "Attack of the Cheerleaders." [ Dramatic music plays ] [ Woman screams ] I just made it up in my mind. [ Laughter ] Um, okay, Kyle, I'm excited to hear what you are going to sing. "Mercy" by Shawn Mendes today. Oh, really? Awesome. Okay. Alright, Kyle, go for it. ♪♪ ♪ Please have mercy on me ♪ ♪ Take it easy on my heart ♪ ♪ Even though you don't mean to hurt me ♪ ♪ You keep tearin' me apart ♪ ♪ Would you please have mercy ♪ ♪ Mercy ♪ ♪ On my heart? ♪ ♪ Would you please have mercy ♪ ♪ Mercy ♪ ♪ On my heart? ♪ ♪ Consumin' all the air inside my lungs ♪ ♪ Rippin' all the skin from off my bones ♪ ♪ I'm prepared to sacrifice my life ♪ ♪ I would gladly do it twi‐i‐i‐ce ♪ Katy: Whoo! ♪ Oh, please have mercy on me ♪ That's the spot, there. Mm‐hmm. ♪ Take it easy on my heart ♪ ♪ Even though you don't mean to hurt me ♪ Katy: Whoo! ♪ You keep tearin' me apart ♪ ♪ Would you please have mercy ♪ ♪ Mercy ♪ ♪ On my hea‐ea‐rt? ♪ Ah. [ Cheers and applause ] O‐M‐G. This one right here loves you. Is your biggest fan. [ Laughter ] She's like ‐‐ like, from the first note ‐‐ I watched you ‐‐ you went... Gush, gush, Gush, gush. ...[High‐pitched voice] Oh, oh, oh! [ Laughter ] He was so good! Gush, gush. I'm so proud. So, you have a spot in your voice that it's your zone. Go ahead. Can we take this song up one key, please? Yeah. ♪♪ ♪ Consumin' all the air inside my lungs ♪ ♪ Rippin' all the skin from off my bones ♪ ♪ I'm prepared to sacrifice my life ♪ ♪ I would gladly do it twi‐i‐i‐ce ♪ ♪ Oh, please have mercy on me ♪ See? There you go. Yeah. [ Music stops ] Um, you got to pick the right key. I just have only one major question. How do you start out with the Eagles cheering squad? [ Laughter ] And then they're crying on your first song. [ Laughter ] I mean, what the heck? Now, this is your first time out, singing at all? Yeah. Okay, well... You don't sing at coffee shops or open mics or bars or... Never. Ooh! You are a ‐‐ Now, now ‐‐ A virgin. Yes. [ Laughter ] You know, people always ask me, you know, "Did you start out in church?" "No." "What did you..." I said, "I'm ‐‐ I came out of the shower and onto the stage with the Commodores." And ‐‐ And I know that sounds really weird, but... It's true? ...you know, some people just have... ‐Yeah. ‐...that shower touch. Let's vote. [ Shawn Mendes' "There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back" plays ] You've got some work to do. It's not gonna be an easy route. Mm‐hmm. But if you can grow fast ‐‐ really fast ‐‐ you're gonna do pretty well. I'm a yes. Wow. There we go. Yeah! [ Chuckles ] Kyle, obviously, you have no previous experience, and sometimes that's good. But you do need to pick the right keys. You need to keep it interesting from the first note on, okay? Yes. But I personally am a fan of you. Aah! [ Cheering ] Rah, rah, sis boom bah. Yes! [ Cheering ] Kyle: Oh, my gosh, this is... So, know you've got some stiff competition. But from one shower singer to another, it's a yes. [ Cheering ] ♪ There's nothing holding me back ♪ Yes! Can I hug you? Oh...my...God! ♪ There's nothing holdin' me back ♪ [ Cheering ] Lionel: What, what? What? ‐Oh, my gosh. ‐Whoa! Thanks, guys. So ‐‐ So ‐‐ So, wait, now, wait. So ‐‐ So, the team wants me and Luke to play? [ Laughter ] Katy: Alright, cheer your way out. You're on your way. [ Cheering ] You got it! Kyle: Whoo! Thank you! I got the golden ticket, handed to me by Katy Perry herself. It was so awesome. And for them to believe in me is even better. ♪ There's nothing holdin' me back ♪ Luke, check it out. Yeah, boy. It's a badass team. Perry, Richie, Eagles. All: We're going to Hollywood! Kyle: I will be extremely nervous, but I'm just gonna trust my heart. It's gotten me this far. ♪ Baby, there's nothing holdin' me back ♪ All: Hollywood, here he comes! Woman: He is truly number one! He is truly number one! [ Cheering ] ♪♪ Katy: What a day! Luke: Nice and sunny. [ Laughs ] And cold, and cold in this place. But you know what? That's okay, the sun is shining through. I love the freshness of this whole thing. We've got the greatest contestants. I saw them outside. They're so nervous. Katy: And all their families are with them, for sure. Tons of family members. Luke: For your families to make the trek through the wilderness of Oregon... [ Laughs ] They came from all over to come to... ♪ Sunriver, Oregon ♪ I love it. Sunriver. Where it's sunny, even in the winter. Bring 'em on. ♪♪ How y'all doin'? Hey! Welcome to the show. Tell us your name and your age. I'm Jovin Webb, I'm 28, and I'm from Gonzales, Louisiana. So, uh, tell us about your life, your adventures, uh, growing up. Um, I actually went through a dark time. I lost my mother. And it really brought me to a dark place. [ NEEDTOBREATHE'S "Count on Me" plays ] My mother was everything to me. She was my backbone, like, no matter if it was football practice, basketball, Boy Scouts. Anything I did, she was there. ♪ I will bring you in ♪ ♪ From the cold ♪ In 2012, I had just graduated college. It was a Sunday, and my mom was getting ready to go to church. And I found her passed out and I'm, like, freaked out. We called ‐‐ you know, called the ambulance and everything. And, uh, she was okay. They got there, and everything was perfectly fine. And then, through the night, um, God took her away. ♪♪ ♪ When you lose, when you rush ♪ ♪ When you don't feel strong enough ♪ She was my biggest fan. ♪♪ And one person that truly loves you. You know what I mean? ♪♪ Worst day of my life...by far. Yeah, that's the worst day of my life. ♪♪ I didn't want to be here anymore. So I was being very self‐destructive, man. I would go out looking for ways to numb the pain. Could be a million people in the room, I still felt alone. My son was my savior. [ Choir vocalizing ] When my son was born, there was, like, a whole bunch of emotions and feelings that I forgot I had, and just welled up in tears. And that's when I realized, "Enough is enough. I got to tighten up my bootstraps, be a man, and take care of everything I need to take care of." ♪ Come what may, come what might ♪ Yeah! ♪ Everybody falls down sometimes ♪ I don't want him to ever be afraid. I don't ever want him to feel alone. ♪ You can count on me ♪ See who this is? ♪ Yeah, you can count on me ♪ This is my mom. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. ♪♪ My reason to be here is to show my son that, anything you want out of life, you can get it. Welcome to "American Idol." If my mama could do it, I can do it. ♪ Ooh ooh ooh ♪ I feel like you're here for good reasons. I feel like ‐‐ Great ones, man. And ‐‐ And a lot of people will hear your story and ‐‐ and understand where you're coming from and root for you. And now all you got to do is sing. [ Chuckles ] That's what I'm here for, man. Now it's the easy part. I will give it to them, man. ♪ Yeah, you can count on me ♪ Lionel: Do you gig? I mean, do you gig around, uh... Yeah, I‐I'm finally a full‐time musician. I do a lot of shows from New Orleans to Baton Rouge. So, you're singing full time now, huh? Finally, finally. Very good. Congratulations on that. So, tell us what you're gonna do for us today. Today, I'mma be singing "Whipping Post" by the Allman Brothers. Wow. Okay. Let's go for it. Alright. ♪♪ ♪ Mm, mmm‐mmm ♪ ♪♪ ♪ I've been run down ♪ Mmm! Mm‐hmm. ♪ I've been lied to ♪ ♪ And I don't know why I let that old woman ♪ ♪ Make me a fool ♪ ♪ She took all of my money ♪ ♪ Wrecked my new car ♪ ♪ And now she's with one of my good ol' buddies ♪ ♪ Drinkin' at some cross‐town bar ♪ ♪ Sometimes I feel ♪ ♪ Yeah ♪ ♪ Sometimes I fee‐ee‐l ♪ ♪ Like I've been tied ♪ ♪ To the whippin' post ♪ ♪ Lord, I'm tied ♪ ♪ To the whippin' post ♪ ♪ Oh, I'm tied ♪ ♪ To the whippin' post ♪ ♪ And, good Lord, I feel like I'm dyin' ♪ Yes, sirree, buddy. [ Laughs ] [ Chuckling ] [ Laughs ] Whoo‐whoo! [ Chuckles ] ♪ My friends tell me ♪ ♪ That I've been a fool ♪ ♪ But I have to stand 'round and take it, baby ♪ ♪ All from lovin' you ♪ ♪ I drown myself in sorrow ♪ ♪ As I look at what you've done ♪ ♪ Nothing seems to change ♪ ♪ It all stays the same ♪ ♪ And I can't run ♪ ♪ Sometimes I feel ♪ Go on, now. ♪ Yeah ♪ Love his "Yeah." ♪ Sometimes I fee‐ee‐l ♪ ♪ Lord, I've been tied ♪ ♪ To the whippin' post ♪ ♪ I'm tied ♪ ♪ To the whippin' post ♪ ♪ Oh, I'm tied ♪ ♪ To the whippin' post ♪ ♪ And, good Lord, I feel like I'm dyin' ♪ [ Music stops ] [ Sighs ] ♪♪ You officially brought the barbecue sauce... [ Laughs ] ...to "American Idol." Oh, man. Do you understand? Whoo. I don't have to say a lot, except that is what barbecue sauce sounds like. That's life. That was moving. Thank y'all. B.B. King told me once that it's hard to sing the blues in the back seat of a limousine. In this case, you're coming from the ground floor. That was so real. Katy: Yeah. There's nothing we have to educate you on. Just bring more of that. That's the closest I've ever heard ‐‐ And it's something only Louisiana could create, too. I mean... I mean, it's amazing. ...absolute instant identity. [ Laughs ] We knew where you were, from the first note on. Man, I could sit and drink a lot of bourbon listening to that voice. [ Laughs ] Thank y'all so much. Thank y'all. Man, just ‐‐ I saw your whole life... Mm‐hmm. ...in that performance. It was perfect. Thank y'all. Kate‐ay? I got chills in my...cheekbones. [ Laughs ] And I've had so much Botox, I didn't even know... [ Laughter ] Literally, it's like I drank some kind of elixir, and you ignited parts of me I had never felt before. [ Laughs ] All of your pain that you've been through, we believe you. And, like, we're locked in with you because of it. I mean, it's so ‐‐ it's so true, it's so real. It's a God‐given gift inside of you. Thank you. Katy: Yeah. I just cannot wait to see your journey or ‐‐ first of all, I can't wait to vote... [ Chuckles ] ...to figure out where that journey is gonna be. Agree. [ Hollis Brown's "Run Right to You" plays ] Judges: You're going to Hollywood! ♪ I wanna bring it to you ♪ Whew. Come take this golden ticket to the rest of your life, my friend. ♪♪ ♪ I wanna play it for you ♪ There you go. You deserve it. A pleasure meeting you. Yeah. Mr. Commodores himself. You got such a great ‐‐ Come on. Such a great look. ♪ I've been lookin' ♪ ♪ Oh, I've been lookin' ♪ ♪ Oh ♪ Unh! Yes! Yes. Yes. Whatever bar he's at, I'm ‐‐ I'm flying my plane there. "I'm flying my jet to that bar." I ‐‐ I don't have a jet. I have a plane. This is for my kid, bringing this home. ♪ Run to you now ♪ I'm going to Hollywood! ♪ Baby ♪ ♪♪ Do you guys smell gas? Propane. Uh‐huh. It's pretty intense. We're getting heavy propane. Heavy. And almost kinda feeling it. Yeah. [ Sniffs ] Heavy gas. Or even a slight leak, if you want the truth. I don't know. I have, like, a slight headache from it. It's pretty intense. You feel it? Ooh, it's bad. It's really bad. Okay. Katy: It's pretty bad. Yeah, check it right here, guys. [ Siren wails ] I'm gonna make sure you're okay. Katy: I'm not feeling good. [ Siren wails ] Do you guys smell gas? Propane. Uh‐huh. It's pretty intense. We're getting heavy propane. Heavy. Or even a slight leak, if you want the truth. I don't know. I have, like, a slight headache from it. You feel it? Ooh, it's bad. It's really bad. [ Alarm blaring ] I need everyone to get up and follow me as quickly as possible. ‐Let's go, let's go. ‐This isn't a fire drill. Okay. Is it something that ‐‐ I'm not ‐‐ Do I still audition... [ Siren wails ] [ Dramatic music plays ] Wow. You can smell it, right? Luke: Smell it out here. Holy crap. ♪♪ Luke: Hey, this is not a joke. There really is a gas leak. Man: I'm gonna make sure you're okay. I'm not feeling good. Oh, Katy. Man: We were called here today at the set of "American Idol" because there was a gas leak. When we got here, everybody was rushing out. Oh, Katy. Oh, wait. Alright, alright. There was something wrong with the pilot lights in the kitchen, and that problem has been mitigated, and the building is safe to enter now. You guys, honestly. We all did get a little headache. Truly, we all got a little lightheaded. It was bad there. Chuck saved Katy Perry's life. [ Chuckles ] Pretty big deal. I did ‐‐ I did nothing. You saved me! [ Laughter ] We all ‐‐ Oh. With the judges safe and sound, it's time to celebrate. What's the word? ♪ All night long ♪ Katy: ♪ All night, all night ♪ ♪ All night long ♪ ♪ All night ♪ Katy: ♪ All night ♪ Luke: ♪ All night ♪ ♪ All night long ♪ ♪ All night ♪ ♪ All night ♪ ♪ All night long ♪ ♪ All night ♪ ♪ All night ♪ [ Laughter ] ♪ Everyone you meet ♪ ♪ They're jammin' in the street ♪ Wait. Where you going, Katy? These guys, they saved the future of "American Idol." No way! ‐No. ‐No. And our lives. ‐No way. ‐Two more, two more. Lionel: Two more. Oh, we got some more. These are the captains and the lieutenants. ‐Yes, sir! ‐[ Chuckles ] ‐Thank you, guys! ‐Thank you so much, guys. You get golden tickets. You're going to Hollywood! 'Cause you saved our lives. ‐Thank you so much. ‐We're going to Hollywood. ‐Oh, that's so great. ‐Incredible. Somebody take the picture right over here. [ Camera shutter clicks ] ♪ All night long ♪ ♪ All night ♪ ♪ Oh‐oh oh ♪ So, all is well in Sunriver, Oregon. ♪ All night ♪ But over in Milwaukee, someone else sounded the alarm. Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Ooooh‐wah! ♪ Diction is done with the tip of the tongue and the teeth ♪ Whoo‐oo! Before I perform, I do a ton of vocal warm‐ups. ♪ Nyah‐nyah‐nyah, nyah nyah ♪ It really gets your voice into the right position for singing, with your cords and your larynx, and then it's also just amazingly fun to do. And you feel kind of ridiculous, but it's kind of liberating at the same time. ♪ Oooooooooooh ♪ [ Chuckles ] ♪ Whoo‐ooo whoo‐ooooooo ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ It's that upside‐down one. Absolutely. I'm Claire Jolie Goodman. I'm 16 years old, and I'm from Mount Prospect, Illinois. ♪ Don't tell me not to live ♪ ♪ Just sit and putter ♪ That's the same thing. I think I've been ready to be on Broadway since I was born. [ Cheers and applause ] So, this is all of the songs that you know? These are just the ones I'm singing today. [ Chuckling ] Oh. ♪♪ ♪ I'll march my band out ♪ ♪ I'll beat my drum ♪ I remember singing in the lunchroom in fourth and fifth grade, and people would cover their ears and yell at me to stop. And I'm like, "I'm a good singer. Why are you telling me to stop?" Team Claire! ♪ Whooooo ♪ I'm not like any of these other pop singers. And, like, all respect to them, I think it's amazing what they're doing, but I definitely have my own unique style. ♪♪ ♪ Whoooooo ♪ Lionel: Oh, wow, wow. [ Applause ] [ Chuckling ] Thank you. That was Broadway. Do you have a pop‐type song? Opcione. Opcione. Yeah, absolutely. I can sing "Mamma Mia." That is Broadway. That is Broadway. Broadway. Um, I'd love to show you guys. I have an aria prepared. Ariana Grande? No, an aria. Let's ‐‐ Let's hear it. Alright, thank you. And I'm gonna be doing this one a cappella. So... ♪ Enough, enough ♪ ♪ Of being basely tearful ♪ ♪ I'll show my noble stuff ♪ ♪ By being bright and cheerful ♪ ♪ Ha‐ha‐ha ha ha ♪ ♪ Ha ha ha ha ♪ ♪ Ha‐ha‐ha ha ♪ ♪ Aha, ha‐ha‐ha ha ♪ ♪ Ha‐ha‐ha ha‐ha‐ha ha ♪ ♪ Ha‐ha ha‐ha‐ha ha ♪ ♪ Ha‐ha‐ha‐ha ha ha ♪ ♪ Ha ha ha ha ♪ ♪ Ha‐ha‐ha ha‐ha ha ♪ ♪ Ha...ha... ♪ ♪ Ha... ♪ ♪ Haaaa‐ah ♪ [ Applause ] [ Chuckling ] Thank you. [ Applause ] ♪ Ha‐ha ha‐ha‐ha‐ha ha ha ♪ I am nowhere ‐‐ ♪ Ha‐ha ha, ha‐ha ♪ [ Laughs ] I am nowhere ‐‐ That was yes. So, let me tell you what I'm really thinking... Claire: Mm‐hmm. ...so you'll actually know where you are. Yeah. Okay, you are comfortable in that style of singing. Mm‐hmm. I would never, in a million years, try to change you out of that. Sure. And so, clearly, this is not your house. But your voice is incredible. Thank you. And you need to take that character of who you are and make another pivot to the left or right and go do that... Alright. ...because that's where that voice should be. Um, if your big dream is to become a Broadway star, I think that's what you should go for. Absolutely. We wanted to hear something a little bit more current from you. Okay. Katy: And I'm not sure you were ready for that. I just think you're not shooting for the right dream. If you're gonna be a Broadway star, you need to go straight to New York City, and I think you'd have a lot of success. Thank you. Katy: Yeah. I want to be real careful with you, because you have tremendous gifts. Yes. You have a tremendous acting personality that's obviously ingrained in what you are. No matter what lyric somebody writes for me, when I open my mouth, it sounds country. Claire: Yeah. [ Laughs ] I cannot have it any other way. Do not pass "Go," do not collect $200. Go to Broadway. Okay. Let's vote. Yep. It's a no for "American Idol." It's a yes for Broadway. [ Chuckling ] Okay. Ditto. It's a no for "American Idol," but, "oh, my God," for Broadway. [ Voice breaking ] Thank you. It's a no for me, but really very entertaining and great job. Oh. Thank you so much. Katy: Thank you. ‐I really appreciate it. ‐Yeah. Please, come up here. Thank you. Thank you so much. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, too. So good. Thank you guys so much. Alright, darling. Thank you. ♪ There's a ♪ [ Sniffles ] ♪ Place for us ♪ Here she comes. ‐Hi. ‐Hey. ♪ Somewhere a place ♪ I'm so proud of you. ♪ For us ♪ Thank you. Claire: At the end of the day, I guess I know that I'm not a pop singer. And though I am disappointed, I think it's more important that I'm staying true to myself... ...true [Sobs] ‐‐ true to what I love to do. And I'm still gonna try to make it on Broadway. ♪ Hold my hand ♪ And I will tell them that "American Idol" sent me. ♪ And I'll take you there ♪ ♪ Somehow ♪ ♪ Ahhhhhhhhh ♪ ♪ Someday ♪ ♪ Ahhhhh ♪ ♪ Somewhe‐e‐e‐e‐e‐re ♪ ♪ Ahhhhhhhhhh ♪ ♪♪ ‐Let's get just a quick shot of you. ‐Okay. Alright. Man: That's it exactly. [ Piano plays "Easy" ] ♪ I know Lionel's standing in a long hallway ♪ ♪ With lights behind him ♪ ♪♪ ♪ Takin' pictures for "American Ido‐o‐o‐l" ♪ [ Laughs ] ♪ He's takin' pictures ♪ ♪ Ah ah ♪ ♪♪ [ Music intensifies ] There it is. ♪♪ I'm probably not playing it right. Where are you at? You ‐‐ ♪♪ I got to learn to blend. Now, I got to ‐‐ Aw, don't do that. Don't do that. Go down, go down. [Bleep] ♪♪ We'll have this before the season's over. Sorry to interrupt. Sorry. I'm gonna grab you to do this shot. Let's do it. ♪ You're all I need ♪ [ "Sail On" plays ] ♪ Oh, sail on ♪ ♪ Honey ♪ ♪ Good times never felt so good ♪ [ Applause ] Come on, Luke. ♪♪ Let's keep those good times sailing on with another musical duo, featuring a voice our judges may... ‐Brrrrr! ‐...remember. Hey, baby. Hi. I'm back! But I'm with my babe. Hello. This is my guy. ♪♪ My name is Margie Mays, and you might recognize me from the last season of "American Idol." Brrrrr! Brrrrr! Brrrrr! Did you just make a box over your head? Getting eliminated in Hawaii was definitely sad. Margie, you will not be going forward. Okay. Since last season, I've really ‐‐ I've worked on my craft. [ Both buzzing lips ] [ Vocalizing at high pitch ] I'm also a lot more professional, and I am gonna frick‐‐ I want to own it today. ♪ Let's go ♪ I'm sweating. [ Laughs ] How are you? How you feel? Literally, I feel, like, better that you're here with me. Like, knowing you're gonna be standing at the piano, like, sitting there, I feel ‐‐ It's so fun. It makes it fun. It makes it fun. My boyfriend ‐‐ his name is Jonny, and he's gonna play piano for me. And we're both auditioning. Now, last year, when this happened for her, what was ‐‐ what was happening with you? Uh, I was ‐‐ I was at the audition last year. [ Bell dings ] I just was trying to be supportive, and I threw up because I was so nervous. [ Laughs ] You ‐‐ Wait, you threw up for her? That day, yeah, yeah. That's love. Margie: Today the ideal outcome is that we both get golden tickets. I know there's a world where we both don't get golden tickets, and we ‐‐ Don't want to live in that world. We don't want to live in that world. Good said. [ Chuckling ] "Good said." Lionel: No, right? Oh, heck, no. Oh, my God. Oh, déjà vu, yo! How you guys doing? Can we hear the language? You want to do it? Sure. Brrr! Brrr! Brrr! I can't believe it. Brrr! Brrr‐brrr! Have you been sedated? You know what? I'm just, like, calm this time. I'm Margie 2.0. I've worked on my craft, guys. And who did you bring with you today? This is actually the love of my life. ‐Ah! ‐Ah! Oh! Congratulations! That's a big statement. Margie: It is a big ‐‐ Yeah, that's my best friend. We're ‐‐ We're praying for you. [ Laughter ] What's his name? ‐This is Jonny. ‐Awesome. Double trouble. Okay, let's see how much you have grown. Margie: Oh, okay. Katy: Alright. Margie: The song is called, ironically, "I Found a Boy." [ Chuckles ] But I didn't pick it just 'cause I brought him. ‐Alright, go ahead. ‐Alright. I love you, by the way. I love you, too. Okay. ♪♪ ♪ I thought I told you ♪ ♪ He'd be home soon ♪ ♪ Couldn't help myself ♪ ♪ You're too good to be true ♪ ♪ I fall short each time ♪ ♪ Every time he ain't here ♪ ♪ You and your charm creep closer ♪ ♪ Closer and near ♪ ♪ Like a fool for fire, I fall ♪ ♪ With my pride and all ♪ ♪ Like a bomb before explosion ♪ ♪ Tickin' by your ca‐a‐a‐ll ♪ ♪ But I found a boy who I love more ♪ ♪ Than I ever did you before ♪ ♪ So stand beside the river I cried ♪ ♪ And lay yourself do‐o‐o‐wn ♪ ♪ Look how you want me now ♪ ♪ That I do‐o‐o‐n't ♪ ♪ Need you ♪ Luke: [ Chuckles ] Nice. Mm‐hmm. Margie: Oh, gosh. Alright, Margie. Luke, what did you think? [ Sighs ] Oh. Well, pretty much every time you sang for us last year, you hit bad notes. [ Chuckles ] You didn't hit one bad note then. Now, I wouldn't say that you captured my emotion wholeheartedly with that song, but you ‐‐ you have become a much better singer. Thank you. And that's really hard to do. What I was worried about last year was, you were a nervous wreck, to the point of crash‐landing. Mm‐hmm. I like the person that you are, coming back now. Thank you. Katy? Katy: Um, I've always been a big fan of you. That being said, I didn't think that that was the right song. No. Okay. Katy: I‐I've seen you choose better songs... Mm‐hmm. ...that really pull us in. Hmm. Katy: I mean, look, I like your personality. I'm not telling you not to be Margie May. Totally. Katy: Don't change. Don't get serious... Yeah, yeah. ...'cause that's ‐‐ that's boring. ‐I'm not, I'm not. ‐Can I ‐‐ Margie: I'm not changed. I just ‐‐ I wanted to be like ‐‐ I'm on a mission today, and I wanted to make that clear. ‐Well, let's take a vote. ‐Okay. I want you to take us there. Okay. It's a yes from me. I think you can handle this. Okay. Katy: Margie, um... ...I didn't feel like you gave us what I felt and saw the first time I met you. Uh‐huh. Katy: It's wild that I'm saying this, 'cause I'm such a big fan of you, but it's a no for me. Okay. Whew. Um, I agree with Katy. Wow. Hmm. ♪♪ But I'm gonna give you another shot. ♪ I can't see me ♪ Yes. You're going to Hollywood. ♪ Lovin' nobody but you ♪ ♪ For all my life ♪ Okay. This time... ♪ When you're with me ♪ ...kill it, okay? ♪ Baby, the skies will be blue ♪ Get out of your head and into your voice, okay? ♪ For all my life ♪ Alright, go be Margie Mays. Alright, bye. I love you. You're amazing. Jonny: Great job. Did that come out of your mouth? ‐I love him. ‐I like that. Very good. He's a pretty amazing guy. Alright, I love you. Love you. Thank you, guys. Proud of you. ♪ I can't see me ♪ ♪ Lovin' nobody but you ♪ Oh! Yes! ♪ For all my life ♪ ♪♪ Lionel: How cold? How cold can it be? Not cold. Cold. Listen, I like people, but it's called the music business. Alright. This is not against their personality. It's about the thing that they are contributing to the music business. Well, you left somebody in there. Margie: I know. What happened to Jonny? I left him in there. He's gonna sing for them. So you can't ‐‐ He's gonna knock them out of the park. I know it. Who are you? My name's Jonny West. I'm Margie's boyfriend. ♪♪ Let's hear what you got. ♪♪ It's because of her that I'm here at all. That's really sweet, all of that, but you need to know, just understand, I don't want this for you and your relationship, but... ♪♪ ...this could possibly change your life. ♪♪ ♪ I can't see me lovin' nobody but you ♪ Well, you left somebody in there. What happened to Jonny? I know. I left him in there. He's gonna sing for them. So you can't ‐‐ He's gonna knock them out of the park. I know it. Well, you got the ticket, so congratulations. Whoo! Who are you? How you guys doing? My name's Jonny West. I am 23. I'm from Murrieta, California. ♪ Go West, young man ♪ ♪ Haven't you been told? ♪ ♪ California's full of whiskey ♪ ♪ Women, and gold ♪ Anyway... That's the one. Tell us about yourself, there, Jon West. Um, I'm Margie's boyfriend, and I went with her to her audition last year, just to support and, you know, purse‐hold and root her on, and then... "Purse‐hold"? [ Chuckles ] ...the opportunity ‐‐ "Purse‐hold." ‐I love that. ‐[ Laughs ] Yeah, "I was just proud to purse‐hold." It's excit‐‐ I just was excited for all that. ‐I like you. ‐It was exciting. [ Laughs ] Jonny: And then the opportunity came, and we both wanted to do it. And, yeah, I'm just happy to be here. Blessed to be here, for sure. Look at you holding that up to his face when he comes out. [ Laughter ] "Look what I got." ‐"Show me yours." ‐"I got mine." Well, uh, we're excited to hear you. What are you gonna sing today? Um, I'm gonna sing a song I wrote. You gonna do it on piano? Yeah, if I may. Perfect. Great. ♪♪ ♪ You look like you could use ♪ ♪ Some extra warmin', baby ♪ ♪ And I don't mind, I could be that guy ♪ ♪ To take you on ♪ ♪ And you know I don't wanna be ♪ ♪ The only one performin', baby ♪ ♪ So tonight ♪ ♪ Inspire me to write a couple more ♪ ♪ Write more songs ♪ ♪ From dusk ♪ ♪ Until dawn ♪ ♪ 'Cause I don't wanna fall in love ♪ ♪ Over and over again ♪ ♪ No, I just want you to feel my lovin' ♪ ♪ Tonight you'll be more than a friend ♪ ♪♪ [ Rapping ] ♪ I'mma gonna break it down a bit ♪ ♪ I don't wanna slow‐dance with a rocket quick ♪ ♪ And no time for tricks, but I'm showing off ♪ ♪ I'd like to show you off to all my friends ♪ ♪ Stone‐cold center with a stone‐cold woman of my own ♪ ♪ I'm nothin', I could use some lovin' ♪ ♪ I'm approachin' you, I'm hopin' you are ♪ ♪ Open to a night with me to go for food ♪ ♪ Romance from me, it is overdue ♪ ♪ Take a break from the dudes all over you ♪ ♪ I can play the game 'cause I know the rules ♪ ♪ I had you in my sights, and I chose to shoot ♪ ♪ This fella is relivin' all ♪ ♪ I got this... like Nicki Minaj ♪ ♪ Not jealous of others, I'm mellow ♪ ♪ This fellow is eloquent, never been off ♪ ♪ I need Cinderella to ball ♪ [ Singing ] ♪ 'Cause I don't wanna fall in love ♪ ♪ Over and over again ♪ ♪ I just want you to feel my lovin' ♪ ♪ Tonight you'll be more than a friend ♪ Ha‐ha‐ha‐ha! What you think, Katy? [ Chuckles ] I get why she's so obsessed. She's the best. You are a silent but deadly... Mm. ...killer. Thank you. When you sing, it's so pro. You know how to sing into the mic, you know how to enunciate. Thank you. Katy: It's good, the lyrics come out. The sound is pleasing to the ear. Jonny: Wow. Thank you. Um, you know, I don't want this for you and your relationship, but you may go farther than Margie. Mm. I think she would be very happy with that, by the way. Yeah. It's because of her that I'm here at all, so, I mean, anyway ‐‐ No, I get it. That's really sweet, all of that. But you need to know, just understand... Mm‐hmm. ...that this is something that is ‐‐ could possibly change your life. Mm. Cool. Wow. Thank you. Lionel? Jonny West, I am so happy to see you. [ Chuckling ] I'm happy to see you. I [Chuckles] ‐‐ You have no idea, artists come through every once in a while and anoint us, and I like the ability for you to go left or right and then straight down the center. That rap just took me out in left field. I did not know where you were going until I realized you were going. Mm. You have everything "American Idol" needs to make you an American Idol. Wow. You understand me? Thank you. Appreciate it. Man, that puts you really close to the Alejandro lane, in my opinion. He's ‐‐ Yeah. I agree. I mean, you're ‐‐ Massive compliment. You're parallel. That's just special stuff. Thank you. Good? Yeah, let's do it. Let's vote, you guys. Yes. ♪♪ Yes. ♪♪ Yes. Wow. Thank you, guys. You're going to Hollywood. Appreciate it. Katy: Listen, on here, it says "boyfriend of Margie Mays." Well, I understand it, but you are Jonny West. Thank you so much. Ryan: So hopefully, there's two reflecting off each other. Whew. Ding. Here we go. ♪ This millennial love is something else ♪ Wow. ♪ This millennial love ♪ Yeah? ♪ Is something else ♪ [ All cheering ] Congratulations. The dynamic duo stays together. ♪ But I would do anything for you ♪ I love you. I love you. Congrats. I feel so proud of him. I'm proud of you. I do. I'm so proud of you. I'm proud of you. And I love you. It's a big deal. That boy is good. That boy is really talented. Thanks to Margie and Jonny, love is in the air. And it's something 20‐year‐old Sarah Isen isn't lacking one bit. Sarah: Today I'm here with my two moms, my biological father, and nine of my half‐siblings. Thank you to all of you guys for being here. I know that a lot of you flew in from out of state. Whatever happens, you're just ‐‐ you're our hero. We love you. Oh! God. I'm your hero? Oh, now you're crying. Oh, Ma. [ Laughs ] I just feel so supported and loved. And I want to get a golden ticket so bad because I just want to keep singing. ♪ But I would do anything for you ♪ ‐Hello. ‐Hi. Who are you? Um, I'm Sarah. I'm 20 years old, and I'm from Berkeley, California. Katy: Awesome! Tell us about who you are. So, I was raised by two moms in Berkeley, and then when I was about 14 years old, I connected with my biological father, who was a sperm donor, and now, since then, we've found 26 half‐siblings. So, I'm one of 26. 26? Yeah. Oh, my God. Wow. Like, y'all chased the sperm‐donor trail? I know. Isn't it crazy? What? There's 10 of us here right now. [ Chuckles ] Really? ‐Yeah. ‐Is your sperm‐donor dad here? Yep. It's so nice to meet you. It's very nice to meet you. You're doing your hair the right way, I just want you to know. Been working on it for a while now. It's working. It's working. That is ‐‐ Is he taking y'all out to dinner? [ Laughs ] [ Chuckles ] Can you share the story of why he decided to give his... Yeah. He was in college. He went to UC Berkeley, and it was just, you know, something to do to help families. I'm pretty sure the program he did it through was for LGBT families. Wow. Katy: That's nice. Just a good deed. Really? Yeah. What a story. And have you spent, like, actual holidays with them? Oh, yeah. We went on a family vacation this summer to Big Bear. They're, like, truly my best friends. It's crazy. Eh, don't sing. Just tell me some more stories. I know, right? That's crazy. I love that. ‐Yeah. ‐I love it. Alright, Sarah, well, um, what are you gonna share with us? I'm gonna sing "If I Were a Boy" by Beyoncé. Perfect. ♪♪ Wow. That's interesting. ♪ If I were a boy ♪ ♪ Even just for a day ♪ [ Whistles ] Hmm, hmm, hmm. ♪ I'd roll out of bed in the morning ♪ ♪ And throw on what I wanted and go ♪ ♪ If I were a boy ♪ ♪ I think I could understand ♪ ♪ Whoa, oh, oh, oh ♪ ♪ Whoa, oh‐oh‐oh, oh‐oh, oh‐oh, oh ♪ ♪ How it feels to love a girl ♪ ♪ I swear I'd be a better ma‐a‐a‐a‐a‐n ♪ ♪ I'd listen to her ♪ ♪ 'Cause I know how it hurts ♪ ♪ Whoa, oh‐oh‐oh, oh‐oh, oh‐oh, oh ♪ ♪ When you lose the one you wanted ♪ ♪ 'Cause he's taken you for granted ♪ ♪ And everything you had got destroyed ♪ ♪ But you're just a boy ♪ ♪♪ [ Vocalizing ] Wow. Wow. Wow. Thank the sperm donors! [ Laughs ] Alright, Luke, what do you have to say? It totally blew me away. Thank you. Was it a flawless performance? It wasn't. When you went into the chorus, I think you were nervous on that first line. First time around. In your second half of the chorus... Correct. ...you totally corrected your nerves. Is that true? Uh...yes. [ Laughter ] Yes. You have a low end that will compel me to sit here and listen to every word you're ever gonna sing. You can open up a lot more, and I'm just gonna call that your heart beating a little faster than you would like it to be, but it's okay. I really like what you're doing. Thank you. Thank you a lot. Katy? Um, I was really happy that you came back down after the chorus and ended with that subtlety, with that beautiful alto voice that you have. I would like for you to use dynamics even more. Just think about how you can do this push‐pull thing ‐‐ like, you can make it big and then bring us back in... Yeah. Take us on a ride. ...and make it big. Take us on that roller coaster with your voice. Let's take a vote. Lionel? I am so happy to say... yes. Thank you. [ Chuckles ] It's a yes from me. [ Sigrid's "Don't Kill My Vibe" plays ] Yes. Yes, yes, yes. ♪ I tried to play it nice but ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, ooh‐ooh ♪ You're going to Hollywood! ♪ Don't kill my vibe ♪ Oh, thank you so much. Oh, my God. Get ready. Oh, thank you. Oh, my gosh. So get ready. Oh. Congrats. It was nice to meet you all. It's just a blessing to be able to sing for you. You guys are all amazing. Well, you're gonna be singing for America. That's what you're gonna be doing. Oh, my God. Are you ready for this out there? ♪ I tried to play it nice but ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, ooh‐ooh ♪ ♪ Don't break my stride ♪ [ All cheering ] ♪ I tried to play it nice but ♪ ♪ You think you're so important to me, don't you? ♪ ♪ But I wanted you to know ♪ ♪ That you don't belong here ♪ Stampede. Oh, my God. The stampede, for real. ♪ Don't kill my vibe ♪ ♪♪ Curt: We met in Nashville and been playing together ever since. Julia: I've really seen a spot for me here. ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh ♪ [ Laughter ] I wanted this since I was 6 years old. There's a pain that you can feel. You gave us the whole authentic self right here in front of us. Luke: That was big time. I believe in you. Julia: [ Crying ] I can't believe this is happening. I'm gonna cry. [ Crying ] ♪ Mm‐mm‐hmm‐mm‐mm ♪ ♪ Every time I turn around ♪ Hello. Hello. Good morning. Welcome! ♪ I want to love you ♪ Nice to see you. How are you? Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. What's your name? I'm Uncle AJ. I'm Ryan. The judges are really enthusiastic about seeing all of you. So, get in there, sing your hearts out, be yourself. You're all here for a reason, so dig in to that confidence. Good luck, and we'll see you in the room, okay? [ All cheering ] ♪ Mm‐mm‐hmm‐mm‐mm ♪ Hello, and welcome to meeting me. ♪♪ ♪ Me‐me ♪ I'm Eliza Catastrophe, I'm 28 years young, and I'm from Spokane, Washington. [ Pops lips ] So, I've been playing live in Spokane for about nine years now. I'm known as "the Universal Opener," so I open for anyone who comes through. Man: ...the Universal Opener. A soloist, pop act, rapper, or a country act ‐‐ like, please call me. I want that $20. [ Chuckles ] ♪♪ I appreciate the significance of this day. I'm treating with as much respect and reverence as I can. Lionel: Hey. I hope the judges like me professionally, and also personally. I have gifts for you in this purse. Are they edible? Ah! Yes. Sure. We can be bribed. Eliza: I brought you all my new album. It's on MP3 player. Ah. And I brought you my old album on candy bar for you, and it has the song "Sardines" on it, which I hope to perform for you, so I brought sardines for you, too. Katy: Wow. You are unique. Thank you. [ Laughs ] Oh! [ "La Donna e Mobile" plays ] Do not open those sardines! Oh, my God! Eliza: Oh, he did it. Don't do it! Oh. See what you started? Now this is gonna be ‐‐ Ooh! That's strong! I can't ‐‐ I'm gonna yak. Luke, give me this thing. If you get that on you, it takes ‐‐ You're done. You're done. Alright, ladies and gentlemen... It takes two days. ...I need to give this to somebody. Well, I'm so glad you all three enjoyed that so much. Oh, yeah. That was a catastrophe. Oh, yeah. That was ‐‐ Alright, "Sardines." We got to hear "Sardines." Ah. "Sardines." I'm dying to hear "Sardines." That's all I can think about. ♪ Sardines, sardines, sardines ♪ ♪ They live in a can, oh, man, in a can ♪ ♪ Where they go to school, and when they are done ♪ ♪ Where they go to work, and where they have fun ♪ ♪ Sardines, sardines, sardines ♪ ♪ If we shares with fishes, we'd all be doing dishes ♪ ♪ 'Cause I wish for fishes, I wish for fishes ♪ ♪ If ifs and buts were candy and nuts ♪ ♪ Oh, we'd all have a merry Christmas ♪ ♪ Les poissons, les poissons ♪ ♪ Au revoir, pesca ♪ ♪ Sardines, sardines ♪ ♪ They're fishes, they're fishes ♪ ♪ We'd all be doing dishes ♪ ♪ 'Cause I wish for fishes ♪ ♪ If ifs and buts were candy and nuts ♪ ♪ Oh, we'd all have a merry Christmas ♪ ♪ Les poissons, les poissons ♪ ♪ Au revoir, pesca ♪ [ Claps hands ] Thank you. Ah. ♪ Sardines, sardines ♪ [ Laughs ] ♪ Sardines, sardines ♪ [ Laughs ] Are you gonna say that all day today? You're just gonna go... ♪ Sardines, sardines ♪ That's why I picked it. That's why. The next fish I hook, I'm gonna be like... [ Grunts ] ♪ Sardines, sardines ♪ ♪ Sardines, sardines ♪ [ Laughs ] Well, now, let me just tell you, I'm evaluating the fact that I don't know where this beautiful "sardines, sardines" fits. Not that you're not entertaining. It's just ‐‐ Entertaining, yes. Entertaining ‐‐ you've got that down in spades. How you were vocally is going to be the part that I'm wrestling with. Yeah. But it's gonna be a no for me, okay? I can see that. That's where I am, officially. Thanks. Um, love your spirit. Just keep having fun, being yourself. Yeah, that's right. But for "American Idol," I'm a no. Eliza, you're a character, and you make us laugh. And it's unusual. It's super unusual. It is weird. ‐Yay. ‐Yay. I know. I'm weird, too, but a different kind of weird. It's not right for "American Idol," but thank you for the snacks and the sardines. But you guys, like, like me as a person and you think I'm cool? Katy: Yeah, duh. Love you. Oh, heck yeah. Are you kidding me? It's a no for me. Would you ever want to hang out socially? Okay. Well, thanks anyway. We love you. Thanks. Alright, darling. Thank you, babe. Oh. That is an old trick there, boy. [ Laughs ] That's an old trick. But just remember... [ Sighs ] ...when we all three go to bed tonight... Katy: Yeah. We're gonna be ‐‐ ...we'll be singing... All: ♪ Sardines, sardines, sardines ♪ ♪ They live in a can ♪ Eliza: I think that me putting stinky fish into the room probably, like, hurt my chances, and it grossed Katy out, so I think that, like, turned her off of me right away. I'm gonna blame it on that instead of anything else. ♪ Sardines ♪ ♪♪ Sorry. That was some force. I'm definitely gonna keep singing forever. Maybe I'll have to go back to playing $20 shows, but I'm definitely gonna be working my way up there. And maybe Katy Perry will be opening for me some day. ♪ Sardines, sardines ♪ They live in a can. Oh, man. Oh, man. Oh, man. I'm really gonna yak. Ryan: Back with you from the "Idol" auditions. This is the moment of truth. Katy... Here we go. ...versus Luke. Take it away, Katy. ♪♪ Oh! [ Laughs ] She's down. She's down. ♪ Oh, I want to skate with somebody ♪ ♪ I want to feel the heat ♪ ♪ With somebody ♪ Oh! ♪ Yeah, I want to skate with somebody ♪ Both: ♪ With somebody who loves me ♪ ♪ Yeah, I want to skate with Luke Bryan ♪ Oh, this ‐‐ ♪ I want to see you skate ♪ ♪ Skate backwards ♪ ♪ Yeah, will you skate ♪ ♪ With somebody who loves me? ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Whoo ♪ I'm so scared we're gonna hit something. ♪ Whoo, ooh‐ooh ♪ [ Screams ] That may be a possibility, that I may be the only judge left to judge. ♪ With somebody who loves me ♪ [ Crash! ] Whoo! ‐Oh, God. ‐[ Laughs ] Lionel: That was good. And with that smashing performance, the "Idol" auditions roll on. ♪♪ For almost two decades, "American Idol" has been discovering talent from every corner of the country. [ All cheering ] And our "Idol" alumni are nothing short of phenomenal. [ All screaming ] I made it. Ah! So, it's no surprise our judges hand‐picked two of the most original artists this show has ever seen. What's your name? Catie with a C, and you're Katy with a K, and I already think this friendship's off to a great start. Lionel: [ Laughs ] My name's Alejandro. ♪ When you hold me closer to your fantasy ♪ Alejandro and Catie Turner ‐‐ they opened the door for viewers to go, "Huh. Well, I never really thought of this as the way, but these guys are great, they're authentic, they're real, true artists. Why not audition?" Man: I remember I saw Alejandro's audition 'cause it was so viral, and I was absolutely blown away by it. ♪ Get real with yourself ♪ Catie Turner's songwriting in particular is crazy. Julia: She is telling a story. She's not trying to fit in any box. Just seeing Alejandro play to four people and then play, you know, festivals, tours, and the fact that that came from being discovered on "American Idol" is super inspiring. Katy: What's your name? Julia Gargano. And why did you choose "American Idol," of all the places to try and kick off a career? Well, the past couple seasons, between Catie Turner and Alejandro, I've really seen a spot for me here. I consider myself a songwriter as my identity. Today, I am going to perform an original song called "Growing Pains." What were you thinking when it was doing original versus do a song that people already knew? Julia: I feel like when you go on "American Idol," you really have to put yourself out there as an artist, and I really believe that's what best represents me. I have so many stories and so many songs that I feel like I have a lot to offer. Are you gonna sing something you wrote for us? Julia: Yes. It's called "Growing Pains." "Growing Pains." Very good. ♪♪ ♪ Put a Band‐Aid on a shotgun wound ♪ ♪ And pray to God it heals me ♪ ♪ Rolls off your tongue, you mutter ♪ ♪ Words so cold ♪ ♪ And I suppose that's honesty ♪ ♪ And I've got these hands, not a grip too loose ♪ ♪ I've got one heart and it's loving you ♪ Mm. ♪ But I've only got one, so I will move ♪ ♪ When an ocean's pouring ♪ ♪ From the blue skies above me ♪ ♪ Do I sail on down ♪ ♪ Until I find where I've been running? ♪ ♪ Do I dry my eyes 'til I feel okay? ♪ ♪ Oh, these growing pains ♪ ♪ Growing pains ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh‐oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh‐oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh‐oh ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh‐oh ♪ ♪ Ooh, ooh‐ooh ♪ ♪♪ Thank you. Very good. Very good. Oh. [ Laughter ] Oh, my God! I can't believe this happening! I'm gonna cry! [ Laughs ] Thank you. That was the best hug I've ever received. That was very good. Okay. She never hugs me. [ Laughs ] I'm so sorry. Well, if you sang like that, maybe I would. [ Laughs ] I'll never sing like that. Well, then, you ain't getting no love. Oh. Come on, Luke. I'll tell you what ‐‐ you know, that was big time. Thank you. Ah. That's big‐time music, big‐time presentation, done by a 21‐year‐old, and it sounded really, really classic and done well. A lot of folks just don't come in the door here and showcase... Well. ..."And here's my new song." [ Laughs ] And you gave us the whole, authentic self, right here in front of us, and that's why this lady ran around and gave you that hug. Best moment of my life to date. Next season on "American Idol," people are going to say, "I actually ‐‐ um, I came here to audition because I was inspired by Julia Gargano." Oh, my God. It's too much. That's what they're gonna be saying. You are... So good. ...as good as Catie Turner, as Alejandro. Now, those are all the compliments. I don't have any critiques. Okay. Katy: But when I find one, I'm gonna give it to you, because I want you to win this thing. I think you're top five. [ Chuckles ] Oh, my... Do you have a big family outside? So huge. 15 people. Should we do it quietly, so they can't hear? 'Cause I think everybody's hearing us. Oh. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So, we'll whisper. We're gonna whisper it, and then we're gonna let you deliver the news. [ Whispering ] Okay. Aah! Katy: Julia... What? What? You are going to... All: [ Whispering ] Hollywood! [ Screams quietly ] Okay. Wow! Okay. Quiet. Oh, my God. Okay. Thank you so much. [ Normal voice ] I love you. I love you so much. Amazing. Amazing. Thank you. What is happening right now? I don't even know what's happening. Okay, thank you. Hide it. Hide it. ♪♪ [ All cheering ] Oh! [ Normal voice ] We got a show, guys. I cannot believe I sang an original song, and their response was crazy. Absolutely surreal. [ Normal voice ] She is a...star. When Katy said that I was gonna be an inspiration to other songwriters, that was too much for me to take in. Oh, my gosh. That was the best compliment I have ever gotten. I'm going to Hollywood! [ All cheering ] ♪♪ ♪♪ My heart's about to bounce out of my chest. [ Laughs ] [ Imitates rapid heartbeat ] That's what's happening right now. They're just regular people. Ryan: Hi. What's your name? ‐What's your name? ‐Presely. Presely. Presely. Hi, Presely. Good to see you. I like your shirt. Let's jump. Hey, baby. ♪♪ ‐'Sup, guys? ‐Hey, guys. ‐Hey. ‐How are y'all? ‐How you doing? ‐What's up? Nothing much. Coming to sing for you guys today. We got a twofer. [ Chuckles ] You got a twofer. Yeah. We got a little duo going on. Tell us who you are and where you're from. I'm Curt Jones. This is my wife, Hannah. Hannah Prestridge. And we're called Treble Soul. Treble Soul. We met in Nashville, and we've been playing together ever since and stuff, and ‐‐ Going on six years. Going on six years now. Married for three. Wow. Very good. Yeah. Alright, Curt, let's hear you. Alright. ♪♪ So, I'm gonna sing "Help Me Hold On" by Travis Tritt. ♪♪ ♪ Baby, close that suitcase you've been packin' ♪ ♪ Just sit down and talk to me awhile ♪ ♪ I know you tried to tell me what was lackin' ♪ ♪ But I guess I must have missed it by a mile ♪ ♪ Well, this time, girl, I swear to you I'll listen ♪ ♪ And help me understand where I went wrong ♪ ♪ Help me hold on ♪ ♪ To what we had ♪ ♪ You were right all along ♪ ♪ So help me hold on ♪ Good deal. Thank you. Hannah, you want to take your turn? Hannah: Sure. I'm gonna sing an original. Okay. It's called "Day to Day," and the reason I'm singing it is 'cause I just want to share it with y'all. What's it about? It's about me and Curt's relationship, and, uh ‐‐ Well, tell us about it. ♪♪ Hannah: When I met Curt, I was in Nashville, Tennessee. I had went up there to chase a dream, and ended up chasing a boy. I knew automatically, like, "Wow. I love this dude, and I don't know why." Curt: I loved music, she loved music. It just seemed to click and work. And so me and Hannah had a pretty special connection starting off. Don't ‐‐ Daddy! This should be, uh ‐‐ this should be the same. And my sleeves I'll roll up. Hannah: So, after the first three months of us dating, we became pregnant, and it was scary, but we were also very in love. [ Lord Huron's "The Night We Met" plays ] So, everything was fine at first, and then all of a sudden, I was in so much pain. I go to the doctor, and they find this problem with my kidney. The pain was excruciating. Both of our lives were in danger, and so they did stick a tube in my back and gave me some hydrocodone. ♪♪ That's when my addiction became an addiction. ♪ I am not the only traveler ♪ After I had Presely, I wasn't just getting the hydrocodone from the doctors, you know? I would get it from friends. I was spiraling out of control. ♪ What the hell I'm supposed to do ♪ ♪♪ Curt: I watched as the most beautiful woman I've ever seen in my life, uh ‐‐ Sorry. ...um, kind of fade away into this ‐‐ this ghost that I never really knew. ♪ I had all and then most of you ♪ ♪ Some and now none of you ♪ I was messing up everything. Last year, I didn't even show up at my own house to put the presents under the Christmas tree. ♪♪ Curt: I'm there by myself, wrapping presents, and then you see her stumble through the door. It looked like she got beat to death by the addiction stick. ♪ Take me back ♪ Thank God my kids were asleep, because it is something that you can't un‐see. ♪♪ There was a stipulation that I gave her, that you need to fix your stuff or I'm gone with the girls. ♪♪ I remember it like it was yesterday. Um... Sorry. ♪♪ Curt: She picked us. ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ She's been a year sober today, and I'm extremely proud of her. ♪ Take us back to the night we met ♪ I'm extremely happy that we have a second chance to make our family right. I love you. Hannah: I love Curt with my entire soul. If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't be here today. ♪♪ We've had a rough six years ‐‐ happy and bad times. This is more of the bad times. Wow. Okay. Let's hear it. ♪♪ ♪ Would you be happy somewhere else? ♪ ♪ Would it be better if I left the house? ♪ ♪ 'Cause I can't take this falling apart ♪ ♪ And every time we talk, all you do is break my heart ♪ ♪ 'Cause it's like living day to day ♪ ♪ Wiping the tears off my face ♪ ♪ Going through the motions, can't be tamed ♪ ♪ Like tomorrow will be our first break ♪ ♪ But time is just a battle game full of fame ♪ ♪ 'Cause it's like living day to day ♪ Alright. Thank you. Katy? Hannah, there's something special in your voice. There's a pain that you can feel, and people resonate with it, and congratulations for being clear. Well, thank you. If you want to be on this journey, you got to be clear. Curt, I think you've got a real authentic country voice. I just ‐‐ I'm not sure that you are blowing out the water some of the contestants we've seen earlier. Luke, what do you think? You know, Curt, I think you complement her. Yeah. But I think right now, your role may just be to be kind of her rock. Hannah, you've got that story and that pain in there that we're feeling, but now if you can feel that, "Oh." Yeah. "This is train's getting rolling." I think you might surprise us and yourself. Lionel? Looking at you as a team, I always like to think of, who's the lead, who's the complement? Mm‐hmm. Lionel: As far as I'm concerned, Hannah, you know, the lead is sitting with you. Your rock is standing next to you, and the guy you look over every night and wink at him during the show, because he'll be playing right beside you. There's the act, right there. You understand me? Yes, sir. Yeah, let's go on and vote. Well, hold on. I have a question. Yeah? What would happen if you guys ‐‐ Would you have to both go through, or...? No. No? No. Wow. We've already talked about it, and I would support her no matter what. ‐Really? ‐Yes. Very good. No matter what. Should we take a vote? Yeah, let's take a vote. [ Kacey Musgraves' "Rainbow" plays ] Curt, it's a no for me. Yes, sir. Alright? But you know where you stand. Yes, sir. You're a good man. Good man. Thank you. There's got to be a flower and there's got to be a gardener. Right now, you got to be the gardener. I got you. It's a no for me for right now. Okay. Curt, it's a yes for me for being a great man. ‐Thank you so much. ‐That's right. Appreciate it. Hannah... ♪♪ Let's do it. Three, two, one. All: You're going to Hollywood! ♪ You hold on to your umbrella ♪ ♪ And, darling, I'm just trying to tell ya ♪ [ Laughs ] ♪ That's there's always been a rainbow ♪ Hannah: I can't believe I did it. It means everything that I've ever worked for in my life. All the hardships I've faced, all the ‐‐ all the downfalls I've taken. ♪ You'd be blinded by the colors ♪ I believe in you. I've wanted this since I was 6 years old. You got it. Now you got it. Now just stay focused, stay clear. Yes, ma'am. It is bittersweet. I'm bummed. She got it! Hannah: I know how bad he wanted it and I know how bad I wanted him to get it. So... ♪ 'Cause the sky is finally open ♪ Presely: Good job, Daddy. Thank you, baby. I appreciate it very much. Are you gonna take me to Disneyland now? I'm gonna try. [ Laughs ] I'm proud of you. ♪ Hanging over your head ♪ ♪ Yeah, there's always been a rainbow ♪ ♪ Hanging over your head ♪ Curt: She deserves every bit of this, more than anybody I've ever met in my life. ♪ Mm‐mm, mm‐mm‐mm ♪ So, I'm looking forward to watching the journey. [ Sniffles ] You hear me? ♪♪ [ All cheering ] Next time... Woman: Is the next American Idol in this crowd? ♪ Ah ♪ Ryan: ...tune in... ♪ Ooh ♪ Yeah, she doesn't really miss notes. Lionel: I just couldn't stop watching you. I don't like it. I love it! Oh, my God! ...for more incredible talent... This is some top 10 material here. ‐Ooh‐whee! ‐I'm country. I'm tough. [ Laughter ] Security. ...and a few big surprises. Are you kidding me? Are we being Punk'd? [ Yodels ] No more yodeling! [ Fast‐paced piano music plays ] This room is love! ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 