Das Boot: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Das Boot 
 s1e8 - Abrechnung - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Das Boot (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Abrechnung - full transcript 
 The crew of U-612 copes with the recent events. In La Rochelle Forster receives bad news. Simone faces a tough decision. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I love you. We found this in the house. The only thing I want is to get home. They'll detain us immediately. - Could you hide her? - At my farm. It's over. According to the Atonement Command of the High Command, 100 citizens of La Rochelle have been chosen to be executed in retaliation. The logbook... nothing has been written in it since Greenwood's exchange. So we can still write in it what happened... We need fuel. We have to board. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - How much fuel do you have? - Enough. Your plan for getting the men home safely... you can trust me. The door is open. Will they be coming for me as well? I don't know. I've come to get Anna. I'll take her with me. Where to? Away from here. Where she's safe. A sick Jewish girl in a country occupied by the Germans? How are you planning on doing that? Anna stays here until her father is back. Her father? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Her father is dead. Get me the things she really needs. And I... Thanks for everything. Get out. Get out. Get out. Move it. - Get out. - Fast! Come on, move it. Faster. Write to your family. Last words. Write to your family. Last words. Thanks. Don't move. It itches like hell. It's possible that I won't be able to help you anymore. The Germans are looking for me. But they won't get me. Not alive, anyway. You've got a gun for me? I want to help you. We are on course to our rendezvous point. The mood of the men is good. Morale. Not "mood". Hoffmann would have said "morale". The morale of the men is good... No. - Excellent. - Christ. Make up your mind! The morale of the men is excellent. The morale... Think about Tennstedt, that asshole, saving us all in the end... Or-- or-- or the mutiny... Or the ghost ship... All these things... no one will believe us. Never. There are so many stories to tell when we're back home. Or when we stood there and Frank went to every single one of us with the matches, and we all knew, "One of us is going to die soon." - And then there's suddenly Tennstedt... - Everyone is convinced... that our new mission will have a great impact on the Battle of the Atlantic. Just like Hoffmann's handwriting. Impressive. Learnt it from a guy I used to know. Fisherman from the Azores... That's Hoffmann's final entry, right? What now? Thanks, Seaman Laudrup. You're writing from now on, Sir. We stick to the truth as much as we can. The men will be able to remember that best. CO's log entry, 4th of November 1942: Captain Hoffmann was severely injured while taking the American on board during a cowardly air attack. He handed the command over to me, Captain Wrangel, as the highest-ranking officer on board. Hoffmann died of his injuries in his bunk 24 hours after the attack. CO's log entry, 5th of November 1942. Torpedo Mechanic Max Haber died after a depth charge attack while U-612 was trapped at a great depth. If our First Watch Officer, Lieutenant Tennstedt, wouldn't have sacrificed his life in a heroic action in the battery room which was contaminated by chlorine gas, U-612 and its whole crew would have been lost. Damaged saddle tanks and the loss of fuel. Discovered a Russian cargo freighter. Gave order to board. Petty Officer Torpedo Josef Wolf sacrificed his life in brave man-to-man combat. Wounded in battle myself, I will personally write a report which will be enclosed in the log book. Return according to orders of Submarine Command. Estimated arrival in La Rochelle in 24 hours. At sea, 10th of November 1942, Wrangel, Captain and CO. WAR DIARY And that's our story. You only tell what is written in that log book; nothing else, to anyone! No one, got it? Not your buddies, not your grandma on her deathbed. And definitely not the girl who'll only spread her legs if you tell her a good story. This is our pact. You got that? - You got that? - Yes. Dismissed. Criminal Inspector. What's going on? We were supposed to pick up a certain Margot Bostal. She's on the list. - I know. So what? - She's gone. And Miss Strasser, her tenant? Is she home? The apartment's empty. Margot Bostal is working at the hospital. Look for her there. Scumbag! How long will it take to get to Marseille? I don't know. The bus stops in every single village. And afterwards I have to go to my uncle and aunt-- Don't. It's best if I don't know. It will work. Yes. It will work. To the population: Obey and serve. You know how all of this started for me? We were heading back and, for a short moment, I got distracted. By dolphins bouncing across the surface. It was... This elegance... The beauty of these animals, which were completely indifferent towards us. It moved me. And that's why I didn't notice the plane. 43 men. Dead. Comrades. Friends. Because of me. You'll have to live with that. We all do. Emile Charpentier has Gluck. Your papers. Give me the letters! I'm sorry, Maurice. Let's say the Hail Mary. Hail Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners now... Emile Charpentier has Gluck On the road to Villedoux? The farm belongs to Georges Charpentier. But the French say that his son is living with him. Get all available men. Miss Strasser, on duty again? Stay in the office until I'm back. Who did that? Who did that? My God, what have we become? I want to know who is responsible for this brutality? I am. I took over command of this boat and therefore the duties that come with it. He would have betrayed us. One life for many. That's the calculation in times of war. And if a man can't keep our secret what will await these men on their return? Being put up against a wall and shot. Then we really have the CO we deserve. So? What are you going to write in the log book, Sir? Weak constitution. He went overboard. Take care of the sea burial. Aye. Play some music. Something upbeat. For morale. That's an order. Petty Officer Radio. Aye, Sir. - Would you like a cup of coffee, Dad? - Yes, thanks. Dad! Ruchaud, Monot, Lebrun, Bergis, Anglade. Come with us. We found Gluck. He's alive. Really? What about the hostages? Are being executed as we speak. Ready! Aim! Fire! I ordered this. Five hostages are adequate atonement for the support Monroe must have had from within the population. All further executions have been suspended. Come with me. We need to talk. Yes. Yes. Adjutant Meinhardt, reporting for duty, Commander. Yes. A U-boat has been sighted returning to port. Were we expecting a returnee? - No, Commander. - What number?? It's U-612. Hoffmann's boat. Patch me through to Lorient immediately. Aye. She was betrayed. And so was I. Definitely not by those we shot at the farm. So there must be somebody else, on the outside. I assume that this person acknowledged the mistake and is now back on the right side. Concerning your missing landlady, Margot Bostal, my people are searching for her. Maybe she's involved. Take your time. I expect you to come to the office later. Commander Gluck, Captain Ulrich Wrangel, reporting the return of U-612. Wrangel? Where is Hoffmann? A secret mission. A passenger exchange. A solo engagement with a huge convoy. That's quite a story. This secret mission cost many lives. And you knew the details of the mission? I am honored that the Reich places such a value on me. Believe me, it wasn't my idea. We assumed you were all dead. We were unable to make contact. The radio was destroyed. Depth charges. A critical hit. As stated in the log book. - Whatever the truth... - The truth is in front of you. Would you prefer a tale of betrayal, death and pain? Does the Reich have that many heroes left that you can doubt the truth of this log book? The truth is exactly as we choose it to be. Listen, do you think they'll believe the story? I don't know. If they do I'll get hammered tonight. I knew this guy once... who badly wanted to join the Navy. He did well during the training, was all set to make Chief Engineer in five years. But the older guys he looked up to, they showed him a few tricks, a few maintenance short cuts. Things he knew that weren't right, but he did them anyway, just to be one of the boys. And then, this one time, before a drill, he forgot to check on the pressure of the diesel engine. And it exploded. Three men died in the blast. And this guy? Is he dead now? No. You're looking at him. If we get out of this, follow your own path. Or do you want to end up as a cook telling war stories? - No. - They are coming back. Form two columns! At attention! Report to the CO. Eyes left! Sir, crew lined up for inspection. Fall in. Gentlemen. Admiral Dönitz is thanking you for your loyal service. And he urges you to enjoy the well-deserved shore-leave. Eyes front! Dismissed! That's what I thought. So? What's your plan? Do you want to run away from me? You and Monroe. Tell me. I loved her. While you were forcing yourself on me, I was thinking of her. Of her kisses and of her body. And of her taste. Does that disgust you? You won't pull the trigger. If you do, 200 people are going to be rounded up and executed. You dirty, French whore. As soon as I'm finished with you, I'll get your brother court-martialed. They've returned. U-612 has returned. Every five minutes, you have to loosen the belt and then tighten it again. In case you survive, you better come up with a good story. The truth will destroy you. To the population: obey and serve. The door is open. Home leave? Yes. Pay my wife and kids a visit. Sounds good. Good-bye, Chief. Have a nice evening. DO NOT FEAR THE RUN Take care, Chief. We got away with it, fucking hell. We got away with it, Frank, and we'll take the secret to our graves. You want to know the best part of the story? I almost ended up in jail beforehand, I kid you not. The Frenchman had my balls. But I heard a rumor. I heard about some guys who wanted to make an exit. With the help of a doctor who knew someone forging passports and stuff. The guy from the police was very interested. It was enough to get me out of there. And after that I sailed out with you guys. Incredible, right? I still can't believe it. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 