Das Boot: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Das Boot 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Das Boot (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 Teil 4. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It’s one thing to die in combat but to die because we have  a passenger, a foreigner is a disgrace - I’m looking for Nathalie. - Let her in. That’s when I told him everything... That I’m Jewish. Frank wanted to buy passports Take the baby and leave. Frank will join you later. He told the firing squad to stand down so he could shoot the kid himself. You made that up. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A parade for King Kong. His real name is Schulz. A homecoming U-boat captain. We survive air raids and destroyer attacks, then this happens here! Fucking French whore! Do as you’re told! Come in. Miss Strasser, thank you for reporting for duty in these awful circumstances This is Mr Brunei, the mayor of La Rochelle. Mr Forster.. As you know, a German military base has been attacked. We are mourning two dead and several injured. In line with the atonement decree 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 100 citizens of La Rochelle have been chosen to be executed in retaliation. The mayor is to cross off the names of those who are essential to the war effort. Of course these gaps will have to be filled with troublemakers, criminals, perverts There are no more registered Jews and communists. He must explain every change in writing. Translate this and hand it to me, please. Mr Brunei will be held by the French police so no one is tipped off. Miss Strasser, please brief the gentlemen. Mr Mayor, come with me. I will explain everything. I approve of retaliation but it must hit the right target Otherwise we too are guilty. We’re endangering our alliance with Vichy. The entire collaboration These scum want to create a rift between the French and Germans Find the perpetrators. I’ll see what I can do. Subtitles: Fred Cipriano sU-Boots S01.E04 "Zweifel" Other names? Do you think I’m God Almighty? They’re innocent people. Are you going along with this, Pierre? Those killed during the attack were innocent too. Let’s go. Yes, put her on. Margot? I'm on may away. Is everything all right? My head aches. I just spoke to the hospital and they said I should go there. Do that. Work can wait. Your health is more important. - What happened? - Come with me. We’ve sedated her. She was conscious briefly. She said your name and your brother’s. Who did this? All I know  is that she’s injured... seriously Her head and lower abdomen. They were Germans We’ve been ordered not to talk about it. - Who is she? - A friend. Does she have family here? No. She doesn’t have anyone. Update. We’re on course for our rendezvous. At our current speed we’ll be there in 21 hours Where’s Petty Officer Maas? Off duty. He’s resting. Good. I’ll be on the bridge. Send him to me when he reports back. How he took on the corvette was impressive A standard engagement. The incident in the forward room is regrettable but overall, the crew did a good job. I think that if you were to signal support for the captain. it would be good for everyone. He would have chickened out, run away like a coward. Only this time he couldn’t. Tennstedt, may I speak openly? You look tired. What are you insinuating? I’m not blind. Pervitin is a strong amphetamine. Let me remind you of something. Remember who helped you when you wanted to return, when your fitness for service was in doubt and you were drinking like a fish. Who had faith in you? All I ask of you is the same  loyalty. You wanted to see me, sir. The dispute between Strasser and you has to end. I heard what he said about your last tour. A hospital ship was sunk? We hadn’t expected it. Captam Hinz thought it a threat. Or so he said. What do you think? It’s irrelevant. I follow orders What about Strasser? Well... we returned to base An hour later Captain Hinz was arrested. Suspended, pending a court martial. You think Strasser denounced him. Who else? I’m brave and loyal. Yet I breathe the same air as that French bastard. How about me? Are you as loyal to me as you were to Hinz? Aye, sir. I was with the First Watch Officer when we sighted the corvette. There’s something  you should know. The two dead were French women. Luckily the Germans were only injured. - There won’t be any executions. - Pardon? What sort of retaliation  is this? The French should fear us. We’re talking about the enemy! Remember what happened after the executions in Nantes. The workers went on strike the economy was paralysed. Afraid? Of a few workers? It’s a matter of perspective. We have a war to win. We can afford neither a strike nor the actions of your men, Schulz. She was just a French whore. Charming. Perhaps some time away from your desk and a spell in the Atlantic might change your view. These men are German heroes. No longer. Now they’re criminals. Enough. We have a list of 100 names. These people will be executed only if there is another incident. which the Gestapo will hopefully prevent. This has been agreed with Field Command. I order you to bring the four sailors to the base where they will stay until your vessel is repaired. Once everything is done, you will set sail. Is that clear? - Yes, sir. - Dismissed. What happened? Bobby Schulz’s men wanted to have some fun. - And Nathalie, the barmaid? - She looks down on us. But she should just have played along. To fight and yell after what happened at the quay! She got a thrashing and now we have to close for a week. Maximilian Ludwig  Tassilo von Haber! You’re a proper nob. Anda a Murwiik boy. I dropped out of officer training. Really? So now you think you’re one of us? You’re a cowardly bastard. Because you don’t respect anything. Not fate not God. But I know your fate. You can't run away from it. That was for Matthias. That was your fault. Shut up! Thorsten... Come here. Show us whose side you’re on. People like him don’t give a shit about us. Here in the forward room we have our own laws. Thorsten, I thought we were friends. Guards, you’re dismissed. I hope you didn’t catch the clap. Go now. I'll... I'll make sure you’re fine. Will she pull through? Anna’s father, my brother, will come back. Field Command announces that the occupying forces will not at this stage exercise their right to retaliate. French people must report any information on the perpetrators of the attack on the naval base. That’s what we tried too. Trotsky. The Krauts aren’t reacting. No arrests, nothing. Just a few more bastards on the streets. And the French? Not reacting either. What now? Miss Simone! - You wanted to see me? - I was worried about you. I was at the hospital. It took longer than I thought. How can I help you? We’re interrogating the workers at the base. No one will be shot for the time being. It wasn’t easy, but Field Command agreed. It’s being announced right now. I need your help, Simone. The records of interrogation of 95 French workers must be translated. I’d like to make a suggestion Shall we talk about it over dinner tonight? Say, at 7? - I’d love to have your company. - At 7, then. We must be careful he doesn’t get an infection. You’re sick too. I once knew an engine room guy on U-711. His hand got caught in the pistons. It was ripped clean off. Then he got gangrene. The whole sub stank of rotting meat. Spare me. Will he make it home? l’d love to give you a different answer but. Look, you seem to know a lot of U-boat stories. I keep my ears open. U-311? Are you in? Raise you. That’s worth more than my stake. I reckson so. How about that? - Are you sure? - Quite sure. May I? Three jacks. Think I wouldn’t notice a rigged pack of cards? You thought you’d cheat a stupid African boy? I’ve only just noticed your big nose. It’s like Pinocchio's. Stop it. Don’t let him provoke you. - Don't talk bullshit. - I thought everyone knew. - Hinz? - Gerhard Hinz. Second Watch Officer on U-127. I knew a guy who served with him. - Dead now? - Unfortunately, yes. He said that everyone knew. About Hinz and his young lads. Is that what he was arrested for? He was caught in a very special brothel. Donitz found out about it and had to make an example of him. - Mission accomplished. - What mission? The captain wanted me to tell you. The captain? What’s up? Are you upset because Hinz didn't lancy you? You are cute! Fuck the Fatherland! You’ll let him get away  with that? You don’t have to react to everything. Is that in your father’s book? This was the first trick. The second follows quick. I have a confession to make. At times I have doubts. What about? Myself. My convictions Then there are moments  like this. Sitting here with you, I feel more confident and strong. Look at the people in the restaurant. Decent people. Reliable. Sumpathique. "Sympathique". I wanted to say that these people prove it's right for us to be here in a liberated France. Free of communists and anarchists. Free of people like this Monroe? The bomb at the docks fits her profile. Political conviction! Political conviction is a cover. Pure hatred drives these people. Hatred? Of Germany. They see order and contentment and seek to destroy it. Miss Simone... I'd like you to work for me. Not just temporarily but officially. As my personal translator. Inspector Forster! Miss Strasser, may I introduce Captain Schulz? Your good taste extends to more than just food. Miss Strasser... my respects. The lobster here is excellent. I’ve had some sent to four of my crew who are indisposed. Have a pleasant evening. Gentlemen, raise your glasses. Schulz sails tomorrow. Unfortunately Berlin still wants its newsreel footage. Somehow I don’t like Schulz. Nor do I and with each day I like him less. Why? He tolerates men who treat women in an un-German way. What did these men do? They beat up a girl in a bar. They will be brought to justice, won’t they? The woman had a dubious  reputation but these heroes think they are above the law. - May I see you home? - Yes, thank you. About your offer... What do you think? Would you like to work for me? I’m glad that you appreciate my work but I don't know that I’m really qualified. - Miss Simone. - Excuse me. Thank you. If I were to work for you, what would the benefits be for me? Well, a higher salary. Civilian clothes. Your own office. How does that sound? Gentlemen, we will soon contact an American vessel. I will ask them to take our injured crewman. Sir, a huge storm is coming in from the south. Then let’s hope we can do this quickly. So... I will ask the American captain to take you on board. Going as a POW is your best chance. Do you understand, Seaman Leudl? The war is over for you. Did you really shoot him? The young sailor under your command who was scared and didn’t obey orders. Did you really shoot him in the face? It wasn’t like that. Is that what the crew think? What do you think? I think we should torpedo them and win the fucking war. So I know what I became a cripple for. I have to talk to you. The American corvette. Could we have avoided contact? An enemy ship attacked us. The crew, the mission, our passenger were in danger. You were on watch. Could we have avoided contact? It was night time. A corvette can barely see a U-boat. But a U-boat can see a corvette unless you’re blind or asleep. Courage is a rare and beautiful thing. We serve the German navy. We follow orders. Face the enemy, rely on each other. Those were your words. We’re on our own out here but we hunt together. A wolf that abandons its pack will be bitten to death. - It's the... - Stop! I expect you to follow orders. Just do your job... First Watch Officer. I know my duty. They’re asking for identification. Answer as agreed. Come with me, Second Watch Officer. - Who else speaks English? - Petty Officer Strasser. He comes too. We don’t need to serve them up all the officers. What the hell is wrong with you? Have you lost your mind? Get below deck at once! You’re finished, Tennstedt. Chief, you’re in command. If we’re not back in an hour, sink the ship. Do you understand? - Do you understand? - Yes, sir. Captain Hoffmann. Take him to the sick bay and then come back here. Wrangel. Strasser! They’re coming back. Full speed ahead. South. Into the storm? - Do it! - Full speed. South. We’re under imminent attack. We’ll sail for base and complete our mission. Two torpedoes. Amidships. - What? - You won’t let them get away? One of my men is on board. He’s injured. Fuck it. Strasser! Find him a bunk. Your captain is lily-livered, right? As you all right? We’ll dive once we’re in the storm. Her condition has deteriorated. She s been delirious. She says things that it would be better not to say. Especially not in front of the Nazis. What about her baby? I can tell when a woman has given birth recently. The baby’s fine. Simone... I don’t think she’ll survive the night. Anna is fine. I’ll take care of her. Subtitles: Fred Cipriano sU-Boots 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 