The Enemy Within: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Enemy Within 
 s1e5 - Havana - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Enemy Within (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Havana - full transcript 
 Once Shepherd convinces Keaton that Anna Cruz is a mole inside the FBI working for Tal, Keaton decides to keep his enemies close. With a fox in their henhouse, Keaton and the team spy on one of their own, hoping Cruz will lead them to Tal. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey there. I heard you coming up the road. Long time since we had anyone over in these parts. I'm Jeanie. I live in the next property over. - Anna. - Moving in or moving out? - I'm sorry? - The boxes. Oh, I'm just keeping some things here for awhile. Were you on a hike? No, we've had some teenagers up in this neck of the woods. You know, drinking and setting fires. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I thought maybe you were one of them. My sister tells me that I should mind my own business, but I like to know what's going on around me, that's all. Do you live by yourself? Uh-huh, yeah, me and my dogs. Would you mind giving me a hand with something, Jeanie? Sure, sure. There's a box there that's too heavy for me to get by myself. Yeah? - That one right there. - This one here? Do you mind just sliding that over to me? Well, that ain't so bad. I know what you did. What's that? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You tried to access classified intelligence on Mikhail Tal after I explicitly told you not to. I didn't try to access those files. Anna Cruz did. - And why would she do that? - Because she's a mole. That intel was a list of every paid informant on Tal. Cruz knew how valuable that would be for him, so I baited her. I dangled the Tal file in front of her because I felt what you're starting to feel now which is doubt. She clawed her way into this building and she clawed her way into you. What's that supposed to mean? You're her target. Can you not see that? She's been manipulating you from the moment she met you. Cruz gained access to this building and to you because she pretended to be a victim in one of the Tal attacks, gathering intelligence for him for weeks. No, you're lying. Twice Tal assassinated multiple CIA operatives to end an investigation into him. Is it really so farfetched that he would plant a mole inside the FBI? If that were true, that means Cruz would've faked her own kidnapping. - Yes. - That means she had a hand in a bombing that killed 14 of her own colleagues. And what about Viktor Nemec? Did he commit suicide or did she kill him right here in this building to prevent him from talking? This is so hard to believe, what I'm telling you is true. Cruz works for Tal. Will, what are you doing here? Is everything okay? I'm sorry, is this a bad time? Uh, no. I'm just surprised to see you here, that's all. Did you want to come in? Sure. How you been, Anna? I'm good. Why? I've just been worried about you. - Why are you worried about me? - I don't know. I mean, it's only been about a month since the bombing and I just wanted to make sure you're okay. That's sweet of you, but I'm fine. I didn't make a mistake bringing you into the FBI to work with me? No. Will, working with you has been the only thing that's kept me sane. Good. I'm gonna make some tea. Do you want some? - Sure. - Okay. Nice place. Thank you! How long have you lived here? Uh, two years. Here you go. It's not tea but I thought a drink sounded better anyway. Don't you think? I do. Mmm. I feel bad you trekked across town to check on me. You could've just called. I wanted to see you. - Why did you want to see me? - To see what I needed to do to help you. You've already helped so much. Letting me investigate Tal it's helped me in ways you can't imagine. Something's bothering you. What makes you say that? Just a hunch, I guess. I just keep thinking about all the damage that Tal has done. It's not just the lives that he takes, it's the people he leaves behind that suffer too. Me, you. I know what you've been doing, Anna. The first one in the office every morning, last one to leave. Work is supposed to be a distraction, it's not a cure. You're right. But for now, it gives me solace being able to hunt the man down that killed my friends. The man who killed Laine. I was waiting to tell you about a lead I found until I had more to show you. But since you're here... What is it? Uh, I was looking into Viktor Nemec's financials and I saw that he had a PO box in Elkins, West Virginia that he rented. Nemec lives in New York. Why would he have a PO box in West Virginia? Exactly my question, but what was intriguing was the timing. He rented it out one month before the Wall Street bombing. So you think that the PO box has some type of connection to Tal? If it's okay with you, I'd like to find out. Then go ahead. I'd be curious to see what comes out of it. Thanks for coming by, Will. It's comforting to know I have a friend like you. Have a good night. Good night. Daniel, call the team and have them meet at my place in 20 minutes. We have a breach. You're sure Cruz is working for Tal? She was flagged trying to access some confidential files on him. The only reason why she'd want that type of intelligence is if she was reporting it back to him. You set up a sting? Not me. Shepherd. Wait, Shepherd? And you trust her? At first, no, but I confirmed it for myself when I went to go see Cruz earlier tonight. She was nervous, she was on edge, and she was trying to get a read on me. Trying to manipulate me. You should've seen her apartment. It was void of any type of personal effects as if it was staged. Cruz has access to our files, our investigation, she'd been using the computers. We'll have to sweep the whole office. Years of intel is compromised. - Not everything. - No, everything. We don't know what Cruz saw, so we have to assume she saw everything. And whatever Cruz knows, Tal knows. I'm sorry, look, we cannot just throw away our entire investigation. We have to find out what she got, we have to alert the CIA. No, no, I don't trust anybody right now. We're gonna keep this between us. - Until we arrest her. - We're not arresting her. If we arrest Cruz, she'll refuse to talk and we'll get nothing out of her. But if we let her continue to think that her cover is still intact, she'll keep spying for Tal. We'll be able to track her movements, her operations. We'll know who she's communicating with and how she's communicating with them. Cruz is an asset to us now. We need to use her as one. Good morning. You're at my desk. I've got some good news. There's been a development in the Wall Street bombing. We need to question you again, are you up for that? - Absolutely. - Good. Daniel is waiting for you in the SCIF room now. In the SCIF room? Must have some pretty good intel. You said it. I didn't. Hey, Jacquie. Keaton sent me over for another interview. You know the drill. SCIF rules same as at Langley. No electronics of any kind inside. Cell lockers are over there. Anna. Please, have a seat. Maybe if you told me the new intel, I could be of more help. I'm sorry. I haven't been authorized to read you in, so... Let's, uh... let's go over your timeline again. So after you left the conference room, where did you go? Down the hall to accounting. And you were on your way there when the bomb went off? Yes. Do you think that one small act saved your life? I guess I was lucky. - How's it coming? - Almost done. I already archived a copy of her call log and text history. - Have you flagged anything? - A few international calls and some incoming calls from blocked numbers. Keep at it. You know, reliving that day can be painful, but going over the details can have results. I understand. - It's interesting. - What? I've spoken with a lot of victims in this job. I've seen people at their absolute worst moments. You hold trauma far better than most. I don't know about that. No, it's true. You're strong and steady. A lot of people in your position aren't. I guess after seeing your parents killed in front of you at five years old... nothing really shocks you. Hm. Kate. Anything? Not yet, but Bragg is still tailing her. If Cruz calls anyone, we'll be able to hear everything on the clone phone. Hey, it's me. Cruz is making a call. We're on it. It's Cruz. What? Anna, what's up? Hey, Will. You have a minute? It's about the other night. Sure. I followed up on the PO box of Nemec's. It's linked to an address in West Virginia. 8974 Kinsey Road. The property's been foreclosed for years, but maybe Nemec could've been using it. This could be the lead on Tal we've been looking for. Okay, well maybe I can have a team go out there and check it out. You could, but look, this might turn out to be nothing. I was thinking you and I could take a trip up there first. See for ourselves if anything's out there. - You mean, just you and I? - Yeah. What do you say? I'll drive. When do we leave? Will, you can't do this. You can't go on a recon alone with a Tal operative. I back out now, she'll suspect I'm on to her. You could think of an excuse to get out of this. You want to go with her. Why? Because you think you can flip her? Is she right, Will? Yes. I know it's unlikely. Unlikely? Are you kidding? But what if it works? Imagine the intelligence we'll have on Tal. We could end him. What if you can't flip her? I've been waiting for evidence to confirm this, but I think I know how Cruz might be connected to Tal. She was adopted from an orphanage in Havana, and at the same time, that orphanage received a cash transfer from a Russian bank that we've recently linked to Tal. So you think Cruz's adoption is connected to Tal. I don't think that she was coerced into this life. I think it is possible that Tal has groomed her for this since she was a little girl, and if so, that kind of loyalty, that personal history, it doesn't break easily. Money, ideology, coercion, ego. That's what motivates people to spy. Cruz is no different. I'm gonna tear down that cover that's she's built for herself and find out exactly what drives her, and then I'm gonna use that to turn her against Tal. - Yes? - We need to talk. Location B. 15 minutes. What's wrong? Your source at the Iranian Embassy's been made. - Shadi? - We caught operatives from the Ministry of Intelligence following her on surveillance. We think the target of her operation, Hamid Farzan, was the one who discovered her. - Let's get her out. - Absolutely not. Kellerman wants you on the next flight back to Dulles. I have orders to drive you there myself. - They'll kill her. - And they'll kill you if you try to help. - No, I can't leave her. - No. This is not a choice, okay? We need to go. No, no! I will get to her before they do! You are asking her to betray her friends, her family, to become a traitor to her own country. You don't have time. You're gonna risk your life for someone, and you don't even know if it's gonna work. She'll go. Heads up. There's Cruz right now. Hey, Keaton, we got eyes on Cruz. She's headed your way. Will. Will. Please don't do this. Please... because once you get in that car, there's no turning back. There's nothing I wouldn't do to catch Tal. You know that. Hey. Hey. So you ready to go? Yep, let's do it. Shadi. We have to leave now. You've been made. - What? How? - There's no time to explain. We have to go. What about my family? Shadi, now. They're coming. Let go of me. Shadi. There's a passport and money in the glove compartment. Get to Hamburg and you'll be safe. I don't know if I can do this. - You have to. - What's gonna happen to Hamid? It's not your concern. They will kill you if you stay. Go. Thank you. Be well. You ever been out here before? To West Virginia? Just for work. You? Once or twice. Bragg. 8974 Kinsey Road looks clear. I just swept the inside and checked the perimeter. All right, good to hear, but you better pull back. Keaton and Cruz are about five miles away. Copy that. I need to stop for gas. - How much further? - Not far. Let me ask you a question. Who else do you talk to? About what? The bombings, kidnapping. Who do you share that stuff with? I don't talk to anyone about that. Not even your friends or your family? There's a therapist that the agency set me up with. And you've helped so much. But, honestly, most of my friends died in the bombing. And my family's been gone for years. I'm sorry. How old were you when they died? Young. I'm the same, actually. I never really had many friends growing up, not even family. Really? Well, I wouldn't have guessed it. We're a lot more alike than you think. What happened to your family? Never knew my father, my mother died when I was two. Who raised you? The State of Pennsylvania. Yeah, I was brought up in the foster care system, bounced from house to house. I've always been alone. Till I meant Laine. Her parents took me in like I was one of their own. Actually, it was the first time I felt like I belonged somewhere. I have someone in my life like that. Yeah, who? - My Tio. - Your uncle? He's not really my uncle. I just call him that. - Why's that? - He and his wife adopted me when I was ten. She got sick and passed away soon after. But he never gave up on me. You know, I never thought I'd find a home either. Then Tio brought me here and changed my life. And he still does to this day. They're on the move. Let's go. Pretty secluded out here. Yeah, kind of creepy. Glad you came with me. You just past it. No, it's 9874 Kinsey Road. You said it was 8974. Ah, that's my bad. Should be just a little further. - Damn. - What? Cruz just drove by the destination. - Well, where is she going? - I don't know. Something's not right. Hey, Kate. It's Bragg. Cruz just drove by the destination. I can track Keaton's GPS from his cell. Where is she taking him? - We're here. - This is it? I need to see what's up there. You know, I think you were right about Nemec using this property. Why do you say that? Before he committed suicide, he talked to Daniel. Nemec flipped? What did he say? Not much, unfortunately. He said he had some information about the Wall Street bombings, but he didn't offer a lot of specifics. But he did say something about a place... Havana? He said it was at the center of the highest levels of Tal's U.S. operations. That mean anything to you? No, not at all. Yeah, no worries. We'll figure it out. Let's go. Where the hell did they go? I have a question. After all that Nemec did, why would you trust anything he said? Well, you can never really tell if he's lying or not. But we offered him a deal... A good deal actually. And, uh... What? And it was something about the way that he was near the end, defeated like he knew his fate and he had just given up. I believe him. What's the new intel you have on Tal? Can you tell me? Nah, I can't do that. Come on, we're in the middle of the woods. Nobody will hear a thing. I will. Answer me this, are we any closer to finding Tal? I feel closer to Tal than I ever have before. Just think about it. What's that? How proud Laine would be. Everything okay? - Yeah, everything's fine. - Any problems? No. You know, uh, you were asking about that new intel we had on Tal. Yes? We were following one of his colleagues. Old partner from back in the day. He went dark years ago, and we finally tracked him down. - Sounds promising. - Oh, yeah, it is. It is if he can give us the inside view into Tal's network, he could be incredibly valuable. Do you think he'll make a deal like Nemec did? He can walk away and start over. New identity, new job. Second chance at life. I don't believe in second chances. Isn't that what your Tio gave you? He gave me much more than that. Why do I get the feeling you're testing me? We're just talking. - What are you doing? - Did you hear that? - I didn't hear anything. - I did. Maybe you should walk ahead of me. - Why? - You're the one with the gun. We can't hold off. His life is in danger. Keaton can make his own decisions. Not safe ones and not when it comes to Tal and you know that. At this point, taking risks is the only way Keaton's gonna get out alive. Have you lost sight of the fact that Keaton is the only reason you're able to see your daughter? If you have any hope of seeing her again, you better pray he comes back safe. I know you extracted Shadi, despite your orders not to. I'll pay whatever consequences the Agency deems necessary. And you'd do it again, wouldn't you? In a heartbeat. That's what I thought. Open it. Eight hours ago contract killers tracked down Shadi and shot her to death. I'm sorry, Erica. Guard, I need to speak with Agent Ryan. It's urgent. This is it? Good thing we didn't drag the whole team out here. Yeah, let's take a look. You brought me here so she could ask about an asset that was killed ten years ago? No, I brought you here because my boss's life is in danger and she thinks that you can help. So listen to her. In Prague, you withheld something from me. I felt it then, but I know it now. Shadi had a passport, cash, and an exit strategy. She was safe. How did they track her down? Shadi never crossed the border. She never even made it out of the city. We found her body a few blocks away from where you left her. - What happened? - She went to see him. Hamid. The State Official she was spying on. We think they were waiting for her there and then they killed her. And for years I have asked myself why she went back. I... I can't explain it. I can. Guess we should start looking. Yeah, let's do it. Kate, I know you know my coordinates, but you need to stand down. I know how to turn Cruz. - Shepherd? - Listen to me. You have to tell her who she is to you. There's a bigger reason that you've wanted to turn her Keaton and you know it. Since the bombing, she's not just someone that you saved from Tal, but she's someone that has reminded you of Laine. You need to tell her that. Why? Because any asset that's effective enough to get under your skin had to have left herself vulnerable too. Keaton, you are under her skin. This is working both ways. Use that. Drop the gun, Keaton. Now! Drop it! Okay, all right, hey. You got it. I'll drop the gun. I'll drop it. Sit down in that chair. You know you're on your own, right? Nobody's coming for you. Quiet! You're just as disposable to Tal as I am. He knows you've been made, how come he's not here to protect you? Where is he? He should have pulled you out by now. Anna, I can protect you. How? By sending me to live in WITSEC in North Dakota? No, thanks. Better than spending the rest of your life in a cell or dead. This is pointless! I could never trust you. Yes, you can. Yes, you can. I'll keep my word. Not everything I said was a lie. I know that. Not everything I said was a lie, either. The truth is, is that you've always reminded me of Laine. From the moment I saw you. I was just drawn to you. I believed that you wanted to make a difference in the world same way Laine did. It's not your fault that Tal manipulated you from a young age. You wanted to be a part of something bigger than yourself. And you still can. So this is what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna take you to a safe house right now. You'll be able to start a whole new life there. But first I need you to put that gun down. That's it. That's it. You're okay. Stay with me. Chigorin. Drop your gun. Drop your gun. Don't do it. Put it down. You were right, Will. She planted enough evidence in here to send us down a rabbit hole for the next year at least. - The sniper? - Ray Fontaine. Former military, known associate of Tal. We caught a mole, Will. Still doesn't feel like a win. Because she wasn't who you thought she was? No, because I think I could have turned her. - Kate. - Hi. - Everything okay? - Yes. I just wanted to apologize for earlier. Um, sometimes I can get bullheaded, uh... I just wanted you to know, at the end of the day, it's because I'm being protective. I know. Still, I had no right to question how you run an operation. No, no. It's important to me for you to always give me your honest opinion. Just maybe not so many times. Deal. Good. - Okay. - All right. - Have a good night. - Good night, Kate. I'm sorry it didn't work out the way you hoped, Agent Keaton. Yeah, I am too. But Cruz's cell phone is still connected to Tal's mesh network. If we can crack it, it could be the biggest break yet in this investigation. How did you know that Cruz reminded me of Laine? I saw it, I think. I learned a valuable lesson running assets for the CIA. They're always more effective when they can tap into a target's weakness. Cruz knew that yours was Laine, and she exploited it, but what Tal didn't count on was how weak and susceptible her loss left her. We're all only human, Keaton. She did mention something. It was a name. Chigorin. Does that mean anything to you? No. Good night, Shepherd. Good night, Agent Keaton. Are you proud, Agent Keaton? Tal. You saw Anna for what she was but not before she gave me what I wanted. You had somebody on the inside. It ended tonight. What makes you think she's the only one? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 