Bounty Hunters: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bounty Hunters 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bounty Hunters (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 Talked out of avenging his brother's death Angel heads to England, but has no idea how close he comes to the woman whose blood he is looking to spill. Barnaby, Leah and Nina are taken in for questioning at just the wrong moment. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Blood antiquities are being looted from Syria by jihadist militants. - We are not hiring a bounty hunter. - Where's Nina Morales? - Dad's done a runner from hospital. - Well, I bet you're surprised to see me up and about. - Sit. - For someone who said he'd been in a coma, Nigel had a lot of energy. - You're a launderer. - These men are soldiers. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 They're fighting a holy war and God help anyone who gets in their way. - Dad! - I shot a guy from a cartel. You happy? - Over the bloody moon! Hey, hey. Cigarette? - God. - Who the hell is this Misha LaBois? - Misha LaBois, he's an actor. Well, he was. He was in those superhero films then had some kind of a breakdown, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 started doing performance art. - He's actually really misunderstood. - Right, so, the kidnappers want half a million pounds. - They wanted 50,000 pounds, you offered half a million. - I didn't offer them anything. - Yes, you did. - You did! - Right, don't do that. - Did, did, did, did! - Leah. - Hey, hey, hey! Do you know what these jihads are gonna do to my mom when they start hearing her drop mazel tovs and mitzvahs. - Mitzvahs. - Whatever. Can we just sell a statue, please, already? - What I'm trying to do. Okay, so, we know LaBois is willing to pay 450,000 pounds. Add that to our 50,000 pounds - 40. - No, we have 50. - No, minus my family's airfare. - 10 grand? My God. Did you fly them business? - First. Anyway, we get this wacko to fork over 460 and we're all good. - I can get a better deal, trust me. I have a client, but I have to go alone. He's a bit edgy. - Right, is your client Black Harry from the pub? - Black Barry, no. Baz is doing a cheeky two stretch for nicking geese. - All right, that's not happening. - Okay, I've asked you this before. Would you please not smoke marijuana in my bedroom? - Mind palace, mate. Sherlock Holmes smoked bare herb. - Firstly, he took cocaine. Secondly, he's fictional. Thirdly, we're not having this. - All right. All right, enough. Sherlock, go get the statue. Watson, wind up the clown car, let's move. - Baal, god of thunderstorms. Bronze. Probably second century BC. I sold this to Webb Sherman. - Mr. Sherman gave us the provenance. If you would talk us through it. - Right, well, I bought this from a gentleman at a private auction in London and he inherited it from his uncle who'd bought the statue from here a shop in Zurich which shut 30 years ago. And he bought the statue in Damascus in the '50s. - London, 2017. Zurich, 1983. Damascus, 1956. So, how is it that all of these documents were written on the same typewriter? Your typewriter? - Detective Suleiman, my client discharged himself from intensive care and you had a duty to get him a clinical assessment. So, did you? Then your evidence is inadmissible and this interview is now over. - One last thing. Does Webb Sherman know that you're sleeping with his wife? - Look at those calves. - Could've walked right out of a Caravaggio. - We may have a problem. - Careful, this statue is very delicate. - Guys, I know how we can get the ransom money. People are lining up at Wimbledon tennis right now. We can sell them lemonade. - You're even dumber than you look and you look real dumb. - Nina, he's just trying to help. - I'm sorry. I'm sorry, baby, you know what? You go sell them lemonade, all right? Take Sofia with you. - What did I do? - Can I get some money to buy lemons? - Go, please. Do you know how to make lemonade? - No way can he afford a lawyer like that. - Well, it's the old boys' network, innit? Probably on the same Quidditch team. - Flag him with Border Force. If he tries to get on a plane, I wanna put the cuffs on him myself. - Suleiman, a word? - Don't let Walker out of your sight. - Complaint from Nigel Walker's brief. - Walker, the statues, the Shermans. Connect the dots and you've got millionaires funding terrorism. - I can't protect you and the unit. So for our sake, just drop it. - Can't believe I used to let Sofia watch this creep on the Disney Channel. - My last performance piece, "Penance". Stood in Times Square and invited members of the public to kick me in the testicles. - Crikey. - The line went back five blocks. - Ouch. - I won't be able to have children. - I'm more of a "Dogs Playing Poker" kinda gal. - Do you know how long it takes for a testee to descend from your abdomen? - Well, we should, um-- - You're with me, buddy. Come on! - Do you mind me asking what you actually plan on doing with the statue? - After "Penance", I was on a shit-ton of morphine. I had this vision. Two babes, big fake tits. American flag bikinis. Hammering a Syrian statue to bits. 'Cause, like, ISIS and America, like, the same, man. And I might just, like, delete the footage and be, like, "Did that even happen?" Fake news, man! - But, I mean, you're smashing an ancient relic. - You and me both, buddy. - What? No, it's not like that. - Let's do this deal! - Go get the sledgehammer and the bikinis! I don't think I can go through with this. - It's art. - Art is not anything that happens in a big white room. - We need to remember why we're here. You wanna see your mother again? - Yo, Paddington, catch! - Show me my statue. - Leah. - Hey, what's wrong,? - I packed these bags once before. Do you remember? You abandoned me. - Um, I was in a coma. - I cannot trust you, Nigel. - Monica, I'm sticking my neck out for you. Monica. If I make this deal... you and I can make a fresh start. Just you and me? Isn't that what you want? Look, I'm at the hotel in an hour so why don't I slip out of your husband's briefs and pop back into bed for round two? Don't know why but that sounded sexier in my head. - Hello? - Soﬁa, it's Foster. Where are you? Where's Nina? - We're in London. - Jesus. Listen to me. Angel Florez is coming to London. - Sofia, I'm gonna call you back, okay? All right, bye. Um, I'm gonna tell you something and you are not going to panic. Just try to calm down, okay? - Calm down! Nina, my mother is currently being held hostage and now, just to crank this shit-shower up to a torrential downpour you tell me that you've lost your game of hide-and-seek with a bloody cartel! - We'll burn those bridges when we get to them, okay? - I'm not even going to point out why that is a very ominous slip of the tongue! - Do you think that I like running? Dammit! Jesus. - I'm sorry. That was insensitive of me. We're in this together. - Sorry about your car. - It's fine. The old G Wiz is a lot sturdier than she looks. - Wanker! - Call Leah. Tell your hoity-toity, skinny-ass crack whore sister that if she don't give that statue back I'm gonna make her wish she was the one that was kidnapped. - I might paraphrase slightly. - What? What us it, What? - That stupid girl used my Uber account. - I'm gonna die. In the East End. - Have faith. - If Nina wants to find a needle in a haystack she'll burn down the barn. Oy, she was always a terror. One time, a boy at school, Bobby Russo, made her sister cry. Nina held him down in a sandpit. He swallowed a pound of sand. They had to pump his stomach. - Leah was always trying to drown Barnaby when they were toddlers. - Toddlers? Nina was 18. Bobby Russo was a high school triple jumper. - And you've got another daughter? Carolina. She was Sofia's mom. - Is she-- - Don't schvitz over her. She'll be out there looking after number one. Now, my Nina, she's loyal. - Hello, my name's Barnaby Walker. I'm looking for my sister, Leah Walker. Slim, brown hair-- - Sly, feral looking. Kinda broad you wouldn't trust with your son. - We have a room under Nigel Walker. - So she's taking the statue to your dad. - Well, at least he's decided to help. Why didn't they tell me? - 'Cause they're snakes, Barnaby. Dirty scheming snakes. No offense. - I know it's not a hip thing to say, but I love a bit of Manilow. - Jesus! - Do it! - Do what? - Hit him! Jesus, Barnaby! - Sorry. I'm so sorry, so sorry! - The Magpie wants to fuck with Los Cardenas? Big mistake, bitch. - Who the hell is the Magpie? - Woo! - You did it, kid. - We gotta get him outta here. - The maids' trolley. One of us could pretend to be a member of staff. I'll turn around if you want to get changed. - Because obviously it's gonna be me? - No, it's just that you're a-- - Second class citizen? Hey, maybe I could clean a couple a toilets first. You know, get into character? Is that how you want me? Check your goddamn privilege. - I just meant a man in a maid's tabard might look quite odd. - And now you're gonna lash out at the trans community? You are showing your true colors today, Barnaby. - I just saved your life. - Fine, whatever. But when you have to play up to your stereotype we'll see how much you like it! - Well, if I ever have to get us out of a situation by dressing up as a member of the landed gentry, I'll take it on the chin. - Meet me at the service entrance. You coulda totally worn this! Ass. - I'm meeting the Shermans. - This way, sir. - You're late. - One lobster, two forks. - I'm famished. I could murder-- - He's fine. - You left me high and dry with those statues. - We were under suspicion. - You still are, old boy. And unfortunately, Detective Suleiman regards me as her key witness. - Obviously we'll continue to pay your legal fees. - And she'll offer me immunity. I'd like a little house in Ibiza. Old Town, naturally. Little running-away fund. Enough to keep me in Rioja. Listen, if I talk, your whole world comes crashing down. No more galas. No more weekends away with Andrew Lloyd Webber. And you can kiss goodbye to those little blue ticks on Twitter. Yep. The only thing standing between you and oblivion is me. I'll have the turbot. - Don't worry, I'll get rid of him. - You mean, like, drive him to the airport? God, you're not seriously gonna-- - I got no choice. - No, Nina! - Do you have any idea what these people are gonna do to you? - Just let me think for a moment, please. - They know where I am. They know who you are. It's kill or be killed. - No. - Yes, Barnaby. - No, I. - Barnaby. Barnaby! Barnaby! Stop! Hey! Hey! Stop! I'm not asking you to help, kid. This is on me. - You can't kill him. - Would you keep your voice down. - Nina, this will only make things worse. - What would you like me to do? Reason with him? - I don't know, yes. Reason with him. - The only reason why I'm in this mess is because I helped your Judas-ass sister. - I know. I know how much you did for her, and for me. But this week, it's like I've lost all of my bearings. Everything I took for granted. My dad's a crook, I'm lying to the police. And now you're asking me to stand by and let you murder someone. - Barnaby. I'm just trying to protect my family. - I know you are. But if you kill him, you're no better than he is. We don't kill people. We're the goodies. - Yeah, we're the goodies. Fuck. - Where's Dad? - Dad? Swiveling on a dick for all I care. Hey, what? - We know he booked this room. Where is he? Leah, well? - I used his card, numb nuts. - Stop lying to me, Leah. I am part of this family! If you are helping him-- - My God, do you really think he gives a toss about us? - Start talking, Leah. - It's not a big deal! Okay. Listen. Dad asked me to work with him. When? - Maybe a year ago. Dad was buying those statues for these creepy twins, the Shermans. - The two douchebags from the auction. - Yeah, and then they dropped out of the deal and dad went to pieces. So, it was all on me. I know this dealer. - You don't know any art dealers. - A drug dealer, Rafael Munoz. Remember him, Nina? You shot him in the face? - Don't get smart with me. - Rafael's cartel was in the shit. So I make him a deal. The statues are worth at least five million dollars. I said I'd sell them to the cartel for two million. - What, they're art connoisseurs now, are they? - Collateral, right? - Right. It's what dealers do when they don't have a lot of cash lying around. - How do you know about all of this? - I read it in Vice. - The mind boggles. - So the cartel swaps the statues for coke, they sell the coke for a profit, they buy back the statues and pay you off. - And we're home free. - So you're the Magpie? - Yeah. They love all that shit with the nicknames. The other option was the White Swan, but I thought it sounded like a gastro pub. Now I am meeting a dude from the cartel called Eduardo. Barnaby, why do you look like you just followed through on a fart? - This place is a zoo. I don't even know what gate I'm looking for. I told you to put Walker on a watch list. I did, ma'am, Border Force took him off it. They got the all-clear. - From who? - Someone from Special Crime Command, that's all I know. - Monica Sherman. - Sir, Mrs. Sherman's still not checked in. - Okay. - Yield, brother. - Webb. I want to come home. - My lawyers will be in touch with a reasonable offer. Take it. Adultery does not play well in court. - please make your way to gate 17 immediately. - Could be them. Hey, hey! - This is the Magpie. No, the Magpie does not require a turndown service. - it's a fantastic sight. Wimbledon fans watching the game out on Henman Hill. Or is it Murray Mound? I forget. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 