Bounty Hunters: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bounty Hunters 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bounty Hunters (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ Uh, one two, one two, uh, uh ♪ ♪ It's bigger than hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop, hip ♪ ♪ It's bigger than hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop ♪ ♪ One thing 'bout music when it hit you feel no pain ♪ ♪ White folks say it controls your brain ♪ ♪ I know better than that, that's game ♪ ♪ And we ready for that ♪ ♪ Two soldiers head of the pack ♪ ♪ Matter fact, who got the gat ♪ ♪ And where my army at? ♪ ♪ Rather attack than not react ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Back to beats, ♪ ♪ It don't reflect on how many records get sold ♪ ♪ On sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll ♪ ♪ Whether your project's put on hold ♪ ♪ In the real world; these just people with ideas ♪ ♪ They just like me and you ♪ ♪ When the smoke and camera disappear ♪ ♪ Again the real world; ♪ ♪ It's bigger than all these fake-ass records ♪ ♪ When poor folks got the millions ♪ ♪ And my woman's disrespected ♪ ♪ If you check one two ♪ ♪ My word of advice to you is just relax ♪ ♪ Just do what you got to do; ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ If that don't work then kick the facts ♪ ♪ If you a fighter, rider, biter, ♪ ♪ Flame-ignitor, crowd-exciter ♪ ♪ Or you wanna just get high then just say it ♪ ♪ But then if you a liar-liar, pants on fire, ♪ ♪ Wolf-crier, agent with a wire ♪ ♪ I'm gon' know it when I play it ♪ ♪ It's bigger than hip-hop, hip-hop, hip-hop, hip ♪ (suspenseful music) - Nobody move! - Stand up! - Hey, hey, we're cool baby. - I aint your baby, stand up. Stand up! Hands up where I can see 'em! Who else is here? - Nobody. - Where's Raphael Nunez? - Who is Raphael Nunez? - You're in his apartment. - I swear I don't know no Raphael, it's just me and my girl. (gun shots fire) (woman screams) - Fuck! - Oh my god! - This is Nina Morales, bail enforcement, I got a 10-34, requesting dispatch. Two dead males. Hey, the cops are gonna be here in six minutes, wanna stick around? Both males are latino, I repeat, the deceased are not white. Get yourself cleaned up, sport you a half hour. (gentle upbeat music) (students laughing) (car engine starts) - [Lecturer] As students of historical textiles, you'll know that the natural secretions from your skin damage fabric so you have to be very careful when touching cloth. (students giggle) You must, must remember to wash your hands. Acid free paper should be laid down (phone ringing) On a large, empty, flat surface before you begin to remove the textile from it's protective wrapping. (solemn music) (knock at door) - [Barnaby] Hey. - Oh, hey. - I, er, grabbed some things of the top of the washing machine. - Oh, fresh clothes, you're a star! - How is he? - Not bad for a man who's fallen out of a window. - What was he doing? - Well at least it's quieter than A&E;, well, until your sister gets here. - I thought she was traveling? - Oh, she was so sweet, she insisted that I brought her a ticket home. Barnaby, these are all Leah's clothes. - No, they're not. - Can you see me in these? - Mum. - Oh, now I said I'd lend Penelope the trestle table for the WI bake off, I think it's in your fathers shop, can you find it for me? - Mum, you're gonna need help. - So you'll find the trestle table? - (sighs) Yes. (phone ringing out) (knock at door) - Barnaby, your mother said you'd lend me a trestle table. Barnaby? - [Leah Over Voicemail] I never check my messages so it's your own life that you're wasting. - Leah, it's me. Some money of dads has gone missing. Now, I'm trying to accuse anyone of anything but before you went away you did make quite a lot of jokes about breast augmentation. I assumed you were trying to make me feel uncomfortable, which I was, but if you weren't joking, spending money that we really don't have on those sort of luxuries is, erm, I'll just refer to your breasts as luxuries, I feel uncomfortable again. Leah, just call me back. Ah! (gentle upbeat music) - Man, that holding cell was nasty. Oh god, I stink. - You know that guy you shot? Raphael Nunez, Mexican national, no papers. - So what do I get? A trip to the White House? Bottle of Trump vodka? What? Hey, I got my man, dead or alive. - I don't think it's the state department you gotta worry about. His friend, recognize him? Dante Flores, his fathers Alejandro Flores, the head of the Los Cardenas cartel. - Ah, fuck me. What the hell was he doin' here? - Layin' low, cost the cartel a cocaine factory. - He was a rat? - He was an idiot. The DEA tracked his location on social media, wasn't completely his fault, he was re-tweeted by Sean Penn. - Jeez, so he aint employee of the month. - I don't think Los Cardenas is gonna see it like that, you need to disappear for awhile, Nina. I can get you out of jail, I can't get you out of the morgue. - Right. - 50 grand. - Lookin' for Nige. - I'm afraid he's off at the moment. - Oh, you work here, yeah? - Well, I'm his son. - Right, well then. Mr. Walker asked me to source him a statue, bronze, very rare, it's sat in me haddock. - I beg your pardon? - Haddock and bloater. Motor. - Oh. - My van. - Oh, right! Yes, of course, the old motor. Do you want a hand with it? - Well I'd rather you pay for it. - Oh, of course. What's the damage? - 50 grand, cash. - Right. Whilst my father has every confidence in me, I'm not technically in charge so-- - What's the problem? Didn't you put your big boy pants on this mornin'? - No, big boy pants very much on. It's just that I, I wouldn't feel comfortable-- - With what? Nigel's got a collector willin' to pay 250 grand for these. - Golly! - Look, if Nigel's got cold feet, least he could do is tell me to my face. - Oh, it's really like that. - It's no skin off my nose mate, there's plenty of dealers want these statues. It's just a shame, I thought Nigel was one of the good guys. - Wait! - Auntie Nina, (speaking in foreign language) - What don't you understand about in this apartment we speak English. - Okay, grandma. You tell her, in English, what you wanna do. - I wanna change our name. - She wants to change Morales. - Being Puerto Rican never did you no good, so we're Jews for Jesus now. - Ma, you're as Jewish as Mardis Gras. - Tell her the name you want. - So I was thinking, Brumphman. (speaking in foreign language) - Ma! - Hey, it's classy, we could be doctors! - Guys, do you know how many things are made with pork? I mean, we're talkin' wieners, ribs, pulled pork. (speaking in foreign language) - Don't say I, we say oi. - Don't you have shift tonight? - I'm gonna quit, seriously, if assholes could fly, that place would be an airport. - Sophia, you gotta learn to stick it out, okay? I can't carry you forever. - There are other bars. - Talkin' about bars, how was your night in jail, sweetheart? - Did you join a gang? - Oh, listen ma, I gotta go away for a minute. - On business? - Yep. - [Grandma] You hear that Pancho? Nina got a big job outta town. I'm so proud of you. - These are jolly nice. Erm, does he come with a receipt? I appreciate the faintly irregular nature of this transaction but say a customer were to start asking questions about the statues provenience. - You keep your mouth shut, don't ya? - Yes. Honor amongst, erm, antiques dealers, Mr.? - Smith. - Of course. - How's that, treacle? - Perfect. - Ah, you can't park here. - Jog on, grandma. - Hey, dipshit! Jesus, what happened to your face? - Oh, I got punched defending the shop from a gang. - A likely story, do you want a lager? - Leah, it's 11 o'oclock. - I'm on New York time. - In which case, it's six a.m. - I got your message by the way about my luxuries and don't worry, I took the hint, why mess with perfection, right? But, I did find a very clever surgeon who was able to give me the vagina of my dreams. - [News Reporter] Islamic State militants gleefully wrecking priceless, ancient artifacts. - Barnaby, I'm teasing you. - [News Reporter] There are also reports that they sell antiquities to fund terror, though UK experts are adamant no legitimate dealer would ever touch any such plundered material. - [Leah] Barnaby? (swords clashing together) (Man screams out on anger) - Detective Suleiman, my apologies, you caught me crossing swords with my brother. - [Woman] Last week, a woman in Florida found this in her new fridge. - I thought we explained all this? - Not to me. - Well, we sell refrigerators. - The fridge magnets? (men laugh) - I'm using tabloid bon mot. - We ship the statue to our Miami palazzo on a freight rate containing 2,000 fridges, there must of been some confusion aboard the ship. Heads will roll. - Mr. Sherman, could you tell me where you brought the statue from? - The certificate of provenience. - Nigel Walker? - Mr. Walker is a highly respected antiques dealer. - You ever seen this man? - No, I assure you any man wearing boot cut jeans would not be allowed to step foot in this house. - Blood antiquities are being looted from Syria by Jihadist militants, smuggled over here and sold on the black market. Now I think people like this man are conning respectable dealers into selling them on the open market. - Do I detect the acrid scent of conjecture? - I detect the scent of something. - (scoffs) Look, we just want you to let us know if you see anything suspicious. (machines whirring) - Oxidizing suits, they cold compress the muscles and rejuvenate the skin, McConaughey, told us about them in Napa. - Now that mans body is work of art. - We've got to call the police. - No, we don't. - I just thought, you know, dads in a bit of jam so he's cutting a few corners, I made an honest mistake. - They're not gonna believe anyone could be that stupid, you're doing a PhD in History of Art. - In 17th century Flemish textiles! You're making me sound like an idiot! - One statue? You're in charge of the shop for a week and you end up Crowdfunding ISIS. - Sorry, remind me what your last job was? Remembering community service doesn't count. - As much as I love career advice from a man who's been at university for like, all of Obama, we have a war crime in our kitchen! And something tells me we're not getting a refund with a receipt that's written on the back of a betting slip. (upbeat music) - All right, 'guv? I'm, er, lookin' for a geezer who bets in your, er, gaff. About yay high, tattoos, drives a white van? I think his surname was Smith. (man snorts) Oh god! We're gonna have to go to the police. - I'm gonna throw a little curve ball at you. In New York, I met a bounty hunter. - Right, where is this going? - She's called Nina, absolute dude, she was telling me about skip tracing, how they find guys like this Smith douche bag, let's ask her how we get our money back. Have you got a better idea? - Hi, erm, where can I go tonight for $200? - I got Cleveland, Ohio or the Democratic Republic of the Congo. - I'll take the Congo. (phone rings) Hello? - So, that's the story, what do you think? - My first suggestion is give your dumb ass brother a big slap upside his head. - You are on speakerphone, madam. - Are you vaccinated for yellow fever? - Jeez look, kid, I wish I could help you but.. Why don't I come to you? You have no chance on your own, I could find this guy, no problem. - Oh my god, babes, that would be amazing! - We can't even pay you. - Well you said I'm retrieving money, right? So, I find it, you gimme a cut. - Sorry, could we just have one moment please? We are not hiring a bounty hunter! - Why not? - Are you high? - Yes, a little bit, helps with the jet lag. Let's think about this, Nina is a professional, if we hire her then mum, dad, the police, nobody needs to know about your little, massive fuck up. Trust me, bro, Nina Morales is our get of jail free card. Well, not free, we probably would have to pay her. Fine, but I'll negotiate. - Why? - Because it's nine a.m. Leah and you're high. Miss Morales? We are considering your offer but we would only be able to pay you a 10% commission. - [Nina] 20. - 15. - 25. - Okay, 20. - 30. - 25? - [Nina] Done. - Wow, I'm glad you handled that. (upbeat music) - Barnaby? - Your bag. - Pancho, look, I'm still waitin' on the insurance but if you want I can advance ya the cash, Nina can square it with me later. Can I help you? - That your wife on the phone? - [Mr. Foster] Who's askin'? - Prefer if you didn't. Second-hand smoke is very dangerous. You wanna take care of yourself, Mr. Foster. You know who I am? Bet you know about my brother. - He passed away. - Passed away, you make it sound too peaceful. - Well, he's, I'm sorry. - Don't be, Dante was a fool. My blood is blood. We lose our coke, that's a problem, we lose our honor, then we're nothing. So, where's Nina Morales? - Can you hear me now? - I do apologize for my colleague, she's had rather a long flight. - Who's this? - This is Nina, my new cleaner - Girlfriend. - [Nina] Look, we just wait 'till he leaves, stage a break-in, take the money and go. - [Woman] Have you ever seen this man? - It was all there, I swear to god! - Find it. (upbeat music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 