Samurai Champloo: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Samurai Champloo 
 s1e2 - Hyakkiyakô - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Samurai Champloo (2004–2005): Season 1, Episode 2 - Hyakkiyakô - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You gotta fight fire with fire... B-But OOniwakamaru is awaiting execution! If he is let out, there is no telling-- This missing arm of mine is mumbling to me. Kill those bastards for me, it says. Hey, OOniwakamaru. I like that face of yours. That face of yours that's lower than an animal's. You and I, we're two of a kind. No, maybe we're brothers. So let's go take 'em out, you and me. Let's take out the people who tormented you. " Redeye Reprisal (Pandemonium)" All right? No holding out. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Pull out everything you have, even your secret stash. OOne, two...! You're kidding! This is all we've got? Hey, now, are you sure you're not holding out on us? Look who's talking. What are those acorns? Hey! You haven't forgotten your promise to me, have you? Until we find the samurai who smells of sunflowers, no killing each other! I've been meaning to ask you about that... Who is this samurai who smells of sunflowers? --Well, he... --And what the hell is a sunflower, anyway? Hey, wait a minute... --You don't know? --It's a flower! A flower! What do they smell like? Do you have any other leads? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 --Like a picture or something? --What made you decide to come here? OOh, for crying out loud! For now, let's get something to eat, okay? Ta-dah! Grilled manjuu buns, the Joushuu regional speciality! Here is today's question. How many do we each get if we split these between three people? I'll kill the both of you and eat 'em all myself! Hey! What's your problem? --Hey! Gimme back my buns! --You thieving bird! Perhaps this is why they call that bird a filcher. What did you say?! So are you saying that those missing people were attacked by an ogre? Yeah, that's what the rumors say. What a frightful story. Hey, you're a samurai, aren't you? Well... --Hey, I know! Go kill that ogre for us! --Yeah, right! OOh, but I-I couldn't possibly... D-Don't startle me like that...! I guess there's such a thing as an unreliable samurai, after all. But if the rumors are true, then right about now, those people are... Probably being eaten alive. Hey, my dumpling! I heard you talking. What say I go kill that ogre for you? You're pretty amazing! You've got some serious skill! I bet you're a student of some big-name dojo, right? Something like that. Hey! What's with this ogre-slaying business? Do you think you're a fearless monster slayer or something? You're gonna keep your promise to me, understand? Now, now, don't get mad. Why don't you join us? I must say, I'm jealous. f people who are confident in their skills, I mean. A man like me is a samurai in name only. Yum! What kinda water is this? Wow, you sure know how to throw 'em back! --Hey, now! --Um... ...you aren't planning on going through the mountain pass right away, are you? Yeah, what about it? I wouldn't if I were you. The sun is about to go down. Perhaps, but we don't have money for lodgings, so... Oh, I know! If that's the case, I know the perfect place for you. There is a shack near the hot springs up the road. If you like, why not stay there tonight and set out in the morning? Sleeping without a care in the world... I'm gonna rape you, you dumb broad. That innkeeper back there... No, I'm reading too much into it. Good work. You did pretty well. I-In that case, I'll be... OOh, right. There's one thing that I forgot to mention. Just to be safe, I'm gonna kill you. Thank you. That was a big help. I didn't say anything about doing it for free. How much do you want? How much will you give me? Well, I got things to see and people to do... That woman, huh? Why did you want to see me? That's a silly question to ask. When a man and woman are all by themselves, there aren't all that many things that they can do, are there? Damn, lady, you move quick, don't ya? I'm not interested in playing coy. Let's enjoy ourselves tonight. Nights are like human lives. They're all too brief. Hey, there. I can't have you waking up just yet. Oh, my. Isn't this a surprise? You're the man from the teahouse. Do you know why fireflies give off their glow? It's the males and females calling out to each other. However, they say that every once in a while... ...two males attract each other. If you'll excuse me. That reminds me. The truth is, I've heard of him. OOf the samurai. You know, the sunflower samurai that the young lady spoke of. Ryujiro Sasaki! We're Kanto regional law enforcement officers! Ryujiro Sasaki! You are under arrest for the arson of a teahouse... ...and of the murder of a treasury employee! Come along quietly! Geez... You're hard workers, I'll give you that. Say, OOniwaka. These guys came to pick on you some more. Who the hell is that?! It doesn't matter, take him down, too! You big freak! S-Stay away from me, you monster! Don't be afraid. Everyone is afraid of my face. They say it is ugly. They hate me. They call me a monster. But if I do this, they cannot see my face. D-Don't look! I'm not afraid of you. But... But you have such a sad look in your eye. They called me a monster. I thought they were going to kill me. I... I lost control of myself. I killed... many people. I... am all alone. A firefly! I sent him his invitation. OOkay, OOniwaka, let's get ready for the party. What the hell did you make me swallow, bitch? How do you feel? It was a one-night mushroom. They say that if you wash them down with sake, they become a deadly poison. Who put you up to this? You better start talking before I get sloppy and accidentally skewer you. A man with one arm. He has the antidote, too. --More importantly, though... --What? Right about now, that girl companion of yours is probably... Crap! How much further? We're almost there. Damn! I neglected to mention this earlier, but I'm an assassin. Yes, I already know that. I'd like you to know that I bear you no ill will. Killing is merely a business for me, you see. Son of a... Who hired you? Well, then, perhaps we should get started. OOh, my! You live up to the rumors. It's been quite some time since I last faced a swordsman of your caliber. Looks like I'll be able to do me some ogre-slaying after all! You bastard... Mugen! So, you finally turned up, huh? I'm gonna make you regret cutting off my arm. --What arm? --Hey, come on, now. Don't try to tell me that you don't remember this arm. Sorry, who are you again? Y-You little bastard! Ah, I see... You're better than I imagined. I must admit, if we were in a dojo, perhaps I wouldn't be able to beat you. However... What's the matter? Is fighting here different from fighting in a dojo? Damn it, my arms are like wet noodles... Mugen... What's wrong? Has the poison finally started to kick in? Do you want this? It's the antidote. With one-night mushrooms, you finally kick off after spending a night writhing in agony, just like the name implies. Which means that you got just one night to live! I... am ugly...! Don't look at my face! Mugen! Not yet, OOniwaka! Don't kill him just yet! I'm gonna make this bastard die nice and slow. OOh, my. I haven't enjoyed myself this much in quite some time. Nevertheless, my policy is to never work any longer than necessary. I'll go ahead and end this, if you don't mind. Hey, hey! How ya like that? I bet you can't breathe... I ain't gonna give you an easy death, understand? So suffer some more! You little bitch! This suits me just fine. I'll start with sending you to meet your maker. And you call yourself a human being?! OOh, that's a good one! Girl, I sold my soul a long, long time ago. Watching other people suffer, that's my idea of a good time! I wanna take my suffering and share it with everybody. I'd say that's fair, wouldn't you? So that's why you're gonna die, too! Oniwaka? What are you-- No, don't! Please, don't do this! OOh, dear. Goodness gracious. My client has gone and died. What? In other words, I no longer have any reason to kill you. There's no point in killing someone if I'm not going to receive money for it, you see. Well, I'm off. I expect that you and I will meet again one day. That's the feeling that I get. Why? Why did you protect me? Why'd you do it...? You... were not afraid of me. I... am not alone. Spring is announced when the wild plants break out in a dance Summer comes to Uji, and in the fields are patterns of grass set out to dry The autumn moon rises, let's celebrate its fullness Winter passes by, and i count off the days and months again i can still see the too-distant blue sky when i close my eyes (it was so warm) As i reminisce, i take your hand as i pluck flowers and sing Within the memories that are now coming back to me i'm setting out to find my way back to you Spring is announced when the mountain leaves break out in dance Summer comes to Uji, and textiles with plains grass patterns are set out to dry The autumn moon rises, let's celebrate its fullness Winter passes by, and i count off the days and months again Dawn comes, and we part ways once again My dreams becoming distant apparitions i turn to the warm wind for help, the wind i felt every time you held me As i was bathed in the light that followed on your heels 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 