Samurai Champloo: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Samurai Champloo 
 s1e1 - Shippû dotô - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Samurai Champloo (2004–2005): Season 1, Episode 1 - Shippû dotô - full transcript 
 When two vagrant samurais stumble into waitress Fuu, the three get in trouble with the local magistrate. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Pirates! It's pirates! They're coming right at us! Starboard! Starboard! P-Please, wait...! T-Take whatever you want, just spare my life! " Misguided Miscreants, Part 1 (A Dark Night's Passing, Part 1 )" Let's rest. I can't take another step... We're lost because somebody wanted to take a shortcut! Aw, quit your bitching. We're doin' just fine. Take a look around! What makes you think we're doing fine?! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I can smell it. It's the sea. The sea? Yeah. It's right up ahead. Really?! The sea! It's freezing! I thought you said you couldn't take another step, you little flake. I swear... Mugen? It can't be... Is that you, Mugen? You're alive...! Hey, what's going on? Who is she? Take all the money they've got! Darn it, what the heck is going on? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 --Crap... --These two are pretty tough! Wait! Stop it! These people are-- Stay out of this, you're just the bait! I never expected to see you again in this life. Isn't that right, Mugen? I always figured the next time we met would be in Hell. In that case, what say I send you on your way there, Mukuro? Talk about lucky. What a stroke of luck. We haven't been attacking people just 'cause we want their money. I've been looking for the toughest bastards around. What the hell for? You're the perfect man for the job. The heist we're gonna pull is gonna be huge. I'll pay you more more money than you can imagine. No thanks. What's the matter? You scared? I don't work with anyone. I thought I told you that the last time you asked. Oh? What do you call these two, then? They ain't my friends or anything. I promised I'd protect 'em until we get to Nagasaki, that's all. Protect them, huh? You? Oh, that's funny! That's a laugh riot! Hey, do you have any idea what kinds of things this guy has done? You have any idea how many people he's killed? This is hysterical! A guy like you is protecting people? Yeah, that's more like it. That's the kind of guy you are. You remember now? Mugen? Hey! Wait! Really? That Mukuro guy is your big brother? You don't look anything alike, um... My name is Koza. Mugen, Mukuro and I used to live on the island together. Ever since we were little. Island? A little island down in the Ryukyus... An island where they exile criminals. An island... that is just like Hell. Everyone on the island is a criminal who was exiled there. Mugen, Mukuro and I were all born and raised there. That place was the only world we knew. He said that you were going to Nagasaki, right? Oh! That's right. There's a samurai there who smells of sunflowers. Sunflowers? You know him? No, I don't. But to get back onto the highway that goes to Nagasaki, I think your best bet is to take a boat and cross straight over to Ise. A boat? I'll go look for a boat we can use. A boat, huh? Forget about it, a boat's just gonna sink, and then we'll all die. I think you'll be okay if Mugen is with you. He knows how to work a boat? Of course. Mugen never said anything about that to you? But... That means that he'll be leaving again... What's the matter? Nothing, I just... I wish I could be with Mugen, just like in the old days. It didn't look like he and his big brother were on very good terms, though... I wish my big brother was dead... Well, with a brother like him, I guess I can understand why you'd say that... But if you really hate him that much, you don't have to force yourself to stay with him. I can't leave. I mean, I could never survive on my own. What's up with this village? I don't see a single person around. You trying to tell me that you've forgotten all about it? About that darkness you got in your soul? Do you have any last words? Hurry up and get it over with. Going to Hell don't bother me any. Life here is pretty much a living Hell, anyway. But the thought of bein' killed by you bastards rubs me the wrong way. I lived my life without any help from anybody. And now that I'm gonna die, I'm gonna send myself to Hell without any help from you. Son of a... Shoot! Shoot him! That little fool... Did he think he could save himself by jumping off this cliff? Got it? First one to pull on his reins loses. If I win, you work with me. All right? You bastard... You remember now? In the end, you and I are just a couple of cursed men. There isn't anywhere that we can run to. They killed everyone but the young men. No one was spared, not even the women and children. My guess is that they then forced the men to fight each other, and the survivors are now part of the gang. We're better off not getting involved with that man, Mukuro. Once it's morning, let's leave. --Mugen! --I'm gonna take the job. Hey, wait a minute! What about us going to Nagasaki? Either way, we need money, don't we? Yeah, but that doesn't mean you-- He was clearly trying to provoke you. Did you fall for that? I changed my mind. End of story. As you wish. You think I'm gonna take orders from you, jack? Mugen! Hey, wait! Mugen! I knew you'd come. Get it straight. I have one condition. Like what? Once this job is done, I never wanna see your ugly mug ever again. Got it? Listen up. Our target is a Shogunate transport ship that's carrying 60,000 ryo in gold coins. This transport that's carrying a 60,000 ryo tribute from Osaka to Edo will be anchoring off the shore here tonight. They're letting their sailors rest, and will take on fresh supplies of food and water. That's when we'll hit them. Wait a minute. Where the hell did you get all this information from? I have somebody on the transport ship who's been leaking information to me. The mole is a member of my gang. First, Ken and Ryu take the place of the real workers and carry the barrels of supplies onto the ship. One of those barrels will be carrying a bomb. In other words, me. I'll use the gunpowder bomb to damage the ship. While I'm doing that, the rest of you ram our pirate ship into them. After that, it's business as usual. We board the transport ship, overwhelm them, and take everything. The 60,000 ryo, and their lives. And last of all, we'll blow it to smithereens with these. But this is a government transport, you know? Yeah, it's gonna have dozens of skilled guards on board. But we don't have enough people to-- That's why tonight is our only shot. It's gonna rain tonight. And no moonlight, either. We'll use that darkness to our advantage. We'll be on 'em before they see us coming. But it's clear outside! Is it really gonna rain? --No doubt about it. --Say what? I can smell it. On the wind. Now that we have that settled, it's time to put the plan into action. The wind sure has picked up outside... I wonder if Mugen is gonna be okay? He will reap what he sows. Well, yeah, but still... Mugen... Do you remember? We looked up at the stars like this once. You told me something then. Looking down from up there, we wouldn't look any bigger than grains of sand. Doesn't ring any bells. If we had been born someplace else, someplace other than that island, I wonder what kind of people we'd be? Mugen, are you happy now? I ain't given it much thought. Fuu is really lucky. You think so? Yeah... Because she gets to be with you, Mugen. Mugen... I want to be with you, too. Just like she is. I want to run away from here. So let's run away. Together. Sorry, lady. I ain't that kinda guy. See ya. We've brought your water and supplies. Well done. I'll inspect the cargo, if you don't mind. Y-Yes, sir. --Something wrong? --Well, sir, considering this weather... If we don't get these brought on board soon, they'll get soaked. You have a point... All right, load them on board! Got it? I'm going to kill all of our men. Once the job's done, we'll rendezvous with Shiren. What about Mugen? Let's get going. --W-Who's there?! --Oh, I'm so sorry. My hand slipped. Who the hell are you?! Don't worry, I'll make sure the next one goes right through your brain. Don't be so jumpy! Here goes! What the hell is going on? Take these insolent dogs who have no respect for authority... ...and mow them down! I thought he was gonna blow these guys up! Save Mugen! Please, save Mugen! What do you mean by that? So, it was a trap. Mukuro, you son of a bitch! You played me, didn't you?! Oh, crap! Damn you, you bastard! Mukuro! The pirate ship! What? Which one is it? Mugen's on it! Mugen! Dawn comes, and we part ways once again My dreams becoming distant apparitions I turn to the warm wind for help, the wind I felt every time you held me As I was bathed in the light that followed on your heels Spring is announced when the wild plants break out in a dance Summer comes to Uji, and in the fields are patterns of grass set out to dry The autumn moon rises, let's celebrate its fullness Winter passes by, and I count off the days and months again I can still see the too-distant blue sky when I close my eyes (It was so warm) As I reminisce, I take your hand as I pluck flowers and sing Within the memories that are now coming back to me I'm setting out to find my way back to you Spring is announced when the mountain leaves break out in dance Summer comes to Uji, and textiles with plains grass patterns are set out to dry The autumn moon rises, let's celebrate its fullness Winter passes by, and I count off the days and months again Dawn comes, and we part ways once again My dreams becoming distant apparitions I turn to the warm wind for help, the wind I felt every time you held me As I was bathed in the light that followed on your heels Please rate this subtitle at %url% Help other users to choose the best subtitles 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 