Grand Star: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Star 
 s1e11 - Chapter XI - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Star (2007–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Chapter XI - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Multicom jingle) - [Narrator] Previously, on Grand Star. - Sometimes I wish so hard we would have lived in the past, when there was a sun. - Well, that's a choice we don't have. This is our world. - Lieutenant Damien! Have you captured any of those terrorists that have been causing these blackouts? He's totally after Suki, and you're blind to it and it's driving me crazy! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I am not blind! I know very well that he's all over Suki, and it hurts me more than anything. - And yet you're standing here, and you're doing nothing about it. - I propose that we delay the exodus from Grand Star. - Professor Ragg, we must move on! - What will happen if we leave 30,000 people behind to die? - Five council members voted for Ragg's proposal. I want to know their names, fast. - Consider it done, sir. (exciting, tense music) (ice crackling) (train whooshing) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (gentle playful music) (man chuckles) - Sorry to disturb you. We're just off the four o'clock Vladivostok express, and I'm afraid we're terribly lost. Would you be kind enough to tell us where we might find CEO Palidor? Thank you so much. - (chuckles) Wowee, who would that be? - I haven't the slightest idea. - I do. - Yeah? - That was my dad. - Marcus, you always did know how to make an entrance. - [Marcus] Truth is, I'm getting better at it. - I'm sorry, we haven't been introduced. - Love Me. - And you are? - Tender. - Marcus, can we talk? - That's good news, isn't it? - I haven't seen the man in 10 years. My mom hasn't even said his name in 15 years; I bump into some psychedelic, decadent has-been who's supposed to be my father and that's good news, eh? - So you're angry? - Yeah, I'm really angry. - Well go tell him that. - Why, he's not even gonna recognize me, what's the point? - To get it out of your system. - I don't care! We've got real stuff to fight for! - Hey, we'll find those things that we're looking for. Kurt, no matter what you do, that man is your father. So, you need to go-- - This is none of your business! - Hey! If my mother was here, I would go talk to her, but I don't have that option. (brooding, melancholy music) - Marcus, you know how power is a very lonely affair. - Of course. - And keeping the loyalty of one's entourage is a never-ending effort. - Of course. - Marcus, I don't trust anyone in my entourage. They're all filled with resentment, even my closest collaborators are filled with bad intentions, which is why I turn to you, Marcus, who I've always considered to be a true and dear friend. - What can I do for you? - People instinctively trust you, Marcus. - I've never done any harm, that's why. - Precisely. I'm giving a party at the cabaret, to show my gratitude to the Grand Council and a few of the more influential people of Grand Star. During the course of the evening, I want you to act and talk as though you're sympathetic to the cause of the Renewers of the Sun. - What's your intention? - Ha ha! Do you know the old saying, big things come in small packages? These two cameras that I have here will record the reactions of my so-called allies. And I, I want you to reveal to me what they really think of me. (enigmatic intriguing music) - Why didn't you tell me he was coming? - I didn't know what to say; I'm sorry, I tried. - So you knew that he was coming and you just decided not to tell me? - Well, what would you have done if you had known? - I don't know, Mom, but I would have liked the chance to prepare; I haven't seen him in 10 years! - Neither have I. But what are you going to do now he's here? - Pray for him to leave. - Oh, Kurt. (tender emotional music) (sighs) It takes two to tango, you know. - What does that mean? - Kurt, darling, you've got to move on in life, you can't let yourself be consumed with resentment. Besides, your father, he looks happy, it makes me feel good. - Well Mom, I never thought you'd be capable of so much generosity. - Just for that, I'm glad he came. (exciting uptempo music) - Need I remind you that half the governing council voted against me. Now, during this party that I'm gonna be giving at the cabaret, I want you to be in charge of spying. - A cabaret, sir? Do you think that's really the ideal place for such an event? - Yes. I want people to feel free, I want them to mix, I want them to lose their inhibitions; the cabaret is the perfect place for that. - Yes, yes, of course it is, sir. - And Damien, I want to know what they really think about me. (tense dramatic string music) - You're looking great. - You too. - I wanted to warn you sooner that I was coming back, but then-- - Yes; then with your usual courage, you decided it wasn't a very good idea. - Tara, I've changed. - Oh, if I could only believe that, Marcus. Listen, if ever you do any harm to Kurt, I'll destroy you. - I'm here to make peace, with everyone: you, Kurt. Trust me. (Tara groans) - Ah, this is so good. I've changed. I'm a traditionalist now. I can't stand the way we live. I believe in the past. - You're even more crazy than before. - No, Tara! I just don't believe they're rubbish anymore. I read this book about how people used to live in the 21st century, fascinating stuff. They used to go on holiday to all these sunny places: Mexico, Jamaica, San Paolo. - Interesting. - [Marcus] I think the sun was something quite extraordinary. - Very interesting. - And what about your own son? Didn't you ever think he was extraordinary? You keep on talking like that, I'll have to tell Kurt his father ended up in prison! - Well, that went jolly well. - Hm. Oh, Marcus. (Marcus exhales heavily) - May I come in? - What's the matter? - I won't be long. Palidor is organizing a party here tomorrow night at the cabaret. - So? (mischievous, playful music) - So, nothing must transpire of our relationship. Do you see what I mean? - Our relationship? We don't have a relationship. - Right. No, I just meant that people shouldn't pick up on the fact that we know each other. I really must go. (head-bobbing club music) - Kurt Masters. - Marcus Masters. - Hey. Come here! (laughs) So, what have you been doing for the last 10 years? - Growing up. Too bad you missed it. - Guess I deserve that. - How about you? - Oh, I drifted from station to station for a couple of years after your mother and I split up-- - You ran out on her, you mean? - Sure, okay. If that's how you wanna put it, after I ran out on her. Well, then I got together with a few people and ventured into various businesses-- - That's impressive. Worth giving up your family for? - I left your mother. I didn't want to leave you. - But you did. - Yes. And of all the things I feel sorry about, that's the one that hurts me most. Look, I just wanted to see you, apologize. Now that I've done that, I won't ask any more of you. But if you want to talk, or whatever, I'm here. I'm still your father. (tender, emotional string music) - [Kurt] How can anyone be so insensitive? - Well, what'd he say? - Nothing! He said he apologized, just like you would say, 'Please pass the salt,' and that's it, he left. - I can't believe you guys can't connect. A father and his son have to connect. - No, this guy doesn't even see me. I don't exist to him, I'm not real. - Well you know what you're gonna do? You're gonna go to the party tomorrow night and you're gonna show him you exist. - No way. - Look, why do you have to be so stubborn? I mean, don't you get it? He's the one acting like a kid, so you act like a grown-up. - I don't want to! (Cal scoffs) (upbeat electronic music) - Ah, Governor, welcome to the Palidor party! (laughs) Good to see you. Let me introduce my charming assistants. This is Love Me. - I will. Hello, darling. - And Miss Tender. - Tender. - Indeed, you are. - You'll be seeing lots more of them later if you're a very good boy. Everything is on CEO Palidor, so enjoy yourself. - [Liam] Marcus, it's been a long time. - [Marcus] It certainly has. - You seem to be doing well. - Very well. Tara. - [Liam] This is my son, Cal. - [Cal] Mr. Masters. - Kurt was telling me that you and he are still close. That makes me very, very happy. Well, enjoy yourself, the governor's here, already having fun. - See you later. - We'll see you later, certainly. Well girls, well done. - Oh, Marcus. You bad boy. - Let's get to work. Ladies and gentlemen, CEO Palidor wishes to thank you for coming, and he's asked me to make sure that you spend a most agreeable evening! There's food, there's drink, there's dancing, and whatever happens after that, I'll leave it for you to decide. And now, let the festivities commence with someone I have yet to discover. They tell me she is unforgettable; her name is Suki! (audience applauds and cheers) (uptempo dance music) - Didn't think this was your kind of scene. - It's not. - That Suki is really quite something, isn't she? - Yeah, she is. - Do you think you could ever just talk to me normally? - I don't see any reason to. - Don't know what she sees in you. - You know, that doesn't surprise me. And don't bother, 'cause you'll never understand. Hey. If you keep buzzing around her, I'll make you wish you were never born. - Oh really? What are you going to do, exactly? Huh? Hm? - This is just wrong. - What's that, Cal? - These power cuts to Grand Star, the cost of services are going up, (laughs) look at this council. - Hold it. These people work hard. - So do the people of Grand Star. - Come with me. I need to talk to you. - Hey! - Hey. - [Suki] You changed your mind, you came. - Yeah. - I was just about to get myself something to drink, you want anything? - Where's Cal? - Talking to his dad. Come on. You don't wanna be a part of that conversation. - (sighs) Let's go get a drink. (enigmatic electronic music) - Listen, the council is getting a backbone. We've turned down three of Palidor's initiatives in the last few months. - [Cal] That's funny. - [Liam] What's funny? - [Cal] That you guys are against him and he's throwing you this party. - Well, exactly, he's trying to win favor. - Seems to be working. - Cal, if the people lose faith in the council, then Palidor will be unopposed. - Palidor already controls everything! - Yeah, but it'd be worse if the council didn't exist, believe me. - Okay. - Okay what? - Okay, I believe you. (intriguing party music) - So, enjoying ourselves, are we, Governor? - [Governor Cleary] Brilliant party, Marcus. - I wanted something totally retro. Retro is in. - [Governor Cleary] I can see. - [Marcus] This yellow light is supposed to evoke sunshine, but for us now, subliminal message. - What would life be without a little controversy, huh? - [Marcus] I thought I was alone. - Oh no, no no no. My wife redecorated our vacation trailer. She installed a huge bathtub with saltwater. (imitates whooshing) The sound system emits the sounds of waves and wind, and on the wall's a giant painting titled Sunset Over Paradise. All this information is strictly confidential, you understand? Mr. Masters? - All right. CEO Palidor mustn't find out about your secret bathtub. - CEO Palidor? (laughs) Come on. Look, between you and I, he's losing it. The man is going completely insane. (Governor Cleary laughs) - Yes, yes. - Your dad's up to something. - Like what? - I don't know, I can just sense it. - What, another one of your special powers? - No. No, look at his assistants. - Yeah, they've got really short skirts, my mom already made a remark. - No, not that. Look at the way they position themselves. - What is he doing? - I don't know. Spying for Palidor? - That's crazy. - I know it is. - I would trust me, one day the sun will come back again. It's inevitable. All the greatest civilizations of our world are evolved around the sun. - [Council Member] Mr. Masters, I know this is not the place to discuss this kind of thing-- - [Marcus] You're right. - But just between you and me, I think you're absolutely correct. This whole business of forbidding people to talk about the sun is ludicrous, it's old-fashioned politics. Young people need independence. - Well, it's comforting to know I'm not the only one having such thoughts. - No, no, no. Actually, quite a number of us share these ideas. I mean, in this very room, you might find a certain number of us. - Hey. I heard everything you guys were saying about freedom and the sun and all that, that's some pretty far-out stuff. - Kurt, I'm pretty busy right now; later, later? - No no no, no no no, I think we should do this right now. I've been waiting a long time, I think that I should be able to exchange some deep ideas with my father. - Kurt, not now, eh? Get away. - I'm just like you guys. I think this world needs the sun to come back real fast. - Kurt, don't be stupid! - Everyone else said the sun's up there. This life would be so much better off without those terrible lies-- - Shut up! - Oh, so now, suddenly you're listening to your son, huh? What are you so afraid of? Should I tell everybody in here what's going on? - Shut up! (slap smacks) (people murmuring) - What's happening here? Huh? What's happening here? Can't you tell all your guests simply once without lying? - Kurt, don't do this to me. - Why is it so hard for you to tell the truth? (soaring, valiant music) - This is for you, kid. I suppose I should let you know. I've been recording every one of you with these cameras. - Oh no, Marcus. You don't want to do that to me. - Our very distinguished master CEO Palidor-- - Don't even think about it. - Has been watching us. Forgive me, CEO Palidor. I thought I could erase my past and do all this. - No! - But, for once in my life, and because I want my family to have a good opinion of me-- - You've just signed your own death warrant. - I must say the truth. - There you go, mate. Yeah. - I'll be seeing you, kid. But now I've got to run out of here. Come on. - No! Damien! Stop them! (militaristic aggressive music) - It's fine, everything's fine. Move! Go! - Damien! No! - [Suki] By the way, what did you say to Damien? I saw you guys talking. - Well, I told him that I loved you, and that I've never loved anyone quite like I love you, and that the world would be a much better place without people like him. - You feel better? (tender emotional music) - Eh. You know what I forgot? To tell him that one day the sun would shine, and when it does, they'll melt away. (moves into militaristic aggressive music) (exciting dramatic music) (Multicom jingle) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 