Grand Star: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Star 
 s1e9 - Chapter IX - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Star (2007–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Chapter IX - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Multicom Jingle) - [Announcer] Previously on Grand Star. - On your knees! On your knees! - We have 400,000 kilowatt-hours left of energy, and if you don't find us a place where we can relocate-- - We will go the way of the dinosaurs. - Suki! Of all the people, you have to hang out with Damien? - Why are you doing this? - My parents will never let you leave. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Go! - Deep Silence, do you read me? - Dad, what are we doing here? We're in a restricted area. - I'm not gonna tell you where I'm going, and you are never going to ask me a single question about all this. This relocation involves leaving behind 30,000 people, all of whom will die. You will have that on your conscience, and so will I. (dramatic music) (ice crackling) (dramatic music) (train horn blares) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (dramatic music) (upbeat music) (people chattering) (upbeat music) - Do you recognize me? - Yeah, you're Jonah. - Then you know why I'm here. - No. - You liar! After you left, the Pointsmen came and took my parents. You sent them! - That's not true. - How come they found us? - I don't know. I don't know. - I want to find my parents. (people yelling) (alarm blaring) - [Cal] Come on, come with me. - [Man On Loudspeaker] Alpha to sector G-9, level two. - What's going on? - It's okay, it's just a blackout. - Visitors of Grand Star, you're experiencing technical difficulties. Electricity is like nature. It cannot be fully domesticated, and our resources are few. We realize these power cuts are an inconvenience. - [Man On Loudspeaker] Pointsmen to main platform. Pointsmen to main platform. - [Palidor On Loudspeaker] And our resources are not unlimited. - I need to get you to a safe place. Come with me. - But be assured we are doing our best to restore full power. - [Cal] Come on. Jonah! - As soon as possible. - (panting) Come on! (dramatic music) Up here. We have our own generator. Here, you can clean yourself in the bathroom, and I'll get you some clothes. - You think I'll find my parents? - Hey, I will do everything I can. Okay? (gentle music) - Where are your parents? - It's a long story. (gentle music) - Do they believe the sun still exists, like mine? - Jonah. Jonah, look at me. We're gonna find your mom and dad, but meanwhile, you need to trust me, okay? Okay. Now you mustn't leave here. (gentle music) You ever been to a station before? - No. - Oh. Well, did your village have running water? - Running water? - Come. I'll show you how the bathroom works. (gentle music) Ah, your clothes smell like fish. (dramatic music) - What are you doing here? You must be out of your mind. - I need you to establish a liaison for me. It's about the great change. - I don't need to know. - No, I need to know that you're gonna do it. - You're not supposed to contact me unless it's a question of-- - Life and death? 30,000 people, is that enough for you? - What is your message? (upbeat techno music) - Cal. Can you feel it? Can you feel the new energy in the air? - What are you talking about? - This is the dawn of a new age. That gleaming darkness was the work of the Renewers. - I mean, it could have just been a power shortage. - Shut up! Don't tell me you believe Palidor. - Hey look, remember that kid Jonah from the fishing camp? - Of course I do. - Well, he's here. - What, how? Why? - I have no idea, but his parents were taken by the Pointsmen after we left, and I promised him we'd find them. - Just like that? - Well, I mean, you were a Pointsmen, you have your ins and outs. Hey, Kurt! This kid's alone. He has no parents, he's got no friends, he's got nothing. We have no choice. I'll catch you later. I have to see if Su can keep an eye on the kid. - [Kurt] Wait, you want Suki to watch him? - Yeah, is that a problem? - Yeah, she's been hanging around with Damien. If Damien sees the kid... - What?! - Man, you can't treat her like a stranger one day and expect her to be there for you the next. - I was just trying to protect her. - [Kurt] It doesn't work that way. (people chattering) (door beeping) (gentle music) - Liam? Are you all right? I heard Palidor called you in for a meeting. I've been so anxious, Liam. What happened? (gentle music) Aren't you going to tell me what's going on? You're not going to tell me anything, are you? - [Cal] I don't know. I got off the train, and Jonah started attacking me. - Poor kid. It must have been an ordeal for him getting here. - [Cal] And you're the only person that I can trust who can take care of him. - I'll do it, Cal. - [Cal] Is there anything you wanna tell me? - No. But it seems you do. - Damien? - Oh, I see. Somebody gave you a full report. What do you think, Cal? Do you think I betrayed you with Damien? - Uh... - Wow. What makes you distrust the world so much? - Maybe the world doesn't give me much reason to trust it. - Well, are you gonna let me prove to you that some people can be trusted? - Damien? I mean, Damien? He represents everything that I hate about this world. He's the symbol of lies and deception. He's the one who hunts and arrests people like me, who believe that there's still a sun shining behind that filthy, filthy sky. - (giggling) You're jealous, Cal Ragg! I love it when you're jealous. - Ah! I'll go get the kid. (Suki laughing) (dramatic music) - Go! - These blackouts are the fault of the Renewers! Everyone knows it but you! It's a disgrace! - With all respect, sir, we don't know for sure that it's a saboteur. - Are you mad?! This endangers our plans for the exodus! I need the total trust of every member of the population! - We're pursuing every lead, sir. - [Palidor] Have you isolated the cause of this incident? - Not yet, sir. - Then do so! You have carte blanche! - Sir, I can't arrest everybody on Grand Star. - Why not?! Because of some dusty old laws? Arrest the innocent! That always makes the guilty nervous. Now go! (dramatic music) - Okay, young man, we're moving out. - You found my parents? - No, but we're moving to a safe place. - [Jonah] I wanna stay here. - No, it's too dangerous. - I'm not moving until you find my parents. - What's the matter with you? Can't you see I'm doing everything I can? And being a spoiled little child is not gonna help, so on your feet and let's go. - I'm not moving. - Jonah! - Well, I know more about the exodus from Grand Star now. Is that why you came to see me? - You know we're leaving half the population behind? - We have to. We're running out of power. - That's not true. We have three years of reserves. - Those are strategic reserves, we need that power for battle. - Battle? Against whom? - The Renewers. Who else? - I don't know they exist. - But of course they exist. Liam, what do you want from me? - I want you to oppose the exodus. - Well, that'll make Palidor very happy. - I need your vote. It'll be decisive. - That's all you need from me, is it, Liam? My vote? What's in it for me? - Your conscience will be clear. - Ah. The conscience thing. (gentle music) - Ah, Mister decided to change his mind. - Yeah, she's okay. - I'll take Jonah back to the cabaret. I can hide him there. (people chattering) (upbeat music) Like what you see, Jonah? - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - [Suki] (laughing) Come on, it's this way. - His parents are probably on a prisoner transport heading in or out of Grand Star. - Okay. Why am I doing this, why am I doing this? This is crazy. I'm playing with fire. I'm loving this. Hey, there's a prison train due to move out to penal colony seven. I don't think that anyone that's been sent there has ever been shipped back. - How do we know his parents are on this one? - We don't! - Okay, we've got nothing! Is there any way of finding out who's in the jails of Grand Star? - I mean, there's gotta be a list somewhere. - Yeah, there's gotta be a list of the people they've arrested. - I got it. - What? - No. - What, what is it? - No, it's too horrible. - What? - Damien. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? I don't think so. - You live here? It's amazing. - Not if you don't wanna be here. I've moved from station to station on this train my whole life. - At least you moved. My whole life has been spent in one place. - Yeah, I move, but after a while, every station's the same. - Let's go. - Where? - Anywhere. There's more to see. - It's dangerous for you to be walking around like that. - Who cares? - No, no, I can't do this. She'll kill me! No! No, no, I'm not doing it. No. - How many of these stations are there in the world? - Oh, some people say there are hundreds. - My parents never said it was like this here. - What'd they say it was like? - They said the people who lived in the stations are full of evil, and dirt, and disease. - Have they ever been here? - My father, as a young man. He said the people were not better than slaves. I guess he lied to me. - I'm sorry, my man. This is for the good of the destiny of the history of this big, beautiful world. We don't have a choice. - Hey, Suk! Hey, we need to talk to you for a second. Jonah, if you don't mind, can we please have some time alone? Thanks. (whimsical music) - I can't believe it! After all the crap you guys have been giving me, now you want me to go and see Damien and get me to tell him where the kid's parents are being kept? Tell me you're joking. This was your idea, wasn't it? I can smell it. Oh, Mr. Sunshine finds the idea brilliant, I suppose? Don't you have any sense of morality? I'm not doing it. You should be ashamed of yourselves. - Can't you see? These two clowns won't find my parents. Suki, you've got to help a poor, abandoned child. (dramatic music) - In private? - I don't think this is the best place to talk. - Oh yes, of course. Where? When? - Meet me in two hours, Black Market, by the fire post, A-9. And come discreet. - Yes, of course. Actually, Suki, I'm pretty swamped with work. I don't imagine I could really leave my-- - Wait, you were the one who told me to come to you if I ever needed anything. Well, I need something. - Right. Okay, I'll be there. You can count on me. - I thought so. (earpiece beeping) - [Palidor] Have you isolated the cause of this incident? - Yes, President Palidor. I have a very strong lead that I'll be looking into shortly. - Whatever it takes, Lieutenant. Whatever it takes. (dramatic music) - You're in total breach of security codes. I will have to report this. - I have found alternative energy sources that can supply power to New Station. I have requested authorization to reveal this to Palidor. There are thousands of people's lives in our hands. - I must ask you to leave at once. - Listen, there's gonna be a vital council meeting in a few days, I need an answer! - This meeting is over. (dramatic music) - Well, I'm here. So what did you have in mind? (upbeat dance music) - So people come here and what? They talk, they drink-- - Jonah, we're trying to concentrate. We're worried, because Suki is doing something very dangerous for you. - Relax, she's gonna do fine. But what about the screen-- - [Both] Jonah! - I know, shut up. - Suki, do you realize what you're asking me? I could have you arrested just for that. Suki... What have you got yourself involved in? - In life. - This is not a good time, my love. We are facing all kinds of terrorist attacks from the Renewers, and these loving parents, well, they're highly implicated. - Are you sure these people are terrorists? - They're currently facing an investigation, yes. Look, Suki, just stop right here. Stay well out of this. - Why? Because you think I'm just a cute little girl from the cabaret, and I don't know the difference between right and wrong? Lieutenant... Damien. Damien, please. This kid is gonna become an orphan. I thought you'd be sensitive to that. Don't you remember what it was to be an orphan? - No. No, I don't remember anything. Nothing. This is not right. I'm sorry, Suki. You're going too far. (dramatic music) If you ever mention where you got this information from... - Thank you. (upbeat music) I got the information. Let's go to your parents. We're out of here. (upbeat music) - [Cal] Jonah's parents are being held in a prisoner transport in sector G-4. You can bet a bunch of Points will be there waiting for us. We'll have to find a way on the train and knock out anyone that gets in our way, find and rescue the parents before we're caught or killed. - [Kurt] Piece of cake, Cal. (gentle upbeat music) (Multicom Jingle) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 