Grand Star: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Star 
 s1e1 - Chapter I - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Star (2007–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Chapter I - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Multicom Jingle) (dramatic music) (ice cracking) (dramatic music) (console beeping) - We're clear for entry? - [Man] You're clear, Pacific. Decrease entry speed and proceed to bay two. - Copy that. (upbeat electronic music) (computer beeping) (train whooshing) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - [Man] You're exceeding entry speed, reduce power. Pacific, reduce power immediately. (odometer beeping) Do you read me, over? - Don't get your shorts in a knot. - [Man] Didn't read that, repeat. (Cal chuckles) (train whooshing) (dramatic music) (computers beeping) (dramatic music) (train hisses) (dramatic music) - Cal. - Yeah, dad? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - How fast were you going? I mean, that could've been really dangerous. - I know. (dramatic music) I was going a little too fast, okay? I'm sorry. (dramatic music) (door hisses) - [PA Announcer] Flight crew now unloading on bay 12. - [Pa Announcer] ElectroCorp working for a powerful future. (metal squealing) - [PA Announcer] Pointsmen removal crew proceed to gate three. (metal squealing) (dramatic music) - Hey, Carrot! - [PA Announcer] Pointsmen are your friends. - Nice grab, slick. I'll talk to you later. You back from the ice? - Yeah, just. Hey, how much does this go for nowadays, 20 credits? - 22. See anything interesting out there? - Ice and more ice. - Hey, stupid, you're not suppose to eat the peel. Geez! I have to take care of your education. - I need that like a hole in the head. - So we're going tonight, right? The cabaret people just arrived. Did you know that you have two muscles right here and here? Yeah, I didn't know. They're called the zygomaticus muscles and they're primarily used for smiling. - Kurt, let's just go to the cabaret. - Yeah, fine, brilliant. (upbeat electronic music) - [Palidor] This doesn't make any sense. The drones indicated there was a strong chance of finding geothermal fuel there. - [Liam] I spent 65 hours on the ice, sir. I drilled to a depth of 1,000 meters, nothing. The deeper I went, the colder the readings. - You realize, of course, construction of the new station has already begun? Any suggestions? - What did the survey team say, sir? - [Palidor] That the section you were digging in had the highest probability of finding a geothermal fuel source. - That is what I believed. But I haven't found any yet. I will continue my search, sir. What is the status of the rail link to the northern sector? - [Palidor] It's navigable. - Because when it was a nation-state up there-- (Palidor laughs) Why do you laugh? - Oh, you and your attachment to the old world. - Call me a romantic, or a fool. - The old world's dead. It died with the sun. We have 400,000 kilowatt hours left of energy. After that this station starts powering down. And if you don't find us a place where we can relocate. - We will go the way of the dinosaurs. - And the horses, and the chickens, and the rest, Mr. Ragg. Do you understand? All the rest. (dramatic music) (upbeat electronic music) (patrons cheering) - Cal. Cal. (upbeat electronic music) - [Man] Oh yeah! (upbeat electronic music) Oh yeah! (upbeat electronic music) - Oh, Cal Ragg. You can't fall in love with her. She's part of the cabaret troops, she's gonna be gone in a couple of weeks. Out of here. You'll be back to being miserable again. (upbeat electronic music) This was not a good idea. This girl is binary information. She's not real. She's unreliable, suggestive data, just like your own feelings. You don't wanna fall in love with binary information, right? (upbeat electronic music) Right? (upbeat electronic music) (crowd cheering) - You coming? - Nah, I think I'm gonna wait and see if she has a sister. (crowd cheering) (pa announcer speaking in foreign language) - [PA Announcer] Your future is brighter ElectroCorp. (pa announcer speaking in foreign language) - Hear me. It will return. (dramatic music) It's the sun! (dramatic music) (alarm blaring) It was the sun! Did you see it? Did you feel the warmth? - I saw nothing! - It was light from the sun. I saw it! - Take him away. - It was light of the sun! Light! (dramatic music) - Did you see it, dad? - See what? - The light. - Oh. I heard there was some kind of incident of civil unrest on the platform. You okay? - Civil unrest? - Yeah. A riot. - There was no riot. - What happened? - [Cal] I dunno. (communicator beeps) - Damn. Special session of the government council. I have to go. - Dad. I saw something. There was this light that I've never seen before with... With warmth. - You were too many hours on the ice. Plays havoc with the vision, you know that. (dramatic music) (suspenseful music) (scissors rattle) (council chattering) - Did you call this meeting? - No, why? - I thought perhaps you had some good news about your recent exploration. Palidor says he believes there's five years worth of geothermal power in that sector. - Well Palidor is wrong. - That remains to be decided. (dramatic music) Governor Cleary, are we ready to begin? - Yes. This is merely an information session on the incident on the main platform. - Lieutenant Damien, are we in control of that incident? - Yes, sir. We have detained five citizens from Grand Star's main platform. - [Tara] What was it about? - We had to reduce our power supply to sectors L-2 and L-7. Apparently the troublemakers were inhabitants of those sectors. - [Palidor] Governor Cleary, you're going to have to make it absolutely clear to the population of Grand Star Station that power rationing is going to be a reality unless our scientists manage to find us new power resources to employ. - CEO Palidor, was the power rationing the only cause for this incident? I heard something about a mysterious light. - A mysterious light? Well, well, well, well, well, what could that be? Come on, Ragg, you're the scientist, why don't you explain? - I did have the privilege of being present when the incident took place, sir. - There was nothing mysterious about that light. It was the result of a static discharge in generator four. The electricity reacted with the lower particles of the atmosphere, apparently it was quite a sight. Now if that's everything, thank you very much, and goodbye. - [PA Announcer] Relax and enjoy the great indoors. (people chattering) (pa announcer speaking in foreign language) - [PA Announcer] Pointsmen to garage eight. Pointsmen to garage eight. (pa announcer speaking in foreign language) (suspenseful orchestral music) (train rumbles) (metal squeals) (mechanical beeping) - Hey, Cal. I had an explanation for what you saw. - Oh yeah? - Yeah, one of the generators gave off a static discharge. - Oh. - [Liam] You don't believe that? - No, I didn't say that, it's just you gave me that look you do every time I ask what happen to mom. - What do you mean? - You know, the don't ask questions look? - Listen, Cal, you can ask me questions whenever you like. I'm your father. - Questions don't mean anything if there's never any answers. - Cal, your mother is dead. Nothing you can say or I can say is gonna bring her back. What other answers do you want? - That's okay, dad. You know, I always told myself there'd be a day where you'd be honest with me. I'll just wait for that. (door hisses) - Hey. - Hey, does your mom still have access to Grand Star's engine control mainframe? - Yeah, it's one of her classified accounts. What do you want? - Look, I saw a train of heavily armed Pointsmen leave Grand Star about an hour ago on track 24. I wanna know where they're going. - [Kurt] Why? - Just curious. - This is highly illegal or awfully (mumbles). (computer beeping) - [Cal] Okay, that's the Pointsman train. - Looks like it took a spare line off of 24, like, 20 kilometers from there. - What are they looking for? - Why are you suddenly so interested in this? What's going on with you? - [Tara] Kurt! - Yeah, in here. - Oh, hello, Cal. I saw your father. He didn't have much luck with his exploration. Such a shame. Now CEO Palidor is talking about further power cuts. By the way, I'd like to invite you and your father over for dinner. - Actually, Kurt and I are going to the cabaret tonight. - Oh, really? We could all go, all four of us. Make it a family affair. - That'd be great. You know my dad's not gonna go, right? - Okay, good, she won't go either then. By the way, she doesn't have a sister. - What? - Suki. - Suki? - The girl from the cabaret with the bendy body. No sister. - Suki, huh? (upbeat electronic music) (audience applauds) - Hey, do you wanna come and have dinner with me and my buddy? His name is Cal Ragg and I'm Kurt Masters. - Shouldn't you boys be in bed by now? (audience applauding) - [PA Announcer] Pointsmen to main platform. Code white. Pointsmen to main platform. - Steady, boys. Take it easy. (suspenseful orchestral music) Straight ahead. (suspenseful orchestral music) - It's beyond reason, beyond logic, beyond any rational analytical acceptable system of thought. - I told you, if you wanna stay, you can stay. - Oh yeah, I'm suppose to let you just go on your own? I'm your best friend, remember? - I just wanna see what the Pointsmen are up to. - Why? Can you give me a single good reason? Whatever the Pointsmen are doing is none of our business. - Are you ready to do this? (dramatic music) - Yeah. (metal clangs) (dramatic music) - Cal! (dramatic music) (latch clicks) Damn. (dramatic music) - Hey, I wanted to talk to you. Suki, are you really interested in her? 'Cause, I dunno, if you're not then I can see myself kinda giving it a try. That is, if I wasn't afraid that she would eat me up and spit me out. - She would. - Yeah. (dramatic music) (wind whooshing) (intense music) We should get back to Grand Star, Cal. - [Cal] Come on. - [Kurt] Cal, this can't be good. (somber music) Hey! Hey, this one's breathing! - [Cal] Are you all right? Are you okay? Can you move? - Who are you? - Cal Ragg from Grand Star Station. - Save. - Okay, we'll get you to a hospital, all right? - It's too late for that. But I saw it. - Hey, save your breath. - Did you? - [Cal] I don't know what you're talking about. - The sun. (dramatic music) The sun. - [Cal] Why are the Pointsmen after you? - Because we're warriors. We fight for the truth. And we are the Renewers of the sun. - Just rest. You'll be all right, I promise. (somber music) We're taking her back. - To Grand Star? Are you nuts? - What, you wanna leave her to die? - Stop asking me hard questions. - She saw the sun. - There is no sun! - I saw it. - I'll pretend that I didn't hear that, for your sake. - Look, I've seen electrical storms before. That was not one. - Yeah and there is no sun, not anymore. - Okay, maybe not, but she saw something! And I'm gonna find out what it was. - Cal, what if she is telling the truth? - The truth? No big deal. I mean, if she is telling the truth it's just that, anything that our parent's has told us is a lie. And the government and Palidor has told us is a lie. Everything that we've been taught in those government education centers is garbage. Our history, who we are now, is all crap. (dramatic music) - Then we should get her back. - Yeah. (engine roars) (dramatic music) (Multicom Jingle) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 