Grand Star: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Star 
 s1e7 - Chapter VII - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Star (2007–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Chapter VII - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Multicom Jingle) - [Narrator] Previously on "Grand Star". - [Liam] Cal, shut it off. Shut it off, Cal. - Dad, are you okay? - [Liam] Your gloves. Put your gloves on, Cal. - I always told myself there'd be a day where you'd be honest with me. I'll just wait for that. - [Liam] This is not a game. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Lieutenant Damien is after you. He'd like to put you in prison. - There's something happening to me. If I think something, it starts to happen. - What's going on? - I don't know. - I thought you had deciphered what that scientist Ragg is hiding, what his son is plotting. - I tried, sir-- - Since when have I allowed you to interrupt me? - [Cal] There's just something inside of me that keeps pulling me. And I wanna find out what it is. (thrilling music) (ice crackling) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (train whirring) (upbeat digital music) (trains screeching) (tense music) - [Zel] You. It's not. Crazy. I can read your thoughts as you can read mine. Yes. It's not crazy, you are... - What's the matter? Cal, what happened? - I don't know. That Man of the Cold was... - Just relax, okay? Breathe. - Something's happening to me. - Cal, why won't you talk to me? - [Cal] I need to be alone right now. (ominous music) - Citizens of Grand Star. Witness with your own eyes. What happens to those who break the law. This Man of the Cold will pay a dear price for his crimes. A dear price for those who dare to break the law. Because you must admit, lieutenant, it was an idea of genius to expose that creature, wasn't it? - Yes indeed, sir. A brilliant idea, sir. - Yes, brilliant. And now, all we have to do is wait and see. See who comes. See who sympathizes. And then, the truth will reveal itself in all its simplicity. - [Cal] They brought him in this afternoon. - Is he really a Man of the Cold? - Yeah. - Well, what are they playing at? - I don't know, he's caged out on D Platform out in the open like he's on exhibit. - Bastards. - What is it? - Well, he'll die. - Dad. Who are these people, really? - Well, they're people, Cal, like you and me with hearts and desires and hopes and love stories. Just people. (orchestral music) - Professor Ragg. Frightening creature, wouldn't you say? - Zel. Zel. - Liam? - How did you get into this? - I stood up to them. - That was foolish of you. - You can only live on your knees for so long. They will try me. And execute me. Crime against the state. I'm to be made an example of. I know. It's a rather absurd way of dying, isn't it? - Sorry, but the answer's no. That Man of the Cold is a dangerous criminal and must be treated as such. - His trial is coming up in two days time. In two days, he will probably be dead. - You don't know that. - What has he done to deserve this treatment? - He caused a rebellion on the railway line to the new station. A young Pointsman lost his life. - And did this man kill him? - His actions were responsible for the loss of life. - But did he kill him? - No, another Man of the Cold did. - Well, why don't you punish the other man? - Oh, that was done there and then in no uncertain terms. - So, justice has already been done. - Justice has to be seen to be done. You seem to care for this creature. This Zel is a revolutionary. His crime is treason. Treason will not be tolerated. (people chattering) - Suki. I've come to warn you. Your friend, Cal Ragg, is under the strictest surveillance. Every one of his movements is being monitored. We know his intentions. - Well, I'm very happy for you. Congratulations. But frankly, I couldn't care less. - Now, it's no longer a question of if, but when. Cal Ragg will be arrested. - Lieutenant Damien, don't waste your energy. Your warning is starting to sound like a threat. - I just wouldn't want you to be mixed up in a story that's not your own. I do care about you, Suki. (Suki laughs) - It's gonna take more than that to conquer my heart. You can do better. What do you want from me exactly? (upbeat music) (door knocking) Cal. (door banging) - Hey, how you doing? - Hey, what's going on? - It's Cal, have you seen him? - No, I've been looking everywhere for him. Is he in trouble again? - I don't know. - He's gotta stop. He's gotta stop with all of this. - You really think Cal is going to let go? I thought you knew him better. - [Zel] I can read your thoughts as you can read mine. You are one of us. Yes, you are. (ominous music) I can read your thoughts as you can read mine. You are one of us. Yes. You are. Now, boy. Help me. It's not crazy. I can read your thoughts as you can read mine. Yes. You. You are one of us. - One of... One of what? - [Zel] Yes. You are a Man of the Cold. (doors creaking) - [Liam] You mean he just vanished? Do you have any idea where he could be? - No. - Look, if you know something, Suki, you must tell me, because if anything happened to Cal, I'd-- - I think he got real upset when he saw that Man of the Cold being taken away. I tried to quiet him down but he ran away. He didn't say anything. - You like him. - I don't have a family, so Cal has something inside him. It makes me feel like I'm part of his family. - Well, if you see him, tell him... No, no. - Wait, Mr. Ragg, what is it? - Well, it's just that I'm defending this Man of the Cold too. - [Counselor] You're defending this savage? - Well, he's a man, he deserves a defense. - He is a treasonous mutant, not a man. - That is for the judges to decide, not for me or for you. - [Palidor] Let us begin. - [Counselor] I would like to call the commander of the Pointsmen Construction Unit, Commander Aldo Hamsun. Commander, what happened the day Pointsman Cole was killed? - It was not an ordinary day. A new platoon of Pointsmen had arrived to take over supervision of the People of the Cold. After they had assumed their duties, they were attacked by a rail construction crew led by Zel. While the Pointsmen attempted to use minimal force, Pointsman Cole was assaulted and killed. - By the defendant? - No, not directly. But he had organized the revolt. He was the rail supervisor, and as such, the workers' actions were his responsibility. - Had the defendant been a problem before? - Yes, he had. He complained about the conditions constantly. He had attempted a revolt a month earlier. - [Counselor] Do you hold the defendant responsible for the death of your man? - Absolutely. And Cole was not a man. He was hardly more than a boy. A boy who was serving our entire society. - Why do you hold this man responsible? Did he strike the blow that killed the Pointsman? - No, not directly, but he may as well have. If he hadn't started the riot, that brave young man would still be alive. - What were the conditions under which the Men of the Cold were working on this railway line. - Fair and equitable. - And did you import any Men of the Cold from other areas to help with the speedy resolution of this project? - It was deemed unnecessary. - By whom? - Chief Executive Palidor. And I agreed, we had more than enough People of the Cold to complete the job. - Even though they were working day and night without any rest. - That's not true. - Even though you reduced their rations if they did not fulfill their quota of 200 meters of new railway line every day? Is it not true that this was not a revolt? This was a protest of the brutal beating of one of the elder members of the Men of the Cold. - There is no record of any such beating. - That does not mean that it did not happen. - If you choose to take his word over mine, I can't stop you. But the Pointsmen have never treated our workers unjustly. (somber music) - [Liam] I should like to question the defendant. - [Counselor] Objection. - [Liam] On what grounds? - [Counselor] You cannot question this creature. He is not human. It clearly states in our constitution that only humans can testify under court of law. - But his life is at stake. He must be allowed to speak for himself. - [Counselor] The constitution is clear. The defendant cannot speak. - But every man has his rights. - Your friend is not a man. - Let him speak. - Let it speak. (piano music) - I cannot blame you for not knowing what life is as a Man of the Cold. The truth is, I wonder if you still have the vision to recognize what the truth is. In this case, the truth is simple. There was no riot. There was no leader. There was no hero. We simply stopped working. We were tired. Exhausted. One of our elders could not work anymore. That's all. Sorry to disappoint you. The Pointsmen came to us with bars and clubs. The aggression was all theirs. We did nothing. Nothing, except defend ourselves. A man was killed. It was a tragic event for all of us. - That's enough, remove him. It is the view of this court that this evidence is inadmissible. The judges and I can only take into account Commander Aldo Hamsun's testimony. Ergo, unless Professor Ragg has any other evidence to present-- - [Zel] Help me. - [Cal] Yes, Zel. - [Palidor] And as customary, he will be sentenced to death. - [Cal] Now. (crowd screaming) Run. Run! - No! Stop him! Somebody, stop him! (upbeat music) - I don't know what he's talking about. - Dad, don't lie to me. He said I was one of them. That I was a Person of the Cold. Is it true? Are you? How about my mother? - None of us is of the cold. Look, I don't know where you get all these crazy ideas. - Zel, he told me. Without even speaking out loud. He can read my thoughts and I can read his. - Well, so he's telepathic. That doesn't make you anything other than a normal human being. - You know very many human beings who can do that? - Telekinesis. - Or that? - How long have you been able to do that? - Since I was hit by that beam of light. That thing that you said wasn't the sun. Who am I? I need to know. - You're my son. You appear to have some kind of psychic gift. That doesn't mean to say that you're a Man of the Cold. - You're lying to me. - Everything I tell you is for your own good. You have anything to do with the escape? - No. - Are you lying to me? - Everything I tell you is for your own good. - I was defending him. - I know, Dad, but honestly, did you think you had any chance of winning? - So this is what you do? - What are you talking about? - Give up? - Well, what else can I do? - You said you have a connection with him. You said you have the sixth sense. Find him. - Okay. (tense music) I can't do it with you staring at me. - Oh. - Yeah. - Right. Yeah, right. - [Zel] I can read your thoughts as you can read mine. - [Cal] Wow, it worked. Zel. Can you hear me? I wanna help you. Can you hear me? - [Zel] They've talked about a Man of the Cold who walks among warm men. - [Cal] So open the door to where you're hiding. (tense music) - Unbelievable. Thank you. I was right. - Right about what? (guns whirring) - We have to go. They're coming. What, can't you sense them? - No. - Maybe you're not one of us after all. - Follow me. (tense music) Hey. You gonna be okay? - I'll be okay. - It's just up here. - Is it safe? - Yeah. - Can you open this? - Yeah, sure. We don't have much time. (pleasant music) - [Suki] Do you think he made it? - Well, I haven't heard otherwise. But I don't think I'm one of them. - You only found him because the refrigeration unit was the logical place to look. - Yeah. Thank you. - Huh? - For thinking I'm so handsome. - I don't think that. - No, no, of course you don't. - Anyway, I have to go, I have a show tonight. Were you really able to read my mind? - No. It doesn't seem to work on humans. It only worked with Zel. - Okay. That's a relief. - Yeah. (both chuckling) - What? - So you do think I'm handsome. - What makes you think that? - Well, if you didn't think I was handsome, why would you have to ask if I can read your thoughts or not, huh? Hm. (doors creaking) (electronic music) (Multicom Jingle) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 