Grand Star: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Star 
 s1e8 - Chapter VIII - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Star (2007–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Chapter VIII - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Multicom Jingle) - [Narrator] Previously on Grand Star - Hey, this one's breathing. - You saved my life, but there are many more to be saved. - I don't know if I can do that. - Come on. - That's why you're here. - How do you know all this about me? - That old woman, who is she? - A renewer. - Where is she now? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I don't know where she is. - You have to be careful. If the Pointsmen get after you, I can't protect you. Just like Tara couldn't protect Kurt. - I'd run. I'd become a renewer. They exist, don't they? - Yes, a band of felons that believe the sun still exists, so what? - So they're right. The sun does exist. - I can read your thoughts as you can read mine. You are one of us. - One of what? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Every man has his rights. - Help me. - Now. Run! (dramatic music) (upbeat music) (beeps) - Secure dealing disconnected in KWW area. Substitute monitoring. - Eastern Horizon calling Deep Silence. Connect on intel line Alpha, twice, slash, authentication system, drop, drop, slash, 65 times 11. (computer sounds) Deep Silence, do you read me? Deep Silence, do you read me? - [Male Voice Through Radio] For security reasons, this conversation will not last more than 25 seconds. Identify yourself. - Eastern Horizon - [Male Voice Through Radio] What do you want? - Request for meeting. - [Male Voice Through Radio] When? 17 seconds remain. - Immediately. - Breech of protocol recorded. Request for scan intervention. - [Male Voice Through Radio] What's your priority level? Eight seconds left. - Urgent. - Six, five, four, three, two, authorization granted. (sigh) - What happened? - Unregistered rupture of link. - That's the Pacific. - Eastern Horizon, dad what are we doing here? We're in a restricted area. What's going on? - Cal, whatever you have seen, whatever you have heard, whatever you believe you have understood, you are to erase from your memory immediately. Am I making myself clear? - Dad, I need to know. - I know what you need, Cal. - There's just so many things happening around me that I, I don't understand. - Cal, I'm going to get down from the train. I have some important business. I'm not gonna tell you where I'm going, I'm not gonna tell you why I'm going, and then I'm gonna return and you are never going to ask me a single question about all this, all right? When I brought you along here, I knew what I was doing. I knew the risks I was taking. I need help. You're the only person who can give it to me. - What kind of help? - I want you to operate the frequency lines to give the impression that our activity is normal. Can you do that? - Yeah. - I can count on you? - Yes, I can do that. (upbeat music) - Hey, what's up? - I need some help. I didn't get the operating manual. - I beg your pardon? - Cal. - What happened? - Nothing, that's the problem. One day, I'm like the best thing that ever happened to him. We're like two angels clinging to each other. - And the next day? - We're like strangers - Suki, little Cal man is going through a lot right now. He's got a lot of stuff on his mind. Like, the sun, for starters. Could you imagine what it would be like to have the sun on your mind? - No and I don't want to, especially if it's going to make me forget all of the living beings around me. - Are you getting all wobbly on him? - I just can't take the risk of getting attached to someone who's going to abandon me later. I already know that story. (ominous music) (machine beeps) (ominous music) - [Machine] Identify yourself. - Eastern Horizon. - [Machine] You may proceed. (ominous music) - [Female Voice] I got your message. It was extremely dangerous for you to come here. You could jeopardize the entire base. - I had no choice, Palidor is preparing to displace the whole population of Grand Star in the coming weeks. I had to see you. - [Female Voice] Where are the people going to be relocated? - At New Station. - I thought you had clearly notified them that New Station did not possess enough energy resources to fulfill the needs of a new settlement. - I told them that, but they did not change their mind. - You must convince them. - But they do not care. - [Computer] Experiencing difficulties with our frequency line, but it's in repair. - This is Rigg for Grand Star, Pacific Grand Star Command. - We read you Pacific - That's Ragg's vehicle, isn't it? - [Computer] We're experiencing difficulties with our frequency line, but it's in repair. - [Male Voice Through Radio] We'll want a full report upon your return. - According to the information that I have supplied them, this relocation involved leaving behind 30,000 people in Grand Star, all of whom will die, and they are prepared to accept those terms as collateral damage. I have come to ask for authorization to reveal the true sources of geothermal power that I have found in the region of New Station. - I need to see Zel, please help me. I need to see Zel. - The truth is that there's enough power for everyone. This exodus is gonna happen, whatever we do and if 30,000 people die, you will have that on your conscience and so will I. - No, that's impossible. I'm sorry, but you will have to find a way to stall this displacement. We've waited too long. Years and years of hard work will be destroyed if this displacement is carried out. - I do not have the influence to do that. - We have no choice. Eastern Horizon, trust me. We have weighed all the implications of our decisions and none of them is totally satisfying. We are at war here, losing this battle could mean many more deaths than what you are suggesting. - So it's just a question of arithmetic. - Sorry? - Nothing. - Do your best. Be sure you have our total trust. (door opens) (door closes) - I love you, Cal. I love you so much. You're really the only reason I keep going. You know that, don't you? - Yeah. - There are so many things we don't understand and we have to keep going as if all this made sense. I guess it's called growing up. I lost your mother because, um, I was careless. I don't want anything to happen to you. I won't let anything happen to you. You know that, don't you? - Yeah. (sentimental music) It's okay, dad. It's okay. Hey, dad. I just wanted to tell you that I love you too. (upbeat music) - Professor Ragg, how are you? Would you mind joining us? - Why? - Oh, you'll have plenty of time to find out. (unintelligible voice on intercom) - See ya later. - This is the third time, Professor Ragg, that such an incident has occurred, involving the Pacific Software. You do realize that disconnecting yourself from the official frequency corridors is a crime? - Listen, I'm a geologist. I specialize in ice, not in computer communications. If your machines break down, that is not my responsibility. - So it did? - How should I know? Anyway, it was very brief wasn't it? The official frequency channels were re-established almost immediately. - True, true indeed. Well, in any case, from now on, any of your outward journeys from Grand Star, you'll be accompanied by one of our security personnel. - You people have no real work to do? (laughter) - No - Wait - Nothing - Wait, wait, I know I can do this. - You're not concentrating hard enough. Locomotive you must now move to prove that the spirit of Cal Ragg has been entrusted... - Will you shut up. - I'm trying to help. - You know, I'm starting to think that maybe I just dreamt all of this. - What are you talking about. You're crazy. Didn't you just say that you actually read somebody's thoughts? That you exploded that glass booth that Zel was in? You can't invent that. No, no, there's nothing to doubt. There is something behind this crazy sky of ours. The Pointsman, the Palidor are hiding something huge. If the sun really did not exist, then why would they spend so much energy on trying to destroy all the evidence of it, huh? If you're trying to hide something, it's because that something exists. You follow me? You can't hide something that doesn't exist, right? - Yeah, yeah I know that Kurt, but it's me that I'm unsure about. - Well, if you keep being so remote from everything, I know somebody you can count out of your life. Trust me, Suki can't take it. - Why did you not tell me about the geothermal resources around New Station? - I concealed no data from you. I gave you the truth. - Oh really, then I suppose you won't be amazed that I had to anticipate. - Anticipate? - The exodus out of Grand Star. - So you're closing down Grand Star. - That's right, goodbye Grand Star. Good morning New Station. - And you know that we do not have enough energy to supply New Station, that this exodus involves leaving 30,000 people without enough energy to live? We're just gonna leave them behind? Pretend they never even existed? - How many would die if we just sat here and did nothing? - I refuse that logic. - Oh, come on, Ragg. It's life. It's natural selection. You should know about that, I do. Mind you, it'll be me that's selecting. Oh, and Ragg, I want to know, that I can count on you. - You can count on me. (dramatic music) Oh, you can count on me. - I need to see Zel, please. I have to see Zel. I need, please help me. - Oh, can't it wait until tonight? We can talk about it over dinner. - Look, Tara, I need your full attention. - You're always so dramatic, Liam. I tell you what. You can have my full attention tonight. We can talk and talk about whatever you want, hmm? - Hey, dad. Dad. - I'm busy, Cal. - Well, when can I talk to you? - I have a lot on my mind at the moment. I have to concentrate. (sigh) Cal. What did you want? - I want to take out the Ice Fox. - Why? - Because I need to talk to Zel. - Zel? - Dad, Zel stirred something inside of my mind. I need to find out what and besides, you said, always follow your curiosity and that's... - Stop, you are not taking the Ice Fox. You're not going anywhere. (upbeat music) - Enjoy the show? - Always, always. Hey, I think you should stop by and see Cal. - What's going on? - Internal connectic wires all mixed up. - He's mixed up? Aren't we all? Look, I'll see what I can do. - That's all you have to say? - What else do you want me to say? He's searching for something really personal. - I guess I just expected a little more compassion. - This is not exactly a good spot to talk, Kurt. - Kurt Masters, you know we miss you at the academy. - Can I be honest? - Please do. - I've never felt so strong and ready to fight for meaningful things. Seriously, I'm jam packed with all sorts of stupid ideas like telling the truth to people. - Spoken like a true Pointsman. I know spending time at Cading would do you good. Now, if you would just excuse me. I, I feel privileged, just walking alongside you. It fills me with pride. - Lieutenant - Suki, why don't you call me Damien, just for once? - My world and yours are different. Mine's constantly moving. I'm here one day. I'm gone the next. - Yes, but you're here now, aren't you? - What? You know, there's Cal. - I know, but I can wait. (dramatic music) (wind blows) - Palidor is preparing an exodus from Grand Star. He wants to get a majority vote at the next council meeting. - Liam, Liam, Liam. - But, you need to know what's going on. - Can't we talk about something else than substitute energies and Palidor's games? - These are not games. This is serious. - You never know what I want to talk about. You never do. - No, I do. - You don't. - I do. - All right then, I'm listening. It better be good. You're so self-obsessed. You think I'm going to remind you that we're both single, that we both share common interests, and that one day reason should manage our lives and that we should think about sharing our destiny. Isn't that what you expect me to say? (sigh) Maybe I better go. - No, Tara. I'm sorry. - So what kind of a game are you playing, huh? I can't quite figure it out. Damien? Of all the people, you have to hang out with Damien? Suki. Hey, my buddy, brother, soulmate, Cal Ragg, trusts you like a baby trusts its mother and you betray him with some low-end, brainwashed hate monger who doesn't know the difference between a smile and the end of the world? What am I supposed to think? Suki! Okay, I understand if you don't care at all what I think, but what about Cal? Don't you feel something for him? He loves you! He trusts you! He dreams about you! - One, what's between Cal and me, you leave alone. You don't try to understand, but I'll never betray him. Two, in my world, people are not just black and white. They all have some good. I'm sorry to say it, but Damien does know the difference between a smile and the end of the world. (upbeat music) - You shouldn't have come here. - Why not? - Because it's not safe. - I'm used to not safe. - I already got Kurt in trouble. - He doesn't hold it against you. He's still your friend. Besides, you got him out of trouble. - Yeah, and one day I won't be able to, then what? I just don't want to get you people involved. - Too late. I am involved. - Yeah, but you don't understand. This is getting big. My father is... - Is what? What happened, Cal? - Nothing, nothing at all. We just did some drilling. - Usually when you get back, you're pleased to see me. - I am pleased. - No, no. You're secretive and... - And what? - And scared? - What would I be scared of? I just don't want to see you get hurt. - Cal, you know what? I think you convinced me. - I did? - Yeah. You're absolutely right. We have to play it safe. No touch. No see. No speak. No hurt. No pain. It's a deal. - Suki. (sad music) (upbeat music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 