Grand Star: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Star 
 s1e10 - Chapter X - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Star (2007–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Chapter X - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Multicom jingle) - [Narrator] Previously on "Grand Star." - On your knees! - Why are you doing this? - My parents will never let you leave. Go! Do you recognize me? - [Cal] Yeah, you're Jonah. - Then you know why I'm here. - No. - You liar! After you left, the Pointsmen came and took my parents! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - This kid's alone, he has no parents, no friends, he's got nothing. I promised him we'd find them. - What's going on? - It's okay. It's just a blackout. - These blackouts are the fault of the Renewers! This endangers our plans for the exodus! - This kid is gonna become an orphan. - [Cal] Jonah's parents are being held in a prison in transporting sector G4. They've even got a bunch of Pointsmen there waiting for us. - Piece of cake, Cal. (intense music) (ice crackling) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - And? - I came to tell you that I was sorry, and that I was suspicious that something happened between you and Damien. And it was stupid of me even to ask you to go talk to Damien to see where Jonah's parents were anyway. I mean, it was very very disrespectful of me, and I want you to know that I think you are one of the most decent people I've ever met. I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings, and thank you for listening to me. (funky music) - Cal? Come here. You don't think you can just walk away like that. Come on, I won't bite. Closer. Closer. One more step. I need a kiss. - How come you always decide when we get to kiss? - Because, we would never kiss otherwise. (funky music) - What took you so long, huh? Don't you wanna go risk our lives to rescue Jonah's parents? - Of course I do. - Well then let's go! We have to get there before Heinrick is off shift. I had to listen to so many Pointsman stories from my former comrades to find out who was on shift. Heinrick had better be there, the silly fool. (machinery beeping) (intense music) (monitors beeping) - We could ask Suki to come help. - We don't need her. You just want her by your side 'cause you're afraid she's gonna run off again. - No, not after what just happened. - What, what'd she do, what'd she say? Come on! - She, she said she needed a kiss. - I love it, I love it, I love it, then what? - I'm not saying anything else. - Pfft, did you ask her what happened with Damien? I mean, he told her where Jonah's parents are being held. That's pretty confidential information. She must have done something. - Hey, you're talking about someone I really care about, okay? So I'm gonna say it once more, stop. - I'm just trying to figure out-- - Stop! (intense music) - Okay good, he's here. Watch this. - So much for handling it quietly. (suspenseful music) - [Kurt] Heinrick buddy, long time no see! - I know you, don't I? - Do you know me? Are you kidding me? It's Kurt. Kurt Masters. Ah, you're killin' me. Soon as I found out you were here, I rushed right down. - Kurt Masters? Never thought I'd see you again. - Hey hey, I'm here incognito so I'm gonna have to ask for a little restraint, okay? You look good though, man. You look happy, life's treatin' you well? Heinrick, my man. I do a little freelancing for you guys now. Yeah, a little plainclothes, a little side work, a little hush-hush work. - That so? - Yeah, it's great pay, great pay, but you have to be really silent about all this, okay? That's my buddy. Hey, all this is confidential, right? - Of course, hey, I'm used to that! - I know you are, buddy, I know you are. That's also why I sought you out. - Hey, why don't we tell him why we're here? - My buddy here always sticks to the point, I like that. Listen, there's a couple prisoners here that you have in your custody we need to interrogate. - Prisoners? - Yeah, top secret operation. We have to get in there and extract some information before they're taken away. - Yeah, your superior said you wouldn't interfere with our mission, and we know they're in there. - Hey, you're not gonna interfere with our mission, are ya? - Hey, gotcha. - So about those prisoners? - What are we gonna do about it? - So, they pay you, they feed you. It's a good deal. - Yeah, except I don't ever settle anywhere. I've no real home. Jonah, the truth is I'm not free. The cabaret owns me. They bought me when I was a child. I have to follow them around, whether I want to or not. - You're a slave. - [Suki] Some people say that. (knocking) - I'll get it. (door creaks) Hey, who's this guy? - He's a friend. Come in, Lieutenant Damien. - No, I'll um, I'll come back later. - Yeah, see you later. - Uh Jonah? We're gonna have to have a little talk, young man. - You're a good man, Heinrick. My superiors will be very pleased. (ominous music) - No. Please, please listen to me. I'm gonna get you outta here. - You destroyed our lives! - Yeah, and now I came to fix it. - Where's my son, where's Jonah? - He's in Grand Star, he's safe. He's with my friend Suki. - He's not supposed to come here, not ever. - You should be happy that he did. The only reason we found you is because of him. Just a second, Heinrick, please! Come on, we gotta get outta here. - Okay okay, tomorrow I'm gonna come back, get you outta here, I'll be there with your son, and I'll take you guys home. - Why should we trust you? You brought the Pointsmen to us. - I'm sorry. If in any way I was involved with that, I'm trying to fix it. You have to trust me! Can't you see I'm trying to help? Look. Tomorrow night this train will be back in Grand Star. Use that to subdue the guard on duty. I'll come back to get you. - Get us and our son home, please. - Come on, let's go. (somber music) (intense music) Lieutenant Damien! Just the man I wanted to see. - Not really the moment, Kurt. - I just, I have to ask you really quickly, have you captured any of those awful, awful, terrible terrorists that have been causing these blackouts? - They're not acts of sabotage, Kurt. They're merely power shortages, all right? - Okay, but I gotta tell you that the rumor on the street is that there is a wild pack of Renewers that are planning a string of attacks, so I don't know, maybe you guys should plan a retaliation instead of spending your time flirting. - Do you realize what you're saying, Kurt Masters? - I am merely concerned for the safety of the citizens of Grand Star Station. - Yes, well why don't you let us professionals do the worrying about security, hm? (dramatic music) (Kurt laughs) Go! - Oh no. That's too perfect. What? - Are you trying to get us arrested? - I don't know, every time I see a Pointsman I just get fired up now. This is not my fault, you started this! - You need to control your emotions, all right? - I can't, I've got a sunrise in my head. I've gotta let it out! - What, what are you talking about? - You don't even see it. The way that he cruises around the cabaret, I can't stand it! He's totally after Suki, and you're blind to it, and it's driving me crazy! - I am not blind, okay? I know very well that he's all over Suki. And it hurts me more than anything. - And yet you're standing here, and you're doing nothing about it. (dramatic music) - Life's full of surprises. Last week, everything was fine. Now there are power cuts, attacks. Palidor's going to announce the relocation of the population. Things are moving so fast. What's going on? - Too many lies, too many years. Something had to give. We're using energy we don't even have. - And these Renewers of the Sun have the answer for everything, hm? What? - Oh, nothing. I hadn't realized your eyes sparkle like that when you are sarcastic. - You came to tell me that? - [Liam] No. - What is it, Liam? - If anything happened to me, you'd look after Cal? - As usual, you're a million light years late. Kurt and Cal are like brothers. You don't think I've already considered that possibility? I know something could happen with this crazy work of yours. Cal will always be part of my family. - Thank you, Tara. - It's not the boys I'm worried about, it's you. (upbeat music) - And then, what happens? - Well, we take you and your parents back to your home. - Can't we go in a couple of days? - Absolutely not. - Okay. - Okay good, it's settled. Tomorrow you're going home. (upbeat music) - Lieutenant Damien. I have a report here about a group of commuters on one of our trains having a conversation about the Renewers of the Sun. A nice, cozy little conversation on one of our trains about the sun! You have one function in life, Damien, and that's to stop that! - I'm doing the best I can with the means I have. - Do you have any information about Professor Ragg? - Jonah. Jonah, this isn't a game. Has anyone seen Jonah? Have you seen Jonah? Oh is he gonna get it when I get my hands on him, Jonah! Jonah! (intense music) When I went to get him this morning, he was gone. - You're sure? - Yes! Yeah, I looked everywhere. - Okay, hey hey. Hey relax, okay? - Cal, I should've known. - No, we'll find him. - I should've known. - Suki, we'll find him. - If we don't find him, Cal, I just don't wanna say, but-- - Hey, we'll find him. - This is all my fault. - No. It's no one's fault. We'll find him. (tense music) - Never seen you around. - Just arrived. - Arrived? No one arrives here. Where are you from? - The truth? - Well if you want to stay down here, yes, the truth. - I'm running from the Pointsmen. - Hm, that was the right answer. I didn't say you couldn't follow us. (intense music) - Ladies and gentlemen, members of the council, I'm very proud to announce that the new station is ready. I have decided, therefore, and I hope the council will reach the same conclusion, that the only solution to our energy problem is to rapidly relocate our population to New Station. - Members of the council, we will now vote. - [Liam] I should like to propose a motion. - A motion? - Yes. I propose that we delay the exodus from Grand Star for at least a year. I've visited the New Station site, and I don't believe it's habitable. - Professor Ragg, you're a dreamer, a dangerous, delusional dreamer. - We're gonna have to leave people behind. What will happen to them? - While all dreamers dream, Ragg, history must do what it has to do. (intense music) - Hey, you guys hang back. I'll handle this. Hey Jonah, hear me out. - I'm thirsty. (intense music) I'm not going. - Jonah, it's not safe here. Okay, and I told your parents-- - You think my parents will ever be safe again? - If you don't leave, you'll never see your parents again. - It's my choice. - Jonah, they're your family. Jonah, I've never even seen my mother. I would give anything just to look at her face. You can't abandon them. - It's time for me to live my life. - Hey, you are very courageous, Jonah, but you don't know what life is here. Okay, it's a lot harder than you think. - You can teach me. - Here are the results of Liam Ragg's resolution. Those in favor of continuing with the exodus as planned, six. Those opposed, five. Therefore, the exodus will proceed as planned. - Good. - There'll be more and more of these power failures. - Professor Ragg, I've heard that people are saying that the elite are hoarding energy resources. Have you heard the same? - Yes I have heard rumors, sir. But that is nothing compared to what'll happen if we leave 30,000 people behind to die. - I'm sure our technicians will find a solution. - Have you contacted the other stations? Couldn't they take them in? - No, they're already at full capacity. Professor Ragg, we built New Station based on your recommendations that there were large amounts of resources to be found there! Now that we've built it, we must move on! - I never indicated that we would find enough energy at New Station to sustain our population! - Professor Ragg, as a scientist, and I use the term advisably, you're just not accustomed to making political decisions! - As a scientist, I am not accustomed to meting widespread and systematic lies! - Five. Five council members voted for Ragg's proposal. That's intolerable. I want to know their names, I want to know their motivations, and I want to know them now, fast. - Consider it done, sir. (ominous music) - Fast, Damien! (wind whistling) (intense music) - Oh, where's my son? - Come with us. - Where's Jonah? - It's not the place to talk, he's safe. (intense music) - [Woman] Where's my son? - He chose to stay. - Then we go back and get him. - No, we can't do that. - The Pointsmen are going to be looking for you, okay? It's a matter of minutes. - Look, I'm taking you home, that was the deal. - Not without our son. - I tried. We all tried to convince him to go back with you. - He chose? - Yeah, he wanted to stay in Grand Star. See what his life would be like here. Why, I don't know. Maybe he just needed some space. Needed to see a part of the world he'd never seen before. - If you had never, never shown up in our lives! - I'm sorry. - Because of you, we've lost our son! - He's not lost. - He is to us. - Look, he made a decision about his life. There comes a time when he has to make the decisions. - Come on, come on, come on. - We have to go. Come on. (somber music) - Is this world ever going to be a peaceful place? - Hey, don't get all moody on me. - Sometimes I wish so hard we would've lived in the past. You know, when there was a sun. - Well that's a choice we don't have. This is our world. Just gonna have to make it work, no? (somber music) (intense music) (Multicom jingle) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 