Grand Star: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Star 
 s1e3 - Chapter III - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Star (2007–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Chapter III - full transcript 
 Cal(Tyler Johnston) and Liam(Peter Hudson) are puzzled when Cal is forced to remove his glove and suffers no frostbite. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Multicom Jingle) - [Narrator] Previously on Grand Star. - Don't deny what you saw. You saw the past and the future together. - The pointsmen massacred a bunch of people. She said she saw the sun. - Shh, we're going to get into real trouble and I don't wanna be apart of it. - The old world's dead and if you don't find us a place where we can relocate. - We will go the way of the dinosaurs. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I'm not scared. - [Man] Well you should be. - I am the authority, until you understand that you will find me on your badge. - She can't stay here any longer. - Where do we take her? - There's a place which was once called Hopeston. I have people there. - There's just something inside of me that keeps pulling me. (dramatic music) 154 meters below initial drilling point. Temperature's minus 122 degrees Celsius. - Check the ice resistance. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - 5.7 but it's strange, it seems to be diminishing. Yeah five point six, five point five. - Check the density Cal. - It's low. - We got a problem. Check the temperature again. - Dad, Dad the temperatures rising extremely fast. Dad we hit a geothermal. - Turn it off Cal, turn it off. Cal turn it off, turn it off Cal! Ah, stop it! - Dad, Dad! Dad, Dad, you okay? - I'm okay. - Okay. - Hey, your gloves! Can you feel your fingers? Put your gloves on Cal! - Must've been the adrenaline. - Go and get your gloves! Cal. - [Narrator] From the beginning of time the sun was center of our solar system, but in the early years of the 21st century all that changed. They called it global warming. At first, they thought it was a man made anomaly but they were wrong. Our sun was going super nova and as rapidly as the temperature plummeted, our sun was dying. We harnessed the fuel for molten rock buried deep beneath the earth's core and built new homes. A new civilization that would endure until the end of time. - So. - Well that's the official story. - And you don't believe it. - No I don't believe it. - You little rich kid, if you had to worry about staying alive, you wouldn't have time for all these silly ideas, sun, no sun, who cares. - You don't understand, sorry I wasted your time. - Hey, why don't you believe all this? (scoffing) Wait tell me. Cal, tell me. Oh yeah, right, I'm just a girl from the cabaret. What can I understand, of course you're the son of the great scientist Liam Ragg and your mother must also be some famous-- - I don't know my mother, I've never known her. And I never will. - I'm sorry. Maybe I should go. (upbeat music) - There's something happening to me. - Yeah, her. - No not Suki, me, if I think something, it starts to happen. - Okay what are you talking about? - When we were trying to get that old woman to safety. - Come on let's go. - Take this door down. - Damien and his men tried to break the door and I willed it closed. - It was locked. - No it wasn't, we rushed in there to get the old lady into the Pacific. We didn't have time to lock the door behind us. - So it got jammed or something. - No it didn't. I wanted the door to close and it did. - Okay yeah, no okay, you're magic, I get it. - You're not listening to me, I didn't say I was magic. - Shh. - Okay yesterday on the ice, I took my glove off to help my old man. No frost bite, no nothing. - So you didn't have it off for long enough. - No, that old lady said I was special. - Well Cal I've always known that. - That I had a destiny to fulfill. I need to talk to her. - To say what, you're completely crazy right now. You don't even know where to go. - I overheard her tell my father where to bring her. - Do you want to know what I think? I think it's a good thing that she's gone. Listen to yourself, fulfilling your destiny and special powers and saying that you saw the sun. You need to get back to living in the real world Cal. - CEO Palidor's asked me to join a geo recon team. They think they found a new thermal. - How long you going for? - Oh I serve at the request Palidor. - As does everyone else around here. - Yeah. How are you? - Fine, why? - Well don't take your gloves off on the ice. I need your hands. - That old lady, Ma Ker, she said that I had a destiny to fulfill. - Well she was right, we all do. - Well do you have any idea of what mine is? Did my mother? - Your mother wanted you to be happy, like all mothers with their sons. I won't be gone more than a couple of days. Try to stay out of trouble. - Flight Constable. - Damien, will Grand Star be safe in your absence? - My only concern is CEO Palidor's safety. - And you don't see me as a threat to that safety? - Course not, Mister Ragg. The only serious threat would be coming from a renewer. Please. - Thank you. - Find out what you can from him. Whatever it takes lieutenant. Whatever it takes. - [Damien] Yes president Palidor. - S, I knew that reason would prevail and that you would come to me. - Oh you are funny, Kurt. But I came to talk about Cal. - I think you should stay away from Cal. Ever since the first day you met, you've been all upside down feeling all these weird things. And now he wants to go talk to that crazy old woman. - And you, do you believe all that stuff about the sun existing? - I don't even think about it like that. Cal is my best friend, if he needs me then I'm there for him, sun or no sun. - What happened to his mother? - She died giving birth to him. - Don't do that. What are you doing here? - Coming with you. - No Suki, this doesn't involve you. - Really, I'm coming with you. - Well then I guess we're all going in that case. - I don't need you guys. - And we're not letting you go on your own. - So you don't really have a choice. And unlike your friend here, I may actually be able to protect you. (laughing) - I get shotgun. (dramatic music) - There it is. - [Kurt] Cal I got bad feeling about this. - [Cal] Too late to turn back now, let's go. - [Suki] What is this place? - [Cal] Looks like an old fisherman's village. - [Kurt] Cal there's nothing here. - On your knees! On your knees! (Kurt coughing) - [Kurt] It stinks. - Silence, who are you, what are you doing here? - My name is Cal Ragg and I'm here to look for an old lady named Ma Ker. - There is no one here like that. - My father brought her here. - Your father lied to you. - Oh man, I can't believe he lied to us. I'm so sorry for this inconvenience guys. We'll just, stay or whatever you guys want. I'm gonna sit back down. - Watch them. Hey do you think he's Liam's child? - If he is Liam's child. Wouldn't he have told us he was coming. What if they work for Palidor. That would be why they'd be looking for Ma Ker. - [Man] We must consult the others. - You know I've often regret that Cal never attended the academy with me. - Well it wasn't for him. - How is he doing anyway? You know, we were friends once, but now you see. - Cal knows his own mind. If you want to renew your friendship that's up to you. - Yes but, you're his father, I was hoping you could impress on him the need to cooperate. He could live a long and prosperous life, if he chooses to work for the greater good. - We all work so that Grand Star can continue to prosper, lieutenant. - What do you want this woman for? Do you know she's an enemy of Palidor? - We found her out in the ice and we brought her back in the Grand Star, his father saved her life. - You know who she is, don't you? And she was here, wasn't she? - We sent out a search team to the sector that you examined last week, you had told CEO Palidor, there was no geothermal source down there. Or certainly, not enough to power a new station. Why did you lie? - I didn't lie, I was just explaining that-- - I shall need someone to accompany Mister Ragg outside. Thank you. - You have to get out of here now. - That old woman was she here? - Yes, but she's gone. - Why are you doing this? - My parents will never let you leave. - Why, what did we do to them? - You discovered us, where we live, that's enough. - Okay, follow me. (coughing) - Now that old woman, who is she? - A renewer. - Where is she now? - I don't know where she is. Go, go! - You know, I'm starting to think maybe you should've listened to your father. (gasping) - I have a couple questions. I'd say you have about five minutes to answer them. - Why are you doing this? I've known you since you were a kid. - Why did you falsify your report? - I didn't. - Five minutes may have been optimistic. We found thermal power, at the site of the new station you said was dormant. Why did you lie? - There wasn't enough energy at that site. Wasn't enough to cover the drilling, I didn't lie. - We'll investigate that. Now I need the truth, are you a renewer, or just sympathetic to their cause. - Would we ever to do you? - It's what you will do. - What? - Reveal where we are. - No way. - I can't risk that, this is our home. We have lived here in peace all these years, since the great freeze and we wish to live here for many more, if the pointsmen ever find us-- - They won't, okay, you have my word. - If only I could believe that. - Liam are you a renewer? Are you a renewer? - No. - Do you believe their lies? - What lies? - The lies that the sun still exists. - No the sun is dead. - All power, all source of life belongs to? - Electrical. - And who do you work for? - We all work for electrical and electrical works for us. - Cover him up. - Dad don't! - We have too, I'm raising you to be a free man. If the pointsman find us, you'll be a slave. - That's not true I live in Grand Star station and I'm not a slave. - That's because you live under the rule of the pointsmen. And any freedom you have is because they have granted it. We will not live like that. - I'm here because I hate the pointsmen. I'm here because I believe there's a better life than the one we are all living. - The pointsmen kill anybody who does not submit to them. You shouldn't have come here. - We have no choice. - No. - Jonah get out of the way. - You told me we were peaceful. The sons and daughters of fishermen, not murders. - I'm sorry. - Jonah get out of the way, we must kill them. - No, no way. - You don't have to do this. If I think something, it starts to happen. - What's going on? - I don't know. - Dad, don't. - Drop them. Drop them! Now where did that old women go? - You're one of them. - I am who I said I was, now where did she go? - The Renewers took her yesterday. - Where? - I don't know. - Where? - I swear I don't know. - We will be leaving now and we will tell no one about your whereabouts, hopefully you can live your life in peace. - I tried to help you. - Let's go. - That was, that was pretty weird. What Cal did to those people. - There are people in the cabaret. Mesmers who can do what Cal did, mind over matter. - I've never seen him do anything like that before. - Maybe he never had to. - There are many more to be saved. - I don't know if I can do that. - I tried to help you. - When'd you get in? - Oh just now. - Found what you were looking for? - Nuh-uh, how about you? Been up to anything? - Nah, not much. Dad, when do you know if you've done the right thing. - Oh, I don't know Cal, I guess, when you see the results. - The ends justify the means. - In the world we live in now, I guess it's the only thing that counts. - I'm not interested in what you tried to do lieutenant. I'm interested in what you actually found, which is nothing! What I'm trying to tell you in my rather convoluted way is that my patience is a breaking point, I need to know! You need to find out, we need to act! Otherwise you know how these things end, rather badly, no? (dramatic music) (Multicom Jingle) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 