The Order: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Order 
 s2e3 - Fear Itself, Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Order (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Fear Itself, Part 1 - full transcript 
 The Knights raid the Order's magic vault, Alyssa confides in Randall about her fading powers, and romance blooms between Lilith and Nicole. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Sorry. I was running an errand for my tutor. I should be your tutor. Selena and Nicole and Angus got to keep theirs. I don't know why I got singled out. Keep theirs, what? You know what we should do at break? Go to my parents' in Saint Lucia. It's gorgeous. Oh, yeah, I can't do that. You can and you will. I want to show off that hot bod of yours. My brother's gonna get an eating disorder. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [clears throat] Um... Oh, damn, I'm late. You don't have a class. No, I'm doing... I'm meeting Chad for a one-on-one. He's helping me finesse my basket toss. Ah, I knew you'd like cheer. Are you kidding me? I live for cheer squad. I'm just praying someone sprains an ankle, so first alternate gets his big break. We can only hope. I miss you already. Your cupie could use some work, too. I thought I could do this, Hamish, but... this whole Order thing is making me queasy. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Look, I know things are a mess right now, but the only way out is through. You're right. No guts, no glory. Heads up. Oh, look. It's the Hardy Boys. For acolytes who just met, you guys are pretty tight. Well, it does feel like we've known each other for a while. You can't fight your feelings. Yes, you can, but what's the point? Kiss me. -Let's get out of here. -Mm. Excuse me. Oh! [chuckles] Called it. Flos conspice. Cute... if you're into that kind of thing. The incantation you're using is mihi transferat. Mihi transferat. So, gee, I wonder who's a total natural around here. It's a pretty easy spell. No spell is easy. You're light-years ahead of where I was in my training. You should be really proud of yourself, because I am-- I-- You can't stand compliments. Shut up. I... It makes you even more adorable. I have to go. I found your on/off button. I like your shoes! "I like your shoes"? [sighs] She's not wrong. It could use a little work. Hey, my cupie is tight. If I wanted to act this much, I would have majored in theater. I've scheduled fake texts every 15 minutes, so I always have an excuse to get away from Gabrielle. Smart. Randall and I had to kiss each other to get away from our monitors. [Randall] Yeah. "Had to." We "had to." What I hate is how everything's a lie, even if it doesn't feel that way. Well, at least you're lying to each other. Doesn't make it any easier. Sometimes I wish I'd never gotten my memory back. Sure would be a lot more peaceful. Guys, you don't mean that. We'd be total strangers. I feel like a stranger to myself. I have to live in a fake apartment with fake friends. At least you have your own stuff, and your own place. I mean, Gabrielle treats me like her own private Ken doll. She must have really hated her Ken dolls. -Crash here. -[Hamish] No. We agreed. This place is only for debriefs, and the occasional cocktail. That's it. We have to destroy them. Let's go, right now. That's a great fantasy, but we're a month into classes and we have yet to come up with a decent plan. Even if we did, they still have all our stuff. Our hide lockers, Midnight. No, they don't have all of our stuff. They stole it. So let's steal it back. [chuckles] No, no, look, all of our stuff is in their vault. So if we take it back and we steal all of their stuff, doesn't matter if anyone knows we have our memories back or not, 'cause we would have ripped the heart out of the Order and left them spurting arterial blood all over the wall. Are you suggesting a magic heist? Yes. Magic heist. Magic heist! Magic heist! Magic heist! Magic heist! Magic heist! Magic heist! Magic heist! Magic heist! Sanguis meus tuas laminas acuit. Sanguis meus tuas laminas acuit. [Jack] There's only one entrance to the vault, and it's in the reliquary. It's a secret door behind one of the bookcases, so access is no problem. And the corridor itself is a cakewalk. No booby traps, no secret handshakes. The door doesn't even have a lock. [door creaks] Sanguis meus tuas laminas acuit. [continues speaking Latin] It's shocking how easy this is going to be. Only challenging part will be moving everything out and stashing it. May be able to help with that. [Jack] This is unbelievable. You own this but you were still living at the den? Well, I find wolfing out in downtown Norwich basically impossible. -Will this hold the contents of the vault? -Yeah, this'll hold everything [Randall] We're doing a magic heist! I can't believe you own this apartment. I own the building. You do realize we have one small problem. And that is? None of us can access the reliquary. Shit. Lilith's right. We're gonna need a Magistratus. Or, at least their access sigil. [Alyssa speaks Latin] -[Jack] Alyssa. -[Alyssa] Damn it. What are you doing here? Returning this. What are you doing? Ooh, you look like Pete after he tried cooking pancakes that one time. I'm trying to fix my magic. [exhales deeply] Just give it a few days. It'll work itself out. It will. [scoffs] It's one thing for my magic not to work. -It's a whole other to-- -Hurt someone. I get it. I... killed that girl. I know the feeling. Let me help you here. You didn't tell anyone, did you? Tell them what? About my magic. I meant that like, "Tell them what?" because there's nothing to tell. Except for my secret. My homicidal secret. Yeah, I mean, the last thing you'd want is anyone here to find out you don't wanna kill someone. It's not funny. It's kind of funny. Alyssa. Hey. It's gonna be okay. No, it's not. This... is my everything... and now I'm losing it. Mihi transferat. What? You'll get it back. Wait, what? Your magic, you're going to get it back. No, before that, you said something else. Alyssa, I'm just trying to be supportive here. Are you? Well, I thought I was. I guess you know better. [Alyssa sighs] -Are you sure this is gonna work? -What happens if it doesn't work? This better work. It's gonna work, guys. Hm, Milton. Mm, Goethe. [speaks Latin] -Dante. -Ahh. Smell you. Big sign over Pop's bathroom, and truer words were never spoken. This is too easy. It's like Vera wants to be robbed. Candy from a baby. Don't jinx it. [roaring noise] [Randall] Guys? [Jack] What's happening? -Hamish. Lilith. Randall! -[Randall] Guys? [Hamish] Guys? Where'd everyone go? Where have I gone? Guys? Keep your eyes open. Looks like there's a good-sized spider around here someplace. What do you get when you cross a spider and a squirrel? You get a bug that will climb your leg and eat your nuts. [laughing] Why did the spider cross the road? There was no spider. He's a metaphorical manifestation of your pathological and subconscious fear! Jack? Hamish? Lilith? You're one of us, Randall. Guys. Hamish, Lilith, Randall, where are you? Alyssa? Hey. -Hey! -[Alyssa screams] No! No, no, no. No. [Jack] No! [groans] -A ventriloquist doll? -Oh. Stupid Ricky Simarco and his stupid fifth birthday party. What'd you see? Nothing. Nothing? Nothing. Oh. At least now I know why Alyssa calls it the fear corridor. You didn't think to tell us that before leading us down the creepy-ass hallway that turns our worst fears into a reality? It wasn't like that when I went with her. So what was it like? It was a hell of a lot less scary. [Hamish] Jack, buddy, specificity is kind of important right now. We went through the entrance, and she told me it was called the fear corridor, and then she took my hand as we passed under the inscription. The inscription must be some kind of enchantment. Alyssa must have some kind of neutralizer. Did she utter an incantation? Was she carrying anything? She was wearing a necklace I'd never seen before. Big amulet. About so big with a raised symbol on it? Yeah, an inscription around the edge. I've seen Vera wearing the same one. Mm, Vera. Sounds like we need that amulet. I burned all my good will with Alyssa. We'll just have to go to the source. Redi ad ista inferna in quorum genitus es. -And then you stab-- -With the sickle. Yes, I know. This isn't a dance recital. [sighs] I'm here to help. May I? [grunting] [chuckles] This takes me back, huh? Remember that first convention in DC? The night out with the Brazilian chapter? How could I forget? You keep using that one same photo for all your social media profiles. Well, every time I try to change it, someone messages me to switch it back. Mm. Excuse me, Grand Magus. I figured it was 5:00 somewhere and you might want a cocktail. -We're busy. -Yes, please. The Julian Assange for you. -And a Grand Magus for the Grand Magus. -Mm. Mm. Similar to a Winter's Eve, with a twist. Thank you, acolyte. You're welcome. What is this, vodka and nut milk? It's horchata and brennivín. The subtlety isn't for everyone. How is yours, Magus? Very spirit-forward, but intriguing. I hate nut milk. I'm glad you like it. Why is it called the Julian Assange? Well, he did overstay his welcome at the Ecuadorean embassy. You get it? Think so. Prodatur quod visum est. [faint distortion noise] So evocative. I'm reminded of Sebnem Ugural's portraiture. Sweet use of that fine arts education. Well, I'll tell you, the necromancer version of this was hella messier. What's this called? Optography. Selena showed it to me. She's actually a fine tutor. Well, you know, except for the part where I hate the Order, I'm actually enjoying the training this time around. It's definitely easier when you already know what you're doing. I feel like I'm absorbing more. Yeah, great, the Order's amazing. Let's buy them a present. Relax, buddy. No one's lost the plot. Yeah, we're still gonna burn it down. But it is cool to learn new things. Okay. I will get this 3D-printed... [camera sound] ...and then we are saying goodbye to optography and the Order. Actually, I just learned an incantation that could replicate it without the 3D print... [Jack] Okay. [scoffs] So, who wants to do the honors? Okay. Here we go. [clears throat] Didn't you say something about... holding hands? As we pass under the inscription, we have to. [Randall] Mm-hm. It's not 'cause I'm scared. Yeah. It's protocol. Exactly. Protocol. Nothing else. It's gonna work, you guys. Magic heist. -Magic heist. -Magic heist. [roaring noise] [groans] [exhales deeply] Anyone got a plan C? [clears throat] Oh, all right. Uh, wave hello to Salvador, and then settle yourselves. She's my new TA, which makes her your new TA, and she'll be making my life easier when she takes over the class on Thursdays. Also, I understand the AV system. Quit bragging. [low] They're so banging. [girl chuckles] [woman in video speaks Latin] Is that Latin? [students gasp] Shopped! It's photoshopped. [man] Buzzkill. Well, you all looked like believers until Mighty Mouth here yelled, "Fake!" So what changed your minds? Oh, come on, it's obviously fake. Someone just happens to come across it at exactly the right moment? So it's fake because of timing? -Where did you even find this? -[Foley] Oh. Now its providence makes a difference as to whether it can be real or not. -Maybe. -[Foley] Okay. Fine, let's say it's fake. Let's say whoever filmed this went to all that trouble. Why? For clicks, obviously. To convince you that everything you see is unverifiable. Why do that? To control the narrative. If you can convince everyone that the truth is fake... well... then you can keep the truth and the power to yourself. Are you disagreeing with me? We need to tell Vera. Tell her what, that a professor showed us a video? A video of some rando practicing magic. -And why did you-- -[clears throat] Don't forget to pick me up at 6:00. -We're going to dinner tonight, remember? -Yeah, I wouldn't forget. Surprised to see you trying independent thinking on for size. [Gabrielle] So was I. I didn't think your zip code went for it. Don't worry. I fully expect to be back in line by graduation. [Foley] Well, I hope not. Everyone these days wants college to be a safe place, but I think it should be the most dangerous place on Earth. Intellectually speaking. If you don't spend undergrad challenging the system... what a waste of four years. Yeah, well, I'll take that under advisement. You should. Babe, we need to get going. No question who's controlling his narrative. -[Foley scoffs] -Got that right. What was all that about? Once again, the one percent is to blame for everything wrong in this world. When did it become okay to blame us? If you prick us, do we not bleed? I'm not sure Shakespeare thought that the rich was a disenfranchised minority, -but... -Believe me, there are days I'd be glad to not be so special. I'd trade places with that TA and her ridiculous wardrobe, even, to get out of this demon containment Vera's got me doing. What? Demon containment? Some big demon who pops up every now and again, and apparently he's some sort of issue, and it's so not fun. I thought demons would be fun. No, no, yeah. Yeah, demons should be fun. Demons. [music playing] We summon a demon to do our heist. There are hundreds to choose from. They all do different things. Found the perfect one. Its name is Zecchia. It's a baron demon, and it steals whatever the summoner desires. Isn't there demon blowback? Won't we have to do something for it? No, that's the beauty of it. Okay? We call them, they show up, we pay the toll, and they do our bidding. It's all about following the protocol perfectly. I read half a dozen books, and it's the one basic rule. I'm in. -Me, too. -[Randall] Nope. No, thanks. No way. Not a demon. Not ever. Quintuple negative. You wanted a new plan, here it is. You're talking full-on Order magic here. That doesn't make you nervous? Says the guy who wanted to be a war-wolf. Uh, were-lock. Randall, this does not make us converts. It's just a means to an end. If we do this, the end is us totally absorbed into the Order. What we saw in the fear corridor were nightmares, not prophecies. Are you sure? Demons are in Hell. I'm pretty sure Hell is a Judeo-Christian concept applied to scare people. Demons are from wherever they're from for a reason. We shouldn't try to draw them into our... wherever. Well, look, yesterday you were all "whatever it takes," and today, you're all "no demon," so make up your mind. You weren't the one with a Sabnock sigil stuck in your neck. It's a hard "no" for me. Should be for you, too. We're still doing this. Of course we're doing it. He'll get over it. Is that milk? Maybe you can conjure up a cookie for me. You don't need a cookie, but maybe you need a friend. I'm actually a really good listener. I thought I had it all figured out, you know? Med school... couple years overseas saving lives, and then I'd set up a sweet practice. So that goes sideways, in a good way, with the whole... [whispering] werewolf knights thing. And that was great. More than great. But now... Now you don't know who you are. The thing you thought you were, you aren't anymore, and you can't figure out how or why it happened, if you can ever get it back? No. I'm worried about some friends. But now I'm a little worried about you. I'm fine. What are some friends up to? It must suck when your magic doesn't work. Okay, whatever that nimrod told you... [scoffs] It does suck. Yeah. He's worried about you. The first kill is always the hardest. Especially if you never expected there to be a first kill. Anyway. What are they up to? Nothing. Are you a diversion? Is that why you're here? Are you diverting me? Wow. A guy goes out for a glass of 2%, and all he gets is the third degree. Randall! Hey. -Randall. -You guys. [people chuckle] Busy here tonight. What's going on? Vera's preparing for a demon ritual. Oh, yeah? What's this one do? Decimate a village? Break up the Girl Guides? This one? [scoffs] What's the Order need with a demon anyhow? They've already got Vera. We're not summoning. We're containing. Eighty-one years ago, some idiot failed to follow the Order's first rule of demon summoning. So now, every 27 years, we clean it up. There's a first rule of demon summoning? Well, it's the only rule. Don't. [exhales deeply] [yawns loudly] [sighs] All this milk has made me sleepy. I gotta go. Bye. [all] Zecchia, appear before us so that we may negotiate the fee for your service to empty the vault of the Hermetic Order of the Blue Rose and remand those goods into the possession of the Knights of Saint Christopher. Zecchia. Maybe we messed up the incantation? We did everything right. [door opens] Guys! Don't do this! [blows out candle] Alyssa and I were discussing demon summonings, and-- -[Jack] You told her? -I didn't tell her, per se. -The topic just came up. -[groans] My point is, even the Order doesn't summon demons. [in spooky voice] Because they learned their lesson. Unlike you noobs. So, first of all, thanks for nothing. Back in this shithole. Wait, you've... been here before? This realm, dummy. Your little patch of paradise. The only thing that redeems this dump is the alcohol. So, second of all, give me. It's part of the price. Come on. Give me. You are Zecchia, our... Our thief demon, right? In the flesh. 'Cause that's the only way I can survive down here. Don't you mean up here? So fucking arrogant. [scoffs] How do we know she's who she says she is? [roaring noise] [ripping sound] It appears I am now flying commando. She's good. Mm-hm. [sniffs] [Zecchia] So, you want me to rob the Order, huh? That's a big request. Expensive. We should go all-in and add the reliquary. Obliviscere! [exhales deeply] There's a protocol when dealing with demons. Asking for anything additional breaks the contract. Obliviscere cancels the ask. -Spoilsport. -[Hamish scoffs] Is asking to go back from where she came additional? Obliviscere! [Zecchia] Fine. Whatever. Zecchia would like to go home, so let's get with your program. Would it be breaking the contract if we waited until tomorrow to wrap up some business? Business like what? You want to clear out our lockers, write a last piece of graffiti on the washroom wall? This might be the end of our fake lives, but not all of our feelings are fake. Well, I'm good to go. I don't need any goodbyes. Couldn't care less. So that's what denial looks like. [Lilith] So can we? She can't go back to her realm till our request is satisfied. Fine. Standing by. Keeping these. Okay. We can find another way to do this, okay? It's not too late, right, guys? Guys! [groans] So, you're sorry for dating me? Is that what you're saying? Not sorry. Good. 'Cause I'm not, either. I mean, I probably should be. You know, I'm your tutor, and-- Unbalanced power dynamic. Also, I think the Grand Magus has a rule about kissing in the temple. I'm going to make you sorry that you know me. You couldn't, Lilith. It's just not possible. I need you to make this easier for me... not harder. [exhales deeply] You know why I chose this? All the violets I ever saw in my life, they were... well, violet. Or blue, and... this one... is just so sunny and bright. I especially love the dark center of it. You know? Hidden depths. I'm not an orange violet. [Nicole] Still there. I'm gonna be poison to you in a couple of days, so... Flos abi. [Nicole exhales deeply] I'm firing you as my tutor. I'm sorry, but it's... It's better if you're not connected. I've been lying to you. The Order made us do this thing, and it's been the worst. I've been the worst. It's called pulvis memoriae. It wipes your memory, and whenever you start remembering stuff, I... I use this to reset you, so that you remain in the Order... so that they... We can control you. -I can't do it anymore. -It doesn't work on me. It hasn't for a while now. So you know... and you're not mad at me? The Order makes us all do things that we don't want to do. So in the temple, when you kissed me... That was really you? It turns out that my feelings for you are the same, no matter what I remember. [exhales deeply] We're in a lot of trouble, aren't we? Yeah. We are. [approaching footsteps] I'll miss you. Are you speaking to the stemware? Dreaming up new recipes. Something gin-based, perhaps. Stay in the bourbon lane. That cocktail you made the other night was delicious. Thank you. Thank you. I can make you another Grand Magus... if you like. Bring me something in a tall glass. You have excellent stalking skills. More hunting, actually. So, look-- Thank you for telling Randall about my catastrophic magic. I told Lilith. Not better. 'Cause I thought she might have an idea on how to help you, all right? And then I had to tell Hamish and Randall or it would've seemed like-- Like you didn't trust them? Like I was leaving them out. Because you didn't trust them. Oh, hey, Alyssa, is there something you want to talk about? Trust, maybe? Randall was drinking milk in the antechamber. Milk. And he was noticeably less manic. You idiots are up to something. Technically, we're not up to anything. You're making a move against the Order. It's not how I wanted to describe it-- Whatever you're planning to do, can you just not? I'll make sure Vera doesn't think you're involved. I'm not involved! Not intentionally. [groans] So, we good, Alyssa? We good? [exhales deeply] Okay. So he's always had this place and he chose to live at the den. Well, it's only got the one balcony. Sorry I'm late. -What happened to you? -Nothing. What happened to you? Are we ready to go? Let's go. Yes, finally. Are we ready? -Good to go. -I still think this is a bad idea. Your objection will be noted in the minutes. We're supposed to keep minutes? Shall we? [all] Zecchia, who sees each in its place and knows the place in which each can hide, we ask you to steal from our enemies. Zecchia, we, the Knights of Saint Christopher, do summon you to do our bidding, and no more nor less. Finally. You ready? We are. Are you? I was born ready. Although, technically, I wasn't born. I spawned from the husk of a cosmic being, -one of thousands. -[Lilith] Zecchia, you shall take all goods and chattel from the vault of the Hermetic Order of the Blue Rose and remand these goods into the possession of the Knights of Saint Christopher in this place we have anointed. Okay, so, how does she... This what you wanted? Uh, I think so, yeah. Contract fulfilled. It can't be this easy. It's that easy. Randall. You're going to wanna see this. [gasps] Midnight! Midnight. We're free! We're free, motherfuckers! Free? We're in charge! Yeah! [pop music] Don't. Don't. Ooh. -What? -Try it. No, I'm not gonna... No, I'm not gonna be able to do it. Imagine the hubris it must have taken to think you could summon an emperor demon, let alone control it. Even the best of us overreach at times. Just because I want to see the office of the Grand Magus executed in the proper fashion doesn't mean I don't admire and trust your knowledge. "Doesn't mean I don't admire..." I've heard the stories since I was an acolyte, and I am terrified that this demon may come through. But it hasn't given me a reason to run, Vera, because... of you. What I'm trying to say is... I'm glad you're handling it. Thank you. You're welcome. [roaring noise] You can force him back into his realm, right? It's nothing I can't handle. [gasps] [speaks Latin] Congratulations, Bitsy. You just found a reason to run. Oh, demons are so scary. Okay, some demons are scary. We just confiscated the Order's entire magic arsenal. I think the Knights of Saint Christopher are back in business. So how do you want to tell the Order that they take magic orders from us now? With big shit-eating grins on our faces. I second that. All in favor? -Aye. -Aye. Okay, okay. [cell phones bleep] Here it is. [all chuckle] Vera is probably pissed. Jack, I just want to say I forgive you for being such a burden these past few months. Well, what's going on? Did someone die? Not yet. [Nicole] Lilith! Nicky! I'm so glad we talked. The idea of dying in the middle of a lie, I-- Hey! Hey. No one's gonna die. Let me dispel the rumors. We are all going to die. In less than 46 hours, a demon will break through the veil between our realm and the demon realm. Now, it has long been the Order's sworn duty to stand between humanity and this demon and escort him back through the gates of Hell. But unfortunately... the weapons forged for this sole purpose have vanished. She's hiding the fact that the vault's been cleared out. That's smart. -[Vera continues talking] -Dude, are you hot for teacher? I admire good leadership. Jack. Can I talk to you for a second? You did this. So this is your way of getting back at the Order? By killing everyone? We weren't trying to kill anyone. The Order took our stuff, so we took it back. Yeah, along with everything else. Yeah, we're the Knights. We fight bad magic, all right? Besides, I met a demon. It's no big deal. Rogwan is an emperor demon. The demon who controls fear. You know what he caused the last time he got out? World War II. All right, well, we'll bring back them... the... -The sickles. -Sickles. So we went through all this trouble just to give everything back? We're not giving anything back. We're lending them the artifacts they need to do the job. Under the circumstances, I think that's fair. [exhales deeply] Look... I'm not an "I told you so" kind of guy, but... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 