The Order: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Order 
 s2e7 - Spring Outbreak, Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Order (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 7 - Spring Outbreak, Part 1 - full transcript 
 The Knights weigh whether to join the Order. Alyssa suspects that her feelings for Jack might be blocking her magic. Kepler pulls rank on Vera. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Damn it, we're still in the den. That, or the demon realm looks a lot like home. Shit, guys, it didn't work. I can fix it. I'll get it up and running, I promise. Just give me a second. It's not you, Nicole, it's this spell. Just like the last one, and the one before that. Look, the grimoires we've been sneaking from the reliquary are appetizers. To access the demon realm, we need a main-course incantation. And all of those were in the vault. So our only chance to save Lilith was stolen? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It appears so. Then why aren't we kicking down doors and tracking it all down? Because the last time we tried that, some inbred plant cult almost turned me into a life-sized Chia Pet. Yeah, and ever since then, we've been kept on a short leash by Severa. Absolutely not. What? She is the Grand Magus. Look, we'll get Lilith back, I promise. You're right. we just have to keep trying. Later, guys. Bye, Nicole. [door shuts] [groans] I hate lying to her like that. Telling her we're responsible is not going to make it better. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She's right, though. We should look for that stuff. No, what we should be doing is hunting down Foley and rescuing Midnight. We're not doing anything until the Order says so. We need to show Vera we can be team players. Why? Do you want her to like us? -I want her to not punish us. -[Randall] Hm. Right, that, too. I guess that's valid. -Jack-- -I know. I know, "heel." [distant people chattering] [knocking] Alyssa, come on, I know you're home. I just wanna make sure you're okay. Now you have, so... Alyssa, look, I know what you're going through. All right, getting weaned off that Promethean mind juice, it took me a while, too, and... even Vera had trouble with it. Except you have wolf powers to help heal you, and she's a Grand Magus. Probably a robot. I-- I get it. That Egregore shit is strong and... without it, you feel like you're stuck in limbo, but you're not alone, okay? Yeah. I'm, uh... taking some "me" time. Uh, well, maybe your detox plan was too short. We could talk to Vera about getting you more juice. Never again. What do you want? Tell me, and I'll get it for you. My magic fixed? Alyssa, you're not broken. Vera thinks so. She sidelined me during Rogwan, and now it's an outright ban. And not a single disciple has reached out. Uh... Hello? You don't count. I don't-- I should count the most. Look, don't take it too personally, all right? Between hunting down Foley and covering for us, Vera has a lot on her plate. Did you just defend Vera Stone? Yeah, I guess I did. Careful, she may have messed with your mind again. Well, she can try. It's not gonna work this time. Why? Because there's nothing in there to work with? Ha ha. Because I... I'm tired of letting... revenge and anger control my life. The Tao of Pete. You know, it's funny. I think I was afraid to let all that stuff go 'cause I'm afraid to let him go. What brought us together was getting back at Coventry. What if that's all we had? It isn't. But it's good to hear you talk about what you want to let go. Gives me hope. We're being friends here, is that what's happening? I don't know. A real friend would clean my apartment. [cell phone buzzes] Yeah, hold that thought. -[clears throat] -[cell phone bleeps] Look, I gotta go, but if you need... anything... Anything, I'm here for you. You got it? Yeah. This doesn't make any sense. This isn't an alliance, it's an amnesty for theft. It's not an amnesty, it's terms of surrender. We can't sign this. [chuckling] I think you're overreacting. I think you're protecting your girlfriend. We're not... Uh, we... How dare you? -Wha-- -[Hamish clears his throat] Randall, it's not that bad. There's a code of conduct, a pledge of fealty, a dress code? You could use one. [scoffs] We can't even call ourselves the Knights of Saint Christopher. Our hide lockers stay at the temple? Oh, no, no, no, no! Some of these items are a little extreme... Grand Magus. Nevertheless... -these are... -[ghostly hissing sound] ...the terms. [ghostly hissing sound] [exhales deeply] Look, Grand Magus, it's not that we don't appreciate the offer, but-- We don't. We were expecting an alliance like the ones you offered the Prometheans. Oh, well, the Sons of Prometheus are a separate organization. You are not. Never have been. Before facing Rogwan, you and Ms. Bathory said an oath that sounded familiar. [whispering] Right there. "I give my life to the cause..." "...of defending the Hermetic Order of the Blue Rose..." -"From threats both within and without." -[Randall sighs] Your true oath. Time to come home. -[people chattering] -[music playing] The Knights of the Blue Rose. Guardians of the Vade Maecum. Can you believe this? Cassie told me everything I had to know was in those journals. And? I got distracted. Dudes, if we do this, we are killing the Knights of Saint Christopher. Think of Lilith. The Order can help us track down that library and find the right spell. Or it's a trick. It was all in that book. The Knights originally served the Order. Of course you'd believe her. [scoffs] I believe her. Dude, for real? Look, it's just a feeling I'm getting from Silverback. Don't you get feelings from Greybeard? Just hunger. It's probably a tapeworm. Can I see a menu? If she's telling the truth, we need to honor our history, and that oath. Oh, God, this is your argument about user agreements all over again. -I can't believe you don't read those. -I can't believe you do. It's a binding contract, like our pledge. We have to sign. She's got us. And if we don't? What's she gonna do, kill us? She's too smart to kill us, not while Praxis has our hide lockers. It'd be like giving your enemy a loaded gun. No, she'll probably just imprison us. Okay, you don't have to sound so impressed. -It's sound tactical strategy. -Guys! Fighting with each other is not going to help us. Look, I get it. You don't like the Order. But Vera is not Edward, all right? She's not a monster. She could've killed me at the Commons. We gave her every reason to when we robbed her,  but she didn't. So you trust her? I'm giving her the benefit of the doubt. I vote no. This feels too much like a surrender. Knights don't surrender. Our problems are too big to handle on our own. Our needs are tied to the Order's. I'm a yes. Okay. So that's one yea and one nay. Maybe. I invoke privilege. What is privilege? Boom! I win! Yeah, congratulations. Now you choose. I what? No, I don't want to decide. Winner always decides. What did you think we were playing for? Not-- No, that's way too much pressure. No kidding. That's why you made me play, huh? -Newest knight, freshest eyes. -Yeah. That, and I always beat him. [chuckles] -Not always. -Most of the time. Beer pong's the reason you're still alive. You decided my fate over a game of beer pong? We usually do best two out of three. Quit stalling. [exhales deeply] A choice I don't make will be made for me. [Randall] What was that? Something Vera once told me. No. Before, I thought joining the Order would solve all of my problems, and then I found out the cause of all of my problems was in charge of the Order, and so everything went to shit. [exhales deeply] Wow. You really need to work on your pep talks there, coach. -No. -[ping pong ball clatters] My point is, before I joined, I thought the Order was good. Remember with Rogwan? They wanted to stop him. Yeah, after they released him. That wasn't the Order, though. That was some idiot that was doing it for his or her benefit, like Edward with the Vade Maecum. All right? Maybe... the Order isn't the problem, but the people in charge. So if we make it our responsibility to keep them in line... "To protect it from threats, both within and without." [sighs] So, we're magic internal affairs cops? Randall, we can turn the Order into a magic society that works for the benefit of everyone, not just the members. [exhales deeply] The only way to go forward is to sign. [exhales deeply] [Randall] So that's it. It's the end of the Knights as we know them. It's not the end, it's just a change. Like puberty. Don't worry. You'll know what it's like someday. Ha ha ha. Well, you have to have the talk with Lilith when she's back. So it's settled. [mystical whooshing] So? How do we acknowledge this momentous, life-altering event? -[snaps fingers] -I got a two-for-one pizza promo. -Hi, Mike. -Good morning, Amy. [mystical whooshing] Alyssa. I need to talk to you... about the Egregore. Xavier made it clear to your Magus. You'll only be getting enough to wean you off. We need the rest to rebuild the organization, especially since the Order took everything that Praxis didn't. It's not that. After you tricked me into drinking the juice... -I wouldn't say I tricked you. -...I could hear you talking to Essie. You said that I couldn't fully connect to the Egregore. Why not? It's not an uncommon experience for outsiders. Pre-existing bonds can interfere with the magic that forms our Egregore. Pre-existing, like... Like how you feel about a person? Like how you feel about Jack? -Yes. -[sighing] Can you eliminate the interference? We have an elixir that can sever those bonds. Are you asking to rejoin the Egregore? I think that the bond blocking my connection to the Egregore is also blocking my magic. Right. Of course. I mean, I suppose it's possible. Look, magic is the only thing that makes sense to me. I'm lost without it. If this bond is crippling my magic, then... I have to break it. I need you to make me that elixir. What do I get in exchange? I won't tell Vera you're the reason why marijuana consumption on campus has jumped 1,000%. I'll need a piece of Jack to brew the elixir. Like hair? Or a finger. Hair it is. Are you sure you want to do this? We felt the emotions you shared. Come on, those lips? They're not that great. If he is the blockage, this spell will completely sever all emotional connections you have for Jack Morton, good or bad. Are you sure this is what you want? I won't be held back anymore. -[hissing sound] -[Angus] Inveniatur Cameron Foley. It's not working. No shit. Your disciples can't perform a simple tracking spell? It's not that simple when the person you're hunting knows how to cover their tracks. So whatever you want, can it wait? I'm a little busy. [Kepler] No, Vera. It can't wait. Continue working, please. You have got to be kidding me. Now? [echoing thuds] God damn it, Kepler. I, Elizabeth Kepler, head of... I am this close to finding Foley and everything he took from us. ...sacred scrolls of An Nem Tep, do hereby assigned myself the ranking... -Now is not the time for this. -...and assign myself the solemn duty to undertake Invocare. You are out of your mind. You endangered us all when you drank that mind juice, and it's not the first time you've put your own interests ahead of this organization. The Order needs a leader with vision. Who's that gonna be, Kepler? You? I am merely a conduit for the will of the Order. [distant thunder rumbling] [Alyssa] They say college is where you meet your true friends. Apparently, it's also where you meet your best enemies. Sorry about that. I'm Jack. [sighs] Hi, Jack. [Jack] Astounding? Beautiful. Cool. [Alyssa gasps] [exhales deeply] [Jack] I love you. [distant people chattering] -[can clatters] -[gasps] -[distant people cheering] -[rock music playing] [approaching footsteps] I can honestly say I was not expecting this. [Alyssa] Me, neither. [Salvador groans] -Just makes everything that much harder. -[people chattering and laughing] Boy trouble? Boys. Impressive. I wanted to get it over with and get out of here. -[man 1] Fine with that. -[man 2] Yeah, no kidding. I guess now I am waiting till tomorrow. [exhales deeply] When you know what's right for you, you just have to push through and do it. Even if you end up breaking a few hearts. Including your own. They teaching life skills at the sororities now? Whoa. Hey, now. The "S" word? Really? Sorry, I just... assumed. I'm someone who joins groups? And clearly... [inhales deeply] ...you're not. Well, they're lucky to have you. [scoffs] Tell them that. Any time. Salvador. Alyssa. Shall we? [Jack] Hey, Alyssa! Alyssa! Hey, it's Jack! Snap and shine! Whoo! Oh, I'm so glad you came! -Oh, hey! -Yeah. -Oh! -All right. Um... Okay. Uh, do you want to talk somewhere quiet? Of course, yeah. I wanna show you something. Come on. [chatter, laughter and music continue] I said somewhere quiet. Hang on. Where is it? Ta-da! -Yeah, that's a cup. -Yes, no. Not just a cup. This is the cup that changed everything. Vera offered us amnesty, and we're taking it. We're joining the Order, again! For real. Are you out of your mind? I thought you'd be happy. Come on, we get to be on the same side now. I don't want you to change for me. Alyssa, I would do anything for you. Here. I will prove it to you. Jack, wait. Alyssa, hey! Did you hear the news? We're joining the Order again. -About that-- -We're gonna be one big happy family. New families are the best. Do I have to call Vera "Mom"? 'Cause I will! [chuckles] Fun! Mm. Hey, are you looking for Jack? -Are you guys crazy? -[Hamish chuckles] So you heard. Turns out, we used to be the Knights of the Blue Rose, tasked with protecting the Order from threats, both inside and out. So, if you can't fight 'em, police 'em. [forced chuckle] But why? Try this. It's called a Lily-Bell. Rye, vermouth, sherry, and a splash of Fernet-Branca. It's good. Strong. Like her. That's why you're doing it. This might be the only way to get the Order to help us rescue her. To hope. -[cell phone bleeps] -Mm. Oh, duty calls. What are you doing here? Hello, Gabrielle. Just wanna talk to Jack. God, you two are so lame. You know the whole time I let him live with me, he was basically all about you? He even dreamed about you, like, all the fricking time. So annoying. What are you doing here anyway? I'm basically, like, the fifth Knight. [chuckles] Good luck with that. Things get complicated when you hang out with these guys for too long. You don't know me, and I like complicated, and friends who look past the surface, and maybe you should be nicer to me. I don't need more friends. You don't have any friends! Oh, my God. Is that a karaoke machine? We're singing a duet. Move! [Nicole] Randall. Nicole! Hey! Um... Oh, don't worry, everyone's way too drunk. Watch. Hey, guys. I'm part of a secret society dedicated to fighting evil magic. -[cheering] -Eh, yeah! See? See? No one cares. Okay. I found the spell that's going to work. We can do it tonight... or tomorrow morning. This spell only retrieves non-living things. Lilith is most definitely alive. How did I miss that? -[book clatters] -I'm just... [groans] It's okay. You're wiped. You haven't stopped since she disappeared. I've been through every book in Vera's reliquary. That was literally our last chance. If I ever get my hands on whoever robbed us... That... would... be... us. We robbed the vault so we could leave the Order, but then Praxis robbed us, so really, it's their fault. This whole time, I've been blaming myself. No one is laying any blame on you. -I was! -This is totally on us. So what happened to her is her fault, then? And I'm the idiot who thought she was in love with a hero. She wasn't trying to save me, she was trying to cover her own ass. This all came out wrong. We want to rescue her more than anyone, and we will, believe me. No. No, I can't screw up again. Not like this. I... I can't. Okay, I feel like we're just talking about two different things here. Nicole! [exhales deeply] [cell phone bleeps] [cell phone bleeps] -[microphone feedback] -Hello? Nope. Oh-oh. Oh-oh. Oh-oh. ♪ I eat my dinner in my bathtub ♪ ♪ Then I go to sex clubs ♪ ♪ Watchin' freaky people gettin' it on ♪ ♪ It doesn't make me nervous ♪ ♪ If anything, I'm restless ♪ ♪ Yeah, I've been around ♪ ♪ And I've seen it all ♪ ♪ I get home, I got the munchies ♪ ♪ Binge on all my Twinkies ♪ [screams in Latin] [mystical whooshing] ♪ Then I go to sleep ♪ ♪ I drank up all my money ♪ ♪ Dazed and kinda lonely ♪ Sing, bitch. ♪ You're gone and I gotta stay high ♪ ♪ All the time ♪ ♪ To keep you off my mind ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ High all the... ♪ -[man shouts in Latin] Teine! -[Vera screams] [growling] ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Spend my days locked in a haze ♪ ♪ Tryna forget you, babe ♪ ♪ I fall back down ♪ ♪ Gotta stay high all my life ♪ [growling] [shouts in Latin] ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Pick up daddies at the playground ♪ ♪ How I spend my day time ♪ They sound like angels. ♪ Make 'em feel alive ♪ -Hey, do you think there's an angel realm? -Shh. ♪ I'm numb and way too easy ♪ ♪ You're gone and I gotta stay high ♪ ♪ All the time ♪ ♪ To keep you off my mind ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ Avolentur... -[mystical whooshing] -[screams] ♪ High all the time ♪ ♪ To keep you off my mind ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ Shh. My turn. ♪ Spend my days locked in a haze ♪ ♪ Tryna forget you, babe ♪ ♪ I fall back down ♪ ♪ Gotta stay high ♪ ♪ All my life ♪ ♪ To forget I'm missing you ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ Staying in my play pretend ♪ ♪ Where the fun ain't got no end ♪ ♪ Can't go home alone again ♪ ♪ Need someone to numb the pain ♪ ♪ Oh, staying in my play pretend ♪ ♪ Where the fun ain't got no end ♪ ♪ Oh oh ♪ ♪ Can't go home alone again ♪ ♪ Need someone to numb the pain ♪ ♪ You're gone and I gotta stay high ♪ ♪ All the time ♪ ♪ To keep you off my mind ♪ I remember you saying how much you hate it. ♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh ♪ ♪ High all the time ♪ ♪ To keep you off my mind ♪ ♪ Ooh-ooh ♪ Are you sure you want to do this? [gasps quietly] That's not a yes. What do you want, an affidavit? ♪ Oh-oh ♪ Hey. Hey. -You're awake. -Yeah. Um... I had a bad dream. Yeah? Was I wearing a cheerleading outfit? As a matter fact, you were. And we lived in a world without magic. Sounds terrible. It is. Uh, we should, um, blow off class and go get breakfast. [chuckles] I... I've got a thing. I can't. I'm sorry. Well, last night was amazing. Yeah, I thought so, too. [exhales deeply] Get some sleep. Okay. [people chattering and laughing] Nice shirt. Randall's got one just like it. What the hell? That's for not dumping me before you took off with Alyssa last night. [exhales deeply] I'm your fake girlfriend. I deserve more respect. We were never really together. So? You and Randall? You and I are so broken up. Why do we have to keep going to this stupid class? Foley's long gone. Yeah, well, I don't know about you, but I need the credits to graduate. [cell phone bleeps] It's from Kepler. Why didn't I get it? Probably because the world doesn't revolve around you. That's far enough. Kepler gave strict orders not to let you through. Why is Kepler giving orders? I'm not telling you. You can tell me. There's been an attack. Get over it. He was going to find out anyway. An attack on us? There is no "us." There's the Order, and there's you assholes. -[tapping on cell phone] -[cell phone bleeps] [cell phone bleeps] [cell phone bleeps] [cell phone bleeps] -I need to talk to Kepler. -You can try. [growling] [door creaks open] [exhales deeply] Mr. Morton. If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were pleased to see me still alive. Oh, trust me, it's purely selfish. Your amnesty. Of course. You got a little... thing. -[mystical whooshing] -What happened? Praxis launched attacks against several temples. Disciples across the country are dead. Disciples like you, Mr. Morton. If you're okay, then why is Kepler running the show? Because Kepler triggered Invocare. We're at war. She's trying to elect a new Grand Magus. You're Grand Magus. Not anymore. Perhaps never again. I dismissed Foley as a fringe radical, and I let Praxis manifest under my nose. I underestimated this entire threat, and now we're both endangered. We signed your amnesty. Do you honestly expect the next Grand Magus to honor that agreement? [exhales deeply] Good point. Okay, you focus on winning this election, and we'll find Foley. He's just one werewolf against three. Do you have something against devising an actual plan? I like to improvise. Magus. Have you seen or heard from Hamish this morning? Why would you ask me that? I'm just grasping at straws. I'm certain he's fine. [Orbin] Now add the hair. [speaks Latin] [mystical ringing] Now what? Well, it is a tea. [mystical whooshing] [sets mug down] How do you feel? Like I just drank out of an old shoe. About Jack Morton. [exhales deeply] [sighs] Damn it. I still care about him. Damn it. [sighs] The potion can only sever the magic block. -[sets mug down] -Jack Morton isn't the cause. It's something else. But there is no one else. I mean... Kyle was a mistake. Shelley was just a fling. I don't speak to my family, but... I admired Edward Coventry as a mentor, but... [chuckles] Oh, no. You were supposed to take care of them. There were too many innocent civilians. So you take one of the stupid Knights as a hostage? Relax. The chains prevent any transformation, and that sleep spell lasts for hours. And he's here because you couldn't do your job. No one could have done that job. You couldn't do that job. She's unkillable. [gasping] You told me you could manage Belgrave, that you could establish a cell. Instead, you recruited incompetents and psychotics. Tell me why I am keeping you alive. [gasping] Because I'll do anything for the cause, anything. I swear. [Foley groans] That's right. [breathing heavily] You will. Found this... tossed into the bushes. Hamish wolfed out. Look familiar? Yeah, another killer stick girl. They came for him last night. They came for us. Look, I don't care how big Praxis is. They hurt him. Your friend's alive. At least, he was the last time I saw him. I-- I know you're angry. "Angry" doesn't even begin to describe what I am. Start talking. Now. Foley sent me here last night to kill you. Interesting start. [Salvador] But I didn't, because last night, I saw the world that Foley sold us on right here. The Hermetic Order of the Blue Rose and the Knights of Saint Christopher. No one was fighting. A world of peace. A world of magic. When he found out that I didn't complete the mission, he threatened to kill me unless I took your friend. Okay, get to the part where we start caring if you live or die. [Salvador] Foley changed after he robbed everyone. He's a werewolf, too, but he's obsessed with power. I didn't sign up for murder. Please. You have to help us. I can show you where he is, and you can rescue your friend. Yeah, walk right into your trap. I took a huge risk even coming here. It's not a trap. I promise. Oh, great. She promises, Jack. What's in it for you? You leave me alone. Let me try to convince the others to bring Praxis back to its roots. It's still a good idea, and... last night I saw what it could be. We'll check it out. And you'll stay right here. What? No. What if you fail? What if he finds me here and he-- It's not up for debate. Tell us where he is. Okay. Okay. Uh... Take Highway 8 out of Norwich, then get off at exit 20. Take the third left, head in for two miles. You'll find an old station house there. Okay. [snaps fingers] Upstairs, now. [mystical whooshing] Mm. Mm. [chuckles] -[crunching] -[grunts] [mystical ringing] [gasps] Hey, Professor! [growling] When you land, you'll be coming straight to the temple. Kepler wants to start proceedings immediately. You'll have to stall her for as long as you can. Thank you, Ian. I won't forget this. Call me when you land. Miss Drake. You and your broken magic aren't supposed to be in this temple. Yeah, that's actually why I'm here, Grand Magus. Orbin told me that something was blocking my access to the Egregore, some kind of magic bond. Then I realized it may be the same thing affecting my magic. Mm-hmm. I'm very busy. At first, I thought Jack was the reason, but I was wrong, and there's only one other thing that I think it could be. What if the Vade Maecum Infernal survived? Go on. Well, I was Edward's witness, and... if even just a piece of it survived, I could still be tied to it. Well, that is impossible. The Nephilim's tears obliterated it. I swept the ashes away myself. Yes. Yes, of course. Take my word for it, Miss Drake. Regardless of the outcome of Invocare, I will help you get to the bottom of whatever is truly breaking your magic. Thank you, Grand Magus. You all right? No. I'm not. Could have been killed. Nearly was. I sensed someone coming up on me, but I... basically ignored it because... who could hurt me? I'm a werewolf. It's okay. You're safe now. -[scoffs] I'm an idiot. -No, you're not. I've already been stabbed once. I still thought I couldn't be hurt. [breathes deeply] Well, he won't tell me where the stuff is, but he did give me a great recipe for Rice Krispies squares. -My turn. -Hey, hey, whoa, whoa! We need him alive. Okay? I will talk to him. Look, tell us where you stashed the stuff, and we'll make sure Vera goes easy on you. You want me to talk, you're gonna have to offer more than merciful death. You signed your own death warrant when you went up against the Order. You think you have the right to do that? It doesn't matter what I think. And that's your problem, Jack. You're smart, but you're dumb. You're really not the person that should be lecturing me about this situation. I'm not talking about the ethics. I'm talking about your morals. It's the same thing. If I actually get through to you about anything, let it be this: Ethics and morals are not the same thing. Ethics are the rules to the game, and your morals dictate whether you follow them, like this situation right now. You're looking at this as a binary option because you're refusing to see yourself as an agent of change, but... you could release me. Hell... [chuckles] ...you could join me. Praxis is finished. Okay? Your fate was sealed the minute Salvador gave you up. What else did she tell you? That you're a murderer, not a revolutionary. Ouch. Harsh. And that with you gone, she thinks she can restore Praxis to its peaceful beginnings. [snickers] You actually think the Order will let her do that? It's a shame, Jack. If I had come to Belgrave earlier, if we'd met sooner... you and I could have been allies, and everything would have been different. I sincerely doubt that. You are not one of them and you never will be. In their eyes, you'll always be a townie. And I know, deep down, you appreciate me trying to level this playing field. Otherwise, you would have brought me in hours ago. We just want our stuff back. Let me go and it's yours. You know what I'm craving? -Rice Krispies squares? -Rice Krispies squares. Sometimes I wonder how we're all still alive. Yeah. Me, too. We're going. Give me one more shot at him. No, we need to take him to Vera, okay? We're obviously terrible at this enhanced interrogation. FYI, that is a good thing. We need her, and she needs Foley if she's gonna remain Grand Magus. Maybe she shouldn't. Do you really wanna take that risk? 'Cause I don't. We can handle this on our own. Maybe we shouldn't have to. Well, if you want my opinion-- [grunts] Can't wait for the vote to be over so things go back to normal. There's no such thing as normal around here. They said USC was hit the worst. I'm sorry, Angus. The way those Adeptii are talking, it doesn't seem like they think Vera will make a very strong war Magus. Once she's out, so are the wolves. You didn't meet our last Grand Magus. If it weren't for the wolves, we'd be dead right now. Of course you'd say that. Yeah, wolf lover. Excuse you? If anyone's a mangy wolf lover, it's you. That was before I knew the truth about them. [Foley grunts] Is everyone okay? Did we miss anything? Just in time. [Foley groans] -[music playing] -[people chattering] To the Knights of Saint Christopher. -AKA the Knights of the Blue Rose. -[cell phone buzzes] Still not used to it. -[cell phone bleeps] -Gotta go. [sighs] I'm gonna take off, too. W-- Wait, come on. At least stay and finish your drink with me. I'm not thirsty. [sighs] Oh, my God, we have a hostage. Can I get two burgers to go? [knocking] We caught Foley and we got him to Vera in time for Invocare. I know why my magic is crippled. Vera lied about the Vade Maecum. She didn't destroy it. That's impossible. We saw it burn to ash. Exactly. She must've switched out the Nephilim's tears for something else. Real Nephilim's tears would've obliterated that book. There should've been nothing left, not even ash. Holy shit. She must have had her reasons, then. Maybe the book did something to her. How could you say that? I'm broken because of that book. You almost died because of it. Yeah, I remember. I was there. And you're not angry? Of course I'm angry, but I'm trying to let go of anger and revenge, remember? Yeah, well, maybe I'm not. Maybe I... You said you would do anything. Okay. Let's go talk to her, figure this out. You really believe that? I do. I have to. We're never going to be on the same side. [Randall] Well, you were right about Foley. Hope you're... hungry. Holy shit. She's a werewolf. [Vera] Professor Foley. I regret to inform you, Belgrave University will not be renewing your contract. What? [grunts] Is this 'cause I failed you last term? Utter an incantation and you die. Even abracadabra? Tell me where my magic is. Why is it that abracadabra is such a bullshit incantation, but I could utter some ancient Latin and level this room? My magic, where is it? We think the word dictates the magic. But how does magic even know... [gasping] Even know what these words mean? You know what I think? I think we can control magic with our mind and these words just help us visualize what we wanna have happen. I bet I could make any word a magic word as long as I concentrate on what I want the magic to do. [breathes deeply] And pay for it to... [groans] And, oh, boy, I'm paying for it now. [breathes deeply] God, this hurts so much. I let Salvador down. Please... [grunts] ...could I get a hug? [thunderous roar and thud] [Vera groans agonizingly] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 