Ultimate Expedition: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ultimate Expedition 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ultimate Expedition (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (electronic slide sound) (dramatic music) - [Narrator] Previously on Ultimate Expedition, - Alright, lets go trek dudes. - [Narrator] The team set off on their first real test, a ten mile hike up to base camp, at over 14 000 feet. - I'm trying to do it in three hours, - [Narrator] Olympic skier, Gus Kenworthy, raced ahead of the pack. - My shoulders are [bleeping] burning. - [Narrator] But Nikki and Lia fell victim 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to altitude sickness, and barely made the cutoff. - I hate this feeling, so much. - [Narrator] Now, altitude training begins. - Let's do it. - [Narrator] They need to master these technical skills, or they'll be cut from the expedition. (dramatic music) (gentle music) - Where am I? - It's now day two on base camp, the sun's just, starting to come up, Wendy chose to sleep outside, she was coming back and forth a lot, but she wouldn't stay in. I think Steve was kind of upset about it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Wendy wont hang out in the tent, dammit Wendy. - Good morning world! How you doing? That's a happy face right there, happy camper. - I gotta brush my teeth, my breath stinks. - Morning at base camp is, taunting us right now. - So, I just had my first night sleeping on the mountain, you can see out tent, it's covered in ice. - Every time we get our peak, it just gets more and more intimidating. - I had panic attacks, on panic attacks, on panic attacks all night, I started crying so much. There we're so many times during the hike, that I just wanted to go down on the ground and just, collapse, and just be like, "It's over, I can't do this anymore." Gus is an Olympian, he ran up the hill, he said it took two and a half hours, it took me almost six. Chachi's a dancer, she works out and everything, so I feel like she's a little more capable. We got Chuck, he's a fighter and, you got me. It just looks so easy when they do it. I just have to believe in myself, and I will be okay. I know, I can do it. - What is this? - It's peanut potato. - You can eat potato. - I actually really like that. - How you guys feeling, how's everybody? First day. - Just mostly hungry. - Hungry! No headache? - No. We all woke up after the march to base camp, and everybody was feeling fine. The next few days will be more technical, so that they learn the basics, but they gonna learn every single skill. The last part of Tocllaraju mountain, is a vertical wall, first you got to ice climb it up, and then you look at the world, and you look at how amazingly beautiful it is, you're up in 20 000 foot, but then you gotta be able to rapel down and, there's no room for error. - [Narrator] The set to Mount Tocllaraju, is treacherous, the last stretch to the summmit, is a near-vertical ice wall. Anyone on the summit team, will need to be able to, climb up, and rapel down. And tomorrow, they'll be tested on 150 foot vertical rock face. - The hike to base camp was a tough pull, the first real challenge. I saw so much focus and concentration in them, but I can see, some people struggle a bit more. - Yeah, sure. - [Narrator] Before every stage, the expedition leaders meet to evaluate individual performances. If they decide anyone is holding the team back, they'll be cut from the expedition. - Looks like Lia is a big worry for us, we want her to progress, we want her to push it. Does she have the mental edge? - The knots, the rope skills, that's her life line, you've gotta know every single skill, to be able to summit the mountain. But also, there's a big challenge with Jusreign, he is very afraid of heights, rapelling down 200 feet, that will be a major problem, to take that leap of faith, and overcome that fear of heights. - Please may I have your attention, this is your first training session at this base camp level. Now this is real. My only advice for you, is please concentrate. As the expedition leader, it's my decision, who will go up to that mountain, do they have enough skills, to go their next challenge? If not, they out. Hunty is the main man over here today, so please Hunty, your call. - Okay so let's start immediately, so first thing what we are doing, do this kind of knot in your harnesses. You all guys, have to, like, practice this, a lot, you have to know it, okay? - Right now's our first day of training, we're learning some really basic, but also some really, really important knots, like fundamental skills for mountaineering. - What was the name of the knot? - Double fishermans. - Double fishmerman. - All these different knots that we have to use, to keep ourselves safe and keep everybody safe, when we're on the mountain. - If you don't tie these knots right, it could cost you your life, yeah I didn't come here to die. I came here to tie knots properly. At first, I was like, "Man, this is complicated, maybe I'm gonna die, or kill someone." But, after a bit of repetition, I feel like I got it all figured out. Of course, I can forget pretty easily too. - Okay, so one loop, one like this, then, oh, oh, got it, okay. They bust out all these ropes, and start doing all these crazy knots and it's, honestly, really, really confusing to have these weird names, and I feel like, I don't even know how to tie my shoes, at this point. God, why was that so difficult? It seems so easy, God. I know I'm gonna have to do a lot of things, that I'm not comfortable with here, or things that I don't necessarily trust. Throughout my life, I've been taken advantage of, by people close to me, and it's always been an issue, for me to get over it. So, my main goal is to reach the summit, but my biggest goal, I would say, is to have, trust in myself. - We're about to go, the first part of rapelling training, by little rock, tomorrow it will be the big rock. Rock 'n roll rock. - [Narrator] All the skills in mountaineering, build on each other. The knots that the team learned, are critical to this 25 foot rappel. Mastering all these skills, will be the difference, between life and death, at 20,000 feet. - How are you all feeling about moving to high places? Comfortable? - Yeah. - Yeah, everybody comfortable? Nobody has any like, the fear of the heights? (dramatic music) - It's not like a big fear, but I have alike a little, like a tiny, like, baby fear of heights, it's not, it's not a big thing, it's whatever - Before I even came to approval, there we're so many doubts running through my mind, like, "What am I doing, like, can I even do this?" I'm gonna go there, they're filming, like, "What if I fail, I'm gonna be a joke." All of my family was like, "Why are you doing this? Just stay safe, this is very dangerous, don't do this." That's like the biggest motivation for me, is to prove to them, to be like, "Yo, you can do anything that you want to, as well." (dramatic music) - Afraid of heights? - I am but, - That's how you get rid of it. - I know. (laughing) - But Lia's coming this way, she's doing good. Right? - Yeah. - You cruising? - Yeah, ow! [bleep] That's what helmets are for! - That's what helmets are for. - Oh shit. - I think that Lia doubts herself a lot, I hear her say things like, "I can't." and, "I don't know if I can." And, "I don't want to." - How do I get off? - I think that that's gonna be the only thing that, gets in her way, is herself, but I'm hoping that she can put that to rest and, power through. - Just walk down. - Yeah, I just don't know how to do the rest, you just walk? - Yeah, you can just walk. - Okay (laughs) he's not going slowly. (dramatic music) - Lia, really good job. - Yeah, thanks. - You're confident on what you're doing, you know your skills right? - Are we doing twice the size tomorrow? - Oh no, it's like five times. - Okay great. - And that's, you know, - I wanna be good for that. - Tangled, no pressure, After I learned these knots, we start to, put them into motion and, we start to rappel. And it's so crazy to think that, these little knots are saving my life. So, it's a lot of pressure, to make sure they're don't right, 'cos it's like, "Hey if they're not done right, I might die." - Okay, - You think she's gonna be able to come up, from there? Is she freaking out? 'Cos she's kind of struggling on the way, what's getting in her head? - We will see. (dramatic music) - This one, this one? - Do you feel at all nervous? - Yes. - You should feel a little bit nervous. - This one get me, if those two fail, this one gets me. If those fail, I only have two chances to live, right? - They are not failing. - Double check me, are you sure I'm on? Check again, can you check again? - Alright so, Nikki got a little freaked out so, I'm gonna try and scare her a little bit, if I can. - Oh my God, Nikki, your rope! (laughing) - I'm gonna get you Matt. - My name's not Matt. - That's right, okay. (laughing) -ok (dramatic music) - It's not theory, you're getting harnesses on, you're moving the rope, you're rapelling down, like, step by step, it's just getting more and more exciting and I love it because now we're actually doing. And, tomorrow is the first real test for these people, if they have, what it takes, to climb a mountain. - We just got down after our first day of rapelling, a little tedious, but these guys gotta be very meticulous, with what they're doing, so they don't get hurt. - That was good fun, I learned a lot, we're gonna be rapelling off a massive rock tomorrow, whew it's hot. It was like cold and hot, and cold and hot, that's how it always is. - I haven't showered in three days and I feel really disgusting, and me and Steve O are gonna get in and wash our bodies, 'cos I can't take it any longer, and I know it's gonna be super cold. - I've been wearing the same clothes since we left for base camp, I stink so bad, and so do my clothes, now it's time for laundry. (water splashing) It's cold, woo! - Holy shit! - Cold, but it's better than stinking. When I wake up in the tent with Gus and I can smell myself, I feel awful. I make myself do it, so I can be a good tent mate, I love Gus. - Women poo, men poo, everybody poos. Right now, I'm about to poo, sorry about that. Alright, we are inside of the outhouse tent, it's nothing fancy, it's basically just a tent, with a little wooden box over a hole, but they have like a sand that you pour on top of your, your poo, to make it not smell. I'm just letting you guys know how it works. (playful music) - Chuck needs to maintain his image, keep his scalp clean, I'm a little scared here, 'cos if I cut him or, something like that, I feel like he's gonna kick my ass, or if I screw something up, it might be an issue. I feel like this is a kind of honor, you know, like, to be able to do this, here we go. - Press harder - I can? - Yeah, press harder than you would on your face. - I just wanna make sure I don't cut you. - Oh yeah, - Were getting a lot of bits into that water, how long have you had this type of haircut for? - From about '93 - '93, damn. You got one small blood mark. - Oh, that's okay. - That's okay? - Yeah, that happens. - I think were good. Yeah, I think we look good, alright just had the honor of buzzing, shaving Chuck Liddell's head, pretty damn good! What do you guys think? - Looks pretty good. - Looks pretty cloudy to me, hairy cloudy. - Yeah, looks pretty gross. - Yeah. - I think someones gonna drink out of it. - Pete, he's drinking, (retching sounds) - Will I get sick? How about a sip, how about a little sip. Actually tastes pretty good, it's pretty good. - Chuck Liddell tastes good? (coughing) -your a maniac - Oh yeah, wooooo! Yeah! - There's like a million knots, that you have to learn, if you don't know how to do, just one of the knots, you're dead, your [bleeping] dead, your hip is dislocated and your legs are broken. - I'm so stoked for the big repel tomorrow, today's repel was fun but it was so frikken small that I couldn't even get excited about it. Tomorrow, is like a whole different story, we're on like a hundred and fifty foot cliff, maybe bigger, and we get to repel down it, using knots that we're tying, so, you've really gotta trust yourself and, trust that you're paying attention and, that you're doing everything right, and I'm kind of excited, to watch everybody else, squirm a little bit. (dramatic ambient sound) - Oh today is cold, it's really cold, today we're actually going to repel down that massive slab of rock, might not look so massive on the camera screen right now, but it is huge. It's gonna be a fun day, it's gonna be helluva day. (dramatic music) - I'm fairly confident in the knots, Tocllaraju, I'm coming for you, supes excited, let's go! - This mission, it's only getting epicer and epicer, now, we're gonna repel down that huge wall. See those itsy bitsy little people up there? They make that wall look pretty big. - Are you ready for today? - No. (laughing) - Yes you are! - [Narrator] The time for learning is over, each climber must safely rapel down a massive, 150 foot slab of sheer rock, an essential skill for any climber to get off the summit of Mount Tocllaraju. - May I please have your attention, yeah, thank you. (dramatic drum music) - You look at this slab of rock from the base camp, and it doesn't look intimidating. I don't go to theme parks, that's just not my thing so, a big drop like that, puts some butterflies in my stomach, going up there, that's for sure. - Holy shit, - Being that high, and knowing that drop is lethal, so many things that could go wrong, you're literally hanging off by a rope. Both of the fears that I have, that are very prominent, fear of heights, fear of failure, those fears are extremely present. You begin to think about, like, other doubts that you have, in your life, other doubts, that people tell you. Like even my brother was like, "There's no way you're gonna do this." (dramatic music) - Are you ready? - Lets do it. (laughing) (talking on two-way radio) - This guy right? - No, no, no, no, this doesn't exist. - Okay, this doesn't exist, got it. (heavy breathing) - [Narrator] Getting down this rock face, is the main goal of this challenge. But expedition leader, Mikko Vermas, is on the lookout, for signs that someone could be a safety hazard, high up on the mountain. Someone who can't overcome their fear, or has too much hesitation, is a red flag, and maybe a reason for Mikko, to cut someone from the expedition. (heavy breathing) (talking on two-way radios) (heavy breathing) - Very good! (heavy breathing) - Yes Jusreign! - Yeah Jus, yooooo! - As soon as I let go, there was a feeling that just, kind of like, rushes over you, just, just how ridiculous, that doubt before that moment, sounded. - In your face Amaal! Amaal's my little brother, he was the one who said I couldn't do this shit, so in your face bro. - I just can't get over the fact that, my life's being held together by some ropes. (laughing) But I know, when I get there, I'm just gonna really have to trust, trust the ropes and, it's pretty intense looking at it, 'cos it's just, "That's keeping me alive!" Yeah, here we go. (dramatic ambient sound) There we go, there we go, now it's pretty. (laughing) The time that I had to prepare, I got in my head a lot, I was really nervous, and I started questioning my ability, to conquer anything, and I have a really close relationship with my sister and, she's going to pastor school and she was like, "Chachi, you just gotta have faith." So, I'm looking at this steep rock and, it's kind of my enemy and like, "You know what? I'm gonna beat you, you're not gonna, like, stop me." "You know what you gotta do this so, let's go." Nothing bad's gonna happen. (talking on two-way radios in foreign language) Here we go, - [Narrator] To control the speed of the descent, the climber must work the rope as a brake, using their hand. - Oh okay, - Come on Chach! - Wooo! - [Narrator] For a novice climber, 150 feet above the ground, the danger is that panic sets in, and they let out too much rope too fast, or let go of the brake rope altogether. - Chachi! - Yeah? - Reach back with your right hand and feed, feed the rope forward! (panting) - Yeah Chachi, you got this! - Okay, okay, we got this. (dramatic music) - Yeah Chach! (dramatic music) - Come on. - Yeah Chachi! - Hell yeah! (laughing) (whistling) - My gosh! (clapping) At first I was kinda psyching my self out like, "Man, there's no way I can do this, I don't know, this is crazy." I was like, "I'm not gonna fall back right, nothing bad's like gonna happen." I just had to get out of my head for a second, just to push myself. Every time I accomplished something I'm like, "I'm totally making it to the top of Tocllaraju, no doubt about it." That was awesome. - Now you can see those little people up there, because we're them. Yeah. Ready to make this look easy, (dramatic ambient sound) (dramatic music) I don't wanna go anymore. (heavy breathing) At least I know I can get down. - How do you feel? - Good, how do you feel? -I feel really good. As a professional athlete, you mental state is so important, it's not always about physical strength, or stamina or, like, technique. It's all of those things, but so much of it comes down to, kind of like, your head space. (dramatic music) - See he's killing me, Gus you bastard! Why's he gotta be so much better at everything? - We got new kids now and I want them to see the guy, that was world champion. That's what I'm here for, you know, showing them who their dad really is. - Chuck goes like a pro, - I think there's a lot of similarities between, training for a fight, training for anything, and I look at this as a training camp. I'm listening to my coaches and, I'm doing what I'm told, to get ready, and get prepared. - Shhh don't talk to me, I've been saying to myself, "Oh my gosh am I gonna be able to do this?" "Wow this is really physical, is it gonna be too much?" It's really high up and you're walking off a cliff, (screams) - Yeah! (dramatic music) - Yeah! - I wanna sit down, (laughing) - First couple of steps going down, there's just that, a little voice that's telling you, "What are you doing right here right, why are you doing this, you don't need to be doing this." (panting) You got this buddy. - There you go Pete! - Got out of my comfort zone for a bit, and it felt good. - Yeah! (whooping) (dramatic music) (whooping) - That was fast. (laughing) - Everybody, no matter how pro you are on that ledge, like, has to take that step, leap of faith, and it feels good. (dramatic ambient sound) - Are you ready? - Okay, - Yeah. - Holy shit that's, a drop. - Lia is doubting herself the most, and I've told her, "Please just don't stop, because you psyched yourself out." (groaning) - Oh no, (dramatic music) (talking on two-way radios in foreign language) - Wow, ow. - Yeah Lia! (whooping) - Sssniperwolf's not scared of nothing! (uplifting music) - What's up? (clapping) The more I overcome, the more it motivates me to do more, and just push myself. - She is so seriously making me look like a complete wuss. - I've done rapalling in so many different games, but how they just like jump off, do like these big, crazy jumps, like, "Hey, I wanna do that too." I would honestly rather rapal again, than play a video game. - Did you ever think that you could do something like this? - No. I would have just been like, "No, I'm not doing it." Bye. (laughing) - Did you wanna quit a lot of times? - Yeah, every day I wanted to quit. (water running) - [Narrator] Everyone successfully rapalled down the rock face. Now, the expedition leaders will let individuals know, if they performed well enough to continue, on the expedition. (whistling) - Hey everybody, can you come gather around? - Pete, Chuck, please come over here. (drumming music) - So today we finished the first part of the technical skills challenges, as you know, you are being evaluated at every moment, I talked with Mikko, and he's been talking with the trainers and, he's made a decision on who gets to continue. (whooping) - You guys are doing great, I think that you probably still need some practice, I mean, tomorrow we start the big push, tomorrow is gonna be a tough day. And, shit's about to get real. - At 6a.m. we start, maybe 8 to 12 hours, it depends. So, it's a long day. - I'm gonna crash out, like, so soon. (gentle music) - Tomorrow's gonna be one of the hardest days, so far and, we should see a little bit of elimination, we should see some people that, just might not be strong enough to do it, might be me, who knows, I don't know. - I got back from rapalling a bit ago and, my God, it's really terrifying because you go from seeing like, rock under your feet, and then it just being like a straight drop. It was a little bit of an internal struggle but, I'm glad I did it, and tomorrow our call time is like at, four in the morning. I never wake up at four in the morning, that's 2a.m. in LA. So, tonight we're gonna have to get a lot of rest. - Each training session, kinda, is another piece of the puzzle, how we're gonna get up on top of that mountain, and it just feels good, to get more confident, as we learn more. - This is why white people climb mountains, I get it now. I'm learning the culture, and I'm infiltrating and I understand it now, so step by step, I'm getting it. It's actually pretty cool, I didn't know, none of this shit worked like this, like I didn't know it was so technical. - I think everyone's on track to crush it, peace. - [Narrator] Coming up on Ultimate Expedition, the team must reach new heights. - Do we have to climb up that? - Yeah. - [Narrator] And climb a 100 foot vertical wall of ice. - Oh my God, I'm so tired. - [Narrator] It will push everyone to their limit, and some, to their breaking point. - I don't think I can do this. (crying) (dramatic ambient sound) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 