Ultimate Expedition: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ultimate Expedition 
 s1e2 - Uphill Battle - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ultimate Expedition (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Uphill Battle - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - [Narrator] Previously, on Ultimate Expedition: Eight novice climbers took the first steps to climb this 20,000 foot mountain in Peru. - The altitude was kind of making me feel really wonky. - It's like I already drank a beer, but I haven't. - I am so winded. - [Narrator] And on the test hike, the lower oxygen levels hit even harder. - I'm not naming names, but Nikki was falling far behind. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - [Nikki] I feel short of oxygen. My heart rate gets really high. I'm not gonna lie, I was in the back. - Everything hurts. - [Narrator] Now the team faces its true ascent, a 10-mile hike to base camp at 14,000 feet. For those already struggling, the expedition may end before it even really begins. - It's like 5:30 a.m. Our hike to base camp; nine miles, 14,000 feet. Why am I so out of breath? God, this is gonna be hard. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No turning back. Here we go. - They say most of the team won't make it to the summit. - We never done anything like this. - I really don't know what a nine-mile hike at 14,000 feet feels like. - Apparently, most of us are gonna get sick when we reach the base camp. I don't know, it's supposed to be gnarly. - I'm so happy and I'm so excited for all this to go down. Everybody's a little tense. Everybody's ready to take a look at if they have what it takes to go through with this. This is when it gets real. - Come on, baby girl. All right, let's go trek, dudes. - I don't think I've fully known this whole time, like, what I'm getting myself into, and I think I still don't. But I think that just getting here and seeing the mountain is getting me really excited, and I'm looking forward to finding out exactly what we are doing. - One hour drive and then a nine-mile hike. Anybody ever hike nine-miles? - [Group] No. - [Chachi] We never walked to-- - Yeah, of course. - [Narrator] After four days of acclimating in Huaraz, the team is ready for the trek up to base camp, where they will eat, sleep, and learn all the skills they will need to summit Tocllaraju. - [Steve-O] Yeah! Come on, girl. - Now it's finally time to start hiking up to base camp. It's actually happening. And this is where we're gonna be going. I don't know what to expect. I don't know how my body's gonna handle this, but I'm excited. I'm really excited. I think I'll be okay. If I take it super slow, I think we've got this. We got this! - [Jukka] Go Chachi! - Go me (laughs)! - [Mikko] Good morning everyone. - [Jukka] All right, how do you feel about everybody? - They look good, but you never know. - [Jukka] They're not sure what they're getting themselves into. What about Nikki? - I think she's rushing too much. - Is she? - Yeah. - She's got to keep it cool? - Yeah, much, much cooler. - [Jukka] What about Lia? - Most of mountaineering is mental. You gotta be in good shape to be able to keep up. But it's still a mental decision to find that inner strength that you can keep on pushing. Sniper, want to come talk to me? I've been talking with Mikko and (mumbles), and I want to do the base camp. So, today, take it easy, and just set your own pace. It's not a race. Is the backpack too heavy? - Yeah, it's really heavy. - Take it easy and push through, you've got this. - I don't spend a lot of time outside. I don't work out. I don't do exercise. If you asked me a couple of months ago, like, "Can you do this?" I'd be like, "No, I'm not doing this." But here I am. Like, I want to see what I'm capable of, like, that I can do this, that I can go without my phone, that I could just be in the middle of nowhere and climb a mountain. - You know, you're gonna have struggle acclimating in base camp, and tomorrow's the first training day. - I don't know how long it's gonna take me to acclimate, 'cause I feel good today. I feel good now. And I feel like I can do this hike. - See you in base camp. You got this. - I've got it. - Okay, please attention. Today is the first real challenge. Remember, tomorrow is the first training day, so, take it really calm. - Mikko Vermas, he's the expedition leader, and its his responsibility to keep us safe. He's climbed Mount Everest. He's key to the geographical north pole. And he's been here climbing these mountain for 20 years. - Set your own pace. And we start evaluating you right now. Let's go. - [Jukka] We're gonna be walking for quite many hours. - [Lia] Yeah. I mean, as long as we take breaks with food, I'm good. - [Narrator] To get to base camp the team will face a steep vertical climb through the desert, then switch backs in rugged terrain through a forest before the final stage, a demanding ascent through a glacial valley before they reach base camp. If anyone fails to make it by nightfall, they will be removed from the expedition. - The hike is officially beginning. They've said it's about a six or seven-hour trek potentially. I'm gonna try to do it in three hours. We'll see if that's possible. I've kind of been battling demons of my own going into this next Olympics, and going into the last Olympics, I had like really no expectation on me. But now, this time around, I've got such a bigger online presence, and I've had a previous medal, and I've just signed all of these Olympic sponsors, and I feel like I have all this pressure on myself, and I think that having a task like getting to the top of a mountain, having something to accomplish that's just now, it's this moment, and I think that that's gonna kind of help me just get to a better place in my head. - Wendy! Come here, girl. Daddy's coming. Good girl. A big part of this for me, is that I feel that with my following online, and with my kind of persona, what I put out there needs to match a certain crazy and, when in reality, that's not necessarily who I am. So, I think a big part of this expedition for me, is to just let my guard down, and not worry about keeping up with the persona of the crazy Steve-O, and just being myself. - It's a 10-mile hike we're doing today to get to base camp. And I had to bring my laptop, just had to, idiot. It's so stupid. Good job. Got it in 15-inch, had to put it in there, with all the other really heavy equipment. Making a lot of great decisions today. Just climbing mountains to get to base camp. This is isn't even the, I'm gonna stop talking. Shut up. Just enjoy the view, shut up. - [Narrator] Olympic Silver Medalist, Gus Kenworthy, is already starting to break away from the rest of the group. - [Jukka] I've been just cruising with these guys; Chachi and-- - [Chachi] What's up? - Lia, and Chuck. But Chuck kind of got left behind. It's just us girls and Chuck. - [Lia] Us girls. - Woo! - [Lia] Oh my God, there's so much more. - First break. Take off your backpacks, and drink and eat. - I am prone to worrying about things, that is just in my nature. I'm a worrier. I struggled with something called somniphobia for a while. It sounds like something dumb to be afraid of. It's the fear of falling asleep, 'cause I was afraid to give up control to sleeping. It's almost a mini fear of dying, like, "Oh my gosh, "what if I don't wake up after I go to sleep? "How do I know I'm gonna wake up "after I go to sleep?" - Now I have to find a bush to pee in, 'cause I need to pee. You guys like my hat? Oh, whoa, whoa, look at this big-ass fly. Big-ass fly just, holy[bleep], flies are really big here. Like, it's just a regular house fly. What'd they feed these things? Mother[bleep] Get off my camera. He's like all over my camera. Oh my God, there's two of them on my camera. Get off. Oh my god they are on my hand. Get off my hand. I am your leader, you ugly. mother[bleep] Now get off! Be on with you. Now I gotta go find a bush to pee in. Which bush looks good? - Well, I'm doing really great. We're at the top of kind of the second vertical climb. And if you look way down there, that's where we started at. And we kind of wrapped around. You can see this ridge line. I see a couple of people coming over the ridge now. I think that's probably like Steve-O, and the next people on the cruise. So, everyone's definitely spread out a lot. Look at where we are right now. It's [bleep] beautiful. The mountains have really opened up for us. We've got this beautiful glacier melt off river that's coming down, and, so, it's like this really pretty, kind of like murky turquoise. I know we're in Peru and we're not in Austria, or Switzerland, but I'm very much feeling like Julie Andrews in The Sound of Music. The hills are alive. - [Mikko] Now you can see-- - [Jukka] Tocllaraju? - [Mikko] Yeah. -wow - I think that climbing a mountain really is like a metaphor for life, and any kind of journey that you have to make, and there's gonna be a lot of obstacles in the way for me. I lost a friend when I was younger skiing. I had myself in the closet. I had certain obstacles that I definitely had put in my path, and it's like kind of trying to find a way to commandeer these and get around them, get over them, figure out a path that best suits you to get to the top of the mountain. - [Narrator] Mountaineering is one of the most demanding and dangerous sports in the world. Avalanches, rock slides, and extreme weather, are always threats. But it's altitude that is the silent killer. At sea level, a person with healthy lungs can expect 95% to 100% oxygen saturation in the blood, but at altitude, things change. The higher you go, the less oxygen saturation you get. - [Jukka] How're you doing, Lia? - My back really hurts, and it's really hot. Oh my God, this is hard. My backpack's [bleeping] heavy. Before I got here, they were telling me how everybody gets mountain sickness, everybody has trouble breathing. I'm like no, how does that even happen? It doesn't make any sense to me. Like, I can't imagine not being able to breathe, in like, I don't know, outside. - So, you might try to inhale through your nose a couple of times, so, your brain gets a lot of oxygen. That's good. - [Narrator] Two hours into the hike, Gus Kenworthy is already closing in on base camp. Steve-O is just 30 minutes behind him, with JusReign and Furious Pete next in line. Jukka and Chachi have broken away. At the back of the pack, Nikki, and Chuck are falling further behind by the minute. - I always knew I wanted to be a comedian or an actor, or something, but there was nobody that I could look up to when I was growing up, and be like, "Man, I want to be like that dude." My main reason for doing this, is like, you know, people like me will never climb a mountain. I'm doing this to push my people or my culture forward. I'm gonna be a pioneer. I'm gonna break grounds. I'm gonna let everybody know that's watching us, like, "Hey, you can do it too." Representation is super, super important. And whether it'd be intentional or not, it's just like just do you, just do whatever you want to do, and you're gonna inspire other people to kind of follow that trajectory. - I would say the most challenging thing I've ever done was battling cancer. I finished chemotherapy April 4th, 2017. And four months ago, I had my last injection. And then now I'm here, you know, about to climb a 20,000 foot mountain. Who out there can say that? - I'm feeling good. I'm actually really surprised. I don't feel any like, I'm like a little out of breath, but not like super, like, hyperventilating, or anything like that. And it's nice. And it's so pretty. - [Jukka] Chachi's killing it. - It's a lot of fun. I never thought I would actually enjoy it this much. - [Lia] I feel like this isn't on right. Like I feel like I have to hold it up. - [Chuck] Put one foot in front of the other. - [Lia] My shoulders are [bleeping] burning. - [Chuck] Wanna hand that to me? I'll take it for you. - Thanks. Do you need help putting it on? - [Chuck] No yet. I got it like this. - Oh, you got it? Okay, thanks. - [Chuck] This is a team adventure. We're on a team journey. And we're all trying to make it. And I'm gonna help out the best I can. Hopefully when I need it someone's gonna help me. - Before we started today's hike I wasn't even sure if Wendy was gonna even hang out with me. And then something clicked, and she won't go anywhere without me. I've just been intermittently crying the whole [bleeping] time, because I just can't handle the beauty. I was thinking about how, like, I'm out of touch with the world now, and no Wi-Fi, no cellphone, and, like, how I just wanted to tell the people I love ... But I will. I will. And it's all good man. Everything's so good. I'm just so happy. So, let's go [bleeping] handle this, dude. - Fatality! Got a little colder. Little breezy. - I am tired as shit. We are almost at base camp. I think Mikko said that we have an hour and a half left. So, I'm really excited for that moment, 'cause now it's starting to like affect me. I feel kind of dizzy. So, the altitude is making me kind of dizzy. Me and Jukka are saying that when speak we only hear ourselves like two seconds after, it's like a weird delay. It's like you're in your body but you're not, and my stomach's going crazy. - Right now you're starting to feel that you're physically getting tired, and it feels so good. - I'm gonna sleep so good tonight. Oh, I'm excited. - [Narrator] With three miles still to go, and sunset just two hours away, Lia, Nikki, and Chuck, are at risk of missing the cutoff time. - You don't feel dizzy, do you? - A little bit. - Lightheaded? - Yeah, a little lightheaded. Can I just sit for a little bit? - It's not nice, but it's normal. - Is it okay if I sit? Just give me a minute. - [Juha] Another please, so, you won't get dehydrated. - I feel like it's getting worse. - We still have four kilometers to go. Less than three miles. - [Lia] I'm trying. I'm trying to keep going. - So, it shouldn't be very bad. - [Lia] Like I want to do this. - [Juha] It's gonna get easier in 30 minutes now. Little by little. - I know, it's just my head really hurts. - Yeah, try to breathe a few times, like, heavily. - My head just feels, I just feel like really lightheaded, and I hate this feeling so much. When I used to go on hikes at home, I would just, whenever I was ready to go home, I would just go home. Whenever I wanted to take a break, I would just take a break. I feel like too much blood has rushed to my head. I'm not used to this. I'm not used to pushing myself to my limits. - Keep rolling your head until you feel a pull, like I just got bunch of relief from my headache after doing that. I'm feeling really frustrated again. Why can't I get my heart rate low? I can't acclimate as quickly as some of the other members of the team, and I don't understand why. I run five miles a day when I'm back at home, yet I'm just not acclimating. - I don't know what happened. Just coming over that ridge ... I'm just so, I don't know, happy with myself that I got here. I had a lot of thoughts that went through my head. This past year has been the most difficult time of my life, and for me to get here is just a surreal feeling, that's why I'm, these are just tears of happiness. I wish my family was here. I wish my fiancee was here. I'm not even at the summit. I'm proud of myself for just getting here. It's just a surreal moment for me. I'm pumped. - [Narrator] Two hours and 40 minutes after departing, Gus arrives at base camp. Elevation: 14,271 foot. 25 minutes behind him, Steve-O and Wendy are making great time, with JusReign and Furious Pete charging along. Just over a mile behind Pete, Yukka and Chachi are well ahead of the back of the pack. - How are you? - Good. - Sampsa. - Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. How was the track? - Fun. It was good. - Are you okay.? - Yeah. - You did it pretty fast. - Two hours and 40 minutes. - You are in good shape. - [Narrator] As each member of the expedition arrives in base camp, they'll have their heart rate and oxygen saturation levels checked. Heart rates vary from person to person, but anything over 140 beats per minute or under 80% saturation is cause for concern. - [Chachi] Oh my God, you scared me. - Your heart rate is 125, and oxygen saturation is ... At the moment, 80. - They told us going into it that it was anywhere between a four hour and a seven hour hike, and that we should just set our pace. And I'm competitive, and I'm an idiot, so, I'm like, "I'm gonna make it in less than three hours." And I ended up making it up here in like two hours and 40 minutes, so, I went pretty quick. Oh, hi, baby! Come here! Oh, hi, Wendy! How was your hike, babe? (Steve-O laughing) Nice work, kid. I'm glad you made it in second. - [Sampsa] It's 108, and the saturation, 99. - [Steve-O] Is that good? - [Sampsa] Perfect. - Oh, all right. I'll take it. - I mean, honestly, that's better than mine, but, also, if I had gone really slow, it probably would've been better (Steve-O laughs). - Who said brown dudes couldn't do this shit? Hey, man. - [Gus] Nice work, dude. - When did you guys get here? It's hard. It's very, very hard. It's honestly easily the hardest thing I've done in my life. But I did it, so, I'm happy I did. - Heart rate is 140, and your saturation is 93. Very good. - Is it? - Yeah, it is good. - So, I can do that mountain, you think? You think I got that? - [Gus] Oh my God, nice of you to make it. - How the hell did you do that? That is beyond impressive. - [Gus] Thanks, man. - How are you feeling? - I'm okay. My fingers are pretty frozen right now. - All right, so I'm here today to show you guys a really fantastic new neighbor. It's an up and coming neighborhood, but there's a lot of new development going on. I actually personally live here. This is my own home. I built it myself. But there are a ton of other homes popping up around the neighborhood. These two are just beginning the development stages of a new project, so, they're gonna be our neighbors. Love that we got some diversity in the neighborhood, Canadian. It's a really gentrified neighborhood that we've got here. We've got all types of people. And when you look at the view, all the way up there, that's Tocllaraju, where we're gonna be summiting, and we'll probably putting up more properties there. We're really just developing the market. - [Juha] What about you, Nikki, how are you? - How are you? - [Nikki] My legs are getting fatigued. I'm tired. - [Juha] Yeah, I know. Do you have any sweets left, because you are running out of energy. That's it. Squeeze. Lia, how're you doing? - [Lia] I'm doing good. - [Juha] Yeah, I can see that. - [Lia] Almost there. - [Juha] Give me more. Are you tired? -How you feel? - [Lia] I'm exhausted. -How exhausted? - [Juha] If the scale is from one to five, - [Lia] Five. - [Juha] No, your mind is the strongest muscle you have. - [Jukka] Woo! Is it 40,000 feet yet? Oh, yeah. Yeah, girl. - [Chachi] Finally. - You guys be speeding. You guys' been busting your balls. - Good job, brother. - Good job, girl. - So, it's 91, - Ok and saturation level is 87. So you are doing pretty good. - Excited. - 500 meters to base camp. We almost made it. - 500? - [Chuck] You guys ready? - [Juha] Shall we go? - [Chuck] We're almost there. You've got it. You all right? - A few more steps to go, guys. And we do it together. - Did you already saw the camp? - [Chuck] Yeah. I'll take your bag. - I've got it. Thank you, though. - [Juha] Okay, let's take the last steps. - My sport was an individual sport, but we also had a fight team, and guys that were responsible for getting me good, and, so, I felt the responsibility to help them get better and help them get ready for the fights. Every time I needed them for something they showed up, so, when they needed me I showed up too. I think I'm a good team player. I'd like to see everybody get to the top of the mountain. If we can make it happen, that'd be awesome. - It was a huge accomplishment just to get to base camp, 'cause I've never done any remotely close to this. - [Chachi] So proud of you. Look who did it. Look who made it. - I thought I would give up, but I didn't. Like, everybody's just been motivating me the whole time. - [Chuck] That was awesome. You pushed through it. That was awesome. - Thanks so much. - My pleasure. - [Lia] Thank you. - We're at base camp, and everybody made it, which makes me really happy, because that was, it wasn't obvious that everybody will make it. - Oh, thank you. - But the fact is that it's not getting any easier. Every day is just gonna get tougher, and tougher, and tougher, and you gotta learn all these skills, and then you gotta keep pushing yourself physically, and more and more. - 110 and 84. - [Sampsa] That's good. - 141, and the saturation level is 85. - Heart rate is 150. Oxygen saturation is 75, 74. - Is that okay for this hike? I want it to get better. - In the evening or tomorrow it should be getting better. - Okay, thank you. - Well, done. - Thanks. - [Narrator] With minutes remaining until nightfall, no one is removed from the summit team today. But both Nikki and Lia will be watched closely by expedition leaders. - Thank you. - Thank you. - [Narrator] Because when climbing a 20,000 foot peak, a team is only as strong as its weakest link. - The first night at the 14,000 level, it's hard to sleep, I think so, because your heart is pumping all the time. Your heart doesn't go low, because you don't recover here like at sea level. For the people who struggle, it will be a very long night for them. - [Chachi] I'm so cold. - [Jukka] Move around. - [Chachi] My fingers don't work, so I can't zip anything up. - I don't know what it is about the toilet paper here, but it smells so good. Why? It smells like fresh soap. Fresh soap and linen. My skin has been awful here. There are no showers. I can't wash my face. I've been using makeup wipes. - I'm wearing like seven jackets, so, if you're feeling cold, just shut up and go put on more jackets. As you can see I'm breathing heavily, because we're freaking all the way up here, and then you gotta, you know what I mean? Man, I don't know if I'm making any sense, because I'm so high up in the air. I'm not making sense. I'm gonna get some sleep. I'm gonna go to sleep. Goodbye. Give me a kiss. Bye. - It was a good one today. It was hard work. Kind of stuck around and helped out some of the girls. Getting the mind right, and getting through the hike. I just saw that mountain, and I'm ready. I'm so ready to get up that thing. - [Narrator] Coming up on Ultimate Expedition. The team will face a 200 foot vertical repel. - Nobody has any fear of heights? - [JusReign] It's not like a big fear, but ... - It's really high up, and you're walking off a cliff. - [Furious Pete] That drop is lethal. [Bleep] - [Narrator] They will need to conquer their fears, or be cut from the expedition. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 