Ultimate Expedition: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ultimate Expedition 
 s1e5 - Hanging by a Wire - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ultimate Expedition (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Hanging by a Wire - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Narrator] Previously on Ultimate Expedition Oh my god I'm so tired. [Narrator] The team of novice climbers got no time to rest. We hiked for 12 hours crazy high up into the mountains. [Narrator] As training hit a new level of intensity. I've just been having like the worst headache. [Narrator] Lia suffered from pulmonary edema and was evacuated. We have to climb up that? [Narrator] The remaining climbers were tested 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 on their most technical challenge yet a 100-foot sheer ice wall. (Jukka groans) Nikki was unable to complete the challenge and her fate hangs in the balance. Are we gonna give her a chance? [Narrator] And now with the toughest team member in jeopardy (Chuck coughs) a massive ice bridge has collapsed and the team only has two days to prepare for the worst case scenario. (Steve-O grunts) [Man] Falling falling, falling. (suspenseful music) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey babe it's me. Um I'm calling from a satellite phone so you might not recognize the number. So I'm just gonna leave a message like I'm talking to you. [Narrator] The expedition team meets to decide Nikki's fate. So we give Nikki an opportunity to try and push her limits because it is an expedition. They might say that I can't do it but I love you and I miss you so much. And I don't know if you're in Seattle right now but if you're home just please tell Iris that I love her and I miss her. And give her a big hug for me. And she was crying but she really like pushed her like limit higher and higher and higher so-- Like it's just like crazy physical. Well my legs were like giving out and like it hurt so bad. Like I just couldn't do it anymore. And I don't know if I'm gonna get eliminated. [Jukka] Are we gonna keep her in or should we cut her out because of the risk factor? Because of her spirit I will give her a chance. But if she has any kind of problem to when we are going up to Ishinca hike that's it. I will cut her out from expedition. That's it. I think that's fair. We'll give her a chance. I signed on because I wanted to climb the mountain but it keeps getting like really really hard. And it's just frustrating for me when I'm putting myself all out there and then I just can't do it. You've made it this far. To see you break down and still keep on pushing that's what I'm really looking at. Yeah. [Jukka] We decided to give you another chance. [Nikki] So I'm not eliminated? You still get to try. We're gonna give her that chance because she really wants to do it. She wants to do it for her daughter. I can't believe that I actually didn't get eliminated. And so I feel like maybe I can do the next thing too. [Narrator] The expedition leaders have allowed Nikki to continue but she's not the only one they must closely monitor. (Chuck coughs) Good morning Chuck. [Chuck] Good morning. [Narrator] Chuck has a lingering cough that has the expedition doctor concerned. How's your cough? It's still there. [Narrator] He will not be cleared to climb if his health gets worse. I'm like yeah I'm fine. That's the only answer that makes sense. I do not wanna get cut. I do not want them to stop me. Thank you doc. (Chuck coughs) See you. [Narrator] In two days the team will attempt their first summit 18,000-foot Mount Ishinca. It'll be their final test before summiting the much higher and far more technical Mount Tocllaraju. But in the Peruvian Andes the ice is always changing. Global warming is melting glaciers at a rapid rate and they're in constant flux. So before the rest of the expedition team can attempt to summit the local guides must scout the ascent route. So the team has a day to rest and prepare for the hike to Ishinca (mumbles). This is our lovely laundry room here? Step one fill up the bag with some water. Oh it's so cold! Okay get a little soap in there. Make your own spin cycle you know. Look how dirty the water is in the bag. That's what we were sitting in this filth. Like you can't it's so foggy. [Steve-O] Choking out provided that you don't hit your head and you're not on drugs or drunk is safe. For the most part yes. I mean there's things that can happen. [Steve-O] So you can just choke me out real quick. I can choke you out if you wanna be choked out. Yes. Warning guys warning. What you're about to see is under the supervision of the most professional motherfucker ever, okay? Don't play like this. It's not a funny game unless you're with Chuck Liddell. I have to pee. Am I likely to pee myself when I'm out. Most likely not because I'm not gonna keep you out that long. As soon as you go out-- So you just know what the fuck you're doing. (Steve-O grunts) That was a good one. (group laughs) That was a really good one. Holy shit I had no idea where I was! That was amazing! Chuck Liddell you're a badass! Yeah! He shakes like this. He just like laid you down and went. There you go. (group laughs) - That was crazy. [Steve-O] If you're gonna get choked out-- Get choked out by Chuck. Yeah! Whoo! That's what you call a freelapse. Yeah dude. All right we made a swimming pool yesterday. We dammed there and we dammed there. And now Jukka is gonna take a little bath in it. (Yukka grunts) (Gus laughs) Oh no somebody save it. Holy baloney! Ah. (beep) I cut my foot. [Gus] Are you okay? [Chachi] Are you all right? [Narrator] With no access to hospitals or emergency vehicles, the medical tent is the only place to treat injuries at base camp. (Jukka groans) Two years ago when we were here a blister took one guy out. Will this take me down? Is there a risk for that? Doctor told me take a rest day. I hope that's it for now and this doesn't get infected. I just gotta pay attention at getting healthy again. Well screw my life. [Narrator] Minor injuries turn crippling in extreme altitudes. Jukka's attempt to summit is in jeopardy without getting rest. He'll need to sit out the next challenge. Up on Ishinca the scouts have been checking the route near the summit and they radioed down with a problem. Several ice bridges have collapsed. Now there is no way up the mountain without crossing massive crevices Apparently there was like an ice bridge on top of the mountain that everybody used to cross. But that collapsed and now we have to use aluminum ladders. [Pete] Does that scare you? That does scare me because it's over like a crevice. Yeah and it's like eight meters wide. That's fucking huge. You can't jump that. [Jasmeet] You cannot jump that. As you may have heard a giant crevice has opened directly on the path of the summit. Now that means that today, we're practicing how to rescue your teammate or yourself from an accident. We're minimizing the risks and we've got guides professional guides with us, but they can get into an accident as much as one of you guys. We might feel safe because we have guides but the truth is it's possible that we have to save the guides. It is. Or if you fall in the crevice, you gotta be able to save yourself because the other teammates might not be able to get you out of there. There's no helicopters coming in here. Helicopters can't even fly to this base camp. It's up to your team to save you and get you to safety. And I'll be evaluating you. I evaluate people. First of all it's mountaineering skills. The next is their health and condition. And the third part is, of course the teamwork skills. If people are not focused enough they're out. [Jukka] 10 minutes and then we start. [Narrator] The team will be put through a final series of tests. First the climbers must complete a simulated crevice crossing while roped together. When somebody falls, the first thing he or she does is he shouts falling as loud as he can. And everybody in the rope team repeats so that the people know what is going on. When you hear shout falling you take a self arrest position which is that you take from the axe and from the spike. [Antti] Falling! [Mikko] You just fall on your axe shaft. Okay now each rope team can start individually just walk and practice. [Narrator] Like military drill instructors the Finnish guides will create a high-stress situation to test the team. They must identify any weak links and remove them from the expedition because at 20,000 feet panic can be lethal. [Man] Falling! [Narrator] To mitigate a fall climbers must learn how to keep the rope tight. No we're good. Oh yeah falling! Nope. Jumping. [Narrator] Constant communication is key. The pace on a rope is determined by the slowest team member. [Chachi] I'm trying to keep up with the guys. [Narrator] So the expedition leaders are looking for how the group moves together as one unit. [Chachi] Jumping. Here we go. Jumping. [Gus] Stop. [Chachi] Dang it. Ooh! I'm fine. Yeah I'm not here to get eliminated. So I'm trying to get to the top of the mountain. And if I was with a group that was capable of doing that and there was one weak link, whoever it was I would absolutely drag the rope with them behind them to make sure that the other three of us didn't get eliminated. [Man] Falling! [Nikki] Falling! [Narrator] After two hours of jump and fall training, everyone moves on to the next task. I was actually really surprised. I was watching thy guys (mumbles) and I was checking their like eyes and the face. And everybody were like really really focused what they were doing and I saw that they were like thinking. [Narrator] To cross a crevice teams must use an aluminum ladder. Any misstep could be deadly. In this next test they will wear 50-pound packs and will also use crampons to simulate the weight and balance issues they will face. (Chuck coughs) Okay so there's going to be like huge crevice. If some reason he is going to fall or the next one is going to fall we are like keeping the rope tight. Like you can see where Carlos is putting his crampons. It's middle of (mumbles) the ladder. So that's the base balance you can get in the ladder. Both hands in the ladder and you are not falling down. Walking in crampons is quite awkward. It's like if you had like stiletto heels all over the bottom of your foot (chuckles) like on your toes and everything too. But we're gonna have to do that up there so it's important that we learn down here. [Narrator] To safely cross the ladder in crampons each team member must be extremely alert to their footing. One slip could send the entire rope team into the crevice. [Man] Really good. [Nikki] Yeah I'm on it now. [Chachi] Oh yeah you can't look up. (chuckles) Ready. (Chuck coughs) You definitely hear Chuck coughing a lot. Chuck is so strong. I don't know what he can take and what he can't take. [Narrator] With time running out before the team leaves to climb Ishinca and increasing the threat of more ice bridges collapsing, there's one final challenge they must complete. Okay please half circle over there. [Narrator] This final exercise simulates the worst case scenario. Today we're learning about self rescue which is super important when you're up in the mountains in case you fall in a crevice or something. We are attached to rope lines, so we have other people to look out for us and other people that we're looking out for. But ultimately at some point, you're kinda always looking out for yourself. It's possible that we take a step which we think is safe but then boom it breaks and we fall in. It is possible yeah. So when we are walking up to like a summit we have to pass those crevices. So that's why we have to train today this thing okay? Okay so first you are taking the rope and you are doing there with knot. Clove hitch. Clove hitch yeah. And next to that, you're putting your carabiner attach to the (mumbles) and then you're putting inside of your leg. After that you are lifting your leg loop higher stand up and then again leg loop. So you have to find the rhythm for that. Okay so I think now you can start to climb up. [Narrator] In order to pass, each team member must ascend a 25-foot line pulling themselves upward only using knots and ropes. Pete is good guy. He's strong and he's team player. But I think his physics are not for mountaineering. He's more like a deadlift man. [Narrator] What may look easy is actually the most physically demanding test so far. But it's about technique not brute strength. (beep) Too fat for this shit. Well I haven't seen Pete look this like daunted. [Gus] This has been tough. Can you imagine like 12 hours into a hike doing this? And then like imagine if it's a 100-foot crevice. [Pete] Shut the (beep) up. (group laughs) Yes. [Man] Yeah Pete. (group cheers) It was difficult. (chuckles) It was very frustrating. Body weight does play into it, and that makes a big difference when you have to lug more weight up. It requires more effort. I'm dead. (chuckles) Yeah. Hi-ya! I'll give myself a little more slack. When you have the rhythm it's easy but then... [Pete] Gus of course crushing it like usual. [Steve-O] Gus of course making me look terrible. [Pete] Yeah. [Man] Very good very good. Good job. (grunts) Hi-ya. Ah (beeps). The (beep) do I do now? Ah I hate this! [Gus] And stand up stand up. I was really like for that to be the one and only time that I ever go through that in my whole life. The boys are struggling. And I am watching them thinking man if they're struggling what's gonna happen to me? Nice Chachi. Crushing it Chachi. [Steve-O] Chachi's awesome. [Gus] Yeah Chachi! I don't know if it's because I'm lighter or I'm more flexible but, uh thank you ballet training. That's all I can say. (chuckles) (Jasmeet grunts) The self rescue is a test of like your patience and you not panicking. Just be completely calm and like understand the rhythm of how everything goes and then you'll be fine. [Gus] Yeah Jus. (group claps) All right now let's see if I can do this. Nice nice. There you go. I came here saying that I want to live in the moment but I don't know if I've necessarily been practicing that because I've been focusing so much on the end goal. I have to let go of the worry and just be there in the moment and try to do my best in the moment. Touch that? (group claps) So Nikki's hanging on. It's very good. She stuck in there and she still wants to go further. So that's a really good attitude to have. [Man] Excellent good job. (Nikki chuckles) (Chuck coughs) You're doing great buddy. [Man] Just take your time. (Chuck breathes heavily) You can see Chuck struggling. It really sucks because he is really awesome really supportive. He's just a team player. I am a little worried that he is sick. (Chuck coughs) Give yourself a breather if you need it man. There's no rush. You're stuck in a crevice. I don't know if Chuck is sick. I don't know if it's just a dry cough. I don't know. He says he's okay. You know he's a fighter, right? A couple of us are a little concerned and worried, you know. We don't want it to get worse because we're gonna be pushing a lot harder now. Your immune system is gonna get affected. We're worried about our team, you know. [Chachi] You got it Chuck. Yes. [Chachi] You got it. [Man] Nice Chuck. (group cheers) Good job. Self rescue was a tough one. It's a little tougher for guys like me and Pete because we're heavier. I'd rather avoid falling in a crevice and not have to do that. And if I do do that if I fall in a crevice I hope they can lower me a rope and pull me out. [Narrator] Everyone on the team has passed the test. Back at base camp, Chuck attempts to reach his wife by satellite phone before nightfall. It's not easy to get service here. My wife gets nervous when I do anything pretty much. She worries about me. It'll make her real happy to hear that I'm doing well. Hey baby I'm gonna try one more time. But in case I don't get you again I did great. Everything's going great. I feel pretty good. I mean other than having a cough everything's going as planned. I'm gonna get there. I'm gonna do it. Tell the kids I love 'em. I miss you guys a lot. Bye. I retired almost seven years ago. I got new kids now and I don't want them to see the guy that was world champion. I don't want them to see a guy resting on what he's done in the past. So that's what I'm here for, just to start to that showing them who their dad really is. Coming here has got me refocused and re-centered. I can't wait to get up there. [Narrator] Before clearing them to climb Ishinca, Dr. Hikey needs to reevaluate Jukka's toe injury and Chuck's worsening cough. [Jukka] It's infected, right? Yeah. (beep) It is heartbreaking and it's a really important thing for me to get on top of that mountain. I wanna be able to be there with the team supporting them every step of the way and do it myself. Now take a deep breath. (Chuck coughs) It might be a virus infection. There's no need for antibiotic treatment but you can get medicine that helps to get out of the sputum. Okay perfect. Yeah. I've been coughing a little bit. And (coughs) but I still wanted to check it out make sure I'm okay. I mean my heart rate's great. Saturation's fine. He said he was gonna give me something to try to get some of the phlegm up I guess. But I should be all right. I'll be good. [Narrator] The entire team is cleared to summit Ishinca. Now that we're going to Ishinca we're gonna be carrying a lot of stuff from sleeping bags, to tents to our own food that we'll be cooking. So they'll show how to pack and what you exactly need. [Narrator] The climbers will need to carry everything on their backs stoves tents food, water. The bags will range in weight from 50 to 85 pounds. And for those already struggling with illness or injury and already difficult climb could become impossible. So Chuck's been sick. It's clear that he knows it but he doesn't want to stop. He's a fighter. That's his life. No matter the pain he wants to win. And the win here is the summit if Ishinca. He's been struggling. You can see it but he won't admit it. He won't admit it. I don't know what it's gonna take to summit the mountain, actually. I come into this not knowing anything about mountaineering. (beep) I don't know. I don't wanna quit so I'm not worried about having to make a decision whether I wanna quit. But obviously it's not up to me. We'll see. [Narrator] Coming up on Ultimate Expedition. So we're leaving base camp with heavy ass bags to go to high camp. [Gus] How heavy do you think these packs are? [Jasmeet] It feels like 75 pounds. It makes a huge difference. (Chuck coughs) Chuck he's sick. I already feel like I'm gonna throw up. Yeah? I still might be able to keep going I just don't know how far. [Jukka] Chuck Liddell he can barely breathe. Today was the first time that I saw that he might not make it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 