Ultimate Expedition: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ultimate Expedition 
 s1e1 - We've All Got a Screw Loose - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ultimate Expedition (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - We've All Got a Screw Loose - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (dramatic music) - [Voiceover] Deep in the Peruvian Andes, eight novice climbers will set out to conquer a 20,000 foot mountain. Known for fighting, comedy, dancing, competitive eating, the Olympics, or just being a jackass, (shouting) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 none of them are known for climbing mountains, and they all have something different to prove to themselves. - I'm doing this to push my people and my culture forward. - [Voiceover] Legendary thrill-seeker Jukka Hilden will lead the way. (excitedly shouting) They must master the skills, (shouting) conquer their fears, - Afraid of heights? - I am. - [Voiceover] and survive the elements. (chattering) or they will be cut from the expedition. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Send him down. - [Voiceover] Only those who persevere can make it to the top. (dramatic music) - Alright guys, we are on a bus. It's gonna be a ten hour ride. I spend most of my time gaming and online just making videos for YouTube, and I've had to overcome people judging me and always thinking that my gameplay is not real. Just because I'm a girl, they're like, "No way, there's no way she could be good at games." I'm here to kick ass like I do in gaming. I wanna prove that I can climb the mountain, that I am physically able to do things that I never thought I could do. - We are in Peru. We've just been in the car for about nine hours, and we're about half an hour away from where we're going. Hola. Nope. (dramatic music) I was the first athlete to come out in any action sport, which was a scary step to take, but in sports and in life you have to really be able to conquer your own fears before you're able to conquer any sort of challenge that's in front of you. I'm gonna be a complete novice at this whole mountaineering thing. I think I've had a pretty good experience overcoming fears, so it makes me feel good, it definitely gives me a little bit of confidence going up into the mountains with these guys. - [Voiceover] The Andes Mountains run the length of South America. Some of its highest peaks are located deep in the heart of Peru. They surround the remote city of Huaraz, the jumping-off point for the team. From everywhere in the city you can see the deadly peaks looming above. - We're about to go up 20,000 feet, and it's the real thing. People die on this mountain. People die in mountain climbing. But we're going there, we're tackling this beast, we're taking it by the balls, and we're gonna summit that son of a bitch. I've already been there two years ago, and I did not summit that mountain because of a storm. And now that's my dragon to slay, to summit Mount Tocllaraju. - [Voiceover] Summiting a mountain the size of Tocllaraju takes a team of people with one shared goal. Every climber also has an important personal reason for coming here. - It's been seven years since I retired, and kind of felt a little lost. - Chuck. You ready to take on one of those? - Oh yeah, for sure. I have a wife and three kids at home. I would love for them to see me at the top of that 20,000 foot mountain with my hands in the air. - Hey! - What up! - I'm so excited to be here! - Hey. - Hi. Finally here. - What's up man. - How you doing? - [Voiceover] No one on the team has any climbing experience, but they all bring something unique to this expedition. - Yeah, dude. Want some pee? - (laughing) Is that all pee? - I'm known for doing dumb stuff, like putting things up my butt. I think what drives me in virtually everything that I've ever done is that I'm an attention whore. - All right. Are you guys feeling any altitude, out of breath, anybody? - A little bit. - Little bit. - [Voiceover] The biggest threat in mountain climbing is altitude sickness. The team will acclimate in Huaraz for the next three days before they leave for base camp. At 10,000 feet, every breath has a third less oxygen than at sea level, and the higher they climb, the bigger the threat. - I'm so glad to have you here. Anybody have a headache? - Me, starting to get one. - [Woman] Little light-headed. - Feels like I already drank a beer, but I haven't. (laughing) - Just take it easy. Get comfortable, get to your room, drink a lot of water, and I'll see you guys tomorrow. When we'll get ready to tackle this beast of a thing. Alright, let's do this. (subdued cheering) - [Voiceover] But even with the added time to acclimate, everyone will struggle with altitude sickness in some form. - They don't have an elevator? - Hey, you're gonna go climb a mountain. (laughs) - (panting) I'm so winded. I wanna prove to myself how strong I am. I wanna set a good example for my daughter. I want her to watch this and say, "Wow, my mom climbed a mountain, she did it." - Oh yeah, I like this. It is nice and rustic, beauty. This past year I was diagnosed with testicular cancer. I had my left testicle removed. It was definitely the most difficult battle of my life, going through chemotherapy. And to simply be here right now, damn, that's a good feeling. - [Steve-O] We're in Peru, right? - [Jukka] We're in Peru, we're in Huaraz. - Yeah, we're in Huaraz. What does Huaraz mean? - Huaraz, it's a small town in the middle of Peru. It's like a mountain climbing capital, but it's a small, dirty town. - Yeah, it's a small, dirty town. And I promised the guy in charge of production that I would not drink tap water. (laughing) (gargles and swallows) (laughing) (gargles and swallows) - Alright. - Are we screwed now? - Maybe. (laughing) But we did not drink tap water. (laughing) (peaceful music) - Google Maps tells me I'm in Peru, but the location and the setting in this room tells me I'm in India. But then you step outside here, right, and you're like, "Oh yeah, no, I'm in Peru." We landed last night. It is the first day here, straight to like orientations and all sort of nonsense. What are you doing in Peru? I'm climbing a mountain. - I actually didn't Vlog at all when we got into Huaraz yesterday. I was really pooped, I was really tired, and the altitude was kind of making me feel really wonky, and I didn't know what it was, and I walked up the stairs, and I was like (gasps). We have orientation this morning, and I am so excited, because I'm finally gonna get the information I've been trying to pry from everybody. I'm gonna eat some breakfast, 'cause your girl gotta eat. - I would like a little more sleep, but I could actually run up the stairs without feeling like someone hit me in the stomach. So I thought that was nice. - I have not felt hungry once since we've been here, and I've just been like, forcing myself to eat. They say it's a side effect of altitude thing, like loss of appetite. - I think it made me hungrier. I started dancing when I was six, ballet, and then got into hip hop when I was nine. I was really, really shy. I would hide behind my mom, I would cry. I cried my very first hip hop class, but I wanted to do it. So that was always my thing. I wanted to do things that scared me. So I'm used to challenging myself, and as an athlete, I obviously have the mindset of nothing's gonna stop me. So who am I to sit here, and turn this opportunity down because I'm scared? - It's real. We're gonna try to climb a 20,000 foot mountain that is called Tocllaraju. Here are the rules you're gonna live by on this expedition. 'Cause you gotta learn every single thing to be able to go up on that mountain and come down safely. Or if you're not healthy enough, or if you don't have the physical capability, you will be eliminated. It's a matter of safety, and safety is number one. I don't wanna scare you too much, but eight people died summiting the past few months. And they're the people that make stupid mistakes. (dramatic music) How is everybody feeling at this moment, like about the altitude 'cause we just came here, we're in what, 10,000 feet right now, and for most of you guys it's the first time. - Last night I was starting to get a little bit freaked out that I couldn't breathe, and the doctor came and looked at me. Sometimes I just need that reassurance. I don't like feeling out of control. - I was really nauseous when I woke up, like I threw up a little bit before breakfast. - Not a lot of people have the courage to take the bull by the horns and go out of their comfort zone. I mean, you've never even been camping, right? - No. - And you're here, you're in Peru. - Yeah. - I think that's a pretty epic first time camping. - Yeah. (laughing) - To go and try to summit a 20,000 foot mountain. - I got my name SSSniperWolf from a video game. It was one of the very first games I played. It's called Metal Gear. Sniper Wolf was my favorite character and my inspiration, she's like a really badass character, and I always wanted to be like her. And I kinda like to think that I am. - JusReign, coming in hot, right? - I'm like, for some reason I'm not nervous, but I'm really excited. I think the biggest interesting thing I'll learn is just learning to listen to my body. If you Google Image Search mountaineer, mountain climber, like if I do that right now, all you get is like pictures of like four or five white dudes standing on top with like, grizzly beards, and they're like, "Hey!" that's it. You'll never see a brown guy climb a mountain, it's like a black dude playing hockey. I told my parents this, and they were so mad at me. They're like, why would you go do (speaks Punjabi), in Punjabi means "shit white people do." Why would you go do shit white people do? That's how revolutionary and monumental it is. - I wanna introduce you the expedition leader, Mikko Vermas, he calls the shots. He's summited Mount Everest. He's been climbing here for 20 years. His word is the rule, and he's gonna keep us safe. - [Voiceover] Climbing Mount Tocllaraju is treacherous. The team will have to cross glaciers and navigate crevasses. The last stretch is a near-vertical ice wall with a half-mile drop on either side. For their own safety, the climbers will be constantly evaluated by the expedition leader and the team doctor. - We got one of the world's top high-altitude doctors with us, Heikki Karinen, and he's also been to Everest. We can count on them with our lives. That's why they're here. - Sorry, but last year I had ankle surgery, it's called an open reduction, where my ankle is held together with lots of screws and a plate. Is that a problem? - No, but I think one screw might be a little loose. (laughing) - Enjoy your time in Huaraz while you can, because tomorrow we start the first test. (dramatic music) - [Voiceover] The team still needs time to acclimate to the lower oxygen levels. They'll have the rest of the afternoon to stock up on supplies and explore the vibrant streets of Huaraz. - I love dogs, so I pay attention to street dogs everywhere I go. And we've seen all kinds of dogs here in Peru. Next thing you know, Gus and I are trying to feed dogs. - Finding a dog that wants to eat this dog food is turning out to be more difficult than expected. - Hey, come here, pooper. Oh, it's okay, buddy. - [Gus] Oh my god, you are so cute. - [Steve-O] Oh, it's okay. - [Gus] The dogs don't like us. Oh, oh sorry. - Alrighty. Hello, hola. (speaking Spanish) Yeah we need some coca leaves. (speaking Spanish) I think we need the premium stuff. - We definitely need the premium. (speaking Spanish) - Oh, this is good, this is good stuff? Yeah, yeah, okay. Can we get, I think we need a whole bag. - I have to hold my breath. Oh my gosh, smells so bad in here. Hola. It smells really bad here, like I can barely breathe. - I'm cool, I'm chilling. Let's look at some more carcasses, why not? It's culture. Honestly, I feel like I'm in Punjab. It looks no different than Punjab. People look the same, the streets, the smells. There's rickshaws going around. The only thing different is the signs, the signs are written in Spanish, and that's it. - [Chuck] A little bit. - I'm getting a ton of nuts. I'm really excited because-- - Make your own trail mix. - Yeah, Whole Foods, but in Peru. - My tongue is so numb right now. - (laughing) Mine too. - I can't feel anything. - Little curious how the white powder makes your mouth numb. (laughing) - I hope this is benefiting me in some way. - Well it's supposed to be great for the hikes, that's what they said. - I don't know. - Elevation on the hikes-- - Okay, I feel like maybe we shouldn't have done it right now 'cause we don't even need it right now. (laughing) She's laughing, oh yeah. (whistles) - [Steve-O] Come here pretty girl. - [Gus] (speaking Spanish) - [Steve-O] Come here pretty girl. - [Gus] Come on. - [Steve-O] Hello. - [Gus] Who's the sweetest girl? - [Steve-O] You think she's the one for the tent? - [Gus] She could definitely come stay at my hotel. - She loved the food, and she's followed me around, and I named her Wendy. It's time for Wendy to have a spa day at the vet. Flea bath, get rid of her critters, clean her up, get her vaccinations, just treat her right. We get to the hotel, trying to sneak her through the lobby. Go, go, go. The first person that sees me is the guy that runs the whole hotel. Just a bust. I said, okay, give me a sleeping bag. I'm sleeping outside with the dog. We're sleeping out here, girl, yeah, yeah. They're pitching a tent for me and Wendy. Alright dude, we'll see you in the morning. - Alright, today's the day. We're gonna do the first test hike. We're gonna do a four hour hike, and we're gonna go up to 12,000 feet. This is the day I've been waiting for, you know, it's to go up there and start doing something. Get a backpack on and go out there and hike, and actually look at the nature and see the mountains. - Alright guys, we're on our way to the hike. This is the first hike we're doing. And yeah, it's like an hour away, and it's getting really hot in here, there's no A/C. Guys, we roll this, it's over, we're dead. (laughing) We're gonna try to tip the bus. - Why would we do that? - What's the song? - Row, row your boat. - Rock, rock, rock your boat. - [Man] It's kinda hard. It's hard to stay in rhythm. - [Voiceover] This five mile hike is the team's first real test. If they show major symptoms of altitude sickness, they will not be allowed to hike to base camp tomorrow, and they could be cut from the expedition before it even begins. Jukka and the finish team will be evaluating them every step of the way. - So our trip is going from there, and we are continuing up there. You can see the highest point. Don't go too fast. If you're feeling that you start to breathe really heavily, then you're going too fast. (dramatic music) - Just wanted to tell you to take it easy and really pay attention how you're feeling 'cause you know how you suffered, you had some symptoms down in Huaraz, and now we're going 2,000 feet higher up. - I was already having problems yesterday. I just hope that I can do the hike. - The doctor also said that you're not fully acclimated yet, so just pay attention 'cause I want you on that mountain. - I wanna go too. - I'm watching Nikki because she's been having a hard time acclimating. Her heart rate's been 140, and that's just over the top. And it's not looking good. Hey Chuck, please take it easy. We're gonna go all the way that way. We're gonna gain altitude, and it's a tough trek physically, even though you don't feel it. - I realize it's a marathon not a sprint. We got lotta days ahead of us, and we're in no hurry to get anywhere. So my heart starts going up, I'll slow it down. - Cool. - I'll take it easy. I'm gonna try to keep it slow and just kinda follow the rules, kinda stay with everybody. - Let's go. - Move it. (upbeat music) - Hey guys, by the way, I'll let you in on a little secret. This dung... - Is actually really good. - Oh my god, you get away from me - This has so much vitamins in it. - With that, Jukka. - What do you have there? - It's donkey poo. But it's really good for climbing. Chachi, you want some of this? - Wanna try it? Look, there's flies everywhere. - Ohhh, did you just throw it at me? (laughing) (dramatic music) - You know, today was the first day I could run up and down the stairs without getting shortness of breath at 10,000 feet, so now I'm gonna see how it works going up 13,000. My approach to obstacles is always try harder, work harder. I think the hard part is I have a tendency to go fast, especially uphill. I don't have a slow button, so I'm gonna have to learn to pull back, and I don't know if I'll notice the symptoms of feeling like, okay, you gotta slow down for the altitude. (panting) - Okay. So, sounds like we already lost someone. We're like 15 minutes in. - Well, I'm not naming names, but Nikki was falling far behind. (laughing) (panting) - I feel short of oxygen, and my heart rate gets really high. I just need to concentrate. I'm telling myself I need to calm down. - [Voiceover] As the team climbs to 13,000 feet, they're getting their first real taste of the upcoming hike to base camp. (panting) - I'm just trying to keep up with my girl. Whew. - [Voiceover] Breathing is difficult, as oxygen levels decrease with every step. The lower the oxygen, the faster fatigue sets in. Under these conditions, even the smallest mistakes get magnified. - I've got bad news. I didn't know I was supposed to try on my shoes. They don't even [bleep] come close to fitting me, and so because I've been wearing these stupid [bleep] shoes, now my pinky toe is telling me, "Congratulations on your blister. "You [bleep] asshole." I can't believe I'm such a dipshit! - [Jukka] See how professional the best altitude doctor in all of the world, see how he is taping it? - [Steve-O] It's like duct tape. - [Heikki] It's duct tape. - I'm an idiot. - [Voiceover] The team approaches the halfway point. Now it's more important than ever to focus on how their bodies are reacting to the lower levels of oxygen in the air. (dramatic music) - I've been telling myself this entire trip, "Don't be overconfident." I think I'm just kinda training my mind to remain focused, you know? I think it's a good little test hike to get your shit in order and figure out where your strengths lie, where your weaknesses lie. Gotta do whatever it takes. - So, 15 minutes break. Drink it. At lunch is the highest point after like maybe 40 minutes, 45 minutes. - The walk to base camp is obviously a longer hike, or at least I'm told, but yeah, I think if we get through this no problem, then we'll be able to get to base camp. We'll be able to get to base camp. I'll just leave it at that. - Hey guys, let's go. It's not really a competition, and how I look at it, the person who comes in last is the most likely person to actually be doing good. You're keeping your pace. Good. - (whispers) No talking. - No talking, so you don't get outta breath. But you're listening, that's good. - Watch me come out on top. I'll get there. (dramatic music) - We made it. Woo! - We climbed all the way to the top. And when that's the practice hike, you know you're in for some gnarly shit. - So we made it to the highest point of our trek, and it's all downhill from here, so I did it. Once we reached the top, the doctor came back around and tested everyone's saturation levels, and my heart rate was at 115, so it went down a lot from 140. I don't have to make it to the top of the mountain very fast. I just have to make it to the top of the mountain. (cheering) - Alright, cool. - I'm not gonna lie, I was in the back. I wasn't up front, but I mean, I'm going at my own pace, I'm taking my time. Both of us. - A lot of the group was really fast, and Lia and I were taking it pretty slow, and I think that's the best way to go, especially for us. (dramatic music) - Heart rate's 130, saturation 81. Okay, heart rate is 127, saturation is 83. Heart rate at rest 115, oxygen saturation 86, which is good. We are still 800 meters higher than Huaraz. - Right. - So this is good. - [Voiceover] Despite some mild symptoms of altitude sickness, the team has been cleared for the hike to base camp tomorrow. - [Jukka] It's behind the clouds. Looks like it's calling my name. - [Voiceover] On that first push, they'll be going twice as far, 4,000 feet higher, with triple the weight on their backs. For most of the team, that's when the real test will begin. - Nothing matters except for the last peak, so the fight is that last summit. Everything up until then is just training. I look at it as it's like the tortoise and the hare. I'm gonna be the tortoise. I'm trying to be one of the last guys standing on the top of that mountain. (laughing) (sighs) - I am gassed. Like honestly, it's kinda stupid that they made us do a hike today to figure out if we were acclimated. They could've brought us here, and we could've jumped for five minutes, and you woulda seen who's acclimated, and clearly I'm not. - I'm not. - Oh my god, everything hurts so bad, and to top it all off, I have the worst sunburn. I feel like I've really struggled in the beginning part and nobody else is struggling except me. And it was just very hard for me to breathe. - I live by a motto: "If you're gonna be dumb, you gotta be tough." And this real expedition that starts tomorrow could be considered pretty dumb, but I'm ready. Bring it on. Woo! - We're about to go to base camp, and I'm gonna be off the grid for a little while. My family sent me a great video to inspire me and keep me happy. - We all believe in you, and we can't wait for you to summit the mountain. Don't quit, you know that-- - You can do it! - Liddells never give up, Dad. I love you, bye. - Oh yeah, and remember you're an example to all these kids. - Are you waving a fart? (laughing) - And never quit, ever. Never quit! - The only advice to give myself at a breaking point is my cubs are watching, I can't let them down. My wife's watching, can't let her down. Liddells don't quit. So I'm gonna prove it to 'em and make 'em proud. - Four months ago to this day I finished chemotherapy, and it was a big struggle. I never thought four months ago that I'd be in this position where I'm healthy enough or brave enough right now really--'cause I'm not 100% right now--to do something like this. And I'm just so happy with myself with how far I've come right now since chemo, and to be able to go and attempt to climb a 20,000 foot mountain. I know this is not supposed to be easy. You should not expect everyone to make it to the top, but I'm gonna give it my all, and we're gonna conquer. We're gonna conquer this mountain. - [Voiceover] This season on Ultimate Expedition. - The hike is officially beginning. - Are you ready for today? - No. (laughing) - Too much blood has rushed to my head. - It's a surreal moment for me. - Afraid of heights? - I am. - Do you feel nervous? - Oh my god, Nikki, your rope! (excited shouting) - Every time we go on a mission, it's the most intense mission I've ever been on. (dramatic music) - We have to climb up that? - There's no room for error. - Gus is like a spider monkey. - Ha! - Ha! - Ha! - It's infected, right? - Yeah. - So I don't know, I'll try to keep up. - Send him down. - It's a bubble. Ew! (hacking cough) - I'm exhausted. - Night time is right time. - One, two, three. - [Group] Summit! - This is the most batshit crazy thing I've ever agreed to. - Think I cried the whole way. (grunting) - I wanna quit. I wanna quit every time. - I just realized this is pure madness to bring these people here. (chattering) (dance music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 