Counterpart: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Counterpart 
 s1e10 - No Man's Land - Part Two - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Counterpart (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - No Man's Land - Part Two - full transcript 
 A crisis at the O.I. leaves both Howards stranded. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You think you're better than him. But someday you'll find where you meet. You will see. My name is Alexander Pope. Some years ago, I took a man like you and made him into a man like Howard Silk. That accident... that was Pope?! That's why she's in the hospital?! I miss my wife. I need to go home. A few months ago, I started getting these letters. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Other Howard's wife. She was my contact. Three known operatives have crossed in the last couple of days. I think it's time we talk to your wife. I'm turning you in. What about Spencer? Have you thought it through? Peter, what are you doing? There's nothing you can do. It's all underway. We can't touch him now. He's on the border. Do you know the motive of the shooters? One shooter, there was just one. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Initial reports said there were multiple gunmen. Reports from last night were inaccurate. There were not multiple gunmen. This was not a conspiracy. This was an isolated, tragic case of workplace violence. Will there be an investigation? We have no further comment at this time. I would like to ask that we all respect the privacy of our employees and their families. Right. Doctor wants to see you one more time before discharge. How do you feel? Your wife was worried. I told her a fractured clavicle is nothing. Except you won't be able to carry your baby for a few weeks. Jacqueline has a baby girl, too. 16 months old. Showed me pictures, adorable. The police were coming. Because of the alcohol in your blood. But someone from your job called it off. You're very lucky. So it was all for this. Five years of marriage, just... preparation. Peter, it hasn't even begun. The next few hours, days, months are gonna get very complicated. You'll see. The next step is for Diplomacy to get involved. That wasn't suicide. You had your seat belt fastened. You were trying to give us an alibi, weren't you? Because you've chosen to protect our family over everything else. We're going to need each other if we're gonna get through this. Go straight to work when they discharge you. You should be seen like this. Where are you going? To check on the baby. I'll be waiting for you at home. I need to talk to you. What the hell is she doing here? Bob, you need to listen to her. Got to go downstairs. Diplomacy's drafting a statement of condolence. We're keeping it sweet. It is gonna blow up in your face. There was an attack on their Office, wasn't there? Multiple shooters, identities unknown. How do you know that? This office is compromised. We need to gather people we can trust and formulate a response before it gets even worse. How the hell do you two know what's going on here? Bob, our side was behind this. What happened over there started here, in these offices, planned and executed by agents from our side. Right now, our neighbors are no doubt discovering this. How do you think they're gonna respond to your statements of sweet condolence? Then I just go to the church? 3:00. He'll be there. Okay. Just so you know... Pope doesn't make deals. I don't think I have any other choice. If he was in my position, what would he do? He would run, too. Same as the other two. Left their doubles for us to find. They want us to know it was them. You're gonna clean this up, before any police find it. - What about Quayle and his wife? - Not now. I know what you want, and I want it, too. But she's a director's daughter. We need to be careful. Go to Silk's hospital. Fuck Silk and fuck his wife. If he knows who's behind this, we need him back. Now go. Media's been taken care of. I take it you know the cover story. Yeah. No, I-I saw you on the television. Lone shooter. That's the key. Mental illness... That'll shut down all questions. I'd offer you a drink, but... Clare's fine, by the way. She's-she's been discharged already. Well, I'm glad to hear that she's fine. W-We were fighting in the... There's... We-we spoke this morning. We're sorting things out, and we're... I'm so sorry. For everything that's happened. I bought her a scarf. Cl-Clare? Helen, my secretary. I bought her a scarf. It was her birthday. And then this woman, whoever she was, she looks me right in the eye, semi-automatic in her hand... walks right by me. Why would she just walk right by me? How many shooters were there? Two dead. The third managed to crawl halfway through the Crossing. Where he remains. He-he's... he's-he's still alive? For now. That young man, that assassin, doesn't belong to us. They need to take possession of him. They need to acknowledge that these murderers come from their side. And you knew about it. That deal we tried to make. With Lambert, with the Embassy. The contractor. You tried to convince me to hold on to her. And I didn't listen. I didn't listen to a word. Fourth Floor wants to meet. They're coming down shortly. Management? Th-They're coming down here? I want you with me. If that's okay with you. Upstairs would like to thank everyone for gathering. This is Management? It's as close as we get. Management would like an explanation. Uh, I'm going to be handing this over to Emily Burton. She's been working this for Counterintelligence and has a better sense of what's going on than anyone at this table. So, Emily? Mr. Quayle, Upstairs asks if these conspirators belong to our neighboring world. Um, yes. They-they were citizens of the other world, hiding in ours. It was an illegal program, coded Indigo. Financed from secret coffers we haven't been able to trace. For years, they have been cultivating sleeper cells, children that have been trained in the art of replacing their others. They believe the '96 epidemic was our doing. And this was their act of revenge. We believe Indigo has already placed agents on the other side. We don't know who these agents are, we don't know how many of them are in our midst, but we suspect that this is just the beginning. The surviving shooter has now collapsed in neutral diplomatic territory. It is possible that he has done this on purpose and that Indigo hopes that we will claim the body and thus acknowledge the assassins as belonging to our world. If we deny any part of it, our neighbors might see this as an open... declaration of war. Strategy recommends that we go into No Man's Land, retrieve the shooter and question him. I wouldn't be so quick to that. Diplomacy would like to hold off, wait and see what our neighbors do about the shooter. He's still alive down there. We need to get answers. We need payback. We're gonna be asking for reparations. In order to do that, it's better to wait and let the other side claim the body, acknowledge their role in this, and then shove it down their throats. This isn't about reparations. These people just killed 11 of our own... Management would like for Mr. Quayle to make a recommendation. Peter Quayle is a junior deputy director. It is the understanding of Management that he is the only one in your department who saw this coming. Mr. Quayle, please proceed. I suggest we do nothing. Don't touch the body. Let the other side act first. Upstairs requests a full investigation into all of those responsible for this horrific act. They ask that Mr. Dwyer get underway. Understood. First priority. As for the conspirator who remains in the Crossing... It is the position of Management that we do not claim him. Management, with respect, in the 30 years since the Crossing has appeared, there have been spy games, clandestine intelligence gathering, but never have we witnessed a direct attack - on our neighbors' sovereignty. - Emily... I urge you, lay the cards on the table. Claim the body and admit that this is the work of a rogue faction, that we need their help. If we don't, we'll be playing into this faction's hands. It could be the end of diplomacy between our worlds. Management has conferred. The man will remain where he is. The man stays where he is. We cannot acknowledge any part of this. Furthermore, Management has requested that any other infiltrators be hunted down immediately. A specialist will be assigned to work with Deputy Director Quayle in this matter. Mr. Quayle, Management thanks you for your excellent work. On the other side of the door, I can be a different me. As smart and as brave, as funny and as strong as a person could want to be. On the other side of the door, I can be a different me. As smart and as brave... - Would you like to tell me? - What? One time, before I have to ask. Who are you? You know who I am. Nadia, yes. I knew that. But you never told me your last name. I should've seen it all over the fucking news. That's not me. I'm calling the police. - She was a sister. Twin. - Stop it. A sister with the same name? Is that what you expect me to believe? No, don't do... What the hell are you always hiding in here? Who are you? Please, don't make me keep asking like this. I-I'm someone who thought she could be something else. She's the real Nadia, I'm sorry. I'm the one who didn't turn out. Get out. No. Get out of here. - No, please. - Just get out of here. - No, no... - Whatever the fuck you are. Come on, get out! What a pleasant surprise. I need to talk. By all means. Oh. My sweet girl. Oh, my poor, sweet girl. - Oh. Oh! - Hi, Mom. Look at you. That idiot bastard... - Look what he did. - No, it was my fault. We were arguing. You should have seen him when I picked her up. A mess. I swear, if I'd smelled it on him... Have you heard from your father? No. He's been there all night. It's just unthinkable. Maria, from Friedrich's office... She's dead. You think, they just went to work like any other day. You know, your father is worried about you. You should call. I had this flashback to Switzerland. Your accident, your poor little legs. A mother never stops worrying. You wait until your little monkey's all grown up and you'll see. Oh, God. Is there anything we should be talking about? Mom, it's my marriage. Every marriage has problems. Your father, I love him, but he's a stubborn man. I almost left him once. It was a long time ago. People didn't marry for love. You did it because... that's what you did. But I grew to love him. Did you ever feel like you were faking it? All the time. I don't know what to do. I have these fantasies about... running away. Can I give you some advice? When things... seem to be their most difficult and you just want to leave it all, you put on a smile and you cook a nice meal, and you pretend that everything is fine. And eventually... it is. The sons of bitches never touched him. He's dead? How do you think our side's going to respond? - What's going on? - You should see this. They're closing their doors. Thus endeth diplomacy. Yes? I want you to know I'm disappearing. Sorry I couldn't stop any of this from happening. I need you to... make sure that Emily is protected. You know she's Housekeeping. She's the one who gave me all this intel. She probably knows more about what's still gonna happen. So I'm asking you... to please keep her safe. I wonder who's gonna take care of her in the future, now that your other is never coming back. Crossing's been closed. A response to what your people did. I don't think it's gonna be open for some time. - Okay, I'm hanging up now. - No. You're not gonna disappear, now that his life belongs to you. I saw how you put on his clothes, walked in his shoes. You're not gonna give up his life. You want it. Let me prove that to you. I'm here with her right now. I'm pulling my men out of the hospital. Our enemies still want her gone. How long do you think she'll survive alone? Your choice. What is it that finally brings us together? Well, since I've... come to this side... So many things have-have come into focus for me. Until very recently, I was an Interface man. And now that I, that I've seen... everything that I've seen, uh... so much of my life makes sense to me now... So many things that I, that I wondered about. And-and a part of me began to believe that maybe I could belong here. Or-or that something here could belong to me. But the longer I stay here, the more I-I... I find myself... becoming... Him. I know that you control who comes and goes. I need you to help me get back home. I'm your enemy, Howard. I'm the one who tried to kill your wife. Yes, I know. And if you help me get back to her, I will take her far away. I-I can talk to her, and... If she even wakes up... I swear to you, we will never bother you again. This is how you wanted to win me over? This was your plan? Amazing... what the years will do to break the human spirit. When your other was young and found out who his wife really was, he cast away this Interface life and ran to this. My dear boy. I'm perfectly able to give you what you want. But for that to happen, this sad, groveling promise of neutrality... No, no, that just won't do. If you want your life back, I'm going to need more. I've lost your other's loyalty recently. It appears that vile woman has finally turned him against me. Which means I'll need another man across the fence. You want me to work for you? I... She would never forgive me. Yes, but you don't actually know her, do you, Howard? Come over here. There's something I want you to see. W-Would you bring me my glasses from the mantelpiece? Some of my people found this on Emily Burton's person the night of her mishap. Have you ever wondered why your other came to you when he did? "Howard, I trust my last letters have reached you safely." "They're onto me now. You're the only one I can trust." "I need for you to reach out to the other Howard." "He knows nothing about any of this, or me." "I beg of you that he never learn who I really was..." What? What is this? There's more of them somewhere, I'm sure. He carried on the correspondence with your wife for quite some time. Makes you wonder what he'll do over there, now that he has her alone. You sad little man. Don't you realize the fight you're in? It's Darwinian. There's only room for one of you. If you don't become him, he will become you. No. I-I know what you want me to say. But I won't. I am not him. I will not make the kind of mistakes he's made. Yes, I suppose you're right. In which case, you're no good to me, Howard. There's no point in us even having this conversation. After all that's passed, you're so fucking stupid... Howard? It's okay. We don't have much time. It's a trap. They're gonna kill us both. Even if you'd managed to pull this off, they'd never stop chasing you. What do you want? I want you to take this. Should be enough in there to offset what they're paying you. And I want you to walk away. Disappear. Forget about her. She is not your wife. She is his. So this is where you meet. We have a deal? There's nobody in the room. Drop the gun. Drop it. You're a little more sentimental than you think. This one was for me. But... I-I didn't have a choice. Of course you didn't. I just want to go home. I... I didn't... want to come here. I-I... I came because I-I thought I was doing the right thing. And-and then I saw what he had, and I just... I am not him. I know, Howard. But here's the thing. From where I stand... you two are completely alike. Take him to ECHO. Are you sure you want to do that? Tell him... I don't ever want to see this bastard again. Clare? Clare? Clare! I wanted to clean this up. I'm sorry you had to see this. He wanted to... He was going to kill me. You okay? What can I do? Ian? Just came back from Pope's. Quite a mess your ex made over there. If we can call him your ex. - Well, where is he? - Where is he? That's the first question out of your mouth? Ian, you would never have understood. Did you feel something for him? If I did, it was just a... phantom limb. I'll keep your name out of this. This seat taken? Scotch. What the hell happened to you? Aldrich's looking for you. Yeah. Aldrich's not gonna be a problem for either one of us anymore. We need to come to an understanding. Believe me, I would get the hell out of here if I could. But... circumstances, it seems, compel me to stay. I assume this mole hunt will continue... escalate... Yeah. They've put me in charge of it. Really? Yeah. Yeah. All right, listen. We need to call a truce. There's a woman in the hospital. Means a great deal to me. So I give you my word: Nobody finds out about your wife as long as nothing happens to mine. Your wife? You know what I mean. See you at the office, I guess. Hungry? Famished. "You, you only, exist." "We pass away," "till at last our passing is so immense" "that you arise, beautiful moment..." "arising in love..." "Or enchanted in the contraction of work." "To you I belong." "However, time may wear me away." "From you to you..." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 