Counterpart: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Counterpart 
 s2e5 - Shadow Puppets - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Counterpart (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - Shadow Puppets - full transcript 
 A new revelation puts Howard Prime and Quayle in jeopardy. Life at Echo is disrupted. Clare reconnects with her past. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Emily, do you remember anything? Faces, images, names even. Joseph Aldrich is dead. He was Shadow. Isn't Shadow a woman? This is Peter Quayle, husband to Clare Fancher, the operative also known as Shadow. Lambert said you'd be easy to spot. But I thought you'd know an old friend when you saw him. Ian, right? Good memory. I usually catch amnesia when it comes to names. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Well, I'll take that as a compliment, Nomi. Who are you? I speak for Management. Do you recognize that woman? You want me to find her? There's someone else at Echo? Someone you want to find? We have a common problem by the name of Claude Lambert. Why don't we start figuring out what the fuck -we're gonna do about that? -Yes? There's someone I think you should meet. We've got a breakthrough, courtesy of a new source. You look like you've just seen a ghost. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I don't know why you keep asking. Oh, why? Why not? Because it's a trick question. No, I am genuinely curious. No, I'm going to say, and then you're going to make a fuss and go, "Oh, but am I not enough for you?" And then you're gonna throw me out... N-No tricks, love. Out with it. Erykah Badu. Really? Mm-hmm. Oh, that voice. And those eyes, and her hair and... Yeah-- uh, okay, okay, I got it. What are you thinking about? How much I love you. Considering how little I know you. I'm your husband. You know everything about me. This is the distance between who you are in this home and what you do when you leave. If we're going to work, what I need is this. Honestly, I expected more loyalty. From you of all people. In light of everything that Management has done for you over the years. What do you want from me? Have you enjoyed your adopted life on this side? She's pretty. She's nobody. -I just met her. I don't know her. -Stop it, Ian. Or should I say Wesley Pierce? Ten years since you came to this world. Lost, broken, running for your life. And the deal that Management made with you was very clear. Set you up in a new identity, and all that they asked for was loyalty. And absolutely no contact with anyone from your previous life. You've lost her before, and I would hate for you to lose her again. What do you want? Emily Burton has fallen off the grid, and Management is concerned that she's stopping forthright with her investigation. They would like someone to rein her in. I don't know where Emily is. Bring us Emily Burton. Management gave you this life in our world, and they could easily take it away. I should've been caught by now. Someone should have figured me out. But I'm lucky. I've been lucky my entire life. But I don't want to count on it anymore. I have to take matters into my own hands. -Mr. Quayle? -So this is my insurance. Sorry. Coffee? Um, yeah. Just, uh, just leave it on the... Your father-in-law called to cancel lunch. He's got business off-site. All right. And there's a 4:00 p.m. with Oversight about the machines in shipping. Fine. Anything else I can help you with? Do you know where my cigarettes are? Could you give us a moment, please? All this cloak and dagger. Well, we're, uh, trying to keep you alive. You were the quiet one at the table last month. Negotiating for the contractor who shot at those police officers. Peter Quayle. So did you and your wife kill him? I'm sorry, what? My other. The man I've been switching with for years. I assume by the look on your face, you thought I'd been dealt with. I have no idea what you're referring to. Yesterday, I saw my other off to meet with your missus, and I haven't heard from the poor bastard since. You must've thought he'd take your little family secret to the grave. You know that most people, they meet their other, and they, they find it disturbing. Upends everything they-they've thought about themselves before they ask, "Am I better, am I worse," blah, blah, but... We never had that problem. No jealousy, no existential crisis. Just, double the fun. Double the information. And we shared all of it. Except his soft spot for your wife, that is. He did most of the handling when it came to her. You know, honestly, I have no idea what he saw in that woman. Yet here you are, betraying your world for her, so she must be doing something right. It's very romantic, I have to say. Blind fool in the face of love. But I don't think your coworkers will share my sentimentality were I to tell them what you've done. What do you want? A writing implement. Oh, for God's sakes, what do you think I'm going to do, puncture my own jugular? I'm not a savage. That was always the miscalculation with you sorts. Everyone thinks we're some proponents of a cause. Our needs were actually a lot less complex. Which is good news for you, since if you want my silence, all you have to do is find the right sum. There you go. -Hi. -Hello. Sorry, I just got out of a meeting, I didn't realize we'd already started. Oh, no, we were just having a discussion of my payment. -What are we buying? -A list. Of all Indigo agents operating under my purview. That would, of course, include the identity of the agent your people know as Shadow. And what would be your price? A writing implement. Oh, for God's sakes, what do you think I'm going to do, puncture my own jugular? I'm not a bloody savage. Here we are. If you want my help, all you have to do is meet my quote. That's for you. And that's for you. What's the one for? I'm superstitious. Well, this is quite a sum. I'm not even sure if we have money like that. I'll wait. My loyalties have always gone to the highest bidder. No one else comes in. Oh, he's bluffing. I'm not so sure. Yeah, he's just trying to buy some time. Or he's getting a kick out of just messing with our heads. Shadow's dead, we know it was Aldrich. Do we? I've been speaking recently to Emily Silk. -Really? -Mm-hmm. Her memory's been coming back lately, and I'd say it's proven pretty useful. Which makes me believe her when she says that Shadow was a woman. Could she even write her own name? -I'll put in a request to Treasury. -But a sum that large? That's gonna take Treasury days to process. -We'll have to expedite. -But we don't know which departments have been compromised. We don't want to make any noise about the fact that Lambert is here in this building. Like you said. Why are you trying to stall this? Because I acted too fast with Edgar Brandt, and now he's dead. Okay, what do you suggest? Well... Confiscated Items. This here, this is where we store contraband seized at the Crossing. And over the years, we've accumulated a reserve of precious stones. And if we do it this way, we find out what Lambert knows off-book, and we keep other departments out of it. Get the currency, make the payment. And Peter, let's stay where we can see each other today. We shouldn't consider anyone above suspicion. -Agree? -100%. It's not far from here. These people are with us? Hired. Who is it we're breaking out? Someone important? It's just, this wasn't exactly the plan. Ian Shaw, leave a message. Ian, don't know where you've been. Something's about to happen. I need you out here right now. Call me when you can. A knock on by Rogers, and Linus gives it. A penalty for Wakefield at the 22, right in the deck. Now Anthony has a chance to put Wakefield ahead and... Oh, f... ...the final play of the match. Linus. You're a fucking penalty in the first place. Peter, have you been watching this same game every day? Yeah. '95 Courage League Division Two playoff finals. Saracens vs. Wakefield. Yeah. You know I was there? Yeah, my dad brought me. Not my little brother, not Toby, little shite. Just me. Wasn't even my birthday. It has been an exemplary performance -from the Saracens today. -Um, this tape is the same '95 finals? Same game, other world. Yanek got it for me. Your world. This is your world. The-- Yeah, and Saracens won it by 21 points. Unbelievable. Okay... All right, both games identical in the first half. Absolutely fucking the same. Halftime, 17 all, it's a draw. Now, there. So, at-at 60 minutes and 29 seconds, Mailler trips on my side. But by 33 seconds, he's made up that ground and passes it to Varitek who receives the ball at exactly the same fucking position as the other side. But he doesn't score on my side. So it's the same, but it's different. You see-- And you know what I've started thinking recently? This is-- Maybe it was me. Maybe I'm the difference. Because, for example, the kickoff for the second half, there's a strange hush descends in the sta... In the, in the, in the, in the stadium and-and, and-- But you can hear a noise from the crowd on my side. But not on the other side. Maybe I made that noise. You know? Maybe I distracted him. Because the traje-- the trajectory of the two kicks, the trajectory -is not the same, the... -Peter. Why is this so important to you? I mean, I had to go. I had to go, I had to go. And-- but my-- but the game was really close. And my dad didn't want to miss anything, so he sent me to the loo on my own. And, uh, I got lost coming, coming back, trying to find the seat, um, 'cause there's like, -10,000 seats in that stadium. -Yeah. So, you know, I... I had a fit, actually. And, uh, I couldn't breathe. And they had to call an ambulance. And they made a announcement on-on the loudspeakers, so, for my dad-- and could, um-- And so, everybody knew. And we lost. Um, but my other, he didn't. He-he, he didn't have a fit, apparently. Says Yanek, and, 'cause, I mean, Dad probably brought him to the loo on his own. I mean, together, they... And anyway, they had a... They had a great day. And, yeah. Maybe that's why he became an important man. Have you ever thought that maybe you're the better man? I don't think the better man ends up in a place like this, Howard. You wanted to see me, Mr. Quayle? Yes, Howard, thank you. Come in, please. No, no, it's-- No, leave, l-leave that open. I'm, uh-- this won't take a second. Now, I-I need you to go down to Confiscated Items and, um, retrieve this amount in rare stones. Now, this is a highly sensitive issue, Howard. So, please be discreet. I've approved an access code for you to enter the area. Q-Questions? No. Thank you for entrusting me to handle this. Wonderful. Are you okay? Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine. Isn't she precious? Thank you. What's her name? Spencer. Spencer? What a unique name. It's lovely. I know another Spencer. Come on, honey. I didn't think I'd see you again. I'm sorry we had to reach out like that. What's wrong? Lambert didn't show up for the meet last night. We found his crash pad swept clean. Well, he's been known to disappear from time to time. He's been caught by the Office. Our asset inside says he's already named his price. How is this possible? They must have grabbed him overnight. Lambert knows everything about me. He knows about all of us. If this goes bad, you might have to disappear. Spencer, we're years in... Torch everyone who knows about you. Your father, your husband. What? No, we can't just... You know how this works. Anybody who can identify when you crossed over has to go. Peter's still valuable. In a few days, it won't matter anyway. Hold on to this. We're going to try to stop him, but if Lambert talks before we can get to him, be ready. You're entering a restricted area. Howard? How long has it been? I-I haven't seen you since the big promotion. Congrats, by the way. I heard they got you in Strategy. Uh, yep. Well, Accounting. Well, you deserve it. You certainly put in your time at Interface. Yeah, I'm sorry, the-- Upstairs is in a big hurry for this. Yeah, they already called down. Oh, shit, that'll pay for somebody's retirement. Come on. Frannie was dead set on never getting married. Kept calling it an antiquated institution. Well, guess what? She's getting married. Next week. No kidding. Only known the guy six months. Total one-eighty. Never would have met him if her car didn't break down, too. Hmm. Frannie usually... drives to work, but she blows a flat. And, oh, of course she doesn't have a spare, no matter how many times I've told her, so she's got to take the U-Bahn instead. Before we lose all leverage, there are a few specific questions I want to ask our friend downstairs. You-you, you want to go now? -Yes, Peter. -Do you mind-- You mind if I just finish this? Won't be a minute. It's okay, no one important ever calls me here. You've reached Brody in Confiscated Items. So, there she is, standing on the platform, waiting for the next train, and that is when she meets this Austrian, Felix. A month later, they're engaged. That's very romantic. -Thanks for this. -Whoa, whoa. Hold on one second, just need you to sign for a few things. Okay. My boss is really -in a hurry. -Oh, it'll only take a minute. -Here's the best part. -You got a pen? She says to me... "Dad, if I listened to you about the spare..." Come on. "...I never would have met the love of..." I just, I don't have time for this. I'm sorry, my boss is really on my ass. I got to get upstairs. Line 34. Thank you. And, uh, congrats to Frannie. Oh, my God. What's going on? Lock the doors. Uh, please stay where you are. -What's happening? -I don't know. The guards told us to wait. Hi, everyone. I'm sorry to do this to you, but no one is going home today. A few minutes ago, we discovered that a prisoner was murdered while in our custody. As far as we know, the assailant is still inside the building. For that reason, we'll be under lockdown until a full investigation is conducted. Please remain at your work stations and cooperate with the security teams as they conduct their searches. Each of us will be allowed one phone call home to let our loved ones know we'll be working late. An approved script will be provided. Article 342. Pictures of modern technology are not permitted on Office premises. It's just a picture. What does that have to do with anything? This should have never been brought in here to begin with. You know what? I'll supervise this one, Leon. - Mr. Quayle, I'm supposed to... - I know. But on whose orders? Mine. And I'm changing them, so you can... Thank you. -Thank you. -It wasn't me. What do you mean it wasn't you? -Somebody else got to him first. -Another sleeper? Who else knew he was down there? Well, maybe this is all right. I mean, they've done our work for us. Lambert's gone. Think about it, Peter. Indigo needs somebody to take the fall for this. -Maybe an asset whose purpose has just run its course. -What? No, Clare wouldn't do that to me, she's... Well, are you sure she's calling the shots now? All right, this has taken enough time. I got to go. It was Emily, by the way. What? Temple's source. The one who led her to Lambert's other. She's gonna get us both killed, you know that. If, of course, we make it out of today. Hi, this is Peter. Leave a message after the beep. Hi, Peter, it's me. I've been trying you at work, but the line's keep going busy. I need you to call me about something. Urgent. Hi. What's this? I thought it best we don't exclude leadership from these searches. Would be bad for morale. Of course. Could you please enter your combination, Mr. Quayle? Fine. Sure. Thank you, Mr. Quayle. Sweep's complete. Sorry to interrupt. Someone has reported a missing item. What was taken? A pistol. Sig Sauer P320, taken from Confiscated Items. I think I know who it was. Howard ist hier. Please, have a seat. Wherever makes you most comfortable. I'm not getting through to you. It's like you are determined to defy me at every turn. I must confess, I am at a loss. You live here? I live among my subjects, yes. Y-You mean you're a prisoner. Management and I have a particular arrangement. They allow me domain over Echo as penance for past sins. And in return, I make my case for the truth. -The truth? -Mm. That our worlds are at war, and that we must prepare for it. I thought a man who had met his other, surely he would understand, but no. No, I won't spy on my wife. That's not who I am. Here's the thing, Howard. I don't give a damn whether you spy on her, or what secrets Management thinks she has. I live underground. None of their games mean anything to me. I just want to know why you won't recognize what is happening to you. I have met my other, yes, and-and I found him to be a real asshole. Mm-hmm. But that doesn't mean I am. You are two souls born from the same body. There's only room for one of you. And w-why exactly are you the great authority on this? Because I, too, have met my other. May I tell you a secret? Something just for you. I was there, in the beginning. I am the reason our two worlds exist. What now? Wait. Please. Is there a problem? It must've been hard for you, having your world turned upside down, wasn't it? I-I'm sorry, -what? I don't... -You learned about the Crossing, got pulled into this game, for which you have no training, and I'm afraid, not much aptitude. Forgive me for being so blunt, but you've never exactly fit the profile of a Strategy man. There's been some information that's come to light today. I'll be honest, Mr. Silk, I've had my questions about your rapid ascent. I know we spoke about Mr. Quayle promoting you because of your wife. Yes. But I don't think I'm getting the full story. Is your life in danger right now? -Excuse me? -It's just us in here. Has Peter Quayle threatened you or your wife as a means of forcing you to comply with his wishes in any way? I-I really don't know what you're talking about. A gun was reported missing from Confiscated Items shortly after Quayle sent you down there to retrieve the payout. Five people were shot dead across the hall. I wouldn't exactly call it a perfect crime, though I'm not sure how a former Interface man could carry out such an execution on command. You-you think I did that? I suspect that Peter Quayle framed Aldrich as Shadow to protect himself. I think Claude Lambert knew who he was, and when threatened, I think Peter Quayle enlisted you to silence him because he needed a patsy. Where have you stashed the gun? No-no, I-I-I didn't shoot anyone. I know you may think you don't have a way out. You do, if you come clean, but I need to know everything that Peter Quayle has made you do. Hey, Steve, check it out. If you close your eyes when you're eating it, it tastes like mashed potato. Are you doing it? Steve. Fuck, now it's like beans. These were my friends, once. We were family. We had come of age behind the Wall, only to discover the existence of two worlds. It was a new beginning. No political barriers. Pure human science. We had two worlds to extract knowledge from, and double the brilliant minds to apply it. I liked my other. Thought we were above the base impulses that drove everyone else... but we weren't. No one is immune to it. I don't believe that. Nature doesn't give a damn what you believe. Faced with survival, we all give in to our darkest self. Don't you see what I'm trying to show you? No one escapes this. What's this about, Mr. Silk? We're not being monitored. Temple's idea. She thought we'd be more likely to discuss our options. -Options? -Yeah. Or complete lack thereof. She knows about Aldrich, she knows that was bullshit. She knows you're protecting Shadow and she thinks that I made that hit on Lambert on your behalf. Yeah, yeah, but you didn't. No shit, but she also knows about the gun. You told her about Clare? No, she doesn't seem to know about your wife. She knows. She knows. She has the tape. W-What? I made a tape. A confession about Clare, me, and the whole... It was a, it was a safeguard in case Indigo ever tried... Jesus fucking Christ. It was in my office, somebody stole it, and it's missing. I'm such a fucking idiot. No. You wanted to be caught. A man does something like this, he's asking for it. That's why you made that fucking tape. You knew you couldn't face the music, so you let it find you. All right. Okay, so what-what-what do I do? I don't know. I can't keep covering for your weakness anymore. There's no fucking containing it. You want to find a way out of this, you're gonna have to handle it yourself. Howard, please, Howard. I have pr-- I mean, there must-- there-there's some-- there must be something. Please. Yeah. I left the gun in the men's room on this floor. Second stall, behind the water tank. I think it's time you bring this to an end. Where's...? What the fuck? Where... Where's my tape? Who's moved my tapes? Who's taken my... Karl? Karl, was that you? Karl, seriously. Karl, where did you p... Karl, where did you put it? -Get out of my face. -Karl, do you think this is funny? This is not fucking funny. Karl, Karl! What the fuck? Where have you put it?! I'm a very important fucking person, Karl, you can't just go around stealing important people's stuff! For this fucking reason, Karl, this is why I'm stuck in my head! No, you're stuck in your head because you're a twat. Fuck you, Karl! Hey! What the fuck? Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight! What's happening? Leave. Halt! This is my home. You're alone, aren't you? I've been trying to call Peter all day. The Office lines are closed. Lambert has been taken care of. Our asset's been handling things. I thought the point of you giving me the phone was so that you'd call it. Are you still obsessed with these? I remember you eating, like, I don't know, 20 of them in one sitting. Yeah, you couldn't eat them because of your braces. She used to get so mad when I snuck them in. Said my other didn't have a sweet tooth. Wrong, it turns out. Mira just didn't tolerate dependency... on any level. When you disappeared, I... wasn't sure if you'd been placed. -I thought maybe she'd... -Gotten rid of me? She didn't like that we were close, but no. They kept me in a home over here until they knew where to insert me. Happened when I was 18. Do you trust Mira? I believe in the cause. That's not what I asked. Do you know how many years I've wanted to reach out to you? You knew I was here? Since you first crossed over. You were marrying a deputy director of Strategy. What was I supposed to do? Knock on the door? I can't imagine what it was like having a child in this world. She's cute. Thank you. Her name. So, that's why you're here. I've missed you. I know we're not supposed to, but... -I should go. -Spencer. I shouldn't have come in person. If they even knew we were here right now... I'm so fucking sick of doing what they tell us to do. Hi, it's Clare. Leave a message. Hi, Clare. Could you tell Spencer that I love her? Stick to the script, please. "The main server crashed, "and we have to stay at the office "until the computers come back online "so security can log us out. I'm not sure how long it will take." Clare, I love you. Halt! Stand back! Do it, just fucking do it. Fuck. Now. Do it. One, two, three. Fucking do it. Fucking do it. Fucking do it! - No! - Mr. Quayle. -What?! -You don't need to do this. Just put the gun down. Put... Milla. I destroyed that tape you made, but more needs to be done. Wait, wait, but you're-you're with them. They only told me this morning. It wasn't the plan. I always thought I'd get to see it all unfold after we won. What are you doing? They told me you're important. Listen. Listen to me. We were having an affair. Five years, okay? -Wait, no... -Lambert told you I was Shadow. You took a gun to confront me -but couldn't stop me in time. -Shadow. -Shadow, no, Shadow's... -I wanted so badly to see the dream become real. - Follow me. - Wait! No, fuck! Mr. Quayle. Put the gun down. Peter, it's over. You have nowhere to go. She was Shadow. Where the hell have you been? -Where are you now? -I think this is Echo. There's shooting. -Em, slow down. -Something's happened. -No time. -Em, Em... Fuck! Peter! Stop. No! No, please. Mira! Howard. Emily. How are-are you here? We have to get out of here. Oh, fuck. What do we do now? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 