The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills 
 s1e2 - Chocolate Louboutins - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Chocolate Louboutins - full transcript 
 It's Easter weekend in Beverly Hills but that doesn't mean that there is any less drama. Adrienne is on her way to Vegas for a shoot with a hot male model but she reluctantly decides to ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 KYLE: Previously on "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills." Your eyes still look good. What else is good? LISA: Cedric has lived with us for a year, nine months, three weeks, two days, and 14 hours. That's it. That's the only thing that's good. Is that it? I grew up being very independent. Of course, with all brothers, I had to be. I'm really upset that my husband is leaving 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to go to New York for a year. This is going to be hard. OK, bye-bye! I've been looking for a bigger home for months, but right now, I'm really under the gun. I don't want you just to settle. This is your home, but, seriously, I cannot keep looking like this. I'm trying to help you find a life outside your kids. I feel like Kyle oversteps her boundaries sometimes. Why don't you just do it on your own? I've been doing it on my own for a long time. [THEME MUSIC] TAYLOR: It may look like I have it all, but I want more. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 LISA: In Beverly Hills, it's who you know, and I know everyone. ADRIENNE: Money is what I have, not who I am. KIM: I was a child star, but now my most important role is being a mother. KYLE: In a town full of phonies, I'm not afraid to be me. CAMILLE: It's time for me to come out of my husband's shadow and shine. [MUSIC PLAYING] KYLE: Are you already packed, Alexia? ALEXIA: Yeah. Hey, it's me. Um, just sitting here packing. You're coming, right? It is Easter, and it's a very important holiday for my family. We go to Palm Springs every Easter. We have a home there. OK, and just so you know, I invited Ken, and Lisa, and their daughter, Pandora, and her boyfriend, Jason, just so you know. They're going to stay at a hotel down the street, but we'll still be together. We argue. We make up. That's how sisters are. When we were little, you know, we would get in fights and, like, rip each other's hair out, and then we'd be, like, cuddling and laying in bed together. So maybe it's not that normal, but it's normal for Kim and me. Love you, bye. She's coming? Yes, she's coming. It's Easter. You guys made up? Look, it wasn't like it was a big deal. I mean, you know, whatever. We're fine. MAURICIO: Right. It's Easter, and, you know? MAURICIO: You got to do what you got to do. Do what you got to do. We'll go, and we'll have fun. Right? Right, girls? Right. MAURICIO: How many pairs of shoes are you taking to Palm Desert? KYLE: Why do you always ask me that? Don't look. What do you care? [LAUGHS] KYLE: What do you care? There's nine pairs. [LAUGHS] By the way, nine pairs. [LAUGHS] Oh my god. [MUSIC PLAYING] Hold on. Oh, oh. What? You hit the side of my door-- Don't worry, Paul. --side of my door with your purse. Don't worry. My marriage is a little different. They have this turkey chilli. It's incredible. I don't like turkey. Paul and I bicker, but when we bicker, it's more in a fun-loving-- no, I don't want to say that. It's not. Is there any way to get just a little small, small thing of that turkey chilli, which is incredible here. I don't eat turkey. Remember, I just said that. Well, let me just taste it. - I don't want any. - Wait a minute. You don't like turkey? No. Could I have a chopped salad-- WAITRESS: OK. --with the turkey? OK. And a little bit of the-- just a little bit of the kosher salami too. Can I have a little mix? - Half and half? - Yeah. OK. I mean, well, just mostly turkey-- WAITRESS: Oh, you meant-- OK. Mostly turkey. Just add some salami on it. And, um, how about some, um-- --you don't have low-fat cheese, do you? Oh, come on. No, we don't. Paul, come on. [LAUGHS] Just order. I have to do a photo shoot for the-- it's actually a really cool magazine. You've heard of "Curve," right? An Australian magazine called "Curve" wanted me to do a photo shoot, and they wanted to showcase our Palms Hotel. A little bit of lingerie, La Perla, a little bit-- PAUL: Hold on. You're going to do lingerie? Tasteful, Paul. Tasteful. Is it an all-day photo shoot? Mm-hmm. I'm going to go that night, the night before, and do the shoot in the morning. I have an idea. Since we've had children, we have not been out one night alone. I have to go to Vegas anyway. I'm trying to see about setting up a practise once I have my licence out there. Why don't we go together, so I can be with you on the airplane? We'll have dinner. We'll relax that night, spend one night alone, get, like, group massages in the room, and a nice dinner, relax, watch a movie. And then the next day, you do your photo shoot, and I'll go care of my business. He always wants to come with me, and I don't know why. He always says it's business, but I think he, for some reason, likes to tag along. Come on. Let's bring the kids though. Come on. PAUL: No, come on. It's one night. I know. We'll do it another time. No, no, one night alone. ADRIENNE: I promise you I'll do-- No. ADRIENNE: --another time. - No. - I want the kids to come. PAUL: Adrienne, that's what you always say. - Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. - We're going to be together. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're going to be together. Don't leave me hanging. Can I take this ring, and I ought to-- I ought to murder you. [INAUDIBLE] Can we have a cup to-go, please, of turkey chilli? ADRIENNE: I don't want any. [MUSIC PLAYING] Hasty, hi, how are you? I'm good. How are you? - Good. Great to see you. I'm fine. I needed a gift for a friend, so I went to my favourite chocolatier. Everyone loves chocolate, and I wanted to give them the quintessential. HASTY: I hope you like it. Pink, of course. LISA: Oh, of course. Oh, they're so cute. I met Christian Louboutin last night, and he actually wants a picture of these. That's so beautiful. Red soles? Perfect. They're gorgeous. HASTY: Well, I'm happy you like it. Have many people seen them? No, they're just for you. Oh, they're absolutely lovely. Now, Hasty I'm going to, like, an Easter brunch, and I need something. There's a lot of children, and I can't take 20 baskets or something, so I need something, like, amazing. Kyle and Kim invited me to the desert. It just seemed like fun. I didn't want to just show up like with a little egg in a box. How about a giant Easter bunny? Yeah. HASTY: Like-- Yeah, but-- HASTY: --three feet tall. Could you do it? HASTY: Oh, absolutely. Anything for you. Oh, I love you. So this is custom, custom, custom, as usual. OK, OK. I can draw you something. Really long tall ears, and it can be, like, maybe having a backpack on it. OK, can you do it, like, with candy flowers and roses, and make it look really-- because, you know, some of the kids are younger. Yeah, I want it gorgeous. Exquisite looking. Absolutely. LISA: Well, a bit better than that. HASTY: Flowers. [LAUGHTER] LISA: If it looks like that, I'm scared. [LAUGHTER] I'll bring in, like, an icebox or something. HASTY: OK. Let me have a look at the shoes one more time. HASTY: [LAUGHS] - Can I take them with me now? - Oh, sure. Sure. - OK, that would be great. HASTY: I'll wrap them up. - I love them. Thank you so much. Don't drop them. You're making me nervous. [LAUGHTER] [MUSIC PLAYING] All right, let's go, guys. Right now. BROOKE: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Do you have your keys? KIM: Yes, ma'am. I do. Kim still has not found a house, and I've asked her to please, let's take the weekend off. It's Easter, and we're going to take a break now. We'll get back to house hunting next week. Chad, let's go, honey. Do you have your bag? KIM: OK. KIMBERLY: Are we ready? KIM: Yeah, I think so. KIMBERLY: OK, you're up front. KIM: We go to Palm Springs every Easter. We've been doing it since we were little girls, and now we take our children. Having Ken and Lisa this Easter is a little different. Nothing personal against Lisa. It's family time. And we're off. CHAD: Oh, god. I don't think I packed everything. KIM: We always forget something. Driving to the desert with my kids is just fun. What are you doing? BROOKE: Stop being [BLEEP] rude. Oh. [GROWLS] We talk a lot. We play games. I brought cards. Ugh. It's our time. Oh my gosh. Remember when you guys were little and you'd see a train, and you'd get so excited. BROOKE: No. We are a train. KIMBERLY: And we are your ducks. No, we are each a caboose. And then-- You always come up with these weird analogies. I do. They don't make any sense. And when one of our cabooses has a problem, all the other engineers from the other cabooses come to the other-- I thought we were the caboose. No, we're each a caboose in the train. Literally, you're trying to make-- like, talk about nothing. Like, that's you, Kimberly. There's-- There's Whitney. CHAD: Where? OK, you obviously don't get it. I'm so blessed to have my kids. Do you want to be my friend, Whitney? What? Want to be my friend, Chad? CHAD: Yeah, I'd like to be your friend. WHITNEY: I'd rather just be your daughter. I'd like to be both. And now the only thing that really matters to me is that my kids can communicate with me. [FLATULENCE] KIMBERLY: Ew! Oh my god. What? KIMBERLY: You have to be kidding me right now. CHAD: What? WHITNEY: Chad. Ugh! CHAD: What? So ew. CHAD: What? KIMBERLY: You have to warn us so we can roll down the windows. Are you, like, proud of it? Coming up. CAMILLE: I'm an individual, and I'm not just in the shadow of Kelsey Grammer. Bye, sweetie. KELSEY: Well done today. OK, thank you. I am my own person. [MUSIC PLAYING] KYLE: Hi, guys. Hi. How are you? [INTERPOSING VOICES] KYLE: Every year, we celebrate Easter in Palm Desert. The house was my mum's vacation house, and now it's a family house. I've been scrubbing all morning-- the floors. I cannot get these windows cleaned no matter what I do. I'm not going to say you guys didn't do a good job, but, you know. Brooke and Whitney had been there the weekend before. They usually straighten up after themselves, but this time, it wasn't exactly perfect. And I have Ken and Lisa coming, so I was a little frustrated. She was here until Monday. I left. - No, no, no. I was the last one. WHITNEY: If anyone-- KIM: No, I know. WHITNEY: I Lysoled. I vacuumed. I know that. I know. Believe me, I knew you were going to be offended. It's not that, but it's just they're white floors. I don't think Kyle was on her hands and knees scrubbing with a sponge. Whitney was definitely upset. She felt attacked, I think. I know you guys are responsible. KIM: I just think we parent different. What's up? Hey, Kim. You look cute. Thanks. So do you, handsome. How you doing? Hey. What's up, love? How was your drive? Excellent. OK, so you will barbecue tonight? Yeah. KYLE: Kim and I will go to the market. MAURICIO: I mean, it's 3 o'clock already. We got to get a move on. No, they're not going to come here until probably 5:30, 6:00, I think. I know. You haven't even gone to the market. You have to prepare. - I know. I know. Don't get me-- [INAUDIBLE]. - Don't make me nervous. - [INAUDIBLE]. KYLE: I already know. I know. KIM: I think that for Kyle to decide to make dinner for Ken and Lisa on the day that we drove down, it just seemed like a lot of-- kind of a lot. Kim, do want to make your potatoes that you make that you chop up like that, you know? KIM: Yeah. OK, we can do that, the chicken-- Famous potatoes. - OK. - OK. Let's go. [MUSIC PLAYING] I love this market. KIM: I do too. It's, like, a glamorous market. [LAUGHTER] Hey, don't squish my bag. Hey, well, I don't want to hold it. Well, that's too big and-- OK. Kim and I seem to see things differently no matter what we do. Uh-oh. Where's our list? Oh, OK. [INAUDIBLE] you do really need a list? Yes. It's cheese, crackers-- No, I need a list. --chicken, barbecue-- Can you look at that? No. Oh, you can't see it. Blind as a bat. Cheese. KIM: My kids don't like all this kind of cheese. Well, you're kids will eat it. And, OK, hold on. I thought we were going to do barbecue sauce. I don't-- who said teriyaki? I hate barbecue sauce. Ew, those are not Mexican enough. What about salsa? We should have done a fresh one. Here it is. No, I just buy. This is the real deal. KIM: I like the fake deal. KYLE: I know because you-- I like the Americanized salsa. --think Taco Bell is Mexican food. OK, hold on. Even the way you say it doesn't sound real. It's salsa. You act like you're Mexican. You're not either. I am bi-- It's salsa. Salsa. It's salsa. So how many bottles do you need? We need to marinate it, and then I need to pour it all over my chicken. I knew you were going to make fun of my cheese balls. Hey, wait. I just thought of something. Let me see what you got. Oh, that disgusting [INAUDIBLE]? That looks like something you put on your front lawn to keep the animals away. KYLE: You should use real butter. OK, I don't need you to tell me how to make my potatoes. Then don't eat them. You asked me to make them. I know, but you should use real butter. KIM: We're just different cooks, and we have different broths. I hope I have enough butter. Kim, we have a lot of butter. [MUSIC PLAYING] CAMILLE: Hey, Nicole? NICOLE: Yeah. Kevin just got here. So I'm going to run down to Kelsey's office, and we're going to take this meeting. OK. CAMILLE: But I need you to do me a favour. If you can reach the theatre and get Kelsey on the line during intermission, so we can do a little notes session. I know he's got only, like, 10, 15 minutes, but if he can get on the line, that would be really great to do a conference call with him. - Got it. I'll call. Try to work that out and let me know what happens with it. NICOLE: All right. CAMILLE: I'm just a little bit busier than some of the other housewives. I don't just run and go shoe shopping. I produce for my husband's company called Gramnet Productions Incorporated, and we're always in development. We're always looking for new scripts and reading for-- not for just for TV and for film. I'm kind of, like, an-- I'm, like, the idea person. Like, I'll come up, and I'm, like, the creative one. So I'll come up with an idea. And Kelsey and I will basically write a treatment, and we'll try to pitch it to people. We'll pitch it to writers. And if we find a writer that wants to jump on, that's great. And then we pitch it to a network. So nice out today. KEVIN: Hey. Hey. How you doing? Hey, Kevin, thanks for coming up. Absolutely. Just out here working on my skin cancer. [LAUGHS] Perfect. So how did it go at Nick? KEVIN: You know, good news, bad news kind of a situation. You know, when you're married to one of the best actors in Hollywood-- thank you-- and, you know, you just learn so much from being a part of it. Well, I like the good news part. I'm not so sure about the bad news part. [LAUGHTER] Well, look, they started off the meeting with-- I'm going to be painfully honest with you. OK. Just never a good start to a meeting. No. Recently, I came up with this idea. It's based on my daughter's relationship with her nanny for a show for Nickelodeon, and we're in development right now. KEVIN: They love the writing. Mm-hmm. KEVIN: Love the jokes. They love the characters. They think the tone is too adult. OK. KEVIN: Yeah, that they want-- you know, their target demographic is 9 to 12-year-olds. Mm-hmm. KEVIN: And as we got into it, eventually, Tracy said, you know what? Maybe this would be better for Nick at Nite, which is their 18 to 49-year-old demographic. Well, you know. That's not that bad. I mean, I wouldn't take that as a-- I take that as a compliment for your writing. KEVIN: Well, yeah, exactly. I mean, it's a testament to your writing that it's-- It's the nicest back-handed compliment I ever got. You're writing it too real. CAMILLE: [LAUGHS] You're writing too real. Its too good. It's too good for us. I think I'm pretty good at giving notes. When they were looking for the lead for "Medium," and I said there's this actress, Patricia Arquette. And I said, oh, Kelsey, she's brilliant, so I help my husband make those kind of decisions. So talk about this with Kelsey. Yeah. I got a call Nick on Friday to tell them what we're planning on doing. CAMILLE: I'm an individual, and I'm not just in the shadow of Kelsey Grammer. I am my own person. So, you know, I'm going to give Kelsey all this information and I can't-- Great. I'll start working on the new outline, and we'll get going on that. And let's keep pushing forward. Fantastic. Yeah, I'm excited. All right, terrific. Fantastic. Perfect, Kevin. Thanks for coming out here. I know this is a bit of a drive for you. Oh, yeah, you know-- - Yeah, yeah. - --it gets me out of the house. [INAUDIBLE] - OK. [LAUGHS] It's such a horrible place to come to, you know, Malibu. - Yeah. [LAUGHS] Poor me. All right, say hi to Kelsey for me. OK, I will. I will. Take care. I'll see you soon. Hello? KELSEY: Hello. Is Kevin there? No, he just left. You just missed him by, like, five minutes. It's like too bad. Just missed him. KELSEY: Oh, OK. Tracy's thinking maybe more Nick at Nite. KELSEY: Oh, OK. Well, I mean, that sounds interesting. I mean, fine. So I have to go do my show now. Oh, god. How did it go? How did the first half go? KELSEY: [INAUDIBLE]. CAMILLE: I can't wait to see the show. I love you, and I miss you. I can't wait to see it. OK. KELSEY: Yeah, same here, honey. OK, bye, sweetie. KELSEY: OK, well done today. OK, thank you. KELSEY: All right, I'll talk to you later, babe. Talk to you later. Bye-bye. [MUSIC PLAYING] TAYLOR: Hold on. Dolce and Gabana catastrophe. Honey, you're dropping couture. RUSSELL: OK, please be gentle. Keeping up with the lifestyle in Beverly Hills requires an extraordinary amount of money, but I think the conveniences of being able to have people do things for you is really what money means to me. JULIE: Leave the wallet. TAYLOR: I have a stylist, Julie, who comes to the house, and that's one of the perks of being married to someone like Russell. Let me show you what I brought you to show off your leggies. - Yeah. - This is Donna Karan. I am loving the idea of putting this tank with these shorts. JULIE: Me too. I think that's perfect. This, we can just wear casual. Isn't that cute? Yeah, that's cute. JULIE: Stella McCartney. Ah, good for her. Is this going to cover up my boom boom? JULIE: Let me see. TAYLOR: You know, my little girl doesn't like my boom boom showing. JULIE: Right, you don't want your cheeks showing. TAYLOR: Money buys convenience. I don't really hesitate when I need to buy shoes. You know, I don't really have to think twice. This is amazing. That would-- I don't think it'd be too much because this is the back. So when you take the jacket off, really, you'd see all the detail, but-- TAYLOR: And I like how the size of the rhinestones are comparable. Like, you know, they kind of blend. This Chanel is so you. Oh, I love this. JULIE: Isn't that to die? And I'd throw it off with, like, a beautiful white handbag. You know, the Chanel handbag that you got last year or last summer? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh my. OK, put that in the-- Not really. --crazy Julie pile. [LAUGHS] Do you want me to burn it? I can throw it out the window. I love it. [LAUGHS] No. - But seriously, like-- - I love it, I just-- - --bye. - --I'm not that brave. You don't like it. I don't want you to even try it on. Forget it. TAYLOR: Living in Beverly Hills, it's extremely expensive and so someone has to pay the bills. Thankfully, Russell makes a great living. Uh-oh. You better hide the tags, or Russell is going to kill me. [LAUGHTER] Yeah, don't look at the price tag. Don't look at the price. Say, isn't your birthday coming up? I mean-- [LAUGHS] LISA: Coming up. Oh, what are you trying to say? You're skinnier, and I'm not? Oh, do you see that face? Yeah. You may be skinnier, however-- Oh! Whoa, whoa, no, wait! [INAUDIBLE] [MUSIC PLAYING] MAURICIO: Thank god everybody's working in here. Honey, why are you putting that orange juice right where everything looks pretty? Why do you always do that? I'm going to mix the orange juice into a margarita. KYLE: You need to find another area to mix. Every time I make everything cleaned up, people put junk on there. It's really stressful cooking for a lot of people, and I think I felt a little more stress just because Ken and Lisa, you know, having the restaurants and when you go to their house and have like pink risotto for lunch. And we're like, um, a baked potato. Take it easy for a second. Relax, OK? Hi. Hello. Hi, darling. How are you? Oh, look at this. Of course, it would be a pink one. How are you? Oh, he's so sweet. KEN: He's a real man. MAURICIO: It's a lilac. Everything good? Yes, it's great. KIM: When in these situations, I know I have to work harder in being more social, but I'm not all that comfortable. LISA: Why are you boiling these? MAURICIO: Girls, where did you put them? Kim's famous potatoes. Huh? Come on in, Chef Lisa, because that's what he does. Kim's famous potatoes. KYLE: Wait, Kim-- Very well-organised, these two. KYLE: Are you making fun? KEN: Oh, no, I wasn't making fun. KYLE: We don't own restaurants. Wait, can I just tell you-- I love this. LISA: No, he's taking the piss. We didn't, you know-- That's a good idea. Well, gee, we just didn't have our available vela blanca chef to prepare a meal. Let's see you hands on helping out except carrying a little poodle on your arm. Let me get my stuff out of the way, so Ken won't make fun of me anymore. Kyle is fabulous. I adore her. I don't know Kim very well, but I feel that kind of when you get close to her, she's a little defensive. KIM: [INAUDIBLE] than a restaurant. LISA: Heat up some butter now. KYLE: I'm getting it. It's not really butter though because Kim chose-- how much? A lot, Lisa, or a little? LISA: Oh, just put the whole thing in. You can afford it. Go on. Like that? That's not butter. Kim bought this. I told her it's not butter. She didn't listen to me. I can't believe it. [LAUGHS] KIM: I bought it. KYLE: Lisa, don't listen. You buy fake cheese things. KYLE: No, it's organic. KIM: Fake cheese puffs. You think organic is fake. We're not arguing. We're not arguing about butter. OK, I can't even have-- wait, your Cheerios are fake. You're cheese puffs-- They're healthy. They're healthier. Really? KYLE: I think with Kim and I, there are a lot of underlying issues that we haven't dealt with over the years, so sometimes the littlest thing can set me off. Oh, what are you trying to say? You're skinnier, and I'm not? Did you see that face? Yeah. Because I buy organic, she makes fun. She's trying to say, well, look, I'm skinny, and you're not. I didn't-- did I say that? Yeah. Oh my god! Basically. You did have the-- mm-hmm. Do you know what? I can't wait to get a couple of my girlfriends here. I'm going to have to make-- - I'm sorry. I'm telling you right now-- KIM: --some serious girlfriends [INAUDIBLE].. --you may be skinnier. However-- Oh! Whoa, whoa, no, wait! [INAUDIBLE] What are you going to say? To be in the middle of those two, dangerous ground because if you agree with either one of them, then they'll bite your head off. Oh, this is too stressful. OK, where is Kim's potatoes? MAURICIO: They're done. They're right here. I want to eat. That's what I want to do. This is too much pressure. Too many people. No, mama. Mommy's busy, look, being the baby. Mommy's a baby. [MUSIC PLAYING] WOMAN: Hi, Mrs. Maloof. Hello. WOMAN: How are you? Nice to see you. Right this way, please. Thank you. How you doing? - Good. Is Paul here? Yes, he is. ADRIENNE: OK. WOMAN: Right this way. Hey, look it. [LAUGHS] Paul really wanted me not to take the kids, which, of course, I wanted to take the kids. But I gave in this time only because my kids were in school. Hi. How are you? Beautiful as always. Me first. [LAUGHTER] It's, like, a fake kiss. Tell me about your shoot tomorrow. It's for "Curve" magazine, which is an international lifestyle magazine. "Curve" is for the Palms. They're going to feature one of our theme houses. It's a little bit of Dolce and Gabana, Versace, [INAUDIBLE],, designer ball gowns. Trust me, it's cool. Are you excited? Yeah, it'll be fun. So are you doing the photo shoot alone or with someone else? They have this male model. Very handsome. Very nice. PAUL: Wait a minute. What'd you say? You heard. No, because I was talking to her. You heard. Did you say male model? See, he heard. TONY: You did. What? No, he's a very handsome, very sweet, nice, beautiful male model. Don't worry, Paul. He's beautiful. What does that mean? Beautiful? Not as beautiful as you. PAUL: You never call me beautiful. You don't even call me handsome anymore. But I call you, don't I? [LAUGHTER] Paul is the type of person that, you know, you feel a kindred spirit with because he just seems like he's always on your side. Why can't they use me? [LAUGHS] You want people to buy the magazine, don't you? I have to go work out. You're beautiful. No, you're-- I'd have to go lift some weight [INAUDIBLE] and lose about 25 pounds stat. But look at those eyes. You have to admit, he has beautiful eyes. Adrienne is not one of these people that we're going to go out and show a lot of public displays of affection. We're not going to sit there and make out in front everybody, but she can be very romantic. To our first romantic night together. Please, I'll be in bed in an hour. Even though we miss our-- oh, no, she'll be in bed in an hour. Or Paul will. That could be good, or that could be bad. [LAUGHS] [MUSIC PLAYING] Hello? Ken! Hey. Here we go again. Thank you so much for flying all the way in from New York for this. I mean, this just helps us so much. Thank you so much. For you, anything. CAMILLE: Thanks, thanks, thanks. You look amazing, and, by the way, happy birthday. Don't I? CAMILLE: [LAUGHS] Kelsey is in New York doing the musical "La Cage aux Folles." And, of course, I'm going to be moving our whole family at some point to New York. Let's do this. Quick, quick. My New York apartment is perfect for my husband by himself, but when I come in with the kids and my staff, it's going to be close quarters. We're taking a three bedroom apartment, we're sleeping 12. Wow. OK. I don't know how, but we're sleeping 12. [LAUGHS] You're working miracles. Right, so every room has to have a sleeping function in it. I flew my designer, Ken, in first class just for the afternoon to get a good handle on what style we were going for for this apartment. One of the reasons that I thought that we should meet here is because this is the instant gratification, which is what we're looking for. CAMILLE: Yeah. So even though we're in LA on La Cienega Boulevard, this showroom is-- Also in New York. KEN: --also in New York. - By my house in New York, yes. - By your house in New York. We pick today. Deliver tomorrow. So you understand. CAMILLE: It's called speed designing, OK? Speed designing. CAMILLE: Living in New York City, it's great when you're single and you're in your 20s, but I think it's really hard as you get older and you have children. You're a temporary guest, got it? OK, yes. No, but in truth-- I'll be spending the rest of my time in the Hamptons in our home in the Hamptons. [MUSIC PLAYING] Well, it's not bad. Not bad isn't good enough. OK. No. Love it. KEN: Because I think those lamps are fabulous. Coral is fantastic. I like this. I think this is great. This is fun. It's not for that apartment. I just got to find a new home. That's my next project. In LA alone, we have three homes, and we have two homes in New York. I have a house in Hawaii, Colorado, several properties on Hawaii. I thought that this might work around the dining room table. Love it. It also has sort of that same kind of natural mode. It's sort of taupey greyish. Right. CAMILLE: And when you have seven to eight houses, of course, you're always worried about how much everything costs. With most of my homes, I don't skim. We came. We saw, and we conquered. We got our TV cabinet. We got a chandelier for the dining room. OK, great. We have to squeeze a lot of people into our small apartment. We'll see what happens. Great. Well, that was fantastic. I think we got enough done. I think we did great. I think that was great. OK, have a safe flight. [MUSIC PLAYING] Look how cute your pedicure looks. I like the colour you chose. BROOKE: Oh my gosh, I'm starving. Oh my gosh, I'm working on it. LISA: Now if you drop it, I swear I'll kill you after getting him this far. I had this bloody thing that was like three foot tall, and it's boiling hot in Palm Desert. And it turned out to be a bit of a pain in the butt. I can't wait to get rid of this thing now. I'm telling you, it's too much responsibility. Help. Oh, oh. [LAUGHS] Happy Easter. Happy Easter to you. Oh my goodness. Oh my god. This incredible. Oh my god. That is gorgeous. MAURICIO: [INAUDIBLE] I was like, wow. I've never seen something like that. That's heavy. KYLE: She's got the gorgeous car, the dog, and, you know, everything's the biggest and the best. You know, everything she does is like, ta-da. [LAUGHS] We're going eat, shall we? SOPHIA: No one eat it. Oh my god. I want to just like-- I mean, that's like a work of art. LISA: Yeah. [INAUDIBLE] he came down. Isn't he sweet? KYLE: Don't you just want to eat his ear off, Sophia? LISA: [INAUDIBLE] OK, girls, yeah. Oh, that's great. I love it. Look. It looks so good. I was like, let's just do it. What are you talking about? No, me. Mine! MAURICIO: Take a big bite out of it. Mm. Delicious. MAURICIO: Yummy. Mm. KYLE: Kim, you would grab that piece. [LAUGHS] Although Kim and I did clash over the weekend over silly little things, by the end of the weekend, we were back to normal. But anything can happen with Kim. Let me see inside. I'm curious, actually. [SCREAMS] [LAUGHTER] TAYLOR: Coming up. Every time that there's an issue with my kids, you kind of get in the middle of it and-- It's not that I get in the middle of it. They come to me. And you want them here with you-- KIM: I want them here with me because-- --because you're co-dependent with them, I think. [MUSIC PLAYING] TAYLOR: Linda Thompson is a songwriter. She was Elvis Presley's girlfriend. She has two beautiful sons-- Brody and Brandon Jenner from Bruce Jenner. She grounds me, and she gives me insight. Your kids, like Kennedy, are growing up with so much-- LINDA: Affluence, --more than we had. And I'm a little torn because here I am, like, you know, wanting my child to feel grateful and thankful. And then I love to do these over-the-top things for her that I didn't have when I was little. My kids one day-- we were in the Jacuzzi, and Brandon and Brody said, so, mum, what kind of pool did you have when you were growing up? And I went, pool? Are you kidding? And they said, oh, well, that was the olden days, so now everybody has a pool. And I said, you know, they don't. Not everybody does have a pool. She can't even fathom what it's like to not have food. Take her to Africa, right? [MUSIC PLAYING] ADRIENNE: The photo shoot was probably a little sexier than what I'm used to doing. I was a little hesitant. Look at this beautiful [INAUDIBLE],, isn't it? STYLIST: Yes. [MUSIC PLAYING] [DOORBELL] My husband follows me everywhere. Oh, yeah. [LAUGHTER] PAUL: When Adrienne told me that a young, good-looking model was going to be in the photo shoot with her, you know, obviously, I didn't like it. Oh. TONY: Oh, fantastic. And the other male model? - Shaw. - Shaw. What's your name? Shaw. S-H-A-W. "Shawshank Redemption." Is that what you tell everybody? I'm Paul. I'm Adrienne's husband. Oh, great. Well, you know-- I'm Adrienne's photo partner. Oh. Originally, they had me doing this shoot, not you. [LAUGHS] I'm the backup plan. I'm the backup plan. The problem is I have too many meetings right now and-- SHAW: Oh, yeah? Plus I'm built a lot better than you. It looks like it, you know? Did work. Especially with those pants kind of a little loose around that lower part there. It's the European style nowadays. You know, show a little, but not too much. Just do me a favour. Be a good boy. You don't have to worry about that. Otherwise, you know, there'll be a problem. Keep em off my wife. Let me look at you. Wow, you look great. Thanks. PAUL: I'll see you later on when you're done then. ADRIENNE: Yeah. All right, because I'm going to go take off and go do some stuff. All righty. SHAW: She's in good hands. Bye. Not literally in good hands. Babe, don't I get a little kiss goodbye? You'll mess my lipstick up. PAUL: Oh. Just finished it. Hey, you know, he's got beautiful women day in and day out coming in his office, so, you know, once in a while, a very handsome man, you know, giving me a little attention, not bad. All right, all right. Stop. Tell me when you're ready. PHOTOGRAPHER: I'm ready. ADRIENNE: The photo shoot was a little edgy, but then I thought, you know what? I'm just going to have fun with it, and I think it looked pretty cool. Everything for the look looked gorgeous. Of course. Yes. Oh, love that. ADRIENNE: I'm used to doing photo shoots with my family, so this was a little different. But, you know, I had a good time. PHOTOGRAPHER: That's a good angle, actually. Perfect. That was good. [LAUGHS] That's for good luck. PHOTOGRAPHER: [LAUGHS] [MUSIC PLAYING] AMY: Hi, how are you? Hi. Hi, I'm Kim. How are you? - Hi, Kim. - Kimberly. - Hi, Kimberly. - Brooke. - I'm Brooke. Hi, Brooke. Whitney, the birthday girl. Hi, happy birthday! - Thank you. - I'm Amy. Nice to meet you. Thank for coming to Sonya Dakar. We're back from Palm Springs, and it was Whitney's 20th birthday. What Whitney wanted to do was have a girl day, so we picked Sonya Dakar Spa. Happy birthday. Thank you. - Hi. - Oh, hi. I thought you were one of my-- [LAUGHS] I thought you were one of my-- I saw blonde hair, and I figured a family member. Hi, I'm Kyle. Hi, Kyle. I'm Amy. Nice to meet you. We have a big beauty boot camp day planned for you and-- So excited. --we're going to start it on the rooftop with a little-- Oh, great. Yay. Thank you. So if you want to follow me, I'll take you up to the roof. OK, sounds good. [MUSIC PLAYING] Whitney, look at this. [INAUDIBLE]? KYLE: Sure. Delicious. KYLE: I'm so hungry. This looks really good. So good. Is all the food organic? [INAUDIBLE]? KYLE: Oh. KIM: It's really good. I have to-- KYLE: And this is, like, French toast? SERVER: Yes. KYLE: Oh my gosh. I have to have one of those. KIM: Healthy. Healthy. KYLE: Yes, yes. It's organic, so it's good for me. What treatments do you want to do, girls? Massage. KYLE: Who needs a manicure? I do, badly. I do really bad. Oh my gosh. OK, I say we all get mani and pedis. I need a manicure really badly. I don't even want to show you my nails. They're disgusting. - I know. KIM: [INAUDIBLE] tell you that. KYLE: I've been trimming my cuticles with my teeth. [LAUGHS] Not my nails. Just every now and then. KIMBERLY: Classy. I know. Very classy. I want this to be a beautiful, beautiful day for you. It is a beautiful day. Good. Cheers. So this will be nice today. This will be fun. Is she happy today? She's happy, but I need to talk to you about something. She told me last night that she wants to go back to Houston. And, I mean-- Why is she talking about that now? Whitney wants to go to Houston for the summer. Her father is there. She has a tonne of friends there. Her boyfriend is from there. It's her birthday, so I don't want to make a big deal. But I'd like your support on it. About her not going? Yeah. Well, is it just for the summer or-- Well, I think she-- If it's just for the summer, why shouldn't she go? Because I think it'll end up being permanent. Obviously, I don't want her to move to Houston, but if she's [INAUDIBLE] to go for the summer, I think she should go and have fun. But this is a time right now we all need to, like, stick together. KYLE: A lot of times Kim is too dependent on her kids, and we disagree a lot about that. I'd just like a little support sometimes from you. What do you mean? I mean, I feel like-- I don't think-- I feel like lately, I haven't had your back on a lot of things. She doesn't seem to see my side on those things. I expect the support of my family. Kim-- KIM: I mean, I don't want to bring up. --if I had-- I don't want talk this on her birthday. I'm just going to say though, I always have your back if I agree. I'm not going to pretend to have your back if I don't agree. But you don't-- But I don't want to do this here. --have my back with anything with them lately. Yes, I-- what are you're talking about? A lot of times when her girls are upset, they'll come to me because she makes really bad choices. Every time that there's an issue with my kids, you kind of get in the middle of it, and-- It's not that I get in the middle of it. They come to me. And if I-- I back them if I believe in what they're saying. If I believe in what you're saying, I back you. I don't-- I'm not a bull [BLEEP].. And you want her here with you because-- KIM: I want her here with me because-- --you're co-dependent with them, I think. KIM: OK. Can we not do this here? Can we not do this? OK, well, then when do you want to do it because I feel like you're always too busy lately? It's her birthday. Please. I don't want to do this here. You always do this. Whenever we're having fun, you have to like-- It's not that-- not I don't this whenever we're having fun. Please. Before my mum passed away, I promised her, don't worry. I'm going to take care of my whole family, not just Kim, but her kids too, but she makes it really, really hard for me. I feel like she-- every time we're having fun or there's a party, she has to bring up something negative and bring me down. I mean, I get she doesn't have a husband and she doesn't have, you know, grandma to talk to you, but I'm like, I'm trying to enjoy my day with my kids. And then I mean. I don't mean to be mean, but I get-- I know. She's very-- too Dependent now I mean, I really-- I feel like I'm going to snap sometimes. If I don't agree with Kim, then Kim's going to mad at me. It is a no win situation. CAMILLE: Coming up. KYLE: You just want your kids with you because you don't want to be by yourself. That's not true. KYLE: Whitney, do you think there's any truth to what I just said? [MUSIC PLAYING] It's Whitney's birthday, and I want it to be fun. It really bothers me when Kim will take a fun occasion and turn it into something negative. AMY: You ready to start your treatment? WHITNEY: Yes. You're going to do the facial. Can I be with her? No, I don't want you to be with me. What? This is-- Mum, I'm 20 today, so that means you go in your own room. And I go-- OK, love you. She's not for a long time. [MUSIC PLAYING] I'm sorry. I didn't neglect you, but I want to give attention to your mum just as well. My sister. Yeah, I mean, your sister. Sorry! [MUSIC PLAYING] KYLE: I heard you're thinking of maybe going to Houston for the summer. Yeah, I think I need a little break from LA. I just miss my friends, and I don't know. But for sure come back, right? Yes. KYLE: For sure, for sure? For sure. [MUSIC PLAYING] I'm sorry. You're not the parent here at this house. I am. This is my house. And these are my kids, and these are my rules. KYLE: You just want your kids with you because you don't want to be by yourself. KIM: That's not true. KYLE: Whitney, do you think there's any truth to what I just said? Yeah. But I think everybody gets the wrong idea. Like, I think that you think that I want you to stay here because I want you here for me. Well, I think a part of you does, but that's fine. KIM: But that's not it. So what is it? I just feel like she should be a kid and go and have fun for a little bit before she starts school again as long as she's being responsible. I just don't like the fact that you don't support me in certain things. KYLE: Oh my gosh. KIM: And I don't feel like you do. I think loyalty between sisters is trusting that the other one will be behind you no matter what. KYLE: Whitney, I'm going to send you a tweet right now. Oh, that's fair. KYLE: [LAUGHS] Sometimes can you not find-- Are you sending messages behind my back in front of me? KYLE: No. Can we just drop it for now? It's my birthday, and I just want to have a good time. I'm sorry. KYLE: It's not even about letting her kids do something. It's about her learning to stand on her own. Kim needs to learn to stand on her own. KIM: Next time on "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills." You've got places to store all those balls, Nick? I got plenty of space. When Kelsey is away, I tend to hang out with guy friends who are very athletic. You made a promise you're going to play naked with your jockstrap. LISA: Camille's dancing, all that's missing was a pole, really. KYLE: You come near my husband, I will [HISSES].. Kyle was all, why would they be interested in you without Kelsey there? Let's get the story straight. I didn't say those things. Don't throw jabs at me because I will stand up for myself. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 