The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills 
 s1e10 - Payback's a Bitch... Just Ask Your Husband - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Payback's a Bitch... Just Ask Your Husband - full transcript 
 The ladies roar ahead past last week's dinner party, with a '20s-themed extravaganza. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - previously on the real housewives of beverly hills... - so saturday night, I'm having a dinner at my house. - that'd be really nice. and it'd be a completely different vibe this time. [all greeting at once] - camille brought her sidekick. I mean, psychic. - you are entirely washed-up. enjoy your life. - excuse me, you're boring me. - I mean, it was a few clowns short of a circus. - camille, you sat there the entire night like this... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 you know, with your hand there like that. - that's who I am, kyle. - that's not who you are, camille, that's who you are pretending to be. [upbeat music] - it may look like I have it all but I want more. ♪♪ ♪♪ - in beverly hills, it's who you know, and I know everyone. ♪♪ ♪♪ - money is what I have, not who I am. ♪♪ ♪♪ - I was a child star, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and now my most important role is being a mom. ♪♪ ♪♪ - in a town full of phonies, i'm not afraid to be me. ♪♪ ♪♪ - it's time for me to come out of my husband's shadow and shine. ♪♪ ♪♪ - hey, want some juice? - morning. - Hi, honey. - how are you? - I'm good, how are you? - what's going on? - nothing. - Good morning! - say good morning. oh, my god, how was last night? - heh. don't even ask. - why? What happened? - it was a disaster. you have no idea how bad it was, i'm not even joking. - What happened? - morning, morning. - hello, darling. so you got home very, very late last night. how was it? - heh. you really wanna know? - what do you mean? - [Sigh] - do you really wanna know? What does that mean? now what happened? - there was this girl, allison. she claims to be a psychic, or a medium, or something like that. - Right. - camille's friend, she sits there, she's got this, like, electronic cigars, cigarettes. thing that she, like, was puffing on, and... - she's like... [inhales, exhales] and making all these weird faces. she was drinking a little too much. - she just basically pointed around the room at one point, and she was like, "i can tell you when you're gonna get divorced," and... - then she starts saying how you don't fulfill my needs and all this stuff. - [Laughing] - he will never emotionally fulfill you. ever. Know that. - there was an explosion between, uh, camille and-- And kyle. - what else is new? - [giggles] yeah, exactly. - and next thing you know... all the women were, like, fighting. - I had also heard that things were said at the airport. - they were telling me that-- - I wasn't telling you anything, you were baiting me. - this is all bull[bleep] to me, okay? - what did you do? - well, you know, when you've got little kids fighting all the time, it wasn't a big deal to me. - so you didn't do anything? - well, I just--I thought it was unnecessary drama. no, I didn't do anything. what was I supposed to do, put them in time-out? - and kyle's angry at me because she feels like I didn't have her back, so I don't know that... - if I'm already having a problem with camille, and there's already problems and fighting, why do you bring that up? - I didn't bring it up! - In new york, you did! and then I just said to her, "you know, you take your own car." and I felt bad because she ended up going home alone. and then we all rode together. - so are you gonna see these girls again soon? like, after last night? - brooke, I don't-- Like, honestly, I don't know if I can handle all these women all together. i know lisa's got a fundraiser coming up and-- - I think it'd be good for you to go. - first of all, the fundraiser is way too soon for me, after every time these girls get together, there's a drama. i'm not ready, no. i'm not gonna go to the fundraiser, for sure. - we have to go to lisa's fundraiser, and taylor has the roaring twenties party. so...they're all gonna be there. - what happens if camille's there and brings allison? - oh. i would love to meet her. what do you think about mommy's little problemas with camille? - not good. - Not good, right? - [giggles] buggy-boo. - I need extra flowers for outside. - si. - armando, did you water all these flowers? you put water in here? armando? villa blanca, hello? i'm so sorry, but today we're closed. um, we're closed for a charity event. i'm doing this fundraiser at villa blanca for this young girl that was set on fire in her bed by this guy that asked her for a date. - table here for five. - Cedric, do you realize that your ass is hanging out here? that you've got a hole in your trousers the side of that. would you pull your t-shirt down? it's a fashion show. and we're trying to draw attention to the children's burn foundation and raise money for this young lady. clean this up, this doesn't look good. there's so many things that can go wrong because it's a fashion show with the girls walking through, so I'm a little anxious. i want to make sure the kitchen's up to speed to get the food out. - Let me check. - everything's potentially fantastic, but who knows with these kind of things because there's always potential for disaster. you need to put all the gift bags on the chairs. i--ugh... - my god, it's so much, isn't it? - that's okay. Well, keep going. but cedric, if I ask you to do something, i'm sorry--asking you for 15 minutes of your time... and you were supposed to be here at 9:00. - that was a misunderstanding. - you live in my house, drive my car, that's not cool. I'm sorry, it's not cool. i had asked cedric if he would get his lazy ass down to villa blanca 15 minutes early because we had a very important event. he declined, so I was irritated, to say the least. - who's been writing that last night until 11:00 with all the names? Me. - and cedric... - For you. - you've been living with me for a year. if I ask you to do something for 15 minutes, - I was doing it. - Okay. - I understand what you're saying, it's fine. - it's not right for you to say we're moving on, i say when we're moving on. - let's go. [gasps] look at that dog. today is lisa's fundraiser. and honestly, after the big, uh, commotion at camille's the other night, i really don't feel like putting myself back in that situation. - you need to stand up and say stop. - why don't you stand up and say stop? - I can't stop you because you're off your [bleep] rocker. - girls, enough, enough, enough, enough! - come on, let's go. taylor and I go at it for some reason. i have no idea why. i really shouldn't have said those things about her lips. i think I'm gonna make the first move and reach out to her. come on, silly. [chatter overlaps] - hey, darling, how are you? oh, I'm glad to see you, and thank you for coming. - I'm so happy to be here. - Hi. - greet your hubby first. - how are you? Mwah. - hi, how are you? - Good. - oh, you look gorgeous. are you okay now? - Okay. mwah, mwah. So this is the designer? - yes. - I can tell. because I'm starting to recognize her work. - hey, darling, how are you? I've invited as many wealthy women that I know. it's a sold-out event, so fingers crossed, we'll raise money for this young lady. did you speak to camille? - I texted with her, but... - I feel bad. - She's pretty distraught. - I mean, I know. - I feel horrible. - I mean, I wanted to phone and say thank you for the other night, but... - to have us in her home and then something go awry, i feel really bad-- - Well, maybe she'll show up. - you think she might? - well, she said she was coming, but I just feel, after what went down-- i just don't want any problems 'cause this event is so much more important than that. i mean, it's two lines they're arguing over. you know, it's ridiculous. it's gotta be put to bed and done. - yeah, that's what I think too. i think we gotta put this thing to sleep. no drama today. do we need to separate everyone? - how are you? - have you just arrived? - well, yes. - [Chuckles] - good to see you. - Good to see you. you look gorgeous. - I love that. - oh, my gosh. - Christina makowsky, yeah. - I love it. - Everything good? - pretty good. - adrienne. ah-ha! - Hi. how are you? - How are you, darling? you look gorgeous. - Thank you, thank you. - I don't think camille's coming, I don't know. - well, understandably. you know, the aftermath is a little heavy. - yeah. - The whole thing was like-- like watching a bad car accident. - it was terrible. - It was awful. - terrible. This is so...not who I am. - 'cause I think you were both ready to put it behind you but having other people in the room, i think, increased the tension. but we're gonna turn this train around. - yeah, let's turn this train around. I've had a pit in my stomach all day. hi, girls. - kyle, do you want to join us? - I can't, I've got all my other friends over there. i didn't sit with lisa, and taylor, and adrienne, because I invited a bunch of my friends from childhood and bought a table. hello, girls. - everybody wants to know if they can talk to you. - aye, aye, aye, aye, aye. - aye, aye, aye is exactly correct. - well, gosh, I can laugh now, but I mean... - kyle, that was one of the worst nights i think I've ever had in my entire life. honestly. - It was horrible. - I've never seen you so devastated either. i mean, that was awful in every way, shape, or form. - first everything was great. and then I don't know what happened. it just started tur-- Getting ugly. i need to learn how to, like, get my point, but calmly. - and now I feel like I can't fix it. i just feel like I should have... i just wanna be civil. she doesn't have to like me. That happens in life. i guess if we don't like each other, we can be civil and move on. - ladies, we're about to begin our fashion show with clothes designed by christina makowsky. [applause] - ah. - Yeah, that's really nice. look at you two. - That's beautiful. - that's cute. - I'm so upset that camille didn't come. - yeah. - well, she said she was coming initially when I invited her. and then all that went down. and it's all going over the same thing again and again. - it's a very ridiculous issue. that's the problem. it's not about family, it's not about friends. - I know, it's irrelevant now. - then there's also people, like the woman we're here to support today, who have real problems, that make things like this, like, absolutely ridiculous. - Absolutely. - ridiculous, I agree. - Ridiculous. i'm not really used to too much drama amongst women. i'm not really good with that. i think it defeats the purpose of empowering women. you know, it kind of sets us back about 50 years. - daniel knows him from mexico city. [chatter overlapping] - uh-oh, what's going on? - what's wrong? - so here I was, looking to have a great afternoon and I received this text from camille. - coming up... - and then all of a sudden, camille and e and I clash and this happened. - it's so unlike you to act like that. - uh-oh, what's going on? - what's wrong? - I received this text from camille. - I said, "we will no longer be working with your husband, thank you very much." i think mauricio is great. we've been working with him for many years. but his wife, the way she attacks me, i just can't work with that family right now. i can't be kyle's target. that's just-- Enough's enough. - I don't know want to do. i felt devastated. - you okay, honey? - usually, I feel like I know how to fix something, or handle it, or sit down and get it out on the table. but with camille, I have tried a number of times and it just ends up worse every time. i just felt like there was no hope. - all right, ladies. let's put our hands together for christine makowsky and her fantastic fashions. oh, my goodness. were they beautiful or what? - the event was successful. everything went perfectly. we did manage to raise $25,000. so I was very happy. i'm really glad you came, though. you know, especially after the weekend was so traumatic. - thank you for having me, and for involving me. and anything I can do for women in need, you know? i'm right there. - All right. - I love you. - Thank you for coming. - I'm so psyched for this. - are you cool if I do, like, uh, wheelies? - [giggles] no. - no? No wheelies for camille? - no wheelies for me. - Okay. - I have two children, i'd like to stay alive. lisa invited me to her fundraiser, but the thought of running into kyle... after that evening, I just, uh, decided to pass on that event. - wear that. - Thank you. - get your hair outta there. there we go. - okay. i usually ride kelsey's, but he's got that big harley of his, you know... - Different. - yeah, it's so different. - Just different. - shh, I didn't say that. after my dinner, allison said, "camille, those women will eat their own." so when they left, I really-- In my heart, I felt like i just can't be around them. [engine turns over] [motorcycle revs loudly] i believe that allison was standing up for me. i mean, of course, I like taylor and adrienne, but I just thought that kyle was just awful and vile. i have no interest in making amends with kyle. there's no point. it'd be a waste of my time. - good morning. - Morning. i'm here to see julie waldorf. - Okay. - if you wanna keep pace in beverly hills, you have to throw parties that people talk about. so I'm throwing a roaring twenties costume party. - hi! - Hi. how are you? Wow, look at that. mwah! - Good to see you. - I hope this isn't for me. I don't know why. i just cannot resist a theme party this year. that's my thing. - Isn't this amazing? - my gosh, look at all these costumes! look, little house on the prairie. kyle, and kim. - Yes, yes. - at the fundraiser at villa blanca, both camille and kim had said they were gonna come, but neither of them showed. and now I'm getting a little concerned whether they're going to show up for my roaring twenties party. you can really tell this is 100 years old, just by the way that it's worn. and it's so incredible. - this is just all crystal. Let's compare. - ooh, that's nice. - This really dresses it up. and you're okay wearing jewelry--costume jewelry? - sure. - Yeah, I know you normally-- - it's a costume party. this is kind of cute. - That one I love too. - I have a big head, julie. - Yeah. no, no. That came out wrong. - [giggles] - kind of looks like a peacock on the top of your head. - [giggles] - [gasp] this is gorgeous. I love it! this is the one! Yay, I'm serious! i am so excited. - You are so cute. - this is perfection. - Okay, this is it. - how do you feel? - I feel good. - you look gorgeous. - So we'll make this work. - we'll make it work. - so what's going on? - Hi. - great seeing you. - Nice to see you, what's happening? - Wonderful. what's happening with you? - All good, all good. i owe you a phone call. - Bye. - uh. - [Sighs] - would you like to order? - Yeah, we're ready. do you know what you want, honey? - which is my favorite salad, honey? - the, uh, you know, trecciolina, I think it is. - I'll have that with shrimp. - all right, I'm gonna have the salmon and the, uh, trecciolina, please. thank you so much. - Pleasure. enjoy. - Thank you, thank you. my husband's clients are very important to him, and I would never want it to get around that he had a problem because of me. it's a small town, and his business, very important to him. the whole thing with camille's been weighing very heavy. - right. - after the argument the other night, we've had two very bad fights. so now obviously we're not getting along. and she wrote me this long text just kind of, like, parting ways. then she said something like, "by the way, we won't be doing business with your husband anymore." anyway, I didn't say anything to you about that because I feel really bad because-- because here, you know, you have a great relationship with kelsey and camille, like business and friendship. and then all of a sudden camille and I clash, and this happens. So I feel bad that I'm... i feel guilty about that. - I mean, the only thing I can do is just try to, uh... regain kelsey and camille's trust. i think that that's just a childish, uh, reason to not want to do business with somebody. and so you know, I don't know how I could really be angry at somebody that, you know, wants to do a childish decision. it just feels, you know, it's so unlike you to act like that. i mean, to have those fights with people, that's so not like you. - I know that. - you know, I have clients, and I...you know, I need to protect them. so I don't wanna lose my clients. - I mean, I... i would like to be able to fix things with camille. i'm gonna reach out to her, and then, I guess time will tell, I don't know. i don't know where you go from here. where do you go from here? - coming up... - she's almost like a child that you've gotta smack on the hand and say, "no, it's time to grow up now, kyle." - like, you almost wanna put... you both in time-out at that point. - let's check this out. hey. - Hey. - hey, hey, hey, hey. - Hey, guys. - hi, brian, how are you? - Hey. good to see you. - we have a record division, and it's called maloof records. - hey, troy. - Hey, man. [chatter overlaps] - my personal taste in music is so diversified. usher, timbaland, jay-z. i'm kind of all over the place. - the first song that we're gonna play is, uh, if I say good-bye. it's kind of like a power ballad for us. - all right, let's hear it. - Let's go. - yeah. our family's a little interesting in that-- that we all work together. [loud rock music] ♪♪ ♪♪ - people will always ask us "well, how do you make a family business work?" well, you don't always agree, of course. you have your disagreements. but at the end of the day, we find a way to, to really work it out. and that's what's made us, you know, successful as a family business. ♪♪ ♪♪ the blow-up between camille and kyle was actually ridiculous. i mean, it just didn't seem at that time to matter. the family business, that's what's important to me. ♪♪ ♪♪ - that's what we've been working on. [cheers and applause] - thank you. [phone ringing] - hello? - Hi, there. may I speak to camille? This is taylor. - hey, taylor. Let me get her. hold on one moment. - even though I've already invited camille to the party, i just wanna reach out to her and let her know that I'd really like for her to be there. - how are you? - I'm good, I'm good. well, I wanted to just follow up with you regarding the roaring twenties because I know I invited you, but I really want you to come. i want us to be able to spend some time together and have some fun. and you know, we can kind of just mingle and move around and not get into any serious discussions. - uh, I don't know. you know, it's been difficult. kyle and I just don't seem to hit it off. and I'm a little reluctant. maybe it would be a good idea if I go. you know, sometimes it's better to face your enemy. thank you for the invitation. it sounds amazing. I-- let me think about it, okay? - promise me you'll try to make it. - yes. I will try to make it. okay, I'll try. We'll see. - good. - Okay. Bye. - bye-bye. - hi. - Hello. welcome to the painted nail. - Hi. I'm kim. - sarah. - nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. what did you wanna get done today? - um, I'd just like to get a manicure. - hi. - Hey! - how are you, girl? - I think if taylor and I spent more time together, we would get over our issues. - good, what are you getting? Manicure? - the ice cream sundae manicure. oh, okay, I don't know what it is but it sounds good. - I really like kyle, and kim and I have had so much friction, and I feel like that's kind of been an awkward piece of my friendship with kyle. so I'm having a 1920s party, a costume party. - oh, my god, when? - Yeah. um, thursday night. Yeah, you should come. everyone's gonna dress up, and... - I would love to. i have something going on on thursday. - oh, do you? it's kind of last minute, so... - wait, can I ask you a question? - yeah. - Am I a last-minute invitation 'cause you were debating whether you were gonna invite me? - Ha-ha-ha! [laughing] yes. [giggles] actually, yes. - Yeah. i don't have anything against taylor. i actually began to really like taylor. unfortunately, people say things that they don't mean, and things just fly out. well, taylor, you're the one that said that. - why would I ever say camille was insecure? don't--do not [bleep] drag me into this. 'cause I guarantee you're barking up the wrong tree here. - I think what happens with you and i, is that when everybody's fighting, you and I don't do well with it. - Mm-mm. - so it's like, you go there, and I go there, 'cause the situation's so uncomfortable. - I'm really hoping it's behind all of us. that, you know, kyle-- - then again, where would the fun be? [giggles] no, I don't like to see anybody fight. it went nice, we had a good time, and there was no fighting. i could be taylor's friend, easily. - and it's really over nothing. - I don't know how it happens. - I cannot figure kim out. she is an enigma to me. she should have, like, a superhero costume with a big question mark on it. 'cause I do not understand the girl. - oh, this is nice. i love dining outside. - Thank you. Thank you. - perfect. - Yeah, it's great. thanks. thank you. - how are we doing? Doing good? - hi, yeah. - Are you ready? have you looked at the menu? - I'm gonna go for a salad. - we have a nice arugula salad with some rustic tomato on top. - oh, that sounds good. - Do you like lemon dressing? - I love lemon dressing. - Lemon dressing? - that sounds fantastic. - That's perfect. - I'll have that, as well. - The same thing for you? - fantastic. - Thank you so much. enjoy. - Thank you. - taylor's party. - Yeah. - I'm so excited, I can't wait. it was hard to decide whether I would go to taylor's party or not. but I like taylor. and it's about taylor, not about the other girls. - I still haven't gotten a costume. i don't know what i'm gonna do. - I rented a costume. should be a lot of fun. - It will be. - and this will be the first time I see kyle. i don't think it's appropriate for somebody to come into my house and then verbally assault me that way. yeah, it just kind of threw me for a loop, i didn't expect it. - Yeah. - I just think it was two different personalities that-- - right, right, just two different ways of-- - she doesn't understand me. it's like, I can't write a book about myself, but I can give her some literature and say, "hey, this is the person that I am, and this is you." - it's just a response to things that have happened over an extended period of time. - yeah, I mean-- - Do you think? - why do I have to be the target? - adrienne, she always plays the peacemaker. she just thinks it was just a grave misunderstanding between the both of us 'cause she knows both of us and our personalities. and I just think I don't understand or get kyle's personality. - would you like to-- - Do you want some dessert? - I'm fine, thank you. I'm quite perfect, thank you. - I might just get a cappuccino. - cappuccino? - Non-fat. - no fat cappuccino. - Oh, you know what? i'll have a cappuccino also. That sounds perfect. - no fat for you too? - Yes, that sounds great. it's almost like a child that you gotta smack on the hand and say "no, it's time to grow up now, kyle." - like you almost wanna put... - Behave like-- - you both in time-out at that point. - it's hard to explain. because the way she verbally lashes out, it's very immature, I think. - I would hope that camille would make a little bit more effort towards kyle to kind of make amends and bury the hatchet. um, you know, I have to go pick up my son. paul and I are going to a dinner for his school, so. - mm-hmm. Okay. - I just didn't really wanna talk about kyle and camille. i had enough of it. - I am so glad that we had this conversation. - absolutely. - what are you doing? - [Giggles] - hello? hi. hi, where are you? - I'm up in my room, come up. - hi, giggy. - Hey, portia. - look, chloe's getting jealous. - hello, darling. - How are you? - good. Hi, giggy. oh, I'm gonna kiss giggy. - what are you up to? - [Laughing] - nothing, I'm trying to find something to wear to the roaring twenties party. - oh, I hate the idea of the roaring twenties party. i don't know what to wear. - look, I rented this. i didn't wanna tell you what happened at the fundraiser because I didn't wanna take away from your event and what we were really there for, but you have no idea the text she sent me. - why? - I'm sitting there, and I get a text from her basically saying that she doesn't want anything to do with me, and that we're not doing business together anymore. meaning, of course, with mauricio. - oh, that's ridiculous. - I was so upset, lisa. i could not stop crying, I was so upset. - you can't let her get to you. - I don't know how not to. i will never be able to trust her. never be able to trust her again. - she didn't show up at the fundraiser, so maybe she won't be there tonight. - well, I hope she's not. just because it will be a lot easier. i don't want any more problems. i just don't want any repeat problems. i know. let's just hope she doesn't come. - coming up... [high-pitched barking] - ready? Go! [barks, pants] - we need to get dressed, we're going out. and we cannot have this little bald ass hanging out. giggy has alopecia. You poor little thing! i don't care if he doesn't have his fur. i mean, it's like i'm not gonna trade kenny in when he loses his hair, am i? that feels good, I know that feels good. - he's a little fluff ball. the prettiest dog I've ever seen in my life. [high-pitched barking] oh, you wanna wear your santa claus outfit? [high-pitched barking] pajamas... mexican hat... come on, you know you look good in this. - lisa's with him day and night. - come on, gigster. - doesn't put him down. - Hmm? - I think he's taken my place. - that's good, that's good, that's good, that's good! Good boy! giggy has the easy life. i'm coming back as giggy, that's for sure. - hey. - How are you? - hey, how are you? Mwah. this is real vintage, from the 1920s. i'd really love to wear this one. but we're just gonna have to see if we can make it work with my-- - We can make it work. - but that's out back-up. - Yeah, we'll make that work. - and that's the dress that I'm wearing. so it has, like, the high neckline... - how wonderful. - Like this, right? - perfect. - Gonna be, like, '20s chick? - flapper. - [Giggles] i thought it would be fun to do the '20s because the whole prohibition thing. - is there gonna be booze at the party? - what do you think? [giggles] how long have you known me? yes, it should be fun tonight. i think all the--all my girls are coming in costume. - cool, I'm excited. - Yeah. - spray it. just so that you get that right there. you know what I mean? yeah, so that there's a defined curl. - because then-- 'cause all of this is just gonna get tucked up like that. - I love it. - Okay, right. - ee! [claps] thank you! I feel hollywood glam-y. - whit? - Hey, mom. - what you doing? - Packing. - brought you a sandwich. - thank you. - You're welcome. oh, my gosh. - I just--i... [scoffs] i don't even know what to bring. i'm gonna be there for so long. - I don't want you to go. - I know. - whitney's decided that she's gonna go to houston for the summer. and she's got friends there, her dad's there... so you know, I understand. but I was absolutely terrified that she wasn't going to come back. - I know you don't want me to go, but, you know, it'll be good for me. - you wanna stay one extra day and have an extra little good-bye party for you? - no. i mean, I would, but maybe-- i don't know, I just won't have enough time. i have to get there already. - I know, but... i wanna really, like, do a little, like... "see you in a month and a half." i feel like I just got her back after, you know, she's been at college and she's been away. and I was so excited to have her home this year. - I'm gonna come back. and it'll be as if I never even left. but also I'm gonna be not living at home for not too much longer. - why not? What do you mean? - I mean, I know I'm taking a year off from school, but I'm gonna go back this coming school year. before you know it i'm gonna be out on my own, like, living in my own apartment. - I figured though, if you went to a school close enough, that you'd still wanna live at home. no? - um, I don't know about that. - so whitney... you're coming back for sure, right? - yes. people can go away for the summer and come home. i'm going for, like, three months. - three? You know, this started out when you first said, "i'm going to houston," you were gonna go for, like, a month. - well, I have to tell you less. - now it's three months? - mom, I gave you this dress to wear to taylor's party. - you know what, the party's tonight too. and I'd rather just be with you. - I don't care if you go. - Thanks a lot. - obviously, I care for you to stay home and not go to a party for me, but you need to keep the relationship with your girlfriends. - because you're leaving or something? it was my daughter's last night in town before going away for the summer, and I never would have left her on that night. my "thing" is my kids. so I was happy to be here at home with her. - mom, will you come back up in a little bit? because I'm really bad at folding. - I will help you. even though I don't want you to go, I'll help you pack. - I love you. - still think about if you wanna stay for a party, or-- i'm just teasing. - Mom! - joking! Okay, I love you. - love you. - hey, guys. Hurry up. - hold on a second, okay, already? - okay, we're gonna be late. - Okay. okay, it's not easy being me, you know? - ugh. It took forever. - uh! We must be joking! - what? - What are you doing? - what do you think? you know, well, the dress didn't look good on me. - it looked better on me, let us face it. - what do you think, darling? - oh, my god. - don't [bleep] with mr. Pinky tonight, okay? - please don't hit me again. - Come on, let's do it. come on, ken. Get used to it. - jesus. - ken, you know what? cedric really fancied me upstairs in the bathroom. he said, "for the first time, lisa, i find you attractive." - [Chuckles] - I'm not walking 'cross the road, i have heels on. - Oh, don't be ridiculous. - look at this. - Oh, for goodness sake. they're running shoes, as far as I'm concerned. [doorbell rings] - [laughing] hey. - I said, "boy, lisa got tall." - ha-ha! - Oh, my god! - god, oh, you look great. - little shock to see cedric dressed as a woman. and seeing lisa as a man... she's too pretty to be a man. - we're ready. - My god, look at this guy. - we've been waiting for you to dress. - I'm a lady. - [chuckles] almost. - do you want some pads for those shoulders, paul? - smartass. - [Laughing] - what we have here is the pink pearl. it's sort of a grapefruit-driven cocktail. - let's do that. - Will do, sir. - we'll try that. - Okay. - there you go. Hi. - Wow. - I cut all my hair off. - I hope not. - [Giggles] - I hope it's in there somewhere. - it is, it is. - So is this my-- - hi, darling, happy birthday! - Thank you for my party. you look amazing. Exceeding all expectations. - aw, thank you. - Turn around. stunning. - How does my hat look? - I love it. - Perfect. - down a little more in front. - do I look like a gangster? - Russ the gangster. - you guys all look so handsome. the '20s are working. - [laughing] I love it. well, everyone looks great. the room looks so good-- Hi, girls! - your lips are red. - I know. - is it... Is it smearable? - I don't know. give me a cocktail first and then we'll find out. - oh, right. - [Laughing] you guys look amazing. [gasp] whoo-hoo! ah! Look at you! mwah, mwah! you look good. - So do you. - give me the spin. girl, you look hot as always. i love you. - Is this from your wardrobe? or is this-- - No, no, no, this is not. this is fake. these are real. - I mean, the dress. - oh, no. From my wardrobe, no. - did you rent it, or-- - kelsey and i, we are that kinky. you know, we like to dress up a lot. No. we'll see what happens when I see kyle. i don't wanna be on the receiving end of her slings and arrows. like I said, with our personalities, you never know. 'cause we have strong personalities. even though I'm quiet. but that doesn't mean I don't have a stubborn, strong personality. because I'm nice and sweet and kind to everybody. i'm very sweet, and I'm very generous, they take advantage. - ah! - What! - yeah, nice to see you. - I'm not intimidated by kyle. she's all bark. it's a very obnoxious, loud bark, - this is, like, a gorgeous dress. - this is real. - Oh, you found the shoes. - yes! - You found them. - I found the textured ones that you love. - I love them. - Look who's here! - hi! - Wow! [laughing] - hey, buddy. - ah...ha! - Wow! [chatter overlaps] - that's brilliant. - who are you? i had to take a double take when cedric walked in. and I really thought there was a strange person, like, crashing our party. i mean, the whole thing was hysterical. - cedric... Let's see your arms. check out those guns. - [silent laughing] - cedric, you and I are like twins tonight. - right. we could do the, uh-- - this looks like you every day-- dapper and well put together. [giggles] - so how you doin', man? - I'm good. You? - you having a good time? - I'm great, you? [glass shatters distantly] - have you met my boyfriend? - oh, you two look amazing together! - mm! [giggles] - I don't fancy it at all! [all laughing] - cedric's dream come true. [all laughing] - hi, camille. - You look so handsome. - well, I tried hard. this keychain is my grandfather's. - oh, is it? - And it's actually from 1922. so I'm like, I have to wear it tonight. - typical mauricio. forgets everything that's happened, and walks up to camille and says, "hey, how are you?" and gives a big kiss. that's how he is. letting everything roll off his shoulder. - let me show you this. my other grandfather gave me this. and this is from-- I think, like, '29 or '30. - '29 or '30. - so you have real pieces. - how cool is that? - Crazy. - I would like to think that we can be friendly. i just can't tell. - coming up... - camille. i really just wanna go over and say hi and get this over with. - you know what, it's gr-- It's better like that. look at you. My god. everybody has, like, real dresses and mine's, like, from a costume shop. camille... i really just wanna go over and say hi and get this over with. did you meet justin? - Hi. - justin. - Hi, it's nice to meet you. - do the charleston? I'll teach you some dances. i bet he can dance. - Oh, my gosh. - camille and I just sort of said to each other "how are you?" "it's good to see you." and...you know, kind of small talk. - I love this outfit, it's brilliant. and...you know, kind of small talk. - I don't know what I'd do without him. - I love having those people in my life too. - [chuckles] - I just wanna give you a hug. can I give you a hug? i always take the high road. I try. i mean, you know, try as I may. but I always take the high road. that's my motto here. - I swear to god, every time I see you-- i'm not just saying this-- i always think "i love you, you're so sweet," and I don't know what happens. - and then we get into it, and we're like ah! and she's ah! - I'm serious. you know, some people have, like, a connection... - yes. - And other people have, like-- i don't know what it is, because every time i feel like that, and then I don't know what happens. - I know, and with us we get close, and then something happens, and then... - I know, I know. - And then--I know. - let's get past it. the way we spoke to each other and the things that we said, i think that we were both trying to put this behind us and move on. i know that I've said this to you before, that eventually you'll get to know me and understand... - I guess I don't understand it. - all right. now are you two getting along? - yes, we are. - Because I brought back-up. - [laughing] - it's just been a misunderstanding. - yes. - We got a bad start. i mean, if we were, like, being set up, we would never go on a date again. - no, I know. I know. - but since we're not on a date, we can give it another shot. - but since we're not on a date, - oh, absolutely. - [Chuckles] - we need to, like, figure out a way to start from scratch. - oh, yeah, absolutely. I would love to start. - me too, I really mean that. - even from this night on, I wanna put it all behind us. - me too. - Aw, yay! - good, good, good, good. - Good, good. - I don't want no trouble tonight, okay? - no trouble, I promise. - I want you to know... camille and kyle made up. - Okay, that's good. we can move on. - Wait... - tonight they said "for sure, it's behind us." and uh, here's to that. - Yeah, cheers. - no more sleepless nights. sir. - well, we'll see, won't we? i mean, we said that last time so we'll see where this one goes. camille and kyle, they hug and they kiss, like nothing has happened. so is this over and done with? i wouldn't put my money on it. i don't think there's a smooth road ahead. - next time on the real housewives of beverly hills... - he's been with us over a year. - you're ruining my nice, pleasant afternoon cutting roses. - a year is enough. [upbeat latin music] - what is this? a book. how to behave and why. [laughter] [overlapping chatter] - [screams] [laughter] - paybacks are a... you're gonna have a fat lip. - to learn more about the housewives, OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 