The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills 
 s1e4 - It's My Party and I'll Spend if I Want To - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - It's My Party and I'll Spend if I Want To - full transcript 
 After spending $50,000 on an over-the-top tea party, to celebrate her daughter Kennedy's fourth birthday, Taylor is upstaged by her husband who brings in an even bigger birthday present. Meanwhile, Camille discusses her marriage while relaxing in her Hawaii home and Lisa receives a heartwarming birthday surprise. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [music playing] announcer: previously on "the real housewives of beverly hills." I've been looking for a bigger home for months, but right now I'm really under the gun. sometimes I think-- [sighs] --I just can't do this anymore with her. you have a house. you have a husband. you know where you're going to live. i don't. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and by the way, I thank you all the time. why don't you just do it on your own? [slamming] this is it. leaving the family is never easy. be safe. she said why would anybody be interested in you without kelsey there? to me, that's such a low blow. taylor: russell drives the bus in this relationship. there's no blurring that issue. let's get some food. taylor: when he says it's time to go, it's generally time to go. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [theme music] taylor: it may look like I have it all, but I want more. lisa: in beverly hills, it's who you know, and I know everyone. adrienne: money is what I have, not who I am. kim: I was a child star, but now my most important role is being a mother. kyle: in a town full of phonies, i'm not afraid to be me. camille: it's time for me to come out of my husband's shadow and shine. [upbeat electronic music] taylor: my daughter's going to be turning four on her birthday, and it's always fun for me to give her birthday parties. [buzzing] apparently four years old is the age that I think a little girl should get her first special piece of jewellery. hey, guys. hi, honey. hi. thank you for coming to the poker tournament. and I heard you were a big winner. had so much fun. it was a gas. i had no idea. yeah, I didn't either. you know, kennedy's birthday is coming up. absolutely. yeah. so it's time, I think, to get her some diamonds or something special. yeah, her first diamond, something big, and gorgeous, and special. well, come on. let's take a look. taylor: layna and alan friedman design custom jewellery for people like queen latifah, jessica simpson, paris hilton, you name it. they've been my jewellers for over five years. what would be more appropriate than the barbie collection? taylor: oh my gosh. they didn't have this when I was a little girl. i was raised an only child, and I hadn't been around young children before. so motherhood for me has been such a brand new concept. i like it all. i mean, the pieces are barbie's silhouette. alan: aren't they pretty? they're just amazing. these are going to be timeless. layna: this is the 18-karat yellow gold with a little diamond ponytail. [chimes sparkling] taylor: oh. layna: yellow sapphire, which would look gorgeous on you. you know, more is better. that's right. what is this? are these just white diamonds with a rose gold background? layna: cognac diamonds. [chimes sparkling] we designed it with mother and daughter in mind. oh, great. so you can have matching pieces. she has a sapphire. you have a diamond. she has the diamond. you have the cognac diamond. and also excellent gifts for the little girls at the party. oh, that's a great idea. layna: oh, absolutely. yeah, that would be amazing. they all need a special gift. my parents always gave me amazing birthday parties growing up, and I remember every one of them. but they were nothing like the one I'm throwing for kennedy. how many girls? probably 25. ok. all right, so I think we're good then. so 25 for the little girls. [chimes sparkling] layna: and then the 18 pink sapphire for kennedy. [chimes sparkling] taylor: mhm. layna: and then the yellow for you. [chimes sparkling] russell's going to be thrilled. yes, of course he is. [chimes sparkling] i'm going to send him by for you to inform him of our decision. absolutely. every little girl needs a big, gorgeous diamond for her fourth birthday. yeah. layna: I can't wait to see her party. taylor: we're going to have a good time. [upbeat music] lisa: all right. dinner's in five minutes. jason: [inaudible] i'm going to carve this beautiful filet mignon. i absolutely love it when my chickens come home. when they're at home, I feel complete. so tell me about the weekend. Jason: you want to just drink? pandora: it was really fantastic. i'm helping lily plan her wedding. lisa: oh, really? - It's next august. lisa: what about planning somebody else's wedding? [laughter] don't worry, love. Jason: it's coming soon. it's coming soon. Don't worry. lisa: well, it's not soon enough. i think you're too young to get married. oh, how can you say that? pandora: how can you say that? she's four years-- four years older than I was when we got married. you were far too young to get married. now finally after all this time you admit it? yes. [laughter] lisa: ok, roast potatoes, english style. well, I own two fabulous restaurants, but I think my absolute favourite is my family at home and cooking for them. but that job seems to have dwindled lately. i hate the fact that I don't have anybody to cook for now. now my nest is empty, and that's-- that's hard. Cedric: well, you've got me. i'm in your nest. jason: you've got cedric. exactly. that's my struggle. [laughter] i'm a big tick. lisa: that's a problem. oh, and if anything, I bother you too much. i call you like five times a day. you call me three times a day. i'm very proud of pandora. she was valedictorian at school, a double major at pepperdine. and she's really got her head screwed on. i got an email from max. i'll read it to you in a minute. ken: was he asking for money? [laughter] [inaudible] money. pandora: pikachu. [inaudible] ken: he's pretty good about money. we've got to decide where he's going to school. my son, max, is 18. i adopted him when he was six weeks old. we already had pandora, who's biological. we wanted to adopt many children, but then we got busy with work. and we had two, and we kind of stopped at that. he's been planted in a family of high achievers, and sometimes he's struggled with that. he realises now that being lazy for a year or two has had its consequences, you know. max wasn't doing what he was supposed to be doing. i used to drop him off at school every day, and I found out that he was leaving his class and hanging out with kids that were smoking pot. so we decided to send max to a school in idaho to stay with his godmother for his final year. and when I sent him away, I'm like a duck. i'm calm on the top, but I paddle like mad underneath. and I kissed him goodbye. and a week later, I got shingles. i Miss max. when is he coming back? lisa: he's going to graduate this summer. now he wants to go to this, you know, musicians institute. on hollywood boulevard. it's very easy to fall into the wrong crowd, you know. but you might have to trust him that he's capable of making the right decisions now. i mean-- lisa: I'm worried. i'm looking at other options because i feel hollywood is very toxic, but I'm very nervous about it. [upbeat music] [children shouting] hey, bernie. hey. are those almost ready? bernie: about 15 minutes. Adrienne: ok. i'm going to play some ball with the kids, and then-- ok. Adrienne: --we'll be over. motherhood has changed me drastically. and I went from a very independent woman-- worked hard, enjoyed my single life. the minute I had children, that changed. sit down. i'm going to chase you. adrienne: my oldest son's name is gavin. he's six. i have twins that are four, christian and collin. one-- whoa. hey, hey. collin! i run multi-million dollar businesses, but the hardest job in the world is being a mum. christian. i want orange juice. ok. collin-- christian-- collin-- i'll give you-- i want chocolate milk. christian. ok, I'll get you water. no. i do have help. i have a part-time nanny, housekeeper, and a chef. i have a chef because I can't cook, and I wouldn't want to do that to my children. i love them too much and my husband. do you want ketchup? do you want ketchup with that? do you want ketchup? lisa: ok. christian, behave. my husband and i, our parenting skills are very different. i'm a little bit easier going. it's a little trying when he gets home from a long day at work. you know, it's hard for him to turn it off. i want chocolate. christian, stop. christian: chocolate. lisa: sometimes with kids and they're upset, it gets a little trying for him. i have a little bit more patience. i know which one you want. [whining] out. christian. collin! [upbeat music] ok, great. we have to go over that 'cause it's a little crazy. i'm going to hawaii for spring break with my kids. and I'm bringing my daughter, mason. my son, jude, is coming. i have two nannies coming. my house manager, nicole, will be there. my girlfriend, deidre, who's my best friend, she'll be there visiting. by the way, tell rafael thank you for picking the fruit. i just love when the fruit's out on the table like this. nicole: beautiful. there's a lot of work and planning that goes into a trip to hawaii-- ok, um-- --packing, calling the house manager, making sure everything in the house is working. and that's it. what time is our flight in? 8:00 am. that means I have to get up early. [laughs] [inaudible] the car will come early enough for us. ok. when does deidre arrive? on the 6th. so I can go pick her up at the airport. ok. ok, that's great. wow, there's just so much. i wish kelsey was here. you going to do it. - there's so much to do. - Don't worry. i know. I know. when kelsey's not around, it's basically twice as much work. it falls on my shoulders. we have a car service for us. and then we've got the rental cars at the house delivered, ready to go, a mustang and an suv. ok, great. in terms of food-- i sent her a list, but I also want to go when I get there because I want to cook up everything. all of us have things going on in our lives. all the women have very busy lives, and they're very important what they do. but it just seems like I just have that 30% more. i was just thinking about the pool in hawaii. are we having it heated? your hot tub will be heated. yay, great. we're not going to heat kelsey's hot tub? - no. - No. ok, because it's just a waste. thank you so much for all your help. nicole: you are welcome, camille. thank you. because I couldn't do this alone without you. nicole: it's a trip to hawaii. You can do it. i have good help, and that's-- that's so important. so there you go. [laughs] announcer: coming up-- pandora: I have a huge present for you. lisa: I'll open it later. pandora: trust me, you're going to want this present. [laughter] [upbeat music] taylor: these are unbelievable. dana: I know. are these made out of flowers? yeah, everything's from fresh flowers. so we're going to do a bunch of different teapots and tea cups for you. taylor: for kennedy's fourth birthday, i'm doing a mad hatter tea theme. i want the tables to be jam packed and for everyone to feel like this is a super elegant event. even though it's a kids event, I want it to be our scale-- lilit: sure. --and really ladylike and gorgeous, so. i'll be inviting about 25 little girls and 35 ladies. so the little girls' table is-- dana, remind me. i mean, these tables are long so I just want to make sure. i want a lot. i have a friend dana wilkey, who does a lot of big events here in town, things like the oscars, grammy parties. so dana's the perfect person to help me organise this party. and I think the colour scheme is going to work really well. taylor: it's going to be held at the houdini estate. it's a very magical place. we're going to do something really cool with this. we're going to make it look really magical so it's like floating in the air and pouring flowers into the teacup there. I've invited all my friends. unfortunately kyle's not going to be able to make it because her daughter's having a birthday party on the same day. so it's like we've got duelling parties. [upbeat music] i was thinking princess party, go classic. everybody's doing "alice in wonderland" these days. at one point, taylor had suggested that we combine the parties of our daughters, but i am a little bit of a control freak about what I do. so I thought it wouldn't be such a good idea. as far as the food goes, you know, we're going to make it very friendly for adults. wait, what about the kids? [laughs] don't forget about the kids, the most important part. ok, for the kids mainly they'll have the chicken skewers, the mac and cheese. right. we're going to do like a french fry station-- love that. french fries and onion rings made to order. - love that. - It's going to be great. [music playing] taylor: these are gorgeous. i know that red velvet, they can do it in a pink version, which could be kind of cute. oh, are you kidding me? that has to happen. the food for the party is going to be standard tea service, high tea, so sandwiches, and scones, and little mini desserts. mm. dana: and these are the chocolates for the little girls. Taylor: be sure you leave these. dana: [laughs] taylor: mm. will do. Taylor: these turned out cute. dana: this is my favourite. taylor: this is for the little girls' table. and then we'll just do a blend for the ladies. even I know kennedy's going to enjoy it, she's going to have a blast, I want to do something fun for the grown-ups too because they deserve it. they had these children. it's really good though. [laughter] do we want an adult area? do we want the kid area? kyle: you know, I like everybody to be together. ok. beverages-- like alcohol? are we going to do alcohol? i don't generally like to have alcohol at kids' parties. ok. no drunken mommies and daddies at my daughter's birthday. [laughs] you got it. and then champagne glasses because i want to have like an elegant toast in the beginning. yes. taylor: so that's good, right? i like the idea of putting the jumper over here. ok. and then what about the ride? oh, we're doing a choo-choo train? we'll do a train ride back by the slide. do you think the ride would be better there and the zoo there? because the animals should be in the shade. i think it's a great idea. i think kids' parties in beverly hills have really gotten out of control. i guess it is competitive. they're definitely not your typical kids' parties. typical for beverly hills, yes. as many of those as you can get. ok, that's fine. and then we need enough for every four girls to have their own service piece. george: ok. a good-sized party at a location and a band, food, it could be-- they run around maybe $50,000. would it be possible-- i know we're really close to the event, but I'm sort of envisioning chandeliers. [music playing] camille: can't say enough good things about hawaii. hawaii smells good. it feels good. whoa, this is going to-- This might cut open our feet. in beverly hills, I'm just so busy all the time. i run, like, several different homes. you know, I've got big obligations. so I need to spend some time alone relaxing in hawaii. it's like my spiritual refuge. [laughs] i stay north of kona in a private community that we have a home in. the house is lovely. it's got a giant courtyard. i have seven bedrooms. i have a big outdoor lanai area that overlooks a pool and a jacuzzi. we really enjoy ourselves there. it's a fantastic place for your family. dd: how are you doing? how's it been, like, not having kelsey around? the first week it was nice because I could sleep at night, and I got some rest. dd: I know, right? [laughs] dd: hence the two bedrooms here. hence the two bedrooms, yeah. we have two master suites in this house, so when he snores he can go in the next room. Dd: I know. it's such a good idea. I love that. me too. no. it's just been-- it's-- It's hard at times, but also it's very empowering. i feel empowered by this. i mean, this is the first time I've been away from him for a really long time. i mean, it's a long time. Dd: I know. it's kind of good. - And it's going to be longer. it's going to be several months. but this is really good for you though. it's good for you to have your own time to make the decisions and be forced, actually, to take control of everything. camille: take charge. to take charge. it's been all about him for a really long time, which is fine. there's nothing wrong with that. but-- camille: when I first met kelsey, he just got out of rehab. and I moved in, and I basically dedicated my life to his sobriety. yeah. no, it's good for you. it makes you feel stronger. no, it has. because when I was single and living in new york, you know-- you lived in new york. i'm going to tell you something about this girl. camille was the girl who when we all were friends in new york, she was just a go-getter. you kind of lost that. i lost my sense of self because I was taking care of somebody else for so long. mhm. camille: I gave up a lot of my needs and what I wanted to do with life. i kept him sober for, what, 12 years? [upbeat music] well, it's my birthday. i don't want to create a big fuss. we're just going to have a nice lunch. oh. i love you. you look beautiful. oh, thank you, darling. only 50% of my brood are here, but it's going to be nice anyway. here you go, mother. lisa: what's this? oh, sweet. oh, look. that's sweet. cedric: look how young ken was. [laughter] pandora: I have a huge present for you. lisa: I'll open it later. pandora: no, trust me. you're going to want this present. ken: oh! [laughter] cedric: surprise, surprise. i love you. i can't believe that they brought max in to see me. it just absolutely made everything complete. let me look at you. hey, cedric. cedric: yay, max is home. I've always had a very special relationship with max. i love that boy. oh, look at you, my beautiful boy. ok, sit down. here, sit here. you look great. hi, cedric. you're going to ruin the makeup. i don't think mothering has anything to do with biology. pandora: doesn't he look amazing? he looks great. sit up straight though. he knows I love him no differently than if he had been born from me. how long are you here for? until wednesday. ken: oh, you know what we're doing on wednesday? yeah. we're going to mi to do a tour or something like that. yeah. ok. pandora: daddy's-- daddy and I have been organising this. when max graduates, he wants to go to the musicians institute in hollywood. ken: he's always wanted to go there. he's got an interview. they're going to show us around and explain the school to us. los angeles, musicians, and all the kind of problems that that entails is back into this environment. we'll go and check it out with him, but I'm very nervous about it. did you bring the guitar home that you made? oh, yeah, I did. lisa: you did? i really want to see that. max has only been playing the guitar a couple of years. and I'm happy for him because academics have been a struggle. he got an a plus for this. pandora: look at this. he made it. oh my god. ken: you made that? yeah. that's incredible, max. pandora: he made it from scratch. ken: you should take that on wednesday to the music-- you should take it with you. yeah, you should. i know. i mean, that really is. you can be kind of-- underplay it, but absolutely yes, amazing achievement. yes, you do. come on. have confidence in yourself. pandora: it's amazing. you know what his first words were? pandora: I can't. i can't. i'm like, yes, you can. pandora: and he obviously can. i love you, max. that's all you have to say. i love you too. all right. ok. i'm going to cry again. announcer: coming up-- awesome. ok. looking good, baby. - well, thanks. - Looking good. - thank you. - Thank you. what a lucky man I am. [upbeat music] [laughs] want some help? ok. [laughs] I think I can handle this on my own. awesome. ok. looking good, baby. oh, thank you, carl. amelia looks great. oh, thanks. really good. so do you, d. - Oh, thanks. - looking good. - Thank you. thank you. what a lucky man I am. i'm just going to have people come around that just kiss my ass and tell me how wonderful I am. please, more, more. Carl: but you are wonderful. camille: yeah, just tell me how great I am. you're beautiful. Camille: I'll take it. keep going. and you're hot. Camille: yeah, keep going. i want more. - And you're great to be around. i don't get enough. i'm alone most of the time. you're good eye candy. it's great having great buddies like you, I'll tell you. thanks. there's nothing better. i think I've helped everybody out in this hot tub. you have. kelsey and I are very generous people. my girlfriend dd's husband was out of work for a while, so we had moved her and her family into one of our homes here in la and gave her one of our cars. i have this jesus complex, I think. i have this need that I want to help people. for me to give back, that's what feeds my soul. that's what makes me feel good as a person. i mean, I live for that. that completes me. it's amazing how you and kelsey have been just great-- yeah, you guys are generous. --great buds. total generous, generosity. i love that. that's what makes me feel happy. i mean, god's blessed me with so much. [upbeat music] i feel hollywood is very toxic. and I just want max to be away from that. we've lived in the english countryside and france, and it was very different for him. maybe I've made a mistake bringing him to los angeles. what's up? Nice to meet you. paul. - Max. all right, nice to meet you. hey, paul. i'm ken, max's father. - pleasure. - Hi. lisa. lisa, nice to meet you. let's just take a look around, cool? ok. All right. - ok, great. - Let's go this way. great. how big is this school exactly? how many students? we got about 1,200 students currently. 1,200? basically the building's open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. are you serious? yeah. so students will have access to the rooms and access to the equipment and recording labs outside of class. that's how you really get good is by putting in the time. these are all the drum labs. students have access to this stuff around the clock. [drums playing] student: 2, 3. [music playing] thank you. [drums playing] people are here-- the students that are coming here are coming from very far away. yeah. they're all like-minded. they all have a passion for music and the entertainment business as a whole. do they all live kind of near-- i mean, I know there's no campus, so they live in kind of lodgings around-- yeah. basically we have a housing coordinator, a roommate referral service to assist in matching students up with roommates. do you have, like, a problem with drugs and everything? because that's what worries me, is being in, you know, hollywood. no, I understand. you know, basically we have a zero tolerance policy for drugs and alcohol. the school's got 24/7 security at all entrances. it's really zero tolerance for riffraff. [cymbals crashing] and remember, this is just the main building. i'm only showing you the main building today. i got to show you our concert hall in here. i refer to it sometimes as the biggest classroom. this is unbelievable. max: wow. maybe you would let him kind of play the guitar with you. sure. at least paul would have a rough idea of where you're at. - all right. - Ok. you can have a seat on the stage right there. let's hear a little groove real quick. max: uh, I don't really have a lot, so. keep that up. just keep holding that down. [guitar playing] he's got good time, you know. he's got good rhythm. his hands are ready. you know, basically he's got the motor skills to get accepted. this place is going to challenge you. right, yeah. paul: you know, if you're up for that and you're ready to do the work that you're supposed to do, he can really, really develop himself into a consummate professional here. but you got to do your part. max: yeah. lisa: the school was incredible. it's much more impressive than I thought. max's choice to play the guitar, it's worrying. but I fulfilled my passion as a young teenager as an actress, and I went to drama school. if I see he's really committed, then i will absolutely support him. so max, you're going to Miss me. not at all. yes, you are. you pretend you don't Miss me. i know you Miss me madly. i have to give him his chance in life and follow his dreams. i love you. love you too. so I'm there. he might slip off again, but i'm there to put him back on. i'm glad you came home. and it was very nice of you to surprise me. i know. [upbeat music] oh my gosh, it's so cold out here. i want to get in and light the fire too. oh, I forgot firewood. no, you didn't. she forgot firewood. it took me some time, a little stress involved, but I finally found the house. and I love it. really? oh my gosh. this whole space, empty. i know my sister got a little frustrated with me at times during my house search. first, you told me that you want to be closer to me and all of us. - I do. and then you're telling me that it's too far from kimberly's school. i cannot keep looking like this. even though kyle doubts me at times, i am really capable of making my own decisions for myself and my children. it's still saying off, and it's not being warm. oh, I know why. i didn't set a temperature. where's my glasses? i didn't turn the temperature to any specific-- yeah, you did. i did? what'd I turn it to? oh, here. brooke: because-- kim: no. where does it say temperature? kimberly: there. let me do it. it says it at the top. kim: oh, right. how do you go up with it? see? yeah, but it still says off. [laughs] yeah, that's going to reset. ok. and now we're going to go to-- kim: enter maybe. can you call like 411 for this? [upbeat music] portia, let me see. are you the birthday girl? let me see your hat. you want to put it on? i'm going to make the baby a sandwich really quick. portia? i torture myself with these things. i always say I'm not going to stress. it's just a kids' party. relax. but I will lose sleep over this. [phone ringing] i need help. [music playing] kim (on phone): hello? kim? can you hear me? it's going fine, but is there any way you can get here earlier? you're moving in today? i need an extra pair of hands. i can't do this all by myself. portia: [whimpers] you're talking too fast and too loud. how am I supposed to understand you? you sound like-- [gibberish] that's what you sound like. [doorbell rings] i got to go. I got to go. love you. Bye. hi. my name is benjamin. i'm with zebra entertainment. I've got a tiny tot train to deliver. that's us. Perfect. - all right. - Yay. [music playing] see my little girls here somewhere. it's looking beautiful. my vision is becoming a reality. i'm so happy. dwight is someone that I can't imagine living without. and he's always there for me. it's funny about taylor. she can do no wrong in my eyes. but she is such a good hands-on mother. [gasps] look at these. i love them. thank you so much. you're welcome. look at this one. [gasps] oh my gosh. those really are unbelievable. thank you. [inaudible] they're so great. i don't even-- i can't figure it out. they're an optical illusion. [chimes sparkling] i'm excited for kennedy to see how beautiful the setup is and for all of her little friends to arrive, and to get to have some fun and celebrate kennedy turning four. hi, baby. come here. look at your party. hi. do you love your birthday? look at all of this for you. can you believe it? yeah, do you love it? she was definitely a little overwhelmed. come and look at all your flower arrangements and all this pretty stuff that they made for you. you do? ok. will you take some pictures with mommy first? it's just grey. look, you know grey. remember grey? i wanted the photographer to be there so that I could get some pictures with my daughter. will you take one picture? will you stay right here? please? no. ok, ok. in a little while. ok. you want to go with nana? best laid plans when you're dealing with small children. you look beautiful. of course, still took the opportunity to get some pictures taken. [upbeat music] [laughs] grey: oh my god. i love it. [laughs] love it. taylor: [laughs] grey: oh my god. [creaking] announcer: coming up-- happy birthday to kennedy, if we can ever find the kids again. [laughter] i actually thought, whatever happened to pin the tail on the donkey? yay! [clapping] [music playing] i love exercising, but I like to do things that are outdoors. here we go. [upbeat music] paddleboarding is freeing. it's like therapy. you go out there on the ocean, you forget everything else, and you're just in the moment. and you're doing an activity that's empowering. [music playing] it's a full body workout-- Core, shoulders, back. dd: whoo! i feel like a hamburger. you should eat a hamburger. a big, big hamburger. that was a major workout. [upbeat music] mauricio: what animals do we have in here? man: we have an alpaca. what's an alpaca? man: it's like a-- [inaudible] man: --like a llama. huh? oh. [laughs] that thing is awesome, dude. and these donkeys. are they going to [bleep] all over my yard? hey, look. i love kids' birthday parties. it's one of my favourite things. it gives me a chance to be a kid again myself and see all my friends, that our lives are now so hectic that we don't get to spend that much time together because of all of our kids. my sister, kim, of course, will be here. lisa's coming. taylor can't make it because she had her daughter's birthday the same day. and adrienne will be going to that party. oh, I know. mwah, mwah. maybe a little bit less in the glasses for the little ones. they're like-- [laughs] can you guys take, like, all the moms some liquor? - honey, how are you? - Hey. good, how are you? - Good to see you. you look beautiful. Good. thank you. lisa's going to stop by for a little time. she also has kyle's daughter's birthday party to attend, so I understand that she's going to try to make the round. oh, this is cute. thank you. so where's your daughter? i was blown away. it was over the top and decadent. [music playing] did I do that for my children? no. they were brought up in the english countryside. i think they had a spotted dog show up once. i think that was the highlight of their parties. i actually thought, whatever happened to pin the tail on the donkey? taylor: can you say hi to lisa? - Oh, hello. what's the matter? - Oh, she's mad. [laughs] what's she mad at? well, you are at the mad hatter's tea party, I suppose. what's the matter? it's not a good day? taylor: doesn't lisa talk funny? no. taylor talks funny. talk english, right? for me, I get more reward out of doing something lavish for my daughter than for myself. you know, I'm sure lisa would go buy 20 pairs of shoes for herself. i'd rather throw a huge party for my daughter. that's just how I am. they just never cooperate, do they, the little ones? no. never [inaudible]. kim: kennedy! taylor: ok, come on. oh, hi. you're gorgeous. gosh, you look gorgeous. you're beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. taylor is used to entertaining, so she's a really-- she's a fabulous hostess. of course, sometimes I think the parties for the kids are geared more for the adults. i'm trying the queen of hearts. can you put some more champagne in it? hey there. you're throwing a good party today. - yeah. - This is nice. thank you. business must be good. i had very little to do with this, by the way. that's fantastic. you know, russell and I have never really connected on a personal level. you know, we're at a lot of social events together, and we talk mostly about business. he's definitely a tough one to get to know. i'm just writing the check. [laughs] that's all right. the most important guy here. looks like it's going to be a big one too. absolutely, very large, very large. i'm starving. can we eat, babe. just eat, russell. stop asking [inaudible]. i'll do it myself. honey, whatever you want. tell people to sit. honey, yes. are you hungry? yeah, you know. ok. it's time to-- taylor: whenever they're ready to eat, eat. time to eat. russell spent more time at the party than I actually had expected him to. how are you doing, man? taylor: russell's such a guy's guy. hanging out with a bunch of women at a tea party is the last thing that he would want to do. kim: we're going to have a toast. so I'd like to say thank you to all of you for coming to celebrate the day that my daughter was born and how much it means to me that she's a part of my life, and also to celebrate the friendship that we all have and the children that you each have individually. so thank you so much for coming. happy birthday to kennedy, if we can ever find the kids again. [laughter] woman: here's to-- here's to the mommy that gave birth so that we could have this party. and congratulations to all of you for being parents. it's the hardest job in the world. here's to a small party. woman: oh, yeah, right? my philosophy on doing elaborate parties for my children is I think to do it every year is absolutely foolish. [music playing] - you're going to leave me? - Yes. now I'm scared that you're leaving me. she asked us to be early, and we're running behind. kyle: I had asked kim to come help me with portia's party, and she came late. hey, guys. [inaudible] hi. sorry I'm late. oh well. [laughs] all right, ready? 1, 2, 3. mwah. kyle is an amazing mum. she's just got maternal instincts from birth. portia, portia, portia, portia. almost. Come here. there it is. got it. thank you. we're a really tight family. and 3. kyle: portia! choo-choo. your grandma's here. estella: how are you, sweetie? when I went to portia's birthday, i felt more like I was going home. [laughs] lisa: hey, darling. hi, lisa. come on in. we're going to do this again. do it right. we're going to do it right. the good witch and the bad witch. [laughter] this is not right. oh, that's so sweet. hi. how are you? how could you be the bad witch? it should be [inaudible]. how are you? i think kim is the bad witch. i'm the bad witch? i'm the good witch-- whatever, some kind of a witch. [kids shouting] kid: hey, bunny, bunny. i don't ask kim for help that often. and I understand she was moving, but I wish she could have been there to help me. Lisa: is she-- kim: I'm never late. is she always late? we had lunch at my house, an hour and a half late. i usually am very prompt. we discussed it a while ago, and I explained to her that we were moving into the new house. kyle: what time did you get here today? i was a little-- you're like in your own-- yes. you're like in your own time zone. i'm moving today. thank you. i'm moving. lisa: what kind of an excuse is that? blah, blah, blah, blah. what does this mean, blah, blah, blah, blah? sisters have disagreements. i don't think they fight as much as we have disagreements at times. whoo! [inaudible] hold them? here, you want to go do your birthday cake? let's sing happy to you. even though portia is only two and won't really remember this birthday party, you know, we all will. and this was a family event. we're all celebrating her birthday. mauricio: [singing in spanish] kyle: I asked mauricio to please sing happy birthday in spanish. he grew up in mexico, and they always sing happy birthday in spanish. and tradition is very important to me. [singing in spanish] yay! make a wish. blow. 1, 2, 3. make a wish. blow, blow. yay! yay. give her a little bite. kyle: yay. honey, give her a little frosting with your fingers. you want a little frosting? yay. yum. [laughter] you're not just a little bit jealous to do it all over again? i feel very, very similar to kyle. the passion she has for her children, i was exactly the same. and I Miss it. kyle: how about this? oh, frosting in the hair. let's balance, like half and half. singer: kennedy, we have a song for you that we wrote for your birthday. [music playing] woman: oh, you're so pretty. peekaboo. this song's for you, baby. singer: (singing) kennedy. look, they're singing to you, baby. i think kennedy was a little overwhelmed when the band played her theme song. i think she was a little embarrassed to have all eyes on her. (singing) beautiful just like your mum. russell: yay. i think when she gets older, it'll be really fun that she had her own little signature song. singer: (singing) kennedy. announcer: coming up-- what is it? [gasps] oh my gosh. russell. [upbeat music] russell: grab a seat. taylor: ok. let's all grab a seat apparently. russell: I'll get the present. ok. he's going to bring your-- oh, wait. russell? russell, wait one minute. i have other-- another gift for her first. when I was young, my grandmother gave me a diamond ring. ready? let's open it. it's something I've remembered my entire life, and it's something I wanted to do for kennedy. [gasps] barbie necklace. woman: why doesn't she wear it? taylor: she's going to. here. that's so pretty, isn't it? look. russell: ok. these are adjustable. baby, come get your gift. and then right in the middle of it all, here comes russell with his gift. russell: what is that, baby? taylor: the box looked so big and heavy, i thought it was a dollhouse. but I didn't know because russell didn't tell me about it. what is it? [gasps] oh my gosh. russell. [clapping] when I saw the puppy, I was stunned. we had talked about this, and we had agreed no dog. russell: I told taylor. i said, I'm going to get kennedy a puppy for her birthday. and she said, no, you're not. no way. i said, yes, I am. [laughter] oh, a dog. but he works all the time, so it's a convenient gift. give the dog and go back to work. woman: exactly. taylor and I have known each other for so very long. and I know what upsets taylor and what doesn't upset taylor. russell's russell. he wanted a dog. and, you know, he just did what he wanted to do. should I clean up now or-- yeah, [inaudible]. right. no, you go get your dog. the whole dog thing at the birthday party was such a shock to me. i didn't even really have time to react to that versus the necklace. i wanted it to be a big deal for her to get this piece of jewellery, and it was definitely overshadowed by the dog. did you have a good time, honey? yeah. and I loved the puppy. announcer: next time on "the real housewives of beverly hills--" camille: I have a trip planned for all the ladies to go to new york for kelsey's big opening of "la cage aux folles." kyle: this weekend will be the first time i have seen camille since we had a little incident in vegas. camille: she said, why would anybody be interested in you? kelsey's not there. you said it to me. i would never say something like that. i don't know why you just can't cop to it. you're such a [bleep] liar, camille. announcer: to learn more about the housewives, [clanking and pounding] [music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 