The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills 
 s1e6 - The Art of War - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Art of War - full transcript 
 Still in New York, the women are all reeling over the past evening's meltdown and Kim continues to add fuel to the fire by refusing to stand up for her sister. It's the day of Kelsey's ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - previously, on the real housewives of beverly hills... - I gotta go. my mom's brother just died, my uncle. - can I get a little sugar? - Yeah. - I have a trip planned for all the ladies to go to new york for kelsey's big opening of la cage aux folles. let's put this in the past. Let's move on. it was just a misunderstanding. - I'm glad we cleared it up. i don't think that you think that! - you said it to me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - that's such bull[bleep], camille. - the person that remains in control is the one that wins. she lost her cool. Sorry, kyle, you lose. - it may look like I have it all, but I want more. - in beverly hills, it's who you know, and I know everyone. - money is what I have, not who I am. - I was a child star, but now my most important role is being a mother. - in a town full of phonies, i'm not afraid to be me. - it's time for me to come out of my husband's shadow 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and shine. - I'm a little confused. - yeah, me too. That's what I wanna say. - I just didn't know why you think I'm so insecure. you said it. I didn't say it. - you twist everything. I don't know. - I'm not twisting anything. i'm just-- I'm not twisting anything. - when I left camille upstairs, and taylor, everything was hunky-dory. and then suddenly she comes down-- her feelings went from there to there. she changed 180 degrees. the conversation you guys had in the room went okay. - yeah, but honestly, i'm gonna be honest about that conversation. i really feel that... I mean, i really did hear you say what you did. i mean, you keep telling me you didn't say that. i'm sorry. Sorry, kyle. - when I asked you about spring break, you thought I said no one was interested in you without kelsey. - That's exactly what you said. - you're such a [bleep] liar, camille! - I just-- I wouldn't make that up. - I believe that you think I said that. i believe that you heard that. But I never said that. - I don't lie. I don't lie. it's just not my personality. - well, then you hallucinate. you are scaring me. - I mean, you like snap and turn-- - you're the one that keeps saying the rudest things about me-- Keep going. i am not gonna allow them to bait me into any kind of argument. - my sister was sitting right there, camille, when that happened. she was there the entire time, sitting right there. she heard everything. - You did say it. - kim, you were sitting right there. - I don't think-- I'm--I get nervous. i think if I had opened my mouth, there's no telling which person would have taken it the right or wrong way. but I never heard my sister say why would anybody be interested in you without kelsey? - this is what I don't understand-- and say if you wanna go with the insecure story, i'm like--what-- It was out of left field. i don't even know what you guys said. - so nobody in this room has said anything about me being insecure other than-- - I did. [overlapping comments] - okay. Nobody else has-- - You did say that. - we had a conversation yesterday-- - you asked me. you asked me if she was insecure. - okay, so that's my whole point. - I think she was making-- Made her feel like she was insignificant without kelsey. - she's feeling insecure. - Yeah. - when you left after having a drink, then you came down to the bar and said about the insecure thing. and I'm like, where's that coming from? - did anybody at this table talk after we all left before we-- - I don't know. I don't know. - I know there was talk about it on the plane ride over. i know that for a fact. taylor had mentioned something to me. did you guys have a good plane ride over? - yeah. I was with taylor. - lisa's the one that was prompting taylor on the plane to say these things. like, "well, don't you think camille's insecure?" it was very machiavellic in its nature. - why would you say that? - I don't even know the conversation you guys had in the room. - I think I've taken enough abuse from these girls. now it's my time to exit. it's a blast, let me tell you. you guys have a good evening. I'm sorry about everything. i'm sorry you feel that way, kyle. okay, bye. - well, taylor, you're the one that said that. ha. I'm serious. - why would I ever say camille is insecure? don't--don't--do not [bleep] drag me into this, 'cause I guarantee you're barking up the wrong tree here. i didn't hear a single word of it. I've no knowledge of the fight between kyle and camille. - careful, taylor. - careful in what regard? i felt like kim was trying to put words in my mouth and get me to say something. but I wasn't even there. i didn't hear the conversation between camille and kyle. i'm about to take you out back and pull some oklahoma on your ass. do not upset me. i promise you. - oh, really? Don't piss me off. - okay. Well, bring it on, baby. - kim, stop. i just wanna eat and go home. - but I mean, what is she-- what is she starting with me for? - I don't know. - I'm not. i'm just saying... - You're not? well, it certainly seems like it to me. - I'm hating this. - hmm? - I'm just hating this. - no, come on. - that is ridic-- What can you say to someone who's saying something you never said? - don't get so upset, love. - honestly, she was making you look stupid. - she was trying to. - well, she was doing a good job. so you need to like stop pointing your finger and doing--and getting-- - Oh, no, come on. - please leave me alone. - She was defending herself. yeah, she was defending herself - and you were doing a real nice job too... being there for me. - you're taking this a little too far, okay? i don't know what you're doing right now, but it's not okay. - I was upset that kim didn't step up to the plate for her sister. she was the only person who'd been there. - you are not being my sister right now. - I don't feel like you have been either. - stop it. - What are you doing? you're acting like an idiot. - I don't wanna see it go any further. come on. - after the argument between camille and kyle, i just wanted to go home. i didn't have any desire to stay in new york. - okay, just tell me how does this thing work? - it's a hook. 'cause I did not want to leave my mom, and family's always first. - it's very hot in here. - okay, let me go get the kids and then, uh... get 'em in the car. - well, I know. Just let me put on my tie. - you're not-- - Well, you know I'm not ready. - it was such an important time for me, and my husband is diddle-daddling. hurry! Paul, come on. i don't wanna be late. - no, we're-- We're not gonna run late. - you ready? okay, I'm gonna get the kids in the car, 'cause you're running-- Running everybody late. - we're not late. Just give me one more minute. - paul and I bicker, but, you know, we've been married over eight years. at that point, what married couple does not bicker? - we've been bickering since, you know, the first night we met. - get in the car. no. We're going. colin, no, no, no, no. colin. Colin, we're going. no, we're going. christian, don't-- not inside the house! thank you, honey. All right. go with gavin. [car engine turns] [honks] - why is he honking? - we're not late. - Paul... - I didn't sleep at all. - Oh... - I was up all night. - Two, three hours. - I'm not sure if I'm gonna go to the premiere tonight or not. i don't think I'm wanted. That's for sure. - I feel like I've been shagged through a hedge backwards. - [laughing] well, you said shagged. - dragged. - I thought you said shagged! - maybe I did. - you've been shagged through a hedge. oh, my god. - Oh, kyle. - I needed to laugh. - We do need to laugh. can we just forget it now, seriously? let's just-- - But what am I supposed to do? hi! It's so good to see you tonight. you look gorgeous. I love your outfit! - we agree to differ. she'll probably make up-- Just say we agree to differ, and I'm coming to the play. it's your night tonight. and then we'll sort it out back in l.a. or you guys can sort it out back in l.a. - or I can just let you guys go, and I can do my own thing. - I think you need to be the bigger person. - I've never had a fight like that in my life. never in my life. i don't know what happened with kim too. that was so weird. - did you speak to her this morning? - no, I called her and she didn't pick up. i didn't leave a message. I've been up all night stressing about my fight with camille. but I love shopping, and lisa and I are meeting up with a designer who had made lisa something to wear to the premiere. - god, this is unbelievable. - Great to see you! - great to see you. - Christina makowsky is a designer, and I often have her make things for me. it's nice to know that you're wearing one of a kind. - look at this one. - That's so sweet, isn't it? look at these. - why am I even going to get a dress? - there she is. i think you look-- - Like it? - oh, my god! - that looks gorgeous. - Sweet, isn't it? - I love this. - I know, you-- - I really love this. i'm feeling like... Maybe I will go tonight. if I'm still wanted. i found this beautiful white lace corset. this little jacket that I thought was perfect, perfect outfit. but I had nowhere to go. i decided the best way to handle the situation with camille was just to call her and have a conversation with her, but I just have a pit in my stomach. hi, camille. It's kyle. i know that today's kelsey's big day. so if you don't want me to be there, I understand. i'm not a fighter. I hate fights. i just wanna make peace with camille and be done with this. i just wanted to, um, talk if we could before tonight. okay, if you could give me a call... if you don't wanna call, if you can give me a text, um, i would appreciate it. i hope you're doing okay today. take care. - coming up... - kim, you were there. You know I never would say-- and you didn't say anything. i gave you the opportunity and you said, "i don't want to get involved." i gave you the opportunity and you said, - come on. come on. Come on, let's go. come on, jiggy. you missing your mummy? Yes, you are. - ken when I'm away-- Well, that's a joke, because he's hardly ever been without me. - you gotta be a contortionist to get through here! oh! Come on. - I think he'll be running around like a chicken with his head cut off. he won't know where to go. what are you doing there? hopefully, he'll be behaving himself and not going back to his former wild ways which, trust me, they were wild ways. - that chlorine will kill you. i was a bit of a naughty boy, running wild. lisa came into my life and, uh, put me straight. - I was only 21 when we got married. but somebody said to me, "what were you before you got married, a bloody lion tamer?" [laughs] - [muttering] you're in... okay. Let's go get the others. come on, let's go get the others. i wear the pants, but lisa runs the household. i'm not even allowed to go to the fridge. [talking under breath] - for me, it was just hard, you know because, you know, like a lot of people aren't open there. and like I even know the world is changing. i was gay bashed in kentucky. It was awful! - how long have you lived here? - it's gonna be five years in november. - after I was attacked by my "so-called" friends, it was nice to have my real friends joe and d.d. There to help me get ready for the premiere. - you know what, I'm a survivor, you know what I mean? - that's why we connect. We're survivors. - absolutely. We're survivors. - we are survivors. - yes, 'cause I know you've had to survive in the past 24 hours I hear, so... - oh, yeah. Please forget about it. i couldn't believe that, camille. - neither could i. - I leave you for what, one hour? and you get yourself into all kinds of trouble. - [laughs] oh! i live-- What did you do? - it wasn't camille. It actually was not camille. camille was a good girl. - so what happened? - well, she just has a thing for me, I guess. she's got a crush. [laughing] - well, honey, look at you. - ever since I've known camille, girls have major jealousy issues with her, and you know... that's just really what it is, as far as I'm concerned. - I mean, she's calling me what--delusional... and I need a psychiatrist now. - yeah, all in one sentence. - kyle was really rude and crass, and I'm not gonna let her ruin my night tonight. and her husband is our realtor. - ex-realtor. - we'll see how long that lasts. - that's done. i don't think they'll be calling him to sell any houses in the near future. - is she gonna be at the show? - Mm-hmm. - are you okay with that? - Yeah, I'm fine. like I would never un-invite somebody to a show because their behavior was inappropriate. - right. - Yeah. she left me a message. - hi, camille. It's kyle. i know that today is kelsey's big day, so if you don't want me to be there, I understand. and I really did not intend to have everything blow up last night. i don't even know how that happened. - I received an apology from kyle, and honestly, I didn't think much of her. - maybe you should just call her back and say-- - I don't wanna rehash anything. i just wanna let it go. - She's going to. i'm sorry. That's pathetic. - I'll text her. i would be happy never to see her again. - you've got your butt-kicking outfit on today then. - I do, I do. So last night was the fight. now we're going to brunch together. kim and kyle aren't talking. I'm not talking to kim. i don't want to be involved in the fight between camille and kyle. i think the whole thing got blown out of proportion, and I don't want anything to do with it. - ask them if they have a boxing ring rather than a table. - just start it off already. [laughter] - so yesterday was my mom's birthday. and I started a jewelry line because of my mom. so the first thing I wanted to do was give you something special. and I have one for everybody else, but I wanted to give kyle the first one. - that's gorgeous! - I wasn't sure if it was intended as a peace offering, but she hands us gifts without an apology or anything attached to it that gave any purpose for it. - thank you, darling. That's really sweet. - pretty, aren't they? - as much as I wanted to just move forward and have a nice lunch, i could not get myself to really thank her. don't you think it's weird if I go tonight? - no. - No? i guess if I don't go, it's really... putting the nail in the coffin. and then if I do go, then I'm not gonna be welcome and it's gonna be awkward, but at least I'm... Sort of trying to-- - you really do need to show that you've above it. sort it out when you get back to l.a. i--that's what I would do. - when I see--hear stories about people fighting like this, I always think, how did you even get to that? you're all friends... - she misinterpreted exactly what you said. when I was sitting there-- - You heard the conversation in vegas, and you know I never said that. - right. - I never said that last night. i don't want anybody to lie. i just wanted if you heard for you to speak up and back me up when I said you were there and you heard. - she misinterpreted because you did say at one point, like, "so he's not gonna be there?" - that's what I said I said. - That was it. that was all you said. - Right, but you didn't say that last night. - I couldn't get a word in! - kim, you had a chance. i gave you the opportunity and I said, "kim, you were there. you know I never would say that." and you didn't say anything. you said, "i don't want to get involved." yeah, you did. Did she not? I'm sorry. - I'm always in the hot seat. I get the blame for everything. i don't like conflict. I can't-- makes me all crazy. - I don't want any more problems. that's over and done. now I have to deal with camille's situation in going to the play or not going to the play. what's your gut feeling? - Honestly? i don't even want to go. - we go. You sort it out later. 'cause if kim doesn't go and you don't go, it's gonna look ridiculous. - well, I don't know why she doesn't need to-- - I just don't want any more drama. - well, there's gonna be more drama. - that's making more if you don't go. - if you wanted to stick by me, you could have last night. not tonight by not going. i'm sort of at a breaking point where I feel like i'm about to snap. and she better not push me. - coming up... - camille, straight ahead. Right here, please. - camille. [photographers shouting] - this is the first time you've ever seen your husband in drag? - I knew that if I went to the play, it was gonna be very uncomfortable with camille. and that's why I left her the voicemail. and then she sent me a text saying "come and enjoy the show." [line ringing] - your call has been forwarded to an automatic voice message for this number. [beep] hi, adrienne, honey. It's taylor. i'm just calling to let you know i'm thinking about you today and missing you and I know today's not gonna be an easy day and just wanted to send a big hug from new york. I've thought a lot about whether the night would have gone differently if adrienne would have been around. adrienne's the voice of reason. she would have been able to stop it. i'm thinking about you, honey. and I look forward to seeing you whenever we get back. we're getting ready to go to the premiere, and I so wish you were here with us. i can't believe what happened last night. it was such a disaster. but anyway, don't worry about that today. - yeah. Don't worry about that today. - okay? [indistinct] - she sounds pretty, uh, upset. i'm very happy I stayed because my mom really needs me. she's obviously... still very upset, and rightfully so. and look at how many people showed up today. should tell you what kind of man he was. - he's always treated me very well. - and he always liked you. that's why I was so upset last night. you met the guys for drinks. you should have been at my mom's house. - adrienne was with her mother because her uncle died. so I decided to call the guys and go out and have a drink. - this was a time for us to kind of connect with my mom, spend some time with her and, you know... you'd rather go have a drink with the guys. that didn't sit well with me. - friday I was with you guys. saturday--I mean, I took off for an hour. - you weren't with us friday. - Yeah, I was. - sometimes in marriage, you gotta do things that you don't necessarily want to do, and this was that time where I really needed his support, and I didn't think he was there for me. - I'm there to support you, but what do you want me to do? i mean, I gotta be right next to you the whole time? - no. I'm not asking you to do that. my mom invited us over, and you met the guys for drinks. it's just a little weird. A little strange. - you didn't tell me she invited me over. - yes, I did! Doug, yes, I did. - you wanted me to take you to your mom's house. - don't have selective memory. - At the last minute, you told me... - You have selective memory. - no, I just spent an hour with the guys and... i mean, you know, giving you and your mom time alone. you don't need me there. - would you want me going out with the girlfriends, having a drink, having a great time-- - we didn't have a great-- - paul, regardless, you're missing the point. - okay. You made your-- You made your point. - okay, there. - The answer is no. can I just say one thing on my behalf? all right, anyway, i'm sorry. all right? will you forgive me? - Depends. - do you always have to play with your phone? Please? and I get a cheek kiss. oh, how nice. - what would you like for dinner, baby? how 'bout chicken sticks? - no. - Let's go see what we have. come on. - No. - russell has never, ever, ever stayed home with kennedy on the weekend alone. - look, I don't know what to make if you don't help me. - well...i don't want to. - okay. Um... snowball's gonna help me then. - ha. Snowball doesn't know how to cook right now. - well, will you come help us cook, please? - no. - apres vous, mademoiselle. - what does that mean? - After you. - oh. - French. you gonna swim? - it's freezing. - No, it's so warm. - it's so freezing. - whatever. Look, portia. - I'm a little nervous leaving mauricio and the kids, but I know he's secretly excited to have them to himself. - boo! [laughter] we have pizza, french fries. we have some kind of pasta. so what sounds good? - I can't imagine that russell's going to be doing any cooking or cleaning. he might attempt something. i shudder to think what it could be. - pizza? - soup. - Soup? - I'm really lucky that I have a great husband who happens to be an amazing father too. just a little bonus that he's hot. - how does mommy make these? does she put them in the microwave or the oven? - mm. The oven. - okay. - do you like any boys? - Yes. - ooh, girlfriend! - I'm gonna get something to eat. - where you going? [laughs] - I don't think you like my cooking. - yeah, I don't. - you're gonna hurt my feelings. - I don't know what that means. - so many women have been so catty with me 'cause I'm married to a celebrity. - catty with you? No. Even before that. - no, I know. - Even before that... the girls have always been jealous of you. i mean, I know that that sounds so stupid, but it's true. It's like, get over it. - women have been jealous of me throughout the years, and with that comes a lot of judgment with that knowledge. the underlining issue here with kyle and I's argument is not what was said. i honestly think it's jealousy. i think there's some kind of jealousy there. - camille responded to my message. i haven't heard from her all day. that's why at lunch I was like I don't think I'm gonna go. anyway, so she finally wrote back. "you really should come and enjoy the show." - and let's not any of us go there, okay? if somebody brings it up, put it to bed. i don't want to hear it. - If somebody brings it up, i'm walking out. - Yeah, exactly. - oh, my god! oh, cool! - Oh, that's great! - wow, look at this! - Okay, here we go. - this is so cool! I'm so excited! it's gonna be amazing. - come on, d.d. will you hold this for me? - Yeah. - thank you. - camille, straight ahead. Right here, please. - the walk on the red carpet, and it's fun, and everybody's shouting out your name and wants a picture. everybody's yelling, "camille! Kelsey! Picture here! to your left, to your right!" but it's fun. - oh. Thank you. what...have I done? i was so uncomfortable. walking through I was like, "oh, god. who's gonna come at me from where?" i didn't know what to expect. - have you seen any rehearsals yet? - no, none. that's why I wanted to keep it fresh and new. - is this the first time you've ever seen your husband in drag? [laughter] - I'm not gonna answer that. - I've been to not that many broadway premieres but certainly done a lot of red carpet in beverly hills. half the fun is to see what people are wearing. - love you. Congratulations. Okay? - you're all the way down there. - oh. We're gonna have to go around. - please. - Never. - okay, 3-6. So... - seeing kyle again, I felt very confident. i was like, okay, I can handle this. - and this is g and d. - no, you're danny. You're danny-- - this is g. it was awkward. i mean, it was like there's an elephant in the room, and nobody's discussing it. - oh, hi! you look beautiful! You look stunning! - oh, you... - Hi. so glad you all came. taylor. Hi, kyle. she verbally assaulted me. it's inappropriate. I will not accept that. i honestly would never be friends with somebody who behaves the way she does. the petulant child. - it was so awkward and uncomfortable. why did I come? - next... - I was nervous about kelsey because I don't know what he's gonna say to me because... That's his wife. - during intermission, you really only have a short time to use the restroom facility. so, you know, we were basically just rushing to get to the restroom and back. okay, so should we go now? Okay. [toilet flushes] [cheers and applause] - oh, hello, hello, hello. - hi. What'd you think, huh? - Oh, my god. amazing. Amazing! - Thank you. - I enjoy going backstage after the show. you know, get to see kelsey grammer--ooh! - I have to put some clothes on. - okay. So... - Thanks for coming. - oh, you're welcome. - It was really fun. - oh, all the flowers are just amazing. - I'll be like five minutes, and then I'll come out. - okay. Is anything-- i was wondering if we can get the cast to sign. that'd be great. - No, I'll get one. - okay. You'll get one with everybody. okay. For everyone? Okay, thank you so much. - I'll see ya in a while. - Okay. see you in a little while. Okay, bye, sweetie. - all right, bye. - good job. Oh, I loved it. you've got a giant-- - I know. [overlapping chatter] - I'm fabulous tonight! - You are fabulous. - thank you, honey. [dance music plays] ♪♪ ♪♪ - okay, over here. - at the after party, i was a little nervous, 'cause so much had gone down between everybody. but as long as nobody says the words insecure, invisible, insignificant, i think we'll be okay. maybe we should all sit there and say bloody nothing. it might be safer. - the argument with kyle and I was still on my mind. she really upset me. she said a lot of really rude and just awful things. but I wasn't gonna let that affect my evening. i don't want to waste my time thinking of kyle. i just wanted to go there, be with my friends, enjoy the after party and have a really good time. watch out. These drinks go down easy. that's really good, whatever kim has. - how did you feel during the kiss? - oh, it's fine. think of it as a stage kiss. like this. [laughter] - I was nervous about kelsey because... that's his wife. i don't know what he's gonna say to me. if my husband were there, he might say something. [cheers and applause] - awesome. - how are you? Lovely to see you. - you were fantastic. - hi, honey. - Thank you. so you guys came without husbands this trip, right? - I don't have one. - maybe you don't want one, honestly. i mean, they're a big pain in the ass. i'm impossible. i guess the best you can hope for in a long relationship is that you married somebody who's decent and nice. and a lot of stuff that... Was a challenge in our marriage, and she has certainly been through a lot of travail. - ha ha ha ha! - I was surprised how nice kelsey was. he was very kind and gracious. completely opposite of camille the night before. [dance music plays] ♪♪ ♪♪ - I was barely in the hotel room. it seems like we all went to bed so late every night. i thought I'd be in my hotel room, watching a movie, ordering room service. none of that happened. i just laid in bed the first night staring at the ceiling... upset and sad. - Right. - and then the last night, I slept well. - I slept good. - But it's a lot more fun to have my husband and kids with me. i was really excited to go to new york, but after everything I've been through now, i cannot wait to see my family. oh, yeah, I Miss ken. - No, I Miss mauricio. - I'm beginning to miss all your husbands. ha! I just like... - she misses all of her husbands. - I Miss all your husbands too. [laughter] - it's so strange with sisters, because you can have this big fight, and then the next minute you're like talking again, you know. it's just complicated. mauricio and ken both had kim all the time... - yeah, I was sharing them. that trip really gave me a big eye-opener. you guys all went to the room and left me. like, "okay, we're going to the room now," and there you all went with your husbands... - in vegas. - Vegas. It was vegas. - was that hard sometimes? - That was really hard on me. i didn't--it was really-- I walked to the room. i didn't know what to do with myself. i just stood there and looked out at the view. las vegas was kind of for me when everybody had their husbands, i felt very... like something was missing. and I-I really got emotional. like this is... This is time for me to maybe really start thinking about... - you're just starting to think about that? i really want my sister kim to settle down. i want her to be in love with someone and have someone to share her life with. - why don't each of you pick somebody special? and then each-- I'll go to a dinner. - that's a good idea! - I like that! - okay? - What's the crux here? what are we-- What are we looking for? i'm up for it. i actually have somebody in mind. but he's--actually, he's still behind bars. - they just have to be honest. - What's the age range? - I-I will-- anywhere from 25... - no, you're just joking. - 25 to 70. [laughter] based on my history with kim, i'm not prepared to set her up with anyone. i'm treading lightly at this point. you're talkin' to the wrong girl. [laughing] uh...[ahem]. [laughter] - oh, my gosh. - I think the funeral was the day before-- - oh, really? - I think, yeah. i think it's... - [Indistinct] didn't he? Ooh. - once I came back from new york i knew adrienne would want to know, but I certainly didn't want to knock on her door and deliver the bad news, because her uncle had died. so I waited for her to call me and then to come over. okay, where is she? how can you be late when you only live across the road? [buzz] - hi, darling. - Hi. How are ya? - oh, I'm okay. How are you? i'm sorry about your uncle. - Thank you, honey. thanks. - how was everything? Exhausted? - well, you know. Yeah, I'm tired. taylor left me several messages about the drama that was unfolding in new york. what the heck is happening? how was new york? - Ha. it was eventful. when we got there, camille met us at the hotel. everything was fine. we all went up and had a glass of champagne. and then I don't know who suggested it, but kyle or camille said let's go and have a talk. said to kyle how did it go? Didn't want details. we just said how'd it go? Fine. I said okay, good. now we can go on and enjoy the weekend. we went down to the bar, and out of nowhere camille suddenly came down with taylor and said, I don't want to be set up. i don't want to be the one that's insecure. so that was like a bolt out of the blue. i mean, I was gobsmacked. I was...flabbergasted. and then it just kicked off. - uh-huh. - the friction between kyle... - Kyle and camille. Yeah. - really, it was pretty intense. and then kim said something to kyle, and the only way out was really for kyle to retaliate, and I grabbed kyle by the arm and said, "okay, we're going," and I took her out of there. and then taylor and kim got into it as well. - wow. i was floored. i cannot believe that much drama came out of these girls. sometimes you just have to find a way to resolve it. and it doesn't necessarily mean that she's right or she's right. it's just that we agree to disagree, so let's move on. - but you know what? maybe it's just a total clash of personalities. i mean, what happened in vegas came out of nowhere. - I agree. But you can agree to disagree. - I wish they had. - And still you know... be cordial to each other. hmm. - I think camille and kyle will probably resolve their issue. i mean, I don't know if camille's going to kind of hang on to it or not. - they should have like another lunch just to-- To see what happens. - really, kyle and camille should go to lunch. - I don't think they're ready for that now. - well, in a while. maybe not right now... - take the forks and the knives away. plastic cutlery only. [laughter, chatter] - but eventually, they have to. well, they should. - yeah, they should. - well, to be continued, eh? - To be continued. - or hopefully not. - coming up... - she acted like a crazed homeless woman. in the terms of like pecking order, my husband's higher on the list. [laughs] - jersey g, what's up? - Hey! - how are ya? - Nick! Yay! - hey. - Hey, hon. - it's good to see you. - when I came back from new york, nick came over to talk about the trip and everything that happened. everybody's been congratulating him. it's--it was amazing. i went back the next night to see it again. - I didn't know he sang so well. - oh, thank you. - and what about the girls? - I don't know. I don't trust them. - what do you mean? - I showed up to greet them at the hotel, and then we sat down to eat, and kyle started just raging at me. she really acted like a crazed homeless woman. and was like... something out of some bad movie. i don't know. It's like--she like-- you know, I thought her eyes were gonna pop out of her head and smoke was gonna come out of her ears. - but you worked it out. You guys are cool, right? - she apologized, but she apologized in a very insincere way. she kind of apologized saying that i, um... misunderstood her. she didn't really say that. i think women should celebrate each other. i think women need to empower each other, not tear each other down. i mean, if kyle's jealous, okay, kyle, move past it. how could I ever trust any of these girls? like especially kyle. i-I just can't. i mean, that--that-- You know... i think that ship has sailed. - what's kelsey say about it? - he wasn't happy about it. she was just out of control. maybe it's because her husband works for us. in the terms of like pecking order, my husband's higher on the list. my husband is an a-list celebrity. he's in a successful play. he's won emmys, golden globes. he's celebrated. He's respected in his community. there's a big difference between that and the... local beverly hills realtor. - what about, um... Her husband? - he wasn't there. I know, and he's our realtor. - I know. What does he say-- - kelsey said, "well, I guess we're gonna be looking for a new realtor." - really? - Yeah. Kelsey did say that. - that's too bad, 'cause he's been your guy for a long time. - yeah, he has been. Mm-hmm. [laughing] just I don't think my husband and I can do business with him knowing what his wife has, you know, what she's done to me. so that's that, but you know, i mean, when I sat there and they started with me, i just wanted to eviscerate them with words. and I thought, god, wow, is she pernicious. just a pernicious... her behavior was pernicious. and I'll leave it at that. i think she's just a miserable human being. - good to see you. - Thanks for checking in on me. - of course. - I really appreciate it. - good to see you. - My recent experience with kyle makes me realize how I value my friendships with the men in my life. [laughing] - forget it. It's not worth it. - I know, but still it's tough - I know. All right. i'll call you later, okay? - Mm-hmm. - see ya later. - next time on the real housewives of beverly hills... - what is this? - You're gonna be gorgeous! - when I turn the electricity on-- - what do you mean? - We have to suffer for beauty. - kelsey was nominated for a tony, so it's time for me to go shopping for that perfect gown. - yummy, yummy! - I'm going all-out for this anniversary. and...open your eyes! - [gasps] - I want to set you up with kyle's sister kim. - can he hold his own? - Does he have to hold his own? - nobody's gonna leave us alone now, are they? - no. Everybody was just kind of staring. i was definitely... Nervous. - to learn more about the housewives, go to... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 