The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills 
 s1e11 - How to Behave - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills (2010–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - How to Behave - full transcript 
 Camille sets out to mend her seriously shattered relationship with Kyle by inviting Kyle to a potentially cringe-worthy tennis-and-swimming get-together. Also, Kyle hosts a birthday party ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: Previously, on "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills." Russell's not here. KYLE: He's in Phoenix, right? Yeah. TAYLOR: I was really disappointed. I wanted to spend time with him, and he wasn't there. LISA: Ken is saying that Cedric has to move out, but who am I going to play with? Bye. Ah-oh, what's going on? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 KYLE: I received this text from Camille. CAMILLE: We will no longer be working with your husband. Thank you very much. KYLE: She said, by the way, we won't be doing business with your husband anymore. TAYLOR: It may look like I have it all, but I want more. LISA: In Beverly Hills, it's who you know, and I know everyone. ADRIENNE: Money is what I have, not who I am. KIM: I was a child star, but now my most important role is being a mother. KYLE: In a town full of phonies, I'm not afraid to be me. CAMILLE: It's time for me to come out of my husband's shadow and shine. KEN: Darling? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hi, I'm over here. I think that gardener should be cutting dead roses as well. Maybe you should get Cedric to do it. Ha. Very funny KEN: He doesn't do anything else. Oh, stop it. That's mean. KEN: I go to get into my car, my Jeep this morning, and I'm out of gas. So what is this saying? Who drove it last time? I believe he drives it all the time. OK. KEN: So I end up with him. Well, talk to him about it. Don't talk to me about it. KEN: I have spoken to him about it, and I don't see why you can't ask him to do the occasional thing like get some spray. Darling, I do ask him to do the occasional thing. KEN: But he doesn't do it. LISA: Look, stop it, OK? You're ruining my nice, pleasant afternoon cutting roses. I have conflict here. I mean, there's no doubt about it. Ken wants him to move out. However, I do have some kind of maternal feelings for him. He's been with us over a year. I know you feel responsible for him, but-- LISA: I don't necessarily feel responsible for him. He just doesn't have anywhere to go right now. KEN: Listen to me. Listen to me. A year is enough. LISA: Ken loves Cedric, and he's been very good to him, but he doesn't want to live with him for the rest of his life. KEN: We'd never had an argument, and now look, it's-- LISA: How can you say we've never had an argument. That's ridiculous. Of course, we've had an argument. When was the last argument we ever had? Well, it was about Cedric. KEN: Exactly. Probably about when Cedric was moving in. Give me a kiss. I love you. Not you. Stop it, darling. Stop it. You're being silly now. Stop it. Can you sort that [INAUDIBLE]? Ask Cedric to do it. Very funny. Ah, this is so nice. OPERATOR: Your call has been forwarded to an automatic voice message system. At the tone, please record your message. Hey, Adrienne. It's Camille. How are you? I wanted to invite you and Paul to come to my house. Bring your tennis racket, and be ready to play. I'm having a little tennis tournament at the house. CAMILLE: I decided to get the girls together again. Why not give it a try. My hope was to have a little afternoon tennis match, nothing serious, just a playful game. I just think it will be a good time for all of us. So I just wish Kelsey was here. Call me when you get a chance. Much love. Bye. KYLE (ON PHONE): Hello. Hey, Kyle. It's Camille. KYLE (ON PHONE): Hello. Kyle, can you hear me? It's Camille. You can't hear-- KYLE (ON PHONE): Oh, hi, Camille. What's going on? - Hey. Hi, I'm calling to invite you to my house. We're going to have a little tennis tournament at the house, and I know you and your husband play. Camille and I have made up. Well, sort of made up. KYLE: It's just been a misunderstanding. We can give it another shot. Oh, absolutely. Yay! We really haven't discussed where Mauricio stands with them in business, so I'm a little sceptical still. I'm not very good, so-- but I know your husband plays really well. KYLE (ON PHONE): Hey, just because I play doesn't mean I'm good either. So that's perfect. KYLE (ON PHONE): I'm not a great player. I mean, let me just say I'm not a player. I am cautiously optimistic in terms of my relationship with Kyle. I accepted her apology. I'm the type of person that I'd like to move on from things. You know this is just for fun. I thought it would be great for us to get together and do something physical, spend some time together, and I just think it would be good for all of us, and hopefully, you can make it. KYLE (ON PHONE): Well, we would love to join you, so we will definitely be there. OK, great. I'll see you then. OK, great. I'm going to go to the tennis party and put on a good face because I really don't want to feel like my problems with Camille are affecting Mauricio's relationship with Kelsey and Camille. KYLE (ON PHONE): Thanks, Camille. Bye-bye. KIM (ON PHONE): Hello. KYLE: Hi. KIM (ON PHONE): Hi. Hey, what's up? Listen to how funny this is. Camille asked me out to her house to play tennis. Do you think I should go? Kyle and Camille don't mix. They're like oil and water. Honestly, every time you guys are together, there's a fight. Why would you even put yourself in that situation? I know, but I'm hoping that like, you know, put that behind us. There's not going to be a problem. Mauricio's going to be there. It's not going to be like-- I'm going to have the kids with me. It's going to be different. Let's hope. KIM: Kyle better be on their best behaviour. I'm OK with going. Anyway, I'm excited about the White Party. You're going to be there, right? KIM: Oh, absolutely, I'm going to be there. Are you kidding? Do you have your white dress? Of course, I have my white dress. KYLE: So every year we have our annual White Party. Everybody has to dress in white. It's a party where everybody can just let loose and have fun. I'm excited to see you guys, and I will talk to you later. OK. Love you. Bye. All right, darling. Good outer. Hello. FRIENDS (TOGETHER): Hello. Happy birthday. The birthday girl. LISA: Well, it's Pandora's 24th birthday, and she loves Sur, our other restaurant in West Hollywood. So we thought we'd just have a dinner and just invite a few close friends. Here they are. Hi. Welcome. LISA: Hello, you. You look-- look at this table. Oh, my god. LISA: Thank you, darling. Come next to me. What would you like to drink, darling? Do you want some Big Pinky. I want the Pinky. You didn't say hi to Gigi. Well, hello Gigi. Thank you. Good little boy. That dog really gets around. Gigi should write a book on the best places to dine in Los Angeles. He's the best accessory, that's for sure. KYLE: Vera asked Cedric, I said do you get a men's bikini wax? He said, no. I keep it clean. So Vera said, do you trim with the scissors down there? And he said-- - Oh, good lord. Too much information. Hey, what am I, the yetzi? Do you pluck? No, I don't need to. Too much information, Cedric. Can we at least wait till dessert before we talk about your private parts? Happy birthday, Pandora. LISA: Happy birthday, darling. Pandora, happy birthday. There is nobody who's more kind, more generous, more compassionate. I feel like I tell you this every day. LISA: Jason is the love of Pandora's life. It's been four years, and I really wished that maybe now is the time for them to commit to each other. JASON: Pandora, there's nobody in the world that I'd rather live with. I love every second of it, and I would love to spend the rest of my life with you. FRIENDS (TOGETHER): Oh. KEN: Oh, my god. LISA: Oh, my god. Oh. LISA: Well, is that a proposal? I need to be definitive here. If it was a proposal, there would be a ring. Oh, good lord. PANDORA: Jason, he's done this quite a few times. He makes this amazing proclamation of his love. I can see my father gripping the edge of his seat and my mother screaming in the background. And I think he likes to line them up, which is quite amusing. LISA: So you do this to me every year. I know. You go-- I want to say-- then nothing. Nothing. I always think that he's going to say, and will you-- and then he says something else. Ah. Oh, cheers. I think they should either-- or get off. Cedric, it's been 15 years you've been with us, 15. So yeah, he was, well, in his teens, he started working for us, and we just had a connection, and then just started having holidays with us, an just became part of the family. KYLE: Cedric. Yeah. You said you were going to tell me about your childhood. Oh, that old chestnut. KYLE: Lisa has always told me that Cedric had a troubled past. It's one of the reasons why she's taken him in, and I wanted to know more. NARRATOR: Coming up. Thanks for coming. Thank you for having us. I can tell you that if Camille were to kiss my husband on the lips, she wouldn't have any lips left. KYLE: Cedric. CEDRIC: Yes. You said you were going to tell me about your childhood. I was born in Paris, and-- KYLE: You were born in Paris? Never knew my father, and my mother was a prostitute. And so I was moved around a lot. Then she got married to this French guy, and then he beat her up, and then we run away when I was 7, and we lived on the streets. You don't have to say. No, but I'm done with it. I'm not going to let that whole-- you know. I'm done with it. It's still very emotional, but I'm done with it, you know? So anyway, so now we run away when I was about seven. We lived on the street for a whole year, like stealing, begging. She used to play tricks with sleeping spots with homeless people. And I would always sleep between her the guy, so she wouldn't get raped. One day she just left me in a phone booth, and she never came back. She just left me, and I was about 7 or 8. Listening to Cedric's story, I kept thinking how incredible it was. It's almost hard to believe. I had to eat cat food. I had to, you know, be clever about things because I had to survive. And then I was taken, and I was put into social services. And I went through a lot of foster homes and it's not-- it was very hard. And then and I met Ken and Lisa about 15 years ago. They changed my life. They gave me a second chance to have a normal, healthy life. And of course, she's now gone to Paris. No, we came way too late. Not too late. You came at the perfect time. I mean, I love you. I love you like a mother. I mean, like a mother, and I never want to stop. I do actually like-- And when I hear Cedric story again, it reminds me of why we've taken him in in the first place. I wanted to be there for him. That's your mother's loss and our gain. Thank you. KYLE (VOICEOVER): Obviously, Cedric's story has touched Lisa and Ken in a deep way. I just hope he's sincere. Look where you are now. Yep. Pandora's birthday. RUSSELL: Good morning. I talked to Paul last night. I have an update for you, so give me a call. I'm at the house now, but I'm leaving for the office soon, so call me. TAYLOR: Did puppy have his breakfast yet? Chex and Tariq. Should I give him his breakfast? Yeah. TAYLOR: You know, Russell and I, we definitely have some great days together, and then we have some average days just like everyone else. Hey, Russ? Yes. TAYLOR: I think we're pretty much ready to eat. Are you? OK, I'll be right down. Did you touch him again? You sure? I don't remember. Well, let's watch just in case for allergies, OK? TAYLOR: Things have been really tense between Russell and me lately. The business side of our relationship has just seemed to take over. Oh, so how's the puppy do on this morning? You want coffee, Russell? I would love some more coffee. You are getting so big, I can't believe it. You better slow down. TAYLOR: He works. I work. We've kind of forgotten to take time to be a romantic couple. Let's eat our breakfast before it gets cold. KENNEDY: Daddy. TAYLOR: We just need to take some time out to have fun together. I need to get to the office. All righty. Oh, who loves you? Oh, give me big kisses. Mm. TAYLOR: I don't know if this is just typical marriage ups and downs, but something that we definitely need to work on. CAMILLE: Kyle! Oh, you look gorgeous. Hi, Mauricio. I was thinking, OK, what can we do that's athletic and fun and get the girls together with their families. I thought tennis because I know Mauricio is a great tennis player, and I know Adrienne played. I love that top. You look gorgeous. Thank you. You look so stunning. MAURICIO: I think you should just stand on the tennis court like that. CAMILLE: Yes. KYLE: Maybe I'll play with my heels and everything. No, you look great. KYLE: It wouldn't be the first time. Really good. Thank you for coming. Hi, guys. Hey, how are you? TAYLOR: Kyle and I were the only ladies Camille invited. However, Camille had some other friends there as well. CAMILLE: Oh, my god, Nick. I guess she wanted to keep it simple and really extend the olive branch. I've been taking some vitamins. You like it? It's prenatal vitamins. KYLE: I'm not really sure what Nick's thing with the wig was. Maybe they were role playing. I really don't know, but the whole kissing someone else's husband on the lips is just bizarre. Thanks for coming. Thank you for having us. KYLE: I can tell you that if Camille were to kiss my husband on the lips, she wouldn't have any lips left. MAURICIO: All right, Camille. OK, so I'm on your-- we're just warming up now, right? MAURICIO: We're just warming up. That's nice. Nice! He's got a cannon. Watch out! Kyle, we need you to suit up. I'm going to come. I'm going to come now. I swear. KYLE: Things don't get to Mauricio like they do to me, so it was easy for him to go to the tennis party and be nice and have fun. That's just who he is. Go ahead. I'll let him take anything. No, I'm going to let you take it. I'm just there for backup. MAURICIO: I'm kind of shocked that you know Kyle has had such a conflict with Camille. I wish it didn't really happen. And especially since I work with them. I hope that they're able to rekindle that friendship because I do like Camille and Kelsey quite a bit. CAMILLE: Does anybody want anything to eat? I set up for an English tea. So it's going to be like tea sandwiches, and Richard, if you want to say? RICHARD: We have an English-style chopped salad. Then we have a full range of English tea sandwiches. And then if I see some lovely, clear plates, I have a smorgasbord of desserts, which I'm going to put up there. Sounds amazing. It's amazing. I think we'll probably going to be in the Hamptons in June at some point or July. Are you going to the Hamptons? - Yes. Oh, OK. We were supposed to meet up last year-- I know. Exactly. --and the year before. So hopefully, this year we'll connect. TAYLOR: I was having a good time, and it would be nice if this is the way the girls could always get along. RICHARD: Enjoy. Thank you very much. The snoring was off the wall last night. I swear to you. I kept saying, god, turn on your side. Turn on the other side. ADRIENNE: It happened again. My little son actually but headed my husband, and broke his nose again. Lay flat. Lay on his stomach, and just put your head in the pillow. No, he'll be in pain. I couldn't breathe. ADRIENNE: I did not sleep all last night. I totally feel your pain on that one. Kelsey snores so loud. It's so nice that he's in New York and I'm here because I can get a good night's sleep. ADRIENNE: Exactly. That is so beautiful. TAYLOR: OK, how cute is this? I just love it. Chandelier. Crystal. I mean, these are real crystal. KYLE: These look really good. How much longer is the-- The play? It's until February. His commitment to the play is until February, and I fly in for the Tony Awards. KYLE: When is that? I'm excited. You're going to New York. - Yeah. - Oh, that's right. I haven't seen it. Oh, it's too bad you missed the play, but-- ADRIENNE: Total misunderstanding. CAMILLE: I don't even want to go there. Just different ways. Kyle, I don't want to start. Oh, my god. ADRIENNE: I'm telling you, there's different ways of communicating. So you guys kissed and made up? Is that what happened? We're working things out. I mean, we were just not understanding each other in the beginning, kind of speak different languages. We do. And when I said something, she said something else. I took it the wrong way. I wear my heart on my sleeve, so if I get upset, whether I'm dealing with my friends or my husband, I just say whatever I think and feel, and that can be a mistake sometimes. LISA: That's OK. Oh, yes. I knew. NARRATOR: Coming up. CAMILLE: The women did not want to bring their bathing suits. You're going to have a fat lip. [LAUGHTER] Wait a minute. Yeah, we're here. All right. ADRIENNE: Then why are you in the pool? You can't expect kids not to splash. KYLE: Honey, don't tease them. I don't know how deep it is there, and I don't want you teaching them that. So here everyone's getting in the pool, and Camille has her bikini on. My baby is two years old, I still have some work to do on my body, and I wasn't ready to parade around in a bathing suit. I think Camille is, you know, just kind of showing off a little bit. That looks so nice. You two exit. We'll feed him. Yes, the women did not want to bring their bathing suits. Could be just female jealousy. They'll get over it. Kyle, come on. I guess I'd better put a suit on. Come on, Carla, you've gotta throw her in. You would throw me in. I don't want to start another fight. [INAUDIBLE]. Oh! MAURICIO: Adrienne. Awesome! I mean, I wanted to push her in. She was never going to let me do that. You know, she had to do it herself. Ah! No way. My husband can be a prankster. I'd love to. You know what? Paybacks are a-- You're going to have a fat lip. I was really happy that we made it through the day unscathed, and with the White Party coming up tomorrow, I'm glad everyone seems to be getting along. [PHONE RINGS] Hi, honey. MAURICIO (ON PHONE): Hi. You called? Yeah. How much longer before you're here? MAURICIO (ON PHONE): I'll be over in five minutes. I just went to pick up some stuff for the party, and I'm just picking up your [INAUDIBLE].. OK. Love you. Bye. MAURICIO (ON PHONE): I love you. Bye. - What's up? I just want you to look at the tents really quick. I feel like it almost should go straight. I could pull this back so it's swags more. No, I don't like that. MATT: I could bring it up like that. Can't it be like straight? I mean, just like-- or pull it back more? I don't want to be hanging down a lot. I want to get more open. MATT: OK, so you want it higher. - Yeah. MATT: OK. All right. Tonight is the White Party, and I only have a few hours before everyone starts showing up. KYLE: That's going to be pretty, don't you think? I mean, just right now they're clear. So when it shows aqua, that's just the pool and the tile. LUIS: Yeah. But it's going to diffuse the light a little bit. You mean darker? Yeah. KYLE: I don't know if I like that. Oh, I'm so confused. Every time I throw a party, I get really nervous and really stressed. I just want to make sure they're all good over here. Oh, this is looking like a carnival. I'm always running around like a chicken with my head cut off. How long is mine going to take? Well, not that long. Maybe a half an hour. OK. I only have a half an hour. This is what happens every time I have a party at my house, I end up looking like crap. PAMELA: No, babe, I have the same problem. We don't have time to get ready because we're busy making the party happen. I know. MAURICIO: Are you coming? PAMELA: Yeah, I'll be there. - You got all white? - I'm excited. Yeah. - Nice. Yeah. Wouldn't miss it for the world. Nice. KYLE: This year's White Party is extra special because it's my husband's 40th birthday. OK, honey, can you check on everything down there? Because I just need a few more minutes to get myself together here-- MAURICIO: Yeah, that's what I'm going to go do. KYLE: --then I can be back. You know, since I'm turning 40, I've noticed I definitely see a lot more white hair, especially on the sides here. I'm not happy about that. KYLE: You know what though, I noticed that. Well, I'm glad you love it. I think you look good, especially since I already have some. I don't want it to start getting like dance, dance music till it's darker out. And then these guys are performing with Kerry. Where's Kerry? She's not here yet. KYLE: OK, till later. Honey, you look gorgeous. So do you. You look so handsome. You excited? Very. You? It's your birthday. KYLE: I put Mauricio through a lot lately with all this drama, so I really want to go all out for his 40th birthday. He's always there for me. I really want to show him with his birthday how much I love him. Farrah, holy Toledo. BROOKE: Wow, look at you. KYLE: Sexy mama. Because that is so short. KYLE: Honey, Farrah, if you're hiding behind a drape, then obviously, your dress is too short. FARRAH: Is it up my butt? BROOKE: No, the short part is fine. It's cute. No, it's not see through. I can't see anything. KYLE: OK, come help me with the-- can you come help me with the music? Hey. KYLE: How are you? Better. Are you? Good. I never see you with your hair in a ponytail. I know. Are you surprised? That looks really cute. KYLE: Kim looked beautiful. I was happy. She wanted to relax and have fun and it felt like old times. I'm really looking forward to having some fun with Russell tonight. It's been way too long since we've just hung out and had fun together. So hopefully, tonight's going to be the night. Russell, how are you doing, bud? Happy 30th, man. (TOGETHER) Hi, gorgeous. I'm interrupting. Miranda. Hi, gorgeous. TAYLOR: It looks amazing, and I cannot wait to dance, and I'm so excited that we're going to get to dance and have a little fun. Hey, how are you? KEN: Hi. How are you? Well, they haven't got a guest house, Cedric, so don't get excited. Hello, darling. Oh, yes. How are you? You look gorgeous. Very Marilyn, huh? Look at you. How are you? Hello. Everything yours? Everything remaining. LISA: So I think Martin's coming tonight. You are lying. KEN: You two just met tonight. You guys have good chemistry together. He's the third person that said that. I know. He is coming. I swear to god. As soon as the party started, Lisa walked in, she's like Martin's coming. Martin is coming. You say Martin is coming tonight, isn't he? Yeah. He might give it round two. Did you not bring a date? I did not. Oh, OK. I think he's a great person, but honestly, you think he would have called me. I believe a man should call a woman. You didn't bring a date? I was going to bring a date. Oh, so Martin is coming. I heard you have a wild swan. No, I have two tamed swans. Didn't one of them get loose and run on the street? No, he did. Actually, we found him in the street, but we never found out how he got there. I think Cedric left the gate open. Do you think? Another thing Cedric has done. Arg! All right, well, I'm going off for some sushi, I think. Are you eating? You've already eaten. I'm eating more on the way. Should we get a drink? I'm going to get some-- I'll get a drink with you. Let's go. Oh, the bar is there. KYLE: Oh, my gosh. Hello. How are you? You look gorgeous. May I have a cheeseburger, please? OK. Thank you very much. I already had one. That's not going to be-- Double. Oh, come on. I can't get my mouth around that. I cannot. Now, you've got a big mouth. Open wide. You've got a big mouth. Come on. Look at that. Wow. Like your Russell. TAYLOR: Beautiful. Kyle did a great job setting up the party. It was cool, contemporary. Then I love the fact that they had scrolling pictures through their history playing on the big screen. It really shows how much they enjoy their life together. Where's the birthday boy? I don't know. He has white on. Oh, it's OK. He should be naked. He'd stand out. I want to do some dancing. Russell and Taylor did not seem to be having that much fun at the White Party. This party is going to last till 3:00 in the morning. Yeah. KYLE: I'm not really sure what was going on with them that night, but they definitely were not on the same page. TAYLOR: It was such a happy occasion, and I'm just tried to enjoy myself, and Russell is very different. You can't lure him into the fun. NARRATOR: Coming up. What is this? A book. "How to Behave and Why." KEN: Martin is here. I haven't seen Martin. Playing the role of matchmaker is not something I like to do at all. However, it seemed like a desperate situation. Oh, look at that. There's Martin. How are you doing? Long time no see. Everything good? I found Martin. Darling, I'm sorry. Busted. Are you just arriving? No, I've been here. Oh, OK. I didn't see you. How have you been doing? Everything all right? Everything is good. So good. Want a drink? I'm good right now. Thank you. KIM: Martin I both, I think really hit it off, but sometimes things just don't plan out the way everybody would hoped. CAMILLE: Lisa. LISA: Hello. Darling, I haven't seen you for ages. Everything good? Yeah, everything is fine. I think I'm just burning the candle at both ends. I've been really busy. And I didn't say congratulations on Kelsey's Tony, right? Well, it's a nomination. A nomination. That's fantastic. KYLE: Thank you. Thank you. He's very happy. Is he tired? Exhausted. He's exhausted. Then at night he doesn't want to listen to Camille speak as we used because he just is so tired. Yeah, I can imagine. I missed him. I want to talk longer, and he's like, we've talked for 25 minutes tonight, so-- CAMILLE: I'm feeling very disconnected from my husband. Usually, we'd speak maybe 5, 6, 10 times a day. And when I would hear from him-- when he first moved to New York, it was three or four times a day, and then he kept coming back. And the lack of communication is disturbing to me. LISA: Kelsey's been away for a couple of months now. Seems to me, to be ever such a long time. For some marriages, it's fine. For me, it wouldn't work. It's nice to see everybody. Have you seen Kyle? No, I haven't seen her. I have a gift for her. I have a fun little book for her. I hope she gets a kick out of it. KYLE: Hi. How are you? I really appreciate it. I know you don't feel well, but thank you for coming. I'm so glad I made it. I really appreciate it. CAMILLE: There's two gift for you in here. For me or for him? CAMILLE: It's for you. For me? What is this? A picture of us? Huggies. A book. "How to Behave and Why." Thank you. It's only a joke. Oh, did you? Sure, Camille. KYLE: I'm touched. So here Camille hands me this book, "How to behave." I don't know if she's just trying to get under my skin or that's her attempt at a sense of humour, which I have not seen yet. But clearly, she has not read this book. And you know what, I think we should all read this book. CAMILLE: But I think both of us need to sit down and go through it together. LISA: The book was called "How to Behave," but I think Camille should read it first. Yeah, and then you and Kim can borrow it. You and Kim. Thank you. Thank you, I think. CAMILLE: I think Kyle seems pretty self-deprecating because I know I'm self-deprecating, but honestly, it's just a joke. Happy birthday. MAURICIO: Thank you. So good to see you. Are you having fun? So handsome in your white. You look beautiful, darling. You're cute. KYLE: Thank you so much for coming tonight. I'm so happy to see all of you here. We have a special performance here tonight. Kerry and we introduced your-- This is Yellow Light Go, and as a surprise for Mauricio, we're going to dedicate a song to him tonight. So Mauricio, if you can come on up here. Awesome. (SINGING) Ecstasy, exploring life and liberty. NARRATOR: I really like Mauricio. He lets Kyle be who she is. Just the fact that he's a strong guy who can also be sensitive with her, and that he would do a first dance in front of all of those people, that he feels confident enough to do something like that. That girl sings. Her voice is like an angel. Beautiful. NARRATOR: I was sort of wishing that I had the same thing, and that I could get my marriage to a point where we could have those same moments. Whew! Ah. That's so sweet. That's very cute. CAMILLE: Kyle, this is amazing. Thanks so much for coming. CAMILLE: Very stunning party. Thank you so much. I know it was a big effort. TAYLOR: I didn't stay long at the White Party because I had bronchitis. I was really feeling under the weather. And you, you just look beautiful. Your family, they're so lovely. Thank you. You're so blessed. KYLE: Thank you. Thank you so much. CAMILLE: You're welcome. Fat burger. You have to have a fat burger to go. Bad stomach and all, but it's worth it. KYLE: She didn't stay very long. CAMILLE: Two with everything on it. KYLE: But I feel like Camille coming to the party was a little bit of an attempt to make things better. Bye, everybody. Ciao. Bye. Au revoir. Atisila. Thank you. You know what? You're in so much trouble. Look at you. What have I done? LISA: You look like you're on the pink side, huh? You've had him for 28 years, and you're still jealous? I'm going to the bar. I can't stand it. There's Vic. Back off. Oh, come go with me. TAYLOR: How many dates did you and Ken go on before you fell? Oh, we were together a long time before we got engaged. Oh, really? Six weeks. I knew. I kind of-- it's one of those things, you know? Somebody said to me, how do you know if you can spend the rest of your life with him? I don't know. I don't want to spend the rest of my life without him. I know it sounds-- but within three months, we were married. NARRATOR: See, there you go. LISA: How's everything with you? It's all right. OK. Is it? LISA: I'm not sure if Russell and Taylor are having a good time or not. I mean, they've barely been together all night. TAYLOR: Russell's not someone whose mood you can change. It's a bummer for me because I see everyone is having fun, and the husbands are participating. I wish I could find a way to bring him over from the dark side onto the fun side. Well, let's go. Let's go. TAYLOR: Russell wasn't having fun and engaging. Well, I kind of want to stay. He wanted to leave, and I was there to celebrate Mauricio's birthday, and I've left enough times when I didn't want to leave. TAYLOR: I just felt like, no, I needed to do what I wanted to do. So I stayed. It makes me feel sad and a little lonely. Even though I'm surrounded by people, I feel a little alone. NARRATOR: Coming up. Who cares about him. Let him go home and do his thing, and we'll have fun. But I-- Here's your little pants. These look really comfy. What happened? Well, he left. I'm like, I'm having-- Russell? Yeah, he left. It's so rare that, you know, that we get to really dance and have fun. Did he just get mad? I don't want you having fun? I don't get it. He said I'm done. I'm going to go home. And I said, well, I kind of want to stay. So now I feel bad, and this your night, so I don't talk about this, but-- Does he not like to see you have fun? I just don't-- I don't know. But-- KYLE: I felt bad for Taylor because if my husband ever did that, I would really feel bad. What I observe, he's very serious. I feel so disconnected, and I think it's because he's so busy in his mind worrying about all these deals and ventures. I know, but no offence, my husband is busy too worrying about all these deals also, but he doesn't get upset like that. I mean, he doesn't-- And I looked over and I'm like Mauricio-- KYLE: My husband works his ass off every day-- --is jumping around and having a blast and enjoying his free time. Exactly. So who cares about him. Let him go home and do his thing, and we'll have fun. But I-- KYLE: We'll make it just girls. Would that be better? I'm thinking that's better. I'm thinking we don't need men. Sometimes just girls is better. Sometimes just girls is just better. Yeah. I love you. I don't know what she and Russell have, but it seems to me like Taylor is always questioning whether she deserves to be happy or not. I think everyone deserves to be happy. I have to go. I need to get a good night's sleep, and I'd be worried. l love you. Will you kiss Mauricio for me-- I will. --and tell him happy, happy, happy 29th? I will. I am. I will. Yeah, I will. TAYLOR: Even this night should have been a lot of fun, and I felt like it was, but, you know, for everyone else. And I feel like I have this life that I want to celebrate. I just wish he would celebrate with me. Thank you. NARRATOR: Next time on "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills." There she is. KYLE: I am so proud of you and love you more than words could ever explain. Paul, do you like this? PAUL: That I don't like. Oh, you don't know. Cut the crap. Be honest. That's what I'm saying. Stop laughing and joking. Because after you're laughing and joking, it's masking how you feel. TAYLOR: Hey. So. TAYLOR: My husband told me that he was done with our marriage. KYLE: To learn more about the "Housewives," OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 