Fastest Car: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Fastest Car 
 s2e3 - Not Your Typical Supercar Driver - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Fastest Car (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Not Your Typical Supercar Driver - full transcript 
 A young man brings his '80 Oldsmobile station wagon to face the driver of a highly modified '95 Ford Taurus, a rapper in his '84 Oldsmobile Cutlass and a vehicle wrap entrepreneur in his 2018 McLaren 720S supercar. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I went through a real tragic situation, but racing was where I had that brotherhood. They was there for me. It's not just about racing. You know, my crew, that's who my family is. And I think if they saw me beat a supercar, they'd be pretty proud. The car got its name, the Blue Turd, because it needed a lot of work. I put so much money into this car just to prove others wrong. The McLaren's the fastest car you can buy off the showroom 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 as far as a supercar goes. I just want to see how fast we can get this son of a bitch to go. I want to win just to prove that you don't have to make a lot of money to do this kind of stuff. There's only gonna be one winner. Ezzy motherfuckin' Money! Tryin' to get this shit right. Go down the track. Get this money. A little hustle. That's the culture. - Ready, yo. - We dig this. ♪ Rev, rev, yeah, run ♪ ♪ Gotta stroker motor Yeah, bitch, I'm runnin' ♪ ♪ Got a supercharger, nigga Yeah, I'm runnin' ♪ ♪ Yeah, nigga, I'm runnin' ♪ My name is Erron Jackson, AKA Ezzy Money. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ Switchin' lanes... ♪ I'm a rapper. I started a music label. I kinda do it all. ♪ Gotta stroker motor Yeah, bitch, I'm runnin' ♪ I started rapping... It became somethin' I got really good at. And within a year or two, I was openin' up for big-time artists. I mean, it just all happened so fast. But I guess I'm talented. ♪ Switchin' lanes, yeah, I'm runnin' ♪ ♪ Got the top down today 'Cause it's sunny ♪ Of course I love music, but nothing in the world to me is like racing. I drive a 1984 Cutlass, and I call it "747" because of how fast it is. So, I like to compare her to a jet. When I get in the car to race, the whole world is blocked out. It's just a feelin'. I hate that it's only fucking four or five seconds down the track. Speed is in my blood. Deep in my blood. I have uncles that were drivers, and my dad even drove. The first time I went to the drag strip, I was about five. Oh, man! I was the five-year-old talkin' soul smack, like, "We gon' beat you," like "We came to beat you!" I grew up in a competitive family. About 17 is when I started racing for money. Man, I got so good, I created a name for myself. Everybody was trying to jump on me. It was like, "Yeah, I want some!" So I'm like, "Hey, stack it up. What you wanna do?" Man, I won, like, 15 grand before I knew it. Everybody loved me because of how I'm drivin' the car. People are callin' me, "Can I put your car on a flyer?" "Can I pay you to come to my race?" Man, I loved it. And then one day, I met my girlfriend. We have this real strong bond. It was just beautiful. In 2016, we're freshly married, end up discovering that she was pregnant. So, we were in, like, la-la land right now. Like, we're winnin' races, bring the baby in. Everything is lovely. After the fifth month, they admitted us into the hospital. "We have to do an emergency C-section right now. She's trying to come out." She was a pound and three ounces. The doctor, he said that if she made it 72 hours, that she was here to stay. After two months went by, every day was like a different hope. "This is gonna work." Um... She's gettin' bigger. They were tryin' everything they can. And one day, I left to go and get some stuff... I thought I was prepared to do this, but I can't. Um... Hell, she made it three months. Shit hurt bad. You know, it hurt real bad. I went a long time of just feelin' like, if you haven't been through the similar thing, you can't tell me. Like, I don't care if you lost your mom, your dad, but your child is totally different. That just messed my family up. So, me and my wife split up, which made it ten times harder. Racing is where I had that brotherhood. When I was going to the shop, they knew it was killing me. They was there for me. Racin' is a real big purpose for me, because a lot of people go through stuff, and it deters them and they never come back. You know, I went through a real tragic situation and I was really ready to give up. Every time I get in a car and I put these seat belts on, she talks to me, and we have a little conversation about the race I'm about to do. I got a picture where I'm holdin' her that I like to look at a lot. And I just tell her, "I'm doin' it for you, baby. Like, watch over me." I'mma make her proud. Yeah. Let me get some of that salt. Put that sprinkle, sprinkle in that thing, boy. I'm Austin Pate from Columbus, Georgia. My dad was a small engine mechanic for a small landscaping company, and I just acquired the taste for anything that had a motor. I'd build bicycles with chainsaw motors on 'em, drive 'em around the neighborhood. Built a hoverboard one time out of a tarp, a piece of plywood, and a blower. And everybody in my family thought it was a lot different for somebody as young as me to be doin' stuff like that. I mean, everybody was just, you know, into sports and stuff like that. I really didn't care for it. It was all about, you know, goin' fast. This is a 1980 Cutlass Station Wagon. I paid $700 for it. With a Turbo 4.8 LS motor out of an old pickup truck. The car's name is Shots Fired. The wagon just appealed to me because it's different, but it's also unsuspecting. I don't think anybody would ever expect somebody to make 'em this fast. I mean, top speed was 99 miles an hour, and we take 'em to 170. My childhood was pretty good. I mean, every family has their ups and downs. My dad was more of a rougher individual growin' up. He would get on drugs probably about every four years. Even when I was six years old, I knew he was on drugs. It would kill me. I mean, it's your dad that's supposed to love you just lyin' to your face and choosin' some drug over, you know, the family. They decided to fire him from the landscaping company. He went in there and stole a bunch of equipment. They tried to keep him from getting his tools. He took a gun there and ended up in jail over it. It put stress on my mom, which put stress on me and my brother, till it got to the point where my mom just couldn't take it anymore. I don't blame her. You can only give somebody so many chances. It wrecked our family, and my dad didn't want to pay child support. My mom had to provide for us. She made sure we had everything we needed. I just basically set it in stone that I'd never be like that. Ridin' dirt bikes, that was my getaway. Every day, as soon as I got home, I would hop on my dirt bike and I'd ride till it was night. That was my happy place. That was what I enjoyed to do. I transferred over to wanting to go fast in a car, so then I would go to the drag strip. I met all the guys that I hang out with now. Do you remember that time Austin tried to race without any gas in his car? The crew that I hang out with is a lot of people just like me, the Salty Crew. It's not just about racing. We hang out with each other outside of going to the track, and if somebody needs help, anybody's willin' to help them. I still got that video where you and Jamie was racing down the highway that day. The whole car fallin' off that he raced in that first time! Me and my crew, we're definitely the underdog when it comes to a lot of things. I mean, I really haven't had family encouraging me to build this car. It's always been, "Oh, it's a waste of money." But this is what makes me happy, this is what I do. Austin is representin' us. Right, yeah. We gotta represent C-Town, man. I mean... We... we're a small-knit community here. We stick together. We try to, anyways. This is big for us, man, for real. This is real big. You know, my crew, that's who my family is whenever it comes to racin'. It would mean a lot to me to win this race. And I think if they saw me beat a supercar, they'd be pretty proud. - What's goin' on, man? - Not much, you? Oh, selling the best tools in the world. - Hey, bud, what's up, man? - What's up, man? - What you got on here today? - Check this out. This is the new diagnostic thermal imager. - Any failure on a car... - Yeah. ...has some kind of heat trace. Let's look at Ryan. - He's turning red. - Oh, that's crazy. My name's Zach Wright, and my car changed my life, 100%. If it wasn't for my car, I wouldn't have my job. It brought me my fiancée, because we had two mutual friends through the car world. If I didn't have the car, I would've never met her. - So is that a yes? - Yes! Woo! This is my 1995 Ford Taurus. Now, this car, when it came out, it was basically built to haul your family to and from church. ♪ Taurus! ♪ ♪ Now a North American car ♪ ♪ With the shape and the feel ♪ ♪ We've never seen before ♪ ♪ Taurus! ♪ ♪ Have you driven a Ford lately? ♪ The first time I drove the car to school, they thought I was a joke. The car quickly got its name, the Blue Turd, because it needed a lot of work. I got into... really modifying it. I knew I wanted to make the car faster. I put so much money into this car, maybe $100,000, just to prove others wrong. After I started racing, people were like, "Holy crap, this guy was right. His Taurus is fast. Have you beat the Taurus yet?" My dad was with me the day I bought this car for $950 in Florida. My dad was into anything that got your adrenaline going. And it's rubbed off on me entirely. Me and my dad were best friends. I was always trying to do stuff with him. I wanted to make sure that I got to spend the most time with him that I could. We went jet skiing two years ago, and we're racing, and I saw my dad hunch over, and he fell into the water. And I got to my dad really fast. I swim him over to the coast... and he wasn't breathing. And... I, uh... I did CPR on my dad for 35 minutes. And, uh... I lost my best friend that day. It took over a year before I found out the cause. Cardiovascular disease. He was 47 years old. My car has always been my escape. I can take myself to that garage and I can do something constructive. When I lost my dad, I buried myself in that car, because I could fall over and die tomorrow, but I'm gonna know today I did something I enjoyed. I'm proud that I'm exactly like him, because I know if you had asked my dad how he wanted to go, would he want to sit in a hospital, dyin', or ridin' the shit out of a jet ski with his boy? That's how he would want it. Winning this race is really important to me, because I know my dad's gonna watch it. My dad's gonna say, "That's my son. That's my boy." You know anything about the cars you're up against? I really don't know what I'm gonna be racin', or who I'm gonna be racin'. I think they're certainly gonna be expecting the average supercar owner, but I don't think I really fit that bill. My name is Justin Norton. I'm every rapper's favorite wrapper. I own a business that does vehicle wraps. Most Atlanta rappers know me on a first name basis. Aside from front row at the concerts, to me, the perk is the cars. I get to play with every exotic car you could ever dream of. I drive a 2018 McLaren 720S. The car's really a magnificent work of art. Most built-car owners hate on supercars and say, "I would never buy a supercar." Well, if a Maxim model asked you out on a date, and you say you would rather take out some fourth-grade overweight school teacher... I ain't buyin' that shit. I have a nice collection of cars valued around a million dollars. This life is definitely not what I expected. I just knew that I was doin' something I really enjoyed, and I was gettin' a whole lot of praise for it. And we ended up makin' good money off of it. My hands are still cut up, and I'm in the back, workin' with my guys 15 hours a day, whatever it takes. If you want it bad enough, you'll work your ass off. As a kid, I didn't have a whole lot. I wake up in shock every day. I'm still the same kid that I was years ago. I just grew upand got a lot fucking cooler toys to play with now. The McLaren's the fastest car you can buy off the showroom as far as a supercar goes. I want to be the fastest because that's just who I am. I always had a saying: I'm not savin' my car for the next guy. I'm not savin' my wife for her next husband. You're gonna know I was there and I had all the fun I could have with it when I'm done. I'm excited to get into the race. I'll be the last one on the brakes, the first one on the gas, and I'm gonna lead the pack. We're racing... 2018 McLaren 720S. - That's a fast one. - Yeah. Another "catch" to this is, it's quarter-mile. This car will not make a quarter mile under power. We gotta beat it, regardless. We need to change the gear out to make a quarter mile. All right, guys, we gotta get to work. That Cutlass is not set up for a quarter mile. So, right after the eighth mile, his car just won't go any faster, but we want Ezzy to be able to keep applying power all the way down the track. So this gear here should give us about 30 miles an hour extra in the quarter mile. Soon as they get through cleaning this up, we'll dab her in and go test. We've put in so many hours into this car. I mean, it's more than a team. It's really just like a big family. What up? I know I have plenty of power to outrun a car, but racing against a supercar is all gonna depend on traction. On a unprepped surface, there's no telling what's gonna happen. You could leave, blow the tires off, and that's the race. That's it. There's no comin' back from that. Then we're going to take them shocks off, adjust 'em a little bit, just to try to make, you know, all the traction I can. Give it a bit more bite whenever it leaves. The better we can keep the traction to the ground, the more power we can put to it. Let's make it happen. Now we need to tighten the front shocks to keep the weight on the rear end. That should improve the launch. This is broke, but we're broke pieces of shit, - so we have to use it. - Too bad we're not rich. But then we wouldn't have the fun of workin' on it. - What do they call it? "Built not bought"? - Yeah. I don't know about y'all, but I hate workin' on stuff. The wagon took me probably two years to get it to where it is now. It was pretty rough, workin' on the car. There's a lot of expensive stuff on it. I would just plan it out and be like, "I need this. I can have it in there in four weeks if I work this much overtime and don't spend any money." Being able to compete with a car that's $300,000 is just unreal to most people. Once we get all this done, we get to the track and see what the adjustment on the shock did for us. Sounds good to me. If I can get this damn shock on here. I need to give this a little more weight transfer. Gives a little more traction. I'm gonna need a six-pack of Coronas after this. I'm really confident I'm actually gonna win. For the kind of race that it is, I don't think a lot of cars can hang out with me. Yeah. I haven't seen a Ford Taurus as a race car, so... I've seen a lot at the junkyard. And a lot at retirement homes. I got work to do. - Jason's here now. - All right, babe. I'm gonna go to the garage. - I love you. - Love you. So, it's a quarter-mile race. Let's find out what that does. - I'm seeing a 10.3. - Just gotta keep goin' faster. Put, like, 35 pounds of boost through it. Once this thing hits third gear, - I mean, fuckin' sayonara. - Yeah. Since we're gonna be runnin' more boost, - I'mna take it all apart... - Okay. and do a retorque on the head gaskets, so we don't blow anything up. All right. Lift her on up. From the time I wake up in the mornin', I love my job. I go home, I get to see my fiancée. I get to go to my garage and I get to enjoy my hobby. I get to race my car. I truly have the most fun I can. My dad taught me all that. My dad was that guy. My dad was the guy that had everything. Maybe he didn't have no money. He had the most fun, though. And, you know, I'm just like him. We've tightened those heads down, so now we're gonna throw a bunch more boost at it, 'cause it's going to take a lot of power - to get around that car. - I know. All right, this is the, uh, last one. Get this puppy... assembled again... And we're gonna hit the dyno. What do you think the supercar driver's doin'? Sittin' on a beach somewhere drinkin' mimosas. You make it sound bad. Whatever he's doin', I bet you he's not working on the car to make it go faster. To get ready for this race, I'm gonna do basically nothing. While everybody else is stressing, we're gonna be relaxing. And they don't know my history and abilities. I know what my job is. I know how to get it done. I'm focused on being the first one to the finish line. I grew up in the country in this double-wide trailer, and didn't have a whole lot. I would walk all the way from here up to the red light to catch the bus. It wasn't quite as bad as the walk to Dairy Queen for my first job. I couldn't see you doing that now. No, I'd certainly drive. When I turned 16, I bought a Kawasaki Ninja 750. I came home and my mom said, "If you're gonna ride that bike, you're not gonna live in my house." And the first thing I said was, "Give me five minutes to pack my shit," uh, and I was out. At 18, when I started racin' serious, I had a wonderful time racin' motorcycles. I got to travel. I got to meet a lot of people. I was constantly on the edge of life and death. At that age, I'm invincible, until my son was born... and I had somethin' else to live for. I still needed that adrenaline rush, so I started buildin' some Mustangs. Then that led into doin' a little bit of street racin'. I had some buddies that were street racin' down in Atlanta with different high-end clients. And we were jockeys. We were skinny little kids that had no fear, but we could drive. You know, my family has been overly supportive, especially when it comes to racin'. And my wife Danielle, we're either here at the shop or we're out doin' some show or a race or event. I'm always tryin' to impress them. That's where I get my enjoyment. I'm a fighter. I've been that way my whole life. If I were a dog, I'd be a pit bull. It's just who I am. I'm gonna beat the shit out of this car, and if you're in my way, you're just a speed bump. - All right, drag it, Austin. - You know what you gotta do. Hopefully this bitch hooks up. Really, all... all that I did on my car was, uh... change the shocks on it. I'm gonna do some testin' and see if we got more traction. Brakes feel kinda weird. Somethin' was rattlin' - whenever I did that burnout. - Was it? Come on, baby! Let's eat! It sounds like Austin is making noises he ain't never made. When he hits it, I hear somethin' clunkin' in there. You got brake fluid comin' out. The brakes didn't feel right. Always somethin'. It's definitely frustratin' for sure, but it happens all the time. This is part of the built versus bought, for sure. I mean, you probably wouldn't have this problem on a Lamborghini. But this is what racing's about. - So the back brakes are wet. - Yeah. They've been well used. They still work, but it's got a small leak. If we can get brake pads, we'll be able to run it. Havin' everybody here is just, that's a normal Sunday. I mean, the Salty Crew, they'll do anything for each other. It took a little while to fix it, but... that same day we ended up makin' passin'. - Are we ready? Are we gonna go? - Yeah. I think everything is good. You got your seat belt, helmet. - Okay, do your burnout. - Okay. The car is used to runnin' eighth a mile. We had to re-gear it, so we're gonna test it out. I hope it'll work better in the quarter, because there's so much power, it gets to open up. It looked good. Yeah, that felt real good. - It felt like it was a lot more lift. - That's what we want. The gearing was definitely a big change, because when I got to the eighth mile, it was still roaring, like, "Hey, I need more track." - Maybe that one's gone. - I'll hold it. Realistically, when you come out here and you makin' passes, things move around. You know, probably a few bolts here and there need to be tightened. It seems like it's gonna work better in the quarter, because there's so much power, it gets to open up. Those extra feet make a difference. ♪ The McLaren's in trouble! ♪ ♪ This is about to be A gap-type situation! ♪ We all ready? We're gonna hit the dyno. Turn. Oh, oh! Is it strapped down all nice and tight? Yes, sir. I did a retorque on the head gasket. Now we can crank the boost up. We'll get on the dyno and try to make more horsepower. - Good? - Yes, sir. We're gonna make the first pull. Somethin' hit. Was that the boost pipe? It went red. Threw a cam sensor error. The computer on the car is throwing a sensor error. Gonna have to see if I can figure it out. All right, so that's probably a weak ignition system. Got a big race comin' up, and we're gonna get the car done. Whatever it takes. So set those to re-sync the cam. - Yes, this is it. - Okay. We're gettin' ready to do another pull, see if it's fixed. Check the diagnostics tab. - There you go. - Nice. The ignition system was causing a false error. Once we adjusted the spark plugs, it fixed the problem. The tune-up that I put in it is going to freight train like a motherfucker in third and fourth gear. With no risk, there is no reward. My motivation to win is my daughter lookin' down on me. I got blood, sweat, and tears in this. Racin' against a supercar is gonna be a fight. It's hard to compete with somebody with a supercar that has all that money. I want to win just to prove that you don't have to make a lot of money to do this kind of stuff. This is just a backyard build. I mean, it's a fast car. My dad showed me that you never give up. Everything he did, he did it to 110%. The supercar guys don't have the passion. I don't consider them car guys. I'm gonna win this race because of how much drive I have. Just because you didn't build the car doesn't mean you didn't work your ass off to acquire it and appreciate it. Every time I get in the car, I feel like a racehorse in the stall ready to go. I just want to see how fast we can get this son of a bitch to go. Last night, I was getting fast-paced heartbeats because I'm thinkin' about the race. But when I'm in the car, the nerves go away. I'm confident. I don't ever show up to a race for second place. Look, they pulled me in first. Does that make me the bad guy? The competitive juices are definitely flowin'. I'm just so ready to do this. Definitely a nitrous car. Whomp-whomp, ba-ba! He gon' need a lot of nitrous to stay in front of this. - Hey, hey, hey. - How's it going? This thing fast or what? Just the Turd, man. - Erron, Ezzy Money. - Zach. You care if I look? No, go ahead. Good old G-body. I'd be willing to bet anything that yours is 500 pounds plus lighter than mine. You brought two more cylinders than me, though. Six cylinders make a lot of power in a light car. She ain't as light as you think, I promise. Shit, man. We been racin' for a long time. First impression I got from Zach was definitely arrogant. But once I popped the hood and he started lookin' at my car, he toned it down a whole lot! Now, this is the one that's pretty. - Ooh, shit! Y'all can eat off of it. - Woo! I'll take the front bumper off. I think he may get a little too cocky and leave it on full power. I mean, no car can pretty much hook in this weather on this type of pavement. So I don't think he realizes he's gonna spin, then watch me drive by him. Here it comes. That shit's too quiet. Gotta be a turbo car. Oh, it's definitely a turbo car. That car look fast. - How's it goin'? Zach. - How's it goin'? Austin. Nice to meet you. What's goin' on, man? Damn, y'all didn't tell me there'd be race cars here. Shit, these are street cars. I'm the only one without skinnies. What you talkin' about? - You care if we look? - Yeah, go ahead and look at it. Woo! That's a big transmission. - It's set up. - Aaah. It's low. - Care to pop the hood? - Uh, latch might be broke on it. You know, Oldsmobile, you gotta bump it. - Give her a little love tap. - There you go. Like 150-size turbo. It's a little baby turbo with a hurt motor. - A junkyard motor? - Yeah. Probably right out of Pick-n-Pull. I honestly don't care what people think about junkyard-built cars. I mean, as long as it works. You know, if it blows, it blows. It don't, it don't. But... we... we gon' race it. Now, I wanna see this 1,500-horsepower Cutlass over here you got. Man, I wish it was 1,500 horsepower. The Cutlass, that's gettin' right there in drag car territory. - Damn, what was his name with the Cutlass? - Ezzy Money. - Ezzy Money? - Yeah. That's his actual name? Well, I think that's what he calls himself. It's nice stuff. Wish I had that kind of money. I can't even afford to call to ask for prices. This car here'll break up a happy home. That's all I can say. I haven't had a happy wallet since I got that car. Ezzy Money's definitely a competitive person. I know his nitrous Cutlass sure is gonna be a fast car. I wanna know where the McLaren is. I wanna see it. I hear it. Oh, shit. That's a bad motherfucker right there. Look at them tires. Life's good. Life's great. I know if I were in their shoes, I would think, "Supercar owner isn't gonna be able to drive the car." And I'm just the opposite. So this is who we got to play with, huh? How long you had the car? - Uh, little over a year, yeah. - So you got a good feel for it now, huh? No! How do you drive that thing? I don't know. This motherfucker bad. Shit. It's aerodynamic like a motherfucker. - Yeah, I mean, it moves. It moves. - Does it already... A Z06? Would you be interested in rentin' it out for videos and stuff like that? - We do, yeah, yeah. - Okay. Yeah, I mean, I own Atlanta Custom Wraps, so I do all the rappers in Atlanta. I rap too. You look like I'd have seen you before. I'm sure you have, sir. So who owns this one? - Jesus. - Jesus? - Jesus, I'm Justin. - Austin. Nice to meet you. What kind of boost it running? Uh... I honestly don't know. Probably around, like, 20. Yeah? Nice. Looks like we're all gonna have some fun, man. I'm all about LS shit. I think this one got a good chance if you got a good tune in it and it hooks. Well, I don't know. The odds of that are pretty unlikely, but, yeah, she's hurt right now. - That's some street racer shit. - Oh. Maybe I do have somethin' to worry about. It was surprising he actually knew some of the stuff we have on our cars, certain parts and components. He's a real, like, die-hard drag racer, and he's gonna be a contender. Who you got your money on? You got the Cutlass, shaggin' wagon, and then you got the Taurus. Would you say the Sheriff's going to pull in last? Yeah, they got a hurt motor. Baby, that's the first excuse somebody says. They were on the way here like, "Yo, we gon' tell all these motherfuckers it's broke." Bullshit it's broke. Drivers and teams, may I have your attention, please? We're gonna begin the process of moving the cars to the track location. Oh, shit just got real. All right. We're gonna leave now, so please get to your cars. I am freezin' to death. I can't wait to get back in my McLaren, act like a snooty asshole, and turn my seat warmers on, watch these guys frantically worry about tire pressure and engine temps and whatever else is gonna break on their cars today. If I can take a $400 motor out of an old wrecked truck and make enough horsepower to outrun the fastest supercar there is, that would just show that you can get anywhere you want to. All you gotta do is put your mind to it and put time into things. Today is ten times more meaningful than just goin' to the track, winnin' a race. I mean, today I'm gonna be beatin' a $400,000 car. I feel real good. Drivers, out of the cars, please. Teams, come on over, please. Everyone. It's too cold! - Hey, buddy. - Hey. Today we are going to run a qualifying race, and the winner will go on to the championship round in Southern California. - So good luck to all of you. - Get it! There's only gonna be one winner, Ezzy motherfuckin' Money! I don't gotta get in that car and beat the fuck out of it like it owes me money. Leave on green, shift your gears, drive the car. It's gonna go really fast. The only thing I'm antsy about is how much longer I gotta wait for these other three cars to get ready. Let's get the damn race on. I was born into racing. I believe it's somethin' that runs in your blood. Visualize what you're about to do and let the machines do the rest of the work. I know my dad's watchin' this, so I'm gonna make him proud. My daughter is the angel, so she watchin'. I know she's just, like, smilin', like, "Get 'em, Daddy. Get 'em!" I might not have the same money that somebody else does, but I'm gonna do what I can do to win this race. - That was a good race. - Who won? It looked like the wagon. McLaren didn't go back around. - You don't think so? - I don't think so, no. Morgan, do we have race results? Over. It's too close to call. We have to go to the video. You can come on out. Drivers out, please. Hey, man, you can drive. Who won? Do you know? - They gotta look at the camera. - Oh. There you are, man. Way to go. Drivers, step forward, please. You guys gave us a great race. I'll tell you, it was the closet race we have ever had in Fastest Car history. - Oh, wow. - Awesome. So what y'all been waitin' for, the results. So in fourth place, we have Zach in the Taurus. It was a decent run. I'm not disappointed at all, so... And in third place, we have Ezzy. I had fun. I ain't salty. All right. The final two positions. We had to go to the video and watch it frame by frame to find out who is gonna go to the championship race in California. And that person... is... Come on! ...drivin' the supercar. We have Justin! - Hell of a race. - That was a good one. Hell of a race to all of you. I know who won. Aaaah! Justin, he's just like us. Nobody out here hates supercars. They're expensive, we can't afford 'em, but we'll do whatever it takes to make a car as fast, we're gonna do it. I like being able to come out here and do this in a old 1980s station wagon. You know, a photo finish. I think it blew everybody away how close it was. It makes me feel good. In all honesty, I wasn't sure I was gonna win today. I got a lot of respect for these guys. I definitely wanna hear all the shit-talkin' that went on before I pulled up this mornin', and I want pictures of these faces now, so... I was fully expectin' supercar guy to show up, arrogant, cocky. - And you're a real car guy. - Thank you. I might have came last, but, I swear to God, I gave it all of it. My dad's the only reason I got that car. Thank you for the opportunity. Man, go out there and go balls to the fuckin' wall. - Guaranteed, sir. - That's what I got to say. I like Justin. He's just one of us. Like, it was more than just coming here to race. It was about building relationships and just havin' fun. You know, life is too short. Thank you, baby. We didn't win, but I drove and I'm safe. Bringin' it back home. I'm gonna give 'em hell. It was always about the pride, regardless of what car we have or what our bank accounts look like. You can achieve anything in life you want if you're willin' to work hard enough and put in the hours. We're takin' the McLaren and movin' on to the finale. We earned every single bit of it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 