Hunting Hitler: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hunting Hitler 
 s2e2 - The Compound - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hunting Hitler (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - The Compound - full transcript 
 Bob and John's dual investigation continues in Europe and Argentina. While investigating makeshift runways as an escape from Berlin by air, the team finds reason to believe Hitler would have had a stopping point on the way to Spain. Following files that place Hitler in Denmark after the war, Lenny and James Holland head to Denmark, where they investigate an airstrip and a massive bunker system 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In the context of looking for Hitler's escape route, we are now getting into specifics for the first time. A certain ex-Luftwaffe pilot, Captain Baumgart, swore under oath that he flew Hitler from Berlin on 29 April 1945. - Maybe there really is a plan B, a plan C, and a plan D that we don't know about. - You have here the Fuehrerbunker. Just 20 to 25 meters away, I found an exit very close to the bunker. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Now Hitler's got another way out. - A plane which was piloted by Hanna Reitsch flew out of Berlin from the Brandenburg Gate. - It looks like it was a runway. It was a makeshift runway. - Hanna Reitsch, she's able to fly a plane in and out of here on April 28th. Allegedly, on April 29th, Baumgart flies Hitler out of here. But what about these lampposts? How you gonna get wings of an airplane down here? - We generate a 360-degree spherical image. - You can see everything. - Look what they've got here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - You're actually talking about a defensible militarized zone. - Misiones, Argentina. - That is huge. - Why is this in the middle of the jungle? - The person that is using this is protected by the people that are using that. HUNTING HITLER - SEASON 2 EP - 2 - The Compound - I just think Misiones, it's just, like, bizarre. I mean, who was living up there? And for what reason? And what were they protecting? Bob Baer and war crimes investigator Dr. John Cencich are overseeing a dual-pronged investigation while the European team investigates a reported escape by Hitler from Berlin the day before he was believed dead. Bob and John focus in on the South American leg of their investigation. In the jungles of Misiones, Argentina, they have uncovered four mysterious structures in the same area that a declassified Argentinian document reports the presence of a Nazi militarized outpost. - We have found there a compound that could have protected somebody of Hitler's stature. I've never seen anything like this. You've got the buildings, all these Nazi artifacts. You've got a barracks. You've got military bullets. And then you've got china. I mean, who takes china into the middle of the jungle? For what reason? I want somebody to explain to me what this compound was and why those people inside the compound had to set up a military base. For whom? - If we can find more evidence of structures or the ability to defend this high-value target, that means that this is some sort of Nazi military compound. - I agree. If, in fact, it was a compound, there's stuff to be dug up. - We keep finding stuff, but we're not finding answers. We're just finding more questions. U.S. Army Special Forces Tim Kennedy, along with archaeologists Daniel Schávelzon and Alasdair Brooks, investigate the dense jungle surrounding building number four, which appears to have been a military barracks less than a mile from the other three residential structures. - When you're trying to paint a comprehensive picture of what a military compound would look like in a jungle, you're looking for observation posts, structures, defensive positions. This is way more than a hideout in the jungle. But if this is a military outpost, I have to see a lot more. Daniel, Tim! - Hey. What'd you find? - If we come up here, we've got these few loose rocks. If we follow it through, this isn't a natural formation. - Yeah, you're right. - That's kind of weird. - It's very clear it's a manmade feature. It's a wall in a straight line. - Wow. - The construction technique for these walls is fairly basic. It's just rocks laying on top of each other. But you can see those levels building up. They are clearly artificial. A certain level of planning and intent seems to have gone into this stone wall. It looks like it's making use of natural features in the landscape. And it seems to be going up to another natural feature up there. Whether it goes any further than that is an open question right now. - All right, I'm gonna go right. We'll make this our center point for right now and our working area. - Yes. - To build something like this wall in the middle of the jungle, where there's no one for miles, that was by design, and that was for a reason. Has to serve a purpose. I want to find out the purpose. Yeah, we got something over here for sure. Another one. This is a second wall. Powerfully constructed, strategically located. Got another wall down there? Oh, man. Oh, this is absolutely connected. Another wall for sure. Damn. This is legit. Hey, guys! - Have something? - Yeah, there's a full rock face right here. - Looks like you have a couple of lines of stone here, and that's definitely artificial again. What we're seeing here is a much more impressive sequence than the wall we started with. This is much higher and then has flat, terraced levels rising down from where the two of you are standing. The team has discovered a terrace-like structure, two tiers of paved ground reinforced by manmade stone walls built into the hillside. - Do you have any idea what the terraces are for? - So the flat ground... You can't have troops running back and forth, tripping and breaking their necks. You can't set up machine guns. You can't fight off of uneven ground. You want every single advantage. You want them to have the disadvantage of coming up a hill. You want to be at the top of the hill. If you're coming up and you get to this, this is gonna slow you down for a second. That is long enough for you to die. This is them setting themselves up for success. This terrace is in a very well-made fighting position. It's made by somebody that knows what they're doing, somebody that has built battle positions before, and it screams military. What is that thing? You see that? Gentlemen. - Yes. - Yeah. - I got something. Come up here. Check this out. Yes. Oh! Holy. What is this? Even though there's not much left, you can see where the door and the posts went from the framework. - Yes. Still have a little bit of the entrance threshold here as well. - This is a standalone building that serves a functional purpose. - We just don't know what that is yet. - It's one room, you know, with two doors and a window. - We know what this building's not. This building is not for somebody to live. - No restroom, no kitchen, no nothing. - What the hell is this thing? Guard shack? That's what it feels like. Where it's situated, you have obvious layers of protective defensive structures through the jungle. These segments of the wall that we can find probably formed an entire perimeter around the original structures... Buildings one, two, and three... At the center. This feels like another layer of defense. This is the exact spot I would have put a guard shack. This very well could be where you're gonna be launching patrols from, do all the things that you would have to do to create another layer of protection for who was behind it. - This is amazing technology, you know? There's the Brandenburg Gate. While the South American team continues to investigate the potential Nazi military compound in Argentina, Bob and John review the 3D laser scans from Berlin to determine if the avenue extending from the Brandenburg Gate could be the location where a declassified MI6 file reports Luftwaffe pilot Peter Baumgart flew Hitler from Berlin the day before he was believed dead. 6,033 feet. That's a lot of feet for a short takeoff/landing. - Just a little over a mile. - Yeah, I mean, it's more than you need. Let's look at the width. 93 feet. - Except let's not forget that the lampposts had been removed. That gives us 144 feet. - 144 feet, which you could land a C-130. - Almost any plane. A DC-3 could have got out of there on this particular makeshift runway. So, really, there isn't any question in my mind that Baumgart could have gotten out of Berlin. I mean, it's long enough. It's wide enough. It works. - There's no other explanation other than they were turning this into a makeshift runway. Hanna Reitsch used it on the 28th, makes it out successfully... A test run, if you like. The 29th, Baumgart says he flew Hitler out, and Hitler supposedly dies on the 30th. The detail is all coming together to paint a picture of Hitler's possible escape like we've never seen before, ever. - All of this fits together. But I think we really have an issue. According to this MI6 file, Baumgart flew a Messerschmitt, an Me-108. It had a range of about 600 or 700 miles. They're not long-distance planes. These types of aircraft being used at this makeshift runway, no way could they have made it to Spain. It's 2,000 miles away. Earlier in the investigation, we determined that one of the very likely routes out of Berlin would have been to Spain. We have an FBI document, and it states here, "Hitler refused to involve Spain in the war, "because he has a promise of sanctuary there when Germany is defeated." - There's one man that Hitler could go to for salvation: to leader of Spain, the dictator Franco. - If Hitler's fleeing Berlin, it's certainly possible that he would have gone to Spain. But it's most likely that he had an intermediate stop on one of the smaller aircraft. - And where would you go this late in the game? - Well, let's dig into this database and see exactly what we have on Baumgart and where he could have actually gone. There we go. The reporting agency is MI6. This is a report from 18 December 1947. "Baumgart arrived at Berlin on 28 March 1945. "In April, he was ordered to convey to Denmark "a very high official, and there was reason to believe that the person in question must have been Hitler himself." - The plot thickens. - Denmark makes a lot of sense. It's not like the Allies are landing on the beaches there. They're coming through France, and the Russians are coming across Germany. So there's no battle going on in Denmark at the time. Until May 5th, Denmark was still a Nazi stronghold. I mean, you could land an airplane there. - From Berlin to the heart of Denmark is just a hair short of 300 miles. - That is a short flight with a fast military airplane. - We need to get the team into Denmark. We know Nazi infrastructure's obviously in Germany and in other countries, but we really need to be able to zero in on Denmark to see what type of Nazi infrastructures were there. It's still something that needs to be answered. - Yeah, let's get to Denmark, see if it was a stopping point. I'll bet we find something. - If you're on the run, you need a network, don't you? - You absolutely need a network, and a guy like Hitler, of course, at that point, he's the most wanted man in the world, so he's only gonna trust a very few people. Lenny DePaul, former U.S. Marshal commander, is joined by James Holland, world-renowned historian and expert on Nazis during World War II. - An investigation like this, you simply can't look at it from a 21st-century perspective. I've been studying this for many years, trying to get into the head of Adolf Hitler and to the Nazi elite. You need that historical context. To determine the extent of the Nazi presence in Denmark that could have been at Hitler's disposal at the end of the war, the team is heading to a little-known German military installation along the Danish coast. - If this was Adolf Hitler's exact plan of escape, to head north to Denmark, he would have set the table. He would have had the right infrastructure, the right people in place. So I'm gonna shake a lot of trees and see what falls out of them around here. Well, here we are. - Oh, that's him. Hello? - Christian? - Christian. - Right, right. - Nice to meet you. - Yeah, and you. Good to see you. - Nice to meet you. Christian Ringskof, the head curator of the site, is granting the team unprecedented access to a series of bunkers used by the Nazis during their occupation of Denmark. - God, Lenny, look at that. - Phew. Wow. - It's incredible, isn't it? - When was this place built, Christian? At the end of World War II, these bunkers were buried out of sight under 33 feet of sand. But in 2008, a massive storm unearthed them, allowing access for the first time since 1945. - So, suddenly, you can get in here. - They dropped everything and went home. - Yeah. - Can we take a look? - Have a look at the width of these walls, Lenny. - Jeez Louise. Solid concrete. - Six feet. - Six feet. - Typical German fashion, huh? Thick concrete walls. - I mean, look at it. It's so solid. - Oh, man. Look at this. The team is granted access to artifacts that were left behind when the Nazi troops fled this area at the end of the war. These objects were entombed in this bunker for nearly 70 years. - This is the sort of thing that makes me very happy, Lenny. - Ooh, look at that. German Luger, right? - Yeah, that's a German Luger. This is really interesting, because your common garden troops are not gonna be carrying a Luger. This is kind of elite stuff. It's not the sort of kit that you're gonna be handing out to recruits. That suggests that you've got some troops in the area who kind of know what they're about. - Oh, really? - In this... in this position. - So there's a radar here. - Really? - There's a whole level of sophistication to support clandestine operations. Something big was going on here. - Look at this room in here. - It's a big one. - Look at this. - Yeah. - What went on in here? - Luftwaffe's here, the German air force. This is like some sort of a command post or a control center? - What aircraft are we talking about here? - Night fighters. Operating from as far north as the Danish coast, the Nazi night fighters were one of the most elite squadrons of Hitler's Luftwaffe air force. Utilizing experimental forms of radar, avionics, and weaponry, they executed missions in the dead of night, wreaking havoc on Allied targets. - Well, the interesting thing, Lenny, about this place is that anyone who's working here is doing so under, you know, high security. You know, you're not allowed to breathe a word of this. In other words, these are people that can keep a secret. These are people you can trust. If I was Hitler and if I was trying to get out, I would want to come to Denmark. It's the one place where the Germans are still occupying, that they've got all the infrastructure that you could possibly want. You've got the secure bunkers, you've got the radar system, and you've got troops. So Denmark is about as good a place as you can hope to go to, as any in the world. - What I really find interesting about Misiones is, of course, we have this fifth structure here that's consistent with the others. While the European team continues to investigate Denmark, Bob and John review the findings from the jungles of Misiones, Argentina, which could be home to a Nazi militarized compound, as reported by a declassified Argentinian document. - It is not consistent with a civilian structure. This is out in the middle of the jungle. These people were prepared for an attack of some sort. - Agreed. And here I have the discoveries that we found from our investigative efforts. There's a wall that's encircling the compound. You have the guard shack, and you also have building number four. It's a two-story structure that looks like it could have been used to house soldiers or security forces. - You know, the patterns, it does look like some sort of outer perimeter. - What's really critical here is building one. This is the one with the opulent residence. This is the epicenter. - Then everything else surrounds that. It's clear to me this was some sort of compound. - Now, look at this, this right here. It's strange. Here's the water, and this is a point that's not protected. This is the proverbial Achilles heel. Anybody that knows anything about fortifying any type of military compound would not leave this open right here. This is pretty conspicuous. - Yeah. - If I was seeking to capture whoever was in building one, there's only one place I would come in, and that's the small inlet shaped just like a heel. And there appears to be a straight shot from the inlet directly to building number one. - You get a Zodiac there on the shore and be up at building one without a protection in two minutes. You simply don't take your chances hoping that nobody's going to come up out of the water. You have to look at all the labor that went into this compound. We're talking millions of dollars to build this place. And if you're going to put that kind of money into it and put military arms into it, you're going to find a way to defend the whole thing. - We need to get our team on the ground here and to find out what else is here or may have been there that would have offered more protection for building number one. - Yeah, we have to complete the picture here. - Movement of a high-value target in this area, you can't find a better place on the planet to do it than right here. Tim Kennedy, Alasdair Brooks, and Daniel Schávelzon navigate the waters of the Paraná River, which runs along the Misiones compound. - So I have our point of interest plotted on the GPS in between these cliffs right at the water's edge. - These cliffs are certainly spectacular. - They're visually stunning, absolutely, but as a climber, those are treacherous. - Even if you're not carrying that much equipment, these are a barrier. - Right around this bend is that spot. - So this is it. - So we have a cliff face here, another cliff here, and this somewhat lower level when you look at it. - That's some of the densest jungle we've seen so far. - There could be someone standing one foot in that vegetation, and we couldn't see them. You could have artillery sitting there, and we couldn't see it. - You could have a house in there, and you couldn't see it. - There are houses in there, and we can't see them. - Absolutely true. It's difficult for us to get close. - Yeah, there's a bunch of logs and tree stumps that are in there too. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You see that? Hey, can we flip back around? - Do you think you saw something? - There is definitely a different color from the vegetation in the background. I saw something kind of tan. - Something over here? - Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. Right there. Is that all one big rock? - It is. - If this is your access point and they're building fortifications that prevent your access, this is strategic. We got to see what that is. Oh, it's cold. - Be careful. - That is way bigger than I thought. And it's thick enough. It would stop bullets. It would stop a grenade. Look at this. That's timber. It's not a tree. This might be the... like, the edge of a foundation to a structure right here. They could have built it right into this wall. It would have had overhead cover. Use some of the vegetation as camouflage, pile it up on top of this. This is completely bullet-proof at the one point that you have access to the shore. Wait. What is this? This, you cannot miss. That is a perfect right angle. These are chisel marks too. What the... You could shoot straight across this. There's no possible way that somebody could get across this body of water alive. This is going to give you an elevated position to rain down hell. - We have this infrastructure along the coast of Denmark. Obviously, elite German Nazi forces were there. - Which would have been loyal to Hitler. - Definitely the ability to protect Hitler. - Yeah, I agree. Bob and John discuss the European leg of their investigation, which is focusing on Hitler's possible flight to Denmark the day before he was believed dead, as reported by a declassified MI6 file. - The question is, if Baumgart or any other pilot were to come into Denmark, where's the airstrip? - Yeah, I agree. - Let's dig into the database to see what we can find. - Yeah, let's see what we come up with. Nuremburg trial, 15 March 1948. Interrogation of Friedrich von Angelotty-Mackensen. - Yeah, he was a major in the SS. - "You saw Hitler and several comrades in May 1945." "Yes." "Who were his comrades?" "I only know that in one of the planes in which Hitler was, "that this plane was being flown or piloted by a certain Captain Baumgart." Voila. "Where did you see them?" "In Tonder." - Where's Tonder? - I've never heard of it. There we go. - Right there, at the German border. - Yeah, right on the German border. So basically, if this SS major was right, he flies from Berlin. As soon as he gets across the border into Denmark, which is still Nazi occupied... And puts down there. Here's a guy whose life was in the balance, and in the middle of the questioning, he says he saw Hitler in Tonder. I think that's huge. "Hitler." "Tonder." "Denmark." There we go. - Luftwaffe airfields from 1935 to '45 in Denmark. The landing ground of southwest Denmark. It was a World War I German airship station. It was abandoned after the First World War. It was listed in World War II German documents as an available landing ground. - It's a clandestine airport. It's what we were looking for. It's utterly remarkable. This isn't like a known place, you know? If he said, "Oh, I saw Hitler at Copenhagen Airport," that's sort of a giveaway. But he's talking about a base that was unknown to most people, probably to very few people. It had been a World War I base that it was possible to still land in there. - Well, it had to be, because he was there. - Yeah. The question is, one, could you put an airplane down that's flown from Berlin? Two, what do you do from there? - We need to get the team in there to look at that to see how it could have been used in late April 1945. - Let's get into Tonder. - Well, rumors. - There's rumors. - You know what rumors are, right? - Yeah, yeah. Where there's smoke... - We'll find a fire. Lenny DePaul and James Holland head for the location of the Tonder airfield in search of evidence that Hitler could have used this site as a transit point to Spain. - Here we go. - Oh, here it is right here. - Yeah. - All right, let's go in here. Looks like a hangar. Certainly could have accommodated an airplane. Massive, massive building. Yo! - Hello! - I'm Lenny. - Anders. - Anders, nice to meet you. The team makes contact with Anders Jacobsen, an expert on Nazi Luftwaffe activities in Denmark. - What is this? - It was originally built in 1914 to protect the German imperial navy airship base here. - What about the runway? - The airstrip right here, in both directions. - Really? Just right in front of us? - Yes. - This way? - Yes. - Is there any remnants of a tarmac or pavement or anything? - No, no. There was no tarmac or anything, no concrete. It was grass. - They landed on grass. - They landed on grass. - And what kind of troops would have been here? - We have reports of Luftwaffe personnel being here. In total clandestine conditions, you could land here. There would be no one here except those people that you would like to be here. This was top secret at that time. - It wasn't a concrete runway or anything, but it's still in German hands. It's got all the facilities you could need. It's not on the enemy radar at all. You know, that has a lot to be said for it. - How long was the runway? Any idea? - It would have been about 1,000 times, 1,000 meters. So... - Not quite a mile. - Yeah. - This is pretty big. But if these trees did exist, you're certainly not going to get a big airplane in here. Maybe a smaller one, but how's anybody going to get out of here on a bigger aircraft and make his way all the way to Spain? - That discounts it completely. - What if these trees weren't here? - If there was nothing there, boom, perfect spot to land and take off. But if those trees were standing 70 years ago, we're in trouble. This one here looks good. I'm going to take a sample of this tree and make a determination on how long this tree's been standing here. Got to get in there as deep as I can, so at least six inches, anyway. Lenny uses an incremental borer, a highly specialized instrument that acquires a sample from deep within a tree's core that will allow experts to determine the age of these trees down to the month. - That's what I'm looking for right there. There's my sample. We're talking about a 70-year-old cold case here. The smallest bit of evidence, like this tree sample that I just took, stands in the way between me knowing whether or not Hitler could have flown out of here on a big aircraft. These results could be what makes or breaks the case. - This manmade structure... And you can see where the rock is cut here... There's no other explanation for that except to defend this group of buildings. Bob Baer and John Cencich review the findings from the team in Misiones, Argentina. - I mean, I'll go out on a limb. And considering what we found, this was a Nazi compound. You've got weapons, bullets, guard houses, defensible perimeter. It was a Nazi military zone, and it was protecting one person who was very important. Whoever was there didn't feel comfortable wandering around South America. It had to be somebody really damn important. The problem is, the only thing we have connecting Hitler with this is the stomach medicine. - It's a potential connection. - Hitler has a serious ailment, and stockpiles of medicine for that type of problem are found in this building in Misiones. - I think the stomach medicine is important, but it's tenuous. I like the stomach medicine, but it's really just highly speculative. I mean, that's not going to convince me at the end of the day. I want something more. - Let's not forget that within 50 miles, there are several small towns. From my perspective, that's the next logical place to take this investigation, is to find out whether or not there are people still alive or people alive that have been told from others what was going on at this location. - Yeah, I'd be shocked if people in that area didn't know something about this compound. Someone is going to have something to say that's going to add another piece that may put us closer to putting Hitler here. - Sounds like a plan. - Let's walk across and talk to that guy right there. Tim Kennedy makes his way through the small towns that make up the Misiones province, 50 miles from the Nazi militarized compound in the jungle. - No, no, no, no. - So we'll have to find somebody to talk to. Tim is joined by world-renowned investigative journalist Gerrard Williams and a local translator. - To try and track down the escape of Adolf Hitler 70 years after it happened is going to be difficult for anybody. - I'm trying to find German families that lived in this area for a really, really long time. No. - No? - Okay, bueno. - Thank you. - To think that he escaped and we are still being lied to 70 years on makes me very, very angry and always will do. So we follow as many leads as we can, every single thing that we come up against. - We're trying to find if there's any rich German families. - No, no, no, no. - The ones that look like they'd know something are the guys that never want to talk. - Yeah. - There's a recurring theme here. - Hmm. - Everywhere. To this day, the power of the Nazi idea still exists here. People are still tight-lipped, close-mouthed about anything associated with the Nazis. - Buenas tardes. - Buenas tardes, chicos. - My friend and I are trying to find families here in the area, specifically German families that have lived here a long time. - He says it could be a little dangerous, actually, to talk about it in this area. - After the war or before the war? It's after the war. - After the war. - I'm a journalist... - Okay, he tells us that there actually is one person who might could help us out. - Okay, he's called Anibel Silvero. - Silvero. - He's from here, yeah, and he knows a lot of what happened about Nazis. - It's obvious the city holds a seriously dark secret. There are many, many German families here that are hiding something. But you only do that for one reason: because they're still scared. There is still a huge amount more to be discovered in Misiones. And that's what we're going to do. We'll get to the bottom of it. - We're a long way from a main road, Tim. - Yeah. In the outskirts of Misiones, Argentina, Tim Kennedy and Gerrard Williams prepare to make contact with a local man who is rumored to have information about Nazi activities in the area. - Honestly, I'm not totally comfortable meeting someone we haven't vetted in the... - On a dirt road in the middle of the forest in Argentina? - After we've been walking around town asking about Nazis. Their contact has requested to meet the team at night, due to the sensitivity of his information. - I got your back. - Hola, señor. - Hola. - Hola, hola. - Buenas noches. - Buenas noches. - Geraldo. Why are we here? - Why here, out in the forest, in the middle of nowhere? - It's really close. He said you need to come and see it. - What the hell is this, in the middle of the forest? That's amazing. - What is this place? - The house was built in the '40s, and this was the most wealthy family in the area. - This family had meetings here in this house under a Nazi flag. Rumors actually say that they also were heiling before going in. - Is it safe to go inside? Can we go and walk around? - Okay. - What the hell? Gerrard. The tile in here? - Yeah? - I've seen it before. - Where? - In a military compound off the Paraná river. - The same style, Tim? The same color, what? - The pattern, the layout. They either had the same designer, the same architect, the same supplier, or all of the above. - Well, I'd say it's been deserted a while. Why is this house derelict? Where did the Bremers go? - Could this house be a safe house? Could this simply be a place where intelligence was gathered? We don't really know at this stage. - Can you ask Anibel... We need names for people that we can go and talk to. Can he supply us with any? - Goering? - Goering. The grand-niece of Hermann Goering. - Hermann Goering, the head of the Luftwaffe, his great-niece is living in Misiones? - Coincidences like this don't exist. - It's not a coincidence. How can it be? Goering obviously rings immediate alarm bells to anybody who studied the Third Reich. Goering is a founding member of the Nazi party, and in the event of Hitler's death, it was Goering who was to become Fuehrer. To find a relative of that man living in Argentina, in Misiones, is amazing. - We have to talk to her. - Yeah, completely. This is what happens when you dig in really deeply. We could be on the verge of finally finding the truth. Next time on "Hunting Hitler"... - Holy. This just got real. - Where did Margarita find all this? - Hidden behind a wall. - Sí, mira. - Behind a wall? Why? What are they trying to hide? - Look at the damage on that, Mike! - Bormann? - Bormann. - Martin Bormann is meant to be dead. - We have an alleged picture of an aged Adolf Hitler, post war. Subtitles Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 