Hunting Hitler: Season 3, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hunting Hitler 
 s3e3 - Nuclear Nazi Weapons - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hunting Hitler (2015–…): Season 3, Episode 3 - Nuclear Nazi Weapons - full transcript 
 In Norway, Tim and Gerrard explore a hydroelectric plant where the Nazis were dangerously close to producing a nuclear weapon. Mike and James investigate a cabin high in the Austrian Alps ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 So, this is from June 12, 1945. "At this time, the decision had been taken to divide the ministries in two parts and establish one government in the north and one in the south." What this file tells me is they're splitting up, creating multiple escape routes. This is big. We have Hitler spotted on the 24th of April in Hohenlychen. And this is six days before he supposedly committed suicide in the bunker. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Four days later, we have a separate independent witness identify him leaving by airplane. We got to see what's going on down there. Holy... For the Me 262. This is the fastest jet the world has ever seen. If Hitler himself was here and boarded one of these things, he was out of here in a hurry. This file tells us that Kaltenbrunner, commander-in-chief of all German forces in Southern Europe, crosses the border into Austria with more than a ton of paper and dumps it. This is huge. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He is saying he is absolutely positive Kaltenbrunner would have hid something in the lake. Wow. It's quite a large, rectangular object. This is huge. And it could be nothing other than man-made. Let's get to shore. We need to get this dive started. HUNTING HITLER - SEASON 3 EP - 3 - Nuclear Nazi Weapons Kaltenbrunner is the center of Hitler's network. If Hitler intended to escape Berlin, he would use Kaltenbrunner. His activities at the end of the war are gonna tell us what their intentions were. 21-year CIA veteran Bob Baer and former terrorist targeting officer Nada Bakos are using asset-mapping, the strategy used to dismantle the leadership of Al-Qaeda and ISIS to track Hitler's known associates and pinpoint exactly where he could have gone after the end of World War II. The team is investigating two potential escape routes for Adolf Hitler after the war... A northern route through Hohenlychen, Germany, and a southern route through Altaussee, Austria, where a declassified CIA document claims Hitler's close associate Ernst Kaltenbrunner discarded a cache of secret documents, including possible Nazi escape plans in a nearby lake. I think things probably collapsed a lot faster than they expected. And any time people like this are on the run, they're disposing of stuff any way they can. This tells me that they didn't have a lot of time 'cause the proper protocol for any government when they're extricating from a facility is to burn the documents. Throwing things into the lake is the next best step if they don't have time to burn it. They have to do something that they think will get rid of it. If the plan was to get Hitler out of Europe, into South America, it would be in these documents. Let's get them diving. -This is your tank. Okay. Everything's looking good. Along Hitler's potential southern escape route in Altaussee, World War II historian James Holland and U.S. Army Green Beret Mike Simpson have assembled an expert dive team led by Gerhard Kaiser. The team prepares to dive on a large manmade object they identified using side-scanning sonar. It's quite a large, sort of rectangular object. And it could be nothing other than manmade. Worth diving on that? - Absolutely. If this documents cache is here and we find it, this could potentially unlock all of the secrets to every escaped Nazi of that time period. Potentially, this is like a big water-filled time capsule that's just been preserving all this stuff. Whatever it might have been could still be out there. We'll be right by you, Mike. - Let's go. - Let's do it. Mike and Gerhard will swim the 65 feet from shore to the location of their sonar hit. Mike. Can you see anything? Yeah. It's a vehicle. -Yes. You're kidding. It looks like a vehicle was pushed out into the lake. Looks like some type of cargo utility vehicle. The metal frame is very rusted, but there's wooden slats in the roof. The fact that we're able to identify possibly an abandoned Nazi vehicle is huge. It could have been filled with these documents. Can you swim around it and see if you can find anything from it? Yeah. Mike. Let me get a little closer to the boat. What have you got there? -Yeah. Looks like a bayonet of some type. Yeah, it is a bayonet. That's a Goebeler German infantryman's bayonet. I mean, that's just standard issue. This is in amazing condition, isn't it? Look at this. Oh, wow! Pretty sure that's an Iron Cross. And that is a kind of, like, a wound medal, or a campaign medal. We didn't find quite what we were looking for, but we have found this vehicle, we have found some medals, and we have found a bayonet. That means that the Nazis were dumping stuff. The question is why. Why are they doing this? What we found was this vehicle, and then we found medals, a bayonet, which was thrown in contemporaneously with the fleeing Nazis. While the team continues to investigate Hitler's potential southern escape route in Austria, Bob and Nada turn their attention to the northern escape route Reichlin, Germany, where a declassified file claims Hitler was taken away from an airfield two days before he was believed dead. The team at Reichlin found a bunker that actually ended up being bombed, but within that wreckage, they found a part of the Messerschmitt Me 262. This is the fastest jet the world has ever seen. At the time, it's flying 100 miles per hour faster than any jet out there. Put it simply, you could just outrun the Allied Air Force. This is the flight radius of an Me 262. At the end of the war, everybody's heading south. The Russians are heading south. The Allies are here. So where do you go? You go north. But what do we get up here? Well, Sweden, we know, was neutral during the war. Norway, on the other hand... There were still Nazi troops, and he could have been perfectly safe for months. On April 9, 1940, the Nazis successfully invaded Norway. The Norwegian government was forced into exile, and the Nazis continue to rule the country until the end of World War II. Allied forces never landed in Norway, and the last German soldier there did not surrender until four months after the war had ended. The Germans looked at Norwegians as a superior race, as one of them, as part of the tribe. It was a place that the Nazis felt comfortable. Here we go, "Reporting agency... MI6. Nazi defensive strategy Norway." "The line of coastal fortresses in Southern Norway started from Kristiansand with the Nazi base of Battery Vara." This file's telling us that they've got Nazi bases up there. If Hitler was flying up to Norway, they would have had support. Which airfield would be closest? This is Southern Norway. We know that the range of the Me 262 could cover all this. And what do we have here? Kjevik Airfield... Well-known Nazi air base. And then going back to that document, you've got Battery Vara, coastal defense. And this is clearly in range of Reichlin. We've got to check this out. If you didn't want someone to get through this pass, you put one gun there, and it's locked down. Tim Kennedy, U.S. Army Special Forces, investigative journalist Gerrard Williams, and their local contact, Ashborne, land in Kristiansand, Norway, a possible stop along Hitler's potential northern escape route. We're heading to Battery Vara, which is on the tip of Kristiansand. We're going there to see whether or not this huge base would have been part of a northern escape route. If you try and put yourself in the place of a high-ranking Nazi trying to flee the collapse of the Nazi Empire, you would need safety and security. -How are you. Tim. Pleasure. -I'm Gerrard. The team makes contact with Arold Anderson, the caretaker at Battery Vara. We're interested in this area to see if this could have been a stop-off point for escaping Nazis. Who was stationed here? So, it was 50 houses with soldiers here. It was 10,150 land mines around there. - Yeah. - That's a lot of land mines. Can you tell us a little bit about the cannon? So, this is, like, a German-style cannon. What's the range of this? 34 miles. So, on the northern coast of Denmark, we have a massive battery... A cannon. And on the southern tip of Norway, we have these lining the coast with interlocking sectors of fire that's completely locking down the coast. It was a choke point. Nobody can get in and out without being in the effective range of these massive guns. You can't successfully invade Denmark or Norway by sea. I've been in the military for 15 years. I have never seen a gun that size. This might have been one of the largest weapons on Earth. Why did they build them here? What were they protecting? If this is part of Adolf Hitler's northern escape route, I have to see what else is here. 1,000 feet north of the coastal defense cannon, the team gets access to one of Battery Vara's heavily fortified bunkers. All right, where's the entrance? Right there. Wow. This is massive. The size of the room is good. Oh, my God. Holy "Die treue ist das mark der ehre." "Our belief is at the core of our world," or, "the core of us"... "at the heart of us." This is... This is rich Nazi propaganda. It's probably straight out of "Mein Kampf." What were they doing here? So you'd be able to talk to somebody from here... Somebody in the battery. This is still in great shape. 130 land lines are running directly to here? - Yeah. - Yeah. At Battery Vara, you have four 15.5-inch cannons, fortified bunkers, and a complex system of communication. These are all things that need to be there if this is part of Adolf Hitler's northern escape route. Why, at the end of the war, is this so important? It's to protect the exit point and the entrance point. Yeah, but... but of what? So, we're talking 1945, after the fall of Berlin. So what are they protecting here? And what is so important that you still need 15-inch guns in a complex, interconnected battery system? He don't want to say it, but he thinks it's about special weapons. Nuclear weapons. Okay, I mean, that's... That's massive. Adolf Hitler... His only hope for any significant existence... Is a vengeance weapon of some sort. This is incredibly important at the end of the war. He's obsessed with it. And these guns are protecting... A wonder weapon, a super weapon, whatever you want to call the damn things. There are rumors that Nazi scientists are working as fast and as hard as they can to develop Hitler's vengeance weapons. He wants to see New York in flames. He wants to destroy 4 million Russians on the Eastern Front. It would be enough to enable Nazi Germany to go on to do what they originally planned to do... world domination. In the 19th century, this place was an absolute hotbed of Nazis. Along Hitler's potential southern escape route in Altaussee, Austria, James and Mike are following a declassified CIA file claiming that Nazis had discarded potential escape plans in the nearby lake. Okay. It's right in there. After finding Nazi artifacts in Lake Altaussee, the team and their translator, Katja, make contact with Gerhard Zauner, a local diver and historian. During the dive into Lake Altaussee, we retrieved some artifacts... A bayonet and a couple of German badges. Gerhard Zauner... He's been diving these lakes for over 50 years. Hopefully he can answer why two badges and a bayonet went in the lake. I found these. And we were hoping that you could tell us a little bit more about them. That's called the Frozen Medallion because it's from the war in Finland. And that's from a battle on the Eastern Front. There were a great many battles, and for each one, they created a different medal. And everyone was just throwing it away at the end of the war. Ja. Ja. Oh, wow, look at that. So, what's this one? An EK1, he says. That's an Iron Cross, first class. So, these aren't just dog tags and unit insignia people are throwing in. I mean, people are throwing in the equivalent of Silver Star, Distinguished Service Cross. It must have been difficult for somebody to let it go. As someone who's spent three decades in uniform, I can say that your personal identity is very much entwined with who you are as a soldier. The idea that these soldiers were stripping off their uniforms entirely, awards of valor, campaign medals, and throwing them into the lake tells me they were literally shedding their identities. The way that I look at it... You're standing on the edge of the water throwing all of your insignia and your medals into the lake. You're about to start a new life on the run, and you're preparing to flee. Everyone threw everything away because then no one was a Nazi. Wow. He says there was something more important, and that was survival. You have to remember that you have the Americans coming from the West. You have the Russians coming from the East and Southeast. You know, before the Allies come, you're just gonna get rid of this. This is a classic tactic that is used for fugitives all around the globe. The Nazis were able to shed their identities and freely travel just about anywhere in the world. The question now is where were they going from here? Hmm. I find this really chilling. The team's local contact has uncovered a living eyewitness who may have information on Nazi war criminals' movements through the area at the end of the war. It's so rare in Austria to find what we call Zeitzeuge, time witnesses, who are still alive today and are willing to talk about it. Yeah. They make contact with Johan Lidnorner, one of the oldest living residents of Altaussee. Herr Lidnorner. What's suddenly becoming really, really clear is Nazis in this area were discarding their identities and going on the run. What's less clear is where they could have escaped to. We're really hoping he's gonna be able to cast some light on those final days of the Third Reich here in Altaussee. We've known lots of Nazis were fleeing here, but what we're trying to to is get a picture of what Altaussee's like at the very end of the war. There were so many Nazis here that the general population didn't really think about it too much. Eichmann? As in Adolf Eichmann? He said Eichmann. We all know what happened to him. He got away. - Yeah. And knowing that he used Altaussee potentially as a stepping-off point, as well, and got away, that's interesting. Eichmann is the administrator who organized the rounding up of the Jews and sent millions of them to their deaths in the death camps and then eventually made his escape to South America. Now we're hearing that Eichmann was here in Altaussee, so you have to ask yourself, "Well, if Eichmann was in Altaussee, there has to be a way out of here." So he fled from here to the West with false papers and money that he'd been given by Kaltenbrunner. What happened to Kaltenbrunner? Kaltenbrunner fled from here to a hunting lodge that was up in the pasturelands of the Totes Gebirge... Of the Dead Mountains here. Do you have a name? So while Kaltenbrunner was in the Northeast, Eichmann fled west. - Yes. - Interesting. Eichmann and Kaltenbrunner were both here at the same time. Two people who were directly tied into Adolf Hitler's circle of trust. But the fact that Eichmann escaped to the west while Kaltenbrunner fled in an entirely different direction... That raises a question... What was going on here? One of the reasons they went to Austria was to shed their identity. What you're getting rid of is the swastika, or any campaign medals to show that you've been a soldier. While the team continues to investigate Hitler's potential southern escape route through Austria, Bob and Nada shift their focus to the findings from the northern escape route. The team's found a lot in Norway. It's a fortress. The bunkers, the communications, the defense. This evidence points to the fact that this could have been the next stop on the northern escape route. Not only that... They're protecting a secret weapons operation. Hitler was obsessed with the ultimate weapon, which would allow them to conquer the world. We found in South America the physical evidence they were making a secret weapons program. This map depicts a plan to bomb the United States, and more specifically Manhattan Island. This is to prevent radiation from escaping. That's how close they were. Can we find proof of a weapons operation in Norway? Let's take a look. Here we go. MI6, 1944, "Intercepted Telegram." "The most important technical advance in the war is the research on this new type of weapon. Germany has a large hydroelectric plant for this in the vicinity of Rjukan, Norway. They've got a special weapons plant here in Rjukan, Norway. When ISIS went into Mosul and captured territory, they were using the infrastructure that the Iraqis had built. They took over their oil supply. Yeah, I mean, this is what the Nazis did. Every country they invaded they used whatever technology was predominant. If the Nazis are taking over a hydroelectric plant, it's for a purpose. They're not doing it to make money. They need this facility to create weapons of mass destruction. I want to know how far they got with this plan. What's going on in Rjukan will tell us what their plans were for the Fourth Reich. We've got to find out what they were doing there. We're getting close to where we're supposed to be. It's very rugged. Following Hitler's potential northern escape route, Tim and Gerrard hit the ground in Rjukan, Norway, home of the Vemork Hydroelectric Plant. God it's incredibly well-built. - Hello. - Hi. - Hi. - Hello, there. The team makes contact with facilities manager Runor Lay and Vemork historian Frederick Seride. We have intelligence that they were making components of a weapon of mass destruction here at Vemork. We need to find out what they were making and what happened to it. Huh. It's impressive. Yeah. - Made fertilizer. - Yeah. - So, phosphate mining here. - That's right. Yeah. But you can also make explosives from fertilizer. No. Heavy water... It was made here. It was made here, yes. Heavy water's one of the most important components of a nuclear bomb. Heavy water plus uranium equals plutonium. And that's a nuclear bomb. Heavy water is a form of water with added mass and alternate chemical properties. It is created by running large amounts of electrical current through normal water. In the 1940s, heavy-water reactors fueled by uranium were used to create plutonium, the explosive component in a nuclear bomb. How much did they make here? This is scary. This is Adolf Hitler developing a component for a nuclear weapon. Adolf Hitler could have a nuclear bomb. - Before you had. - Yeah. And that would have changed the world completely. So, this heavy water, which is what they needed for their nuclear program... - Yeah. Where were they making it, and where were they storing it? Does it still exist? Is there any access into what that basement area was? We have to find if there's any way to get into this basement. I completely agree with you. I need to find out what happened to that heavy water. If they had hopes, any aspirations, of having a Fourth Reich in South America, they're not gonna be leaving Europe without it. They're gonna bring it with them. Can you get us to that area where we could maybe find an access point? - Let's go see. - Yeah. The team travels to an overlook a half mile away from the hydroelectric plant to gain a better vantage point of the area where the heavy-water factory once stood. Let me take a look at those. Yeah. I can see the power plant. So, this is our perspective right here. At least we can see where the corner of the factory was, and the bottom floor... It's where that tree line is. - Yeah. - Which means the basement is gonna be even below that. Now it's figuring out where to go in. Where do you think our best chance to find an entry point is? There is something... right on that cliff face. That could be our access point. Tim has spotted what could be an entrance into the factory's former basement. We know what Adolf Hitler did with trains and gas chambers. Millions of lives were lost. The thought of him having a weapon of mass destruction... A nuclear weapon... There's nothing scarier. We need to figure out exactly how close they really got. So, how the hell do you get up to it? We got to climb. The team in Rjukan found out they were manufacturing heavy water. They were not using heavy water for a power reactor. They were using it to make a nuclear bomb. While the team in Norway continues investigating Hitler's potential northern escape route, Bob and Nada turn their attention to the southern escape route through Altaussee, Austria. The team has actually talked to a resident in Altaussee who said that Kaltenbrunner fled up into the Alps. Adolf Eichmann is in Altaussee, too. Eichmann was one of the most wanted Nazis after Hitler. We know he made it to South America. So we now know the southern escape route was absolutely a legitimate escape route for high-ranking Nazis. We no longer have to prove this route would have worked. It's not a hypothetical. We've got a mass murderer who takes the route and gets to Argentina. Now we have to find out could Hitler have used the southern route. So, we know Eichmannts away to. But what happens to Kaltenbrunner? The witness in Altaussee... He told us about a hut up in the mountains where Kaltenbrunner was hiding out. I want to find out what went on at this hut. Here we go. So, this one's from U.S. Army... "Last days of Ernst Kaltenbrunner." On 12 May 1945, Kaltenbrunner was arrested at Altaussee, Austria. He had been hiding in a mountain cabin called Wildensee Huette. So Kaltenbrunner was captured. Why is Eichmann getting away from Altaussee, and Kaltenbrunner is not? If anybody knows his way out of Austria, it's Kaltenbrunner. He's got networks. He's got people. He knows how to get away. So why'd he hang out in this hut? What was so special about this hut? Along Hitler's potential southern escape route in Altaussee, Mike and James secured a helicopter to travel the nearly 5,000 vertical feet up to the remote Alpine hut where Ernst Kaltenbrunner was captured. As an investigator, it's very important for me to see the location of the Wildensee Huette. I know that Kaltenbrunner was there. I know he was captured there. That tells me there's something going on here. I need to know why this location is so important. What really strikes you when you're in a helicopter is just how remote this is. I mean, you know, there is nothing else around. All you can just see is vast expanse of mountainous terrain. Let's go and have a look. This is exactly what they saw back then when they came up here. Once on the ground, you can see what a treacherous landscape this is. And then you get into the actual hut. It's rustic. It's roughly made. This is just a simple wooden mountain shack. This is not a place for long-term habitation. It's got a stove. It's got some facilities, but pretty basic. If you're trying to flee, surely he couldn't have gone all this way to this hut with no ongoing escape route already prepared. What was this guy up to? We should see where there is a path out of here. So we're looking east-southeast this way. Okay, that's not a route, is it? I mean, look at that. No, not a place you want to go, either coming up or going down. That way is Altaussee. That is the route from which he's just come. You know, he knows the Americans are hot on their tails. He's not gonna go back down that route. There's no way you're gonna escape this way. This is what we're looking at. Here's that ridge that we're looking at up here. - Yep. - It's a monster ridge. And what's the other side? More of the same, so it just gets higher. Yeah, look, we're in a nice, little bowl here... Yeah. ...but we're literally surrounded. Surrounded. So you're going into a boxed canyon. - This is a dead-end spot. - Terrible. Everything about Kaltenbrunner's capture just seems slightly out-of-kilter to me. You look at the simplicity of this hut, you're looking at the difficulty of the terrain around you, and you realize that this is clearly a dead end. And Kaltenbrunner must have known this. So you're starting to think, "Why did he come up here?" What if his sole purpose was drawing somebody up into the absolute worst direction to flee that it's gonna take him a long time to get up into and only one way back out to give somebody else more time to get out of here? You know, if he's up here kind of waiting to be the fall guy, that would give time for other people to start moving these networks elsewhere. He's gonna draw all that attention on himself in this little cabin. Meanwhile, everyone else, including Adolf Eichmann, or possibly Adolf Hitler, himself, is using all these better routes to get out of here. That basically, he's willing to give himself up here at this cabin. Kaltenbrunner was fiercely loyal to the Reich, fiercely loyal to the Fuhrer. Could it possibly have been that Kaltenbrunner was being a sacrificial lamb to draw suspicion away and give others time to escape and time to plan the Fourth Reich? So, we know that there's a subterranean area here. Without a doubt. Along Adolf Hitler's potential northern escape route in Rjukan, Norway, Tim and Gerrard are investigating a hydroelectric plant where a declassified MI6 telegram claims the Nazis were running a secret weapons operation. - That's hopefully our guy. - Okay. To reach a cliff-side location of a possible entry point into the basement of a former heavy-water storage facility, the team has called in local climbing guide Hogan Skipper. - Hogan. - Hello. Tim. Pleasure to meet you. The Nazis were making heavy water in the basement of a facility that was destroyed on this property. No one knows what happened to the heavy water that was in that facility. We have to see if there's any still here, or if this heavy water could have moved out of Norway to South America. When we were scouting and reconning from over there with binoculars, we could see that retaining wall, or what could potentially have been an entrance. I want you to get on a radio with my binoculars, get on that side, and you're gonna be my eyes. You're gonna walk me into that door. Okay. Good luck. Safety lines first. Tim will be the first person to try and access the basement since it was destroyed in 1945. Gerrard travels to the other side of the ravine to guide him toward their target. All right, lock that in right there. - Locked. - Okay. Gerrard, this is Tim. Over. Understood. Tim, I can see the crack we were talking about earlier. You seem to be just on the tree line. You need to come maybe 30 feet to your right. Stop right there, Tim. Underneath the wall, it's just rock. There's two more overhangs, but there's nothing below it. This is not a way in. We're gonna have to scout this entire mountainside to see if there is another access point. In order to find an alternate entry point into the basement of the former heavy-water factory, Tim scours the square mile of forest where the facility once stood. Rather steep here. This is the area. There's something over there. There's some cement. All right, here. This is a space. This is a hole right here. It's only a couple inches, but it goes straight back. 200 feet from the main building, Tim has located what appears to be a small hole leading into the basement of the former heavy-water factory. This has potential. Right now this hole in the ground is our best chance at finding out what potentially happened with this heavy water. I could be just feet away from real, actual, physical evidence that the Nazis were developing a nuclear bomb. We should be able to lift some of this off and then cut one or two of these bars, which might give us a big enough hole to get in there. - Let's try it out. - All right. Almost there. - That's a cave. - It is. I think I can fit in there. Gerrard, this is Tim. Over. Yes, Tim. Hey, we made about a ·foot hole probably big enough for me to slip down. I'm gonna go in to see what exactly's around this corner. Roger that. Tim? Tim? Yeah, I'm in. Hogan? Yep? Everything is just rubble. It's all rebar and cement. Okay. No way of going further? No, there's not... There's no way we're gonna get one foot deeper. I can see deeper through this rubble. I see a room back there. There's nothing in there. It's empty. Those barrels of heavy water are gone. We have to know where it went and what they were gonna do with it. This was their chance of making the Fourth Reich a reality. What was going on in this place? At the end of the war, the Nazis counterfeited British money. Counterfeit money? That's incredible. If you want a system that can help Nazis get out of here and away to freedom, this is about as good as it gets. If we're gonna find any evidence of heavy water, one of the necessary components to making a nuclear weapon, where should I look? The best place to look is in this area under water. This is unbelievable! We have a U-boat! Subtitles Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 