Hunting Hitler: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hunting Hitler 
 s2e1 - The Hunt Continues - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hunting Hitler (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - The Hunt Continues - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - We could be on the verge of uncovering evidence that will change this case forever. - We're looking for an Armundo Kicka. - We have never been closer. Right here. Right now. HUNTING HITLER - SEASON 2 EP - 1 - The Hunt Continues - Was your father a Nazi? - We're looking for names. Documents. Dates. - The thing is, is people don't like to talk because they have something to hide, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and I know that your father is part of it. - What's this? - My heart's racing a little bit. - This is the smoking gun I'd spent the last 12 years of my life looking for. - This comes from the FBI. Here's the 3D model. Start looking for things that line up. In the photo I got an ear lobe. Look at the shape of the ear. The shape of the ear here, very similar. Look at how that mouth, they fall right on top. So all of these things are lining up, and then this nasal labial shape here 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 is lining up as well. - It overlays very well. Adolph Hitler, he's alive well after 1945. - I would be pursuing the case. - If there was any evidence of his death, why haven't they produced it? This is Adolph Hitler. Bob Baer, a 21-year CIA veteran and one of the most respected intelligence minds in the world has dedicated his career to tracking some of the most notorious criminals, including Sadam Hussein. - I've spent so much time in the White House and know first-hand what the government tells us is rarely true, and from the moment I started looking into this case, it didn't add up. Ignorance is bliss. The public does not want to believe that we lost Adolph Hitler. In 2014, the FBI declassified over 700 pages of documents, placing Adolph Hitler around the globe after World War II, leading Bob to reopen this 70-year-old cold case deploying dozens of experts, historians, and military man hunters armed with the most cutting edge technology to investigate the truth. - By investigating the FBI files, we are the first ones to put together facts about what really happened. In Berlin, we found no scientific evidence that he died in that bunker. We don't have a witness. We don't have a body. - Searching. - Kemka cannot tell whether he really had seen that Hitler was dead because he had not seen the body. Nobody sees his face and said, "That's him!" - Yep. - Unless it wasn't Hitler. - Hitler's bunker was connected with tunnels which could have taken him to an airport. Flying's the way you want out of Berlin. In Spain, we have a witness at the monastery placing Hitler there. - He saw here, with his eyes, Hitler. Here. - Hitler here? - Yeah. - As well as Nazi infrastructure, communications, and also escape routes. - Germans fingerprints are all over this place. - From Spain he could have boarded a U-boat and got away from Europe. - What happened to this sub? - I don't know. - In Argentina, clue after clue pointed to the possibility he escaped into the countryside and set up multiple Nazi safe houses. - This could have been completely built in secret. - If I'm gonna hide a high value target, this is perfect. - You got all this damn evidence everywhere, but the FBI files were not the final story on the hunt for Hitler. After a year-long investigation across six countries and thousands of miles, Bob prepares to broaden the scope of his investigation. - The FBI has a very, very narrow aperture in the world. We need to open up the aperture. Look at that. 14,621 international files on Hitler alive. Bob has now gotten unprecedented access to over 14,000 pages of declassified documents from every major intelligence agency around the world. - The Germans, the Argentinians, the Russians, the MI-6. - Every intelligence agency in the world is looking for this. It's incredible. I mean, you have a full-on international man hunt for Adolph Hitler. For the first time, we are opening up these files and putting them all together, and they all had a different piece of the pie. And it's only when you put them all together are you gonna come to the truth. - We were the first ones that did it after the FBI documents were declassified. Now we're the first ones that are acting on these declassified documents. Bob is joined by the UN's premier War Crimes Investigator, Dr. John Cencich. They have integrated thousands of U.S. and international documents into a state-of-the-art computerized database. - This database is powerful. It looks at the relationships between information. Finding patterns. Finding words. Finding evidence. This is an amazing opportunity to help us get to the answer of these questions that have been looming for decades. - So we're starting a whole new phase of this investigation. Now that we have these files, I want to go back to the beginning, Hitler's last known location, April, 1945 in Berlin. And we're gonna carry it forward. Look, John, we've established that a bunch of airplanes left Tempelhof on the 21st of April. - Others left from Tempelhof. We were about eight or ten aircraft. - We know that he could have been on one of those airplanes. - It's still feasible that he could have used Tempelhof, but we were looking at this through the documents of the United States government. Maybe there really is a plan B, a plan C, and a plan D that we don't know about. - If you're a world leader, you've got to have contingencies. You simply do not have one way out because if you have one way out, that's how you end up in an ambush. We've got the database, and to establish the specifics to move from theory to real evidence, I think that's where we got to go next. Let's look into it. Start looking at this stuff. Hitler. Plane. Worldwide. Berlin. Date, 1945. - Soviet Union. CIA. - Hey, look at this. This is an MI-6 file. A certain ex-Luftwaffe pilot, Captain Baumgart, swore under oath that he flew Hitler from Berlin on 29, April, 1945. Hitler was supposed to have committed suicide on the 30th. So this is the day before. - He says he swears under oath, but we all know there are people that swear under oath that don't tell the truth. What we need to do now is to look into this database and find out if there is any other evidence or leads we can track down that would corroborate his statement. - Let's see what we got. .Look at this one. - This is coming from the U.S. Army on the day Hitler left Berlin. The Germans made a counter attack in order to clear a strip from which the plane could take off. The two reports go hand in hand and they lend credence to one another. - It sound like to me this a makeshift air strip. Clear a roadway, whatever you have, take off. The tenor of this completely changes when you have a name, and a plane, and a day, and a makeshift runway, and we're gonna paint a complete picture for the first time. In the context of looking for Hitler's escape route, we are now getting into specifics for the first time. I want to touch something, feel something. - If we can determine where that makeshift runway was, that's powerful information. We need to send a team out there to explore all of those possibilities. Right now we've got good leads. Let's see if we can turn this into some type of evidence. - This is a huge breakthrough. Let's do it. - Peter Baumgart was consistent every time he told the story. To me, as an investigator, you know, that's curiosity right there. Lenny DePaul, former commander of the U.S. Marshals Fugitive Task Force, is on the ground in Berlin. - I've been hunting fugitives for a long time. I continue to look at things until that case is over. You know, in my world there's no more exciting news that you can get than discovering new intel in a 70-year-old cold case. I'm not gonna give up. I need to get to the bottom of this thing. Lenny is joined by Sascha Keil, expert on Berlin during World War II. - This it? - Number 10. - In any investigation you have to go back to the scene of the crime and work your way forward. If Peter Baumgart flew Hitler out on a makeshift runway, then we'll find out. Christoph? How are you? The team makes contact with Christoph Neubauer, forensic reconstructionist and the world's leading expert on Hitler's bunker. - I'll use this to show you something here. - Christoph Neubauer is a valuable person to me. This guy, over the years, has studied the Fuhrerbunker better than anybody. He's able to develop the state-of-the-art technology to give us a 3-D look at the Fuhrerbunker. He can bring me back 70 years to the scene of the crime. - So basically we are having here the chancellery where Hitler used to live and what used to be his headquarters, and it's like a whole city block. - It's huge. - So... and inside you'll find the Fuhrerbunker. - This is allegedly where Adolph Hitler kills himself. - Exactly. So far there are known four main exits out of the bunker. - These were the exits that we thought took him to Tempelhof Airport. - But, recently I found very close to the bunker, another one. - Another one what? - I found an exit very close to the bunker. - Are you kidding me? - If you have here the Fuhrerbunker, just 20 to 25 meters away you could walk into a new tunnel. - Okay. - And you see here a very small entrance here. Steps going down, one door, and a cover. And all this would have been invisible. - Why all of a sudden we find a tunnel? How did you stumble onto this? - I check in archives a lot, and there is a photograph I came across taken by American soldiers after the Second World War. - Look at that. - Do you see how close this is? - So the Fuhrerbunker's here. It's gonna be here, and now I'm walking 75 feet and I go back down underground. You know, it thought I had some pretty hot leads the last time I was here. This is the hottest. That's actually number five. We've only known about four for the past 70 years. So for us to get our hands on this is unbelievable. It could lead me right to this makeshift runway. Now Hitler's got another way out. - So from the Fuhrerbunker we travel 75 feet into this tunnel. Lenny DePaul and Sascha Keil have just made a shocking discovery. - So you're telling me if Hitler himself wanted to, let's say, exit the Fuhrerbunker into this tunnel he'd be back underground again. With the help of forensic reconstructionist Christoph Neubauer, they have just uncovered a fifth and never before known, escape route from Hitler's Fuhrerbunker. The team is following a declassified MI-6 file that claims Luftwaffe pilot, Peter Baumgart flew Hitler out of Berlin from a makeshift runway on April 29, 1945, the day before Hitler was believed to have committed suicide. - Our association is working 15, 20 years on this area, and we never found any documented photo or archive such a tunnel. This is a breakthrough, even in my work, for the last 15 years, we never knew there could be another exit from the bunker. This is a complete shock. - The big questions is if Adolph Hitler decided to take that route out of the Fuhrerbunker, where does he go? - The East German Secret Service, the Stasi, in 1973, they started a big investigation. They were interested in tunnels exactly in the same location because on top of the tunnel, exactly there, was the Berlin Wall. At the end of World War II, Berlin was turned over to the Allied Forces. The French, British, and Americans occupied the Western section of the city, and the Soviets controlled the East. As the Cold War intensified, the Soviets built the Berlin Wall, a 96-mile barrier to prevent defectors from fleeing to West Berlin. The Stasi, the East German Secret Police, generated hundreds of maps and eyewitness accounts of escape routes that were built during Hitler's regime that could be used to escape under the Berlin Wall. - I went through all the thousands of secret files there. I actually found one which specifically relates to this tunnel. We see this would have gone all the way to the Tiergarten, the Brandenburg Gate. - What is the Tiergarten? What exactly is the Tiergartens? - Yeah, for you probably the best explanation is the Central Park of New York, this is the Tiergarten for Berlin. - From my perspective, I got somebody that's the most wanted man in the world. He's not gonna pop up in the middle of Central Park. - It does not fit. It doesn't fit. - I want you to show me visually on the map of the compound where these tunnels would have been. All right, here's the Tiergartens, correct? - Exactly. - So here's the big question, why is he heading in this direction? What's his end game? What's he thinking about? Where's he going? That's what I need to know. There's got to be a destination. Hitler, once again, has got a way out. - This is a fantastic find. This here, at this location, is the entrance to what we now call Exit Number 5. Bob Baer and Dr. John Cencich review the findings from the team's investigation in Berlin. - You know what strikes me as so interesting is that they had taken the time to build these tunnels. I mean, they were planning this years in advance, with a purpose. This is the great thing about the files that we're going from the realm of speculation to the real possibility of a clandestine exfiltration to a makeshift runway. - I want to show you a document that I just came across. We didn't find this before because we were only looking at the FBI files. This document is an Argentinian document. Look what they've got here. "Nazis, upon arriving to Argentina, took refuge in a militarized outpost in Misiones." - That's great. I love it. Earlier in this investigation we found three structures that are completely isolated in the middle of the jungle, Misiones in Argentina. This could have been a real hideout location for somebody on the run. - And we already know that at the compound the team's been to, they found photographs, Nazi paraphernalia, the photographs were people wearing their Nazi uniforms, the medicine. - That was consistent with the type of medicine used by Hitler for his own particular ailment. It's pretty suspicious. Whoever was living in this residence had a lot of money, a lot of connections to Nazis, and the number one suspect is Adolph Hitler. - You know, when we first went to Misiones, I was picturing it as sort of a lair, you know, get away from the police. Hide out. Get away from communications. But this file is something entirely different. You're actually talking about a defensible militarized zone. It's amazing. If it's militarized, it's militarized for one purpose only, and that's to defend a very important figure. - Militarized outpost is telling me that we have guards, weapons, supplies, anything you need to protect somebody like Hitler. - Well, I'd like to find out from an archaeologist on the ground there is there anything that would indicate that it indeed was militarized. I think we should call Daniel up. The team makes contact with Daniel Schavelzon, the head archaeologist who has continued to excavate the Nazi site in Misiones, Argentina for the last year. - Hello. - Daniel, this is Bob Baer and John. - Yeah, we've come across a report that says that there was a military compound in Misiones. - This militarized zone in Misiones very well could be no different than what Bin Laden did in Afghanistan, set up a base in a country that's fairly friendly. We got to get Tim back there. I mean, he spent his career building bases that are defensible. I want his opinion. - I can't really wait to get the team down here and start looking at this and seeing what type of concrete evidence we can develop from it. - If we find an extensive Nazi base in Argentina, we are really breaking new ground. - This rock's gonna be slippery. Tim Kennedy, U.S. Army Special Forces, returns to the jungles of Misiones, Argentina, to follow a declassified Argentinian document that reports this area was once home to a Nazi militarized outpost. - I've spent the majority of my career working in military mind-sets. If this was a military compound, just taking that lens and looking at it with a different perspective might tell us everything we need to know. We might find nothing, but we might get lucky. Tim is joined by Dr. Alasdair Brooks, a historical archaeologist who spent his career unraveling the mysteries of the early 20th century. - Archaeology's always about the extent of discovery. Looking at those objects coming out of the ground. Looking at how they relate to the site, the artefactual evidence will tell us who wanted this built here and why. - You got a step here. - Thanks. They head for a new fourth structure less than a mile from the three previously discovered stone structures that could have housed a high value Nazi target on the run. - Daniel. - Hey. They make contact with Daniel Schavelzon, who has been working around the clock to uncover artifacts from the area around the fourth structure. We found what we think is a belt. - It's a belt? - A belt, yeah. - It's heavy. It's not the normal, you know. - It was cut clean. It had very clean lines. I mean, it looked more military. If you look at my belt, this is a military issue belt that I got 15 years ago. That belt looks stunningly similar to my belt. - Yeah. - This is our first clue that there could have been a military complex here. We're not done yet. I need to get my eyes on this new building. Watch your foot through here. - Here we are. That's the building. - It's massive. - Yes. - Why is this in the middle of the jungle? - Is this typical? - No, absolutely not. - That's quite a large structure. We could potentially look at these fittings around the doors and the windows for a preliminary date for this. - Yes. Sure. - I'm interested in these nails. Historical archaeologists call these wire nails. They're industrially mass produced, so we're getting 20th century architecture here rather than something earlier. This structure dates to the 1940s, that much is fairly clear. - Standing here I see similarities to buildings one, two, and three. Are these stones the same as the other buildings? - Oh, yes. The stone, the plaster, the windows, the frames, there are lots of similarities, but there are lots of differences. - These doors aren't really wide. - Absolutely. Here you see there was a door of two parts, you know, to open all. This is not normal in your house. - Absolutely not normal. This isn't for residential use. This isn't for a family moving in and out. Everything feels powerful, thick, durable, and industrial. The first thing that stands out to me about this is the open floor layout. If I were to envision what this use was, this feels like military barracks. This is where you line up bunk beds and put soldiers. One floor, two floor. Wide open. If you had heavy equipment you're obviously going to be putting it on the ground floor. You're gonna have people sleeping on the floor above it. This is built like a military support structure. Four-feet thick walls with doors that you can push pallets of ammunition through. If this is a military complex, you have to have a place to house your personnel. This could be just that. You're going to be limiting access to protect what you're storing in here. If you're going to be hiding and protecting Adolph Hitler, you're gonna have to have a building like this. - This information has the potential to really change the entire course of our investigation. While the field team continue to explore the jungles of Argentina, Bob and John review the findings from the German leg of their investigation where a declassified MI-6 document reported that Adolph Hitler was flown from a makeshift runway in Berlin on April 29, 1945, led the team to uncover a never before known fifth exit from Hitler's Fuhrerbunker. - Well, for me the most mysterious part is exit 5. Here's the entry. - From there it goes into a tunnel. Precisely at this point, the East German Secret Police, the Stasi, were conducting their own investigation. A declassified Stasi file reveals that this fifth exit would have connected to a 2,000 foot long tunnel, ending at the base of the Brandenburg gate. This iconic monument marks the beginning of Tiergarten Park which was redesigned by Hitler to be the crown jewel of his capital city. - So what did it get him, getting in the middle of the Tiergarten at the Brandenburg gate? - Brandenburg Gate. Hitler. Plane. Let's take a look at this document here. So this is dated December 29, 1949. The reporting agency is the Soviet Union. A plane which was piloted by Hanna Reitsch on the 28th of April flew out of Berlin from the Brandenburg Gate. - According to this document it looks like it was a runway. It was a makeshift runway, and they're flying out as late as the 28th of April. - Which is only one day before Captain Baumgart flew Hitler from perhaps the same location. - If Hanna Reitsch leaves on the 28th, makes it out successfully, a test run if you like, that means Hitler could have gotten out of Berlin the day after. Where there's smoke there's fire. Could this be the makeshift runway Hitler used to escape from Berlin? Is it even reasonable to fly in and get out on the 29th of April... - Right. - When the Russians were circling the city? - If we can go in and we can corroborate that there was indeed this makeshift airstrip, we may really have something. - Hanna Reitsch, she's able to fly a plane in and out of here on April 28th. Allegedly, on April 29th, Baumgart flies Hitler out of here. Lenny DePaul and Sascha Keil investigate the avenue running from the Brandenburg Gate through Tiergarten Park in search of evidence that it could have been used as a makeshift runway. - Sascha take me back. April, let's say April 20th through the 30th. Did the Nazis occupy this area right here? - From the Brandenburg Gate to the Victory Column, this was defended to the last hours of the Third Reich. This was the last stronghold controlled by the German Army and by Hitler. All the other air strips and airports were down and forced by the Russians in these days. - And the Victory Column was what? - Can we get in the Victory Column? - Yes. - You can get me up top? - Yeah. - Let's go. I got to see this. What a vantage point that would be. - It was a kind of jewel, a gem of the government. It was a hot spot for the fighting in the last war days. - Wow, this whole place is shot up. - The Russians with General Konev, the troops were just over there a few hundred meters and they knew that German soldiers were inside. - Look at the bullet holes, Sascha. I can't believe this. This was pretty much the last stand for the Germans. This place was held up for a reason. By April 24, 1945, the advancing Soviet Army encircled the once pristine capital of the Third Reich. With each passing day the Soviets tightened their grip around the heart of Berlin, forcing nearly all remaining Nazi troops to retreat and defend a four square mile area of the inner government district, which included the Fuhrerbunker, Tiergarten Park, and the Victory Column. - I got chills just thinking about the Russians are outside shooting at us with everything they got. The Russians were 100 meters out. High ranking Nazi officials, they knew they were signing their death warrant right there. Why would they be here? Oh, wow. Holy cow, look at this. You got to be kidding me. You can see any Russian aircrafts coming in. - Yeah. - It makes sense from this vantage point. You got a makeshift runway right here. There's only one reason that the Nazis would be held up here in this tower. This is basically an air traffic control tower. Where's the Fuhrerbunker from here? 600 meters? - 600 to 700, not more. - He could have jumped in the tunnels, through the Tiergarten to here. The team has now uncovered a new exit from Hitler's Fuhrerbunker that would have led to a tunnel below Tiergarten Park and connected directly to a massive boulevard extending from the Brandenburg Gate. - I get the length of this as a makeshift runway, but width wise, it doesn't make sense to me. I mean, look at the length it's perfect. But what about these lamp posts? How are you gonna get wings of an airplane down here, like, every 15, 20 yards apart, right? - Hundreds. The whole line. - Taking a look at the lamp posts that were every 10 meters apart, it would have been very risky to accommodate an aircraft. Not only was Adolph Hitler tactically sound, he was a forward thinker. I mean, those lampposts could have easily clipped a wing. That whole escape plan would have been grounded. And it's just a gut feeling, but as a criminal investigator, it just doesn't add up. The way it looks right now, for the wingspan of this aircraft to be able to get up and down this runway, it's a death trap. - That's an eerie looking building. I can just imagine what had occurred there. While waiting for an update from the German leg of their investigation, Bob and John focus their attention to the findings from the jungles of Misiones, Argentina, where they have discovered a new, fourth structure in the same area that a declassified Argentinian document reports a Nazi militarized outpost after World War II. - I think this is just an anomaly. It's just like glaring huge. Who builds a two-story structure with reinforced walls, very thick bolts in the middle of the jungle? I mean, it looks like somebody took a plan from maybe a barracks and said, "All right, go put this in Misiones, out in the jungle when nobody could see it." The more we get into the Misiones site, the more it starts looking like something military related. According to the Argentine report, this was a military zone, and voila, what do we have here? A military type structure. You put soldiers there, supplies, and then that would protect the main residences. I truly think this is huge. I mean, I think it is huge. - Always lingered in my mind in the first part of our investigation was, okay, if it was Hitler that's in that building or some other high value target... - Yeah. - Where are the people that are providing security for him? Are they living in the same building? - Yeah, no, exactly. I mean, he just didn't go out there and sit up in his mansion, you know, and do everything himself, but now we're talking about someplace you could put personnel that would be right in wherever you lived. - I'd like to see artifacts that relate to soldiers, soldiers that would be used for the protection of a high-value target. If this was a militarized outpost, you need soldiers to fortify it, and so they would have left evidence behind. I think we're clever enough to... - Find out who was in that building. - Exactly. - These are the artifacts? - Yeah. Here are all the artifacts. Deep in the jungles of Misiones, Daniel Schavelzon has granted Tim Kennedy and Alasdair Brooks access to his base camp, the home for thousands of artifacts Daniel has uncovered from the four structures that make up this Nazi jungle hideout. - This is from all the sites you've been working on. - Yes, absolutely all came from inside the site. - I find the two-story building significant. We need to find clues in these artifacts that will tell me who the people are that were using it and what they were doing here. - How many artifacts have you found in your excavation work? - For the moment, over 4,000 fragments and items, but we keep digging. - As you'd likely expect, my eyes were caught by the ceramics. - Yeah, you're an expert on that. - This one's particularly interesting to me, a gravy boat in the middle of the jungle? And these structures are in the middle of nowhere. Why would you have a level of formal of dining, a level of that aspiration to gentility in these households? - I don't think there's any question anybody could doubt that somebody was prepared to stay here for as long as they wanted and can feel safe. - This is particularly interesting because it has a German maker's mark. That's Villeroy & Boch. If I were to find this in, say, Buenos Aires, I might not be too surprised. Here in Misiones, on the banks of the Parana River, in these sites, this complex of sites that are hidden away, that's more remarkable. This is highly breakable, highly fragile materials made in Germany. Excepting that Hitler's style of living was higher end, there is connection, an unexpected level of formal dining here in the jungle. - This doesn't look like somebody is there to hide. This is like somebody is there to live comfortably. And to me, for a high value target like Adolph Hitler to be comfortable and safe, That means that they have soldiers around them. Have you found anything that is military or that would be used to protect somebody that could live this comfortably? - Yes, we have some other things. Here you have, for example, bullets. - And this is obviously 9 millimeter bullets. This bullet has been used historically to protect the most important people on the planet, and is still used today for that exact same reason. Of all of the different things they had found, of all the different fragments of bottles, medicine, trash cans, the military items were the least frequent. That made a lot of sense to me. These are not guys who are gonna be losing bullets, dropping magazines, losing guns. These are trained soldiers. They're not gonna leave a trace of what they're doing or how they do it. I would almost want to segregate all of these artifacts, in my mind, the people that were living comfortably, the people that were secure, the people that were being protected, and then everybody else. The person who is using this, I think, is protected by the people that are using that. This is a possible runway. Bob and John review the findings of their investigation to determine if the street between the Brandenburg Gate and the Victory Column could have been used as a makeshift runway to fly Hitler out of Berlin in the final days of the war as reported by a declassified MI-6 file. - We've got the Victory Column. Its height certainly could have been used for a makeshift air traffic control center. - You've got all the makings of a runway except problems with the wingspan. It's getting very convincing that Hitler left through the Tiergarten. You know, Hitler bringing his troops in, you know, sort of the last defense, circling the wagons. So Tiergarten is looking really good except for the lampposts that run down the road, because that makes it a very hazardous place to take off. It's not the kind of risk a good planner would have built into this. The main thing is the light poles. - You're right. Is the avenue wide enough? That's really the question. - Yeah. I think that's key. Absolutely key. essandro, hey. To determine if this avenue was wide enough to navigate a plane through in the final days of the war, Lenny makes contact with Alessandro Nuzzo and Frederico Uccelli of Leica Geosystems. - I need dimensions. I need the width of the street from the Brandenburg Gate to the Column. - We can do it. We will generate a 360 degrees spherical image, providing 256 megapixels each second. With seven laser scanners, and a 360 degree camera array, the Leica Pegasus 2 is used by forensic analysts all over the world to transform crime scenes into 3-D models with accuracy down to the millimeter. The result of the scan will allow the investigative team to examine Hitler's possible escape route from every angle. - Well, go work your magic. While the Leica laser scan gets underway... - Lenny. - Thanks for coming back out, brother. How you doing, all right? Lenny meets with Sascha Keil who has uncovered evidence from local photo archives. - This is before the war, and you can compare these lines with the modern lampposts. - Yeah, right, right. - As you can see, it's the same line. So the second one, this is from April and May 1945. And you see, no lampposts. - Wow. The German troops, they cut them at the ground level here and had more space. - You're telling me they eliminated these poles on both sides, right? - Yeah. - This is unbelievable. Somebody was under a direct order to cut these things down for a reason. So here you got the lampposts, here you don't, which gave them at least another 20 feet on each side to get an airplane down there. It makes absolutely no sense for those lampposts to be cut down unless you wanted to accommodate or fit something down this road. You can only imagine this was the contingency plan that was in place by Adolph Hitler. The place was caving in on him. He was backed into a corner and he needed to get out of Dodge in a hurry. Yeah, there's a method to his madness. I'll give the devil his due. He thought this thing out. Boom, he's on this makeshift runway, and he's gone. To me, the puzzle's been put together. This season on "Hunting Hitler"... - What can you see? - There's something right here! - We're kicking this investigation into high gear. - Oh, look at that. A German Luger, right? - Yeah, we are now getting really, really close. - We've got our hands on hundreds of new leads. We're gonna hit the ground and find out the truth behind them. - Holy. - We're looking for Hitler's escape routes. They can shuttle people right out in the ocean into a waiting U-boat. And we're infiltrating his tunnels and his transit points. Right here. We got an opening. That's an escape tunnel. Whoa. We're uncovering his web of contacts around the world. - If you were an escaping Nazi, this would be a good place to come. - This is starting to look a little bit suspicious. - Witnesses for the first time are speaking up. - We're gonna paint a complete picture of the truth. - I have explosives detected. - They'd been planning this for years. - Adolph Hitler was not going to hide forever. Presumably he was looking to rearm. - That's weaponized nuclear power. - And he dreamed of hitting the United States. - Aw, look at this. If you're gonna detonate a dirty bomb of some kind, this is the place to do it. - Ooh. - We're gonna continue this hunt for Hitler until it's settled absolutely. - This is ground Zero. - This is Adolph Hitler's home. - These are people who can keep a secret. - We'll get to the bottom of it. Subtitles Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 