Hunting Hitler: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hunting Hitler 
 s3e1 - The Final Hunt Begins - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hunting Hitler (2015–…): Season 3, Episode 1 - The Final Hunt Begins - full transcript 
 Bob Baer recruits a terrorist targeting officer, Nada Bakos; the team uncovers two planned escape routes for Adolf Hitler; Tim and James discover a vast tunnel system; Lenny and Gerrard ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What was the significance of Narvik to the Nazis at the end of the war? What were the submarines doing here? Heavy water is one of the necessary components to making a nuclear weapon. If we're going to find any evidence of heavy water, where should I look? Have we had any potential targets yet? No, not yet. What's that right there? Ah. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That's massive! Yeah, that's big. That's big. We have a hit. Let's find out what it is. Throughout this investigation, Hitler has always left a trail. What lies beneath us might give us real evidence for the very first time of his plans put in action. This post-war Nazi machine was bigger than anything I could even have imagined. "The entire Nazi movement is completely and perfectly organized throughout the world." They weren't going to give up. They weren't defeated. They were going to keep going until they got back on top. Bob Baer, 21-year CIA veteran, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and one of the most respected minds in the intelligence community, has spent the last two years overseeing a global manhunt to uncover the fate of Adolf Hitler at the end of World War II. Holy crap. That's a swastika. Biggest criminal in modern history supposedly commits suicide in this bunker. But where is the body? There are no witnesses that saw him dead. We first started this investigation because we had no conclusive proof he died in the bunker. The body that was wrapped up in that blanket was not him. That's a problem. The more we kept digging, we established that he could've made it not only out of Germany, but he could have made it all the way to South America. And beyond that, we established there was a plan to get Hitler and thousands of Nazis to safety. This is a nasty nest of vipers right in the middle of Europe. Hitler would've had massive infrastructure, safe houses, money, military compounds, and the support of a massive network of associates. This was not Saddam Hussein hiding in a spider hole. This was a well-organized, well-funded plan that was set up years in advance to get Hitler to safety. He has everything that he needs to do, I think, anything that he wants. And that's scary. In the last 70 years, no one has ever been this close to discovering the truth about Hitler. What we found is absolutely ground-breaking, but doesn't tell us exactly what happened to Adolf Hitler. We need to find where he went and exactly how he got there. Now we have to close this case. And to do that, we're going to change our strategy. We're going to do what every intelligence agency does when they want to capture their target. We're going to use a strategy called asset-mapping, which means uncovering his support network of close associates. And we are going to simply analyze these links and figure out how they may have helped him get away. This is what I've done throughout my whole career at the CIA... Looking at networks to track down high-value terrorists. To execute this new approach to the investigation, Nada Bakos, former terrorist-targeting officer and an expert in the asset-mapping method, joins the team. From 2000 to 2011, Nada was at the heart of the CIA task force responsible for dismantling the Al-Qaeda network and its biggest targets, Osama Bin Laden and Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. To take down a whole network, you work on one detail at a time... One person at a time, one piece of information at at time... That will eventually lead you to your target. You're going to build a picture which represents the network that's around the high-value target. If you want to hunt for somebody, go to Nada Bakos. She's one of the best. People put their lives in her hands based on her judgement. To find this guy, we have to understand where he went for help. Even the smallest connection can break this case wide open. Like Bin Laden. He relied on a courier to keep him alive, keep him safe. And they finally were able to capture him because of the courier. That's how you find people that don't want to be found. This is the final step in hunting a human being. And that needs to be the next step for this investigation. By taking apart that network, Hitler's got nowhere to hide. If we're going to map the assets around Hitler, the first step is looking at the family because they're some of the closest people to the target. And that usually gives us new pieces of intelligence that we can then follow. Well, I think absolutely we should start there. As Bob and Nada initiate their asset-mapping strategy, they're assisted by a first-of-its-kind database that combines powerful network search tools, link analysis software, and 14,000 recently declassified documents from every major intelligence agency around the world. So, this is Hitler's immediate family. And by the time he is 18, both of his parents pass away. And we can eliminate his half-brother, Alois, because they were estranged and didn't have a relationship. Four of his siblings died during childhood, so we can eliminate all of them. And what we have left is Adolf and his two sisters, Angela and Paula. The two sisters now should be our target. Let's find out what happened to them. Paula and Angela Hitler, April 1945. Look, we got a bunch of hits. Okay, we got... Look. The database has a 91% match for these keywords. US Army, July 12, 1945... This was an interview with Hitler's sister. "My coming to Berchtesgaden was very strange. One morning in the middle of April, a driver entered the house and told me we were supposed to leave in two hours." Here's Hitler pulling his two sisters out of their homes and moving them to Berchtesgaden. And that's big. Okay, look. Here's Berlin. And we've got Berchtesgaden down here. That's an hour flight, 350 miles south. He obviously trusts his sisters to be located in this area. So, why Berchtesgaden? You know, what we have to remember is Berchtesgaden is Hitler's home. He felt comfortable there. Built deep into the mountains of southern Germany, the small town of Berchtesgaden was home to the Fuhrer's Alpine headquarters known as the Berghof. Hitler spent more time at this home than anywhere else during World War II. And from this balcony in 1939, he made the decision to invade Poland, officially commencing the war. And look at this file. US Army, April 7, 1945... This is a secret memo from Eisenhower to the High Command, right before the fall of Berlin. "Berlin itself is no longer a particularly important objective. We proceed on the general plan of attempting to disrupt any German effort to establish a fortress in the southern mountains." That's Berchtesgaden. This is Eisenhower in his own words... "We don't care about Berlin anymore." Rather than going north up to Berlin, he's going 350 miles south to Berchtesgaden. I'm seeing Berchtesgaden coming several times, with Hitler's sisters and now with Eisenhower sending troops down to southern Germany. I wonder what it is about the region that is so important. They had to have intelligence that the leadership was going there. For me, it's very simple. The only way Eisenhower would divert his assault on Berlin is if he found a new target. There's something more important in Berchtesgaden than there is in Berlin. It's not an accident they're all going there. The question is, is it part of a bigger plan? What was happening in Berchtesgaden at the end of the war? If he's sending his family, it's because he knows it's safe. Exactly. US Army Special Forces Tim Kennedy and world-renowned historian James Holland land in Berchtesgaden, Germany. We know that Adolf Hitler's sisters were sent here to these mountains, the exact same mountains that Eisenhower is looking for a southern fortress. It is imperative for us to find out if there was a plan in place for Adolf Hitler to come here at the end of the war. You certainly get the lay of the land from up here. Without a doubt. The team begins their investigation into Hitler's potential escape through Berchtesgaden at a lookout point 6,000 feet above the valley floor. So, that down there, Tim, that's Berchtesgaden. And Hitler's home was in the city? Well, he wasn't actually in the town at all. He was in a place called the Obersalzberg, which is... Actually, it's that saddle just down there. That is the Obersalzberg. Hitler's house is right in the center, but today, you can't see it because a lot of it has been destroyed. Hitler's here, and suddenly, other Nazis start buying houses there as well. And they just colonized this whole area here. You think of Hitler as the king, this is his palace, and this is the palace grounds. That's it. This investigation has turned towards Hitler's network here. And now we have a Nazi compound in the mountains. It's vital to us to know who was here at the end of the war that might have aided in escape plans for Adolf Hitler. Lisa, hello. Hi. Tim and James make contact with local expert Lisa Graff-Ryman, who has spent the last 20 years studying the history of the region. Lisa, right at the very end of the war, Hitler sends his sisters here. Who else was here in Obersalzberg and Berchtesgaden at that time? Who was the head of Hitler's cabinet. Yeah. Goering, who was Hitler's number Yes, mm-hmm. What's interesting about this period right at the very end of the war is the Russians are closing in, and some of the key members of Hitler's inner circle are escaping here to Berchtesgaden. It's just incredible. Not only did Adolf Hitler send his family, but also the upper echelon of the Nazi Party was here at the end of the war. I'm convinced that Eisenhower knew something that we don't. Everybody's heading to Berchtesgaden. It's incredible. So there's a reason Eisenhower diverted everybody. Bob and Nada review the findings the team uncovered in southern Germany, where a declassified document claims Berchtesgaden, the resort town where Hitler made his home, may have been the location of a secret Nazi escape plan. At the end of the war, we can place Lammers and Goering at Berchtesgaden. These guys are key spokes in the wheel. You're not going to have this kind of gathering of high-ranking officials without a good reason. This is some sort of secret plan, no doubt about it. Let's see what we can find in the database. Here we go. Reporting agency... OSS, predecessor of the CIA... April 26, 1945. "Hitler's new hideout. A high Nazi Party official in Hitler's immediate entourage have asked him to suggest an inconspicuous place for Hitler in Berchtesgaden. You know, it doesn't get any bigger than this. You've got this OSS report essentially putting Hitler in Berchtesgaden. You know, you couple this with Eisenhower taking the whole Allied effort down there, and the fact that his whole core leadership were going to Berchtesgaden. This is a huge revelation. I think it is perfectly possible that after his last public appearance, he decides to go to Berchtesgaden. Hitler was last seen in public speaking to the Hitler Youth on April 20, 1945. Soviet forces stormed the bunker on May 2nd, leaving a 12-day window where the true location of the Fuhrer remains unknown. Look, we've spent all this time looking for ways out of the bunker before May 2nd. But maybe he wasn't even there. Maybe we're looking in the wrong place. Maybe he was in Berchtesgaden the whole time. This completely changes this investigation. The question I have is, would Hitler have done that? As the most wanted man in the world at the time, does it make sense for him to actually leave Berlin and travel down to Berchtesgaden at this point? With everyone looking for him, he wouldn't go someplace unless it was just as safe as the Fuhrerbunker. Well, that's a good question. I mean, what did he have in place that would allow him to move from the Fuhrerbunker to Berchtesgaden? I think this is absolutely worth checking out. Yeah. Tim and James have got to get on this. Up this hill used to be the main entrance. To Hitler's driveway? Yep. Deep in the Alpine region of southern Germany, Tim and James investigate the site of Hitler's former mountain retreat located in the center of the Obersalzberg compound. If you're bringing Adolf Hitler here at the end of the war, he needs to know that he's safe. We need to dig into this area to see if it could've provided enough security for Adolf Hitler to relocate from Berlin. We are actually walking where Hitler walked countless times. Yeah. It's just amazing. This is the Berghof. You can see it's in a pretty bad state. Yeah. What happened here? The German Government blew it up in 1952. What they did was they destroyed it, bulldozed it, and they've covered it with rubble and soil and planted trees. And this is really the only major bit that still remains, a kind of retaining wall behind the Berghof. That's what it originally looked like. You're starting to get a scale of it. This was no small house. Do you have any idea what kind of security measures they had in place here to protect it? Well, I know the entire area was cordoned off. But what there was around here, I'm not sure. He's never going to leave the Fuhrerbunker in Berlin if he's vulnerable and exposed. There has to be more here... A bunker or a tunnel complex. Yeah, I agree. The Fuhrerbunker in Berlin is a bombproof shelter. I mean, that is a serious amount of concrete. Hitler was obsessed with security. If Hitler is going to leave Berlin, he would need something that's better than what they already have. We need to find the things that would've protected him. Look at this, Tim. It's just stones, bricks. Hang on. What do you think this could be? I mean, that's not going to be a bunker entrance, is it, or exit? No. No, but... But it's something. Yeah. There's little pipes. There's holes... three of them. So, you think this is some kind of drainage or cistern or something? It could be drainage. They also might be running lines through there. Communication lines, wires and things? Or just power. Right. And they're pointing this direction, like this. So, keep going this way. Yeah. We have to be getting close to something. Well, look. It looks like there's some earth that's been moved. There's a big chunk taken out of the side. Hey, hang on a minute! Look at this! Concrete! Look at that. That is a door. Holy. 300 yards from Hitler's former home, the team locates a reinforced steel door built into the side of the hill. This has the exact same massive concrete protection as you see in the bunkers in Berlin. Oh! That's hollow. Yeah, it is, isn't it? Knocking on that door, you have that hollow, echoing sound that you get from inside of a cave. It sounded like it went forever. We have a huge steel door blocking us from gaining access to a massive, major, empty tunnel. I can guarantee you that it's not just a wine cellar or a storage room. We have to know what's behind that door. Underneath Hitler's house, look at this door. I mean, look at the walls. This was not just a vacation house, clearly. Bob and Nada review the findings from Hitler's home in the mountains of Berchtesgaden in southern Germany where a declassified document could point to Hitler hiding out at the end of the war during the time period he was believed to be in Berlin. Does this door lead to a bunker like the one he had in Berlin? We've got to figure out how to get in there. Yeah. While the team works contacts to gain access to what lies behind the door, Bob and Nada uncover intel that could open a new front in their investigation. Bob, you've got to take a look at this file. So, this is from OSS in June 12, 1945. Look at this line. "At this time, the decision had been taken to divide the ministries in two parts and establish one government in the north and one in the south." What this file tells me is they're splitting up, creating multiple escape routes. I mean, this is textbook redundancy. North gets cut off, you head south. South gets cut off, you head north. That's one of the best survival skills that networks build, is to give themselves more than one escape route. Hitler could've taken either one of these. He could've gone north, or he could've gone south. In order to find out which path he took, we need to look at both routes. The south has got to be Berchtesgaden. Yes. Yeah, absolutely. So, I guess the bigger question is... Who went north? ...who went north? Yeah. Because if we want to find out more about this escape route, we need to find out who's running it. Who would have enough familiarity with the north that would be able to facilitate this route? Well, one of his close associates, the head of the SS, Himmler, was caught in the north trying to escape. Himmler is the guy we want to start working on. Heinrich Himmler was one of the most powerful figures in the Third Reich, and directly responsible for Hitler's personal safety. Himmler fled Berlin at the end of the war and was captured in Bremervorde, northern Germany on May 22nd, three weeks after Hitler was believed dead. Here we go. MI6, October 22, 1945. "The SS unit, about 30 men, withdrew to the Hohenlychen area. I found out immediately that Himmler's headquarters were located there." Hohenlychen is Himmler's headquarters. Let's pull a map and find out where it's located. Let's take a look. You've got Berlin here, Hohenlychen here. Himmler goes to Hohenlychen. It's only 65 miles. All the pieces are coming together. We have a northern escape route, and now we have a report saying that Himmler has his headquarters near Hohenlychen. But did Hohenlychen have the infrastructure that would've facilitated an escape to the north? Exactly. That's the question. I think this warrants splitting the investigation. We should get a second team on the ground, send them north. What did they have in Hohenlychen that would've helped Himmler and Hitler get away? Is it a possible northern route for Hitler? Depends on how big an SS operation is here. Lenny DePaul, former commander of the US Marshals Fugitive Task Force, and investigative journalist Gerrard Williams arrive at the location of Heinrich Himmler's former headquarters in search of infrastructure that could've supported a secret northern escape route set up for Adolf Hitler after the war. Pretty big structures here. There wasn't one single plan. There were two possible escape plans to get the Fuhrer and his most trusted people out of Berlin before the Soviets took it. Did Hitler come through here? I don't know, but we're going to find out. This is the size of a small town. This compound is massive. There are several structures on the property. I'm going to go through every inch of this place to see what we can uncover. What do you think went on here? I don't know. They begin their investigation of the 26-acre compound at a large two-story building. See if we can get in this place. Watch your step. It's huge! This goes on forever. Look at this hallway. There was rooms upon rooms upon rooms. To me, this is what a barracks would look like. You could have thousands of Nazi soldiers here, easy. If you needed that type of protection, you definitely had accommodations for all of them. I mean, you could just put so many people here. Be a hell of a bombing opportunity. But you see, most Nazi-era buildings are not left like this. They were either demolished or repurposed. Why would they not target this place? Why wasn't this place bombed? You'd go anywhere that was not really important. In 1946, there'd be bomb craters everywhere. You look at the pictures of Berlin, and that's after the Allies bombed it and then the Soviets shelled it. But here, there's nothing. There's not even a bomb crater. And I have no idea why. The team continues their investigation of the compound, exploring a structure 200 yards to the east. Look at this. Why do we have tile all the way up to the ceilings? Elevated floor... What was on top of these things? Some sort of table. What is this, an operating room? I think that's a prep table. Yeah, right? And this is an O.R. Look at this. What is this? 35 millimeter X-ray film. Look at this. Oh, my God. There's a chest cavity. Yeah. We've been wondering what the hell this is. I can't think it could be anything else but a pretty major hospital complex. That completely fits. This whole compound is off-limits if it's medical. Under the Geneva Convention, if you painted red crosses on the roofs of these buildings, they were off the bombing list. This was a gentleman's war, and Heinrich Himmler was no damn gentleman. This was definitely a hospital, and a perfect cover to hide some high-value target or somebody trying to get out of dodge in a hurry. As part of a northern escape route, it's a great place to come. You're safe here to work out what the next step on the plan is. It was perfect. This could be part of the northern escape route. Bob and Nada are overseeing a dual-pronged investigation following two possible escape routes out of Berlin, one leading toward Hohenlychen in northern Germany and another going south to Berchtesgaden. I am very curious about what's behind this door. I mean, what were they using this for? They focus in on their investigation into the Nazi's southern escape route, where they have uncovered a mysterious door just 300 yards from the location of Hitler's home. You know who we should get a hold of, is Sascha Keil. Hey, Sascha, it's Bob. Hello, Bob. Sascha Keil is a world-renowned expert on Nazi underground structures. Hey, Sascha, we found this door near the Berghof, cut in the side of the mountain. What's behind it? That's just amazing. Have you been inside it? Did you see it? When people are hiding things, it's a red flag for me. There's something behind there, and I want to know what it is. Sascha, is there a way we can find out more about this... Anything to give us a better idea of what this looks like? I can try to find out. Thank you. The German government is denying access, but we're not going to take "no" for an answer. We're going to find out what's under there, whatever it takes. Did that bunker serve a purpose in protecting Hitler as he was escaping south? The number of people that have had access into the Obersalzberg compound... Right... are very few. Not too many, no. Along the southern escape route, Tim and James made contact with historian Florian Birell, the foremost expert on Nazi infrastructure in Berchtesgaden. When I was a younger, a teenager, we used to go there quite often. We photographed it. We charted maps. It is absolutely vital for us to have a better understanding what lies beneath the Berghof, and if it could've provided enough security to protect the leader of the Third Reich if he had escaped out of the bunker in Berlin at the end of the war. This guy here is a real expert. I've worked with him for at least ten years. Florian has arranged a meeting with engineer Jurgen Weimar, who has spent the last decade mapping the Obersalzberg compound around Hitler's home. There's quite a bit of survey data that I collected over the years, and I gave all that to Jurgen. And he now has the computer technology and the programs to put it all together. Using Jurgen's state-of-the-art architectural software and Florian's exclusive data from the area under Hitler's home, they have created the most extensive and accurate computer model of what the Nazis would've had at their disposal. So, at the Berghof, we found a massive door that's located directly underneath Hitler's primary residence. I need to know what's behind that door. I can tell you there is more. Behind that door, you would find a vast labyrinth of underground tunnels. Really? Yes. Yeah, this is the whole bunker system. That is so much bigger than I thought. So, the blue is the buildings above ground. Right. So, there's the Berghof. Yes. And this is the system. It's incredible. A total of three and half miles of underground tunnels. Three and half miles? Yes, very extensive. 400 feet of solid rock above you right there. That's enough to stop a nuclear bomb. There's six different levels. Golly! It's incredible. This is more than just a basement of Adolf Hitler's home. This is a massive, interconnected tunnel system. This vertical shaft right here, what is all this? Yet another level. It was intended to build a road underneath the Obersalzberg. And in case there was a surprise attack, he could escape through a much lower level. So he could travel down with an elevator, get in the car, and get out of the place. This tunnel in red, was it built or was it just planned? No, they haven't finished it. Got you. I mean, this is vastly more sophisticated than anything than we have seen. It's more complex. It's more massive than anything in Argentina, in Chile, even in Berlin. Yep. This is essentially a Nazi in-out. But as it stands, you can't escape from there, can you? There's no way. There's a reason why the Taliban have been so successful fighting from the mountains in Afghanistan. You burrow into these mountains, you're there to stay. The Nazis knew that. But Adolf Hitler's not going to come here without an escape route. They have to have a safe way for him to get out, and we have to find it. The bunker system is extensive. But this escape tunnel was not finished. He was basically stuck. There was nowhere to go. Bob and Nada continue their investigation into two possible escape routes Hitler may have used to escape Berlin, one leading toward Berchtesgaden in southern Germany and the other heading to the north where they are investigating whether a Nazi compound in Hohenlychen could have been part of a secret northern escape route set up for Hitler after the war. There's 26 acres, and we know of at least 16 buildings so far that they had built for this facility... Some barracks and a hospital. A hospital would be a perfect place for a clandestine operation, similar to what terrorist organizations do now using civilian neighborhoods to hide in, using U.S. military uniforms to disguise themselves. It's evil but effective. This is from the OSS. "In Hohenlychen, Hitler used to visit the SS Sanatorium. Local people said Hitler was definitely seen to take a lakeside walk in the same area on 24 April 1945." This is an eyewitness. People say they saw Hitler at Hohenlychen, and this is six days before he supposedly committed suicide in the bunker. He's seen at Hohenlychen. The problem is, Hitler wouldn't be staying in any of these buildings. He wouldn't be staying with the general population. So, where would he be where there's a good deal of privacy... In fact, total privacy? We've got to find some place that Hitler could've put down and felt safe. I'll bet you that there's some sort of building or structure that could've housed him. We need to keep digging. - All right, partner, you ready? - Let's do what we do best. Investigating the northern escape route, Lenny DePaul, Gerrard Williams, and their local translator Teresa prepare to make contact with Rosemary Tottenhoff, a local woman who may have first-hand knowledge of Nazi activity at the Hohenlychen compound. If Hitler did come here as part of the northern escape route, he would've stayed somewhere secluded and quiet and secure. He'd have stayed somewhere pretty opulent. What we need to do is find out the areas where the high-ranking people stayed. Thank you very much for having us in your house today. You're very kind. Could you ask our friend here, what's her links to Hohenlychen? She was there herself because her father was a... What we would call an orderly. And her mother worked for a family there in Hohenlychen. And he was somebody important, she said. SS? SS? Yeah. Okay. Did her mother ever talk about senior members of the Nazi Party coming to visit? Hitler came to visit the Kiesewetter family when she was working there, and she had to take off Hitler's coat for him. Yeah, she said he was here more than once in Hohenlychen. That's interesting. Was the house in the complex? This is in Hohenlychen? This place right on the lake. Unbelievable. We didn't see this. No, we haven't seen that one there. Teresa, ask her if... where this building, this structure is. It's down the street toward the water on the right side. She's telling me it's on the property. We've never seen it. Mm-hmm. We've got to find this place. We have eyewitnesses to Hitler walking around this lake on the 24th. And now, there in the pictures is a building that looks like a large villa that was on the lake. It's just incredible. It all seems to be coming together. Well, let's go have a look at that house. Here we are. Just down there. Along the southern escape route in Berchtesgaden, Germany, Tim Kennedy and James Holland head to the location of a former Nazi office building in the area of Hitler's home that James uncovered while researching Nazi-era infrastructure at the local archives, to see if it could've been used to support the escape of Adolf Hitler after the war. If Adolf Hitler was considering moving to Berchtesgaden from Berlin, he would have to have a safe way to get out. We need to find evidence that they had an escape route already in place, ready to go. Nick. Hey. Their local contact, Nick Conrad, has gotten permission from the owner to let the team investigate the building for a possible escape route. Was this just an accounting building, logistical building? We need to know exactly what it was. We're all going to meet Mr. Holzel, the owner. Okay. Perhaps he can help us with that. Good. Tim, look at that. There is still the remains of a Nazi eagle over the front entrance porch. I mean, that's just absolutely incredible. Thanks for letting us come. Oh, wow. Look at this! This is absolutely amazing. All original. But what did they use this room for? For reception of foreign diplomats and leaders. They were gathering here. To this building, into this room? That's incredible. So this building is massively important. Is there a basement, or is there anything that would protect people? There is a big shelter underneath. Oh, really? Can we see that? Follow you? Yeah. That's incredible, isn't it? Just, we're going down and down and down. After about ten minutes and you're still descending, you're suddenly thinking, "Hang on a minute. This is not just a small little air-raid shelter. This is a really serious tunnel." What does this remind you of? It's identical to the piping system they had at the Berghof. This is communication and power... The same type of communication they had at the Berghof at Obersalzberg, they have here. It's all connected. Okay, so, this is a series of rooms, isn't it? So, it's not just a tunnel. There's chambers down here as well. Hitler's room, Tim. Incredible. We are literally standing where he would've stood. 200 feet below this Nazi-era government building, the team has uncovered a massive, multi-chambered bunker system leading to the personal quarters of Adolf Hitler. I mean, it's frightening. We are in the room that was built to protect and hide Adolf Hitler after the war. We're thinking about, he's leaving Berlin, he's going to come down here, and this gives you everything you need to be safe... Yep. ...to be hidden, to be secure. But where can he go from here? Well, this has got to have an exit point, right? Yeah, but where? The team works their way through the tunnel beyond Hitler's personal bunker. Ah, look at this. What was that used for right there? So, it's an emergency exit. Oh, my God. Wow. This is amazing! It's unbelievable, isn't it? It's wooded, it's hidden, and look at that! A rail line immediately outside of the tunnel, so you walk out of the tunnel... No one can see you. ...the train tracks are right there. Has this railroad always been here? You're kidding me. If Adolf Hitler walks out of that tunnel and he gets on a train... where's the next stop? This season on "Hunting Hitler"... Can you see anything, mate? Gerrard, you're not going to believe what I just found. Holy! If Hitler escaped, he did not do it by himself. He used a trusted network. We know that the Nazis were in South America, but this is at a level that I've never seen before. If we're going to finally track Hitler down, we need to deconstruct this network piece by piece... This goes much deeper than I realized. ...until we get to the bottom of it. Three, two, one, drop. This is everything we've been working towards. What we've stumbled upon is the most powerful weapon the Nazis had in their arsenal. We are throwing everything we can at this case... Oh, my God. Holy. ...to find out what happened to Adolf Hitler once and for all. Adolf Hitler could come here and know that he was safe. That's it! That's got to be it. Put us down right there. We cannot stop until we find the truth. This is the last piece of the puzzle, right? This is it right here. Subtitles Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 