Hunting Hitler: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hunting Hitler 
 s2e7 - Unmarked Grave - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hunting Hitler (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 7 - Unmarked Grave - full transcript 
 Kennedy and Williams seek the true identity of Juan Keller in Osorno, Chile, and later meet his adopted daughter. Simpson and Wood visit a cemetery in Asuncion, Paraguay. Kennedy and Simpson are sent to a suspected Nazi compound in Chile. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Hunting Hitler"... - They had a plan for mass destruction in the United States, using a weapon with a kill radius which would have taken out Manhattan. - We need to know everything about a Nazi scientist called Dr. Richter. - He got himself an island. - Richter's laboratory was cutting-edge, with machines that would enable him to develop a nuclear weapon. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - We have Inalco over here, Dr. Richter with island Huemul, the bunker destroyed in 1955, an observation tower. Somebody sat back with a map and said, "I'm gonna put an outpost here, I'm gonna put "Adolf Hitler here, and I'm gonna put a nuclear weapon program here." What I see here is the Fourth Reich's blueprint. HUNTING HITLER - SEASON 2 EP - 7 - Unmarked Grave - Our intelligence leads us to Huemul Island. Here Dr. Richter, with the acquiescence of Juan Peron, is developing nuclear technology. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Bob Baer and Dr. John Cencich review the findings from Bariloche, Argentina, where they have uncovered Huemul Island, a nuclear facility run by a scientist with Nazi ties just 30 miles from the Inalco house, a possible safe haven for Adolf Hitler, as well as several military installations in the area. - Look at the totality of evidence, not any one piece of it. So these people had on their mind, uh, creating the Fourth Reich. In Bariloche, you have the Inalco house. You've got the watchtower. You've got the bunker. You have a clandestine nuclear facility. They had the elements to create the Fourth Reich, but something went wrong. What happened? - We know that the Argentinean military took efforts to destroy the energy facility on Huemul Island and the bunker. - In 1955, Juan Peron is ousted, he's no longer in power, this is my theory that the Argentinean government is trying to remove any evidence of cooperation or the appearance of cooperation with the Nazi regime. In September 1955, the fascist dictator of Argentina, Juan Peron, who provided refuge to thousands of Nazi war criminals, was driven from power by a military coup and remained in exile for nearly two decades in Spain. - If Hitler made it to Argentina, Peron is overthrown in '55, Hitler would have been obligated to get up and move. Not only obligated, there would have been preparations in place. They went somewhere. Where did they go at that point? - From Bariloche, Chile is right over the mountain range. The Chilean government allowed thousands of Nazis to enter following the Second World War, and they lived with a lot of autonomy, so it's a perfect place for fleeing Nazis to make their way to. - Okay, Chile and Nazi... - Yeah, this is interesting, dated 2nd July, 1943. It's a memorandum from J. Edgar Hoover himself, pro-Nazi personalities in the vicinity of Osorno, Chile. Each paragraph is highlighted by different Nazi activities. There is a, uh, a network of Nazi support in the province of Osorno. If Bariloche is here, we have Osorno right here in Chile, the distance here is a mere 150 miles. People are running scared, where are they going to go? The most logical area is Osorno. - Every time we've looked at these German communities and followed these leads, there has been some sort of Nazi clandestine infrastructure, and I'm willing to bet we find something. In Osorno, Chile, U.S. Army Special Forces, Tim Kennedy, and investigative journalist, Gerrard Williams, are joined by their translator, America. - You can take point, America. They arrive at the home of Ruben Ramirez, a historian and lifetime resident of Osorno... - You ready? - Yeah. Who has spent his career studying Nazi activities in the area. - Thanks for taking the time to meet with us. We're interested in... Nazis that came to this area. We have information that lots came here, and we're trying to find a few very specific ones. - They were welcomed by the government here. - The Germans who were established here before helped each other, so when those Nazis arrived, they helped them get key positions in the government and working places. - Were there any senior Nazis who came here after the war? We're talking S.S. Generals, senior party officials. - Sí, señor. - Does he have names? - Juan Keller... - Legally, he was known as Juan Keller. - Juan Keller? - That was his legal name here. But it is said he was a higher position of Nazi. He was a person who lived in the shadows. - Having an alias, a false name, is distinctly part of a Nazi's book of tricks. You have to keep a low profile when you're one of the most wanted war criminals in the world. Did he meet this man, himself? - Sí. - He was just a kid when he saw him the first time. He was riding a horse, he had a huge leather jacket, boots, and he could see the bump of a gun sticking out of his back. - Was it normal in those days for people to carry guns around here? - No it was not normal, only people of power, people who had a lot of money, would go around with guns. - Will you tell us everything that you know about what Juan Keller was doing here? - There were people with guns guarding the perimeter. - Armed guards? - Exactly. People were really scared to see him, because there were a lot of deaths happening around him. - So these guys said that Juan Keller had been born here. Saying, "we've known him since he was a lad." - They were both murdered? - There's something strange going on here. - We have people dying around Juan Keller, being murdered, disappearing... they're not coincidences, those are specific, strategic choices. He's getting rid of witnesses, and he's killing threats. - But... so this is, what, in the 1950s? - Yes. - Which puts him snap in the timeline here. It's very suspicious that a high-ranking Nazi turns up, he's able to buy three large tracts of land and armed guards. I'd never heard of Juan Keller. He must be very, very important. - Who is Juan Keller? Do you know his name during the war? - That's the Million Dollar Question. - Is there anyone else that we can talk to to get more information about Juan Keller? - Just... Just the daughter who lives in Osorno. - She's still alive? - Sí. - Her name is Eliana Keller. - How do we find her? - We have to talk to her. That is a relative that is still alive and living in this area. - Let's go find the woman. - Appreciate your time. - If we can track down Eliana Keller, she could have information about the Nazi network infrastructure that was here in Osorno, Chile. We could blow this investigation wide open. - Let's take a look at what we have in Osorno. We have a local eye witness, who's telling us for the first time about a man by the name of Juan Keller. Bob and John review the findings from Osorno, Chile, where the team is in search of evidence that Hitler could have moved to this area after fleeing Argentina. They have uncovered a potential high-ranking Nazi living in Osorno under the alias, Juan Keller. - I mean, John, from the description of this guy, it looks like he's on the run. He's carrying a weapon, he's German, very intimidating, and if he's living under a pseudonym, he's got to be fairly important. I mean, a low-level Nazi is not going to take all this effort to hide his identity and kill the witnesses. - Agreed... and then we have his daughter, Eliana Keller, she's alive, she's still in the area, and she is a potential source of information surrounding the true identity of Juan Keller. - Mm-hmm. - This is interesting, it's an adoption certification. It's showing her, Eliana Keller, being born 1954 and it identifies the adopting father as Juan Keller. If he is established as a Chilean National, he has a daughter who is a Chilean National, and at some point in the future, there's an extradition request. It would throw a serious curveball into the extradition process altogether. - If he was pretending to be Chilean, and had a Chilean child by adoption, it would offer him a certain amount of protection. - Who is Juan Keller? We need to find out. - Yep. - Juan Keller, Worldwide, Chile... What do we got, Bob? - FBI, December 19th, 1945. "Martin Bormann, well known Nazi war criminal, "was traveling in Latin America under the name of Keller." Can you believe that? Keller. - Juan Keller's potential real identity is Martin Bormann. - It's a huge, blazing lead. It's absolutely crucial we get to Eliana Keller. Talk about a firsthand witness, the daughter is it. And Bormann was Hitler's right hand man. He's the natural person to follow to lead us to Hitler. So, finding somebody like this is key. - The team needs to locate Eliana Keller. Fortunately, we have a lead. One of her relatives, Gabriella Asenco. If she's willing to cooperate, perhaps that'll take us to Eliana. - Yep. Let's do it. - Well, we're here. - Let's see if we can pinpoint which house it is. In Osorno, Chile, Tim Kennedy and Gerrard Williams, with the help of their translator, America, arrive at the home of Gabriela Osenco, a reported relative of Eliana Keller. - Hopefully, we don't scare her off. Both of us are intimidating. Maybe you two walk up and I'll... - You can come join us. Gabriela Osenco is essential to this investigation. She's the woman we hope will lead us to Martin Bormann's daughter. If it is Martin Bormann, we need this person. - Señora Osenco. - Hola. - Hola. - Señora, we've been given your name by a man called Ruben Ramirez because we are looking for a lady called Eliana Keller. Can you help us? Do you know were she is? - No. - So you're not related to Eliana? - She was married to her brother. - And she has had no contact with her since? - No. - Okay. This is my colleague, Tim. - Her brother, is he still alive? - In the cemetery. - He's in the cemetery. - Okay. - Um... - Do you know anyone that could get a hold of Eliana Keller for us? - No. - Um... - Did you know a Juan Keller? - Eliana's father? - How long did Juan Keller live in Osorno? - No, she doesn't know. - Doesn't know. We'd like to stay in touch, and if she can find any information at all about Eliana, we would be very grateful. - I mean... hey, I have one more question. Juan Keller, was he a good guy? Was he a nice guy? Did the people around him like him? - There's a rumor that Juan Keller is Martin Bormann. Is that true? - Unbelievable. If you have Martin Bormann, you have Adolf Hitler. I realize it's sensitive, but we have to talk to her. - She's going to find out, and when she has the exact address, she will give you a call. - Muchas gracias. Thank you so much. - We'll be expecting your call. Thank you. We are so close right now to finding Eliana Keller. Eliana Keller could be the key to this entire investigation. If we can talk to Martin Bormann's daughter, we might find more evidence than ever of what Adolf Hitler did after he left the bunker in 1945. - The team needs to keep investigating in Chile. - It's clear we have to talk to Eliana. While the field team continues to dig in Chile, Bob and John discuss opening another leg of their investigation into where Hitler could've gone if he was forced to flee Argentina in 1955, after Peron fell from power. - In Argentina, we have two potential locations for Hitler: Bariloche, Inalco house. And you've got Misiones. The Nazi compound. We've now examined the possibility that under duress, Nazis could have run across the border from Bariloche to Chile. If you're fleeing Misiones, you're not gonna be going all the way across Argentina to Bariloche and then to Chile, it's too far. Misiones is right on the border of Paraguay. So what happened to these guys? - The first Nazi party that was organized outside of Germany was in the late 1920s, and it was in Paraguay. If Argentina was to become compromised, it would make sense to have two plan Bs: Chile and Paraguay. Misiones, which is just a few miles south of Paraguay, there's the other plan B. - Paraguay sided with Nazi Germany. They protected 'em. If you're in Misiones, had to get out quick, Peron falls, cross the piranha river, you're safe. What kind of facilities do you get in Paraguay? What do we have there? - Okay, let's take a look at Paraguay and Nazis... - Look, here we go, this is a secret document declassified. CIA. March, 1965. "Bormann is in Paraguay. "Bormann, guarded by four men "equipped with walkie-talkies, has four different hideouts." - I see this as significant. - Yeah. - So as the team keeps digging into Chile, we need to send another team to Paraguay. - Yeah, Asunción, the capital of Paraguay. Let's start right there. Asunción is close to Misiones. If there are any documents, if there are any facilities, they would be there. - I think we need to get Mike Simpson. He did a great job for us in Spain and in Morocco and I think we should have Graeme Wood. He's a Bormann expert. - If there's any evidence relative to Martin Bormann in Paraguay, Graeme Wood is our man. Let's get them on mission; let's get them into Paraguay. - I agree. - Did any big name Nazis come into Paraguay? That's what I want to know. U.S. Army recon expert Mike Simpson, investigative journalist Graeme Wood, and their translator, Jorge, are in search of evidence that Hitler could have fled to Paraguay. - When you're trying to investigate something that lot of people don't want you to know about, it's very difficult to weed out the truth from the fiction. As a journalist, it's my job to check out every little loose thread to see if it leads somewhere. - Dr. Fernandez. They make contact with former Supreme Court Justice, Dr. Jose Fernandez, who has agreed to grant the team access to classified government documents concerning Nazis on the run in Paraguay. - The government at the time had a very close connection to the German Nazis. That's all thoroughly documented, and there's still a lot more to go through, because the file is just so huge, that requires more time to be examined thoroughly. - The opening up of the Paraguayan archives is a really big event, because there was a huge amount of material that the regime had gathered about Nazis who were living in Paraguay. These are documents that were kept secret. - Do we have any information from these files about Nazis escaping their war crimes here in Paraguay? - This is huge. Right here, look at this sub paragraph. It starts off, "Martin Bormann, number one," all in caps. So he knew this was important, this was an important find that he's reporting to his boss. "Martin Bormann, Chief of the Nazi Party, came to Paraguay and lived here for some time." According to this, "Bormann eventually succumbed to his illness, stomach cancer, and he was buried on the night of the 17th of February, 1959, in the cemetery in Ita, near Asunción." - This is huge. - Mm-hmm. - We're talking about information that people in many continents would want to know. And what's so tantalizing about this report, is these are details that could have been left out if the informant wanted to, uh, just cook up a story, but instead, there's some verifiable stuff. They say where he was buried and we could go there to find out more about that. - Yeah. Earlier in the investigation, the team discovered that Bormann may not have died in Germany at the end of World War II. When his remains were uncovered in Berlin in 1972, they were covered with a mysterious red clay. - When people looked at those bones, there was the fact that the soil attached to the bones, um, had a kind of red, iron rich clay. Uh, which is something that you don't find anywhere in Germany This document that mentions Martin Bormann has a remarkable level of detail. Martin Bormann might have survived, lived in Paraguay and been buried here before, been dug up and then planted back in Berlin. Which would in itself be an incredible thing to discover. - And you have their contact information? - History says that Bormann died in Berlin in 1945. If we can develop any proof at all that Bormann died and was buried in South America, then Hitler being alive and also being in South America becomes even more likely. Everything is now different at this point. - This is the neighborhood. In Ita, Paraguay, Mike Simpson and his translator, Jorge, are in search of evidence that Hitler could have fled to this area. They are following a confidential Paraguayan file that claims that this area was the final resting place for Martin Bormann, 15 years after he was believed to have died at the end of World War II in Berlin. They make contact with a local woman, who was reported to have information regarding Bormann's burial. - She says it's okay, we can just, um... - Sí, sí. - History as it's written has always told us that Martin Bormann died in Berlin. If we prove that Martin Bormann was buried here in 1959, then this is ground zero for the investigation to go forward to prove that Adolf Hitler was also here. I was told that you have information pertaining to the burial of Martin Bormann here in Paraguay. You went with your father that night and you witnessed all of this first hand. - Sí, sí, sí. - Sí. - Did they say specifically, "this is the body of Martin Bormann"? - Do you remember the location of the grave? If we were to take you to that cemetery, could you find that location again? - And he lives in this area? - We're gonna need to talk to him. - Okay. - Gracias. - Bueno. - Eye-witness reports give you a depth that archival data cannot match. Having an eye witness, someone who was actually there, standing at the grave site when Martin Bormann was buried... This is huge. We need to talk to this guy. Mike joins up with Graeme Wood. They head for the reported location of an eye witness... - That looks like the one, right there. Who could potentially point them to the precise site where Bormann was buried. - It's the place. - Mucho gusto. - I was told that you have information about where Martin Bormann was buried, here in Paraguay. - I know you're a busy man. Could you show us right now where that grave is? - No problem. Vamos. - At every point in our investigation, we found Bormann and Hitler coming up in all the same locations in the right time frame. If we can find any evidence at all that Martin Bormann was laid to rest in this grave, then the next question is, what about Hitler? Did he end up in Paraguay also? - So this is it? - That's right. - How did you happen to get the information? Is this something that you saw for yourself? - He was working for the priest at the time, so he had to be there the day after he was buried. - When was the first time that people began to whisper about the true nature of this grave? - The day after he was supposedly buried here, people started talking. They were saying that some warlord uh, was brought here from Ascension. That's what the people were saying. And then he tried to confirm it and asked the priest later that was what happened, and the priest kind of, like, just said that Martin Bormann was buried here. - The priest said that Martin Bormann was buried in this grave? - What was the name of this priest? - And what can you tell me about Asencio Ayala? - This priest was not only a very important member of the community, but also really well connected with powerful people. He worked for the army. - He was a Chaplain? - Yeah, Chaplain, yeah. - This priest would have had direct ties to the capital, to the military power structure, and to the president of Paraguay. That tells me this goes to the highest levels, and I think they still had things that they wanted to hide. Who else was here, who else was alive? Let me widen this for the auger a little bit. Mike and Graeme are granted access to investigate the grave site that is reported to have housed Martin Bormann's remains. - I see some good, soft earth here. - Soft is good. We're starting to see red earth, that iron rich soil. - The reports of the skull exhumed in Berlin that was DNA matched to Bormann had this red clay on it. And we're clearly seeing a red clay that at least visually looks very similar, and not native to Germany, not native to Berlin. - For this being a small town, she was a difficult woman to get a hold of. - Yeah. Maybe she's a private person who doesn't want to talk about the possibility that Martin Bormann was Juan Keller. In Osorno, Chile, Tim Kennedy, Gerrard Williams, and their translator, America, arrive at the home of Eliana Keller, the adopted daughter of Juan Keller, which according to declassified FBI documents, is the alias used by Martin Bormann when he moved from Argentina to Chile. - Doing an interview like this, we're re-writing what people think that they know about what happened to the leaders of the Third Reich. Eliana Keller, the daughter of Juan Keller, potentially could be the daughter of Martin Bormann, the second command of the Third Reich. If Bormann was here in the open, how close could Adolf Hitler have been? There's a lot of very, very sensitive issues here, but we know what we need and we have to get it. - Eliana Keller? Señora Keller? - Sí. - Sí? - Sí? - Muchas gracias. - Vamos. - Thank you for seeing us. - Eliana we've heard, um, many tales about, um, your family and we'd like to hear your story. Are you Juan Keller's natural daughter? - It was an agreement with Juan Keller's housekeeper. - Oh, okay, okay. - She was adopted at two months. And... - Oh a baby, a complete baby. - Yes, and at five years old, she started going to the German school. - Was your father a German? - What did you father do for work? What was his main occupation, and how many people did he usually have working with him or for him? - It wasn't only the land he had in Las Trancas, he had two other places, and they worked there, too. - So he was wealthy, he had lots of money? - Yeah, of course he was. - How old were you the last time you saw Juan Keller? - Never saw him again. - After your father left when you were 13, the story started coming out that your father, Juan Keller, was Martin Bormann. Do you think that that is true? And that the man that is Juan Keller was in fact the fugitive from World War II? - He left and three months later, she started getting journalists trying to talk to her. - Why do you think your father left? - So we have a man who speaks German at home, is very, very wealthy, who suddenly runs when Eichmann is taken... is it Martin Bormann? - Does this look like your father? - We're finding out new things every day here in Chile. There has to be far more to discover, far more that's been hidden about exactly what happened. Because if Bormann's here, Hitler's not very far away. - After your father left, did anyone ever come looking for him? - So one day, four men came to her house and they said they came from Colonia Dignidad and they wanted to know if she was the daughter of Martin Bormann. - Colonia Dignidad. - As a journalist, I remember some of this story about a place called Colonia Dignidad here in Chile. A large German community. There were rumors they were involved in murders and disappearances. So why is this a link to Martin Bormann? - What do you think the men were there for? - She thinks they were the same kind of people. - We have to dig into Colonia Dignidad. - Yeah. Definitely, definitely. Is there some sort of connection between Nazis and Colonia Dignidad? What I do know is it's got a deep and dark history and needs a visit. - So we've got a team in Paraguay and we've got in team in Chile. So what's happening in Chile? Bob and John focus on the Chilean leg of their investigation where they have interviewed Eliana Keller, the woman who claims she was adopted by Martin Bormann in 1955 in Osorno, Chile. - Eliana Keller looks at a photograph of Martin Bormann and says, "Yes, this is my dad." He fled Osorno when she was 13 years old, trying to escape from war crimes investigators. And then people from a community called Colonia Dignidad came looking for him. And Eliana describes these people as... like him, Germans. - Clearly, uh, this is a serious lead. Something's going on here in Colonia Dignidad. What do we know about this place? - It is, uh, a secretive place in the middle of nowhere in Chile. It started with this guy right here: Paul Schafer. Paul Schafer was a Nazi corporal during World War II. In 1959, he fled Germany after being accused of sexual abuse. And in 1961, he surfaced in Chile, along with 300 German followers, where they formed a secretive community in the Andes mountains, know as Colonia Dignidad. The colony's true intentions are still debated to this day. - There were rumors of torture and homicide and sexual abuse. All sorts of egregious, horrendous crimes. This is a place that conjures up images of sheer fear in the faces of Chileans to this day. At its height, the community had 53 square miles of essentially sovereign territory. Nobody from the outside was coming in, that's to be sure. - You have a remote part of Chile, a German community, run by a Nazi corporal. And the fact they were in connection with Bormann, this is huge. So what do the files have on this? - Colonia Dignidad. Here we go. It's a CIA document. "Colonia Dignidad is a private encampment, "reportedly run in the fashion of a religious cult. "Colonia Dignidad has also been accused of other nefarious activities." And it goes on to say: "Elements persist in Chile that would willingly provide succor to a fleeing Nazi war criminal." - You basically have a community where Germans can go and, within those walls of that community, remain very secretive. Where is this place? - All right, Chile is a long country going all the way up from Peru down to basically Antarctica. And here we have Argentina. Cross over the Andes Mountains, where Colonia Dignidad once stood. They've changed their name to the Villa Baviera, "the Bavarian village." - Bavaria village? Inside these cults, the first rule is, don't talk to outsiders. It'd be a great place to hide. But they're not gonna want to talk about their Nazi past or the cult past, or any part of it. Let's get Tim and Mike in there, find out what's, you know, what it is. - I can't think of two better people based upon their backgrounds in special forces. It's not going to be easy, but they can do it and minimize the attention that's drawn upon them. - Let's get into Colonia Dignidad. - Look at this. You're isolated. You control the area. In the remote foothills of the Chilean Andes, Tim Kennedy and Mike Simpson join forces, along with their translator, America, in hopes of gaining entry into Colonia Dignidad, now known as Villa Baviera. - Mile marker-wise, we should be getting close. - This is in the middle of nowhere. - Yeah. - Colonia Dignidad was put here for a reason. They wanted to be isolated. Tactically, if you're hiding a high value target, Colonia Dignidad is flawlessly selected. It's mile after mile after mile of nothing. - Should be coming up on our turn. - Villa Baviera. This is the name of it right? - Yeah, pull over right here. I didn't expect a sign. "Complejo turistico." Tourist complex. - Colonia Dignidad? Where's that at? - No reference to it, just Villa Baviera, that's it. - I mean, I realize that they changed their name, I just didn't realize that they had changed everything. - Look at this. Restaurant, hotel, events. People get married out there? This is disturbing, Tim. We're going into something that, to me, looks like a deception. - If they get wind of what we're here for? It's dangerous. - That makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. - So how do we want to play this? - I think if we go in firing off questions, using the word Nazi, I don't think that's gonna go well for us. I don't think this can be field interrogation style, I think this need to be passive collection style. They have an agenda. Let's let them think that we're buying the story and that we're on board with the agenda. - Let's see what they show us. If they're gonna treat this like a tourist attraction, we have to change our strategy. So we're gonna go in and we're gonna approach this like a soft sell interrogation. This is us letting them say whatever they want to say. - Whoa, whoa, whoa! Look at this. - Look at the fence change. - We're seeing this cheap, four strand barbed wire the whole way, and then all of a sudden that. Look! See the rock? - Yeah. - What's it say on it? - Villa Baviera. - This is their fence. This high-grade fence is theirs. - You know, last time I saw a fence like that, I was on a military base. - Look at this. - Guard tower. - Right away, my spider sense is tingling. I know something was going on here. - Oh, my God. - There's no reason to have that there, except to cover the road. They were setting up physical and technological barriers. - This road's locked down. This is the only way in, the only way out. All right, here... We got a checkpoint. - They were protecting a dark secret. - Do you see the cameras? Look at the left corner of the building, over the top of the lights. So at night, you can't see those cameras. - What was it that was so important that it would be worthy of keeping it a secret? - This is a fully functional checkpoint. Welcome to the utopian German colony, Villa Baviera. Next time on "Hunting Hitler"... - If Adolf Hitler's bodyguard was in Colonia Dignidad, who was he protecting? - With or without their cooperation, we will get to the truth. - Nothing could go in or out of Colonia Dignidad without somebody seeing it from here. What the? Yeah, they're sound-proofing this room. - They built guns. - There was also chemical weapons, like sarin gas. - Sarin gas? - If you have a system to disperse sarin, you can take out a major American city. This isn't the Fourth Reich in theory, this is the Fourth Reich in act. Subtitles Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 