Hunting Hitler: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hunting Hitler 
 s2e5 - The Factory - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hunting Hitler (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - The Factory - full transcript 
 Holland and Simpson first search for tunnel access to U-boats from a hotel in Cadiz, Spain, and later scour Tangier, Morocco, for a Nazi HQ site. Kennedy and Williams examine an old factory in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Baer and Cencich view evidence of a meeting between Juan Peron and Martin Bormann. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - It's amazing after the hubbub of Barcelona. Suddenly you're so kind of remote, aren't you? - Wow. - There literally could not be a better spot to hide. - For Hitler to escape, he needs to get out of Spain and go to South America. - You find me a U-boat base out of Cadiz, I'll be very happy. - What was it specifically that your mother was doing for Nazi Germany? - It's still there? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - We have to investigate this. HUNTING HITLER - SEASON 2 EP - 5 - The Factory - We're looking for an exfiltration route in the Cádiz area that you could rely on. CIA veteran Bob Baer and war crimes investigator Dr. John Cencich discuss their investigation in Southern Spain where they are in search of a U-boat loading dock that Hitler could have used to make his way to South America. They are following a declassified Argentinian document that claims Nazi U-boats were secretly moving from Cádiz, Spain to Argentina. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - We have intel telling us that there were U-boats leaving in this particular area. We have a photograph with a U-boat there in the Gulf of Cádiz, and we have an eyewitness corroborating this. - On top of it, we've got this lady who pulls out clear evidence of Nazi espionage in the Cádiz area, and she's telling us the Nazis are using this Reina Cristina Hotel as a meeting place. - Spies going in. Spies coming out. That's where the U-boats are coming in and coming out. It makes sense. - Question is, what do you get if you go Reina Cristina? - That's what we need to find out. - If this hotel leads to a potential U-boat exfil point, I'll be very happy. This will be exciting. - Well, it'll be interesting to see inside it. - Yeah. In Cádiz, Spain, World War II historian James Holland and U.S. Army recon expert Mike Simpson arrive at the hotel Reina Cristina in search of evidence that this location could have been used to covertly board onto a U-boat. - You can see why you would have so many spies here back in the first part of the 20th century. - You certainly can. - Someone up there, big pair of binos, looking straight out over the water. Oh, yes, you can see a bit from here, can't you? - The beach is right there. - Yes. - So the fact that we have the easy access to the beach, you can almost picture in your mind, you know, a U-boat popping up, up there. - So as long as you could get someone down to the beach, it would be hypothetically possible to get a U-boat in here. - I would still always prefer to do it completely clandestine. Avoiding visual detection is ideal. I'd like to see something that would get me all the way out into that U-boat without ever being detected. - We're looking for signs of infrastructure. What I want to do is look around the hotel and see what can I find out from the people who are there? - Hola. - Hey, como estas? Bien. The team makes contact with Claudio Cosas, a hotel employee. - Okay. Says he knows it well. - He's gonna show us. - Oh, fantastic. - Si, vamos. Claudio leads the team to an entrance below the hotel's pool. - Oh, my goodness. So the question's where does that go? - I need to take a look at that. Really cramped in here, and pretty smelly. I'm gonna follow this around... See where it goes. Really tight. Sounds like water flowing up ahead, and I'm seeing some light. Wow! I was not expecting this at all. So I've got two big wells, big cisterns, about 2 1/2 meters across. It's probably about 30 feet down. The team has discovered a tunnel that runs below the hotel's pool leading to a pair of wells 100 feet from the coast. - There's water down there. I can actually smell the salt, so this is not freshwater coming down. And there's a steel ladder placed in the side. Definitely somebody had an eye on making this easily accessible down to the bottom. I'm wondering, are these wells some type of way to get someone out to link up with that U-boat without any detection whatsoever? We're gonna need some help to answer this question. At first light, Mike and James return to the hotel Reina Cristina. They're joined by a structural engineer and a team of divers. They hope to determine if these wells could have served as a clandestine escape route to the Atlantic. According to the experts, these wells were once part of the hotel's drainage system. During a downpour, rain would funnel into the wells, travel through a tunnel at the base, and drain out into the open ocean. But due to rising sea levels in recent years, salt water has flooded into these now-defunct reservoirs. - Seawater has completely flooded these wells now, which is why I smelled the salt water. But back in 1945, unless there was a rain storm, these would have been wide open. The question now is, is this tunnel at the bottom big enough for a person to fit through? Because if it is, that tells me that they could shuttle people from right inside the compound of the hotel, right out into the ocean into a waiting U-boat. There's our baby. Fortunately, we have the technology at our disposal to find out. Mike and James are armed with a waterproof ROVVER X crawler, which is used to explore underwater caves and dangerous pipelines. It is equipped with front- and rear-facing high-definition cameras on a robotic arm with full articulation and rotation. - James, I'm hooked up to the cable if you want to check it on your end. How's that picture looking on your end? - It's looking incredibly clear, actually. - I'm gonna start lowering it down. I can see the light in the water. - We're underwater now, Mike. So far that water is pretty clear. I'm looking at something. Okay, Mike. You got a tunnel. - A tunnel. Roger that, James. I'm looking down at the light. The light is heading in exactly the direction of the beach. How big around does the tunnel look? - I can't tell from looking at the screen how big the cavity is. - Control the ROVVER in the water. You can drive it. - Let me give it a go. It's not going, is it? I don't know what's going on here, Mike. It's not moving along the sediment. I don't know quite what to suggest. - So rocking the wheels forward and back, you're not getting any traction at all? - No, it just can't move. That robot was going absolutely nowhere. There's so much silt, the wheels just can't grip. The silt is too deep. So at this point, there's only one solution, and that's to get eyes down there and see how big this tunnel is. The divers descend into the well in hopes of determining the dimensions at the base of the tunnel. - He's in the water. He's gonna try to free dive it a little bit. - The divers going down there... That's quite brave of them, to be perfectly honest, because they are literally diving down into the unknown. It goes to the ocean for 30 meters? All right, James. He swam it. It goes for 30 meters towards the ocean. How wide is it? - So 90, 90 centimeters? - Okay, so 120 centimeters by 90 centimeters, so pretty sizable. - That's not just a drainage pipe. You can walk in that. - The intelligence that we have has led us here to the southwestern corner of all of Europe. Today we were able to prove we have a definitive link from the hotel to the open ocean, directly toward Hitler's ultimate destination, South America. - I'm convinced now. Someone could have come to this hotel, gone out the tunnel, got on a U-boat, out of sight, no witnesses. You know, next stop is Argentina. Bob and John review the findings from the hotel Reina Cristina in Cádiz, Spain where they have discovered a clandestine tunnel leading to the Atlantic Ocean. - You've got a exfiltration route here by U-boat, but we have no idea who got on that U-boat. Do we have any evidence that either Hitler or Bormann were on a U-boat leaving Cádiz? - No, we don't. I think we need to see if there are any other intel reports in the database, and let's see if either one, or both, show up in this particular radius. Hitler. Bormann. What I'm going to do is put in 100 miles of Cádiz. - This is a MI6 report. August 10, 1949. Bormann's headquarters: Tangier, Morocco. "A former Luftwaffe pilot asked whether Bormann "really had the organization "of which he had been told, "and received the reply that "'we National-Socialists' "were working for their whole lives "to prepare a comeback "for National-Socialism in Germany and in the whole world." It's a huge statement that Bormann goes to Tangier to set up the Fourth Reich? - And that's not speculation. Earlier in the investigation, we uncovered Hitler had plans for the continuation of his empire well beyond the Second World War. Hitler carried with him secret plans for the V-3 Sky Rocket bomb. - A V-3 could hit the United States. Hitler didn't think history was over for him. He came here to plan something. If Hitler was still alive, he wasn't gonna disappear to Argentina, move up in the mountains, and write poetry. We're talking about somebody who had great pretentions of power, but he's got to have a network that he trusts, and Bormann is the guy that Hitler trusted. - What's really interesting here is the proximity. Tangier is only nine miles from the hotel. - And remember that Tangier was a lot like Spain. It was never fully under Allied control. It's always been a point of smuggling into Europe. Tangier's a good place to hide. - If Hitler and Bormann were in Spain, there's every reason to infer from this that Hitler got on the U-boat from Spain to South America, and Bormann goes to Tangier and sets up his headquarters there in view of their overall ambition for a Fourth Reich. - Yeah, I totally agree. What we got to do is get the team there, and all I care about is some evidence that Bormann went there. Headquarters can mean all sorts of things. - Tangier's a big city, but we have to start somewhere. - Yep. Let's go. - What do you think we need to be looking for if there is such a headquarters? - Communications and security, first and foremost. U.S. Army recon expert Mike Simpson and World War II historian James Holland are in the Moroccan city of Tangier. - So this is the original ancient port. They rendezvous with local translator Stefan. - And there's Spain, right there. Just a little jump to Cádiz. - Yeah, just across the sea. - For centuries, Tangier has been known as an international city with strategic importance. It sits right at the mouth of the Mediterranean and the Atlantic. It's in a key position. We need to follow this thread out and see where it leads. - Mike. - How do you do? James. - Rashid. The team makes contact with Professor Rashid Taperssiti, an expert on Moroccan 20th century history. - What was the scene here in the 1940s and 1950s? - Where you've got spies, that means you've got safe houses, knowledge, infrastructure, which post-war, if you're a fleeing Nazi, is all incredibly useful. So I'm thinking, Mike, you know, if I'm a German spy and I'm here, I can't think of a better place to spy than the port. Rashid leads the team to a lookout point to better examine the port, a potential entry and exit location for spies in Tangier. - God, it's amazing. - It is amazing. It's an incredible view from up here. - So this is where espionage begins. But once you've got your information, you're then taking that into the city. - During the 1940s, was there any location where German military officials were seen moving in and out? - In the Marshan neighborhood specifically? - We started with a really broad location, the city of Tangier. Now we've narrowed that down to a specific neighborhood, Marshan. This is a known location where these Nazis were interacting during the time period that we're interested in. Now, we just need to find the brain... The headquarters, the nerve center. - Exactly. That's where the trail leads us. - We've gone from the entire city of Tangier to one neighborhood, Marshan. - Yeah, let's... We have to dig into this and see what we can find. - When we look at the evidence, it's clear that a Fourth Reich was planned. Bob and John discuss their investigation in Tangier, Morocco, where an MI6 file reports Martin Bormann was setting up a headquarters for Hitler to reenter the world stage after World War II. - We're talking about the Fourth Reich. It reminds me of another one of the documents that we had earlier in the investigation. Here we have a U.S. military intelligence document dated 7th of November, 1944, where a French intelligence officer infiltrated a Nazi meeting. These are the things that he was able to discern. "Existing financial reserves in foreign countries "must be placed at the disposal of the party "so that a strong German Empire "can be created after the defeat. "These bureaus will receive plans and drawings of new weapons." - The Fourth Reich depended on armed force. If Hitler is gonna come back, weapons are absolutely crucial. - If you're really going to become involved with the manufacture or distribution of arms, what do you need? You need a munitions expert. You know who comes to mind? None other than Fritz Mandl. - What can Francisco tell us about how Mandl made his money while he was in Argentina? - He used to own an ammunition factory. - So he was making arms while he was here? - Yes. - And here we have Hitler meeting with him after World War II. This paints a picture of a man who's trying to set up an army in Argentina... A Nazi army. Austrian. Munitions maker. Big time money. - And he's in Argentina. - What's important here is that Mandl was a trusted member of Hitler's inner circle. He's a dyed-in-the-wool Nazi, and he's somebody that Hitler could trust. - I think we need to look a little bit closer at Fritz Mandl. Okay, we got a hit. U.S. War Department report in 1943: "Mandl's bicycle and plastic plants began "to produce machine guns, airplanes, bullets, and bombs." This is the perfect cover. - Yeah. - The raw materials, the machinery that's needed to produce bicycles, is the same as what's needed for machine guns, bullets, and bombs. He owned a number of companies in Argentina. One of particular note is a bicycle factory in Buenos Aires. If we could go to this so-called bicycle factory in Buenos Aires, and if I could get some forensic evidence to munitions... Weapons, explosives... Circumstantially, a conspiracy has been proved. - We are doing the investigation that should have been done 70 years ago. - Kind of a weird location for him to have a factory, downtown Buenos Aires. Investigative journalist Gerrard Williams and U.S. Army Special Forces' Tim Kennedy along with local translator Nicole arrive at the location that was once Fritz Mandl's bicycle factory. - You ready? We're coming to the Mandl factory to see if they were making munitions. Munitions can be so many things. They could be grenades. It could be ammunition. It could be explosives. Bombs. Artillery. The spectrum of what a munition can be is diverse. It just has to do one thing, hurt people. The team meets with Margarita, a long-time employee of the factory. - The era that we're the most interested in is when Mandl was working at this factory. - Somewhere around '43, he started appearing in the books as vice president, but it's still a mystery exactly how long he was here for. - What were they able to make with the machines that they were using? - They could make from really, really thin aluminum items and really thick aluminum objects. - Yeah. - The versatility of those machines, if you have the right engineer... You can make almost anything metal right here in this factory. They have the equipment to be able to execute from start to finish, not only a gun, but also the ammunition. - Tim? - A German machine imported here? - Yeah, it has to be. And the size of this stuff... The size that reminds me of nothing more than artillery shells. Or mortar rounds. - This is all 1940s. German design. German manufactured. Just in downtown Buenos Aires, Argentina. - This place is filthy. Tim Kennedy and Gerrard Williams have gained access to a factory once owned by Nazi sympathizer Fritz Mandl that, according to a declassified U.S. War Department file, was secretly manufacturing munitions. - One thing's for sure, it hasn't had a deep clean in the last 75 years. They're investigating a now-defunct section of the factory that was in use during the 1940s. - There's inches of dirt in the corners, on the floor, in the center where we walk. It could be a blessing in disguise because if they were making bullets here, if they were making explosives here, whenever they stopped, it doesn't look like they started cleaning up. - No. - So this could be the environment that could protect those residues. - Residues, yeah. It's not going to have decayed over 70 years. - No. We're looking for trace elements of the things that they used in explosives and ammunitions back during World War II. This factory's dirty, but dirt actually would have protected those traces that we're looking for over the course of time. And the technology that we have could still be able to identify them. These are explosive test cards. - Okay. - So I go. I find a sample. I get a little bit of residue. Put it on the card. Take the card. Put it into the SEEKERe. If there's explosive residues on the card, the SEEKERe will tell me that this is what you found, and this is the material that's being used here. The team is armed with a SEEKERe, a state-of-the-art munitions detection device used by military forces around the world. To minimize false positives, a test card is inserted into the SEEKERe, which releases a chemical solution that causes explosive material to change color when detected. - I got to go get some samples. Those things are sketchy. I want to test those. A bunch of black residue at the bottom of this still. 3, 2, 1... done. Finalizing test results. No explosives detected. - Okay, clean. - All right, let's keep looking. See anything that's test-worthy? - There's not a lot up here, Tim. - Hey, Gerrard! - Yes? - Oh, there's definitely stuff in here, Gerrard. So we have multiple bits of equipment here for measuring chemicals, I mean, down to the gram. This is what I'm testing right now. You can still see residue in the bottom. - Mm-hmm. - Analyzing explosive test card. Ten seconds. I have a positive hit. I have explosive detected. Group one TNT, TNB. - It's detected TNT, Tim, up here? - Yeah. The stuff that was used after World War I, during World War II, to build ammunition, to build explosives? - Mm-hmm. - We have two of the ingredients they used then right here. If we found other stuff, it would indicate a different era of manufacturing, but the sample in here is materials that they used back then. We came here for evidence. It looks like we found it. If Hitler and Bormann were planning a Fourth Reich, they're gonna have munition factories just like this. They're gonna have partners like Mandl. I think that this factory, what they're making here, could have been part of the Fourth Reich. - If I were a spy operating in this area, these are exactly the types of streets that I would want if I had to move from point A to point B. Lots of places to duck off. In Tangier, Morocco, Mike and James investigate the Marshan neighborhood, a reported hotbed of Nazi activity in the area. They are in search of a location that could have been used as Martin Bormann's headquarters for the planning of the Fourth Reich as reported by a declassified MI6 file. - There would have been expats from all these European countries here from the early days of the war, maybe fleeing, on through the war and post-war. - This really is a kind of a confluence of all sorts of different people, isn't it? - We started with a really broad location, the city of Tangier. We've narrowed that down to a neighborhood, Marshan. Now what we're looking for is a headquarters building that is supposed to have existed 70 years ago. It might not even be standing today. So we need to look around a little bit, start to elicit human intelligence, and try to locate it on the ground. - Is there a house or a business where Germans would be located? - Yeah, okay. - It's very easy to lose your bearings. - Yeah. - If you're off looking for headquarters, this is your area, because you want somewhere discreet, out of the way, that people aren't going to notice. Look at that. I want to see what that's got to offer. Mike and James discover an abandoned building on the outskirts of the Marshan neighborhood. What is this place? - The first thing I think of is, like, a fortress. I mean, these walls are so thick. They don't build them like this anymore. - This feels like a hideout, doesn't it? - There's things I like about this place for, like, a meeting place? - Right. - Not necessarily as a hiding place. - Right. - Unlike a lot of the streets that we've been on it's, like, a triple-wide street, so that's a lot of prying eyes. I don't like the front entrance at all. It's basically in a large plaza. That tells me that there's a lot of eyes that can watch this. In hopes of zeroing in on a location that could have been used as a Nazi headquarters in the Marshan neighborhood, their local contact has convinced Shamzi Mohammed, a lifetime resident of the area, to speak with them. - So with the known presence of all the spies here in Tangier, does he know if this building had any connection to that in any way, specifically the Nazi spies? - The period we are particularly interested in is 1945, 'cause we're looking to find any signs of Germans, Nazis, escaping Europe, fleeing to Tangier. - Is there any specific location that he knows for sure or that was rumored to be a location that the German spies would particularly use or operate out of in the area? - Where is this? - We need to check that out. This is a very positive development in the investigation. Through our intelligence sources, we've been able to narrow this down from the entire city of Tangier, to a neighborhood, to a single street, Calle Imam Mouslim. If Martin Bormann's headquarters can be found somewhere in the city, thankfully our search grid has been significantly narrowed. - Look, we have the team in Tangier. I think we should really run down the team in Argentina. With the investigation moving forward in Tangier, Bob and John review the team's findings in Buenos Aires, where a bicycle factory once owned by Fritz Mandl, a suspected Nazi munitions dealer, returned positive results for explosive materials. - The forensic test produced results showing numerous ingredients of various types of explosives, including TNT. That's a heavy discovery, because those ingredients aren't necessarily the type that are being used now, but they were during the Second World War. - There's only one way that Mandl could set up a munitions factory in Buenos Aires, and that's with the support of the government. You simply can't do it on your own. - It's interesting that you say that. Something that is quite interesting is this man right here by the name of Jorge Silvio Colotto. Colotto was Juan Perón's aide de camp, his right hand man, the same way Bormann was to Adolf Hitler. What we've uncovered is the last known videotaped interview of Colotto. Colotto also puts the caveat in here that he doesn't want this interview to be disclosed to the public or to anybody else until after he dies. We are the first to delve into this tape. He says that in 1945, after the end of the Second World War, there was a meeting between Juan Perón, the president of Argentina, and Martin Bormann in Buenos Aires. - And this guy isn't just anybody. I mean, he is in Perón's office, a trusted aide. Jorge Colotto is important because all along we have been looking for witnesses. This guy was there, saw the way stuff went down, and this is the closest you're gonna get to a human source describing this relationship between Perón and the Nazis. - So let's look at the interview. Let's subject it to some forensic analysis. Let's see if he's telling the truth. Bob and John are joined by Al Brooks. His state-of-the-art CVSA technology measures minute changes in a person's vocal chords to uncover if they're telling the truth. - Traditionally speaking, an individual that might be lying is under stress. The Computer Voice Stress Analyzer technology will identify that via the microtremors in the voice. The more stress, the more the microtremors are tight, and they're depicted on the screen as a deceptive pattern. - The polygraph... I've seen people beat it over and over again. Voice stress analysis, not so much. - Let's look at the video. - What we'll do now is grab the audio off of the bottom, and using the software, capture those voice patterns and put them on the screen. The relevant question was... Did Perón actually have a meeting with the Nazi, Martin Bormann? So based on these patterns, the results of the audio are truthful. - You'd take this to the bank? - The results are the results. - This is huge. We've got munitions. We've got thousands and thousands of Nazi war criminals living in Argentina, and now we've got government support. We have Bormann meeting with the president of Argentina, and you have this talk of a Fourth Reich. All of the evidence is pointing to that there was a plan afoot to establish the Fourth Reich and base it in Argentina. - The evidence is getting stronger and stronger. - The deeper we get into a Fourth Reich in Argentina, the more I'm convinced. So we narrowed it down to here. In Tangier, Morocco, James Holland and Mike Simpson head for the street known as Calle Imam Mouslim, which could be the location of Martin Bormann's headquarters to plan a Nazi Fourth Reich, as reported by a declassified MI6 file. - If Bormann's gonna set up a headquarters, he wants security and communications. You want to keep those leaders safe. Through our intelligence sources, we've been able to narrow the location of Martin Bormann's potential headquarters down from the entire city of Tangier, to a neighborhood, and finally to a street. The next step is for me to get up on the high ground, and I want to see what I can see in the neighborhood. Hello. See this white structure right there? Just to the right of it, does that look like an antenna to you? - And an old one at that. - That's not a TV antenna. That's not a hobby radio operator antenna. That looks military grade. - Do you think that's it? - It's definitely number one on our priority list right now to check out. Going into this street to actually conduct a ground reconnaissance, something that's just a little bit out of place, anything that's just a little bit different... All these little clues are what I have been trained to look for. Oh, look at this. - Yeah. - It connects right to the house. Look how thick that concrete is! - Yeah. - That's ridiculously thick. That's like a defensive position; it really is. Two things that Bormann would have to have for a headquarters: security and communications. Both of them are right there. It's literally like he built it to withstand an attack. - You know, this place has got a tower, and it's just such an oddity. It looks so incongruous compared to all the other buildings on that street. All the kind of construct, the way it was put together, absolutely reminded me of a German bunker. They approach the front gate, hoping to gain entry into the home. - Hola. - Hola. - No. - She's saying no. - We're really sorry, but just for a minute? - Yeah. - What year did you move in here? - You don't have any idea who the original owner was? - The German built the tower? - This German not only built the tower, but also in the bathroom, in the basement... Like, exits a ways. - A ways, a ways to exit. - Passages, yeah. - Oh, my goodness. - The original owner, he left very quick and very fast, so he sell it to someone else. - Is there any chance we could have a look in the house as well? - Well, that you are here... - So there's a small compartment connect to all the house. Through this tunnel, you can go to every room in this house. - Well, I'd love to see where it comes out. - Oh, my goodness me. So much space up here. You could definitely hide up here. You get up into the loft, and then you can go out a different route. It's got a number of little ways in and out. Feels like a house with secrets, I have to say. - Oh, and it gets even better. I mean, this is like a fortification here, what I'm looking at. Somebody put a lot of thought into this. This is really impressive. So the ocean's right that way. All this is new. None of these houses were here. None of these buildings were here. So these were just two mountainsides, and you could see right between the two of them into the open ocean right there. A U-boat could surface right out there just off the coast. And I put this antenna up high enough, I can go all the way out to where they are. This has all the markings of a military command center. Martin Bormann can control his finances. He can control personnel, arms, ammunition, supply lines... All from right here. If the Nazis had a headquarters for the Fourth Reich, it's here. - This map depicts a plan to bomb the United States, and more specifically, Manhattan Island. - This is chilling. There's no reason to believe the Nazis would not entertain a weapon of mass destruction. - We need to know everything about a Nazi scientist called Dr. Richter. - He got himself an island? - It's this way. Come. - Oh, my God. - This is to prevent radiation from escaping. That's how close they were. - Hitler would dream of New York in flames, and a new Fourth Reich. And it seems to be coming together, here, in Bariloche. Subtitles Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 