Gun: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gun 
 s1e5 - The Hole - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gun (1997): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Hole - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 * (mysterious music) (chimes) Tad Hagan: Ah, you're never going to get the treasure. The water's too deep. Sondra Hagan: Yes, I am. You just have to keep at it. You have to build up your lungs. Brendan: What are you going to do when you get it, Sondra? Sondra: I'm going to be free; free of Merle, free of this town, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 free to get my own car, and drive right the heck out of here all the way down to Florida where you can pick up oranges at the side of the road, and live by the beach even in the winter. * (mysterious music) * (U2 singing The Beatles' "Happiness Is a Warm Gun") * * She's not a girl who misses much * * Do do do do do do, oh yeah * Happiness is a warm gun * Happiness is a warm gun. Harold Munday: So, what do you think? You like? Sure beats the house at Madison, huh? What do you think? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 James Munday: Yeah. Harold: Wait til your mom sees you. She's been so, uh, so excited. You have no idea. Have you grown? I didn't think a person could still grow after they turned 18, but, boy, you seem taller. James: Maybe if you'd come to visit. Harold: Clara. Clara Munday: Oh, look at you. Oh, it's so good to have you home. Just look at you. You've lost weight. Harold: I think he's grown. I was just saying that. What do you think? Can a person grow after they've reached 18? He's 25 for God sakes. Clara: Oh, I think he just got thinner. We're going to put some meat on those bones. You know, come on. I fixed your favorite dinner, spaghetti and meat sauce. Harold: Spaghetti and meat sauce? Couldn't you make a steak? A roast beef? I mean he probably had spaghetti and meat sauce every week for God sakes. Clara: Yeah, out of a can. Do you think they slave over a stove all day fixing good meat sauce? (whisper) Harold: Well. Clara: Give me a break, Harold. Next time, you fix dinner. Harold: Clara, I didn't mean anything. I just... (door closes) Harold: So I've arranged a job for you in shipping and receiving. Clara: Uh huh. (affirmative) Harold: The salary there is, oh, pretty good, Clara: Uh huh. (affirmative) Harold: And the benefits are excellent. Clara: Yes. James: I think I'll just look around for a while, okay? Clara: And you'd be working with the Titler boy. Harold: Uh huh. (affirmative) Harold: Bob. James: I think I'm just going to look around for a while. Harold: Well, son, you see there aren't that many jobs available. James: I said I think I'm just going to look around for a while. Clara: Uh, James, I think your father is concerned that you get busy. That's all. That you not dwell on things. James: You're afraid I might dwell on things. Clara: Well, (laughs) an idle mind and all that. James: What do you think I've been doing for the last eight years? Harold: Well, son, all we're saying, is that life continues. James: No! You know? Aaah! - (door slams) - (Clara sighs) Harold: Well, what are you going to do for God sakes? Just keep him locked up all day? Clara: I wish we could. * (mysterious music) (birds chirping) (chimes) (chimes) Brendan: You're dreaming. It's a can. Tad: It's treasure, Brendan. Brendan: It's so stupid. Who would throw treasure into a swimming hole? Swimming hole pirates? Tad: Butthead. (laughter) (chimes) Tad: Last one there is a rotten egg. Brendan: I'm not racing you guys. Sondra: Shut up, you guys. Brendan: Hi, dad. Merle Hagan: Hey, Squirt. How you doing, buddy? Sondra: Hey. Nancy Hagan: Hey, kids. You put those dirty clothes by the washer. Tad: Okay. * (rock music plays) Nancy: Tad? Tad: What? Nancy: Your other shoe better be in there. * (rock music continues) Tad: Must be somewhere in here, mom. I fold everything up in my towel. Nancy: Then show me and show me quick. Tad: I must have left it down by the hole. Merle: Did I hear you say you lost a shoe? Tad: It's not lost. It's still probably down by the hole. Merle: Probably? Tad: I'm sorry, Merle. Merle: I'm sorry, Merle. Don't you sass me. Did I pay for those shoes? (loud voice) Did I? Oh, here we go again. * (Merle sings a taunt) * Well it's crying time again. Nancy: Merle, he's only nine years old. Tad: I'm not crying. Merle: Don't you talk back to me. Sondra: Stop it, Merle, just stop it. I'll go get the stupid shoe. Tad: I don't care about your shoe. Merle: What? Sondra: Just leave him alone. (smack) Merle: And what exactly should I do to you, huh? Sondra: Just stay away. (heavy breathing) (slurp) - (door opens and shuts) - (sighs) (footsteps) * (mysterious music) * (haunting music plays) Sondra: (yelling) Hey, what do you think you're doing? I asked you what you were doing? James: I'm sitting. Sondra: You watching me? James: Yeah. Sondra: Can you leave please? James: Why? Sondra: Because you're making me uncomfortable. James: I was here first. Sondra: Can you turn around while I put on my clothes? James: I saw you take them off. What's the difference you putting them back on? Sondra: Screw it. James: (chuckles) (splash) Sondra: Uh, happy? James: What's your problem, kid? Sondra: I had no problem until you showed up. Merle: I swear I don't know what the hell that girl's thinking swimming in nothing but a t-shirt. Nancy: Get off it! Merle: Who knows who's out there? Nancy: Stop it! Merle: Don't you talk to me like that. James: What's your problem, kid? Sondra: (sighs) * (melancholy music) Female: (television) I've waited six years for you to walk back into my life, Derek. I don't know that we've captured the love that I had for you back then. Male: (television) Seeing you now has broken the still image I've carried in my heart for so long. Sondra: Can't believe it's so hot. Nancy: Why? You slept until 12 o'clock. The boys are down at the hole already. Sondra: Mom? Nancy: Hmm? Sondra: How did you meet dad? Nancy: Merle? Sondra: No, my real dad. Nancy: Sondra, can't you see I'm trying to do something here? Sondra: I'm going to go get changed to go down to the hole. Nancy: Oh, uh, could you go to the market, and get some milk? We're out. Sondra: Okay. Merle: Yeah. All right. I can probably get it for you next week that's about the earliest I can get it. (ding) I tell you if you need it right away there's a, I've got another line I can sell you right now. You going to be in thee neighborhood the next day or so? Come on in. I'll show it to you. I know. You want what you got all these years, right? Yeah, I know. All right. I tell you what. Let me put one aside for you. I'll put your name on it. I'll put it behind the counter. If you're going to be around, you just stop in and ask for it if I'm not here, and you can look at it. But if you know what you want, I'll just order another one for you. No problem. Just let me call you back, all right? (ding) (door opens) Sondra: Thanks, Don. (engine revving) Merle: Come here. Get back here. James: Don't touch me. Merle: I need to talk to you a minute. (scuffle) Merle: All right, boy. Settle down. Settle down. All right. Look. Just hand it over. I saw you take it. I'm not blind man. I saw you take it. I saw you put it down the front of your pants. Luke: Hey, what's going on? Merle: He's got something that doesn't belong to him, Luke. Luke: Oh, does he? Give me the bat, son. Come on. What you going to do? Come on. Give me the bat. What have you got? You going to show me? James: And if I don't? Luke: Well, I'll go in call the police. They can come down. We can all take a look. Want to do that? James: I got money. I'll pay for them. Merle: Now you should have thought about that a little bit sooner, Einstein. Luke: What's your name? Merle: He said, "What's your name?" James: James. Luke: James what? James: Munday. Merle: Munday. What the hell kind of name is that? Luke: Jimmy Munday? Give it up. Come on. Give it. (unzipping) Luke: Bullets. Get. (footsteps) Merle: Are you crazy? Luke: No, he is. He killed Joanna Sproule, Dick's daughter. Shot her in the head. You hold this. You mind the store. I'll be back. Merle: Yeah. Yeah, sure. * (dramatic music) * (mysterious music) Dick: You're sure it was him? Luke: Oh, yeah and when he said his name it all, it all came back. Luke: (breathing heavy) You want me to call a meeting? Dick: Yeah, call a meeting. Sondra: Hey. Hey, wait up. Remember me? Last night at the hole? I was on the dock. I wanted to swim and you were watching? James: Yeah. Sondra: (sighs) So how come he let you go? James: Who? Sondra: My step-dad. The one with the bat. You really scared him. I haven't seen anyone do that to him before. It was nice for a change. You a klepto? James: What? Sondra: Do you steal a lot? James: No. Sondra: So how come you stole just now? James: I don't know. Sondra: I read once that shoplifting can be a cry for help. People want to get caught. James: Really? You're a smart one. Sondra: (deep heavy sigh) Sondra: You ever speak in complete sentences? James: Nope. Sondra: You ever use a word with more than two syllables? James: Probably. Brendan: The treasure is so deep we're going to need like scuba tanks or that submarine on Discovery. Tad: I thought you didn't care. Brendan: Well, if I thought it was valuable, and Sondra's going to Florida maybe she could take me or something. Tad: She's not going to take you. Brendan: Yeah, right. You know she is. Tad: No she won't. Brendan: You're just jealous. Tad: Oh, please. Sondra: This is my favorite place in the entire world. The only place I can get some privacy around here. Brendan: Hey, who's that with Sondra? James: It doesn't look so private. Sondra: That's my brother, Tad. What a pain. The freckle-faced one is Brendan. He's a sweetheart. Do you have any brothers or sisters? Sondra: (sighs) I can't imagine being an only child with my parents. My step-father really. You ever want to kill someone? Sometimes I imagine they take him away for a crime he'd done in another state. * (mysterious music) Except my mom would be sad. She's weird. She's weird. * (mysterious music continues) She pretends we're the Brady Bunch when we're really (unintelligible). Joanna: James. James. Sondra: My mom says I have an overactive imagination. Joanna: James? Sondra: Do you ever read? James? James? James: You mean like books and stuff? Sondra: Yeah. James: No, not really. Sondra: Oh, come on. There must have been one book you read you really liked. James: Yeah, there was this one book by Steinbeck I like. It was about The Depression. Sondra: Yeah. James: It's pretty graphic. Sondra: You mean violent? James: No, it's about people starving. There's this girl in it. Her baby died. She met this old bum and he was about to die, you know, of starvation, and she took him behind this barn, and she fed him from her breast. Sondra: Gross. James: Yeah, but it's not really. Even though she was repulsed by him, she gave herself to him to save his life. Sondra: Well, when you put it that way, it could sound pretty romantic. (water swooshing) James: Well, you can make anything sound romantic if you put it the right way. Sondra: Yeah. Tad: Hey, who are you? Brendan: Yeah. Sondra: This is James, my friend. This is Beavis and Butthead. Brendan: Oh, she's so funny. Tad: Oh, hardy, har, har. Hector Sproule/Scooter: Why the hell did you let him go? I mean shoplifting ammunition. We're talking about the same caliber here. Luke: Now, Scooter, I got a little girl at home too, okay. So that's why we called everybody here so that we can figure out a way to deal with this guy so that repercussions wouldn't come down on any one of us individually. Male: That's right. John: I say we just grab this guy and nail him. He won't be missed. Male: Now wait a second. I mean we're not talking about anything illegal here are we? John: Maybe. Male: Now why don't you talk to Dick about illegal? The fact that damn boy is running around back in this town ought to be illegal. Male: I was thinking we'd just scare him. That's all. Scooter: Scare him to death is more like it. Luke: Huh. You know what I don't get? Is that what the hell he's doing back here. I thought the Munday's moved out of town. Male: Maybe he's covering his tracks. John: His tracks? What tracks? He was found guilty and punished. You can't be punished for the same crime twice. Male: You call that punishment? I call it a slap on the wrist and I bet Dick here would agree with me. Ain't that right, Dick? Dick Sproule: Yeah. Male: All right, Scooter, anybody else down at the station know that boy's back in town? Scooter: Nobody's said anything. Male: Well, good, y'all Let's keep it that way because if the sheriff finds out about this, he's just going to want to try to protect that little creep. John: He's right. We got to grab him first before anyone else finds out. Luke: You know what we got to do? We got to go on the lookout, and I say that we put someone on this store first. Scooter: I'll do that, brother boy. Male: Someone ought to check the hole on a regular basis. John: Good point. Alan should go down there. Male: Yeah. Dick: No, I will. Scooter: You be okay with that, brother? Dick: I'll be fine. Scooter: Okay. Next time we spot him, we don't let him out of our sight until he's out of our lives. * (dramatic music) James: (bloop, bloop, bloop) Brendan: You think it's treasure? James: I doubt it. Tad: That's what I said. Brendan: It could be a robbers. Sondra says its diamonds. Sondra: Well, whatever it is we share it. You promise? James: Sure. Tad: Come on, Sondra. Come on, Brendan. Brendan: Yeah, come on, Sondra. We'll be late for dinner. (footsteps) James: All right, Sondra, your thing. Sondra: Thanks. Meet me here after dinner? James: Okay. * (dramatic music) Sondra: (humming) Nancy: My, aren't we chipper tonight? Tad: Sondra's got a boyfriend. Sondra: Do not. Tad: Do too. Brendan: Well, you sure like him. (chuckles) Sondra: Brendan. Merle: Oh, she likes him all right. - Sondra: What'd you know? - Nancy: Sondra! Merle: Don't think you're not too old to get a good spanking. Nancy: What's his name, honey? Merle: Daffy Duck. You would have to be Daffy to be attracted to Sondra, huh? (laughs) Nancy: Merle, grow up would you? Brendan: His name is James. - Sondra: Brendan. - Brendan: James Munday. Merle: James Munday? Brendan: Uh huh. (affirmative) Merle: That's the boy we picked up for shoplifting. Nancy: Shoplifting? Merle: Yeah, but to hell with that. He killed some girl. Sondra: (whispers) What? Brendan: James is a murderer? Merle: Cold blooded. Blew her brains out and then went to jail. Nancy: Sondra, you're seeing this person? Sondra: Merle, what are you talking about? Brendan: Maybe he escaped. Merle: I'm talking that he killed a young girl just about your age named Joanna Sproule. He was a juvenile when it happened, which is the lame reason why he's out, and wondering around right now. Sondra: I don't believe you. How come I never heard of it? Merle: Because it happened before we move here Sherlock. Nancy: Well, you kids are not swimming at the swimming hole any more. Nancy: I'm calling the police. Sondra: No! Merle: Sit down. They're not going to do anything. Sondra: Because he didn't do anything. He's sweet and sensitive. Merle: Oh, yeah. he's a freaking puppy dog. Sondra: Drop dead. Merle: So help me, God. I'm going to smack you from here to Michigan. Sondra: Good. Then maybe he'll kill (smack) you. Merle: Sondra! You are not seeing him again. (door slams) (splash) (chimes) * (mysterious music) (splashing) James: (heavy breathing) * (mysterious music) James: (bloop, bloop, bloop) James: Aaaaah! Phew. Nancy: Sondra? Sondra? Merle? She's gone. She went out the window. Merle: Oh, for crying out loud. I'm going to kill that girl. Nancy: She's probably down at the hole. Boys: Can I go? Merle: Hey, everybody, just take a bromo will you? Boys: Oh, man. Brendan: He never lets us go. Tad: I know (door closes) Sondra: James? James? (footsteps) James? (footsteps) James? James? Merle: Time to come home Sondra. Sondra: Leave me alone. Merle: Now come on before you get yourself killed. Sondra: Maybe I want to get killed. Ever think of that? I'd rather be killed than have to spend the rest of my life living around you. Merle: Think you're in love with that little creep? Let me tell you something about guys. They only want one thing from a woman, and they've wanted it ever since Eve went and covered it up with a fig leaf. Sondra: You're disgusting. Merle: Yeah, well it's in the Bible so you know it's true. A guy gets an itching for a girl, and they'll pay for it, fight for it. He'll kill for it. You know you're a very pretty girl, Sondra? Everything that attracted me to your mother you've got in spades. * (dramatic music) I could be very, very good to you. Sondra: Leave me alone. Merle: Hey, get back here right now. Sondra: Leave me alone. Get away from me. Merle: Get back here. Merle: Sondra. Sondra: Help me! Merle: Get up. Get up. Merle: Quit fighting me Sondra. Get up. (thud) Merle: Ow! Sondra: Get out of here. James: Come on. Let's go. Merle: I'll kill you, you little son of a bitch. Huh, oh. Nancy: Merle, what happened? Merle: Nothing. Nancy: Where's Sondra? Merle: She wouldn't come home. Nancy: Oh, my God. Merle: She'll come home tomorrow, when she's cold and tired and hungry. Nancy: I'm going to call the police. Merle: Look would you please just leave them out of this. I'll get her in the morning. Nancy: Where? Where will you get her? Merle: I said I'd get her. (floor creaks) Merle: (heavy breathing) Nancy: But what about that boy? He might be out there with her? Sheriff: Well, we can only bring him in if he screws up again. Nancy: With my daughter? Sheriff: Chances are she'll show up before sun up. Twenty-four hours is the general rule, but like I said if she doesn't, we'll get into it first thing tomorrow morning. (footsteps) * (dramatic music) - Sondra: Where we going? - James: (deep breathing) James? James: What? Sondra: Where we going? James: Somewhere where no one will find us. * (dramatic music continues) You okay? Sondra: Yeah. (match striking) * (mysterious music) Sondra: How do you know no one's going to find us here? James: Because everything's exactly where I left it eight years ago. Sondra: Was this your hideout? James: No, this isn't my hideout. James: (sighs) Sondra: Did you really kill that girl? James: Yeah. James: It was a pact. We were supposed to do it at the same time. Sondra: Why would you want to kill yourselves? James: Boy, you of all people, I think would understand why. Sondra: I don't. Merle makes me want to kill him not myself. I want to be around to get even with him. It makes me want to live. James: What if you never get even with him? What if Merle never dies? Sondra: How could you shoot her? James: I didn't. Sondra: But you said... James: Her gun worked, and mine didn't. * (melancholy music) When I looked down at her, and I saw her face, the only thing I wanted in the world was for her to be alive. I freaked out. I ran. I carried her all the way to the hospital, but I was too late. Sondra: God, James. James: I just want it to be over with. Sondra: Hanging around here where she died is getting it over with? James: Yeah. Did you ever realize how fast your life could change? One minute you're going to school thinking about boys and whatever homework you didn't do, and in a blink your whole life changes forever. A drive-by shooting, you're dead, a hunting accident, you're blind. You fall off a bike and you're nothing but a talking head in a wheelchair for the rest of your life. One Christmas tree fry and a whole family could be taken out. (slap) Bang! It's forever changed. Sondra: That's how it all started. The whole universe they say. Nothing, and then bang! Something. * (melancholy music continues) James: That's exactly my point. James: Eight years I sat in prison. That's all I could think about was death. And bang! I killed her. Sondra: But you didn't. James: Bang! I chickened out. Maybe my gun didn't jam. Maybe I didn't ever pull the trigger. Eight years in there, you know, and you start to wonder maybe I did kill her. Bang! I'm a murderer. Bang! She's dead. Bang! Her whole family's life is ruined. (loud whisper) Bang! I'll never see her again. James: (whispering) Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! James: (sorrowful sigh) How do you get over something like that? Sondra: I don't know. * (mysterious music) James: Maybe you don't. Nancy: It's morning. Are you looking for my daughter yet? Sheriff: Look, Nancy, we're going to do everything we can I promise. Sheriff: I need you to relax though. Nancy: How can I relax? My daughter is missing? Sheriff: Listen, I'm going to send somebody out there right away, Sheriff: and I'll be in touch with you. Nancy: Okay. Sheriff: Bye. Great, just the guy I want to see. Nancy Hagan's been calling here all night. Apparently, her daughter ran away. You remember Jimmy Munday, the guy who killed Dick's girl a couple of years back? Scooter: Uh, yeah. Sheriff: Well, he's been hanging out up at the hole up at the State forest and these two kids have been seen together. So I think you should head out and have a look. The last thing we need is for this guy to kill another teenager. Scooter: I'm on it. (phone ringing) Dick: Hello. Scooter: Munday's down at the hole. I'm headed down there. I'll call the others. Dick: Give me a head start. Scooter: You got it little brother. * (mysterious music) Sondra: (sighs) Sondra: James? * (mysterious music) * (melodic drum music) James: (bloop, bloop, bloop) James: Aah, phew, phew. James: (grunts and heavy breathing) * (mysterious music) * (melodic drum music continues) * James: Aaaaah! (splashing) Sondra: Oh, my God. You got the treasure. (thud) Sondra: That's it? That's what was going to get me away from here? James: It can do that. Remember anything put the right way can sound romantic. Sondra: James, what was it doing down there? James: I threw it there. Sondra: This is the gun that jammed? James: Yup. Right there. Fifteen degrees of separation. (gun cocking) The difference between life and death. Sondra: James, this is the proof you didn't do it. James: I did do it. (thud) James: (deep breath) I loaded it for her. We had a pact, and I walked away. Now I can make it right. Sondra: James, it was eight years ago. James: Now I can finish something I started for once. Sondra: How about finishing your life? All the way through. I mean at 16, I figure what do I got? Another 60 years maybe? I can put up with that no matter how bad. Look, I haven't even lived long enough to make my own decisions yet, drive my own car, have a house, a family. Then I can decide what to do if it's so bad. James, I know Joanna's gone, Sondra: and she must have been wonderful if you loved her so much, but other girls will love you too. Maybe not like her, but they will. I love you. James: Where does it come from, huh? All this hope. Dick: Munday. All right, you just step away, Miss. Sondra: Oh, my god. Dick: No, step away. That man killed my daughter. Sondra: No he didn't do anything. Its right here, the proof. James: No, he's right. Go. Sondra: No, I don't want too. James: Go. Go. Dick: Miss. James: Stand back. Sheriff: Dick Sproule. Dick: Hello, Sheriff. Back off. Sheriff: Put the gun down. Dick: The boy's got to pay. Come one. He's got a gun. He broke his parole. Sheriff: That's for me to worry about. Now both of you put your guns down. Scooter: Sheriff? Sheriff: Scooter, what are you doing? Dick: We figured you be the first to protect him Sheriff. Sheriff: It's my job, Dick. Dick: Your job is to catch the criminals, and put them away. Dick: You seem to have fallen down in that aspect here. Dick: Come on, Miss. Step away. Sheriff: So two or three innocent people are going to get themselves hurt or killed so you guys can play vigilante justice? Dick: Don't lecture me about justice. Sheriff: Now Jimmy, throw down your gun. No one's going to hurt you. Sondra: It's not even loaded, Sheriff. It's jammed from eight years ago just like he said. You can see it, Mr. Sproule. Sheriff: Come on, Jimmy. Throw it down. You step away, Miss. Sondra: Throw them the gun, James. Please throw them the gun. Sondra: (screaming) Noooo! (gunshots) Sheriff: Mother of God. * (Lisbeth Scott "Burn") Male: The Lord is my Shepherd I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. * Somebody told me * That you had burned a million bridges down * * So I came looking for a fire Searching the dark sea * * Carrying my twisted torn-up crown * * With a passion that won't tire * * The way that I see you * It's kind of like the way I see myself * * Oh, yeah maybe we could find it together * * And just one thing and the tides will turn forever * * Oh, hey, yeah, hey, yeah, yeah, yeah * * Hey, yeah, hey yeah, hey yeah, yeah, yeah * * Maybe we could find it together * * And just one thing and the tides will turn forever * * Oh, hey, yeah. * (U2 "Happiness Is A Warm Gun") * * She's not a girl who misses much * * Happiness is a warm gun * Happiness is a warm gun * Yee haw. * Yee haw. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 