Gun: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gun 
 s1e6 - Father John - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gun (1997): Season 1, Episode 6 - Father John - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (rock music) (rock music continues) (rock music continues) John: There's only one thing that could bring me back from Sacramento to LA. I grew up here. Left as soon as I could and never looked back except to visit Uncle John. This would be my last visit. It would leave me to the search of a lifetime and I would end up writing the story of a lifetime. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Father Santos: Hello, John. Father Felix Santos. John: Oh, please to meet you, Father, although under the circumstances, I'd rather we were still strangers. Father Santos: Your Uncle John left some things for you. They're all at the rectory. You're more than welcome to follow me back and would love to have you stay for dinner if you'd like. John: I'll just grab them and go. Father Santos: I read your column. John: Down here? Father Santos: Yes (chuckles). Father John would rush down the newsstand every week 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and pick it up. John: It was sudden? Father Santos: Peaceful. He was very fortunate. Gloria walked in, he was- John: Gloria? Father Santos: Our housekeeper. She's taking it very hard. Of course, we all have. He's a wonderful man. We're going to miss him. John: Yeah, he was the most generous man I know. (serene music) (serene music) (John as a little boy laughing) GABRIELLA (metal box clanks) (lively rock music) (rock music continues) GUN HOUSE OF CARDS CASINO FATHER JOHN Father Santos: John, we have some tea for you. (teacups clang) (foreign language) Gloria: (foreign language) Father Santos: (foreign language) Have a little tea. John: What's wrong with her? Father Santos: She was startled with Father John's coat. She thought she was seeing a ghost. Yeah, I'm sorry. I just remembered him wearing it when I was a boy. Father Santos: Don't apologize everything in here is yours. You sure you're doing okay? John: He was just the... ...one man in my life, I could really believe in. Father Santos: This shouldn't change that John. John: No, it shouldn't. Maybe it was my business, maybe it wasn't that the man who shaped my life might be involved in something sleazy. At right or wrong, I made it my business to find out what. I had a gun, $50,000, AA coins and three names on a casino envelope. Not a lot to go on but enough to start opening doors. Valet guy: Here you go, sir. John: I'd like to see the manager. Assistant: And you are? John: John Farragut, I'm a columnist with the Sacramento Times Journal. Assistant: Oh, are you here with an article? Innez: We love the press. Mr. Farragut, welcome. Please come in. The more press, the more visitors, please come on. As you can see, we have a first class operation here and we would love to have the word out. After all, we are the best kept secret in California, gambling in Los Angeles. John: Mr. Innez, I'm here to find out about someone and I'd like to run three names by you. Now, they're just first names but any information you have would be helpful. Innez: Sure, first names, please take a shot. John: Does the name Gabriella mean anything to you? Innez: Gabriella... No. John: Tick? Innez: Tick? That's a name? John: (chuckles) Well, I guess so. Innez: No, and? John: And Marti? Innez: Marti. Now, wait a second, what kind of crap are you pulling here? John: I'm just trying to find out- Innez: There's no connection, no connection whatever between that whore and the House of Cards. As soon as I learned what she had going, she was out. Faster than you can bat an eyelash and the police investigation bears that out. In fact, we have a great relationship with law enforcers, so if you're trying to make some story out of old business, please don't. John: I'm just trying to find her. Innez: Walker? Walker: Yeah, boss? Innez: What happened to that whore that we threw out of here? Walker: I don't know. Oh wait, one of the girls told me, she opened an oriental massage parlor on Imperial near LAX. Innez: There you go. John: She's oriental? Innez: No, she's not oriental and she's no masseuse either, please. Now, for a reporter you haven't been around the block too many times. Look, if you find her, do not bring House of Cards into this. We are a clean operation. Any sniff of this crap tends to stick to places like ours. John: Don't worry. Innez: I have been very nice to you Mr. Farragut. I don't want this thing to turn around and bite me, please. (people talking in foreign language) Marti: Yup? John: I'm looking for Marti. Marti: Ha, who is it? John: A friend. Marti: What's your name, friend? John: John Farragut. Marti: (chuckles) Really? That's some name. It's Farragut like the admiral. Marti: The admirable admiral, hmm? What can I do for you, sailor? John: I take that you're Marti. Marti: You take it correct. John: I found your name on a piece of paper that belonged to my uncle. I'm trying to piece together what happened. Marti: Why? John: He's dead. Marti: Hey, we're not mixed up with anything like that. I mean, I don't even know any dead people. John: I know how he died. I'm trying to figure out how he lived. Any priest ever come here? Marti: Priests, cops, politicians. There are no surprises in this business. Everyone needs therapy once in a while. John: Would you look at a photo for me? Marti: Oh, god, the dead guy? John: No, alive. Marti: Are you a cop? John: A nephew. Marti: Hmm, but listen honey, I don't care who he is. God made us what we are, so where's the sin? John: Know him? Marti: No. No, I don't know. He just, for a second there, he looked like someone that I knew. Listen, I gotta go. I have a house full of clients, okay? John: Who's Tick? Marti: No one. (sighs) I don't know. John: What is it? No one or I don't know? Marti: I don't have to answer you, okay? I think it's better if you go for your own sake, all right? John: Who's Gabriella? Tick: (foreign language) What's the problem here? Marti: (foreign language) He's just on his way, aren't you? Tick: (foreign language) (foreign language) Go get the money! Marti: Hey! Hey, you owe me some money! John: What? Marti: Just get your wallet out and give us some money. Just whatever, just do it and listen to me. (breathes heavily) Your uncle's dead and Gabby's dead, okay? She worked for me but then she became his girl. That's all you need to know. It's history. Let the sleeping dogs lie. John: If the life of my role model, my father figure, my savior is reduced to nothing more than a sleeping dog, one that packs a gun, where does that leave me? (knocking on door) Joyce: John. John: Sorry, it's so late. Joyce: About five years late. John: And I need to talk. Joyce: You drove six hours to talk? John: Uncle John died. Joyce: I know. I saw the obit. John: Well, I didn't see you at the funeral. Joyce: Well, he's not my uncle anymore, is he? John: You could have paid your respects. He loved you. Joyce: Did you come here to criticize me? John: No, I'm just saying- Joyce: Well, just stop. I wanted to come but I knew that you'd be there and that it would be difficult for you. John: I know. Oh. (cries) I'm going to miss him. Joyce: I'm sorry. John: $50,000. He took a vow of poverty. Joyce: Not to mention chastity. John: Yeah, I mean he's a little wild before but... he became a priest. Joyce: Yeah, I gotta admit, it doesn't paint a pretty picture. John: And the AA? Joyce: Hey, you should be proud of him for getting sober. John: No, I didn't know he's a drunk. Joyce: Well, maybe that's because you couldn't see the forest for the trees. John: I've been sober two years. Joyce: Sorry. John: Things don't change much, do they? Joyce: I said, I'm sorry. John: Two years, I've been back at the paper for two years. I've got it all straightened out, Joyce! Believe me! Joyce: I believe you. I'm sorry. John: Oh, I gotta get out of here. Joyce: Things really don't change, do they? I mean the minute you start to connect with someone then you're gone. You still can't stand a confrontation. John: What are you talking about? That's all I do, is confront! John Farragut, me, shock columnist! Joyce: Sitting in a dark office, lobbing potshots at important people is not confronting. In fact, it's pure disengagement. John: (laughs) Disengagement now, don't patronize me with your psychobabble. Joyce: John, my life was tranquil until about an hour ago. I was going to bed. I have a plane to catch in the morning. John: You call this tranquil, mm? I call it anesthetized. Joyce: Why did you come here anyway? John: I don't know. You're the psychologist, tell me. (calm rock music) (calm rock music) Bartender: What'll it be? Look just signal when you're ready, I'm kinda busy. (things breaking) John: I'm ready. Tonic. Bartender: With? John: With... a little ice. (calm rock music) (calm rock music) (uneasy music) (uneasy music) (grunts) (gun clicks) Tick: Where's the bitch, John? John: What bitch? Tick: You know, the Gabriella bitch? John: She's dead. Tick: Yeah, says who? John: That's what I heard. Tick: What have we got here? This money looks familiar. Oh, dead, huh? (grunts) John: Who the hell are you? Are you Tick? (groans) Tick: (chuckles) John: "Let sleeping dogs lie," she said. She might have added, "Lie down with dogs, "get up with fleas." It was easy to make the assumption that this flea is Tick who wanted me dead might be dead. No, he wanted answers. But that makes two of us. Gloria: (foreign language) John: Where's Father Santos? Gloria: (foreign language) John: Yeah, yeah, well, I'll wait in Father John's room. Tick: Right. Gloria: (gasps in shock) (fast-paced music) (fast-paced music) Man: Hey! Father Santos: Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners sinners now and at the hour of our death, amen. Good morning. John: I don't know what the hell is going on. Father Santos: The traditional dialogue is, "Bless me father for I have sinned." John: I'm not here for my confession, father. I found a loaded 45 semi-automatic and $50,000 in Father John's room yesterday and there's a whole lot of people who don't seem to know what's going on. Father Santos: What people? John: Excuse me. Father Santos: For god's sake, who have you been asking? John? John! John! (lively rock music) John: Hey, Gloria! She's the white rabbit. Gloria, for god's sake, wait! Hey, what are you so panicked about, huh? What do you know about Father John? Gloria: (grunts) John: What do you know about this? Father Santos: What is the matter with you? John: I want some answers here. Father Santos: Put that away before somebody gets hurt. Gloria: (screams) Father Santos: Run! (gunshots) Father Santos: (grunts) Gloria: No! Padre, no! Padre! Padre, no! Father Santos: Go! No! (screams) John: Father Santos had been shot! Call 911! Call the police! (fast-paced music) (fast-paced music) Gloria: Go, go please! (fast-paced music) John: Stop the bus! Stop the bus! Hold it! Gloria: (foreign language) (screams) John: It's okay, okay. John: I'm calling the police. Gloria: (foreign language) John: Are you kidding? They're trying to kill us. Gloria: (foreign language) John: Father Santos has been shot. Gloria: (foreign language) (bell tolls) John: Thank you Joyce. Joyce: My pleasure, John. John: This is Gloria. Uncle John's housekeeper. She doesn't speak English. Joyce: I got a plane to catch. What is going on, John? John: People are shooting at me. That's what's going on. Joyce: Oh my god, did you call the police? Gloria: (foreign language) John: It's her mantra. It's that Tick guy, he mugged me last night too. Joyce: You were mugged. John: He was looking for Gabriella. Joyce: The Gabriella you told me who was dead? John: She's Gabriella. You're Gabriela. Gloria: No. John: Yes. He wasn't shooting at me. He was shooting at you! Gloria: (foreign language) John: Boo! You're Gabriella! Gloria: (foreign language) John: She's Uncle John's girlfriend. You're his private little whore! Gloria: (grunts) Joyce: So much for no English. John: We better go to your house. John: 11829 Beverly Terrace. Yeah, we'll be there. And keep your sirens off. So long. Joyce: Are you sure you don't need me to stay? John: Yeah, it's over now. Joyce: You haven't had a drink in two years. John: You better get going. You're going to miss that plane. Joyce: You need to keep a clear head. Good luck. Lock the door behind me. (door closing) John: Good luck. Yeah, I think I'm due for some of that. In the last 24 hours, I buried my uncle, my savior and father figure, been mugged, robbed, shot at, visited my ex-wife twice. I sit in her house with my uncle's whore sleeping on the couch. I said I was sober. Well, I'm not dead. (sighs) You got my drink. Por favor. Give me, Gabriella. That is your name, isn't it? Gloria: Don't. He was my savior too. I'm obligated to return the favor if I can. John: Well, you better return it quick because the police are coming here any minute. No, you're not running again, you hear? What is it with you and Father John? Gabriella, what?! Gloria: He saved me, damn you! From Innez, from the police, from drugs. I was saved until you came along. Now, they're going to find me and they're going to kill me. John: (whispers) Come on. Cop 1: Check the front. Cop 2: I'm going back. John: Why would cops hurt you? Gloria: Innez will find out. John: Who the hell is Innez? Gloria: He owns the House of Cards where I was a chicken, a whore, a child whore. John: Surely, the cops would protect you. Gloria: Innez is friends with cops. They would come there and they would have me. I was a child. (menacing music) (door closing) (door opening) Cop 1: I got something. Cop 2: What is it? Cop 1: It's an opened bottle of vodka. Cop 2: Someone was here. Cop 1: Yeah. John: How old are you? Gloria: 23. I was 15 when... John: This Tick, does he work for Innez? Gloria: Yes. Tick and Marti. John: Why do they want to kill you? Why? Gloria: I just can't tell you. Is it enough to say that I confessed? And Father John knew. He forgave me. Can you have faith in Him? John: We better get out of here. (fast-paced music) (menacing music) John: She asked me to have faith and forgiveness, cornerstones of the Church. Here's the take of this lapse Catholic. One man risks everything trying to save a life, a second revering the first, destroys everything that first worked for. One is a savior, the other a destroyer. One worked from hope, the other from cynicism. One affirms, the other denies. The greater is dead while the lesser survives. What was my uncle doing with a gun? Gloria: It was mine. I stole it from Innez when I ran away. John: And the money? Gloria: It was with the gun. I earned it. I needed it to run away. But I went to Father John instead. I got saved. This is not a sin. God made us this way. So, where's the sin? What's wrong? John: That's what she said. Gloria: Who? John: Marti. Gloria: (scoffs) Marti. John: She said you were his girl. Gloria: He's not like that. He never touched me! John: Marti recognized Father John's picture and she said you were dead. Now, why would she say that unless she's protecting you? Gloria: Where are you going? John: I gotta go get some answers. Don't leave until I get back. (doors closing) Let's talk. Marti: I'm here to see a customer. John: You're looking at him. Marti: I told you to leave things alone. Now, look what's happening. John: What is it, huh? Marti: No. John: No, all I know is I'm dodging bullets from your friend, Tick. Marti: Listen, I can't talk to you now. John: Hey, listen! You care, you never would have warned me. I saw it. Marti: (scoffs) You saw fear, sailor. You have no idea what you're into. John: Tell me. Marti: Tell you what? John: Everything you can Innez, anything, enough so I can protect her. It won't come back to you, I swear. Marti: Oh, are you kidding? It will come back to me even if I don't send for it. John: Help her. Marti: What's in it for me? John: Your soul. Marti: (scoffs) My soul? I sold that a long time ago, sailor along with everything else. John: No, you haven't. You would have given up Gabriella by now. Your soul clings to the fleeting hope that maybe you helped one get away. You changed your hair. Gloria! Gloria! (menacing music) (rock music) If they've taken the girl, they'd be after me next. There's only one way not to be taken by surprise. I know one way to get Gabriella back. (lively rock music) Where's the girl? Innez: Hello, John. John: Gloria, Gabriella, whatever her name is. Innez: Very good question. John: It's possible you don't know but your friend, Tick. That is a name. Does know. I know all about you and Tick and Marti. And every other hooker and pimp and chicken you run out of here. You've got your money. Innez: You talk too much. John: No, I don't. In fact, you're going to be thankful that I'm talking. Because when I'm not talking, I'm writing. That could be very unhealthy for you. Don't. Innez: Where the hell did you get that? John: Get away from the desk. Innez: You'll never get out of here. John: (scoffs) Well, that could also be very unhealthy because the entire story of your operation, including the ties of yourself to the board of mafia has been written up from a syndicated cop. John Farragut, shock columnist. It has been sealed and sent to my attorneys and editors with instructions to open and publish at my request or in the event of my demise, disappearance or even accidental death. That goes for Gabriella too. So, you better get on the phone, quick. Innez: You expect people to believe that? John: Well, I may not have enough to send you to the gas chamber Mr. Innez I do have enough to crucify you. Innez: Who's going to keep you from printing it anyway? John: Well, then you wouldn't have any incentive to watch out for us. (chuckles) I kinda like the idea of you praying for us day and night. Where is she? You find her. You find her alive. You have 24 hours. Innez: She killed my nephew. Killed him in his own bed with that gun. His gun. She stole our money. And she should live? John: Did he ever touch her? Did he ever put a hand on her? Innez: She's a whore for god's sake. Mexican whore. John: She was a woman. She was a child. She better be alive. I figured if I made it out the front door I'd make it all the way. I didn't hold that much hope for Gabriela though. (rock music and distant laughs) (louder rock music) (serene music) (serene music continues) Forgive me father for my lack of faith in you, in John and the Church. Father Santos: The faith of every person has to be tested, John. Characters reveal them the test results. (laughs) John: Then I have failed. Father Santos: No, you haven't. You were searching. Searching for the truth and that could never be bad. John: That's what I used to think. Truth is beauty, beauty, truth. He is the free man whom the truth makes free. Now, I have known other people who have committed the darkest crimes one can commit and I can't reveal it. How do I live with that? Father Santos: Now, you really stepped in the shoes of Father John. A priest learns terrible secrets in confession. It's one of the most austere responsibilities we have because we may reveal nothing not matter how heinous or dangerous. I cannot condone a lay person not reporting information to the police, nor can I be a hypocrite. Maybe you can take comfort in figuring that there's a priest out there somewhere who's heard the same information that you have and too has obligations and people to protect. John, there's one more favor that you have to do for Father John. John: (chuckles) I don't think I can handle that. He has much broader shoulders. Father Santos: He's not a saint. He was a sinner. John: (chuckles) I did know him before he became a priest, how's that? Father Santos: He needs forgiveness, John. John: Something he confessed to you? Father Santos: Mm-hmm. John: Why, he's forgiven then, right? Isn't that the deal? Father Santos: In the eyes of the Lord. John: What else matters? He didn't say why but he told me to check out some records. Some birth records. (serene music) We are cautioned not to deal in stereotypes. Stereotypes derive from an observation of the people over a period of time. I don't deny their validity as an observation but the danger in the stereotyping is applying it to any individual. I was raised to believe priests and cops were infallible. Not true. But these days, people now think the opposite and that certainly isn't true either. I momentarily bought it with that myth as well. Father John was not infallible. He's a good priest. And a good man. And he was a father. He was the father I'd always wish I've had and the irony is, I had. Consider this the most important article I will ever write. Triggered by a gun, sex, death, corruption, religion, truth, deception, faith, honor and love. All the ingredients for a big story, my biggest, lives depend on it. It will never be printed. I call it, an article of faith. (lively rock music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 