Detroit 1-8-7: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Detroit 1-8-7 
 s1e6 - Lost Child/Murder 101 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Detroit 1-8-7 (2010–2011): Season 1, Episode 6 - Lost Child/Murder 101 - full transcript 
 A horrifying crime enrages Fitch, Washington, Stone and Sanchez when a young woman is shot multiple times in her SUV while hiding a safe, but terrified two-year-old in the back. The long and winding road of discovery runs from the woman's ex-husband to an under-the-radar, possibly illegal manipulation of the foster care system. Meanwhile, Longford and Mahajan investigate the homicide of a college janitor found with drugs in his system. It looks to be the "perfect murder," until the detectives crack the case with an unusual motive. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ trying to make it real ♪ ♪ compared to what ♪ ♪ uh-huh ♪ ♪ trying to make it real ♪ ♪ compared to what ♪ ♪ yeah ♪ Victim's Maria young. Multiple shots. Someone ran her off the road. shoots her through the glass. Dumps her purse, leaves the cash and the wallet. Shooter was looking for somethin' else. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Three in the upper torso. Two in the face. She was talking to him through the window. Sippy cup. Still cold. Oh, my God. Okay. Hi. Will you come to me? Good. All right. It's okay. It's okay. I got you. Good girl. I got you. It's okay. Good. All right. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's okay. Who called it in? The victim did. 9-1-1 was the last number she dialed. please help me!! Please! ma'am, ma'am, calm down And tell me where you are. Oh, Cass... And I-I don't know. Grand River? Oh, my God. He's coming! Who's coming, ma'am?  what's happening? Stay down on the floor. Put the blanket over you. Just put the blanket over, sweetie. She's hiding the kid. be quiet..  open the damn door! ma'am, the police are on their way. Please hurry! The police are coming! I called the police! Where is she?! I-I don't know. Please! I want my kid! It's the father. please don't do that. Please!! Ma'am? Ma'am?! Find this son of a bitch. we've got a deceased white male, Multiple knife wounds, At the Lindbergh university campus. That's a whole lot of blood. Hey, you guys gotta walk this whole area. The bushes. Them trash cans over there. Killer might've dumped the knife. Go on now. All right. Let's go. Jared Nicholson. Janitorial services. Hey. Could be our killer. Big boy. Lacerations on the hands and arms. And defensive wounds. Killer slipped one past in the neck here. Clipped the carotid. That's what did it. What kind of knife we talking about? Blade was at least 6 inches, serrated. I'll know more when I can get him on the table. Hey, guys, uh, two of our med students found the body, Called 9-1-1 around 12:30 A.M. Okay. Where they at? Right over here.  there was so much blood. I didn't even recognize him. So you knew Jared? Yeah. He cleaned our dorm last year. God, he was such a nice man. Just to see him lying there, looking up at me... His eyes were closed. Yeah, I closed them. W-was that... was that wrong? I didn't know what to do. It's like he was... he was alive, you know?  Elizabeth, it's okay. You did nothing wrong. Just take a second and tell us how you found him. okay, um... We left the library. We were walking to our apartment. And, um, Karla saw him first. Yeah, there was, like, this... Metallic odor. What was it? Blood. It was, like, wafting. We found him under that tree and we tried to find a pulse, But... Then I called 9-1-1. And you said that was at around 12:30, correct? His body was still warm. Do you think that the killer could've seen us? No, it's okay. They've tightened security. We'll get someone to take you home. it's already 4:30 A.M. Any word from child services? They were coming an hour ago. Every once in a while, One of 'em just... Just gets to you. Maybe it's being a mom, I don't know. That mother sitting in that car With a... with a gun in her face... I just keep thinking what I would've done. You would've done the same. No. I'd have blown him away. Got something on our victim. Maria young... mother of a 2-year-old girl, Recently separated from her husband, mark young. His address is 47 frontier. Mark young? Yeah. Can you step out on the porch, please? What's going on? Just step outside. Wait. Gun. Drop it! okay, it's a remote. What is this about? We have your daughter. What? My daughter's here.  daddy? Sync by n17t01 ReSync for REPACK 720p IMMERSE by Alex1969 www.addic7ed.com Mr. Young, do you know who that child was in Maria's car? No. Is there any reason you could think of Why she would have someone else's child in her car? No. We believe the man who shot Maria is the father. Is it possible she was seeing someone? I... I don't think so. But we weren't exactly close anymore. Did you guys have a bad break? Is that it? Is there ever a good one? We, uh, we separated last year. Do you mind telling us why? Her work. It... She was consumed with it. what did she do? She's an accountant at hotchkins-Webber. Mr. Young, I'm gonna ask you another question. It's a yes/no, all right? And this time, I don't want you to think about the answer. The first thing that comes to mind, you say it. I'm sorry. I'm just trying to... I'm just trying to wrap my head around this whole... I understand that. I understand. But, please, okay, The first thing that comes to mind. Are you telling us the truth? daddy? She needs me. Daddy! Coming, honey. he's hiding something. Guy was thinking too hard about every answer. The mother of his kid just got offed. Give the guy a break. It was like he knew... maybe not who killed her, but why. Well, people grieve in different ways. He tells us Maria's consumed by her work, Yet we find out she's a part-time accountant. That doesn't add up. And this woman had a strange kid In the backseat of her car. She's not in a relationship. What is she doing with this kid that gets her killed? Maria's g.P.S. Was busted in the crash. Had the techs download the chip. She had an address programmed in that night, In the Bloomfield hills area. If we can't find out who the kid is, Maybe we can find out where Maria was taking her. Follow it up. I hired Jared three years ago. He was in a bad spot... Fired after 25 years on the assembly line For a drug problem, his wife left him. But he got clean, And he was busting his ass trying to make ends meet. Still, there wasn't a day I knew him He wasn't wearing a silly-ass smile. So, uh, he was well-liked? Understatement if I ever heard one. uh, you think it's possible Jared might've, uh... Regressed back to his old ways, you know, Doing something to make those ends meet a little easier? Nah. No way. Jared wore that serenity prayer on his sleeve. so, um, on the night of the murder, What time did he leave? Always out at midnight, then straight home. The man loved his sports recaps. I walk home that same way. different night, You guys could have been standing here, Asking Jared about me. Thanks. Okay, thanks very much. Appreciate it. No problem. Bye. Everybody loved him. We're talking the mahatma Gandhi of janitors here. So aside from a random act of violence, what do we have? Bloody shoeprint, size 14. Nice jacket. Why, thank you, doctor. Armani? Good eye. Tox screen came back. Jared Nicholson had g.H.B. In his blood. G.H.B.... Isn't that a rave drug? Pretty easy to get on any college campus. Sounds like Saint Jared May have slipped back into his old ways. Judging by the large amount in his system, This was more than slipping. Yeah, we'll look at campus dealers. Maybe they knew a different side of Jared. No I.D. On the little girl yet. And you got Maria's new address from the husband? Yeah, yeah. It's, uh, it's, like, six blocks From where she was killed. We think he followed her from home. All right. Check out her place. Okay. I'm never having kids. Ahh. this thing's like fort Knox. Here. Let me try. Really? Okay. Fine. Be my guest. That's not gonna work. not even gonna ask. I have six brothers. Not all of them went to Harvard. Check this out. Maria young used to work for child services. These are termination papers. Looks like copied files of old child services cases. Cell phones. Burners. There's gotta be, like, 100 g's in here. Ex-social worker found dead with a kid in her car? She wasn't hiding this little girl. She was selling her. I still can't wrap my head around it. Why does a mother get involved in child trafficking? We just found 100,000 reasons in her apartment. If her husband knew what she was doing, why does he protect her? Maybe he was involved. This is the address. Mr. And Mrs. Campbell, We're sorry to intrude. Um, what's this thing? Emmett's on dialysis until we get him a new kidney. We, uh, just... Have a few questions. Sure. Do you know this woman? No. Her name's Maria young. No, we don't know her. nice pictures. Thank you. But I notice there are no baby photos. Oh, we adopted Emmett through a South African agency. He was a year old. We have papers, if you want to see them. Why would I want to see them? I don't know. Then why'd you ask? Listen, I don't know what this is about, but if, uh... Maria young was murdered last night. We found a child hidden in her vehicle. Her g.P.S. Led us to this address. Maybe you want to look at this photo one more time. And maybe you want to talk to my attorneys. how can you not make a case? Maria young had a bagful of cash. She had untraceable cell phones, and she was headed To the Campbells' with an UN-I.D.'d kid in her car. The Campbells deny knowing anything about it. The Campbells are lying! Their son is on dialysis. They could've been buying this kid for spare parts. Can you prove that? And what about this son supposedly adopted From South Africa? Yet no one's ever heard of the agency, And we believe the papers were fabricated. Again, find proof, and we'll have something to act on. Alice, all we want to do is catch a killer. We need to know what the Campbells are hiding. You push 'em hard enough, They might reveal the identity of this child. Okay, we find out who the kid in the car is, We find out who killed Maria young. You don't think I wanna do that? But with what we've got, they'd laugh me out of the court. Yeah, well, I'm guessing that's not the first time This has happened. Fitch... You have an address and a g.P.S. If I'm gonna make a child trafficking case, The law requires a little more. So unless you get me something I can use, I can't touch the Campbells. You wanna tell that to the little girl Who was about to be sold? Dig deeper on the Bloomfield hills couple... Their financials, their phone, their kid. Have stone and Sanchez head over to child services. Find out everything they can on Maria young. If this is what it takes to I.D. Our suspect, Then make her a damn trafficking case. Campus cops got something for us. A dealer named Dwayne Rollins pushes g.H.B. Got into it with Jared a couple months ago. And wanna hear the best part? 5'11", 290. Mm, sounds like our big man on campus. Yeah. Dwayne Rollins? give me a sec! ♪ to the rhythm of the boogie to be ♪ ♪ there it go like simple the plainness ♪ there he goes! ♪ Zulu arrangement, rockin' amazement ♪ ♪ fly gold, radio from heaven to pavement ♪ ♪ phony is the face but nothing to play with ♪ ♪ spent time hatin' it, but that ain't changin' it ♪ ♪ God gave it to me, nobody is takin' it ♪ ♪ therefore, movin' on the bass for stimulus ♪ ♪ standing in the twilight ♪ why you running, Dwayne? ♪ the walls, tremblin' ♪ ♪ the air is shimmerin', she movin' like more than ♪ ♪ the ears is listenin', whoa now ♪ 'cause y'all cops, ain't y'all? Yep. Size 14. Come on, Dwayne. Let's take a ride, buddy. Get up. Get your shoe. here you go. You all right? Come on. Wow. You sure are fast. I used to run track. Oh, you did? Are you okay? It brings me back. You guys got here quick. You didn't get my message? About Maria young? No, I already forwarded all her files To the prosecutor's office. I called about finnley. Who's finnley? The child found in Maria's vehicle. She matches the description of a little girl Reported missing from her foster home. Her name is finnley Mitchell. Okay, um, we're gonna need Everything that you have on her biological father. We suspect that he killed Maria. Uh... His name is Donald Mitchell. okay, Dwayne.. Just a couple of questions. No, I didn't do it. Really? Well, I guess we can all go home then, huh? We want to talk to you about Jared Nicholson. Never met the dude. What about your g.H.B. Business? You wanna talk about that? I don't sell no g.H.B. It says you were arrested last year for intent to distribute. Man, that wasn't really g.H.B. It was nodoz. you do realize g.H.B. Is a sedative And nodoz is an upper, right? And you do realize that rich college kids are stupid. The reason we're asking, Dwayne, Is because we found g.H.B. In Jared Nicholson's body... A drug you claimed to sell Up until three seconds ago. We also learned that the two of you were in a fight. Maybe Jared needed a fix. He was a little low on cash. You two get into it, and the next thing we know, We got a bloody shoeprint near his body, Same size shoe you wear. Man, I didn't kill no broom pusher, a'ight? Right now co are confiscating your shoes And searching for traces of blood. You do understand that if they find 'em, You will be charged with murder. But I get my shoes back, though, right? Look, man, Jared wouldn't do no g.H.B. He was one of the do-gooders. He'd be all in my face, Trying to get me to change my life around. Okay, so theoretically, Let's say you didn't kill Jared. Were you pushing nodoz on the night of the murder? If I admit to it, I get amenity. I'm sorry. What? Amenity. Oh, you mean immunity. So you want immunity for selling over-the-counter pills. Yes. I watch "judge Judy," and I know my rights. Uh... Okay. You know what, Dwayne? You got your immunity. Cool. I got a deal by the library At midnight on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Friday. That night, my client was about... 15 minutes late. So we had to meet somewhere else. Why is that? Oh, there was, uh, some beckies in my usual spot. Beckies? What? Oh, you mean, like, white girls? You know any sisters named Becky? So what did these beckies look like? Oh, they was wearing, uh, green pajamas. Scrubs? I guess so. Walking around in the dark, Looking for somethin' on the ground. I don't know, man. Maybe one of 'em lost a contact lens. Okay, when you said you met your client at 12:15... You're sure about that? Yeah. I got his number in my cell. Call him. He'll tell you. But don't tell him I told y'all to tell him to tell you. So I just got off the phone with Dwayne's "client." Confirmed his timeline. Dwayne sees the girls at 12:15, Yet they don't call 9-1-1 until 12:30, Which means... Those girls... they would have been there Around the time of the murder. Yeah. Our suspect is Donald Mitchell. He was released from prison Last month after serving a year and some change. Attempted robbery put him behind bars, But not before he lost custody Of his 10-month-old daughter finnley. According to d.C.F.S., he was an unfit parent. Maybe the birth mother knows where he is. She died a year after finnley was born... hodgkins lymphoma. Man, this little girl's had it too hard. So how do we find this guy? Well, if Donald Mitchell tracked down Maria, He had to know finnley was no longer at her foster home. Go see the foster parents. Maybe he went there first. ladies? Hello?? Excuse me. Did you guys find the guy yet? Uh, well, we're still working on it, Karla. The whole school is freaking out. My parents wanna hire me a private security guard. Really? They must really care about you. Hey, can we ask you ladies a few questions? You said you found Jared's body around 12:30. Is that correct? Yeah, right before we called 9-1-1. Hmm. Why? We have a witness placing the both of you At the crime scene 15 minutes before that 9-1-1 call came in. They're mistaken. We were here at the library. Anybody see you here? No. We were in the stacks. Oh, my God. Are we suspects? Uh... Oh. It's okay. Karla, it's okay. Look, nobody's accusing you of anything, okay? No. Get up. Come on. Get up. come on. Get up. Get up. Ugh, look at that. Makeup... that'll never come out. How you afford Armani on a cop's salary anyway? You on the take? Come on. I gotta dress this nice just to make you look half decent. You know we never really got a good answer from them girls. All we got is a drug dealer Put 'em at the scene of a crime. We need a little more. What if we got some background? Let's talk to some of their friends. So how long were you and Elizabeth dating? "dating" is a mild word for it. How about chewed me up and spit me out? Karla was my roommate first year. She was pretty nice, but after she started hanging With that soulless, life-sucking bitch, Elizabeth, She changed. How about there's a cavernous hole For where her heart should be? Followed her around like a puppy dog. She went totally Jonestown for Elizabeth. No joke, dude. Hide your children. I can understand why students would dislike them. People tend to mistake superior intellect for elitism. You know what I mean. Mm-hmm. Absolutely. But these girls were isolated by their peers. They're outcasts, like many great minds. I teach anesthesiology, Which is by far one of the tougher subjects. These girls have never gotten less than a perfect score. And Elizabeth... well, she is my prize student. She actually oversees the labs for me. What is all this about? We're investigating Jared Nicholson's murder. And you suspect Karla and Elizabeth? These girls have a huge future ahead of them. Why would they do something like that? Would you gentlemen excuse me for a moment? I mean, she's right. There is this little problem of no conceivable motive. Well, even if they had one, how would they do it? Jump him and force-feed him the g.H.B.? Jared was a big guy. Makes no sense. Names are Stacy and Vernon Gaines. Finnley's been with them for about five months. And before that? Uh, another foster home, And a children's home before that. Mr. Gaines, I'm Eva gibbons from Wayne county d.C.F.S. These are detectives from Detroit p.D. They'd like to speak with you. Come in. This is finnley's natural father. His name is Donald Mitchell. Yeah, that's him. Barged in here, Wanted to know where finnley was. We were gonna call the cops, But when he didn't see her, he bolted. So finnley was already gone at that point. When did you notice her missing? That morning. We were out pretty late the night before, And when we got home, she was gone. You left a 2-year-old home alone? We were just down the street. But you didn't report her missing till the next day. We just thought Eileen took her. That's why we didn't say nothin'. Eileen Mitchell, Donald's sister. She's been calling ever since She found out finnley was staying here, Asking us if we took her to the doctor, if we fed her. Did you tell Donald Mitchell that? You're responsible for what's happened here. You think I got into social work to place children In homes like this? Yeah. Go ahead. Blame the red tape. I can't just snap my fingers and make it better. After a caseworker files a complaint, It has to be reviewed, then it needs to be investigated. That process takes time. Not every foster parent Is like them. Not every case is like finnley's. But the reality is some kids fall through the cracks. Well, how did Maria know who was falling through the cracks? Somebody at child services had to tell her. Maria was fired long before finnley Was placed in foster care. Why was she fired? Maria wouldn't follow the rules. Because of situations like this? She wouldn't be limited by the system. Maria's husband knew what she was doing. That's what he was protecting. She didn't abduct finnley to exploit her. She was trying to save her. Found a subcutaneous needle prick On Jared Nicholson's upper back. Almost missed it. Whoever shot him up knew what they were doing. So the girls could have injected g.H.B. Into his system. Wasn't just g.H.B. I did a supplemental tox And also found suxamethonium chloride. Okay, how about once again in English? It's a paralytic drug commonly used in surgery. Paralytic drug. Which means Jared was drugged before he was killed? Went out faster than disco. So he couldn't have fought for his life. No, but he was killed by someone Who wanted to make it look that way. You know, Elizabeth ran the anesthesiology lab For Dean Pritchard. Think they could have gotten access to a paralytic drug? Let's go ask the Dean. Yes? Detroit p.D., Ms. Mitchell. We'd like to speak to you, please. He got finnley, didn't he? No, finnley's in protective custody. We're investigating a murder of a woman named Maria young. Oh! You know her? I can't tell you anything. I gave Maria my word. Your brother killed her. There's nothing left to protect. You don't understand. No, Eileen, I don't think you understand. All right? You withhold information in a homicide, Things could get ugly. When I was 5 years old, My parents had some trouble. Child services came, And I didn't have it as bad as finnley, But I know how bad it can get. We only want what's best for her. Just like you. When I saw the way that she was living In that foster home, I complained to her caseworker. She said her hands were tied. So I called the head of the d.C.F.S. Wait. Eva gibbons? She was trying to get finnley removed, But the paperwork was taking too long. Then out of nowhere, Maria reached out to me, Said she was part of this group... Kind of an underground railroad but for kids. Help the ones in bad situations find good homes. I... Helped her take finnley from that awful place. I'm not ashamed. That child has gone through enough for ten lifetimes. Why didn't you take finnley in? 'cause Donald would always know where to find her. That's how he found Maria. He beat you up, threatened your life If you didn't tell him where finnley was. Not my life. Theirs. I tried to warn Maria that Donald was coming. Do you have any idea Where your brother may be headed right now? I was unconscious when he left. Hey, listen, um... You know, what... what you said out there About... about your foster parents... We were split up into different homes. Mine was okay, but my little brother... Hmm. Even after we were returned to our parents, He never really made it back. So, uh... What do you wanna do About this whole underground railroad thing? We're homicide. That's not our department. Sounds good to me. Hey. Okay, Karla, here's how this works. First of you to confess gets a deal. I can't confess to something I didn't do. We have a witness placing you at the crime scene When the murder occurred. We have a paralytic drug That we know was injected into Jared's system. Dean Pritchard said you had access to the drug locker. And guess what? Paralytic drugs went missing. Karla... Elizabeth tell you not to talk to me? Karla! You know what time Jared got off work, so you ambushed him! And you killed him. I mean... I didn't kill anyone, okay? And look, if Karla had, I would have known. We were together 24/7. Karla?! You ready to spend the rest of your life in the joint, huh? Nothin'. You try to frame a drug dealer that you know Is gonna be at the scene, and that's where Your perfect little plan went wrong. We didn't have a plan. Drug dealers are unreliable, Elizabeth. That's just street 101. oh, my God.. This is crazy! But you wouldn't know that, would you? Coming from the ivory tower that you grew up in. I'm sorry.. I-I just... You know, I mean, such a... such a smart girl Making such an amateur mistake. Frankly, I'm shocked. Cir-cum-Stan-tial. Like that jacket. See, the label says Armani, But when you look up close, The cut's a little off, the fit. It's kind of like the facts in your case. You're trying to make this something it's not, Just like you are trying to be someone you're not... The all-American badass cop with a designer suit. But let's face it... Sahib... At the end of the day, You're just a bindi with a badge. Okay. Good talk. They found a connection between Maria young And the Campbells in Bloomfield hills. I thought you didn't have enough To prove that finnley was headed to the Campbells'. I'm not talking about finnley. Two years ago, Maria young was investigated After one of her cases disappeared from a foster home. So? The boy had a bad kidney. You were right. Those South African adoption papers were fabricated. You're gonna take their son away? I don't have a choice. He was kidnapped the same way finnley was. You mean "rescued." He's not legally theirs. This is not a case we should be prosecuting. You didn't think so when you asked me to look into it. Now it's out of my hands. Police found Donald Mitchell's vehicle Near the d.C.F.S. Building. He must have found out that finnley's in protective custody. How does he get to her? He's going after Eva gibbons. Okay. Over my left shoulder, Against the wall with a baseball cap. Detroit p.D.! Get down! Donald Mitchell! You're under arrest For the murder of Maria young. Come on. Parents are on their way. They're bringing lawyers. We've got 20 minutes, Max. Damn. 25, and I would've had her. Focus on Karla. She's the weaker link. Trust me. Karla's not talkin'. She'd sooner follow Elizabeth to the grave. Well, how about prison? You think psycho Barbie will follow her there? Okay, Karla. You're free to go. we can leave? not "we." You. Elizabeth confessed. I don't believe you. The door's open. Elevator's down the hall. What's not to believe? She's obviously protecting you. That's some friend you got. I would like to speak with her. That's not possible anymore, Karla. Elizabeth is going to prison. You're gonna have to move on. Wait. So Karla told us everything... How you two killed him, where you hid the knife. she's lying.. I wasn't with her. Oh, so... When you said that you were with Karla, And I quote, "24/7," that was a lie? Here's the thing. I don't need a confession, okay? You already put yourself with Karla At the time of the murder. Karla confessed, Inadvertently making you her accessory. Karla is an idiot, all right? You tell her she's pretty, she'll do whatever you say. How about your parents? Okay? What are they gonna say when they see you in here? I'm done talking to you. They gave you everything you ever wanted. You never had to work for a damn thing. You don't know anything about me. All the opportunities, all the semesters abroad, All the fancy education... Are you still talking? Really? All anyone's gonna remember is that the fact that... This conversation's over! Their only daughter is a killer, okay? You killed that man... Are you deaf?! And you can't even give me a reason! He called me a bitch! Okay? He called you a bitch. He came to the lab. I told him to mop the floor. He called me a bitch. You wanna know why I did it? that's why. wow. Jared was right. You are a bitch. But, you know, what do I know? I'm just a... Bindi with a badge. after all finnley's been through, And they're putting her back into the system? You can't be serious. They'll never grant Eileen Mitchell custody Of Finley. She was complicit in her abduction. Eileen Mitchell was protecting her niece. The court doesn't see that. It took everything I had To get them to dismiss the charges against her. Police raided the Campbells' home this morning In Bloomfield hills. They were gone. Someone tipped them off? A "yes" or "no" answer will be sufficient, Detective. Fitch? Wasn't me. Not all of us have as much guts as Maria young. Maria young was breaking the law. She died protecting that kid. She shouldn't have been the first person In finnley's life willing to do that. Maybe things will be different for her next time. They're throwing this child away. Hey. Hi. Do you wanna go get a beer... Or something? Um... I'd really like to, But I-I got somethin' I gotta do. Oh. Okay. Maybe next time. Okay. Good night. Good night. You okay? I don't know. Hey, come on. I'll buy you a drink. ♪ went around the way from you ♪ ♪ did all those things ♪ ♪ you asked me to ♪ ♪ I thought it was ♪ ♪ the perfect day ♪ ♪ to see just open love ♪ ♪ to say ♪ ♪ it doesn't mean a thing ♪ ♪ to me ♪ ♪ it doesn't mean a thing ♪ ♪ to me ♪ ♪ and it's about time you see ♪ I got you now. Come on, honey. It's okay. ♪ things ain't like ♪ ♪ they used to be ♪ ♪ I headed out ♪ here we go. ♪ to Lester hill ♪ ♪ but that just made me weaker still ♪ ♪ she's got the kind of love ♪ ♪ I need ♪ ♪ the kind that's never good ♪ ♪ on me ♪ ♪ it doesn't mean a thing ♪ ♪ to me ♪ They're gonna come looking for you, you know. The day they come looking for me Is the day the system is fixed. ♪ and it's about time ♪ ♪ you see ♪ ♪ things ain't like they used to be ♪ Sync by n17t01 ReSync for REPACK 720p IMMERSE by Alex1969 www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 