Barefoot Contessa: Season 19, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barefoot Contessa 
 s19e8 - Best Barefoot Grilling - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barefoot Contessa (2002–…): Season 19, Episode 8 - Best Barefoot Grilling - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm the Barefoot Contessa. It's card night  at the barn tonight, and I've got a game plan  for the perfect dinner. [ Laughter ] To go with drinks, I'm making  spicy chili tortilla chips. The main course is a fabulous  slow-roasted filet of beef that comes out perfectly  every time. And it's delicious  served with a no-cook sauce -- basil Parmesan mayonnaise. Next, I'm making elegant but  easy truffled mashed potatoes. I'm turning up the volume  on a favorite side dish -- 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 balsamic roasted  Brussels sprouts. And for dessert, it's a  store-bought coconut cake. That should make the card sharks  very happy. -- Captions by VITAC -- Closed Captions provided by  Scripps Networks, LLC. Every time I have friends  to dinner, I make a game plan. It's exactly what I need to do  at every moment to be sure everything gets hot  to the table at the same time. My card-sharks friends  are coming for dinner, and I've got a game plan. First thing on the menu --  slow-roasted filet of beef. First thing on the game plan --  oven to 275. So, slow-roasted filet of beef is one of my favorite things  to do. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It's really easy,  and it really is foolproof. So, I'm starting with  a 4 1/2 pound filet of beef, and it's already been trimmed  and tied by the butcher. And I just want to pat it dry  with paper towels. If it's wet, it'll steam in the  oven, and I want it to roast. Okay. Nice and dry. So, the first thing I'm gonna do  is rub it with a little bit of olive oil,  couple of tablespoons. Just drizzle it right on. It just keeps it really moist  in the oven. You know, generally,  filet of beef is roasted at a high temperature. And you end up  with this nice, brown outside and a nice, juicy inside, but it's not consistent  all the way through. It's sort of more done  on the outside. What I found was when you  roast it at a low temperature, it ends up being perfectly medium-rare all the way through. And it's amazing. Okay. Olive oil, and then lots  and lots of salt and pepper. Want it to have great flavor. So, the first thing  is 4 teaspoons of salt. It seems like a lot,  but it really flavors it. And you want to do it carefully  and all over. I'm really looking forward to  seeing my card-sharks friends. We've been playing bridge  for years. And because I've been so busy, we haven't been able  to play lately. So it'll be fun  to see them again. And the next thing is 2 teaspoons of coarsely ground black pepper. It's much coarser  than I usually do. But for this,  I think it's really nice. Right down the middle. If you don't have a grinder that can make really  coarsely ground black pepper, you can actually use  a mortar and pestle and grind it yourself. Okay. That's salt and pepper. Next is fresh tarragon. It's about 15 branches. Tarragon has a really nice, very  sort of subtle anise flavor, and it's gonna flavor the beef  when it roasts. Just lay it  on the outside of this. Okay,  a little bit of kitchen string. I always have that around. Tie it underneath and around. Just want a few ties just to  make sure it stays on the beef. And then, before I serve it, I'm  gonna take all the string off. Nobody needs to eat string. You know, I think people think that because I cook  all the time, I've got a game plan in my head. But the truth is,  it's really hard to do that. And I found that if I wrote it  down, I just forgot about it. I didn't worry all day,  "Should I start the dinner? Should I not start the dinner?" I just look at my game plan, and there's nothing to do  before 4:30. So, just a little brush  of olive oil on the tarragon, just to make sure  it doesn't burn. This is gonna be really good. Okay. That's it. Into the oven, 275, for about an hour and a quarter, an hour and a half,  until the internal temperature is about 130 for medium-rare. This is a little, thin one,  so I'm gonna keep an eye on it. So, next, I'm gonna make  basil Parmesan mayonnaise to go with the filet of beef. I know it sounds a little  complicated to make mayonnaise. Trust me. It's not. So, the first thing  is two room-temperature eggs. I'll separate the eggs.  I just need the yolks. Next is 3 tablespoons of freshly squeezed lemon juice. And the lemon juice is really important for mayonnaise, just to give it  that sort of edge. Right into the food processor. 1/2 cup of freshly grated  Parmesan cheese, 1 tablespoon  of good Dijon mustard. 1/2 cup of chopped fresh basil.  I love basil. Next, some garlic --  just about 1/2 teaspoon. Tablespoon of salt. It seems like a lot, but it makes a lot  of basil Parmesan mayonnaise. 1 teaspoon of pepper. And I'm just gonna puree this. Top goes on the food processor. Process for about 20 seconds. Next is oil. I'm combining  two different oils -- 1 cup of vegetable oil,  which has really no taste, which is good,  and then 1/2 cup of olive oil, which gives it some taste. I like the combination  because just pure olive oil would be way too flavorful  for this. I just pour them both  into a glass measuring cup. So, with the food processor on, I'm just gonna pour this  slowly through the feed tube. Just a steady stream. This is such a great sauce  for the filet of beef. It's really spicy from the Parmesan and the basil. That little bit of lemon juice and mustard give it a nice edge. Add the oil slowly so it  gets absorbed by the egg yolk. And that's done. Now, how easy is that? Okay. Right into a pitcher. Can't wait to taste this. Mmm. Don't mind if I do. Mmm. It's lovely, layered. I really taste the basil. The Parmesan is really strong. A little bit of mustard and  lemon juice to give it an edge. It's gonna be great  on the filet of beef. And I think  I'm right on schedule. Next, I'm making balsamic  roasted Brussels sprouts and truffled mashed potatoes. I've got the secret  for homemade tortilla chips. And then, I'm pulling  the whole meal together. I'm absolutely on track  for dinner at 7:30 sharp. Cheers! There's nothing that makes  a dinner party less stressful than making a game plan,  which is really just a timeline for when everything  has to get done in its order. I've got three friends  coming for dinner. We call ourselves  the card sharks because we play bridge together. And I'm making dinner for us, and then  we're gonna play bridge. I'm making balsamic  roasted Brussels sprouts. They're so delicious, and the good news is,  I can make them ahead. So, 1 1/2 pounds  of Brussels sprouts, right onto the sheet pan. And I actually even include  all the little leaves that sort of fall off  while I'm cutting them because they end up  being those crispy bits that are so delicious. Okay. Next, pancetta,  which is Italian bacon. If you can't find it, you can  always use regular bacon, but it has a great flavor. And I'm just gonna dice it  in a 1/4-inch dice. I actually originally  came across this recipe when I went to Tyler Florence's  wonderful restaurant, Wayfare Tavern in San Francisco. And he made them, and I thought, "I could probably  make something like that." So what I do  is I roast the Brussels sprouts and the pancetta together with some olive oil, salt,  and pepper. And then after  they come out of the oven, I'm gonna drizzle them  with a syrupy balsamic vinegar. It's a great combination. Okay. Onto the sheet pan. Okay. Now I just need some olive oil,  about 1/4 of a cup. Just drizzle it right on. Lots of salt and pepper --  about 1 1/2 teaspoons of salt and about 1/2 teaspoon  of pepper. And clean hands. Just mix them all together. What I'm doing is I'm just  preparing them now in advance. Then they're just gonna sit  at room temperature until I'm ready to roast them. That's one of the secrets  of stressless entertaining -- do as much as possible ahead. So, just spread them out  in one layer. Perfect. Ready for later. And now I'm gonna make  truffled mashed potatoes. Trust me. They're delicious. Well, you can't make  good mashed potatoes without half-and-half  and some butter. So the first thing I'm gonna do is just heat up 1 1/2 cups  of half-and-half... ...and 3/4 of a stick of butter. That's 6 tablespoons. And just melt them together. And then I'm gonna show you  my secret ingredient. Truffle butter  comes in 3-ounce containers. White truffles  are unbelievably expensive, and the truffle butter isn't. You can find it online if you can't find it  in a grocery store. So, as soon as the butter  and the cream heat up, I'm gonna put  the truffle butter in. But in the meantime,  I'm gonna drain the potatoes. I have 2 1/2 pounds  of Yukon Gold potatoes that I peeled  and cut in 1-inch chunks. This is truly  one of my favorite side dishes. Back into the pot. Oh, perfect. The butter's hot, and now I'm just gonna put  the truffle butter right in, off the heat. I don't want  the truffles cooking. Okay, right in.  You want to get all of it in. Gorgeous. And so here's the secret  about mashed potatoes -- I just do it right in the pot. So, just turn the mixer  on slowly and break them up, and then slowly add the cream  and butter and truffle butter, just until  it's the right consistency. This is so great to do  with a hand mixer. You never want to do it  in a food processor. It brings out the starch  in the potatoes, and they get really gummy. Not good in mashed potatoes. And I know people say you can't make mashed potatoes in advance, but the truth is you can. I just keep them warm in a bowl set over a pan  of simmering water. Okay. Just a few more things,  and we're done. 2 tablespoons  of grated Parmesan cheese. How could that hurt? Next, 2 1/2 teaspoons of salt. I use kosher salt.  I think it's got great flavor. And 1 teaspoon of pepper. And just mix that in. And I may  just have to taste this to make sure it's really good. You know,  for something like this, a lot of people  use white pepper. I really prefer  the taste of black pepper. And I kind of like knowing  that there's pepper in it. Okay. Now a taste to make sure  it's perfectly seasoned. Why is this the one thing  I have to taste? Mmm.  Wow. That's incredible. My guys are gonna love it. You really taste the truffles. You taste a little bit  of the Parmesan. Fantastic. Okay. Into a bowl set over  a pan of simmering water. That's gonna keep it  nice and warm. It's gonna be so good with the filet of beef  with basil Parmesan mayonnaise, roasted Brussels sprouts. It's a real guy dinner. I'm just gonna keep an eye  on them. Just make sure --  if they get a little thick, I'm gonna add  a little more cream. Never hurts. Perfect.  And that's ready for dinner. Next, more game-plan strategies with an easy table-setting idea. Chili tortilla chips  delicious with drinks. Then I'm pulling  the whole meal together. I love it  when a game plan works. It's bridge night  at the barn tonight. I love these nights. My card-shark friends  are coming, and I thought, "I think I'll make them dinner  this time." So, every time I make a dinner,  no matter how small it is, I've got a game plan  so it comes out perfectly. So, let's see where I am. The beef is in the oven. Truffled mashed potatoes  are staying warm on the stove. Brussels sprouts are all ready  to go into the oven. But with any game plan, the first thing I always do  is set the table. So, I started  with a 42-inch round table, covered it in burlap. Then I chose plain, white plates  and my good, silver flatware. Then napkins  in orange and brown. They look stylish but not fancy. I like to use stemmed  wine glasses for the height and straight-sided  water glasses. And instead of flowers, a big bowl of clementines  with lemon leaves. I do always feel so much better  when the table setting's done. It's kind of like having  the dress for the party. You know you're good to go. So, another rule I have  for entertaining is don't make everything  yourself. So what I did was I went to  the Sag Harbor Baking Company and ordered an incredible cake. The Sag Harbor Baking Company is  owned by two fabulous women -- Mimi Yardley  and Margaret Brooks -- who bake incredible custom  cakes, French pâtisserie, muffins, doughnuts, cupcakes --  I could go on and on. They've known each other since  they were kids in Sag Harbor. Margaret became a pastry chef. Mimi was an accountant  with a passion for baking. They spotted a gap in the market  for a local bakery and, well, the rest is history. There's only one problem --  what do I choose? Should it be  the chocolate ganache tart, the almond cake, the lemon tart,  or the coconut layer cake? They're all just so fabulous. Wait till you see what I chose. Coconut cake. An outrageous coconut cake. You think this is big enough  for four of us? Oh, my God.  This looks so amazing. I mean,  what guy wouldn't want this? Wow. That looks just fantastic.  All right. That's dessert. I'm going back  to the beginning of the meal, and I've made chili corn chips. You can fry them  when your guests are there, but I made them in advance. I'm gonna reheat them  in the oven. First, I cut 6-inch  round tortillas in quarters, and then I fried them  in 6 cups of peanut oil heated to 380 degrees. It's almost smoking-hot. They seem large, but they'll  come out a perfect size. And here's a tip --  cook them in small batches. Don't crowd the pan  so they cook really evenly. Each batch  takes 2 or 3 minutes to cook, and I just turn them once  so they brown evenly. When they're ready,  I just take them out with a flat,  wire strainer or tongs. They work just fine. Place them on a sheet pan  lined with paper towels, and keep cooking the chips in batches until they're all fried. I use 10 tortillas total. So, in the meantime,  I'm gonna make the spice mix. It's just a matter of mixing up  1 tablespoon of salt, 1/4 teaspoon  of chipotle chili powder, 1/4 teaspoon of chili powder, and 1/4 teaspoon  of ground cumin. It just gets sprinkled over the  chips while they're still hot. They're so good. I'm just gonna take  the paper out... ...and reheat  the chili tortilla chips. 350-degree oven  for just about 4 minutes, and they'll be really warm  and crisp. Time to check the filet.  It smells fantastic. Whoa. I want it to be  just 130 degrees internally. Let me just check. You know, a lot of people  test the filet like this, but it's so much more accurate  to do it through the end. So, you make sure  you really get the middle. Let me just see. And it is -- bingo --  130 degrees exactly. So, I'm gonna cover it with foil and just let it rest  for 20 minutes. Makes such a difference. All the juices  get back into the meat. It comes out so much better. There. Okay. One more thing. I'm gonna turn the temperature  up to 400 degrees, and the Brussels sprouts  and pancetta go in to roast for about 20-30 minutes, until they're crisp and browned. I actually think this is  gonna be a really nice dinner. Next, it's drinks  with the card sharks. Then pulling the meal together,  slicing that fabulous filet, and dinner served. [ Chuckles ]  Cheers. Cheers. Cheers! I'm so happy to see you!  It's been a long time! I know. And I made  chili tortilla chips. Are they spicy? Yeah,  they're a little spicy. They have chili in them. Have a seat. I hope  you like my new library. I do. It's beautiful.  Thank you. Okay, I have to  put dinner together. Can you have fun  for a few minutes? Absolutely. You bet we can. Without me?  I don't think so. Okay, Mark,  you're in charge of the chips. How's that? That's dangerous. Okay. Talk among yourselves. Okay. Jack? Don't those look good? Well, I'm having fun. My friends are here for dinner  and a game of bridge -- my idea of a great night. So I've got a game plan  for dinner, and it's working perfectly. So, first,  I'm gonna slice the meat. Filet of beef. It's done  exactly the way I like it. So, what I'm gonna do  is take the strings off. Nobody needs to eat string. You can really  smell the tarragon. It's wonderful. All the pepper and salt. MAN:  Are we gonna play? [ Laughter ] That's why we're here. So, all you really need for this is a nice, sharp knife. And see how perfectly  it's cooked? It's just the way I wanted it. I think  since it's only four of us, I'll put the whole thing  on the platter, but I'm definitely not  gonna carve the whole thing. Put the slices on next. That's why  a good, long knife is good. Fabulous. Brussels sprouts are done. They smell fantastic. But I have one last thing  to put on them -- good balsamic vinegar. About a tablespoon. I'm just gonna drizzle it  over the top. See how thick  and just wonderful it is? If you can't find the  really thick balsamic vinegar, you can actually  just take regular balsamic and just boil it until it gets  a little bit thick and syrupy. Okay. Nice, crispy Brussels sprouts  and salty pancetta, and the balsamic vinegar. Whoa! This is great. Into a bowl. [ Laughter in distance ] It sounds like they're having  a really good time in there. And finally,  the truffled mashed potatoes. Mmm. They smell amazing.  They're a little bit thick. I'm gonna add a little bit  of cream to them, a little half-and-half. If you have to add a lot,  you want to heat it up, but just a little splash, you can just do it  at room temperature. How great is that? Okay. I'm just gonna pile this high  in this bowl. And I would say my game plan  worked perfectly. Everything's ready  at exactly the same time. So, this is  my slow-roasted filet of beef. Oh. It's cooked slowly? It's actually very rare  all the way through. Uh-huh. A little Parmesan basil  mayonnaise? Absolutely. With your filet of beef?  Yeah. It looks like guacamole. [ Laughter ] So, a little truffled  mashed potatoes? Truffled mashed potatoes?  Yeah. Yum.  I think so. Yes. Thank you. Those look delicious. They smell great. INA:  So, Brussels sprouts. They're roasted with pancetta  and balsamic vinegar. Perfect. I love these. Well,  I hope everybody loves dinner. Thank you  for having us. Eat fast so we can play bridge. Yeah.  [ Laughter ] The potatoes  taste so good. You really taste  the truffle butter, don't you? I like that there's a crunch to them. Yeah, I do, too.  Anybody ready for dessert? Mmm. Me. I have the biggest dessert  you've ever seen. Oh, my goodness.  So, it's a coconut cake. Oh, my goodness! Wow.  [ Laughter ] You think it's big enough?  It's from Sag Harbor Bakery. We can each  get a quarter. Oh, my God. I think one slice would be good  for all four of us. I was gonna say,  what are you guys having? [ Laughter ] Part of my game plan is you  don't make everything yourself, as long  as it's really delicious. Ooh.  Oh, my goodness. How's that look?  Does that look good? Nice slicing,  Ina. Whoa. Did I do good? It's the finger part  that's really special, right? Four layers.  Is it good? Mm-hmm.  Excellent. Ina, this is delicious.  I don't know how you did it. [ Laughter ] Thank you. Well, it turns out,  a game plan is the difference. All right,  enough with cake. Let's play bridge.  Yay. [ Laughter ] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 