Barefoot Contessa: Season 21, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barefoot Contessa 
 s21e5 - Best of Barefoot: Cheese - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barefoot Contessa (2002–…): Season 21, Episode 5 - Best of Barefoot: Cheese - full transcript 
 Ina shares her favorite cheese recipes, including a spinach-and-cheddar soufflé; the ultimate grilled cheese; speedy cheese canapés; a dish called "straw and hay pasta; baked Brie and baked Fontina. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Ina Garten,  the Barefoot Contessa. I'm having a party,  and you're invited. Surprise! Happy birthday! Let the celebrations begin. It's my friend's birthday,  and it's time to celebrate with an incredible  moveable feast onboard her boat for a star-light cruise  around Manhattan. How great is that? Jeffrey and I  are taking dinner as her gift. I'm making a wonderful  hot-smoked salmon 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 with a fresh dill sauce. Jeffrey's bringing salads from our friend  Eli Zabar's store, E.A.T. Then there's  a birthday surprise -- a carrot cake with ginger-mascarpone frosting. Wherever you go, wherever  you want to have a party, this is the formula  for dinner to go, and it's gonna be  one heck of a celebration. To Jane!  Yay! -- Captions by VITAC -- Closed Captions provided by  Scripps Networks, LLC. When my friend Jane Hoffman  invited us for a birthday dinner  on her boat, I thought, "I know exactly  what I'm gonna bring 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 for her birthday present --  dinner." I've got two pounds of king  salmon -- it's wild salmon. I think it has a little  more flavor, but you can  use any kind of salmon. I'm making hot-smoked salmon  for the main course. It's not only delicious  and a real celebration, but it's very transportable  for a boat. So, I'm gonna make a marinade  for it that goes on the top. So, that's 1/4 cup  of granulated sugar. I need 1/4 cup  of dark brown sugar. The molasses  in the dark brown sugar really helps it caramelize  when it cooks. I need 2 tablespoons of salt. 1 tablespoon of  coarsely-ground black pepper. And next is a tablespoon  of lemon zest -- gives it lots of flavor. So, what I'm doing is,  I'm making a rub, basically, that goes on the top of it. I'm putting it  on the night before so it really  gets into the salmon. And then tomorrow,  I'm gonna hot-smoke it. Basically, what that is, is it gives it the flavor  of smoked salmon, but it's still so moist  like poached salmon. Okay, that should be  about a tablespoon. Right into the marinade. So, I'm just gonna mix this up  with my fingers and then put it right on top. What I've done is,  cut a two-pound piece of salmon into six pieces. It's easier to cut it now than  it is later, after it's cooked. And what's gonna happen is, the salt and the sugar and lemon are gonna get into the salmon, and it's gonna also  extract some of the juices, so it's gonna make a marinade. I'm so looking forward  to tomorrow night. I think what we're gonna do is,  take the boat down the Hudson River  to the Statue of Liberty, and then come all the way around  and come back up in Manhattan with the lights twinkling  at night. It's so gorgeous. I'm just gonna put it in a dish  and put it in the refrigerator, and that's all I have to do  tonight. Everything else is tomorrow. So, tonight, we're having  a birthday celebration, and of course, you have to  have a birthday cake. Everybody loves carrot cake  for birthday cake, and I thought, "I'm gonna  really turn up the volume." Instead of just plain  cream-cheese frosting, I'm gonna add mascarpone to it. And in the carrot cake itself, I'm putting in crystallized  ginger to give it great heat. It's gonna be  a really fabulous carrot cake. Okay, so I have  a pound of carrots. Now the batter --  I need 2 cups of sugar... 1 1/3 cups of vegetable oil... three eggs. I use extra-large eggs  for everything. And room-temperature eggs  are really important -- so they mix  into the batter well. That goes in. And 1 teaspoon  of pure vanilla extract. Okay, I'm just gonna mix this  for two minutes until the batter is light-yellow  in color and quite thick. Okay, now the dry ingredients. So, it's just 2 cups of flour... 2 teaspoons  of ground cinnamon... 2 teaspoons of baking soda... and 1 1/2 teaspoons  of kosher salt. And then they just get sifted  together, just to be sure  there aren't any lumps. Okay, now I'm gonna put  the dry ingredients into the wet ingredients. Just turn this on low and just very slowly  mix them in. If you put them in too fast, the flour can get  all clumped together. Nobody wants clumped flour  in their cake. This actually  smells good already. The cinnamon and vanilla --  two of my favorite flavors. Okay.  Now for the good stuff. So, I'm gonna mix together the  pound of carrots that I grated. Carrot cake's really easy  to make, and I love it. Cup of chopped walnuts. Cup of raisins. If you love raisins,  you can add more. And then 1/4 cup  of crystallized ginger. It's also in the frosting, but it's nice  if it's in the cake, too. Crystallized ginger is really  hot and sweet at the same time, and I just thought with carrots  and raisins and walnuts, I thought it would be  just great in it. I think Jane's  gonna love this cake. Okay, that should be  about 1/4 cup. If you like it hotter,  you can always add more. Then I'm just gonna add  about a tablespoon of flour, and that's just gonna  keep it from sinking to  the bottom of the cake. You don't want all the carrots  and raisins in the bottom. You want them sort of suspended  in the cake batter. Okay. All mixed together. Now it's time to put it  into the batter. Just clean  the beater off. There's a lot of batter  on the beater. And just to make sure  it's really well mixed, I always scrape  the bottom of the bowl. Okay, now I'm gonna add  all these ingredients. There's, like, more carrots  than there is batter, which is why  it's such a good carrot cake. And just fold it in  with the spatula until it's really well mixed. Oh, my goodness,  does this look good. Okay. I've greased and floured  two 9-inch pans. And, actually, I've lined them  also with parchment paper, 'cause, as I've often said, there's no point in making  a cake if you can't get it  out of the pan. I'm just gonna pour this  into the two pans. You want to divide  the batter evenly so the cakes cook exactly the same amount of time. It's all one cake at the end, but I want to be able  to frost the middle. So, it looks like there's  a little more in this one, so I'm just gonna transfer it. If you want to be exact, you  can always use a little scale. Okay.  Into the oven -- 400 degrees for 10 minutes, then I'm gonna lower  the temperature to 350 and bake them  for 30 to 35 minutes until a toothpick  comes out clean. Next, amazing mascarpone  frosting for the cake. Then I'm smoking the salmon, whipping up  the fresh dill sauce, and heading to the city  to say "Happy Birthday" to Jane with  a delicious moveable feast. Yay! Every birthday party  needs a birthday cake, so I thought  Jane would love a carrot cake with mascarpone frosting. The cakes have cooled,  and I've made the frosting. Let me show you how I make it. First, 12 ounces of  room-temperature mascarpone with 4 ounces of  room-temperature cream cheese, 2 cups of  sifted confectioner's sugar, 2 tablespoons of heavy cream, 1/2 teaspoon  of pure vanilla extract, and I just beat it  for about a minute until it's light and fluffy. Then 1/3 of a cup of  minced, crystallized ginger -- not the kind in syrup, the dry  kind, just like in the batter. And 1/4 of a teaspoon  of kosher salt, and just beat it  for about 30 seconds. Mmm.  Time to frost the carrot cake. So, I'm gonna take one layer and put it  right on my disk... very carefully. It fits perfectly. So, it's a 9-inch cake,  and I have a 10-inch disk. And this cake  is a little different. What I've done is, instead of frosting  the whole thing -- sometimes  kind of makes a mess -- I'm gonna frost  the middle and the top, and then you can  really see the carrot cake through the whole thing --  And it certainly is easier. And you don't go all the way  to the edge because when  the second layer goes on, it's gonna push it out  a little bit. Mmm.  It's looking good. Okay, and then the second layer. If you want a cake  with a perfectly flat top, you can actually flip this over,  because the underside is flat. But I want it to look  old-fashioned like a carrot cake --  little rounded top. See how great it looks with the frosting sort  of peeking out in the middle? And then the rest  of the frosting on the top. And just frost the top. Mmm! And then, because I want everybody to know that there's ginger in it, I have a little extra  crystallized ginger to just sprinkle on the top. This is gonna be perfect for  the birthday dinner tonight -- little cruise around Manhattan. You won't believe  how beautiful this boat is. The boat is a 75-foot  motor yacht called Justice. It was built in the 1930s  for high-speed luxury, and a guy used it  for a one-hour commute from Connecticut to Wall Street. He'd have breakfast and a shower  on the way to the city and cocktails on the way home. Back then, there were two  or three dozen commuter boats making that trip,  but there are very few left. The captain is Bryan Akers and his wife, Cori,  as the first mate. They keep the boat ship-shape, and they're very busy  getting ready before a cruise. I was so excited when Jane  and Michael dreamt up the idea of a birthday cruise  down the Hudson. Looks like we're gonna have  a really good sunset tonight. It'll be fun to have  Ina and Jeffrey down. So, I'm ready to cook  the hot-smoked salmon. So, I've got hot coals. It's a little bit of a process,  but it's really worth doing. It makes  incredibly delicious salmon. So, I'm gonna have one layer  of coals -- very hot coals. So, I've got hot coals  on the grill. And I've soaked wood chips --  these are mesquite, but you can use oak,  whatever you like -- on one half of it,  and you're gonna see, they're gonna start to smoke,  but just on one half. And then I'm gonna take  a foil pan and put it on the other side  of the grill. A little bit of a process,  but it's really worth it. I'm gonna put a little water  in the pan... and then the grill goes on top. And what this is about is, the chips create smoke  to make the hot-smoked salmon, but I'm gonna put the fish  directly over the pan, and, so, anything that drips  into the fire isn't gonna flare up and  incinerate my gorgeous salmon. So, I've got the salmon that's  been marinating overnight. I'm just gonna take a little bit  of the marinade off the top. A little bit of salt. Then I'm just gonna put it  on the grill right over the grill pan. I've got six pieces.  It should be perfect. This is perfect  portable food because it actually  tastes better served  at room temperature. It's gonna be wonderful  with the fresh dill sauce. That's gonna cook  for about 10 minutes, then I'm gonna come back  and check on it, cook it for another 5. Looking good! Next, it's fresh dill sauce to go with the fabulous  hot-smoked salmon. Then, I'm packing up  my birthday-gift dinner for an unforgettable cruise  around Manhattan. - Happy birthday! - Thank you! My friend Jane and her  husband, Michael, have  an incredible boat, and they've invited us  for a birthday dinner, so I offered to bring dinner --  That's the birthday present. To go with  the hot-smoked salmon, I'm making fresh dill sauce,  which is great with it. This is a team effort. I'm making  the salmon and dessert, and Jeffrey's getting  salads in the city. So, I need 1/2 cup  of mayonnaise. This is a really easy sauce to make -- no cooking, my favorite. 1/2 cup of sour cream. What did we used to do  before we had food processors? I can't even imagine. 1/2 cup of yogurt. This gives it  a really nice, complex flavor. 2 tablespoons of  room-temperature cream cheese. It's really important  that it's room temperature. Otherwise, it'll never mix in. 1/2 cup of scallions. I'm just gonna give it  a rough chop 'cause I'm gonna puree them  in the food processor. This is gonna give it  lots of onion flavor. This has nice herbs in it. It's got dill, parsley,  and lots of scallions. Okay, big, rough chop. Right into the food processor. 1/2 cup of chopped fresh dill. I just run my knife  right along the stems. Okay, that should be  about 1/2 cup. Right in. And about 1/4 cup  of fresh parsley. I use flat-leaf parsley. You can use whatever you have  around the house. Just big, rough chop. This is a really complex,  herby flavor, which is nice. It'll be great  with the hot-smoked salmon. It's just smoking away outside. Okay, into the food processor. 1 teaspoon of grated lemon zest. That really is where all the flavor is in this. So, it's about one lemon. I want the sauce  to have so much flavor so it really stands up  to the hot-smoked salmon. Okay, that's the zest. Now I'm gonna put in  2 tablespoons of freshly-squeezed  lemon juice. My little strainer. I don't want to be  pureeing seeds into this. Yikes! This is really basically  a classic herb sauce, so you can use it  for anything -- any kind of fish,  for vegetables, for crudités. It's really good.  It's got lots of flavor. Okay, 2 teaspoons of salt. 1 teaspoon of pepper. And just puree it. Okay, I've got  one more thing to put in that's gonna be really fresh,  and it's cucumber. So, I'm just gonna  grate a cucumber. I'm using a hothouse cucumber. I know it says it doesn't  have seeds, but, you know, it really does, just a few,  so I'm gonna take them out. Box grater. I'm just gonna cut it in half. It's twice as fast. Just need 1 cup  of grated cucumber to go in. The captain and his wife  are getting the boat ready for us to set sail at sunset. Such a gorgeous time of day  to sail down the Hudson, and I love to see New York  that way. I think today,  we're gonna have a great time. Good weather, great people. This is gonna be amazing. Okay, I've got about  a cup of grated cucumber -- that's exactly what I need --  goes right in. I'm just gonna pulse it  just to mix it in. Okay, that's all mixed in now --  Just taste it and make sure the flavors  are really well balanced. Mmm, I love the way this looks. Mmm. You taste everything --  the yogurt and the sour cream, the dill, the scallions. It's gonna be so good  with the hot-smoked salmon. Have sauce, will travel. Next, I'm getting the hot-smoked  salmon off the grill, then it's a moveable feast  with wonderful friends watching the New York City skyline go by. I'm making hot-smoked salmon  for a birthday dinner, but this  is no ordinary birthday dinner. We're taking a sunset cruise  down the Hudson and around  the Statue of Liberty. It's gonna be amazing. So, the salmon's been cooking. I just need to add  more wood chips to the coals just to make sure  it keeps smoking. It's gonna be moist  and delicious. So, I'm just gonna put it  right in the grill. You can see it really start  to smoke right away. Put the lid back on  for about 5 to 10 minutes. I want to just undercook it  so it's really moist. Okay, while I'm cooking, the  captain and his wife are there setting up the entire boat  for a party. Oh, these orange Ranunculus  are so beautiful. I believe those  are Ina's favorite colors. We're really looking forward  to doing this today. This is gonna be a lot of fun. So, I think  the hot-smoked salmon's done. I'm just gonna test. Whoa, does that look good. Perfect -- I want it a little bit underdone 'cause I want it, really,  to rest on the plate. It's gonna keep cooking  a little bit. So, when I was thinking about  making a moveable feast, I thought there are  sort of three things I  wanted to keep in mind. One is that I wanted it  to travel well, be okay after an hour or two  in the car. Second one is that it be served  at room temperature -- makes it really easy. And the last thing is,  I really want food that just goes straight  onto the serving platter -- not a lot of fiddling  around at the last minute. Okay, I'm gonna pack up  the food, and then I'm gonna head  to the city. Jeffrey's picking up some salads  to go with it. This is my kind of party. - Hi, babe. - Hi! How you doing? Mwah! Isn't this great?  What a great night we got. It is gonna be  fantastic. - Hi, guys. - Hey. So good to see you! Hey,  good to see you. Let me take  that for you. I'm not gonna fall  in the drink?  No. Brought all kinds  of goodies. Thank you. Oh, this  is gonna be great. This is  gonna be fun. - Hi, Cori. - Hi! I brought dinner  for everybody. That's  the salmon...  All right. ...and this  is the dill sauce...  Okay. ...and I brought salads  from E.A.T. Okay, I'll plate it all up. Thank you so much.  Okay. She's the best. Isn't that amazing? And the best part is, you guys are here. No,  that's not the best part. The best part --  you guys are here. Oh.  This is heaven. This is beyond heaven.  Beyond heaven. Hi, Cori.  Hi. Here's your salmon. You did that  beautifully.  Thank you. So, it's salmon that has the texture  of poached salmon, but it's  hot-smoked. Oh, that  sounds incredible! So, I hope  you like it. Oh, it's gonna be  delicious. I have the lovely  dill sauce.  Oh, good. Did you  make it?  No. But I tasted it.  It was delicious.  Thank you. Look at these salads --  they look terrific! When you're on the water,  everything tastes better. It really does.  How amazing. Very tasty. Very, very tasty.  Thank you. Mmm.  It's delicious!  Oh, good. Fantastic! Oh, there's  The New Yorker sign! Do you see it? Oh, yeah!  There's The New Yorker sign! Is it a hotel?  No, it's  for the magazine. Happy birthday,  Jane. Oh, it looks  beautiful! Thank you!  That's all  for you. I'm so excited! Yay! Oh, my God!  Look, guys! Look!  Look!  Statue of Liberty. Whoa! Okay, now we do have it. There we go. Yay!  Yay! Cheers! Yay!  To Jane!  Cheers! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 