Barefoot Contessa: Season 19, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barefoot Contessa 
 s19e9 - Cooking with Michael Symon - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barefoot Contessa (2002–…): Season 19, Episode 9 - Cooking with Michael Symon - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm the Barefoot Contessa, and I'm planning  a birthday surprise for a dear friend. It's a dinner with all the things she loves -- a fabulous Italian Seafood Salad and a towering pile of delicious  German chocolate cupcakes with amazing coconut frosting,  complete with birthday candles. I'm getting a wonderful  cheese board in a gift box to complete the menu, and my friend Michael,  the florist -- He's doing some amazing flowers. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Here's the twist --  We're going undercover. We're taking it to her place, so dinner's ready for the family when she gets back  from her day out. No one needs to cook  on their birthday, right? -- Captions by VITAC -- Closed Captions provided by  Scripps Networks, LLC. My friend Dwyer loves seafood, and I thought, "I'm gonna make  an Italian Seafood Salad." This is no ordinary  seafood salad. Instead of mayonnaise,  like American seafood salads, this has lemon and garlic  and it's just gorgeous. So, the first thing  that I need to do is poach the seafood. So, I've got 3 quarts of water, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and I'm just gonna  put in 1 tablespoon of seafood seasoning. 1 tablespoon of salt. This actually helps the seafood  get a lot of flavor while it's cooking  because it cooks really fast. So, here's what I've got. I've got shrimp, mussels, scallops, and calamari, and because each of them  cooks slightly differently, I'm gonna cook them in batches. First, the shrimp. So, I have 1 1/2 pounds  of shrimp, and what I did  was I asked the seafood shop to clean them,  but to leave the tails on. I just think  it looks more special. So, into the water, and those are gonna cook  for just three minutes. Next is sea scallops. What I'm gonna do is cut the  sea scallops in half crosswise. I'll show you how I do it. If you use bay scallops, you can just put them in  without cutting them. These are  beautiful sea scallops. You can really put any kind  of seafood in a seafood salad that you like, but I just think  this is a perfect combination. When Jeffrey and I go to Milan,  they have -- Every store has a seafood salad  like this, which is why I'm calling it  Italian Seafood Salad. It looks so fresh and it just looks  like it's gonna be delicious. I have about a pound  of sea scallops. Okay, the shrimp should be done,  and this is a great tool. It's a skimmer. It's great for taking seafood  out of a pot of boiling water. And see, the shrimp  are nice and pink and perfect. Okay, I'm gonna  put them in a big bowl, and I've actually  used a strainer 'cause I want them to drain. They're gonna have great flavor because of the seafood seasoning  and the salt. I'm gonna drain off  all but about 2 cups  of the seafood stock. Then I'm gonna add some wine  and cook more seafood. That should be about 2 cups. Okay, next I need 1 1/2 cups  of white wine. I'm just gonna mix it with  the 2 cups of seafood stock, and this is gonna give it  lots of flavor. Okay.  I use a Pinot Grigio. I'm just gonna  put in the scallops. Remember that's 1 pound  of scallops. And then because the calamari  cooks exactly the same time, I'm gonna put that in together  with the scallops. So, I've got 1 pound  of cleaned calamari, and I actually  asked the seafood shop to cut it about 1/2 inch thick  just like that. I'm gonna put it in  with the scallops, and they cook for 2 to 3 minutes just until the calamari  and scallops are just done. You really don't want  to overcook them, 'cause seafood gets very tough. This is a great salad for Dwyer, because it can be eaten cold  or at room temperature. It'll be ready whenever  she wants to have dinner. This surprise  is really a team effort. Michael's gonna do the flowers.  I'm gonna do the food. This is great. So I think these are done, so I'm just gonna  put it right into the bowl with the shrimp and let it drain. The reason  why I'm letting it drain is because  when I put the vinaigrette on, I don't want it to get mixed  with a lot of liquid. I want it to be really absorbed  into the seafood. So, the last thing  I'm putting in is mussels, and fortunately, my seafood shop  has cleaned mussels, but if they're not cleaned, you want to take off  those little beards, and you want to soak them  in a big bowl of water, a little bit of flour, and what they do is disgorge  any sand that's in them for, you know,  like a half an hour or so. But happily, these are clean. So, I'm just gonna put in  2 pounds of mussels. So, lid on, and they're gonna  steam for about 4 to 5 minutes. They're gonna be open  and gorgeous, and in the meantime,  I'm gonna make the dressing. I've got 1/2 cup of olive oil  that I've heated a little bit. You don't want it too hot  'cause I'm putting garlic in, and it'll burn really fast. So, 4 cloves of garlic -- It's about 4 teaspoons -- and just put it in  really quickly, just for about a minute. Just swirl it around. Then I'm gonna add  lots of other flavors. Mmm. Does that smell good. So, the next ingredients -- 2 teaspoons of dried oregano brings real Italian flavor  into the salad. Then 1/2 teaspoon  of crushed red-pepper flakes give it a little heat, and they cook for just a minute. Again, be sure  not to overcook this 'cause the garlic  will be bitter, and you want it really fragrant. Okay, next the tomatoes. These are three plum tomatoes  that I de-seeded, removed the pulp,  and then diced. When they've cooked  for about 2 minutes, I'm gonna add 1/2 cup  of the poaching liquid from the seafood pot. The next ingredient in  the dressing is a surprise one. It's limoncello. Just 1/3 cup of limoncello. It's an Italian liqueur. Then the zest of a lemon, 1/4 cup of freshly squeezed  lemon juice, 1 tablespoon of salt,  and 1 teaspoon of pepper. Mmm. Dressing's done. It smells amazing. This is gonna be  a really fun surprise party, and I'm sure she has no idea. Next, I'm finishing  the Italian Seafood Salad. I'm baking some delicious German  chocolate cupcakes for Dwyer. There's an entire cheese course  in a gift box to pick up, and Michael's saying  "happy birthday" with flowers. It's my friend Dwyer's birthday,  and I thought, "What does everyone want  for their birthday?" They want to not make dinner  for their family. Dwyer's in the city,  and when she gets back, dinner's gonna be waiting  for her in their fridge for her family. She's gonna love it. So, the first thing  that I'm making is an Italian Seafood Salad, which is seafood salad  with the volume turned up. The mussels have cooked  and they've cooled, and I'm just taking them  right out of their shells. I'll show you  the easiest way to do it is take one shell  that you've peeled off and use it to take the mussel  out of the other shell. How cool is that? Okay.  Time to assemble the salad. I've drained the seafood so it doesn't  dilute the dressing. And now the dressing. All those great flavors --  garlic and lemon. I'm gonna pour it  right over the seafood. You want the seafood  a little warm and you want the dressing  a little warm so they absorb really well. I'm just gonna give it  a big stir just to meld all the scallops  and shrimp and calamari. Mmm. It's very Italian. It smells so good. Next I have fennel, and I think I'll use  this whole fennel bulb. This is gonna be one big salad. They're gonna be eating it  for days. Okay, next is parsley, but instead of chopping it up  really finely, what I like to do  is take Italian parsley -- Of course,  it's an Italian salad -- and just pull the leaves off. and I've got here about 1/2 cup  of Italian parsley leaves. I think it looks fantastic  in the salad, so right into the salad. Next is 2 lemons. I'm gonna slice one, and  I'm gonna juice the other one. I think it's really nice when  you have lemon in the salad -- actually,  to make it look like lemon, and then when somebody  looks at the salad, they know it's lemon, which is really important. What the salad looks like has a lot to do  with what it tastes like. And the next lemon,  I'm just gonna squeeze into it. It'll just give it  a really fresh lemon flavor. I use a little sieve, 'cause nobody wants  to bite into a lemon seed. Thing about putting lemon  in at the last minute is you really get a fresh  lemon flavor to it. Okay. Next is all the shelled mussels  that I have, and remember,  I'm putting them in at the end 'cause they're really delicate. I don't want them  to get mushed up. And then I have  one more thing to put in. I've held back some  of the mussels in the shells just because  I think it looks so great to have just a few mussel shells  in the salad. Mussels are so small  they actually kind of get lost, not in flavor,  but in the look of them. You just want to know  exactly what you're eating. And finally,  just 2 teaspoons of salt -- Make sure  it's really well-seasoned -- and 1 teaspoon of pepper. And the nice thing  about this salad is it's gonna get even better as it sits  in Dwyer's refrigerator. It's fantastic. Wow.  Look how gorgeous this looks. It's so much fun to do a stealth mission  with a friend. So, Michael's in his shop  right now, doing I have no idea what, but gorgeous arrangements,  I'm sure. Dwyer has no idea  what Ina and I are up to. So, I thought two arrangements. The first one,  right by the door, and I'm going to use  quince and Viburnum. First step is to cut and scrape. It's good to scrape  any woody stem. This allows water  to get to the head, which will make the flower  last longer. This is a tall,  dramatic arrangement. The quince adds height.  It's great. The Viburnum  kind of softens the edge and brings some color  down to the bottom. It's a really simple  and formal arrangement. So, the front-hall  arrangement's done. I think when she walks in, she's gonna know something's up. Okay, into a big bowl, ready to take over  to Dwyer's later. I'm just gonna  pour the whole thing in. Look how gorgeous this looks. You need a really big bowl. Okay. Into the fridge. And I'm going shopping for another birthday present  for Dwyer that's gonna be so perfect  with this dinner. I'm headed to Sag Harbor  right now to Cavaniola's. I've ordered a gift basket  for her for her birthday. You have to have a present. And this one's  gonna do double duty as the cheese course  for her dinner. How fun is that? Tracy Cavaniola  packs up these amazing gifts, and I asked her to pull together  a cheese board in a box. Three cheeses always seems  like the right number. First,  a whole wheel of Le Tremblay. It's a soft, buttery cheese,  just like Brie. Then something different,  maybe a blue cheese, something sharp and strong,  like Stilton, and third, a goat cheese. It's rich. It's creamy.  It's tangy. It's a great combination. Then some colorful fruit. I always think cheese and  crackers are a little boring because they're white,  they're brown, nothing with great color. So I always like to put in fruit, dried fruit, nuts,  maybe dried apricots. And finally, some rustic  rosemary, olive oil crackers. I love the way  they pack up the boxes -- everything  wrapped in craft paper, tied up with twine  and fresh herbs. It makes it so special. Hi, Ina.  Hi, Tracy. I have that gift basket  ready for you. You make the most gorgeous  gift baskets. Wow.  Thank you. Isn't this fabulous? Dwyer's gonna love this. Thank you so much,  Tracy.  You're welcome. Next I'm baking,  for the birthday, fabulous  German chocolate cupcakes with incredible caramel  and coconut frosting. Michael's got  the birthday flowers covered, and then it's time  for a little covert action. It's my friend Dwyer's birthday, and I'm surprising her  with dinner. You can't have a birthday dinner  without a birthday cake, but I thought, "Wouldn't it be  more fun to have cupcakes?" So, I'm making  German chocolate cupcakes. So, I've creamed the butter  and sugar. Let me tell you what's in here. It's 12 tablespoons  of unsalted butter at room temperature --  It's really important -- with 2/3 cup  of granulated sugar and the same amount of light  brown sugar lightly packed. Next is 2 eggs. They should be  at room temperature, and I always do it into a bowl  just in case you get a bad egg. You don't want  to ruin the whole mixture. Okay. And then just add the eggs  one at a time, just to allow it  to mix in really well. Perfect. Next the vanilla --  2 teaspoons. So, German chocolate cake is a very rich,  flavorful chocolate cupcake, and it has a topping that's caramel and coconut  and almonds. Okay, next  is the wet and dry ingredients. I'm gonna add them alternately.  First, the wet ingredients. Let me show you how I made it. It's a cup  of room-temperature buttermilk with 1/2 cup of sour cream,  also at room temperature, whisked together with 2 tablespoons  of freshly brewed coffee. And then the dry ingredients. And do a third at a time  just like the wet ingredients. So, let me tell you  what's in this bowl. Now, this is just 1 3/4 cups  of all-purpose flour, sifted together with a cup  of unsweetened cocoa powder, 1 1/2 teaspoons of baking soda, and 1/2 teaspoon of kosher salt. Okay, next  a third of the wet ingredients. Remember, this is buttermilk  and sour cream and a little bit of coffee. And the coffee's gonna make  the chocolate taste wonderful. And then a third  of the dry ingredients. I can't wait to bring these over  to my friend Dwyer's house. She's gonna be so surprised -- and particularly that Michael's  there doing the flowers. Now, who wouldn't want that  for their birthday? And the last of the dry. I do this in thirds because if you put  all the wet ingredients or all the dry ingredients  in first, you end up  with a really dense mixture, and I want these  to be light and moist. Okay, and then the last thing is just mix it all  with a spatula, just to make sure the bottom  is really well-mixed. Now, how good does this look? Wow. It smells fantastic. The coffee really makes  the chocolate smell good. It's gonna taste good, too. Okay, just a big mix. You want every single cupcake to have exactly  the same ingredients in it. Okay, this is perfect. Now I'm gonna  scoop the cupcakes, and the easiest way to make every cupcake  exactly the same -- ice-cream scoop. Ina's making cupcakes. She's setting them up  in the kitchen, so I thought  the second birthday arrangement should go next to them. I'm using three flowers -- white tulips, lilac,  and Forsythia. So, into the oven, 350  degrees, for 20 to 25 minutes, and the house is gonna smell  like chocolate. And the last is the lilac, which I've cut a little shorter, and it's going to fill in  the rest of the arrangement. So, the best part  of German chocolate cupcakes is the frosting. It's a caramel frosting, and it's just filled with coconut, pecans,  and almonds. First, I'm gonna make  the caramel. So, I start  with 12 tablespoons of butter. Okay, you can't make frosting  without butter. 1 1/4 cups of brown sugar. I use light brown sugar. So, I'm gonna melt the butter and then just cook the sugar  and the butter together for about 15 minutes. It's gonna make  a really good caramel base. You know, I think people think  that German chocolate cupcakes, or German chocolate cake,  is actually a German thing, but in fact,  it was originally invented to be used  with German-brand chocolate. So, it's an American thing. Who knew? Okay, next is 12 ounces  of evaporated milk. Just pour it right in. Just be sure you don't get  sweet and condensed milk. They look the same,  but they're totally different. And four egg yolks. Just pour them right in. And I'm gonna cook this together  for about 15 minutes, and it's gonna be a caramel base  for the cupcake frosting. So, just stir this constantly,  almost constantly, for about 15 minutes  until it's slightly thickened. If it starts to curdle,  don't worry about it. Just get a whisk  and whisk it hard, and it's gonna be  a delicious caramel base for the cupcake frosting. I can't wait. Next, I'm finishing the frosting and piling it high  onto the cupcakes. Then it's time  to head to Dwyer's to drop off the food  and the flowers, ready for her big  birthday surprise. It's my friend Dwyer's birthday, and what I'm doing  is surprising her with dinner for her family. Can't have a birthday  without cupcakes, so I made  German chocolate cupcakes. The cupcakes are done. Now I have to finish  the frosting. So, the frosting  for German chocolate cupcakes starts with caramel, and that's exactly  what I have here. It's been cooking  for about 15 minutes. So, off the heat. I'm gonna add  a few delicious things to it. First, vanilla --  teaspoon of good vanilla. My favorite flavor. And I add a little bit  of almond extract because it really  enhances the almonds that I'm gonna put in later --  about 1/2 teaspoon. Next  the sweetened flaked coconut. It's about 2 cups. Mmm. And some toasted almonds. I've about a cup of almonds  that I toasted -- about 375  for about 5 to 10 minutes -- until they're nice and browned,  just lightly browned. You want to keep an eye on them. That's about a cup. I'm just gonna put them  right in. So, these are really chunky. They've got lots of texture  with the caramel base and lots of nuts and coconut. And next is pecans --  about a cup of pecans or, if you say, pe-cans. And just give them  a big, rough chop. You don't want little, tiny,  little pieces. You really want  to see the pecans in it. So, I have a partner in crime  in this surprise. My friend Michael is a florist, and he's gonna do  incredible flowers. I don't know what he's up to, but he's headed over there  just about now. I'm in. I feel like  the undercover florist. I'm just gonna fix these. Now, onto the kitchen flowers. Pecans are all chopped up, and they just go right into the cupcake frosting. And I put a little --  just a touch of salt, maybe like 1/4 teaspoon in, just makes everything  taste better. And just stir that all together, and I'm gonna let this sit  for a little while, and it's gonna get really thick  and delicious, and then I can frost  the cupcakes when they're cool. Now, I ask you,  does that look terrible? So, now it's time  for the kitchen arrangement. I just need to cut these stems before putting them  back in water. Secret flower arranging is fun. So, the cupcakes have cooled,  and the frosting has cooled. Just frost the top, and since I think cupcakes  are a frosting-delivery system, you want to make sure  you put lots on. Doesn't this look fantastic? I love the contrast of colors  and flavors -- the chocolate with caramel,  pecans, coconut. Ooh, this looks crazy good. I'm just gonna pack them up,  and I'm ready to go. You think we should have a new career in the CIA?  Yes. I can't believe we got in and out of there with nobody knowing. Think she'll be surprised? I think so. I think so, too. That was so much fun. Oh, my gosh. These are beautiful. Who knew  it was my birthday? Oh, my gosh. Look at these flowers and these cupcakes  with candles. Oh, my gosh. Look at this. "Happy birthday, Dwyer.  Love, Ina and Michael." This is so beautiful. This is so typical  Ina and Michael. Hmm, an e-mail from Dwyer. Thank you, Ina. Thank you so much for thinking  of me on my birthday. This is absolutely beautiful.  Thank you. Happy birthday, Dwyer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 