Barefoot Contessa: Season 15, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barefoot Contessa 
 s15e3 - Buon Appetito - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barefoot Contessa (2002–…): Season 15, Episode 3 - Buon Appetito - full transcript 
 An Italian meal, featuring pasta Bolognese; Tuscan roasted sausage and grapes; and Parmesan crisps. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm the barefoot contessa. I've donated lunch for six for a charity auction, and today's the day they're coming, but the pressure is on. You're not gonna believe how much money they raised for this. So we're starting with delicious chilled cucumber soup with juicy shrimp on top. Then it's lobster and shells, a fabulous pasta salad with farm-fresh vegetables and luxurious lobster. I'm keeping it really casual 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 so everybody has a very good time. And for dessert, I'm surprising everyone. They're gonna make their own desserts. It's eton mess, an incredible concoction of cooked raspberries, whipped cream, and crushed meringues. They're gonna love it. I've got the best front-of-the-house help... Mariska hargitay, my friend who's the founder and president of the charity the lunch is for, and her friend Alec Baldwin is coming to be my personal shopper. I bet he's wondering how that happened. Closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc. Captioned by closed captioning services, inc. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 When I thought about what to make for lunch for the guys who won the auction... I mean, these guys spent a lot of money for this auction, so it's gotta be pretty fabulous. My first instinct was, you know, like foie gras and caviar, and I thought, no, that's really against my principles. The more elegant they think it's gonna be, the more simple I think the meal should be, and then I think everybody will feel really comfortable. So I'm going to do a simple meal, but I'm gonna do it with a luxurious twist. The first thing I'm making is cold cucumber soup, and I'm gonna put shrimp on the top. I use these English cucumbers for several reasons. One is I think they're sweeter than traditional American cucumbers. I find that American cucumbers are a little bit bitter. But also, I love that you don't have to peel them. I like the green in the cucumber soup. It gives it a little nice color. This is gonna make a lot of soup. It's enough for nine people. Okay, next I'm gonna put some yogurt in. Lots of yogurt. So I have 2 17-ounce tubs of Greek yogurt. I'm just gonna put it right into this. And that's two. And then, 'cause it's soup, I want it a little thin. I'm gonna put 1 1/2 cups of half and half in. And then lots of scallions. Nine scallions. And now I just need 3/4 cup of red onion. This lunch came about because my friend mariska hargitay, who's a star of "law & order: SVU"... Because of her work there, decided to start a charity called joyful heart to help victims of sexual abuse and violence. It's an incredible charity. And she asked if I would donate lunch for six for her auction, and I thought, of course I will. I thought you'd really enjoy seeing how the auction went. Wait till you see Alec. He's amazing. I think it's time to take it to another level now. Hey... $80,000. Ohh! Ohh. $90,000. $100,000. $100,000 once, $100,000 twice, sold. And now you know why this lunch has to be very good. Okay, I just need 2 tablespoons of salt. It seems like a lot, but it's a lot of soup. 1 tablespoon of pepper. And now what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna purée it in the food processor, but I have to do it in batches 'cause it's so much soup. So just big spoon, and just start putting it into the food processor. I actually purée it, but really coarsely, 'cause I love this to have some texture. Okay, just give it a big process. Okay, first batch. Into the bowl, and just keep going until the whole soup is puréed. When I offered to do this event, Alec and mariska actually offered to help, and I thought, that sounds like fun. So I've got Alec Baldwin now on a mission for me. How's that... Alec Baldwin as my personal shopper? Now there are things I find challenging and things I find very challenging, and I'm gonna put shopping for groceries... I have my list right here for the barefoot contessa... In the very challenging category. So this is quail hill farm, and I'm a member, and this is harvest day, where people come and pick whatever is ready, and I figured, local, fresh farm produce... How could you go wrong? What? Oh, you know ina. Uh-huh. Cherry tomatoes. Orange peppers... And, uh, sweet corn. Hey, Scott. Hey, Alec. What's up? I'm picking up some vegetables for ina garten. Oh. Uh, what do you need? Uh, fresh dill and scallions. Uh, fresh dill and scallions. The best are to be found right up in that field. A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do for fresh dill and scallions. Hey, Alec. Did you find what you want? This should do it. That's the easy part. Now I've gotta get this past ina. So I'm gonna let this sit and let the flavors all blend together, and then just before I serve it, I'm gonna add a squeeze of lemon to give it a little acid, sort of perk it up, and some really good shrimp. That'll make it nice and luxurious. I need 1/4 of a cup of fresh dill. Just stir it right in, and that's gonna really permeate the flavor of the cucumber soup. I think they're gonna be very happy. Up next, I'm expecting Alec Baldwin to arrive with the farm-stand vegetables for the lobster and shells salad. Mariska hargitay's coming over to set the table, and then there's this divine fruit, cream, and meringue dessert, eton mess, to prepare for the auction lunch. I mean, it's not like there's any pressure or anything. For the main course, I decided I'm gonna make lobster and shells. I love high-low food, so I'm gonna combine lobster and tiny little shells and lots of fresh vegetables, which, oddly enough, I have Alec Baldwin shopping for. How did this happen? I'm sure he's wondering the same thing. So I've got a big pot of boiling water for cooking the pasta, 2 big tablespoons of salt, and 1 pound of these small shells. They're, like, the really small shells. Pour that right in. And a big splash of oil so they don't all stick together. I'm just gonna cook that for eight to ten minutes until it's Al dente. Oh, I think that might be Alec now. Hi, Alec. Hey, ina. Oh, my god, this looks so fabulous. I'm gonna have so much fun cooking with it. How much do we love quail hill? We love quail hill. It's fantastic. I'm glad you like it. I was afraid I was gonna get it wrong. No, you couldn't get it wrong. Are you coming back for lunch? Definitely. Okay, great. I'll see you then. Like I was gonna tell Alec Baldwin he brought the wrong produce. But it's perfect. Wow, how fabulous is this? I don't know which is better, the produce or the delivery guy. First I'm gonna prep the corn. So the corn, in order to cut it off the cob, I just cut the end off, just set it on its little rear end, and just run my knife right down between the kernels and the cob, and it gets all over the kitchen, but then you can collect them. Okay, that's one ear. I've got seven to go. For the last two minutes of the pasta cooking, I'm just gonna put the corn right into the pasta water, and then I can just drain them both together. I've got the pasta and the corn cooked at exactly the same time. How easy is that? A big stir. Great. So while that cooks, I'm gonna get the rest of the vegetables together. So the corn and the pasta are done. I'm just gonna drain them together. Oh! Whoa! That's gonna make a great salad. I love the local corn. It's just so delicious. It's sweet. Okay, into a big bowl. Then I'm gonna put all those gorgeous farm vegetables in. First this big pile of scallions. Then those yellow peppers. Okay, lots of peppers, and then these tiny cherry tomatoes that are so beautiful. Usually I have big cherry tomatoes and I cut them in half, but these are so gorgeous, I'm not going to. So next I've got the lobster. I've got 2 pounds of cooked lobster. I mean, you could cook the lobster yourself, but why would you want to? I'm just gonna cut it in bite-size pieces. This really is an example of the kind of high-low thing that I just love. It's kind of like truffle popcorn or baked potatoes with caviar. Just... i think it's a real sort of... A wink at something really special without making it really pretentious. So in just big bite-size pieces. This lobster looks so good. I have to say, this is one of the craziest parties I've ever given. Not only did Alec do the shopping for produce, but mariska's doing the table setting right in front of the barn. I think it's gonna be fantastic. Ina is incredibly kind and generous to throw this lunch for the foundation. It raised $100,000, which is unbelievable. That's a lot of money to help women and children. So the least I could do was pitch in and help set the table. So that's the lobster. Okay, I'm gonna make some sauce. This is actually a really easy sauce. It's mayonnaise, sour cream, lemon juice. So 1 1/2 cups of mayonnaise. I actually love to use mayonnaise for a sauce because it's so easy, and you can really flavor it any way you like, and the key is to make sure it's creamy, but also thin. 1 cup of sour cream. And then to thin it and give it lots of flavor, I'm gonna use 1/2 a cup of freshly squeezed lemon juice, and just whisk it in. And then it really seems like a sauce, not like a mayonnaise dressing. The lemon juice is a nice acid. It really brings out the flavor of the pasta and the lobster. Okay, it needs 4 teaspoons of salt, which is a tablespoon and a teaspoon... And 2 teaspoons of pepper, which is about 2/3 of a tablespoon. Remember, this makes a lot of sauce and a lot of salad. Okay, I'm just gonna pour it over. It's not gonna be easy tossing this. Okay, give it a big stir. Oh, and because the pasta and the corn is still warm, it's gonna really absorb the sauce. It's gonna be fantastic. Okay, then the last thing is I need fresh dill. So I'm just gonna give it a big rough chop. Fortunately, it's a gorgeous day, so we're gonna have a really nice time outside. Mmm. Love dill. It's so pungent. It's fantastic. Okay, big bunch of dill right in. I'm gonna toss that around, and then I'm gonna go outside and give mariska some fabulous flowers for the table. Shall we put these down the middle of the table? Absolutely. Okay, fab. Perfect. I like them low so everybody can see each other. Fantastic. We are gonna show these guys the time of their lives. Oh, yes, we are. We're a good team. Okay, this is all set. I just have a little bit of cooking. I'll see you back here for lunch? Perfect. Okay. Can't wait. Me, too. Bye. So I'm getting everything ready for dessert next. It's eton mess, which is cooked raspberries, whipped cream, and crunchy meringues that the guests will assemble themselves. Almost there. So next is the best part of the meal... dessert. I'm making something called eton mess. It's an old-fashioned dessert from an English boarding school, and it combines three of my favorite things... Raspberries, meringues, and whipped cream. Now how bad can that be? So I've put 3 half pints of fresh raspberries in a pan with 1 1/2 cups of sugar... And a couple of tablespoons of fresh lemon juice. I'm just gonna cook these together. So this is the dessert for my benefit lunch for mariska hargitay, and the funny thing about this is I'm gonna make everybody assemble their own. I think they'll have a really good time. So I'm just gonna crush the berries a little bit with a fork and just let this cook for about ten minutes, and it's gonna be all bubbly, and it's gonna have a sauce, and then I'm gonna put fresh raspberries into it. So it's a combination of cooked raspberries and fresh raspberries. It's kind of like making a crumbled-up pavlova. So while that's simmering away for about ten minutes, I'm gonna make the whipped cream. 2 1/2 cups of heavy cream. Just think how good this is gonna be later with raspberries and crumbled meringues. It's delicious. A 1/4 of a cup of sugar. This you just do to taste. You want really cold cream, and just start whipping it. And about 2 teaspoons of good vanilla. My favorite. And just whip that until it's really firm. And the meringues for this dessert... I have 'em in the pantry. There is absolutely no reason to make them yourself. You can buy really good ones at a bakery. And the cream is perfect. Okay, next the raspberries. The juices are all syrupy, and the raspberries are cooked. Now off the heat, I'm gonna add the fresh raspberries and just let them settle into this. So now I've got the cooked raspberries and fresh raspberries all together. And to give it extra flavor, I'm gonna put in 1 1/2 tablespoons of framboise. Framboise eau de vie is a clear raspberry Brandy, and it's got a great hit of flavor. Okay, and just... Mix that in. Mmm. I can smell the eau de vie when it hits the hot raspberries. I'm just gonna let this cool to room temperature, and this is gonna be layered with the whipped cream and meringues, and it's just ready. How delicious is this? Into a bowl. Mmm. Isn't that gorgeous? I do like raspberries, I have to admit. I've got all the makings for eton mess. I feel a party coming on. Oh, here they come. Hi, ladies. Hi. Champagne for everybody. Welcome, welcome. Thank you. Good to see you. Mwah. So good to see you. How are you? Mwah. Good. Hi. Hello. So glad to see you. Everybody looks so glamorous. Mwah. Thank you. Okay, champagne for everybody. I'm gonna get everything ready, including the soup. Sounds good. You guys have fun together. Okay. Let's have some fun. While mariska and Alec are holding court, I'm gonna finish the soup. The last thing I want to put in is 3/4 of a cup of freshly squeezed lemon juice, and that's just gonna really bring up the cucumber, sour cream, dill flavor. Just stir it right in. I'm gonna just turn up the volume a little bit and have fresh shrimp on top. So I'm gonna do a big bowl of soup. I'll show you how I garnish it. And I've taken about 3/4 of a pound of shrimp and just cut them horizontally so there are lots more shrimp. A little bit of lemon, so everybody knows what's in it, and a big sprig of dill. That looks good enough to eat. Okay, enjoy, everybody. Thank you. Cucumber soup with shrimp. Do you see the dill that's on top of this? Yes. See the dill that's on top of this? Yeah. And where did it come from? Mmm, dill. I picked it this morning. He did. No, no... no, no. And he picked beautiful dill. Beautiful. Mmm. More stories, more stories. Yeah, you know, this soup is amazing. Oh, it's delicious. Wonderful. Kind of perfect. Light, and it's so fresh. Thank you. I'm so glad you like it. Okay, everybody ready for the next course? Yes. Yes, please. Great. Is it blueberry pancakes? Talk among yourselves. I hope so. So next I'm heading back to the kitchen to get the lobster and shells salad. Then it's eton mess for dessert, all whipped cream, fruit, and meringue. Don't go anywhere. The main course is lobster and shells. I hope they like it. This is for you, Meredith. Thank you. And Alec. Oh, thank you so much. How are the vegetables? Well, I want everyone to know that ina is not the only one that's responsible for this dish. He's right. I didn't... I didn't do a thing. I picked these vegetables. Oh, yay! He picked 'em, yay! Brilliantly done. So it's lobster and shells... Okay. And all kinds of fresh vegetables from quail hill, which Alec brilliantly picked. Yay. Bon appétit. Bon appétit. What's in the dressing, ina? It's um, mayonnaise, sour cream, lots of fresh dill, and lemon juice. Everybody here know what their favorite dessert is? Can you name your favorite dessert? Okay. 'Cause I can name mine. I hope... i hope it's what I'm serving for dessert. Okay, just hold that thought. Okay. Let's find out. Let's find out. Well, I'd say they know how to have a good time. So I've got all the fixings for eton mess. I've got the cooked raspberries, whipped cream. I mean, who doesn't like whipped cream right out of the bowl? And the last thing is the meringues. So I've got little 3-inch meringues. I've got five or six of them, and you just crush them up. I think I'm gonna put the meringues out and everybody can crush their own. How's that? I'm just gonna put them right on the tray. They'll have a really good time. The glasses are already out there. I've got the spoons, and we're ready to go. Okay, everybody, dessert's ready. Oh, yay! And guess what? You're gonna make it yourself. We're making something called eton mess, and it's layers of raspberry, cream, and crushed meringue. I'm ready. Okay, raspberries first. I'm gonna show you mariska's, okay? Raspberries first, crushed meringues... Mmm. Crush them right in, and then whipped cream. And then more raspberries... More meringue... Great. It's beautiful. And more whipped cream, as much whipped cream as you want. Yum. How's that? And that's eton mess. Ina... How easy is that? How easy is that? And a spoon. Beautiful. Okay, everybody has to make their own, how's that? - Hold right there. - Oh, my gosh. All right, now watch this, mariska. I made it for her, and she literally went, "I don't want that one." You can tell the difference between ina's and Alec's. Oh, very nice, Alec. This is the one that ina made, which is flawless, and this is the one that Alec made, which is more homemade. Yeah, that's great, mariska. Anyway... I'm so glad you like it. We haven't had any fun today, have we? No, no. Thank you. Thank you so much. Don't go yet, because I have a surprise for you. Yay! Copies of the new book. I have them... One for each of you. Hey, look what's on the cover. What's on the cover? Oh, yeah, that's right. Look what's on the cover. I made them. I hope you enjoy it. Thank you so much for coming. It was so much fun. Thank you. Oh, so much food. Thank you for coming. It was really fun. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Bye, guys. Thank you so much. Bye. See you later. It was fun. Come back soon. Hey, ina? Yeah? Let's go cook something up. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 