Barefoot Contessa: Season 22, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barefoot Contessa 
 s22e4 - Barefoot in Washington, D.C. - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barefoot Contessa (2002–…): Season 22, Episode 4 - Barefoot in Washington, D.C. - full transcript 
 Ina judges the New York Times' Washington Bureau monthly Food Club cook-off; writer Elsa Walsh and her husband, Bob Woodward, co-host a lunch with Ina; a friend from the Washington Post ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm Ina Garten,  and I'm cooking with friends. I'm whipping up easy gazpacho  with goat-cheese croutons to share with my friend Antonia, who's a perfumer and a florist. Then I'm firing up the grill  to make juicy mustard-marinated  flank steak and fast and easy  Sicilian grilled swordfish. And finally,  Antonia's going to show me how to make a wonderful  fresh-flower bouquet. -- Captions by VITAC -- Closed Captions provided by  Scripps Networks, LLC. While my friend Antonia  gets flowers, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm gonna make some  easy gazpacho with  goat-cheese croutons. I think she's gonna love it. So, Antonia's promised to show  me how to make a small bouquet. She's an amazing florist. And I happen to know  that Antonia loves to grill, so I'm gonna show her  two grilling recipes I love. Okay, so, for the gazpacho, I'm starting with two  28-ounce cans of plum tomatoes, and that's maybe about  a 1/4 of a cucumber, diced. I took the seeds out. And I love onion in gazpacho. You're not gonna believe  how easy this is to do. You just throw everything  in a food processor. So, a very large onion. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Just dump the whole thing in. This is a really large onion,  so I think I'll just use half. You can always add it,  but you can't take it out. Anthend our falliscons. And you don't have  to chop it up finely because it's all gonna get ground up in the food processor. And then garlic. I love garlic,  especially in gazpacho. So, I've got six cloves  of garlic, and you're not gonna believe  how fast this is. I'm just gonna puree  the whole thing... ...and then put it in a bowl and season it with olive oil, vinegar, and lots of seasonings. I want it pureed,  but I still want it chunky. I want to taste  all the vegetables in it. So, this should be perfect. I mean, doesn't that look good? It just looks like summer to me. Okay.  You want to get all of it. Fabulous. So, next I'm gonna add 1/2 cup  of good red wine vinegar. It's really like making  a vinaigrette. 1/2 cup of olive oil. And vinegar's really important 'cause it gives a nice edge  to the gazpacho. Just pour it in. And then 1 1/2 cups  of good tomato juice. I know I'm always talking  about good ingredients, but why add bad ingredients? It's not gonna get any better. So, just whisk it in. I mean, this is  the fastest gazpacho ever. Okay, now some seasonings --  celery salt. So, I need 1/2 teaspoon. And all of this is to taste. If you love celery salt,  put more in. And I like a little bit of heat, so I'm gonna add  like 1/4 teaspoon of hot crushed red peppers, and to give it  a little more intensity, 2 tablespoons of tomato paste. It's really concentrated  tomato flavor. I'm just gonna whisk it in. It's really thick. And two. And then, because we  want it perfectly seasoned, I need a tablespoon  of kosher salt and about 1 1/2 teaspoons  of pepper. And, I mean, soup doesn't get  any easier than that. Just whisk it together. And the good thing about this  is, the longer it sits, the better it tastes. So, I'm just gonna make sure  it's starting out good. Oh, it's delicious. You really taste the tomato  and the cucumber and the scallions,  a little bit of heat. It's gonna be fabulous.  So, into the fridge. It's gonna get nice and cold, and it'll be ready  when Antonia gets here. Hello, Bob!  Good morning, Antonia. How are you?  Good. I'm in a rush. I'm getting some flowers to do bouquets with Ina. She's gonna teach me  how to cook. I'm gonna teach her how to make bouquets. What do you got?  What does she like? The orange tulips there  are one of her favorite. Cool. And just to the left,  there's some blue muscari. Excellent. Oh, they're gonna look beautiful  together. Oh, great. And then Galax leaves 'cause they will make it a bouquet. I think everybody  loves gazpacho, but I always like to do  something a little special, sort of a twist. So, I thought, I'm gonna make goat-cheese croutons  to put on the top. Not only will they  taste good with it, but the textures  are really good. So, you have pureed gazpacho  and a crisp crouton on top. It's fantastic. So, I've got two slices  of French bread. I always do diagonal slices.  I think they look best. And then brush it  with olive oil. I'm gonna toast it on one side,  then turn it over and spread it with goat cheese  and toast it again. It's a great addition. Just two minutes  under the broiler. Thank you for the flowers. Good to see you, Bob. You too, Antonia. Okay, they're perfectly toasted,  just right. So, I'm gonna turn them around. I'm just gonna spread some garlic and herb goat cheese on each toast, and then I'm gonna put it back  under the broiler just until it gets  nice and bubbly and warm. I mean,  gazpacho's great on its own, but it's so much better with  a crouton and the goat cheese. It just has more flavor. Okay, back under the broiler  for about one to two minutes, and it's gonna be perfect  on top of the soup. The gazpacho should be  nice and chilled by now. Think this is enough  for Antonia and me? So I'm gonna make  two mugs of gazpacho. Oh, this looks great.  Look how thick it is. Okay. One. Perfect. Antonia used to live here, and she comes back to visit,  which is wonderful. And I think the croutons  should be ready. I love  the garlic-and-herbs thing. So, one toast on each cup,  just like that. And I have one final thing  to do. Just a little drizzle  of olive oil. - Ah! She's here. - Hello. What did you bring? These are gorgeous! Beautiful flowers. Oh, my goodness. Like? Are we gonna make bouquets  out of it? We are, indeed.  Fantastic. Give me a hug.  Hi, sweetie. Mwah! So, I made gazpacho for us, with a goat-cheese crouton. And then we're gonna grill? Yeah, we're gonna grill.  I have to recipes to show you. Excellent.  Cheers. Cheers. Antonia and I have  a lot of shared history. Long walks to the beach and lots of good meals together. A lot of flowers.  And now we're gonna have  another one. And a lot of flowers. Mmm. It's delicious. Thank you. Coming up next,  mustard-marinated flank steak, Sicilian grilled swordfish, and then the secrets  of a gorgeous flower bouquet. Antonia loves to grill, so I thought it would be really fun for us to make two grilling  recipes, one meat and one fish. Are you massacring  that one? I am. You know, it's gonna be really fancy if I have new marinades  for the Cape. Oh, good. Okay.  It'll be a good summer. Because everybody's very --  They do typical. I'm gonna be doing  something dramatic. They make hamburger  and hot dogs? Yes, very typical.  Oh, we can do  better than that. So, what I'm doing  is a flank steak, which I think is great. It's a very inexpensive cut  of meat. It's got lots of flavor,  but it needs a marinade. So, what I do is I do a little  crisscross pattern of cuts right on the top because then the marinade  really gets into it. Cool. Just about one inch apart,  not too deep. Not too deep.  Just enough. And we're gonna make  a mustard marinade for it. How's that? So, you want to make  the marinade?  I do. I'll tell you what's in it. Okay. Ready. So, 1/3 cup of white wine.  You can drink the rest. Oh!  Yeah. 1/3 cup of olive oil.  Okay. I like giving Antonia  instructions. I like doing it all in one cup  like this. There you go.  Okay. And then 1/3 cup  of mustard. So, just put mustard  in until the liquid line goes up to one cup,  and then you've got 1/3 cup. And then you just whisk it  all together. It is a lot of mustard. It's a lot of mustard,  but it's a lot of flank steak. Actually, mustard creates  an emulsion, which is great. Like, when you put mustard  in a vinaigrette... Uh-huh.  ...it emulsifies  the whole thing. Ah. Ooh.  Okay, that's looking good,  but I think we need shallots -- I have 1/3 cup  all chopped -- and a tablespoon  of minced garlic. That goes right in. In the meantime,  I'm gonna work on tarragon. Ooh. It gets nice very fast.  I know. Antonia lives in Cape Cod. So, everybody grills there,  right? Yes, everybody does.  It's a real  summer-community thing. And as a matter of fact,  if you go out -- you know, you're in your yard, you come from the beach, and somebody's grilling  already...  Oh, yeah? ...you're very tempted  to just say, "So, what are you  making tonight?" hoping for an invitation. I mean, we really literally do that. Right. I know. Okay, what else do we need? All right. Good. So, we need  a teaspoon of salt. Okay. And I have  a teaspoon of pepper. And tarragon has a really nice  kind of honest flavor. You like tarragon? I do. I love tarragon.  I think it's a very subtle, but really kind  of interesting flavor. I mean, it's so great. I mean, with really not that many ingredients, you can just make something that's just ordinary into something like --  Yeah, but really change it.  Yeah, exactly, exactly. When Antonia  used to live here, we used to go take a walk  to the beach every single day. Didn't we? Yes. Or was it every weekend?  It felt like every day. Oh, as often as we could.  And solve  all of life's problems. All right, this is looking good.  Okay. Is that looking good? I'm gonna put  my tarragon in. You're gonna whisk it together. Okay. And it goes right over  the flank steak. How's that? It's beautiful. So, I'm just gonna pour it  over and under this, on top,  and it's just gonna marinate. Oh, how fabulous is this? Ooh, it looks good.  And it just gets  all over it. So, this is gonna go  in the fridge for two hours. It has to marinate  for two hours. Two hours? I am eating with the neighbors. Just wait. I have one marinating.  How's that? Oh, good. Well done. I knew that would be  your answer. So, I have one that's been  marinating for two hours By the magic of Ina Garten --  how's that? Oh! Thank goodness.  We need  salt and pepper on top. And we are so off  to the grill.  Great. Okay, here we go. Think two girls can grill?  Shall I take the lid off? Yeah, why don't you do that?  There we go. Oh, I think it's really hot.  Oh, it's perfect. Perfect,  absolutely perfect. You know what I do first, is I just brush the grill  with some oil, and then it doesn't stick 'cause there's no point  in making something if it's gonna stick. Or light on fire. Or light on fire. We can do that, too. It's not a party unless  something's lit on fire. Unless the fire department shows up. Okay, so, I'm just gonna put it on the grill, and it's gonna cook for five minutes on each side. Whoa! That is one hot grill.  Nice. Five minutes on one side, five minutes on the other side, and it's gonna be perfectly medium-rare. Ooh, yummy. Okay, you trust me to flip this over? Absolutely. I'm glad you do. Okay.  Right over. Oh!  Five minutes  on the other side. Fantastic. Okay, even more important than grilling it right is letting it rest. So, I'm gonna take it off,  put it on a board. Oh, my God, that looks so good,  doesn't it? And I'm gonna cover it  with aluminum foil and let it rest for about 15 minutes. And all the juices get back into the meat. And that's gonna make it  juicier? Yeah!  Yay. Yeah, baby.  Sounds good, sounds good. Coming up,  we're moving from turf to surf, grilling  Sicilian-style swordfish. It's so fast  and unbelievably delicious. Then it's all about  gorgeous flower bouquets. Okay, Antonia, you ready for the second grilling recipe? I am. It's in your honor.  It's Italian. Fantastic.  It's Sicilian  grilled swordfish. And you're not gonna believe how easy it is to make and how fast. So, are you making  the marinade?  I am. This is a little different,  actually, because the marinade goes on after rather than before. So, I'm gonna put the swordfish  right on the grill. It's really thin. It's only about 1/2 inch thick. And it's gonna cook  really fast. Okay, so, I'm gonna put it on. Two minutes on each side, and it's gonna be done.  Uh-huh. So, you make the marinade. So, I need 2 tablespoons  of lemon juice.  Okay. Why don't we make it together?  How's that?  All right, sounds good. We need 1/4 cup of olive oil. Now, do I worry that the pits  are going in there? Don't worry about a thing.  How's that?  Okay. I like that. This is worry-free cooking.  I like that. Is that good?  Yeah. Okay, fabulous. We need a pinch of red pepper flakes. So, you want to chop up  the oregano?  Absolutely. And I'm gonna season  the fish. Just salt and pepper  on one side. I'm gonna turn it. Two minutes is really fast. Okay. I'm gonna turn it over. And what you don't want to do  is overcook it. Okay. Wow.  It's perfect, though. Isn't it perfect? I know. It's really fast. And it's fantastic.  Okay, perfect. So, chop it up and put it right in there. And then we need salt and pepper  in here, maybe about a tablespoon  of salt. Whisk? Whisk it in. Uh-huh. She wields a mean whisk. Pepper. Okay, that's ready. So, here we go.  Great. Okay, I'm just gonna season  the other side. Salt, pepper. I want to make sure it's really nicely seasoned. Okay, and right onto a plate. Is that the fastest swordfish  you ever saw? Right onto your plate. And then, while it's really hot, what I do is I take a fork, juake holes in it just like that.. And I take that marinade you made, that gorgeous marinade, and just pour it  right over it. And we're gonna cover it with foil, let it rest, and then we're gonna serve it with arugula on top. Beautiful! It's so delicious. How great is that? I like the way the red pepper  looks in there 'cause it gives it  a little pop. Well, everything, and also the herbs and everything -- it's fantastic. But in the meantime, don't we have to try that flank steak we made?  Yeah. This smells great, doesn't it?  It smells fabulous. So, you want to put  this over here?  Okay. And we'll taste  the steak. This is a tough job, but somebody has to do it. So, this is that fabulous flank steak with the mustard sauce. How gorgeous does that look?  Whoo! Okay, so,  what you want to do is you want to just cut it  very thinly 'cause it's a very tough cut, but it has a lot of flavor -- and on the diagonal. Oh, my goodness, this looks so delicious. So you know  it's gonna taste great. Do you need to taste this?  Yes, absolutely. Just make sure -- We have to make sure it's good. or whatevet'al. And the marinade really tenderizes it, too. Mmm.  On salad or a sandwich. And it tastes better with your fingers, doesn't it? Mm-hmm. Don't we have to taste  this swordfish?  Yeah. Come with me.  Okay. So, I've got it  all set up here. It's like a one-dish meal,  right?  Beautiful. With a little bit of lemon zest  on top, just to give it  extra flavor... 'cause we're big on flavor.  Yeah. And I think it needs probably a little bit of lemon on it. Don't you think so?  Uh-huh. A little lemon squeezed on it.  And that's it. I mean, was that the fastest fish you ever made? Yeah, it's really great. Really. And you know people  are gonna love it. And the marinade's  still there, and you just serve it  just like that. Beautiful. Gentlemen, start your forks. Okie dokie. Let's see  what we've got here. Got to make sure it's good, right? So, the marinade gets  into the warm fish in the same way that the marinade gets into the steak  when it's cold. But this happens really fast.  It is so delish. Isn't it good? This looks so sophisticated,  but it's so simple. Yeah. Hey! We're good. Coming up, my friend Antonia is gonna show me how to take  some beautiful flowers and make them  into a stunning bouquet. I've been harassing Antonia  for years to teach me how to make  a bouquet, and the day is here! So, will you show me?  I love these flowers. Orange and blue --  my favorite. Are you ready?  I am so ready. All right, so, the idea today is that we're gonna make a bouquet, and I call them nosegays. People tease me.  I don't know why. It's a very old-fashioned term. It's an old-fashioned term, and the idea is it's portable. All right, so, we're gonna start  at the beginning. We're gonna make a base  with Galax leaves. Okay. I love these  'cause they're really flat. I use them on cheese trays. Yeah. And the nice thing about them  is they give kind of a deep-colored background for the flowers, so they set them off nicely.  Oh, that's cool. And they also kind of hide the basis of the stems. Then we're gonna get  to the tulips. Are you done with those guys? Yeah, this is a great vase.  I like this. Oh, yeah.  Cool. They're like old ice buckets, like restaurant ice buckets. Yeah, they're fantastic.  Yeah. And this is one  of the most interesting things, is florists -- you know, they start with these huge,  tall-stemmed things, and it turns out it makes  a much better arrangement if you cut the stem off. Yeah. So, I was always  very disinclined to doing that, but it makes not only  a better arrangement, but it drinks  more water, doesn't it? Drinks more water. And then all the contrasts of the colors are much closer. I mean, if they're all kind of all over the place and leggy...  Yeah. ...you don't have that hot blue against hot orange that you would when it's kind of a tight arrangement. How's mine? It's fabulous! "It's fabulous." Do you want them  all the same size? Yeah, kind of.  Okay. You know,  you want them all kind of giving each other a little space because then -- These are gonna be  the structure.  Okay. And then we're gonna kind of put things in between them...  Oh, cool. ...for contrast  and to fill it out.  Okay. All right, we're gonna go with the muscari. Now, we chose these flowers 'cause Bob this morning at Wittendale's said this was a combination you really liked. I do!  And I love muscari. I don't know  what it is about them. I just love them.  I have so many in the garden. You can actually take a little grouping of them to kind of build it into the arrangement. And actually,  I also like when flowers look like they grow  in the garden. And they grow in groupings. They don't just, like,  grow perfectly spaced. Exactly. And so you can let them be a little bit haywire. You're gonna have flowers  in your house, you're gonna give them  as presents, you're gonna have them  in your guest room. It should be something somebody goes close in and goes, "What is that?"  Wow. Wow. Isn't that gorgeous? So, that kind of leads us into this next flower...  Okay. ...which is in the same color family, obviously, as the tulips. It's a Star of Jerusalem. Ooh. Oh, those look great  in there. Yeah! It's another texture.  Those look fabulous. Yeah.  This is fabulous.  Yeah. So, the next thing we're gonna do is cut a little bit of wire. The idea of bringing a bouquet over to a friend's house -- you're not gonna have the paper, the wrapping, the things to do it. So, what you do is actually make this a tight -- Oh, you gather  the whole thing up? Yep, you gather it up. Yep, you're gonna gather it up.  See?  Yeah. Kind of bring those Galax leaves  around. And see how I kind of kept the wire in my hand?  Yeah. See, it's kind of laying across my hand?  Yeah. That's what you want to do because then you're gonna  take that wire, and you're gonna  wrap it around. Yeah.  I can do that. Okay.  Like that? And then you cut off  the ends?  Yeah. You're gonna kind of make a little bit of a triangle so it's a prettier bottom. So, you go down like that? So, we're just gonna kind of cut like this, kind of cleaned up. A clean bottom. And then the final step... Yeah.  ...is tape. Oh, is tape.  Okay. I can fix it with tape. Yeah. You can fix everything  with tape. Oh, how fabulous.  Yeah. So, this is really like a little  bridal bouquet, isn't it? It is. It's a little bouquet.  It's a nosegay. Uh-huh. See what I'm gonna do now? Gonna let you hold it, and I'm gonna pull it off.  Okay. All right.  Let me see how this works. So, you kind of hold it with your thumb, hold the bottom. I see. And then you  just start wrapping? Around that piece, yeah. And then that'll hold it. Oh, I got it.  Oh, that's cool. And this won't break?  Oh, yeah, that's cool. No, it kind of stretches  as you wrap. It's a fantastic  florist tape. So, it sticks to itself, and it stretches so that it -- Oh, it does, doesn't it?  Yeah. It's really great stuff. How's that? Mine looks  very neat, doesn't it? I think it's perfect. And then the good news about this stuff is you just pull it. You pull it? Oh, and it just  attaches to itself? Yeah, and it sticks. Yeah, you just press it on. I think we made two pretty  fabulous bouquets, don't you? Yes.  Well, that was quite a day  of barbecues and bouquets. We're a team. We're a team.  Mwah! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 