Barefoot Contessa: Season 16, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barefoot Contessa 
 s16e1 - Miguel While You Were Out - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barefoot Contessa (2002–…): Season 16, Episode 1 - Miguel While You Were Out - full transcript 
 Panko-crusted salmon, warm French lentils, chicken-noodle soup and an American cheese board are on the menu. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm the barefoot contessa, it's summer and the living is easy. There's a fabulous summer lunch. Roasted shrimp with feta for my friend rori trovato. We're making her incredible salted caramel ice cream from her creamery in Santa Barbara. Then it's dinner with Jeffrey bursting with sunshine flavor, summer garden pasta. And it's over to you for "ask ina." From new recipe ideas to tips and techniques I'm answering your summertime cooking questions. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Roasted shrimp with feta is the perfect summer dish. It's very mediterranean -- it's got feta and all kinds of mediterranean flavors. And I love to make it in the summer because you can make it in advance and throw it in the oven when you need it. My friend rori trovato is coming. She owns rori's artisanal creamery in Santa Barbara. She makes the most amazing ice creams. She's gonna make me ice cream and I'm gonna make her lunch. So what I've been doing is I heated about two tablespoons of olive oil and I cooked 1 1/2 cups of fennel, just the fennel bulb, for about eight to ten minutes 'til it's tender. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I've chopped the fennel medium dice, not too big, not too small. I'm gonna add a tablespoon of garlic, minced. That's about three cloves. Just add it right in. You want it on low temperature because you don't want the garlic to burn. What I'm doing now is making the sauce. Then I'm gonna combine it with shrimp and feta. So about 1/4 cup of a good, dry, white wine. I usually use Pinot grigio but whatever you have. And what that'll do is just take all the brown scrapings off the bottom of the pan and make a really good sauce. Wine, fennel, garlic, how bad can this be? Okay, now I'm gonna add tomatoes. I need a 14 1/2 ounce can of tomatoes, the whole thing, tomatoes and liquid. And they're just chopped diced tomatoes. Two teaspoons of tomato paste. It'll give it really intense flavor. And some oregano. Now I usually don't use oregano fresh because it's so intense, so I need about a teaspoon of oregano. What I'm gonna do is crush it in my hands and it really releases the oils. And then a little pernod, which is fennel-flavored liqueur. About a tablespoon, just a splash. About a teaspoon of salt. It will really bring out the fennel flavor. And 1/2 teaspoon of pepper. And this is gonna cook for about 10 to 15 minutes until all the flavors blend really well. Just think of these flavors with shrimp and feta. Okay, I'm gonna let that simmer away. So the key to this dish is it's got sauce on the bottom, shrimp that are roasted, and then on top it's a breadcrumb mixture with lemon and parsley that gives it a really nice crunch and then, of course, feta. A little feta never hurt anything. It makes it taste wonderful. So for the breadcrumb mixture I just need a cup of breadcrumbs and I'm just using white sandwich bread, which I keep in the freezer for times like this. Okay, that goes into the food processor, the top goes on. Instant breadcrumbs. Perfect. So we'll put 'em in a bowl. And then I'm gonna add lots of parsley and lemon zest so it will have a great flavor. I need three tablespoons of chopped parsley. Shrimp itself is actually kind of bland so I always like to sort of bump it up with lots of great flavor. And I love mediterranean flavors -- Greek things like feta, olive oil, and tomatoes. Perfect for shrimp. Okay, so three tablespoons of chopped parsley right in. And one teaspoon of lemon zest. My rasp, I love this. Just be sure you just get the outside of the rind. You just want the bright yellow part. Okay, that should be about a teaspoon. Just think how sharp that's gonna be with the breadcrumbs and parsley. And then two tablespoons of olive oil. So that's great. The olive oil is gonna make the breadcrumbs toast really well. They'll be nice and brown. Okay, I'm gonna check and see how the sauce is doing. Now this look great. The fennel is really nicely cooked, the tomatoes are reduced, and it's a great base for the shrimp. I have 1 1/4 pounds of shrimp and I actually asked the seafood shop to leave the tails on and I'll show you why 'cause they're gonna sort of stick up. So now off the heat, I'm just gonna start layering the shrimp all the way around. I just think it looks nice if all the tails are going in the same direction. It takes an extra minute to do it like this rather than dump them all on, but it just looks so much nicer. So at this point, you can actually assemble the whole thing and leave it in the refrigerator and then just throw it in the oven just before dinner. Rori and I like the same things so I'm sure she's gonna love it. Okay, that's the shrimp, next the feta. I always use Greek feta. I just think it's really good quality. And I always say don't crumble it, dice it. In this case, crumble it. You just want it to be all over in this dish -- a little bit in each bite. So I'm just gonna crumble it right on top. Just think when the fennel melts a little bit when it's hot. Mmm, it's so good. Okay, that's the feta, next the breadcrumbs. So these are the breadcrumbs that have lemon zest, parsley, and olive oil in them. Just mix them up and then just spread them all over the top of this. Now how good is that gonna be? So they'll get nice and brown and toasted. So that's once on a lunch ready to go. I'll just throw it in the oven when rori gets here, but for now I'm gonna put it in the fridge. The summer story continues next when top ice cream maker rori trovato shows me how to make salted caramel ice cream. I'm making summer garden pasta for dinner with Jeffrey. And then, what else, it's "ask ina." People ask me all the time what's my go-to comfort food and sadly it's ice cream. And my friend rori trovato is here. She has a creamery in Santa Barbara, California called rori's artisanal creamery. So I'm gonna make lunch for rori and she's gonna make ice cream for me. So I made you shrimp with feta. It goes into the oven 400 degrees for 15 minutes and lunch will be ready. Wow, that looks great. What do you have here? This is the ice cream base. Can you talk me through how you make it? Sure. Whisk together four egg yolks and 3/4 cup sugar until it's pale yellow. When the sugar's dissolved pour one cup of warm milk in. Then pour the mixture into a pan and cook for about three to five minutes stirring constantly until it thickens and coats the back of a spoon. Strain the mixture into a bowl sitting over an ice bath to stop the cooking process. Stir in two cups of heavy cream. When the mixture is cool cover with plastic wrap and chill it overnight in the refrigerator. Next we're gonna make the caramel. That's basically burnt sugar. Ooh, okay. So we're gonna start with 1 1/4 cups sugar. Now you'll put that over about a medium-high heat. No water at all, just sugar? No water at all. Oh, okay. So as that's starting to cook it'll start to melt on the bottom. Rather than using a wooden spoon I just prefer to use a fork just to turn it a little. This is so interesting, i always do it with water. It's much faster and much more interesting to do it with plain sugar and let it just caramelize. This is amazing, this smells so good. So when you start seeing the liquid on the bottom there that's the time to stop stirring. So now it's completely liquid and now you just swirl it until it's the right color? Right. I don't get it much darker than that, a deep Amber. Perfect. You're gonna add the cream and this splatters. This is where you stand back. Exactly. That's 3/4 cup of cream. Okay. You're gonna put it now into this bowl. Okay, looks so good, what's next, rori? The sea salt. Can't have salted caramel without salt. Two teaspoons. It just takes that sweet edge off of caramel. And then we're gonna chill that caramel. Ooh, we've got ice, perfect. And that'll chill it much quicker. It's really important that this chills down before you add it to the base because there's eggs in here and we'd make some scrambled eggs. Caramel for scrambled eggs. It's the only way you don't like caramel. Actually I think this is chilled now. So now you'll add it to the base. Okay, can you get me a spatula? Sure. I'm just gonna pour it in while you stir, how's that? Isn't that gorgeous? And it's actually really important that it's very, very cold when it goes into the ice cream maker. So do I get to taste this? As soon as you add the vanilla. So you actually have tahitian vanilla. I always use Madagascar vanilla. And I love Madagascar, but it's... Is intense. Much more intense. How much goes in? A tablespoon. Now I definitely have to taste it. Now you have to taste it. Gentlemen, start your spoons. Okay, yeah, there you go. Oh, that's so elegant. It's like layer after layer of flavor and sweet and salt. Oh my god, it's just delicious. So I think I have to get the base for the machine. Okay. So I've been freezing this for hours to make sure it's ready. And this is good and cold. The colder it is the better. And the thing about caramel ice cream is because of all the sugar in it it never gets really, really hard, which is actually one of the things i love about it. Because I think ice cream when it's a little soft it's the best. Now how long does this take? It takes about 30 minutes. Okay. So that's dessert and I'm gonna get lunch out of the oven. You want to grab the basket and go outside? Sure, great. Oh, this is so pretty. And shrimp with feta. Oh my god. Do you think there's enough for the two of us, come with me. So it's shrimp with feta. Oh my gosh. You and I love mediterranean flavors, right? And that squeeze of lemon is the perfect touch. That last squeeze of lemon really brings out everything. I'm so glad you like it. And actually, you take some bread you can dip it in the sauce, which is just right there, it's just fantastic. I also decided instead of having some fancy presentation it looked great in the pan and so I just serve it like that. Oh yeah. It's so earthy, like us. Okay rori, i can't hold that much longer. Can we have ice cream please, mom? It should be ready about now. I'm out of here. Rori, this looks amazing. It looks like liquid caramel. Oh my goodness, isn't this fabulous? I think this is the perfect temperature for ice cream where it's like, really soft. This is absolutely stunning. Oh thank you, I'm so glad you love it. I love salted caramel ice cream, who knew? I'm making dinner for Jeffrey next, a fabulous summer garden pasta with an incredible, fresh, tomato sauce. And then I've got your summer questions answered in "ask ina." In the summer when I have like, a million cherries in my garden and so much basil, I love to make summer garden pasta. It's really easy and it's so good. This recipe actually comes from my friend Jean halverstam. What a fabulous cookware store in nantucket and she's an amazing cook. So I've got a big pot of boiling water with a splash of olive oil and lots of salt. So this is a pound of capellini, it's very, very thin pasta and it cooks really fast, three minutes. Okay, give it a big stir. And the sauce for this is amazing. It's a completely fresh tomato sauce. It's not cooked at all. All you do is have some cherry tomatoes and macerate them for about four hours and all the juices come out of the tomatoes and it becomes this sauce. I'll show you how I do it. Pour 1/2 cup of good olive oil over four pints of cherry tomatoes that have been cut in half. Add two tablespoons of minced garlic and 18 large basil leaves julienned. That just means rolling them up like a cigar and thinly slicing them. One half teaspoon of crushed red pepper flakes. One teaspoon of kosher salt. This salt really draws out the juices of the tomatoes. One half teaspoon of freshly ground black pepper. Just toss it all together, cover it with plastic wrap, and let it sit at room temperature for four hours. Isn't that amazing? It doesn't require any cooking at all, love that. Okay, I think the pasta is ready. So it's three minutes exactly. That's why I love capellini, it cooks so fast. I'm just gonna drain it. Oh, that's a lot of pasta. Whoo, that's a lot of steam. I'm gonna take most of the water out but not all of it because I don't want it to be dry. Perfect. Into a big bowl just like that. You don't want to let it sit because the pasta's gonna all stick together. Not pretty. And then pour all the tomatoes right on top. I mean, how gorgeous is that, that just looks like summer. And toss it all together while the pasta's really hot. And then it will absorb all the flavors of the tomatoes and garlic and basil and olive oil. Fabulous. Next, lots of parmesan. So 1 1/2 cups. That's 1 1/2 cups, it's a lot. Just toss it all together and all the flavors are just gonna blend all together. And if it seems a little dry you can always add just a little bit of olive oil to it. But this looks gorgeous. Okay, a little basil for the plates. Yeah. Just julienne, stack 'em up. Just roll 'em right up. There, that should do it. Fantastic, two bowls. This looks like Jeffrey's kind of dinner. Whoa, lots of pasta, lots of tomatoes. And that's like, dinner in one dish. Whoa. A little tomatoes, a little basil. Maybe some parmesan cheese. Hi sweetie. Well hi, what you got. What do I always say, make dinner and a man shows up. I have some summer garden pasta, want some parmesan cheese on it? Yeah, that sounds wonderful. Is that a good dinner? Yeah. That's for you. Wow, this is good for starters. This looks delicious. How was you day? It was actually great. I made salted caramel ice cream with rori, it was really good. Really? It's actually in the freezer, i have it for dessert. Bye. Wouldn't I know he'd go for the ice cream first. Up next I'm sharing summertime tips and techniques and some recipes you'll love for when the sun is shining in "ask ina." It's "ask ina" and I've gotten so many questions about easy summer cooking so I'm here to answer them. What's the first one, it's from Pam. "Hello ina, my question for you is "are there any fruit types of salads that I can serve when it's hot out "and I want something cold and refreshing." Actually Pam I've got some great ideas and my favorite one is a watermelon and arugula salad. I'm gonna show you how to make it. It's really summery and it's delicious. Start with 1/2 pound of baby arugula in a big bowl. It's a lot of arugula. Add two pounds of seedless watermelon that's been 3/4-inch diced. Then make the dressing. For this you 1/4 cup of freshly squeezed lemon juice, 1/3 cup of olive oil, a teaspoon of kosher salt, and 1/2 teaspoon of black pepper. That all just gets whisked together. Pour enough of the dressing over the arugula and watermelon to moisten them and then toss it all together. Place the salad on a nice serving dish and then add big shavings of parmesan cheese. A little more salt and that's it. I hope you like that salad, Pam. It's great with chicken for a light summer dinner. Okay, what's next, I think i have a grilled corn question. Hi ina. I was wondering what's the best way to cook corn on the cob on the grill, directly on the grill or wrapped in tin foil, thanks. You know, Charlotte, when you sent me that question i didn't know myself so I decided I'm gonna experiment and find out the answer for you. I didn't know if it would be better wrapped in foil or directly on the grill, in the husk, with butter, without butter, whether it was better to soak it. So here's the answer. Peel back the husk of the sweet corn, remove the silk, all of it. Then brush each ear of corn with one teaspoon of melted butter. Just brush it all the way around. Then replace the husk, put the corn on the grill that's not too hot for 20 minutes. Turn it every five minutes just so it cooks evenly on all sides. Then when it's time to take the corn off the grill peel back the husks and sprinkle the corn with salt. It will be delicious and mildly smoky. I actually learned a lot i hope it works for you too. Okay, what's next? "Hi ina, summer's coming up and I love grilling." "I was wondering what kind of fruit would be best to grill, "got any ideas, thank you, Lisa." I love grilling fruit, it's fantastic because as long as the grill's hot you might as well make dessert. There are a couple of things about grilling fruit I like. One thing is make sure that it's something that's firm enough to take grilling, it's not going to disintegrate. So I like grilling peaches, but my favorite is pineapple. Just grill pineapple, drizzle it with honey. You want to make sure it's a ripe pineapple and particularly i like golden pineapples. It's delicious. I'll show you how I do it. Okay, so you just peel and core the pineapple. Cut it into eight to ten long wedges, depending on the size of the pineapple. Brush the wedges with a little bit of olive oil, just enough so it doesn't stick to the grill. Then put it on the grill. I do mine over charcoal but if you have a gas grill that's fine too. Depending on the heat it takes about six to eight minutes on each side. Then when it's tender and juicy and slightly charred it's done. Put all the wedges on a platter and drizzle over 1/4 cup of honey. It's three ingredients, one great dessert. Doesn't this look delicious, Lisa? So that's it, summer, easy cooking, it's a great combination. Closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 