Barefoot Contessa: Season 16, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barefoot Contessa 
 s16e4 - Rehearsal Dinner - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barefoot Contessa (2002–…): Season 16, Episode 4 - Rehearsal Dinner - full transcript 
 Prepared: tarragon potato salad; homemade blue-cheese dressing; vegetable coleslaw; guacamole. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm feeling so inspired. I'm making honey vanilla pound cake with fabulous local honey for the sag harbor farmer's market. Then mâche with baked local Atlantic mist cheese from the mecox bay dairy, served with local fuji apples. Then, I'm making my own vanilla extract fragrant garlic and lemon oil and delicious basil mayonnaise. Then to celebrate market day "ask ina's" all about produce. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 So it's over to you, ask me anything. ♪ I love it whether it's the height of summer or the dead of winter here, you can find lots of local producers at the sag harbor farmer's market. It's a tiny market in winter, but there are lots of really passionate people selling delicious artisanal products. They're jams, cheese, pantry products, you name it. I think it's really important to go to the market and see what's there and let it inspire your menus, rather than making a list of ingredients and going shopping for them. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That way you're always serving dishes that are made from seasonal local ingredients. And that's the best. Here's a perfect example. I found some local honey in the market and I thought, mmm, honey vanilla pound cake. Honey vanilla pound cake is such a great old fashioned flavor. And the local honey is gonna give it even local flavor. So I'm gonna start with two sticks of butter. And they're at cool room temperature, not quite fully room temperature. It's a trick I learned from a magazine called cooks illustrated, and they said it makes the best crumb of a pound cake. And I found out they're absolutely right. So that's half a pound of butter and 1 1/4 cups of sugar. So that's gonna cream for about 3-5 minutes until it's light and Fluffy. And while that happens, let's talk honey. Local producer, frederique Keller has bees everywhere. They're incredible and she's made a little video for us. Hi, ina. I'm frederique, welcome to beepharm. I've been keeping bees for over 20 years on Long Island. I work with my husband, Fred, and we've got 42 hives. That's more than 2 million busy honeybees. The bees do all the hard work. We use a smoker to relax them so we can work inside the hive. We make lots of wonderful produce, even buzz bars. These are our own energy bars. You've bought pure raw honey, one of our most popular products. We don't process it at all. We just jar it and it's ready for the market. The fresh honey is just the most wonderful color. I hope you love it, ina. Okay, back to the honey vanilla pound cake. I need 4 eggs at room temperature. 2 tablespoons of honey. I'm gonna mix it right in. This is good honey, it's very thick. If you put it right into the eggs, it won't stick to the jar. Whoo, honey can be messy, but delicious. And then 2 teaspoons of good vanilla. That 2/3 tablespoon. Okay, 1 teaspoon lemon zest right into this little pitcher. And now, I have everything ready to put into the butter sugar mixture, which is light and Fluffy. I'm just gonna put it in one egg at a time. And just let it get incorporated. Do it a little faster. This is the point where you really can't over mix it. And this is so important why the ingredients are room temperature. So it creams really nicely. And it makes a nice, Fluffy cake. Okay, and see the honey comes out when it's mixed with the other things. Next, the dry ingredients. I've got 2 cups of cake flower in the sifter. I'm gonna add 1 teaspoon of salt. I use kosher salt. And 1/2 teaspoon baking power. I'm just gonna sift them together. Cake flower is great for this. It's more finely milled and has a high starch content, so it makes the crumb of the cake even more tender, which is good. If you can't find cake flower, sometimes I have a hard time finding it, you can substitute 1 cup of regular flour and replace 2 tablespoons of it with corn starch. Okay, into the butter/sugar mixture. So, with the mixture on low, slowly add the flour, salt and baking powder mixture. This is the time you can over beat it. So do it just enough to mix together. Try and keep most of it in the bowl. Well, that's pretty easy. So the loaf pan I have is 8 1/2 by 4 1/2 by 2 1/2 inches deep. That's perfect for this cake. I always give it an extra mix when it's in the mixer, because I feel like the bottom of the bowl never gets properly scraped. Just fold it. Okay, into the pan. And then this is gonna bake 350 degrees for about 50 to 60 minutes. Just until a toothpick comes out clean. I just buttered and floured the tin. Put a little parchment paper on the bottom, just to make sure it comes out. There's no point in making a cake unless you can get it out of the tin. And then, when it's cooled a little bit, I'm gonna turn it out and let it cool completely. Just smooth the top so you end up with a really nicely shaped pound cake. You can already smell the honey and vanilla. It's just delicious. This is one of my favorite, favorite cakes. Okay, into the oven and that's going to be one gorgeous honey vanilla pound cake. And this is my favorite honey vanilla pound cake. And I always just put it on a rectangular platter and do slices down. It's wonderful by itself, but it's just so delicious with a cup of tea. Sometimes I like to toast it with a little bit of butter and another drizzle of honey. Who wouldn't like that? I like to serve it for dessert with a little vanilla ice cream and some fresh berries. But I have to admit... All by itself is my absolute favorite. It smells delicious. It's still warm. It's moist. It's tender. You can taste the vanilla and the honey. That is perfect honey vanilla pound cake. Next, I'm keeping it local with baked Atlantic mist cheese, homemade vanilla extract, bottled garlic and lemon oil, and creamy delicious basil mayonnaise. Then, it's all your market day questions answered "ask ina." It's market day in sag harbor. And one place that I never fail to stop at is mecox dairy. For somebody that loves cheese, it's heaven. Art ludlow is a great cheese maker who makes and sells the most incredible artisanal cheeses. His family has been farming the land here in the Hamptons since the 1870s. And they transformed it from a potato farm into a dairy farm in 2003. It's a family concern with art, his wife and sons, producing five artisanal cheeses from their jersey cows. And love that they talk about getting great flavor into the cheese from the rich Hampton soil and the sweet ocean breezes. It's downright poetic. This is art's cheese called Atlantic mist. It's a soft ripening cheese. And it's like brie or camembert. It's so delicious. The guys from my office are coming for lunch and I'm gonna make a big salad with the brie, mâche, some apples I also got from the market, and some toasted bread. So first I need 12 slices of toasted baguette. So I toasted the bread in the oven, 350 degrees for about 6 to 8 minutes, just until it's crisp. It's actually so much easier than doing it in the toaster. And anyway, who has a toaster with 12 slices. Okay, that should be about 12 slices. So, right on the sheet pan. I just think anything you can do in the oven where you just throw it in the oven, set a time and forget about it, is good with me. It's gonna be so good with art's cheese. Okay, next for the cheese. I'm just gonna cut it in quarters. This is about 12 ounces and it's gonna make four servings. You can really use any soft ripening cheese for this. You can use brie, camembert. They can be big wedges, small, it doesn't matter. Doesn't this look gorgeous? It's perfect. And then I'm gonna take 6 tablespoons of the honey I got at the market and just drizzle it right on top of the cheese. This is so thick it's not easy to drizzle. When it warms up this is just gonna be fantastic. Next, I'm gonna do some pistachios. I like that salty crunch. Okay, into the oven, 350 degrees for 3 to 5 minutes. But watch it very carefully. It goes to liquid just like that. So the toast is ready, nicely crisped. Next I'm gonna make the salad dressing. This is a really simple vinaigrette. 3 tablespoons of olive oil. I don't know why people think vinaigrettes are hard to do. They're really not. One tablespoon good balsamic vinegar. I actually chose a really old one since it only 1 tablespoon in this whole thing. I chose one that's got lots of flavor. It's kind of syrupy, you can see that. Salt. Remember, this is just a vinaigrette, so you need to highly season it. Pepper. And just whisk it. And that's it. Okay, so this is mâche, very delicate. And you want to dress it just before you serve it. So I'm just gonna pour this one. Just enough to sort of lightly flavor it. Big spoons. Give it a toss. This is gonna be really good with the toast and the warm cheese and apples. It's actually one of my favorite lunches. Okay, now a couple of big plates. Okay, big pile of salad in the middle. Then I'm gonna put the good stuff on top. Okay, that's the salad. Next is the apple. So I'm just gonna take the apple and cut it in quarters. This is that gorgeous fuji apples that I got in the market. Just take the core out. Let's see, I'm think I'm just gonna do slices. And then I'll just fan it out, just nice wedges. So this is gonna be delicious. The apple and the cheese go really well together with the mâche. And actually it's very interesting food pairings. So I asked art if he could tell me what goes really well with his other four cheeses. Hi, ina, welcome to the dairy. I'd like to start with the farmhouse cheddar. This is halfway between a sweet English cheddar and a sharp American one. I think tangy cheddar is perfect served with a light malty beer or chutney. Then sigit. It's like an alpine style cheese. Think gruyere or emmental. The cheese has a little sweetness. So it's perfectly matched with a dry, hard cider and something salty like roasted cashew nuts. This is the smelliest one, mecox bay sunrise. It's a stinky cheese, like a French muenster. It's love with a sweet saltern wine. Because washed rind cheeses lend themselves to something with a hint of sweetness. And to go with it, the pears, because the sweetness of the fruit balances the flavor of the strong cheese. And then, at the other end of the spectrum is the shawondasee. It's the mildest of our cheeses. It's like a French tomme de savoie. Compliment it with a crisp white wine like a sauvignon blanc. And crunchy celery and crusty white bread would bring out the complex flavor of it. Lots of cheese pairing ideas there, ina. Goodbye from the dairy. That was really interesting. I want to try all of those. But this Atlantic mist, a little warm with pistachios and honey is gonna be so good on the salad. Perfect. Okay, a now the toast. So just a few slices on each plate. That actually looks like lunch. I think I hear the guys from the office. Perfect timing. Lunch is ready. Hi, ina, how are you doing? Lunch is ready. So a mâche salad with warm cheese. Wow, that looks wonderful. Look Susanna. Thank you. We don't have any fun together. You can tell. It looks wonderful. Come with me it's lunchtime. Next, I've got some incredible ideas for some homemade flavors. My own vanilla extract. Delicious garlic and lemon oil. And a basil mayonnaise you can whip up in your food processor. Then, it's market day in "ask ina." When I was at the farmer's market I saw all these gorgeous, artisanal pantry products. And it got me to thinking, what do I have in my pantry? And I realized that homemade vanilla is one of my favorite ingredients. Twenty-five years ago I made a jar for the house and I've still got it going. And recently I made another one for the barn. I use them all the time. It's so easy, I'll show you how to make it. Just place the vanilla beans in a jar that's tall enough to hold the vanilla beans without bending. You can start with 12, 24, anything that will fill that jar. And then pour enough vodka in to cover the vanilla beans. It'll take a bottle of vodka, maybe a bottle and a half, depends on how big your jar is. Let the jar of vanilla beans set at room temperature for at least a month, but it's even better for six months. And at this point you'll have two things, the vodka will have become vanilla extract, which is fantastic. But the other thing is, if you snip off the end of one of the vanilla beans and squeeze out the seeds, you can use that for whatever you're making. It'll give all your recipes that use vanilla fabulous flavor. And also you'll see those little flecks of vanilla seeds. I just keep the oils in the refrigerator because I think they last longer. And even the ones I make myself. This is garlic and lemon oil. It's fantastic drizzled over fish. It's great in a vinaigrette, for dipping bread. And the good news is, it's as easy to make as vanilla extract. You start by putting 12 cloves of peeled garlic into a small saucepan with 2 cups of extra virgin olive oil. Turn on the heat. Bring the oil to a boiling point. Then turn it down to a simmer and cook the garlic for about ten minutes. You don't want the garlic to burn. Off the heat, add the zest of 2 lemons. Add a few pinches of red pepper flake, just for a little kick. And a 1/2 teaspoon of salt to bring out all the flavors. Give it a stir and allow it to sit at room temperature until all of those fabulous garlic and lemon flavors are infused into the oil. And that's it. There's something else I like to keep in the fridge and it's a basic mayonnaise. And I've run out so I'm gonna make some now. For some reason people think that mayonnaise is kind of like vinaigrette... It's very hard to make. But with a food processor it's so easy, you won't believe it. It's kind of magical. I've got 4 egg yolks and they must be at room temperature. 6 tablespoons of freshly squeezed lemon juice. 1 teaspoon of garlic. 2 tablespoons of salt. And 2 teaspoons of pepper. And just puree it. And now, very slowly I'm going to add two different oils. 2 cups of vegetable oil and just pour it in very slowly. And what's going to happen is the egg yolks are going to emulsify the oil. And it's gonna turn into mayonnaise. Plus 1 cup of olive oil. And just pour it in the same way. I like the combination of the two oils. Usually, the vegetable oil is good for it, but the olive oil gives it a lot of extra flavor. So I need a cup of fresh basil leaves. And that's gonna go right into the mayonnaise. Into the food processor. Okay that's done. I'm just gonna put it in a container and store it in the fridge. I can pick up some grilled salmon on the way home and serve this as a sauce with it. It's great on sandwiches. For crudités. Either a sauce or a dip. Okay, into the fridge. So now I've got this fridge stocked. I've got basil mayonnaise. I've got oil with garlic and lemon. Not quite enough to set up a stand at the farmer's market, but good enough for Jeffrey and me. Up next, I'm answering all your produce questions in "ask ina." So don't go anywhere because I'm open for business. It's "ask ina" and it's all about produce. Hi, ina. Last summer my husband and I found beautiful locally grown beets at our farmer's market. And I was tempted to roast them for a beet salad. I wasn't totally successful. And I'm hoping you can help with a recipe for roasted beets. Actually, I love roasted beets. And they're not so hard to make. For 12 beets I cut off the tops and the tails. Peel them. And cut them into 1 1/2 inch chunks. Then onto a baking sheet. I pour over 3 tablespoons of good olive oil. Then sprinkle over 1 1/2 teaspoons of minced fresh thyme leaves. 2 teaspoons of kosher salt. And 1 teaspoon of freshly ground black pepper. Toss them together. Put the beets in a 400 degree oven for 35 to 40 minutes. I turn them once or twice to make sure they brown evenly. When they're tender they're done. Pour over 2 tablespoons of raspberry vinegar. The juice of one large orange. And give it a good toss all together. Sprinkle them with salt and pepper. They're delicious served warm with a side dish, at room temperature as a salad. With some goat cheese... So good. Okay, the next is a email, it's from Sandy Phillips. Can you tell me the easiest way to pop the core our of a lettuce? What my mother used to do is take a whole head of lettuce. Let's see if this works. I haven't done this in a long time. Just rap the core on the board. Just like that. And it would just pop out. And it works. Wanna see that again? And just rap the core on the board, just like that. And it would just pop out. And it works. Okay, time for one more question. This is an email from Keith boser. Several of my coworkers and I love going to our local farmer's markets. Do you have any recipes for radishes? Thanks, Keith. Actually, Keith, I love radishes. I think they're a completely under-appreciated vegetable. And my favorite was to have then is the way French school children have them after school. First thing I do is fill a plate with salt, like some sort of course sea salt. And then arrange the radishes right on top. Spread some salted butter onto slices of toasted baguette. Then, arrange the radishes and the baguettes beautifully on a platter. Well I hope you've all been inspired, I certainly have been. Have fun. Closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 