Barefoot Contessa: Season 20, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barefoot Contessa 
 s20e5 - Cocktails for a Crowd - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barefoot Contessa (2002–…): Season 20, Episode 5 - Cocktails for a Crowd - full transcript 
 Ina hosts a fund-raiser cocktail party, at the barn, for the East Hampton Historical Society. On the menu: caramelized bacon; potato-basil frittata; roasted shrimp with green-goddess dressing. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm the Barefoot Contessa, and I'm in New York City  on a food adventure. I'm going to some hot new places  and some classic ones, too. I'm looking for inspiration  everywhere, and then I'm going  back to East Hampton, and I'm gonna cook up a storm. This is gonna be a blast. It's a perfect day  for some fun in the city. I've got a day in the kitchen of one of the hottest  restaurants in town, John Dory. Jeffrey's off for a meeting, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 but I've arranged  a surprise for him. He's making cheese at Beecher's. e  but I've arranged  a making cheese.im. This thing is heavy. Then I'm meeting some friends  on the High Line for a fabulous shaved ice and discovering why  The Standard Grill's "Million Dollar" Chicken  tastes like a million dollars. Ooh,  is that gorgeous. Then it's back home  to East Hampton for cocktails and a tasting of the goodies  we've collected on our excellent adventures. -- Captions by VITAC -- Closed Captions provided by  Scripps Networks, LLC. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Okay, so, I'll catch up  with you later? Okay.  After my meetings. Okay. I'll see you then. I have a little surprise  I think's gonna be really fun. I'll text you.  Surprise? It's a good surprise.  Okay? Okay.  Okay. Love you, sweetie.  [ Smooches ] When I'm in New York  with friends and we want to have a good time,  which is, like, always, The John Dory Oyster Bar is definitely on my short list  of places to go. This place is always packed. The cocktails and the seafood,  they're amazing. But I actually love  the decor, too. I think it's fantastic,  particularly the aquariums. I'm here before  the restaurant opens. The chef has offered to show me  how to make his roast oysters. It's something  I've always wanted to try. INA: Hi, Josh.  Hi. How are you?  It's great to see you. Can't wait to see  how you make your oyster pan roast  with uni butter. This is all about  getting great flavor into oysters, isn't it? That's right. A little bit of olive oil. I'm gonna have you  mince some garlic. And I'm gonna do  some onions.  Okay. Good. So, what is this? Is this like a big pan  of roasted oysters, or is like a stew? It's sort of like a creamy oyster soup, I would say. Oh, it's like a soup. So, how many of these  do you do a night? We'll cook up to about 30 or 40 a night. [ Sizzling ] And you get  that little sizzle. You can add a little salt  just to help it out. We're just gonna  let these sweat down. It's just gonna take  a few minutes. We're gonna show you  how to shuck oysters  in the meantime. Uh-oh. Dangerous. [ Laughs ] We're just gonna get our oyster on the towel. We've got another towel to protect us over the top. We're just gonna get in there with the oyster knife just until we kind of feel like we've got it kind of jammed in there. Just gonna cantilever  it open. And once you've got that, you've done sort of the hard part. You're just gonna  wedge it open again and scrape it off. And then we're ready. And then we're just gonna cut  the muscle here, which is just holding it  all together. There's all this juice, and that's gonna concentrate  once we get going. And you can see here that they just give a lot of juice off. And that's all just straight oyster liquid, which is just basically  ocean water. Fabulous. So, this is gonna go in with our onion and garlic and it's gonna be really wonderful. We're just gonna do a little  bit of vermouth, as well. The vermouth is just  gonna help add a little bit of booziness. We love alcohol  in this restaurant. Who doesn't? We're just gonna bring that up  until it comes to a simmer. And what this is  gonna do here, it's gonna just cut through  all the fat, 'cause we're gonna  add cream, and oysters have this kind of  fattiness to them, as well. It's just gonna cut  through all of that. We're ready to add  our fish stock. We just make  our own fish stock, of course. And once we've added that, it's all about  just bringing it back up again, which is to say, again,  just letting it bubble. We're gonna add our cream.  Okay. And once we've got  our cream in there, we're gonna let it boil down  a bit and reduce. In the meantime, I'm gonna do  some uni butter. So, what is uni? They call them urchin.  Oh, it's sea urchin. Yeah, it's sea urchin. And then we call it uni once we've got all of the stuff out of there, what we call the roe  or the tongue. Tongue?  Yeah. And it looks like  a tongue. But something tells me  it's not their tongues. It's not their tongue. What is it actually? Technically it's the gonads  of the urchin.  Ew! I'm just gonna mix the uni or urchin in with my butter here. And you're gonna  just rub raw garlic over that toast  right there.  Okay. Urchin tastes like a big mouthful of clean ocean water. It's got a really nice concentration of ocean flavor. It's a little bit salty. And we're just gonna mix it together here. This has come together now, so we're gonna come over here and finish our soup.  Okay. Great. So, we're just gonna  give it a quick, little stir, and we're ready  to add our oysters. Okay. We're just about done now, so we really want to  kind of move quickly. We'll add a little juice,  but not too much. How long do the oysters cook for? It's just gonna be 30 seconds  to a minute. Oh, really?  Yeah. They like to poach  very lightly. And then when they're sitting  in the bowl with the hot soup, they'll continue to cook. Just gonna add a little bit of  butter because we love butter. Yeah.  We've got our tarragon here,  and we're just add that. Oh, tarragon, that's so great. It's a great combination. I'm just gonna give it  a little squeeze here. And while  I'm plating it up, would you mind putting  some uni on the crostini? I would be delighted to. So, our oysters  are ready to go here, so we're ready  to serve it up. And you can see that these  oysters are just poached. They're like shimmering, just perfectly poached. You go a little longer and they  start to get a little tough. Just gonna scoop  a few scoops in there, and we're gonna  be ready to go. And that's it. And we're just gonna add  a little bit of Cayenne just to give it  a little kick. It's all about cutting  through all that fat. And then you can just  lay that right on top or stick it right in. And that's it?  And that is it. Can't wait to taste this. I'm just gonna dip  my toast in here. Ooh! Mmm.  That's incredible. It's the essence  of oysterness. Thank you so much, Josh. Thank you very much. I had such a good time  making this. This is so good. Up next, it's friends and shaved ice on the High Line, then food adventures --  cheese making for Jeffrey and "Million Dollar" Chicken  for me. Now, that's what I call  fun in the city. INA: I'm meeting some friends  on the High Line. It's this incredible place that the city has created  out of an old railway line. There are gardens.  There are food vendors. It's just fantastic. But first,  I have to text Jeffrey. I've arranged a cheese class  for him. I think he's gonna think  it's a riot. She wants me to do what? Okay. I'm game. Now I'm off to meet my friend  Barbara, her daughter Kristen, and the two kids, and we're  gonna go to people's pops. At their Williamsburg  headquarters, they make amazing pops  from locally sourced fruit and a simple-sugar syrup, and they're transformed  into pops. Well, that's the pops. Let me tell you  about the shaved ice. The guys store  huge blocks of ice -- they're like 300 pounds each -- which they break  into smaller pieces. They take the ice, along with  a selection of fruit syrups, to food venues and markets  all over the city. Wow!  Look at this! People's pops. Do you want an ice ball  that's shaved? Oh, tell us. A shave ice. Perfect. A shave ice. We have a red plum today, an organic lemon -- BOY:  I want plum. One red plum coming up. Whoa.  Perfect. Ooh.  Is that for you? Yeah!  Yeah. What do you say? Oh, thank you. What are you thinking, red plum or an organic lemon? Lemon.  Organic lemon. Organic lemon,  absolutely. What do you think? Yum! [ Laughs ] I recommend one of two pops today. A strawberry rhubarb or a peach blueberry. Peach blueberry! Oh. Oh, is this good. Thank you so much.  Oh, my pleasure. Cheers, everybody. Cheers.  Thank you. Thank you so much. Oh, my pleasure.  See you later. Thank you.  Come on, guys. Take care. Okay, Ina, what are you  doing the rest of the day? Well, actually I've sent  Jeffrey off to make cheese. That should be  interesting. But I'm off  to The Standard Hotel to make "Million Dollar"  Chicken. Wow. Fantastic. Can you say "bye"?  Bye. Bye. JEFFREY:  Oh, this must be the place. INA: Now, what Jeffrey's  about to discover is that Beecher's  is the real deal when it comes  to artisanal cheese. They make a range  of award-winning cheeses, which they produce on site  with the milk from local herds. I think Jeffrey's  gonna love cheese making. Hi.  Hey. Great to meet you.  Nice to meet you. I'm Jeffrey.  Hi, Jeffrey. My wife asked me to come here to make some cheese. Yeah, we've been  expecting you.  Great. Why don't we  get suited up. Hey, Dan. Hey, Ina.  How are you? So good to see you. It's great  to see you, too. So, I understand you have  quite an incredible chicken. It's, like, voted one of  the top chickens in New York. And I got to tell you -- the "Million Dollar" Chicken,  even more top -- and I see that  as a personal challenge 'cause I make  a good chicken, too. So I'm dying to see  what you do. All right. Well, first what we do is, last night we took this chicken, seasoned it inside and out with salt and pepper, and then we stuffed the cavity of the bird -- we take this lemon, we slice it in half. That's what I do, too.  Yeah. A few cloves of garlic, a little bit of bay, some thyme, and then we'll take a nice, heavy-duty pan. We use some stainless, but you can use cast iron. You can use  whatever you have. So, you roast  the chicken in a pan. We roast the chicken  in a pan... Ooh, I don't do that. ...on top of the bread. How do you roast your chicken?  What do you use? I actually roast it  in a roasting pan. Oh, man. That's crazy.  That's great. So, then we'll put a few pieces of sourdough in there. Oh, it's good  sourdough bread. Yes.  Oh, how fabulous. And the chicken  goes right on top. Yeah, we'll oil the bread  a little bit.  Yeah. Oh, so you get  chicken and croutons. Yes.  I like this. And what happens is the bread does two things -- it's a tasty treat because the bottom gets super caramelized. And the top just soaks up all the chicken juice. But it also keeps the chicken off the bottom of the pan. So it doesn't steam. So it doesn't stick. Doesn't stick,  it doesn't steam. You don't pull off all the skin from the bottom of the bird. I'm gonna like  this chicken.  Yes. You're gonna really like  the croutons. Fabulous.  I'm telling you. A little olive oil  so it browns nicely. We'll oil the chicken up. You can use butter  if you'd like. So this guy's ready to go in the oven now. Oh, fantastic.  At what temperature? 450.  Ooh. Hot, very hot. Takes about an hour. And do you baste it? We do. We baste the chicken about every 12 to 15 minutes  until it's done. Well, my husband, Jeffrey,  loves roast chicken. So, I've actually sent him out  to make cheese. I'm kind of curious  what his experience is. I've never been cleaner  in my life. Ready to go.  Okay. This is really cool. Yeah. So, today we're gonna be  making our Flagship cheese. It is our signature cheese  we make here. It's a combination  of cheddar and Gruyère. So, our milk comes  every day. It comes straight from the farm  right down here. How much milk is in here? There's gonna be  about 1,000 gallons in here. That's amazing. This is our bacteria,  and what it's gonna do is eat the sugar  in the milk. It's gonna turn that sugar  into lactic acid. We're gonna let that culture  ferment for about 45 minutes, and then we're gonna  add in rennet, which is gonna coagulate our  milk and turn that into curd. How's that?  Perfect. Okay.  Now that we've added  our rennet, we're just gonna let  our milk sit, and then we're gonna cut  the curd with our harps in 30 minutes. 30 minutes. 30 minutes.  Okay. Wow. That looks fantastic. DAN S.: Thank you.  Whoa! You can't imagine how hot is in here. Whoo! So, what happens  after the basting? After the basting, we're gonna  make the glaze for the chicken. Ooh. That sounds delicious. Up next, more cheese making  and chicken. Then it's home to the Hamptons  for Sidecars...  Cheers. ...and a Garten versus Garten  food tasting. I've been having  a New York City food adventure, and I'm here at Standard Grill  with Chef Dan Silverman, making his "Million Dollar"  Chicken. This looks amazing. Jeffrey's out making cheese  right now. I'm gonna meet up  with him later. But in the meantime,  this looks fantastic. This is really coming along. And next you have  the glaze, right? Yes, we'll make the crème fraîche glaze now. Fantastic.  It smells so good. Okay.  Crème fraîche. Crème fraîche.  Okay. I'll be your sous-chef.  Okay, great. Would you do me a favor and grate this lemon? The zest.  Sure. Meanwhile, I'm gonna add  a pinch of salt. I'm gonna add a teaspoon  of Aleppo pepper. And what is  Aleppo pepper? Aleppo pepper is nice,  slightly spicy, fruity chili pepper  that's from Turkey. Okay. How's that? That's great. I'm gonna grate a little bit of shallot. Oh, that's so cool.  It's much faster. Scrape this into the crème fraîche with the other ingredients. Oh, and we'll need to juice that lemon, as well. Oh. Okay. My trusty citrus juicer.  Yeah. This you can buy anywhere,  and they're really fantastic. And you just mix this  together? We just mix this  all together. When the chicken's done, we're gonna glaze it with the crème fraîche. Fantastic.  Can't wait. DAN U.: So, now our milk  has gelled up. It's turned into curd, and we want to cut that curd  into small cubes. Slowly start  pulling it back. Whoa! This thing is heavy. Yep. And as you can see now, we're making  small little curd. Now we've drained out our whey and left our curds to cheddar. Cheddaring process is  when the curds knit together, and then we cut them  into slabs. Wow.  This is not easy. And flip and stack them  on top of each other. Oh, man.  Wow. Does that look good! Look at that.  Fabulous. Okay. So, now this guy is pretty much done. You can just tell  by touching it. Yeah, we can tell by, like, wiggling it a little bit. It's little legs wiggle. It's gotre gonna do is we're just gonna slather crème fraîche, this glaze on it. I love that  it's gonna flavor it, but it's also  gonna brown it. All of the solids  from the dairy are gonna give it a really nice crispy, juicy exterior, a nice crust.  I can't wait to make this  for Jeffrey. A little bit more, and then we'll pop it back in the oven for about 10 minutes. There we go.  That looks amazing. I hope Jeffrey's having fun  at his cheese course 'cause I'm having a ball  doing roast chicken with Dan. DAN U.:  Now we're at the stage where  we can mill our cheddar loaf. Wow. That's a lot of curd. Yeah. And now we're gonna  season it with our salt. Oh, great. Okay. Okay. Now that  we're all seasoned up, we're gonna shovel  all of our curd back so we can fill our forms  with the curd and start making  our cheese block. Okay. Let's get shoveling. Let's do it. Okay.  What happens now? We're just gonna press our cheese into our blocks. Okay. Wow. Now it's gonna press overnight and age for 18 months. 18 months? 18 months. I thought I was gonna  bring some home tonight. Well, we can ship you some  when it's ready. Well, that would be great,  but maybe in the meantime I'll cheat and I'll get  some from the store. Sounds good.  Okay. Whoa! So, our chicken's rested. That's serious  roast chicken. It's ready to go. I'm dying to see  how you serve this. Oh, God.  Look at that. Whoa! Wow.  Serious croutons, too. Why do I think the croutons  are as good as the chicken? Ooh, is that gorgeous. Beautiful.  Wow. And all the flavors  inside. Wow. So, you just cut it  in quarters?  Yep. And what's amazing is even after  it's rested for a while, it's still really hot. I think we always think  if it rests for too long, it's gonna get cold,  and it just doesn't. Okay, so at the restaurant, we serve it in a cast-iron skillet. Oh, what a great idea. So, what we'll do is we make a nice presentation. We'll stack the croutons  up a little bit. Yeah. Oh, look how gorgeous  this is. Okay. We'll garnish with a few lemon wedges. Oh, I love lemon and chicken  together. It's great. It's a great combination. Little bit of Maldon Salt on top. That's sort of  flaked sea salt. Would you pass me  the mâche, please? Oh, yeah.  Oh, you have mâche. How gorgeous is that!  Can I taste it? Absolutely.  Ooh. [ Laughs ] Oh, my God.  That's incredible. It's so moist.  It's so flavorful. And you really do taste  that crème fraîche glaze. And the lemon  and the garlic. Oh! Jeffrey's  gonna kill me if I don't bring  some chicken home. I would love to wrap it up for you to take home. That would be fantastic.  Thank you. Next we're back at the barn  for Sidecar cocktails. What a great end to a fun day. Cheers. Jeffrey and I had  such a fun time in New York. I thought we'd make  a celebratory cocktail at home. And I'm gonna make Sidecars, which is a real taste  of old New York. So, the first thing I want to do is I'm gonna sugar the glasses. It's kind of a tart drink,  and I think it's really nice if there's a little bit of sugar  on the rim. I'm gonna dip these glasses  first in lemon juice just to wet the rim,  give it a little flavor, and then in the sugar. Just so you end up  with a sugared rim. Perfect. And just let it dry  for a few minutes so it gets nice and crusty. I mean, you could do it  in water, but why not add more flavor? Okay. So, these are gonna dry  while I make the cocktail. So, the next thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna soak some cherries  in Cognac just to sort of  reconstitute them. Instead of using those  bright red maraschino cherries, these are dried cherries, and  they're so much more delicious. Just a little bit of Cognac. And I'm gonna put it in the  microwave for about 60 seconds, and they're gonna plump up. Okay. Now for the cocktail,  the good stuff. So, to make this I used 3 ounces of freshly squeezed lemon juice, 3 ounces of orange liqueur. This is very akin to  a whiskey sour, which I adore. But it has  a slightly different flavor. And 4 ounces of Cognac. You don't have to use  the best Cognac, but you want to use a good one. Cognac is basically brandy  from the Cognac region, so if you find good brandy,  that's fine, too. We'll get lots of ice. [ Microwave beeps ] Oh, and the cherries are ready. Perfect timing. So, I'm just gonna  shake this up. You really want to give it  a good shake. You want the ice to kind of  dilute the drink a little. So, at least 30 seconds,  and maybe a full minute. Always feel like Tom Cruise  in "Cocktail." Should I throw it up in the air? I'm just gonna get the cherries. They smell so good.  Warm Cognac's amazing. So, I just string up  like three or four of these. This is really just a garnish  for the drinks. I'm just gonna pour just a little bit of the cherry juice to give the cocktail  that cherry flavor. Just about a tablespoon. So, that's Cognac and cherries.  Yeah. Oh, this is gonna be so good. tails are ready.  So, that's Cognac and cherries.  Yeah. Doesn't that look gorgeous? I love the color of these,  not to mention the taste. Perfect. Hi, sweetie.  Hi. I figured after a long,  fun day in the city, we needed a cocktail,  so I made Sidecars. Oh, boy.  Cheers. One of these for me  and I'm gone. Gone? Mmm. Mm! I got something. The cheese. I've got some cheese  that I made. You did?  Yep. You made it yourself? I made it myself. You did, really did? I actually did.  And this is it. What kind of cheese  is this? It's Flagship cheese.  And I made it. You made it?  I made it today. You made it today?  Yeah. Is it good? It's absolutely delicious. Fruits of my hard work. But wait a minute.  This says it was 18 months. Yeah, but what happens is, 18 months from now it will taste just like this. This was made  18 months before.  Good one. Okay, so, am I gonna give you  my "Million Dollar" Chicken that I made in the city?  Oh, yeah. Yeah. [ Chuckles ] They claim  it's "Million Dollar" Chicken, but I'm curious  if you think so. Oh, they call it "Million Dollar" chicken. Yeah.  Well, let me see. We'll see if it's a -- Being the world's  chicken expert. Chicken connoisseur.  [ Laughs ] How does it compare  to mine? Well, if this is "Million Dollar" Chicken, yours is  "Billion Dollar" Chicken. Very smart boy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 