Barefoot Contessa: Season 22, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barefoot Contessa 
 s22e8 - Cooking for Jeffrey: Big Breakfast Buffet - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barefoot Contessa (2002–…): Season 22, Episode 8 - Cooking for Jeffrey: Big Breakfast Buffet - full transcript 
 Ina Garten throws a Barefoot breakfast bash for her friends, Devon Fredericks and Eli Zabar; potato pancetta frittata; overnight Belgian waffles; smoked salmon platter with scallion and dill cream cheese; fresh fruit platter. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm the Barefoot Contessa--  I'm cooking for friends, for fun, and of course,  I'm cooking for Jeffrey. Our friends, Devon Fredricks  and Eli Zabar are coming for breakfast,  and the pressure's on because these  are serious food people. I'm doing a buffet with potato  and pancetta frittata. Two easy platters smoked salmon with  scallion and dill cream cheese and a gorgeous platter  of sliced fresh fruit. It looks dramatic, but it's really simple to pull together. And, because it's a party,  I'm making overnight 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Belgian waffles  with lots of good toppings. This is my new  favorite breakfast. Oh, good! Everything about it. After this breakfast buffet,  we're all gonna need a nap. This is gonna be great. One of my favorite times  to entertain is Sunday. Everybody's very relaxed. You've done all your chores  and you're ready to have a good time,  and the best time  to entertain is, like, late morning,  so it's not breakfast, but it's not lunch  and I do some combination. My friends Devon  and Eli are coming. I love to see them. And what I think  I'm going to do.... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm going to serve,  like, a late breakfast  and a buffet, everybody is going  to help themselves. I'm going to start  with a frittata. So I'm making a frittata  with pancetta, with potato and basil  from my garden,  so that's potatoes. I've cooked the pancetta. I'm just going to  take it out now. It's nice and crisp. People always ask me if  Jeffrey cooks for me. I always tell them the  same thing--"He makes  really good coffee." As a friend once said, "Smart men always know  how to make coffee, 'cause  they need it to think." Can't wait to see  Devon and Eli--haven't  seen them in a while. And they're always fun. I'm just gonna add a  little bit of butter. Just leave the oil in the pan,  and then all the potatoes. I use Yukon Gold potatoes.  I think they just have  a really great, kind of, creamy flavor,  and you don't even  have to peel them. Big advantage. Okay so, these are gonna cook  for about 6 to 8 minutes, until they're browned on the  outside and tender inside. I love to make frittatas. You can actually put  almost anything in. Anything is good with eggs. Okay, I'm gonna whisk  up the eggs, now. So I have 8 eggs--just  gonna give 'em a whisk. One of the great things about  living in the Hamptons is the incredible  local ingredients, and I got these eggs from  the North Sea Farm which I adore. It's a real family operation  run by Richie King who took over the  reins from his father, Tate, who sadly,  passed away recently. They grow the most  incredible produce and they're famous for  their poultry and eggs. The farm has been in the  family's hands since 1945, and I'm now the third  generation. We specialize in tomatoes,  herbs, eggplants, small amount of everything. We also specialize in eggs. That's what we've  been doing forever. We collect 300 to  400 eggs a day. Richie's sister is actually  my friend, Kathleen, from Tate's Bake Shop  who started out by selling cookies  at the farm. This is where it all began. This is my family house which  I grew up in, and I started baking  and selling cookies  here when I was 11 years old. To me, it's rewarding have  lasted this long, as my father  said "We're still here." The farm stand is so  beautiful. It's always hard  for me to choose what to buy. You can really tell fresh eggs  from the color of the yolks. These are gorgeous. Okay, we're gonna add  lots of good things-- 15 ounces of ricotta. Then I'm gonna add  Gruyere. You can add any  kind of cheese, really, but I think Gruyere has  a really nutty flavor-- a kind of Swiss nutty  flavor without being dry. So that's 12 ounces of Gruyere. It's easy, I grated it  in the food processor. And I've got 1/2 cup of milk. You want it to be really  nice and creamy... just pour it right in. And, because you can never  have too much butter. Mm... ...I'm gonna add 5  tablespoons of melted butter. I said this was gonna be  delicious. I didn't say  it was going to be light. My friends Devon and Eli  are coming, and they're serious food people, so this has to be good. Devon actually started  Loaves and Fishes before she sold it  to my friend, Anna, so she really knows  what she's doing, and Eli, is Eli Zabar and he has  incredible restaurants, specialty food stores,  Eli's Bakery, E.A.T. I love his places, so... and they're also fun,  which is even better. Thing about my frittata is  it's got flour  and baking powder in it-- I've got 1/3 cup of flour and  1 teaspoon of baking powder, and that makes it  nice and light and puffs up  which is great. Gonna mix them together  2 teaspoons of salt. I'm actually doing  this little bowl,  because I think if you mix it really well  and then mix it in it gets well distributed. You don't want it puffing up  in one place  and not in the other. So mix these together. Oop. I'm trying to get  it all over myself. And then sprinkle it on... ...then fold it in. The best thing about  a frittata is you can really  put anything you like in it. You can just clean  out your refrigerator. Whatever's left over from  dinner, last night--you  can put in salmon. You can put in  chicken, sausage... I'm gonna put fresh basil  in this one with pancetta  and potato and basil. So good. Okay, fresh basil, and  we're talking fresh 'cause  it's from my garden. Really nice basil. So I'm just gonna pull off the  leaves and whatever you have. If you have dill. If you have fresh parsley,  scallions--anything  to give it flavor. Roll them up like this. Doesn't have to be perfect, and just do a julienne. Like that. Now I could serve  scrambled eggs. It's easy, but the truth is, I  really don't love  making things as people are sitting down. You can only do scrambled  eggs for a few people. But this, you make a whole mixture. You put it in the pan. You put it in the oven, and  an hour later, it comes out. It's puffed and it's golden. It's dramatic, and so good. Okay, so that's all mixed. Let's see how the  potatoes are doing. Oh, they're gorgeous. They're all nice and  browned on the outside,  and perfectly done inside. I'm going to add back  the pancetta. You want them to be  well distributed because I want them all  over the bottom of the pan. I want every bite of  frittata to have pancetta  and potato in there. It's perfect. Okay. I'm gonna turn off  the heat and take the whole mixture  and just pour it right on top. How gorgeous is that? Okay, this is going to go  into the oven 350 degrees for 50 to 55 minutes, and we're gonna have the most delicious frittata. I can't wait. Coming up, a beautiful  smoked salmon platter, easy scallion dill cream cheese, fantastic fresh fruit and a delicious  Belgian waffle buffet. Waffle is delicious. Breakfast is totally my  favorite meal of the day. This is really good. I have friends  coming for breakfast. I'm gonna do big platters of  things, really easy food. One thing I like to do,  sometimes, is like  that high low thing. It's very simple  food, but a little luxurious especially for breakfast,  nobody expects it. So, I've got a platter  and I've got these things  that I want to put on it and I just--in my mind,  I kind of arrange  how I'm going to do it. I like it to be a  little symmetrical. So I'm going to do salmon down  both sides of the platter. I kind of start  not knowing where I'm going but I have a little bit  of a plan and hopefully  it'll work out. And then maybe,  I'm gonna take red onions  that I've sliced really thin and lemon and  put them down the middle. Does that look good?  Yeah, that looks good. Okay, got a plan. And then what I think I'll  do is I'll make some cream  cheese to go with it. A flavored cream cheese,  maybe scallion and dill. That sounds good, doesn't it? Sunday mornings are great  because I love to, you know, sort of get ready for a party. Jeffrey loves to go for  a walk. He walks like an  hour and a half a day. It's amazing--  It's how he stays fit. Good for him. He likes to walk through town-- he goes to the beach. He's got a different  plan every day. So this is smoked salmon which is actually different from lox. Lox is cured with salt,  like gravlax. I actually like  Norwegian salmon or Scottish  salmon a little bit drier, and not quite as salty  as Nova Scotia salmon,  but they're all good. When I first met Jeffrey,  he'd never had smoked salmon. I think he thought it  came mixed in cream cheese. He  didn't know it came like this. So he said "Nah" he  didn't really like it. And I said  "Do you wanna try it?" and he tried it and he's  like "This is really good." So we were off and running. So I'm gonna put in lemon just like this. Just do some lemon and onion. People can help  themselves if they like. Very thinly sliced. Just kind of--  just like that. Maybe some capers--  I drained them. Just a few capers on top. Just give it a little... and some fresh dill. A  big bunch of fresh dill. Devon and Eli called  and said on the way here they're gonna take  their dogs for a walk  at Maine Beach. Love Main Beach. It's a gorgeous day. Seems like everybody is  out walking except me. Can't wait to see them. Okay, a little pepper. Okay--that's the platter. Now I'm gonna make  scallion cream cheese with  a little fresh dill in it. It's gonna be great with bagels. Come on. Let's go. Oh, my god. I'm  getting so hungry. I can't wait. Yeah. Do you think Jeffrey  will be there, Devon? I hope so. Yes! Of course, he's there. Of course he's there. When Devon and Eli  come back from their walk  I thought it would be nice-- I'm gonna have  a whole buffet all ready, everybody can help themselves-- very easy and casual. So to go with the smoked  salmon platter, I'm making  a flavored cream cheese. Just thought it would  taste better, why not? Everybody knows vegetable cream cheese, scallion cream cheese. Nobody every needs to have  chocolate cream cheese. I've seen that, ew! But I'm gonna make scallion  and dill cream cheese. I think it will be  really good with it. So I've got one pound  of cream cheese. It has to be room temperature.  It's really important. 1/2 cup of dill, 1/2 cup of scallions chopped. and just to make it a  little creamier, I put in  2 tablespoons of milk. A little salt and pepper. Make sure it has  lots of flavor, and just give it a quick blitz  in the food processor. Until it's nice and creamy. This is why it's important for  it to be room temperature. If you want  a little extra milk  you can always add it because you want them all  to combine really well. Doesn't get any  easier than that. Into a bowl. You've got scallion  and dill cream cheese. Now, all you need is a bagel. Okay. This is gonna be really fun. I  can't wait to see everybody. Now, just so-- I make sure everybody knows  exactly what's in this. I'm gonna put a little  fresh dill on the top. Ready to go--done. Coming up, incredible  overnight Belgian waffles  with delicious toppings. The secrets of my fast and  easy food platter, and then, it's great friends and good  times at the Garten house. This is brilliant. I guess they like it. My friends Devon and Eli are  coming for breakfast buffet. We're talking huge  breakfast buffet. Since I believe anything  worth doing is worth doing  to excess, I decided I'd make  Belgian waffles, as well. And the best part  of this is most of it you make you night before,  so it's mostly make ahead. So this is the batter. Let me tell you how I made it. I added lukewarm milk  to a mixture of warm water, yeast and sugar  along with melted butter... ...some honey, vanilla  extract and a pinch of salt. I stirred it,  then added flour and whisked it  until the batter was smooth, covered it in plastic wrap  and let it sit overnight at cool  room temperature. So the only thing  I need to do this morning is to just whisk the eggs,  2 eggs. I'm gonna put a little bit  of baking soda in it, just makes them rise nicely. Just 1/4 teaspoon. I just put it in the eggs,  and then the whole thing  goes into the batter. Just like that. Okay, just beat this in. It's not much to do, I  can still be half asleep. Okay, so I've got a  Belgian waffle iron, which is really deep. I used to think that you made  Belgian waffles in any iron, but it has to be  a really deep one for those thick Belgian waffles which I love. I'm just gonna brush the  waffle make with butter,  just to make sure. No point in making these  if they don't come off. One nice thing  about waffles is you can actually make them  a little in advance and keep them warm in the oven, so I'm gonna make them early. I use about 1/3 to a 1/2 cup  of batter per waffle to make sure  they're really good and thick. So I think I'm gonna do  these with banana, toasted  coconut, and crème fraîche. How's that sound? That sounds  pretty good, doesn't it? I hope everybody is  working up an appetite on  their respective walks. 5 minutes and we're  gonna have waffles. We got a chance to  go to the beach. We've gotten our exercise. Now we're gonna have  a great breakfast, some of  my favorite Kenyan coffee. Let's go. Come on. Let's go. I think the waffles are  ready--the first batch. Oh, my god--do they  look fantastic. So now, I'm just  gonna cut them apart. Let's see. Hopefully, they're  gonna come off. Perfect. Look how thick they are. That's what I love  about Belgian waffles. You can make these,  actually, in advance. I'm just gonna put them in  the oven, keep them warm. They'll stay nice and crisp. They're so crisp and you  can really smell the yeast. Okay, I'm gonna put these  in the oven then come back  and make another batch. Okay, next batch. This is my kinda breakfast. Coming up, a fantastic easy  fruit platter is the final  dish in my breakfast buffet. Then it's friends and fun  on a Sunday morning. Smoked salmon and waffles  is like my kind of waffle. How perfect is that? One last thing to do  for my breakfast buffet. I always like a big  platter of fresh fruit. Everybody loves fresh fruit  and it looks gorgeous. Eli is bringing his coffee. Jeffrey will be very happy somebody else is making coffee. He's got a whole new line  so we're gonna test it out. Okay, now I'm gonna  assemble the fruit platter. Okay, first some fig leaves. Next, honeydew melon, and then some cantaloupe. I think pineapple is next. And, big sprigs of mint  right in the middle. Fresh figs. You want  to group them together. Fresh raspberries. Big pile...oops. Fresh blueberries. How easy is that? That's not my worst  platter, ever. I always think it's going to be a mess, but it turned out okay. I'm gonna get this on the  buffet and I'm gonna pull  everything else together. Hmm. Think that's enough for  four people for breakfast?  More like for 40 people. Okay, need one more thing. Warm maple syrup  for the waffles. This is gonna be  a great breakfast. Hi guys! Hey! Perfect timing. How was your walk on the beach? Heavenly. Heavenly. Heavenly. So happy to see you. It was heaven? Heaven. What did you bring? I'm desperate for coffee. This is your new  coffee, isn't it? Right. Kenyan AA. Kenyan AA? Right. And what is this? A babka. Babka, I love babka, Not made by me. ...and you make the best babkas. Not me, but you'll  like this. Fabulous. Me. Forget all of  that. I want the babka. And who are these guys? Gio Ponti, Pippa, say hi to Ina. Hi! So I made smoked  salmon, fresh fruit. Hey, guys. Jeffrey's here. Jeffrey. What do we got? I always say "Cook  and a man shows up." That's right. You brought your own coffee. This is Kenyan, and I love it. So what is the  difference between this  coffee, and say, coffee I would buy  somewhere else? It's been grown with care. It reflects the soil and  the terroir just like in wine. Oh, it's good. This is really special. You know, I love those waffles. Is there something  special about those?  Yeah, they're great. I make them over night.  They're made with yeast. They're Belgian waffles.  You want a little maple syrup? Uh, no. I don't want any.  No? Okay. I'm going to have smoked salmon on my waffle. That's a great idea. And I want a little bit of  cream cheese or crème fraîche. It's crème fraîche. You  want some crème fraîche? Okay. I have never heard of  smoke salmon on a waffle. I like the idea of smoked  salmon and waffles. Who knew? What would you like, Jeffrey? Syrup. It has my name on it. Why did I think there was  going to be syrup in your... Whoa! That's enough. Whoa! Is it good? The waffle is delicious.  This is really good. Everybody is like fried  chicken and waffles. I've never had that,  but smoked salmon  and waffles. It's like, my kind of waffle. Would anybody like frittata? Oh yeah. Yeah, give me a  little bit of that.  Oh yeah. Tell us about that.  Potato, basil,  pancetta frittata. Uh-huh. Oh, wow. Oh, my gosh.  How do you get it so fluffy? I put in flour  and baking powder. Ah! And it really just kind  of puffs up, and it's  not so dense, right? Delicious--  absolutely delicious. Yeah, it's really light.  Almost like a souffle. Ina, it really is.  Thank you. This is brilliant.  I guess they like it. Mm! This is my new favorite breakfast. Oh, good! Everything about it. All I need is for you to make it... every day. Oh, I never cook for  you. Why would I do that? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 