Barefoot Contessa: Season 13, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barefoot Contessa 
 s13e4 - Perfect Holiday Dinner - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barefoot Contessa (2002–…): Season 13, Episode 4 - Perfect Holiday Dinner - full transcript 
 Preparing a holiday meal on a budget. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 When it comes to holiday gifts, nothing beats the gift of food. My friend Phoebe lapine has a blog, "big girls, small kitchen," for 20-somethings who cook. I'm giving Phoebe a gift of the perfect holiday menu for her blog. We're starting with one of my very favorites, tagliarelle with white truffle butter. Sounds expensive? Not. And it's on the table in less than 15 minutes. The main course is a juicy, boneless chicken breast stuffed with goat cheese, basil and sun-dried tomatoes 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and served with festive roasted carrots and parsnips that are as easy as they are delicious. And for the final showstopper, a red Berry trifle that's made with layers of pound cake, cognac pastry cream and piled high with lots of fresh berries. This is back to basics on a fabulous holiday dinner that won't break the bank but still has that wow factor. ♪♪ So here's my challenge-- I wanted to find a dessert for Phoebe for the blog that was easy enough to make, that was inexpensive to make but still had that wow factor. And I thought, for the holidays, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 a red Berry trifle would be just perfect. Phoebe and her friend Cara have this fabulous web site called "big girls, small kitchen," and it's for 20-somethings that are just learning to cook. And they're really good cooks. So I'm gonna start with berries-- a pint of strawberries and a pint of red raspberries. I need 3 cups of milk just heated up. And while that's heating up, I'm gonna mix together ten egg yolks... And 1 cup of sugar. There're two kinds of cream. One's crème anglaise, which is a very thin cream, and the other one's pastry cream, which is very thick. I want the thick one here. I'm gonna make cognac cream, which is a cognac-flavored pastry cream. So good. So I'm gonna beat the eggs and the sugar until they're really, really thick. Actually, they're gonna fall back on themselves in a yellow ribbon. It'll take about five minutes at medium-high speed. And I'm gonna pipe the top with whipped cream to make it even more wow. Okay, this is perfect. I'm just gonna show you what it looks like when the ribbons fall on themselves in the bowl. It's amazing how egg yolks can get that thick. Okay, the next thing I'm gonna add is some cornstarch. I've got 1/4 of a cup of cornstarch, and I'm gonna sift it just because I don't want any lumps in this gorgeous pastry cream. I'm just gonna add it slowly. And what this does is allow me to let the pastry cream come to a simmer without having it curdle. The milk is nice and hot. Perfect. I don't want it to boil, just until it comes to a simmer. I always find it easier to pour from a pitcher. So that's 3 cups of hot milk. You want to do this slowly 'cause you want the eggs to heat up slowly. This is so beautiful. It's really silken and has the most wonderful flavor and texture, and vanilla and cognac are a great combination. Okay, that's all nicely mixed. I'm just gonna put this in a big pot and cook it until it's silken and gorgeous, and then I'm gonna add all the flavorings. So that's just milk and egg yolks and cornstarch. I'm gonna cook it over low heat, stirring almost constantly because you don't want it to curdle. You want to keep it really nice and smooth. Okay, this is perfect. This really what you want it to be like, like a custard. It's really thick. Fantastic. Off the heat. I'm gonna sieve it just to make sure there are no lumps. I want it to be really silken and gorgeous and smooth. I don't think there're any lumps anyway, but why take a chance? Just put it right through the sieve. When this chills, it's gonna be really thick. Okay, now the flavorings. Teaspoon of cognac. Cognac is really Brandy from the cognac region of France, so any good Brandy will do. And 1 teaspoon of vanilla. 2 tablespoons of butter and 2 tablespoons of cream. So this really lasts for days in the refrigerator. So you can make it anytime you like. Look how gorgeous that is, so shiny. It's gonna be so delicious on pound cake with berries. What a great combination. Okay. Now to make sure it's really silken smooth... And doesn't have a little skin on the top, which would ruin it, I'm just gonna put some plastic wrap directly on the custard. I'm gonna refrigerate this until it's nice and chilled, and it's gonna be so good on the red Berry trifle. ♪♪ The next part of the trifle involves one of my favorite things--pound cake. It's really easy to make. I'll show you how I did it. (Ina) So I start  ea the two sticks  of room temperature butter with 2 cups  of granulated sugar in a mixer fitted  with a paddle attachment. Just cream them together until they're really  light and Fluffy. Then with the mixer  on medium speed, add four extra-large eggs  at room temperature. I add them one at a time  so they mix in really well. Then it's on  to the dry ingredients. Sift together 3 cups  of all-purpose flour with 1/2 a teaspoon  of baking powder, 1/2 a teaspoon of baking soda and a teaspoon of salt. Combine 3/4 of a cup  of buttermilk at room temperature and 1 teaspoon  of pure vanilla extract. This keeps the cake  really moist. Then I add the flour  and buttermilk mixtures alternately to the batter, beginning and ending  with the flour. I do it in about thirds. This batter makes enough  for two pound cakes, which means I can use  one now for the trifle and freeze one for later. The batter gets poured  into the two 8 1/2x4 1/2x2 1/2-inch  loaf pans. And they bake at 350 degrees for 45 minutes to an hour, just until a toothpick  comes out clean. Getting all the parts together. Pastry cream. Well, this is no small trifle. This is gonna be absolutely gorgeous layers of cake and fruit and cream. It's gonna be so gorgeous. Big, thick slices. What I'm gonna do, is I'm gonna do cake, jam, sprinkle of framboise on, pastry cream, berries. Okay. I use about a cup of raspberry jam and just spread jam on each piece of cake. And just fit it right into the bottom of the dish. I want to just be sure that it's on the outside of the dish so that you can see it from the side. Okay. Then a big sprinkling of framboise. Framboise is raspberry liqueur, and it's gonna make the raspberry jam taste even better. Okay, big spoonful of raspberries and strawberries right on top. And you want it to sort of spill down the sides so you can really see all the ingredients. And a big dollop of cognac pastry cream. Just let it drizzle down the side. This is why it's important for the pastry cream to be really thick, 'cause you don't want it to just go to the bottom of the bowl. You want it to sort of cling to the fruit and the cake. More cake. More framboise. More berries. More cognac cream. So one more layer of cake. I mean, it's always better with homemade pound cake, but if you're in a hurry, you can always buy some pound cake. Okay, more framboise. Mmm. So next, I'm gonna pipe it with whipped cream and lots of berries. I'm gonna make chicken breasts with goat cheese, sun-dried tomatoes and basil, roasted parsnips and carrots. This is gonna be a very good dinner. And then when Phoebe gets here, we're gonna make pasta with white truffle butter. Ohh, that's so good. Can't wait to see her. I'm making a holiday meal for my friend Phoebe's blog. And for dessert, I'm making a trifle, classic English trifle-- layers of pound cake, berries and cream. But I have to decorate it with whipped cream. First, 2 cups of really cold heavy cream. This is really just a classic whipped cream. And with the mixer fitted with a whisk, I'm just gonna whip it on high. 2 tablespoons of sugar... And 2 teaspoons of good vanilla. Don't overdo it. You'll end up with butter. Mmm. Who doesn't love whipped cream? Okay, that's perfect. Just want it to hold soft peaks... Just like that. It'll be perfect for piping. Make sure it's got the right amount of vanilla and sugar. That's perfect. Okay, so I'm just gonna pipe it. I use a really big star tip. I think it's easy to use. Doesn't require a connection, which small ones do. Just like that. Fold down the top. Big spoon. ♪♪ Good thing about whipped cream is you can make a mistake and put it back in the bag. So I'm just gonna experiment just to make sure it's right. Just do a swirl. I think that's gonna be perfect. Okay, I'm gonna take a little bit of cream and make a nice base for it right on top of the trifle. I don't know anybody who's not gonna love this. Just do a nice swirl. This does not have to be perfect. And if you don't want to pipe it, you can always just do it with a spoon. But I just think it adds a little extra flourish. Just keep turning the dish. I'm just gonna pipe it right around the outside, and then I'm gonna fill the center with red berries. How pretty is that gonna look? I'm just gonna top it off with berries. If that doesn't look like the holidays, I don't know what does. ♪♪ Everybody knows it's chicken all the time at my house. Whether it's dinner for two or the fanciest meal, I just think chicken's always appropriate. What I'm gonna make is chicken breast stuffed with goat cheese, basil and sun-dried tomatoes. It's so fast, and it's so delicious. So what I've asked the butcher to do is give me two boneless chicken breasts with the skin still on, and then I'm gonna stuff them underneath the skin. I'm using goat cheese with garlic and herbs. You can use plain goat cheese if you want. But I've tried other cheeses like mozzarella. It was so boring. The goat cheese is kind of tangy and it melts perfectly. Works really well. So two pieces under the skin. And you want to be sure that the skin covers the filling so it doesn't burn. This is such a great dish to make. It's so easy for two people, and you can make it for a party. It's just as easy for 20. Okay, next is sun-dried tomatoes. These are sun-dried tomatoes in oil. You want to get those 'cause sometimes, the ones that are dry are a little tough. So two sun-dried tomatoes under each skin. ♪♪ And then I always like a nice fresh herb. So I'm gonna take one basil leaf and put it under each one. Just be sure that the skin from the chicken covers the whole thing so it protects it while it bakes. Okay, that's perfect. And one basil leaf under the other one. This is the hard part about chicken. Sometimes you get chicken breasts, and they're really small. And sometimes you get them, and they're huge, like Dolly parton chicken breasts. So you really have to think about how long it's gonna take to cook and whether you want one per person or two per person, but generally, one per person is perfect. Okay. I'm just gonna brush it with a little bit of olive oil, make it turns out nice and brown. When I'm making chicken for chicken salad, I always roast it on the bone. But when I'm doing it for dinner or for a party, I just think it's so much nicer boneless. Lots of salt and pepper. Chicken's really very bland, so it needs really good seasoning. And pepper. Okay, into the oven, 400 degrees for 25 to 35 minutes. These are gonna be nice and browned on the outside, and the cheese is gonna be melting and tangy. It's so good. Next, I'm gonna roasted carrots and parsnips. And with Phoebe, I'm making tagliarelle with white truffle butter. This is such a great menu. I roast carrots all the time. They have to be my favorite roast vegetable. But I thought for the holidays, it'd be nice to add parsnips. Gives it a little more complexity, but they're just as easy to make. For the carrots, I'm actually just scrubbing them. You don't really need to peel them. They're top carrots, you know, with the greens attached. If they're in a bag and a little older, you probably want to peel them. The parsnips-- so these are parsnips. They look a lot like carrots. They're white, but they have great flavor. But they're a little woodier, so I actually always peel them. Baking is pretty specific. If the cake bakes at a certain temperature, you want to bake it at that temperature. But cooking can really be a little more adaptable. So what I'm doing is the carrot and the parsnips usually roast at 425. I'm gonna lower it to 400. And the chicken usually roasts at 375, so I'm gonna raise it to 400, also, so I can put them both in the same oven. Good thing about roasting vegetables is you can cut them in advance, put them in water, store them in the refrigerator, actually, for days. So when you're having a party, it's a great way to cook vegetables. Parsnips and carrots are both root vegetables, and they have a really high sugar content. So when you roast them, the sugars really caramelize. It's great. Right on the sheet pan. So I'm using about 1 1/2 pounds of carrots, 1 1/2 pounds of parsnips. It's way more than enough for two, but it's fantastic having leftovers. You can just reheat them for vegetables, put them in soup, make a purée. Okay, carrots, parsnips, toss 'em all together. Olive oil. Lots of salt and pepper. You want to make sure they're really well seasoned. Just toss them together. And these go into the oven, 400 degrees, until they're browned and crisp and delicious. And next, I'm gonna get the counter all set up for a beautiful holiday dinner. ♪♪ It doesn't really matter what kind of space I have to decorate for the holidays-- big house, small apartment-- they're a couple of things i like to do to make an instant winter wonderland. I'm gonna start with these little strings of lights and a big vase. I'm just gonna put them right in the vase. It just gives a little twinkle. I got some greens from the florist. If you live in the country, you can just pick them. Just a mix of evergreens. So I'm gonna take the rest of these and just twist them around the evergreens. Fantastic. Okay, that looks like the holidays. I also like to have something that smells like the holidays. I tried different spices to see what smelled great, and I found that star anise was just perfect. It has a nice licorice smell. So it not only looks great, but when the candle is warm, it smells great. Some clementines, a nice edible decoration. So we've got something to eat, something to smell and something to look at. How easy is that? Phoebe. Oh, happy holidays. Mwah! Hello. happy holidays. So happy to see you. It's so good to see you. You ready for your tasting? Absolutely. Wait till you see what we have-- pasta with white truffle butter, and you're making it. Ooh. Come with me. (Laughs) happy holidays. happy holidays. Okay, my holiday present to you is I'm gonna give you a foolproof meal for your blog. Mmm. How's that sound? That sounds amazing. Okay, so most of the meal, I've already done, but I'm gonna show you how to make the star... (Gasps) Which is tagliarelle with white truffle butter. Ooh. Sounds complicated. Sounds expensive. It's so easy. So the first thing you need is pasta. It's 8 ounces of tagliarelle, or you can use fettuccine or something like that. And it cooks for exactly three minutes. It's really fast. Can you use a short pasta, as well? Um, somehow, I think this kinda pasta is really better. Next, 1/2 a cup of heavy cream right in the sauté pan. Okay. I like cooking and pointing. This is good. (Laughs) (Laughs) Turn on the heat. Okay, teaspoon of salt. Okay. 1/2 a teaspoon of pepper. Next, we're gonna put in white truffle butter... Ooh. Which is so fabulous, you won't believe it. So it's 3 ounces of white truffle butter. Mm-hmm. If you wanted to buy white truffles, it'd be like $8,000. This is $7 for 3 ounces of white truffle butter. Oh, that's not bad. It's not bad at all. Smell how wonderful that is. Oh, my gosh, it's outrageous. Mmm. It smells like Italy, doesn't it? It's fantastic. Mmm. Yeah. So now you're just gonna turn this off and just put this whole thing right into the cream. The whole thing? Right, the whole thing. And just let it melt into the cream. Okay, I think the pasta's ready. Fantastic. I love this pasta. It's my-- just--it's so delicate, and it's delicious. So how's the truffle butter? It's--it's coming down. So the only thing we need to do is just put the pasta in it. That's it? Okay. So pasta. You want to toss that in? Beautiful. How's that? Believe me, this is so delicious. Mmm. Okay, so we have two more things-- parmesan cheese and chives. Okay. Parmesan on. How good does that look? Ooh. And chives. Lots of fresh chives. I love the--sort of the green herb thing and the little onion thing in that. How's that? It looks beautiful. Okay, I hope this is good enough to go on your blog. I think it's gonna-- it'll do. What do you think? It'll do. It'll do? Well, you have to taste it first. You don't know. Okay. Give it a big toss. Ooh. (Laughs) Ohh. That looks amazing. Doesn't that look good? How's that for a holiday taste test? Amazing. Big fork. Okay, one fork for you. I can't wait. Well, this isn't a bad way to spend the afternoon, right? No. I love it. (Laughs) So I can't wait to see the web site and see the new recipes you're doing. Well, this one may make an appearance. Oh, it may? (Laughs) I'd say it's a definite at this point. So I broke my entertaining rule. I never cook when guests are here. But this so fast, you can really do it. So easy. Okay, Phoebe, ready for the main course? You have to admit, this is a really easy meal. You can't imagine how delicious it is. Once I started serving everything on one big platter, it looked so much more beautiful. Big bunch of basil. Look how that really makes it pop. Now how easy is that? Ooh. So I made boneless chicken breasts with goat cheese, basil and sun-dried tomatoes. And the good news is they're all ordinary, everyday ingredients, but it really feels like a holiday dinner, doesn't it? Mmm. It looks perfect. Mm. It's even done. That's always nice to know. How do you tell if the chicken's done? Actually, what I do is i touch it, and if it Springs back, i know it's done. Ooh. Mmm. This is amazing, ina. Not bad. So did I make it onto the blog? I think so. (Laughs) This is the perfect holiday meal. Thank you. Aw, I'm so glad. happy holidays, sweetie. Aw. Closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 