Barefoot Contessa: Season 21, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barefoot Contessa 
 s21e3 - Bread and Butter - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barefoot Contessa (2002–…): Season 21, Episode 3 - Bread and Butter - full transcript 
 Ina makes fennel-and-garlic shrimp for lunch and learns a secret recipe for country bread, which she uses when preparing a Provencal tomato gratin. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm Ina Garten,  the Barefoot Contessa. I'm having a party,  and you're invited. Surprise! Happy birthday. To Frank. Cheers. Let the celebrations begin. I'm helping my adorable,  new Barefoot recruit throw a housewarming party. Lidey's just moved  to East Hampton, and she's got a crowd of friends  coming to celebrate. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm cooking up delicious  make-ahead dishes with lots of local flavor for a fabulous, easy-food table. Flame-grilled tequila  citrus chicken, a huge bowl of divine,  fresh corn and avocado salad, and a big platter  of roasted summer vegetables. The secret here is to make it  in advance, set it up, and you're done. Then all that's left  for Lidey to do is have fun at the housewarming  with all of her friends. -- Captions by VITAC -- Closed Captions provided by  Scripps Networks, LLC. When Lidey was talking about  doing a housewarming, I thought, "Party?"  I couldn't help myself. I thought, "Wouldn't it be fun  to help her get it all set up?" 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And the easiest thing  for a housewarming is to do a big food table. Everything goes  right on the table, it's all room temperature, and that way, Lidey can be  a guest at her own party. So the first thing I'm going to  make is corn and avocado salad, and I'm starting  with fresh corn. So what I did was I cooked  the corn for three minutes until it was just tender, then took it out and put it in  ice water to stop the cooking. Now I'm going to cut it  off the cob. So what I do is I cut the end off so it's really flat. I'll show you  what a difference it makes. And then you can, like,  stand it up on its end, its little rear end. And just run your knife  right down between the kernels and the cob. See, they just come off  like that. It's really easy. We're going to do a food table  that's a combination of things that we make  and things that we buy. I want this to be really easy  for her. This corn looks so sweet. So it's avocados and jalapeños,  red onions. I know it's tempting to use  frozen corn, but it's so much better  when it's fresh. Okay.  Done with that. Okay. Big bowl. I'm just going to break this up  when I put it in so that it's all kernels. Can't wait to taste this salad.  Looks great. I think Lidey's gonna love it. Okay.  That's the corn. So the next thing  is grape tomatoes -- two pints of grape tomatoes. I think they're great  if you can find them. If you can't,  cherry tomatoes are fine. So Lidey and I made a plan. I'm going to do the cooking. She is going to get the cottage  all set up, which is no small task  when you've just moved in. And she's going to do  the shopping, too. This is my first  housewarming party, and I know with Ina's help,  it'll be a great success. So I had an idea for Lidey  for the food table. For the props, I told her she should get things  that do double duty. So for example, for the flowers,  I suggested she get a pitcher so she can use it as a pitcher  or a vase. Wow, this is beautiful. What do I need? Dish towels to use as napkins. Ooh, I like these.  These are going to be perfect. And maybe for something to hold  the utensils, you know, with the forks and the knives, maybe she should get  some coffee cups. Ooh, I like these. And Ina says I can put  silverware in them for the party. Okay, here you go. Thank you so much. Thank you.  Have a nice day. Okay.  That's the tomatoes. Into the bowl with the corn. I've sent Lidey  to the hardware store because isn't that the first  thing you realize when you move into a new house  and have a party? You forgot to get a corkscrew. Okay.  So the next thing I need is a galvanized bucket  to chill the wine. And a corkscrew. Perfect. So next is red peppers. And these are actually  from Amber Waves. The theme of this food table  is local ingredients. I always try  and use local things, and they're such great  purveyors here. But the others, I thought  it'd be a great way for Lidey to get to know the local  purveyors and farmers. So, she is shopping locally. I love Amber Waves.  I love what they do there. Let me tell you about it. Amber Waves is farmed  by two adorable girls -- Katie Baldwin  and Amanda Merrow. It's really cool because  they run it as a nonprofit, community-supported agriculture  and education project. And they're growing more  than 100 varieties of fruits, vegetables, and flowers. It's incredible. And it'd be lovely to have some Amber Waves produce  on Lidey's housewarming table. I love the salad. It's just building all kinds  of fresh ingredients. Okay.  Next is red onion. I have a cup  of a chopped red onion. It's also from Amber Waves. Right into the bowl. Nice thing about this is you can really customize it  for yourself. If you like something better  than something else, put it in or don't. A quarter of a cup of jalapeño. Amazingly, that's also  from Amber Waves. Okay.  The zest of one lime. That's not from Amber Waves. Can't grow limes  in this climate. Next is four avocados  that I actually diced and tossed  with fresh lemon juice. Just keeps it  from turning brown. Okay.  Next, the dressing. So it's a half a cup  of freshly squeezed lime juice, which gives it  a real Tex-Mex flavor, half a cup of good olive oil,  2 teaspoons of kosher salt, a teaspoon of freshly  ground black pepper, a teaspoon of minced garlic and a half a teaspoon  of cayenne pepper, so it's got some heat. So that's just  a classic vinaigrette with Tex-Mex flavors. You want to pour it  right over the salad. This looks so good. Just looks so fresh, doesn't it? Okay.  Give it a big stir. Mix everything  with the vinaigrette. Make sure it sort of soaks  into it. This looks gorgeous.  I love the colors and flavors. I think Lidey's friends  are going to love it. So I think I'll just put it  in a big serving bowl. Big serving bowl. And just leave it  in the refrigerator until I'm ready to go  to Lidey's. And that's a gorgeous  corn and avocado salad. Next for the food table,  roasted summer vegetables and a fabulous grilled  tequila citrus chicken and a simple dessert platter. It's a recipe for a really  successful housewarming. Lidey. There's a new member  of the Barefoot team. Her name is Lidey,  and we're crazy about her. She's just moved  into a new cottage, and she decided to do  a housewarming for her friends, which is such a great idea. And I decided  I was going to help her. I thought the best thing  would be a big food table -- all room-temperature food. It's going to be  the easiest thing for Lidey. These roasted vegetables  are perfect for a food table, and they're so easy to make. I just cut four zucchinis  diagonally in three-quarter-inch  thick slices. They'll seem large, but  they'll shrink when they cook. I put bell peppers  on a second sheet pan -- two red peppers  and two yellow peppers. Next, the fennel. I removed the stalks and cut them right through  the core in big wedges. The key here is to cut it  through the core 'cause the core  holds the pieces together. You want big pieces  on the platter. So they went  on the third sheet pan. And then on the fourth sheet  pan, two small red onions sliced into quarter-inch rounds  leaving the slices intact. Then I drizzle over  4 tablespoons of olive oil, sprinkle over 2 tablespoons of minced garlic, toss them gently, very gently, season them  with 2 teaspoons of salt, a teaspoon of pepper,  and, finally, I just put eight sprigs  of fresh thyme leaves on top just to flavor them. I roast the vegetables  at 375 degrees for 15 minutes, take them out, turn them, and put them back  for 5 to 10 minutes until they're just tender. So this is actually  the simplest of platters. It's just roasted vegetables. But I find if I put them  in groups of colors instead of mixing them together,  it looks so dramatic. So one of the things  about a food table is you don't want  just three things, like the meat and the vegetable  and the side dish. You really want  more things on it. So I've sent Lidey  to Cavaniola's -- it's the cheese shop  in Sag Harbor -- to get a fabulous cheese board  for the table. I'm Lidey.  I work with Ina. Hi. Ina said you were coming today. You need some help with a cheese plate. I do.  I'm having 10 people over. Good. We can help you with that. Okay. Great. So to make a great cheese plate, you're going to need a cow, goat, and sheep's milk cheese. Okay. The first one we're going to start with is monte enebro. It's a goat's milk cheese,  full-flavored, and it has  a great texture. Okay. And where  is this one from? This one's from Spain.  Okay. The second one is a sheep's milk cheese from the French Pyrenees called abbaye de belloc. It's mild. It has a more firm texture than the first one  that we chose. And the third cheese  we're going to do is...a really nice, creamy cow's milk called... Okay. ...brillat savarin. It's a triple crème  from France, and it's very, very creamy, unlike the other two. It looks great. Now, you could just stick  with these three, and that'd make a great cheese plate. But because I know Ina loves Neal's Yard Dairy cheeses, we're going to put a montgomery's cheddar on the board as well.  Okay. So a general rule of thumb is you don't need more than three or four cheeses. You want a good mix of texture, color, size. If you're having more people, just cut the sizes bigger. And we just need to finish off the tray. Add a few things that go with cheese to eat -- the crackers  and dried fruit. Make it look pretty. These are a nut  and fruit cracker. They add a lot of texture  to the plate and a lot of contrast,  which is nice. Yeah, they look good. These are dried figs. And I cut some open just to be able to see  even more texture. Dried figs and fresh figs  look beautiful... Great. ...on a cheese plate. I love figs.  It looks great. These are  dried cranberries. The tartness  of the cranberries is very good with the cheddar and the goat cheese. Lastly, we just need  a little green. So I have some sprigs  of rosemary and then some leaves  from the fig tree. Great. Do you need anything else today? Actually, I do. Could I have two  of those baguettes? They look amazing. Of course. Let me get all this  wrapped up for you. And you'll be all set. Thank you so much, Tracy. I really appreciate it. You're welcome.  Enjoy.  Thanks. For Lidey's housewarming, I thought the main course should  be tequila citrus chicken. It's kind of a twist  on a Barefoot classic. I'm going to grill it now and then she's going to serve it  at room temperature. So it's perfect for a buffet. Okay. Fill the charcoal grill  with hot coals. Put the grill on top. And I always like to brush  the grill with a little oil just to keep it from sticking. There's no point in making  really delicious chicken if it sticks to the grill. Okay.  And then the chicken goes on. And since I'm using  all local ingredients -- Well, as much as possible -- The chicken is from Iacono Farm,  which is right down the road. I get my chicken and eggs  at the farm, like so many locals  and restaurants in the area do. Sadly,  we lost Mr. Iacono recently, but happily his family  have taken up the reins and are doing an incredible job. Chicken from Iacono is so good. And this marinade's amazing.  It's got great flavor. And the chicken sits it  in overnight, so it really gets  into the center of the meat. It's so easy.  Let me tell you how I made it. So in keeping with Tex-Mex vibe, the marinade starts  with one cup of gold tequila. Then one and a half cups  of freshly squeezed lime juice, a cup of freshly squeezed  orange juice and half a cup of freshly  squeezed lemon juice. Next, it's 2 tablespoons  of chili powder, 2 tablespoons of minced,  fresh jalapeño peppers, without the seeds, 2 tablespoons  of minced, fresh garlic, 4 teaspoons of kosher salt, 2 teaspoons of freshly ground  black pepper. The marinade ingredients  just get combined. And then finally,  the chicken gets added -- 12 boneless chicken breasts  with the skin on. Cover the bowl with plastic wrap  and refrigerate it overnight. And that's all there is to it. Okay.  Salt and pepper. Why is it true on a barbecue, the smoke is always  wherever you're standing. Guaranteed. It's fantastic.  Okay. Chicken needs to cook for five  minutes on the first side, skin side down. Next, when the chicken's done, I'm heading to Lidey's to help  pull the party together. I'll be sharing secrets  of arranging a food table and making a delicious  short-cut dessert platter. Lidey. Tequila lime chicken is the main course  for Lidey's housewarming party. So I've cooked the chicken  on one side for five minutes. I'm just turning it, cooking it for 10 minutes  on the other side. This is going to be so fantastic  on the food table. So while I finish the chicken, Lidey's at home preparing  her new cottage for a party. So for flowers, Ina thought I should do something simple,  like hydrangeas. And they're just beautiful  in my new pitcher. So I borrowed these hurricanes  from Ina to add just a little bit more  height to the table. So the chicken's done.  It's barely cooked. The key to chicken is that you  want to let it rest under foil, and it'll finish cooking  that way. And then it's going to be  fantastic, be tender and juicy. Okay. Last one. It's fantastic.  I think it's perfectly cooked. Okay. I'm just going to cover it  in foil, let it rest. Its going to be so juicy. And then I'm going back  into the barn. I'm going to collect everything  for the food table and a few extra things and some delicious wine. And I'll be ready for the party. Fantastic. Okay.  So we've got the cheese board, the bread basket, the plates, the knives and forks  and the mugs at the side of table  like Ina said. Hi, Ina.  Hi, Lidey. This is so exciting.  I know. I can't wait. I can't wait  to see the cottage. Thank you so much. So good to see you. Okay.  Ready for the food? I just have a few things  for the party. Okay.  Oh, my gosh! Think there's enough? There's a few. We've got our work  cut out for us. We have to set up  the buffet. So are you in charge  of the...  Great. ...corn and avocado? I'll take  the roasted vegetables. And we'll be back  many times. I know. Okay. So the first thing  I'm going to do is set up the platter  of tequila citrus chicken. And since chicken on a plate  doesn't look so great, I'm going to put  hydrangea leaves that I took from the hydrangeas  in front my house. So I'm just lying the chicken  out very simply, right on the leaves. And then, because it's citrus,  but you really can't see it, I'm just going to put  some lemons in. It'll not only flavor it, but then everybody's gonna know  that it's citrus. All I have to do is unwrap  the corn and avocado salad. This looks so good.  Really fresh. And the roasted vegetable  platter's all ready to go. Just have to unwrap it. Wow, that looks great. Okay, Lidey. I'm going to show you  how I set up a catering table. Okay. This is 30 years  of catering experience... Oh, my gosh.  ...in one minute. So the chicken's  right there. And what I like to do is  actually have a little height, so everything's  not the same. It gives it  a little texture. Avocado and corn salad  goes there. Okay. Here you go.  Oh, fabulous. Right there. Front and center.  Isn't that gorgeous? You can lift that up. Mm-hmm. In order to give  a little height here, put these two dishes  upside down. Oh, that's a great idea. And just put that  right on top. And I think we'll unwrap it  at the last minute. That looks great.  Did you do this yourself? I wish. It looks really great.  Take credit for it. Thanks.  Yeah, okay. Okay. Let's see.  We've got... I did a platter  with grapes and figs. Okay.  Want to bring that? I'll get that, yeah.  Great. It's great having a helper. Okay.  Oh, great. I don't know if you know this, but I love red grapes. You do? They're my favorite, yeah. Oh, I nailed it.  Oh, excellent. I just think it's nice  to have something just fill out the table. And then we have figs and grapes  to go with the cheese. Okay.  Oh, fantastic. Okay. So I'm going to do half this  basket, I think, in bread. And I cut it almost through so it still stays in the shape  of a baguette. People can just break off a little piece, yeah. They can just break  off a piece, yeah. Okay. We're going to put this  right here. Okay. Great.  So how'd we do? I think it looks beautiful.  Doesn't it look great? I can't believe all this food  fit on the table. Well, that's  the height thing, too. I think it really -- You can slide things  underneath other things. I know. And it doesn't feel too crowded. Oh, good.  It's great. Dessert platter? I think so. We're on it.  All right. Next, the clock's ticking down to Lidey's first party  in East Hampton. So, we're pulling together  a country dessert platter. Then, it's time for a party  to celebrate Lidey's new house. Lidey. Lidey's just moved in  to an incredible little cottage in East Hampton. Oh, thank you. And she's giving  a housewarming and I thought, "I could  help you do this." I could use your help.  "I used to be a caterer." So I told her one of the rules  of catering is you don't have to make  everything yourself. So we did some things and we're going to make  a dessert platter. So I brought all kinds  of incredible things from Sag Harbor Bakery  that are incredible. And we'll do a really great  dessert platter. Okay. Great.  I'll show you how to do it. They look delicious.  Aren't they great? So I chose things that have different textures and colors  and shapes. So they all look good  on a platter. Do these look good? That's a joke. I don't know which one  I want. And pecan bars. Oh, I love pecan bars. I think we'll do  quadrants of things. I would never think  to do that. That looks great.  You wouldn't? Oh, good.  Oh, good. This is what we used to do  in the store. I did them  for, like, 20 years. Oh, my.  I can imagine. Can you imagine  how many we did? Okay.  Then, we have cookies. So the shape is round there.  Lemon.  Okay. So we have a nice,  round-shape cookie. And we have  chocolate cookies. Oh, those look  really good. Oh, don't those look  decadent? Incredible. So, I have biscotti  because I thought that's a different shape  and a different texture. Oh, yeah.  Does that look nice? Maybe something green  underneath them. I want to have as much texture  as possible and not have it too busy. So I would tend to take maybe  five different things or six. Okay.  So you just... You have a little bit of  texture, but it's not a mess. Okay. I actually always put  something that's fruit. So long-stem strawberries  are just fantastic. Right there. Just pile 'em right  up in the middle. And then there are  some lemon bars. Where are we going to put  these lemon bars? I think we can kind of  slide these guys over. Oh, perfect.  How's that? Okay. And I'm even going to put  even more on. Yeah. And that's  a dessert platter. Oh, my gosh. I mean, and you didn't  have to bake a thing. That's gorgeous.  How easy is that? Okay. Let's see how this looks  on the table. How's that? Think anybody  will like dessert? Oh, no, not at all.  This looks beautiful, Ina. I think we're all set. I think there a couple things  to do. You're going to light  the candles. Right. Put the wine on ice. That's right. And unwrap the cheese. There we go. And that's all you have to do, right? And you can tell everybody they're local ingredients. Oh, they're going  to love that. Except maybe the lemons. That's okay. Have a wonderful party.  Thank you, Ina. Thank you so much  for your help. It was so much fun. Will you call me at the end? Absolutely. It's our secret. Okay. Nobody will know. I'll tell them  I did it all myself. Exactly.  All right.  Thanks, Ina. Now, that's going to be  a fun party. I know. In the summer, this  cottage is going to be amazing. It's so perfect. There is so much good produce  in the Hamptons. That's kind of something that surprised me, actually, about living here is all the farmstands and the local stands. Oh, this food is so  delicious. I'm so impressed. Well, my plate is  already empty. Hey, guys. I just want to propose  a toast to Lidey. Thank you so much for having us. Thank you guys  for being here. To Lidey. Cheers.  To Lidey. Cheers. - Hi, Lidey. - Hi, Ina. I just wanted to let you know  that the party is fantastic. Isn't that great? I'm so glad you called. Thank you so much, Ina.  Good night. Bye, Lidey. Wow. Well, my first party  was a total disaster. I'm so glad Lidey's  was a major success. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 