Barefoot Contessa: Season 21, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Barefoot Contessa 
 s21e4 - Barbecues and Bouquets - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Barefoot Contessa (2002–…): Season 21, Episode 4 - Barbecues and Bouquets - full transcript 
 Surf-and-turf grilling recipes are prepared. On the menu: gazpacho with goat's cheese croûtons; mustard-marinated flank steak; Sicilian swordfish. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm Ina Garten,  the "Barefoot Contessa." I'm having a party,  and you're invited. Surprise! Happy birthday! Cheers! Let the celebrations begin. It's our sapphire anniversary, and I'm thinking a romantic  candlelit dinner in the garden would be just perfect. Jeffrey's favorite chicken  is getting a makeover. This time,  it's crispy mustard chicken. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And keeping with the crisp, there's fabulous roasted kale  on the side, along with creamy cheddar grits. When we were first married,  we lived in the south, so it's a real nostalgic  comfort food. Dessert's inspired by  a restaurant we used to go to for our anniversary -- chocolate peanut butter globs. How does that sound? There's  a gorgeous table setting, and Jeffrey's  picking out the wine. I like all three of these. So, it's just the two of us eating dinner alfresco  under the stars. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How romantic is that  after 45 years? 45 years -- Can you believe it? Sounds like something  my parents would say. So, I was trying  to find some inspiration from things that Jeffrey and I  have done together for this meal, and one of them is we used to go to...all the time, and it was just  an incredible restaurant. They made these chocolate globs  that were so delicious, and I thought, "I'm gonna make  a variation on them." I'm making  chocolate peanut butter globs. So, I'm starting with  two extra-large eggs. The original ones actually didn't have peanut butter chips  in them, but I thought, "Nothing's ever made worse  with peanut butter, right?" So, I've got  two extra-large eggs and 1 tablespoon  of instant espresso powder. And that really  brings out the chocolate. Plus 2 teaspoons of vanilla. That also brings out  the chocolate flavor. These cookies  are actually amazing. They're like these big mounds,  and they're stuffed with chocolate chips  and peanut butter chips and pecans and walnuts. They're so good. So, I'm just gonna  mix this all up. Then I need 3/4 cup of sugar. So, Jeffrey and I have divided up the tasks for dinner. He's at the vineyard.  He's choosing wines. And I'm in charge  of baking and cooking. Wait a minute. That doesn't  sound fair, does it? So, this is gonna mix on high  speed for about two minutes. Then we're gonna add  lots of really good stuff. Well, I'm off to get some wine  for the anniversary dinner. Ina said  she'd take care of the food, and I'm gonna  take care of the wine. Okay,  the mixture is perfect now. I'll show you what happens. This is why it's important for the eggs  to be at room temperature, because you want it to sort of fall back on itself on a ribbon. That's exactly where it is. So, now it's time  to add the chocolate, and what I've done is, I've melted the chocolate ahead. It's really easy to do. All I did was put 6 tablespoons  of unsalted butter into a bowl set over a pan  of simmering water, with 6 ounces  of semisweet chocolate chips, 2 ounces  of unsweetened chocolate, and just melted  everything together until it was just melted. Then, I just took the mixture  off to cool. Okay, so with the mixer on low, I'm just gonna add  the chocolate. This is very chocolaty. You want to be sure  this is really cool, because the last thing you want is to add hot chocolate to eggs. You'll have  chocolate scrambled eggs... nobody's idea of a good dessert. Okay, that's in. Okay.  So, now, the dry mixture. The first thing  is 1/3 cup of flour. One reason why these are so intensely chocolaty and fudgy is it's got very little flour  in it. 1 teaspoon of baking powder. And 1/4 teaspoon of salt. And just mix that together. And then, with the mixer on low, just put it in really slowly  so it gets mixed in. And then, I'm gonna add  all kinds of nuts and chips. Great. So, I need 1 cup  of whole pecan halves. It's really important that they be whole pecan halves, as opposed to chopped pecans. I need 1 cup  of whole walnut halves, and, again, it's really important for these to be whole, because then it's gonna be  really chunky in the cookie. 2/3 cup of peanut butter chips. Yum. Have to stop myself from eating them while I'm making it. And 6 ounces of chocolate chips,  semisweet chocolate chips. Put them right in. And then, the key to this  is 1 tablespoon of flour. And what that does is keep them from sinking  to the bottom of the mixture. So, I'm just gonna mix them up  like this. I mean, it looks like trail mix  to start with. Okay, now, I'm gonna add  the chocolate mixture. Jeffrey loves these,  so I thought, "Why not?" It just smells  incredibly chocolaty. Fabulous. I'm just gonna  fold these together, and then I'm gonna make  these globs, chocolate globs. I think Jeffrey's  gonna like this. I know I say that all the time, but I think, particularly,  Jeffrey's gonna like this. I wonder what he's up to  at the vineyard. Hi.  Hello. Welcome to Wolffer Estate,  Jeffrey. I'm Roman.  Nice to meet you. And I'm really  looking forward to show you the estate,  the vineyards. Okay, great! That's where it all starts,  out here. So, I'm looking for  a great white wine. Well, you came to  the right place. This is our chardonnay. Hmm, delicious! Wonderfully sweet. And you make the wine  out of that, right? That's it.  So, come and taste some. Love to.  All right. Okay, time to make some globs. I love what they're called. So, got a sheet pan  lined with parchment paper, two spoons -- real easy. And I'm just gonna make  a round ball with this. Just scoop it out  right onto the sheet pan. How bad does that look? Jeffrey and I came across  our wedding album recently. Oh, my goodness,  we were so young! I was actually wearing  a brocade dress with mink trim. If Jeffrey had known my taste  for luxury, he should have run. And Jeffrey came  in his beautiful uniform. He looked amazing. We got married at my house. Everyone  was in their best clothes. I remember dancing  with my father, and we had this incredible  tiered wedding cake. We were so young.  We looked so happy. And the good news is,  we still are! I'm so glad  we found those photos! Okay, into the oven --  325 for 15 minutes, and we're gonna have  chocolate peanut butter globs. Next, crispy mustard chicken  and creamy cheddar grits for a real walk down memory lane  to when we were first married. Then,  I'm making crispy roasted kale while Jeffrey gets the wine for our romantic dinner  under the stars. It's Jeffrey and my  45th wedding anniversary. Can you believe it? So, I'm making  panko-crusted mustard chicken, which is so delicious. I'm not saying anything  about Jeffrey and chicken. And I'm gonna start  with the crust. So, that's 1 tablespoon  of fresh thyme. I've got four cloves of garlic.  Right into the food processor. 2 teaspoons of salt. 1 teaspoon of pepper. I'm just gonna chop that up  really finely. How easy is this? I want it finely minced. Love food processors. Okay, next is 2 cups of panko. This is the crispy part. Panko's actually  Japanese bread flakes. You can find them anywhere now. I find they're a little crisper  than bread crumbs. 1 tablespoon of lemon zest. I love lemon and chicken  together. Right in. And then,  just to moisten the crumbs, 2 tablespoons of olive oil. And 2 tablespoons  of melted butter. That's gonna make the crumbs really nice and brown on the top when it bakes. Just give it a mix  just to moisten the crumbs. Okay, that's the topping.  Next is the mustard dip. So,  the topping goes into one bowl. It smells wonderful. I love the lemon and thyme  together. It's just great. So, next is the mustard glaze. And what this is, is instead of dipping it in egg, which you usually do  before the crumbs, I'm dipping it in white wine  and mustard, and it gives it so much flavor. So, 1/2 cup of white wine. Just use a regular,  dry white wine. Pour it in the bowl. And 1/2 cup of mustard.  I just use good Dijon mustard. Whatever you like. Such a great combination,  mustard and white wine. So, what I did was,  I asked the butcher to cut up one chicken  into eight pieces and then to cut the breasts  in half. It's on the bone.  I'll show you how it works. So, the first thing I do,  I always pat it dry, because the coating's  gonna work better if I do that. So, I'll just take  these eight pieces and just put it  on a paper towel and then pat it dry  with another paper towel. And that way, the coating  really sticks much better. Okay, so, make sure  it's perfectly seasoned. One side. And pepper. And just turn it over  and do the same thing again. Sometimes, when you eat chicken, there's a lot of flavor  on the outside but there's nothing inside. It's kind of a little dead  on the inside. And with salt and pepper, it really wakes up the flavor  of the chicken. Okay, so now I'm gonna take  each piece of chicken, gonna dip it  in the mustard and wine. Dip it both sides so it gets  nicely coated. Lots of flavor. And then, just dip the top,  the skin side, in the crumbs -- panko, lemon, thyme. And then  right onto a sheet pan. I hope Jeffrey's having a  wonderful time at the vineyard. I know he is. So, I understand Ina is looking for a white wine for the dinner. We have three different white wines that I recommend. This is the Wolffer Classic White. It's a blend of gewurztraminer, Riesling, and chardonnay. And a beautiful  balanced wine. Oh, I love that! The next wine, it gets more intensive. This is our White Mischief. It's a White Horse,  our reserve wines. This is wild yeast  fermented. This is extremely smooth. Yeah, it's a beautiful chardonnay. It's kind of like velvet. Much creamier, and this would go  with a richer dish. And then, last, not least,  this is our Pearl. This is our most classic wine. This was 100%  barrel-fermented. Very traditional way  of making a wine. Oh, this is stronger. Actually, I like this. I love all three of them. Thank you. I'm gonna pick this one because I love the elegance  of it, and I love the smoothness, and I think it will be perfect  with a very special dinner. Thank you. The White Mischief, it's one of our flagship wines. I think you made a good choice.  Did I make a good choice? Yeah.  Okay. I'm not gonna let it  go to waste, here. Cheers!  Cheers! Okay, last two pieces. Now, the reason why  I do this on the bone is I actually think,  when it bakes, it stays much moister that way. So, it's gonna be  delicious chicken. For the leg and the wings,  I coat the whole thing because there's skin  all the way around. Okay, last piece. This just smells so good, the mustard and thyme  and the lemon and the panko. Perfect. And if there's some crumbs  leftover, I just sort of kind of pat them  on the top. More crumbs never hurt anything. Just makes it crispier. Okay, these are all ready  to bake later. I wonder what Jeffrey's up to  in that vineyard. I haven't heard from him  in a while. I'm starting to worry. So, this is the White Mischief. And through the grapevine, I heard that it's your anniversary. And, for you and Ina, we gave you the Noblesse Oblige, our very special  sparkling wine. Isn't that wonderful? Enjoy it, and please give my best to Ina. It's been a very special day.  Thank you very much. Thank you. I think the chocolate  peanut butter globs are done. Oh, do these look fantastic. Wow! This is gonna be perfect  for dessert. Next, it's creamy cheddar grits  on the menu. They're so good. Then, I'm setting  the anniversary table for our dinner under the stars. It's Jeffrey and my  45th wedding anniversary. I can't believe it! And I decided for a celebration  we'd do dinner together. So, he's doing the wine,  and I'm making the dinner. A lot of people don't know this.  I was 20 when we got married. He was 21. And we actually lived in North Carolina in the beginning. He was in the military. So, I decided I'm gonna make  a side dish from the south. I'm making grits with cheddar.  It's so good. So, I've got 4 cups  of boiling water. Gonna add 2 teaspoons of salt. This is surprisingly  so delicious. So, it's 1 cup of grits. It's really like making polenta.  You just put it in slowly. You don't want it  to get all clumped together. So, I'm just gonna bring this  to a boil and then lower the heat and simmer it  for five to seven minutes. Jeffrey's never gonna believe he's having this  for a side dish. Ina and I were looking at our  wedding album the other day, and she joked and said, "We didn't have  a framed picture." I'm gonna fix that now. Hi, Vivienne.  Hi, Jeffrey. You got it?  I've got it! Oh, look at that! I looked a lot younger,  huh? Just a little bit. It's a wonderful photo. You know, sometimes I don't know  whether Ina likes a surprise, but I think, in this case, I think  she'll really love it. Thank you very much. Thanks.  Good to see you. You too. I'm just gonna add half-and-half  and butter to it now. It's gonna taste really creamy. So, I need 1 1/4 cups  of half-and-half. Okay, right in. Just whisk it in. It looks a little thin now, but it's gonna get thicker  as it cooks. Pour that in. And 2 tablespoons of butter. And just bring that to a boil,  and then I'm gonna cover it and let it simmer  for about 45 minutes. I'll just stir it occasionally. Now, I always think  about celebrations as being these huge things, like  weddings, traditional things, sort of the usual markers  in life, but I think it's really nice for celebrations to be small, also, to really just celebrate  the things in your life that are really important. So, we always make a big deal  out of anniversaries. And the ones I like best  are just the two of us. Let it simmer away  for 45 minutes. It's gonna get thick and rich  and just delicious. Okay, it's right there.  Lower the heat. Great. Time to bake the chicken. So, 350 degrees for 40 minutes. It's gonna be really crisp  on top and so succulent and delicious  inside... ...which is just the right amount of time to set the table. It's an amazingly warm evening. I thought, "Wouldn't it be romantic to  just eat out under the stars?" So, I think I'm gonna set the  stone table for Jeffrey and me. Let's see. Instead of at the ends,  I think right in the middle. I'm gonna get the table all set. Here it goes. 45th anniversary is sapphire,  so blue cloth. I want to create an intimate setting at a big table, so I'm gonna bookend  the place settings with hurricane lamps filled  with white unscented candles and then  some small votive candles, white plates, the good silver --  knives and forks -- and two glasses -- one for water and one for the wine  that Jeffrey's getting -- white linen napkins,  blue hydrangeas, and, finally,  two chairs facing each other. Okay. Last few things. I've got ice bucket  for the wine, table is done. I've got matches  for the fire pit, and the scene is set. Next, crispy roasted kale  puts the finishing touch to my celebration menu. And all is revealed  in what Jeffrey's been up to. And it's our moonlight dinner. I can't believe we've been married for 45 years. It's Jeffrey and my  45th wedding anniversary. I can't believe it. And I thought  a little private celebration would just be perfect. And the vegetable is, like, the easiest vegetable  I've ever made in my life. It's crispy roasted kale. And you want to take  this big stalk off 'cause it's kind of too chewy. So you can either take a knife  and cut it off, or, what I do is, I just hold it upside down  and just tear it off. And the hard stalk  comes right out. Next thing I want to do is just  wash it really, really well 'cause kale sometimes gets  a little dirt in the leaves. So,  this 1 1/4 pounds of kale. I'm just gonna drain it. In order for it  to get really crispy, I want it to be very dry. Love my salad spinner. Kale's also good  for, like, a slaw. It's really wonderful just raw. Olive oil. Lots of salt. Pepper. Okay. Into the oven. 350 degrees for 15 minutes,  and it'll be really crispy. So, the grits have been cooking  for 45 minutes, and they look  absolutely perfect. So, off the heat, I'm gonna add two things  that have great flavor -- 1 1/2 cups  of really good cheddar, grated, and 1/2 cup of scallions  right in. Give it a big stir. Okay, into the bowl. Okay, and a little bit  of cheddar and scallions so Jeffrey knows what it is. Next, the chicken. Perfect. I'm just gonna put them  in a big bowl. Nice and hot and crisp. This is a lot of chicken  for two, but the good news is,  it's great for leftovers. And next, crispy roasted kale. It's so crispy.  Isn't this incredible? Just pile it high in the bowl. And I would say  anniversary dinner is ready. Hi, sweetie.  Hi. Look what I got! What do you have? I got two wonderful bottles. Oh, you did? Oh, look at that! Wow! I say  this goes right in here. And look what they gave us. Oh, my goodness!  You think we can have this tonight? I don't know! That would be the end of dinner,  I think. That's really nice. So, you ready for dinner?  Boy, I sure am! I hope you like it. Here's to putting up with me  for 45 years. Oh, god! I need a really big glass of wine. I need a scotch! How about some chicken? Oh, yeah, that looks good! It's crispy  mustard-roasted chicken. And since you and I started out  in North Carolina, I made cheddar grits. Oh, well, how appropriate,  how appropriate! Boy, that looks good! Was there a moment  in North Carolina you thought, "Oh, my God. I've made  the worst mistake of my life"? Uh... Okay,  you don't get any kale! Oh, yeah, give me some of that kale. That kale looks fantastic!  Crispy kale. Is the grits good? Oh, that's fantastic! It's the first time  I've ever made grits. Yeah, this chicken is amazing! We're gonna have this for every anniversary. That was fantastic!  Thank you. That was really, really good. I'm so glad.  You ready for dessert? How about if you meet me  at the fire pit? Okay, sounds great.  Okay? Okay. So, remember we used to go  to... and you used to have chocolate globs for dessert? Yeah. That's what I made. How's that?  Hey, guess what. What?  I got something for you. You weren't supposed to  get me a present! No, it's a little thing. What is it? Look at this. Look at that. Aww! That's really sweet. You look exactly the same. I don't look  at all the same! You look just like that,  yeah. That was a great day.  Let me try one of these globs. Have a glob. Unbelievable! Are they good? That has everything! Here's to 45 more years. -- Captions by VITAC -- Closed Captions provided by  Scripps Networks, LLC. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 