The Kettering Incident: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Kettering Incident 
 s1e6 - Roy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Kettering Incident (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Roy - full transcript 
 Anna finds evidence linked to Chloe up at Mother Sullivan's Ridge. When Wendy Macy turns up there too, Constable McFadden realizes the Macys know more than they've let on. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Tell me, Senior Constable, did you speak directly to Detective Sergeant Dutch at any point with these allegations? Given the circumstances, I didn't think that that was wise. Really? Why not? I believe, uh, he could have had time to conceal the evidence, and... So you thought it was better to drop a senior officer, from a great police family, right into the shit from the get go. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Well, I thought the seriousness of the situation warranted that I... You not heard of honor, son? Steve. Young McFadden was possibly right to raise this concern. If these matters were true, then there'd be serious questions that need to be answered. Well, I'm convinced they are true, sir. I found the drugs in his locker... You don't think that might be an offence? I was looking to return a cardigan to the girl's mother, a cardigan that he denied ever taking, and... Yes, I'm aware of these matters. Senior Detective Dutch has been reporting directly to me. Necessarily hush-hush, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 because we believe there may be certain organized crime figures involved. Everything you have mentioned has been lodged directly with me, including the drugs in his locker. All there. As you see, dated well before your discovery. It was correct procedure to bring it directly to us. Thank you. You may return to your station now. Thanks, Senior Constable. Tell me about the world outside. How long? Couple of weeks. What am I going to tell the boys, huh? Well, you did promise you could deliver, mate. And I fuckin' tried. Oh, well, I know it must be hard. Hard? You think this is hard? Well, the new owners might... The new owners have no intention of running this as a wood mill, Jack, and you know that as well as I fuckin' do. Who's gonna buy a wood mill that's been running at a loss for five years, huh? They're gonna turn it into a fuckin' tourist farm for UFO nutters, or a fuckin' art gallery, getting paper made from cocoa palms from the fuckin' Amazon or some shit. How the fuck is that gonna help this town? Tourism, that's not a bad thing, mate. You know what? Fuck off. Get out of my office. I can't deal with you right now. I gotta find a way to tell the men of this town that their livelihoods have gone down the fuckin' gurgler! Oh, Christ, Chloe. How many cooks went through here when you owned the place? - One. A month. They come here to escape the rat race. 13,000 parmas later, they run back home. - Don't knock the parma. Oh! - Oh! - Look at that. - Ugh. - Right, that's it. God is definitely telling us something. Oh! You were out for a drive? Patrolling penguins or something? Or something. Apparently Travis Kingston hasn't been seen since yesterday afternoon. He's probably got some poor tourists trapped in a cave somewhere. Did Dane call in? I told him not to bother. - Why? I've organized for a few men to look over Mother Sullivan's Ridge. Is this based on the flowers that you found? Apparently, they grow up there. Seems like a good place to start. Pretty ironic, eh? Max's daughter being killed on his own property? I'd call it tragic, but I guess that's what makes us different. So, hypothetically, Chloe's body was lugged across Sullivan's Ridge all the way to the mill. Or someone drove it. You see the state of her clothes? Uh-uh. We're looking for a strong bastard. - Travis Kingston? - Yeah, maybe. - A logger? - Then I ask myself who gains by moving her. If you're a logger, why not just dump her in the middle of Mordor? Let's face it, no one goes up there. - To put the blame on them. - You'd have to think so. But if not... An activist might have done it. You kill her... You dump her body at the mill, dirty logging fascists get the blame and the pristine wilderness is saved for our children's children. By the way... You can return this to Barbara Holloway. I forgot I had it. Senior Constable Fergus McFadden. You're where? Just stay where you are. Runaway penguin. Anna! What the fuck! How did no one notice that? Because a week ago, this dam was completely full of water. How do you know that? What are you doing here? There's something else. This must have been where she was murdered. She told me about this place at the party. Please, Anna, you said you knew nothing. Day after the party, I realized I'd left my coat in her car. When she didn't come home, I came here. And? It was folded up on a table in the house. Why didn't you tell me about this place? I promised I'd keep it secret. - I didn't know she was dead. - Right. And when her body turned up? - I couldn't remember what had happened. - I knew I'd be blamed... - What the fuck are you talking about? Stop pulling this 'I can't remember' bullshit on me. I was found up here when Gillian disappeared. - What? - Lofty found me here. Dad arrested him to cover. Cover for who? - Look at the way Dutch accused me. - Oh! Fergus, even my own father thinks I killed Gillian. - Fergus. - Shut up, Anna. Just shut the fuck up! I have to call this in. Did you touch anything? - Just the car. - Jesus. There were sleeping bags in the house. Five or six of them. - Think someone was living there. - Right. And you never thought to report that, either? McFadden to base. Ah, go ahead. - Yeah, I'm up at the old Sullivan... Hang on a sec. Anna! Anna! Mum. Mum... Please. "And someone called me by my name, "It had become a glimmering girl "With apple blossom in her hair Mum... "Who called me by my name and ran "And faded through the brightening air" Holy shit. What's going on? What's your mother doing here? Fergus, I have to get her back. She's lost a lot of blood. I have to stay here. You take her to the hospital. I don't know where my car is. How'd you get here? Oh, shit. Are you leaving a crime scene? What's she doing here? Who's that? It's my mother. Anna was just looking for her Mum. She found her wandering. I have to get her to a hospital. Here. Bring it back to the station. Fergus, fill me in. Forensics are on their way to the piggery to check on the blood. What is this place? Who owns it? Well, it's the old Sullivan place, but the Graysons, they bought it a few years back. Is there anyone in this town who isn't a fuckin' Sullivan or a Grayson? Me. And what a rare creature you are, Fergus. What was Anna doing here with her mother? Honestly, I don't know. - Lofty's a Sullivan, isn't he? - Yeah. But he'd have no reason to hurt Chloe. Why would anyone have a reason, Fergus? You fuckin' bitch. Two things I discovered that you missed. The ute went into the dam after it was drained. The paperwork's dry. And second, it was Chloe that was tipping off the Greenies about the loggers' plans. Get fingerprints to scan it. We've got a few different tire marks around the piggery, some fairly fresh that don't match Chloe's ute. Check every logger's tires, including Max Holloway. Speaking of tyre marks, where are they? And where'd all the water go? There is no way these notions are insignificant. I've done my research. I said I've done my research. What are you doing here? I heard your mother went AWOL. - Is she all right? - No, she's not all right. Why are you here? I help out from time to time. Drop in on some of my former patients. Including my mother? I'm very fond of Wendy, you know that. You should have told me. I assumed you knew. You had me admitted here. Why didn't you tell me? Because I didn't think it was in your best interests. I think I'm a better judge of what my best interests are. Let it go, Anna. Move on. It's not healthy to dwell on your past. Stop, it's the wrong blood. She's O, she's not AB. It says AB on her chart. Then her chart's bloody wrong. I know. I'm her daughter. Who, as I understand, hasn't been around for the last 15 years. Unless she's had leukaemia and a bone marrow transplant in the last 15 years, which presumably you'd know, being her doctor, she can't be AB. Right. I'll check. Again. Barb. How are you? Is Travis around? He's away at the moment. Why? Did he ever talk to you about Chloe? No. Why are you asking me that? He used to hassle her. Follow her around. Do you know that? Why are you being like this? Because my daughter is lying on a cold slab in the morgue and some fucker killed her, that's why. You don't have to take it out on me. I lost a daughter, too, you know. Of course I bloody know! It's all this town's heard about for the past 15 years. I'm sorry, I'm just... I am very, very tired. And I want to talk to Travis. You can't bear me being happy, can you? You never liked Travis. He's never stood up beside the likes of Max or the other men in this town. You think I don't know how you and the others talk about him? We worry about you. Don't. Be happy for me. What do you really want, Barbara? I want to know what happened to Chloe. I'm sorry. Of course you do. We all do... We all... The police will work it out. They'll catch the bastard. I know they will. You just have to have faith. You just have to. I used to think that if I went up the mountain and the moon was full, that I'd just be able to, like, climb up onto it. It's like there's a whole another world up there. Like two for the price of one. They're just a trick of the light, Lize. It's just dust and shit in the atmosphere. Do you miss her? I do. Like every day. Don't. Who else have I got to talk to? Look... I gotta go to work. My shift starts at three. Wait. Can you give me a hug? So that I don't disappear? I think you'll find our test results are a little more accurate than your memory. I know my mother's blood type because I know my own. Whatever her grouping is now, it's changed from what it was. Your mother has lost a lot of blood. She needs a transfusion, now. How is she? Do you know Mum's blood type? - No, why? - Oh, forget it. Fergus said you found her out at the Sullivan house. What were you doing right out there? - I went out there to murder her. - Anna. I go out there sometimes and check on Gillian's corpse. Now cut it out, will you? - Well, that's what you think, isn't it? - I don't think that. Is that Yeats? She likes it when I read to her. She would. Anna told me that she was found up at Mother Sullivan's Ridge when Gillian went missing. What? Well, everyone thought that she was found in Kettering Forest. That's where they went. But she was found up at the old Sullivan house. Isn't that an odd coincidence? Yeah, it would be if I believed in coincidences. Barb. Max. This way. Who could have done this to her? That's what we're going to find out, Barb. Now, are you sure there was no one that she was seeing, or that she may have met up there, or... She used to go up there, sometimes. You know, with that stupid UFO group. - Lofty Sullivan's part of that group, isn't he? - Lofty? He wouldn't hurt Chloe. She used to knit for him. It was Chloe that was tipping off the Greenies. What? We found papers in her car. Emails from your computer. I don't believe you. Where were you the night she was killed, Max? - Dutch. - I was at home. Tell him. Barb. I don't know. - Were you home, Barb? - No. I was at Renae's. So you were home alone, Max? Yes. What the fuck is this? Are you accusing me of killing my own daughter now? We believe Chloe's body was up at Mother Sullivan's Ridge at some point. You own that property with Grayson, don't you? Yes. We've got forensics about to go in. Your daughter's body had radiation poisoning. Now is there anything up there that might have caused it? No. It's a bloody forest. I mean, how would radiation get up there? We'll just have to wait and see. Deb, is Matilda here? None of the girls are at dance practise. I'm not letting Matilda out of my sight until the find out who killed Chloe. - None of the mothers are. - I understand. You haven't seen Travis in here, have you? No. Actually, I haven't seen him in a while. Never mind. He's probably at the Cygnet office. Fergus? Think we can rule out a university professor. More than half the town still thinks Anna did it, you know? So? More than half the town believes in spaceships. But you don't believe she did it? No. I don't. Is that the cop speaking, or your trousers? I'm not rootin' the murderer', if that's what you're saying. But somewhere you'd like to. What is it about people who leave a place that makes them so much more attractive than those of us who stay? Is it you just get bored with the same breakfast cereal, or do they pick up something overseas that makes them so special? It's not like that. And you are special. Yeah, I know that. And if she'd never come back, you would have really known that. Now neither of us gets what we want. Don't you want a shower? My hot water was fixed over a month ago. Dr McKenzie? I don't think this is a good idea, Dr Macy. Now you're back, I'm getting calls again. From whom? I have no idea. They call, stay on the line and then they hang up. I just need to run some tests on Mum's blood. There's something so strange. Like what? You used to treat her. That was a good while ago. She never had leukaemia or anything that required a bone marrow transplant, did she? Not while she was my patient. Her blood group's changed from O to AB. What the hell is that? Her red cells are showing severe anisocytoses. Can you see that? They're smaller and denser. Looks more bovine than human. I'll send it off for electron micrographs. I had another vial of blood checked. A young boy's. I thought he had hemochromatosis but the results didn't make any sense to me. It's like the analyser wasn't picking up any cells at all. But he had the markings? It's happening again. This is no coincidence. Personality changes, cancer clusters. All in the area of Kettering. It has to be connected to this. How much did you know? I didn't get this far. I was asked to leave. Well you must have kept records. Show them to me. No, I'm sorry. It's too dangerous. It would have been much easier if you'd have loved me. Hello, Travis? Mummy? Mummy, please, help me! Mummy! Yeah, yes all of them. No, Jim said he'll give you your money back. Just make sure nobody eats them. You serving oysters in their own special sauce now? Oh, shit, I forgot to call Roy. Please tell me you didn't serve any. It'll deadset kill 'em. There's a few I wouldn't mind serving them to. What's happening? That is what bankruptcy looks like. Poor Jim. Last month we had the best oysters in the southern hemisphere, then after that bloody storm... - 80 mil in an hour. - Mother Sullivan's Ridge. God knows what got washed down. There's only trees up there. It's never been logged. It's old growth. Something's up there. The Devils have got tumours, the oysters are deformed and we're rooted. How many are ruined? One, a million, doesn't matter. A bad batch closes this place. First the mill, now this. Tim, have you ever seen blood changed from anything other than a bone marrow transplant? I'm very well and thanks for asking. - Sorry. - How are you? I'm fine. Great. Well, look, I, uh... I haven't personally seen blood groups change but it is conceivable, I suppose. Science is only what we know today. Is it related to the markings you were talking about yesterday? Anna, are you there? Yes, so the markings. I don't know. Well, I can look into it. But I'm glad you called. The Board has accepted your resignation, but there's an issue which we need to talk about. A problem's come up concerning Frank Henderson, your patient who died. - Can it wait? - No, it can't. When's a good time for you? Tim, I've got to call back. I've gotta go. Science,or rather the men who controlled science, don't appreciate it when their rules are challenged. Of course, we used to have religion and that told us that the earth was created 7,000 years ago, it was flat, and the sun revolved around us because God told it to. Now, we have science. Science is the God to who we all pray and it tells us that our sun is, in fact, a perfectly spherical star made up of hot plasma, held together by incredibly powerful magnetic forces. But there are still things that science can't explain. It can't explain your soul. Does a rush of hormones and testosterone fully describe what it is to fall in love? And can science explain the excruciating loss we feel when that person we love most dies? Science doesn't have all the answers. I was working at an Antarctic base in 1998. Whilst I was there, I witnessed things, recorded things, that are beyond the understanding of Newtonian physics. Geomagnetic anomalies so bizarre that the government felt it necessary to stifle all further research. Anna, you came. You said something about the humming. What do you know? Ah, it's related to a signal I first detected down in Antarctica. It wasn't recognized by universal codes. It could be a submarine, or a drone. All I know is that the signal's intensity increases during heightened solar activity. A team of scientists were working near the source of the signal. They were out there for four or five days. When they didn't return, a search party was sent out. Apparently, one of them had gone completely mad and murdered the other five. What happened to him? Died of exposure, presumably. No body was ever found. The whole thing was hushed up, of course. And what are you saying caused this man to be so violent? Whatever was down there was emitting electromagnetic waves that have a profound effect on the human body. - But Tasmania's... - I am detecting the same signal here, Anna, somehow. It would really interest me to know what you were exposed to at the time of the Kettering Incident. And what you believe happened to Gillian Baxter. Join the queue. Sorry. - Message received at 1:40... Anna, it's Fiona McKenzie. I checked your mother's blood against mine. Whatever is in her blood completely changed the structure of mine. I need to look at that boy's blood you were telling me about. Call me back immediately. This is Fiona McKenzie. Please leave a brief message after the beep. Forensics reckon they got a clear fingerprint from the underside of Chloe's belt, plus several from the crime scene. We should start bringing in the main suspects for fingerprinting. Starting with your girlfriend. I'll get Anna. Good. We've got five sets of tyre treads. Three are from four wheel drives, one's a sedan, and God knows what that one is. It's balder than Bruce Willis. It's Lofty's. I've been at him to get new ones for a month. What, you didn't want to hit him with a roadworthy? Or he's too much of a mate? - Hey, Lize. - Hey. Jump in. How're you holding up? Fine. Has Travis turned up yet? Nuh. I had to give refunds to all of the tourists. I need to ask you a question. And I need you to be really honest with me. It's about Travis. Is it true, what you said? What do you mean? Eliza, you said he raped you. If it is true, then I'll take you at your word and I'll bring him in. Have you seen the twin moon up there? Yeah. Lize? Why do you lie like that? I know you must be going through a tough time at the moment, especially with Chloe gone, but you can't keep telling lies. Thanks, Fergus. You're always nice to me. You're a good kid, Lize. Oh. What are you doing? Sorry. Hey, Lofty! We need to talk. What? I didn't do anything! I know. I know, it's okay. It's just for a quick chat, all right? Lofty? Your ute was at the scene. There's fingerprints all over the place and there's blood in the back of your ute. - It was a seal. - Oh. It was hit by a trawler. - I help rescue them. - It's true, all right? He helps out with wildlife rescues. They rescue injured sea life, they nurse them back to health or they have them put down. I don't care if he grills them with a side serve of chips. He's going inside until I know whose damn blood it is. Um, I need to be excused. Interview is suspended at 3:45 pm. Two minutes. He's been through enough. What the fuck do you think this job entails? Covering for suspects and making excuses for people you like? You are one miserable excuse for a cop. Yeah. I'm getting that feeling myself. I think I see what it takes to survive. Dr McKenzie? Dr Macy? This is Nurse Patterson. Your mother has taken ill. - Is my father with her? - No, we can't get hold of him. Could you try him again, please? I'm on my way. I was gonna call. Yeah, I dropped by your place. Where you been? I took off for a couple of days. It hit me. Chloe, you know? Yeah. Yeah, I reckon everyone's been feeling pretty flat. The night of the party. You weren't at Franklin Shed, were ya? I think it might be a good idea to start over. I was pissed off with Chloe. I wiped myself out. I didn't get home until the next day. Did you have any idea that she was selling? - That's why she got killed, isn't it? - Is that what you think? Do you know who she was working for? Detective Dutch. We both were. I think he killed her. Are you willing to make a statement about that? Yeah. I'll do it. I wanna nail the prick. Good man. Fergus, I've been meaning to catch up with you. You left early from my do the other night. Yeah. Well, ah, we were busy. So I hear. Did you want me for something? No, no. I thought I'd have a coffee with young Dane here. Okay. Talk to you soon, Dane. Yeah. Call me if you need me. Hello, mate. She just went into renal failure. It was like everything just shut down. It has to be the blood. It's not the blood. We've tested her on every available machine. She's AB. What would you have me do, Anna? Put through a blood group that I know to be wrong? No. You're right, I'm wrong. She's dying and I can't even begin to tell you why. Sometimes we die because we die. What are you doing? No! She was always an outsider. Always felt isolated, like a lot of the women in this town. So she should have bloody left. How? She loved you. "I went out to the hazel wood, "Because a fire was in my head, "And cut and peeled a hazel wand, "And hooked a berry to a thread, "And when white moths were on the wing, "And moth-like stars were flickering out, "I dropped the berry in a stream "And caught a little silver trout. "When I had laid it on the floor "I went to blow the fire a-flame, "But something rustled on the floor, "And someone called me by my name, "It had become a glimmering girl "With apple blossom in her hair "Who called me by my name and ran "And faded through the brightening air. "Though I am old with wandering "Through hollow lands and hilly lands, "I will find out where she has gone, "And kiss her lips and take her hands, "And walk among long dappled grass, "And pluck till time and times are done, "The silver apples of the moon, "The golden apples of the sun." 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 