Utopia Falls: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Utopia Falls 
 s1e8 - The Light - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Utopia Falls (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - The Light - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Good morning, candidates. All of your hard work, all of your training, it comes down to this. A performance for the people and a shot at advancing to the finals. Today's the day. The semifinals are upon us, with the first round of singles competition. Fourteen of you will take the stage, but only three will move on to the finals. Good luck to you all. Areas throughout Reform Sector 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 are being defaced with these images. You have to admit, the artist is talented. For a subversive. While you make light of the situation, radical elements are actively undermining our authority. These names and faces, they're missing citizens. They're not missing. I know exactly where they are. My point is, this isn't a rebellious display. It's an act of desperation. Don't kid yourself, Reia. We're talking about a dozen of the worst agitators from the riots. Their families have been holding daily demonstrations. The wrist scarves are an inspired touch, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 although a little overwrought. We can't allow this to go on. You can't expect us to capitulate to their demands. So, what do you propose? We just ignore them and hope they forget their missing partners and children? Ryden's right. We need to be firm or risk losing control. Enough! With the discovery of this ancient repository just outside the city limits, we now face increased scrutiny from our overseers in New Carthage. This... is the last thing we want them to see. How many times are you going to do this? Till I get it right. So how'd last night go? I don't want to talk about it. You didn't do it. Hey, I'm not judging you. It's up to you when or even if you decide. I went. I met with Authority Phydra and told her the truth, that I set the fire and that Bohdi's innocent. And? And nothing. She told me to leave. What? She didn't believe you? No, I'm sure she did. But instead of arresting me, she threatened me, and Aliyah, and all my friends if I ever repeated what I told her. And what about Bohdi? He's still locked up. They're going to make him pay for what I did. He loses everything and I‐‐. And I get to walk away free and clear. You know, maybe this is your punishment, knowing this isn't right and having to live with it. Apollo, I don't know what to do, but I need to fix this. Good morning, Bohdi. How are you today? Have you had breakfast? Yeah. Good. And Dr. Metri took a look at that burn, gave you something for the pain? Yeah. Great. So this is what's going to happen. I just need you to confirm a few things for me, and once that's done, you can head back to the Academy. You're letting me go? With a warning that will go on your record, but that shouldn't be cause for concern if you behave moving forward. The Exemplar semifinals are today. Miss out, and you'll be eliminated from competition. And nobody wants that. All right. When did you discover this hidden repository? About a week ago. Go on. That night, I snuck out of the city, to the restricted area. I go there sometimes to think. It's quiet. Anyway, I came across this opening in this rock face. It was this entrance to this Archive. And who was with you at the time? It was just me. I spent the night checking the place out. And what did you find? Much of what was inside was lost in the fire, so it would be helpful to know. It was music, mostly. I mean, there were books, but I never got around to reading them. Technology? Maybe. Yeah. But I didn't know how to work any of it. Hm. And how often did you and your friends revisit this place? I never took anyone with me. No, no, not on the night you discovered it. You've made that clear. On subsequent visits. No one. I was always alone. Come on, Bohdi. You discover this exciting new world of music and you keep it all to yourself? I was going to use it to help me in the Exemplar, and I didn't want anyone else getting the advantage. I don't believe that for a second. Besides, we have proof that you weren't alone. That others had access to the repository as well. You're not getting anyone in trouble. No one needs to know you named them. Just tell me who was with you, and I can let you go. I was alone. An opportunity like the Exemplar only comes around once in a lifetime. And you're about to throw it all away. Attention, citizens. Secured allotments of fresh produce have been curtailed to ensure a fair and proper distribution for all of New Babyl. Hi, I'm looking for Vega. I need to get some alterations made. Vega's not here anymore. What do you mean? The Authority took her away yesterday. What? Why? Because she got herself involved with the wrong people. So, please, if you're not going to buy something, move along. Brooklyn? It's Gran Riel. Of course. We met at the hospital. How are you? Well. I'm just doing a little shopping. That looks like more than a little. Well, we've got a lot of big appetites back home. What brings you to the market? Oh, I was looking to get some alterations made, but the merchant I usually go to, she's not here anymore. Well, I can do it for you. No, that's kind of you to offer. In exchange, you can help me carry all this back to Nature Sector. I'd call that a fair trade. Sounds good. So, Brooklyn, tell me your story. Aliyah? This is a nice surprise. I actually have something I want to talk to you about. You okay? I'm here for answers. And I want the truth this time. So you going to start being honest with me? About what exactly? The world outside the Shield. There is no world outside the Shield. That's a lie. One the Tribunal has been keeping for hundreds of years. We were told that we were the only survivors, that the Shield protected us from the toxins and radiations that left the rest of the world a wasteland. But I know that's not true, because I saw beyond it. What did you see? Life. Grass, plants, trees. And a city. All this time, we were told that we're alone. But it's all a lie. Why? To protect you. Okay, don't even try to‐‐ The world beyond is dangerous, and the Shield does protect us. But not in the way you were led to assume. Aliyah, I need you to tell me exactly where you went and what you saw. In the wise words of Gaia... We need to take this beyond the Exemplar. I know my sister and her friends would love to learn. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down. I'm not teaching classes. I'm not an expert. Well, you're the only one that knows this dance style, so that kind of makes you one. Ready for the‐‐? That was amazing. Sage, wait. A little help, please. Who were those soldiers? They're from another city. A place called New Carthage. And why can't we know about them? Because that's the deal that was made hundreds of years ago, after the war. New Babyl lost and became a tributary state. What does that mean? It means New Carthage rules over us. We're allowed to govern ourselves, but we have to pay them tributes in the forms of monthly shipments: Metals, minerals, textiles. Grains and other food? Is that why there's been shortages? Yes. What else? Tell me what else. Sometimes people, when they become a danger to the state, they get exiled to New Carthage. Ghosted. What? It's what people in Reform call it when they disappear. I know this seems unfair‐ Unfair? All this time, we thought the Shield was protecting us from what's outside, but really, it's been keeping us inside. New Babyl's just a prison. No, no, no. That's not true. The arrangement isn't ideal, but like I said, outside of the tributes, they allow us to operate independently of them. And you do that by lying to your own people? We don't have a choice. We've achieved all this by creating a sense of unity. And our citizens are united because as far as they know, we have no one else to rely on except each other. That's what makes us strong. Destroy that illusion, and it all falls apart. It's not right. You want to go back to the way things were? When people fought each other over how they looked, or what they believed, or who had more? This may not be perfect, but we built something amazing here. A community of equals that looks after each other. That's not true. Look what happened to Bohdi. What are you talking about? You don't know, do you? Know what? I guess what it feels like to be lied to. So how's Sage doing? She won't talk to me anymore. Ever since the riots. She feels that... No, she's right. I wasn't there for her. I was selfish, and I didn't consider her feelings, and she got hurt because of it. Sage getting hurt had nothing to do with you, unless you're telling me that you could stop a riot. Well, no, but... As for being wrong, that's life. People make mistakes. They learn from them and move on. Are you sorry? Yeah. Have you told her? Not exactly. I can't speak to what's going on in Sage's head, but I do know that girl well enough to tell you that she's got a big heart, and she really does care for you. Just find a way to talk to her. In the meantime, put on those gloves. And give me a hand... with those mealworms. Oh. Sierra, have you seen Brooklyn? No, not since this morning. What's going on? Nothing. Candidates... may I have your attention, please? Chancellor Diara is here to deliver a very important message regarding the Exemplar. Thank you, Mentors Chapter and Watts. This year, our community has been deeply moved by your wonderful performances. It is clear your youthful spirit has captured the hearts, of all our citizens. And so this year, victory will bring the ability to affect real change for your community, and for New Babyl as a whole. The winner of this year's competition will be named the first ever Cultural Liaison, and will be granted a seat on the Tribunal. Where, for the one year of their reign as Exemplar Champion, they will have a voice on how our city is run. I have nothing to say. Really? Not even a hello? Come on, sib. I thought you'd been ghosted. Yeah. Me too. If ghosted is being locked up in a cell for a couple of days, then yeah. What happened? Wait, why are you here? I did something I can't tell you about. Why not? I don't want to get you involved. Sounds serious. Serious enough. Look, I found something. Something I should have reported to the Authority, but instead, I kept it a secret. What is it? I can't tell you. And no one else knows about it but me... and now the Authority. What have I missed since I've been locked away? Is Sage okay? She's fine. But things are hot in Reform Sector. People are upset after the riots, the arrests. There have been demonstrations in support of the missing. How long do you think they'll keep it up? Until the Authority does the right thing and releases the citizens they're holding. Look, today's the semifinals. If Reform Sector finds out that both their candidates have been kicked out, it's going to get a whole lot worse. Time's up. I want to help you. You can't. Just stay quiet. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey. Did you always know you wanted such a big family? Gran Riel and I spent our lives as crèche guardians, raising other people's children. When it was time for us to start our family, it just natural. How did you know you wanted to be a crèche guardian? I didn't. It was a profession chosen for me, but one I grew to love. You were dissonant. I still am, technically. How have you dealt with it your whole life? I don't let it define me. But what about other people? I don't let them define me either. But why so many questions about my genetics? Ah, I see. You know, Gran Riel dreamt of being a scientist in Progress Sector before she became a crèche guardian. And you two bonded over the fact you were both dissonant? Oh, Gran Riel isn't dissonant. But you just said‐‐ She didn't become a scientist because she wasn't a good enough student. My father didn't become an engineer, because he chose to take care of his sick mother instead. Life is full of complications and unrealized dreams. But fulfillment comes in how you adjust. You're still young, child. You have your whole life to look forward to. Find happiness in who you are instead of who you think you should be. In the wise words of Gaia, follow your heart in service to New Babyl. Hey. I don't want to talk to you. Okay, that's fair, but just give me a second. A second? Is that how long it took you to burn down the Archive? Look I want to make things right. Do you? And how are you going to do that? What are you going to risk to help Bohdi? I can't take back what I've done, but we may have an opportunity to change things, at least for Bohdi. What are you talking about? Chancellor Diara said that the winner of the Exemplar will have a seat on the Tribunal, and a voice in how things are run here in New Babyl. If either of us win, we could get Bohdi pardoned. We could make sure he goes free. Are you serious? This new position is just another way for them to control us. You actually think they'll give us that kind of power? They've lied before, what's to stop them from lying again? The voice of an Exemplar winner, speaking to the people, letting them know exactly what's happening. Goodbye, Tempo. I'm sure you were going to eventually inform the rest Tribunal about your arrest of Bohdi 2. Of course. I simply wanted to complete my inquiry into the matter. You mean you wanted to wait until he named names. This isn't a witch hunt. I'm only interested in pursuing the truth. No, Phydra. You're only interested in information, because information is power. That's how you operate. If Bohdi implicates his fellow candidates, then you have power over their respective families. Sounds like you're making excuses for potentially subversive activities. I'm warning you. Keep Aliyah's name out of this, or else. And now it sounds like you're threatening me. Oh, you'd be surprised what parents would do for their children. Am I right? Well, I wouldn't know. Oh, but you do, Phydra. You do. Like I said, information is power. Six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Yeah, that felt really good. Just make sure that your left it up, so‐‐ That's a beautiful dance. What do you want? I want to talk to Sage. Alone. I don't think that's a good idea. We're rehearsing, and we don't need any distractions. What kind of distractions are you talking about? Like a black eye or split lip? Oh, try me. Sierra's right. Okay, I‐I don't‐‐ I don't need any distractions right now. But we're done with the studio, so it's yours if you want it. You're not alone. Excuse me? I know you feel like you're alone here. Like there's no one you can depend on. No, the only one she can't depend on is you. Okay, that's it. I am alone. Okay, the only person I can depend on is me, so I'm taking a page from your book and focusing on myself. You called for me, Chancellor? Yes, Phydra. Just to let you know, I visited the Academy today to inform the Mentors and candidates about the change. The Cultural Liaison position. It went over very well. Everyone seems genuinely excited. I had advised against it. I know, Phydra, and I took your arguments into consideration, but I need to stop this. And the surest way of doing that is through the Exemplar. Understood. Now if there's nothing else, Chancellor... As a matter of fact, there is. If you're going to win this thing, you're going to need the right inspiration. You mean this flimsy thing? This is a turntable. And that in your hand is a record. Together, they play music. Look, all of these little grooves hold the individual sounds for the entire song. You should be thanking this thing for hip‐hop. There were these people called DJs that could memorize where a certain sound was in a song, and then manipulate the record to take an existing song and make something new. Hip‐hop wouldn't sound the same without it. I thought you said this wasn't about hip‐hop. It can be about a lot of things. Folk, country, jazz, EDM. I don't understand a word you're saying. Okay, well the whole point is, you don't have to limit yourself. Okay. Play me something. I know this song. I thought you would. This is the original. All right, Bohdi. Last chance. Citizens of New Babyl, the time has come. Twentyfour were chosen across all four sectors of our glorious city: Progress, Industry, Nature and Reform. But after the group phase, a little more than half remain to advance to tonight's round of singles competition, where they will battle for the right to move on to the finals. And you, citizens of New Babyl, will decide here at the 73rd Exemplar. Let's welcome our host, former Exemplar champion and music legend, Petra 9. Thank you. And welcome back to the most exciting Exemplar competition in decades. This year's innovative performers have sparked a celebration of individuality that has swept through our city. In recognition of this spirit of independence, the Tribunal has decided to reward this year's Exemplar winner with the title of Cultural Liaison, and a seat on the ruling council. For the first time since the Great Gaia founded this perfect union, we will have direct influence on how this city is run. I have never been prouder of my vote, for today we not only choose a champion, we choose a leader. And we do so for state. For state. For community. For community. For all. For all. Hi. I have something really important to tell you. Mags! Guys, he's back. Mags, you're back. Yeah, I'm back. And you guys are in so much trouble. Thank Gaia you're okay. Ow! Ow! Careful. I bruise easily. what happened to you? Where were you? I was locked up. And they just let you go? Yeah. Well, perfect timing. Where's Bohdi? I thought he'd be here too. When you last saw him, what did he say? Did he seem okay? Yeah, he was fine. Maybe a little tired. He couldn't say much because he thought they were listening. I thought they were letting us both go. When Bohdi didn't come out, I assumed he had already left. Hey, he could still show up, okay? There's still time. Mags. You're up. Right. Time to perform without any rehearsal on the biggest stage of my life. Hey, don't think about it, okay? Just‐‐. Just keep doing hip‐hop and freestyle. Magnus. We now move on to Reform Sector's Magnus 2. Judging by the crowd's reaction, we have an early favorite. Let's see if Brooklyn 2 changes your minds. Brooklyn! You're next. You can do it. Hey, you got this. Good job, Brooks. ‐ Sage, you're next. Come on. Hey, I... Apollo. Prepare yourself. You got this. Hey... Tempo, get ready. You're next. Tempo 3! Aliyah. This is it. Bohdi's not coming. He's not going to get to perform. They stole his dream. Aliyah. I think you'll agree that this year's candidates are perhaps the best this competition has ever seen. But there's one final candidate who no doubt hopes you'll feel we saved the best for last. I give you Aliyah 5. Wow. Aliyah! Aliyah! Aliyah! Aliyah! Aliyah! Aliyah! Aliyah! Aliyah! Aliyah! Aliyah! Aliyah! Aliyah! Aliyah! Aliyah! Okay, Bohdi. Time to go. The votes are in. The time has come for you to name your three finalists. Our first finalist is... Brooklyn 2. Our second finalist is... Magnus 2. And our last finalist is... Aliyah 5. Yes! Go. New Babyl, I give you your Exemplar finalists. Whoo! Everything is in order. You are to take him directly there. Goodbye, Bohdi. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 