Dragon Ball Z: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dragon Ball Z 
 s1e6 - Gohan Makes a Friend - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dragon Ball Z (1996–2003): Season 1, Episode 6 - Gohan Makes a Friend - full transcript 
 
 Download 
   Last time, on Dragon Ball Z! In order to stop the evil Raditz and save the life of his son, Goku made the ultimate sacrifice! And in the battle's shocking climax, both villain and hero alike, fell before the might of Piccolo's Special Beam Cannon. Though the battle has been won, a dark threat still looms over the Earth. With his final breath, Raditz revealed that two more Saiyans, even more powerful, were now on their way. And for the time being, the world has lost its greatest defender... Take care of G-Gohan... 'Kay? I'll wish you back, Goku. We already have three Dragon Balls. See... you... soon... Goku? Goku! But hope is not lost. Though Goku has left this world for now, Kami, the Guardian of the Earth, has plans for him in the next! A new adventure begins today! Kami took him? That's right. That meddling old fool. I don't know why, and to be honest... I really don't care. Goku's dead, either way. What do you think, Master Roshi? Hmm... Kami is the guardian of the Earth. Whatever he's doing, we can at least take comfort in knowing his intentions are good. Yeah, well, I for one will take a lot more comfort once we find the rest of the Dragon Balls and wish Goku back! Ugh! We could really use Yamcha's help right now. But as usual, he's never around. 'Cause you dumped him, right? Hey, how was this Raditz guy able to find Goku? I mean, the world's a big place, but he came right to him! That device on his face is some kind of sensor. It detects strong power levels and tracks their location. Come here, Krillin. Here... Okay... What? Alright, now reach down there and pull that off his face. Ugh. You gotta be kidding... If I'd known that was what you wanted... Here! Now, let's see here... There we go! Does it work? I think it's been damaged. I'm going to check the circuitry. Wow... This is pretty cool stuff. There's definitely a short in here, but I think I can fix it. I'll reprogram it, too. I think I can get it to display numbers in our own language. Wow, Bulma... You're a genius. Don't worry, I know. Now, let's get back to Master Roshi's. Once I fix this, we can find Yamcha, and maybe Tien too! Well, let's get going then! We have a lot of work to do. Okay, but we should take Gohan home on the way. Yeah, and while we're at it, we can pick up the other two Dragon Balls that Goku found. Piccolo, I guess we'll be seeing you. That's a handy trick. Before you leave, I have a request to make. This'll sound strange, but try to put your emotions aside. I want Goku's son to come with me for special training. What? No way! You can't fool me, mister. Special training... You just want to gobble him up! I do not! Then tell us why. Earlier today this boy showed signs that he might be the most powerful person on this planet. I think I can teach him to control his power, so he can use it to help us defend the Earth when the other Saiyans arrive. It is a long shot. He might still be too young. We'll see. Yeah, he's probably too young! Right, I wouldn't chance it if I were you! Hm. At any rate, I'd say you'd have to ask the boy's mother! I'm not asking, I'm telling! Look, nothing else matters right now except beating the other Saiyans in one year. The boy's in good hands. Aahh! When you wish Goku back, tell him he can look forward to seeing his son one year from now. I'll do what I can with this pampered kid... Hopefully our work will bear fruit... Remember, tell him one year! I never was a good babysitter... Now we're done for... So who's gonna tell ChiChi? Oh, right... I couldn't do it... Goku, where are you? We really need you, buddy. Please approach the check-in station in an orderly fashion! Alright, behave you ingrates! Hey! You right there! That's enough! Get back in line right now! That's right... Move along! Proceed in an orderly fashion! No cutting! And that's where we stand, Great King Yemma. The other two Saiyans are on their way to Earth right now. For this reason we humbly ask that you allow Goku to seek training from King Kai himself. With your permission of course... There is no hope for our planet if Goku doesn't receive King Kai's training. Hmm, Goku... Well, you certainly have a service record that merits letting you attempt to reach King Kai, but are you truly prepared to travel along Snake Way and risk the hardships that lay ahead? Yes, King Yemma. He is. Hey! Does everyone end up here when they die, Kami? That's right! Did Raditz? Yes. Everyone comes to this Check-In Station, and King Yemma decides what to do with them after that. Hey! Did a guy named Raditz come here not too long ago? Goku, you must address him as 'King Yemma'! Uh... Hm. Yes, let me see. Oh, yes, your brother... I sent him below... What a case. Did he fight you? Well, he tried! But I got him in my patented. 'Yemma Lock' and overpowered him! Ahh! Incredible! You must be really strong! Hey! Forget King Kai, I want to train here! Oh, yes, well, King Yemma's too busy to take pupils. Be quiet! King Kai is much stronger than King Yemma! Kami! I heard that, you little weasel! I'll remember that when I'm passing sentence on you! Forgive me! I didn't know your ears were so big! I mean so good! Oh, I'm so sorry, sir! What I meant to say was... Uh, well, what I meant was... Kami... You're starting to annoy me. Sorry! Well, I forgive you this time! Goku can try to make it to King Kai's if he really wants to. Thank you! I'll call a guide for you. Now go wait outside. Thanks! Oh, and Goku? Yes, King Yemma? You need to be very careful that you don't fall from Snake Way. Should you fall off, there's no coming back. -Goku... -Mm-hm? Stick to it now... Don't let Snake Way wear on your mind! Well... I'm not really sure what to expect, but I promise I'll try my very best to make it to King Kai's place. So long! I guess I'll see you in about a year! I hope so my friend. I'm afraid you're in much more danger than you realize. The journey down Snake Way is a perilous one. But I had no choice. These Saiyans are a most fearsome race... And those on their way to Earth now are even more powerful than the last... Unless you can make it to King Kai's and receive his training, we have little hope of defeating them when they arrive. Even if Piccolo succeeds in training your son, if he is left to fight the Saiyans alone, then I'm afraid... we will all stand before King Yemma. Kami! You slug! Get out now! Yeah, move it! Who do you think you are? Forgive me, King Yemma! I'll be going now! Yes, I could tell right away from your cool suit! Oh, you Kung Fu guys are so buff. I mean like macho-supremo! You might even have a chance of making it to King Kai's! But tell me, do you think a guy like me could learn Kung Fu? I mean, I've always wanted to, I just don't know... Well sure. It's not Kung Fu though. It's the Kamesennin Style of Martial Arts. Hey, so what's this 'King Kai' like? Have you met him? Who me? I'm flattered you think that. No, I haven't met King Kai and I don't know of anyone who has except for King Yemma! Wow, and I get to meet him? For real? Well, maybe. I guess one of us is going to have to tell ChiChi about Goku and Gohan, huh? Krillin... You and Goku have always been best friends. You tell her! Me? No, I'd rather die! I agree, Krillin. You're definitely the best man for the job. Hello! Hello? Master Roshi? This is Master Roshi. I'm not home right now, but if you leave your name and number I'll call you back. And if this is a pretty girl, please leave a detailed description of your... Ugh! There's still no answer! I hope Gohan makes it back soon. I think these batteries are running low... You know what they're doing don't you? All those karate-bums are trying to teach my son martial arts! Gohan's gonna' train with Master Roshi? Good for him! No, Dad! Not 'good for him'! Gohan's going to be a scientist! Period! If you say so... Oh, Dad. You know how Master Rohsi's training is. It's too dangerous for my little boy! Not to mention the time it'll take from his studies. He'll throw Gohan into the ocean and make him swim for miles, chased by man-eating sharks! Then he'll leave him stranded all alone on some deserted island somewhere, and force him to fend for himself! And when Gohan climbs a tree looking for food, he could be bitten by a snake and it could poison his brain! Oh, he'll never be able to do math again! Well, this is it! We're here! This is Snake Way, the road to King Kai's place. I don't know why they put that big ugly snake head there. It always gives me the goosebumps. Wow... It seems so long. Oh! We must have a psychic connection or something, because I say the same thing to myself every time I see it. How long is it? Well, they say it's over ten thousand miles, but nobody really knows for sure! Ten thousand miles?! Has anyone ever made it to the end? Just one person... King Yemma! But he made that tremendous journey many, many centuries ago! Centuries ago? Wow. If I'd known Snake Way was this long, I would have packed a lunch or something. Oh, I wouldn't worry about food. You've got a very long way to go and believe you me, a lot more important things to worry about... Oh, right... Just make sure you don't fall off Snake Way. Because should you fall off there's no coming back. Yeah, I heard... Good! Then it sounds like you're ready to get started. Don't worry, I'm sure you'll do fine. Now, if you'll excuse me, I really need to be getting back to the Check-In Station. Ciao! Oh, wait! There's something else I'd like to ask you. Yes? Um, do you know a lady named Baba? Oh! The old fortune-teller! Yes, of course! Okay, great! Can you give her a message for me? Tell her I need her to let Master Roshi and the others know not to wish me back with the Dragon Balls for one year! Tell her I'll owe her one! Master Roshi... No Dragon Balls, one year... And I'll owe you one. Okay. I've got it! Well, I better get started. Thanks for all your help! I really appreciate it. Sure! It's my job! Here I go! He can fly... You've slept long enough. Now wake up, kid! It's time to start your training. Come on. Get up. There's no time to waste. Ah! Where am I? Where's my dad? Dad? Daddy! Help me! The bad Piccolo man has me! Daddy? Where are you? Waahh! Daddy! Help me, please! Waaahh! Okay, that's enough. We don't have time for this! Shut up! One more sound, and I'll give you something to cry about! That's good. Now listen to me carefully... Your... Your father is dead. While you were unconscious, he died trying to defeat the man who kidnapped you. He gave his life to save yours. Gohan, quick... Run! Run now! D-Daddy... Don't you dare cry! I'm not going to warn you again, got it? You'll see your father again. I'm sure he's told you about the Dragon Balls? Even now, his friends are probably searching for them so they can wish him back. In the meantime, you will stay here and undergo my training. You're going to learn how to fight. Your father and I barely managed to defeat the Saiyan who kidnapped you today... And we've learned that two more Saiyans, even stronger, are on their way to Earth. They'll be here in one year. We won't be able to beat them alone... That's why you're going to train. So you can fight by our side! What? But I... But I can't! I'm just a kid! I can't fight with grown-ups! You may not be aware of it now, but there is an incredible power sleeping within you, waiting to be unlocked... If you can control it... You could be one of the strongest fighters on Earth. No, you're wrong! I don't have any power! Heh. Let me show you! Hey, what are you doing! No! Put me down! I don't wanna see my power! Put me down! Waaah-ahh-ahh! Please! Let me go! Waaah! Ah?! What the... I don't believe it... His power is even greater than I imagined! How ironic... To defeat the Saiyans, I must now teach the son of my enemy to harness a power that could one day be used to defeat me. Wow... Did I do that? That's right... So are you finally beginning to understand? This is how you were able to help your father, earlier today. It's very rare to have such power at your age. But to use it, you have to learn to control it. That's why we're here. I'm going to help you unlock your potential, so you can grow to be a true fighter like your father and me. But, I don't want to be a fighter. I want to be an orthopedist when I grow up! Heh. Is that so? Well, you still can. But first, you have to help us defeat the Saiyans when they arrive. If we can't stop them, they'll wipe out everyone on Earth. Then you won't grow up to be anything... But I'm afraid... You'll be far more afraid of me if you don't do exactly what I say! No more whining! It's time to train! Now take off that coat! Why? Why do I have to train with you? Why can't I train with my dad when he gets back? Well, first of all, there's no telling how long it'll take the others to find the Dragon Balls. Second, you're gonna have to learn fast, kid, and I don't plan on going easy on you like Goku would. Achoo! Oh man, I don't have enough energy to fly. But I've gotta keep going. As Gohan prepares to undergo. Piccolo's severe training back on Earth, Goku struggles to overcome his own trial in the next world. But can our hero survive the perils of the seemingly endless Snake Way long enough to reach the legendary King Kai? The clock is ticking, next time on Dragon Ball Z! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 