Dragon Ball Z: Season 1, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dragon Ball Z 
 s1e20 - Time's Up! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dragon Ball Z (1996–2003): Season 1, Episode 20 - Time's Up! - full transcript 
 Piccolo, Gohan, and Krillin do their best to stop the Saiyans from finding the Dragon Balls. Meanwhile, Goku rushes back to Earth on the Flying Nimbus, armed with more power than ever before! 
 
 Download 
   OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Last time on Dragon Ball Z... As the two evil Saiyan warriors hurtled towards Earth in their space pods, the Z warriors were busy beefing up their martial arts skills. Goku had made it to King Kai's planet but he was finding the gravity a little tough to take. And it didn't help matters when he mistook the King's pet ape Bubbles for the mythical martial master... Once the proper introductions were made, Goku was put to the test to see if he was worthy enough to train with the legendary King Kai... His first assignment, catch Bubbles, and then he would be permitted to move on to the next phase of his training... It all seemed easy enough at first, but it proved to be a lot harder than Goku imagined. That little monkey sure could move! And don't forget the intense gravity of King Kai's planet. It can really bring a guy down! While King Kai watched with amusement from the sidelines, Goku did his best to grab the speedy little monkey! Time and time again they traveled around the planet and before long they were going in circles! Then Goku made one last leap of faith and managed to get a grip on Bubbles! Heh. Gotcha! Yeah! It was then that King Kai realized that Goku could indeed be a worthy student. But things are only going to get harder from here on in... And one question remains... What kind of bizarre training does the King have in store for Goku now? Woo-hoo! I did it! I caught him! Ha, ha, ha, ha! Look King Kai! I caught the monkey! I'm ready for the next phase of my training King Kai! Okay... If you say so. Let's see now... Phase two, huh? Yeah! No more monkey business! Can I do my next training session without Bubbles? He'll just get in the way! Hey! Don't be so rude! All right then! Let's start training! Yeah! Let's get to work! What did you do? I yelled at the top of my lungs! Yeah, I'll say... Um... Am I missing something here? Why did you do that, King Kai? You'll see... That, my boy, is a long distance call! Don't you get it? He can't be a martial arts master! Hey! I heard that! What is it? I'm not an it, you lunk-head! Hey! It's a little grasshopper man! Yeah! So what? Little grasshopper man? Be quiet! And listen up! My name's Gregory! And I'm King Kai's most trusted attendant! So you watch yourself! That's right! I'm also a fearless martial arts master with no equal! Except for King Kai! I think it's your ego that has no equal! A-hem. Yes, now where was I? Right! Who do you think you are? I heard what you said about King Kai! So you don't think he's for real, huh? No! His methods just bug me! Heh! Oh, I get it! My methods bug him! King Kai? Please! It's hard to concentrate with you laughing! Yes, of course! Sorry about that! Goku, Gregory will be your next test! Are you ready? The bug? Hey, buddy, I'm a grasshopper! But King Kai... I thought you were going to train me personally? You'll take on just about anyone these days, won't you? How am I supposed to work with a guy like this who doesn't know the first thing about showing respect for his elders?! You'll manage! Now let's get started! What's that for? That's kinda big! Are you sure you're not overdoing it, sir? Of course not! Goku, catch! How's that? Heavy enough? Now Goku. Take that hammer and see if you can hit Gregory with it! Hit him? Uhh... And if you can complete this task I will allow you to train under me directly! Hey, all right! Don't get your hopes up, buddy! There's no way I'm gonna let you hit me with that hammer! Heh, heh! Catch me if you can! Ahaa! All right! Here I come! Man! What speed! Ahh! Creep! Hmmm? I've never given a trainee a hammer as heavy as that one! Good luck, Goku. C'mon Bubbles, this could take a while! I'll get him this time! Aahhh! He's all mine! Bye now! Come back here! I'm going to squash you like the bug that you are! Be careful! Aaaahhhh! And I just finished the wax-job, too! Slow down, would ya?! While Goku plays bug exterminator, on Earth, Piccolo is busy trying to push Gohan to the next level of martial arts training! Heh! You're too easy a target for me! Aahh! So you've figured out how to dodge my punches and kicks. Now try this! Aw, come on Piccolo! Gimme a break! Get up here! We've got work to do! At this rate he'll never be able to face those two Saiyans! Hey! I'm stuck! Piccolo! Come on! Help me! I can't get out! Please Piccolo! Help me! Just this one time! Please... I'll do better next time... I promise! Help me Piccolo... Please! High above the Earth on Kami's lookout, the other Z warriors continue their intensive training regime! Tien and Yamcha seem about equal! They're looking good! Hey come on! Stop kidding around! Aw, come on, slow down a little! I won't hit you that hard... I promise! Time out! Whoa! Hey! What's the deal? It's break time! Dinner! Woohoo! Uh... Don't feed him! You worked up quite an appetite, didn't you? Boy, oh boy! I sure did! Will it slow him down? Oh, no, it makes him much faster... And it won't give him a cramp! You betcha! The Saiyans are remarkably fast too! But you are not there yet! Huh? Ah, the Saiyans! What do you know about them, King Kai? What do you mean, what does he know about them? King Kai knows everything! There, there, Gregory! Goku, you told me earlier that you too are a Saiyan, am I correct? Yeah! But I don't know anything about the Saiyans... You see, they sent me to Earth when I was just a baby! Ah, well then... I can probably tell you a few things about the Saiyans that you don't know! Wow! Really? Hold on! Ah! How kind of you! Ah, I feel like a king! Mm. Yes... Now a long time ago, before you were born... There were two tribes that lived on Planet Vegeta. There were your ancestors, the Saiyans... And the other tribe was known as the Tuffles. The Saiyans and the Tuffles, huh? That's correct. Now, the Tuffles were a so-called advanced civilization... They had cities much like the ones on Earth and enjoyed all of the modern conveniences such as air-travel and mini malls. They had long ago outgrown energy sources which polluted their planet and were enjoying health and prosperity. Not far from the big cities, in the arid wastelands of Vegeta, the Saiyans lived in primitive fashion. They were much larger in size than the Tuffles but much smaller in number. One thing all Saiyans had in common was that they all had tails. Another was their brutal and violent nature... They loved to fight. But because they were so few in number, the Tuffles never worried about the Saiyans. That is until the day... ...they attacked! And so the great war for planet Vegeta began. With the element of surprise in their favor, the Saiyans quickly gained a strong foothold in the war against the Tuffles. The Tuffles had technology on their side. They had devices that measured their enemies fighting power and advanced weaponry which they used to hold the Saiyans at bay. Though few in number, the Saiyans strength was so incredible that they too won their fair share of the battles. And just when it seemed that there was no end in sight to this horrible war, something happened on Vegeta that only happens there once every eight years. There was a full moon! A decisive factor in the war for planet Vegeta! As you must know, Saiyans have the ability to transform into huge ape-like creatures when the moon is full. Let's get out of here! It didn't take long for these monsters to destroy the Tuffles and their advanced civilization... But then a new problem began for the Saiyans. Without the technology of the Tuffles, the Saiyans couldn't travel in space. This meant they couldn't satisfy the one desire that they all shared, the desire to fight. I'm sure you've heard the joke, how many Saiyans does it take to build a rocket-ship? Uh? No... It's a really good one! Later King Kai! Fine! Well, not far away, the Saiyans met the Archosians... Now, the Archosians had money and technology, but the planet Archos was a dump. So they hired the Saiyans to conquer a planet for them! An unholy partnership was formed. With Saiyan might and Archosian ingenuity combined, they formed a fleet of planet pirates. The plan that these two sinister races hatched meant that there was nothing they wouldn't do to achieve their goals... An armada of space pods was designed to travel the vast distances of the universe. They even sent babies like yourself to distant planets. The Saiyan leaders were more than happy to send specimens of their race into the great unknown. They knew that when the babies grew up they would extinguish any and all inhabitants of the planet they landed on. I'd like to extinguish them! Well, all misdeeds gather their just rewards. You see, like Earth, the planet Vegeta also had a guardian. This good man used his power to attract a vast system of meteors to the planet. He could no longer tolerate the horrible burden of the Saiyans' dark deeds. So he brought destruction upon the planet, which was plagued by the weight of its inhabitants' evil. Planet Vegeta was demolished! It kind of got a major spanking you could say, except with meteors. Only four Saiyans survived the destruction of planet Vegeta, and you are one of them. No! I'm not one of them! I'll never be! Easy now... Listen you might despise your heritage, but at this point the fact that you are a Saiyan is a great asset! Channel your anger. Use it to enhance your training. You're right! I can't wait to start training again. I'm in! If it's okay with King Kai of course! I am really anxious to get started, but uh, let me wolf this down first! C'mon... C'mon... Missed him! Gentlemen, Mr. Popo and I are both very pleased with the progress you have made here. Each of you has reached a new level of strength and technique. But the time has come for you to go back down to Earth. The future of the planet is in your hands. May you fight with honor! Right! Kami, can I take these weighted clothes off now? You may do as you please. So what are you guys going to do down below? Well, I say we go somewhere and continue training. That's a good idea. Hm. I wonder how much Goku has improved... Ha, ha, ha! I got you now! Oh, no you don't! What a mess! I hope my insurance covers this! I almost got him! Hm. That was a close one! Yeah! That oughta do it! Aahh! Aahh! All right! Here goes! Gotcha! That wasn't too bad now was it, Gregory? What is that, a joke? Come on my body is in super condition! You couldn't hurt me with that thing if you tried! Really? Well, is that a lump I see? Oh! What did you do to me? Goku is indeed a rare man. Perhaps he is the one! There are seventy days left. He could do it! He could master Kaio-Ken and defeat those Saiyan warriors! No one's ever been able to master Kaio-Ken. It's been like a dream in my head. Like a horse that's too wild to ride! But now, there is a chance! King Kai you promised remember? Do you really think you're ready to learn the mystic art of Kaio-Ken from me as you are? Well, do you? Yes, I do! All right, first I want you to visualize yourself at your very best! Both in body and in spirit! Got it? Got it! Now that you understand, uh... let's go take a lunch break! Well sis, I should know better then to ask but, can you tell us what your crystal ball says about the future? Who's future? Be specific! Our planet's future... Mother Earth's! Hm. What's up? You heard something? No matter! If it's going to happen, I'll see it! I always do! Huh? Oh no! As things stand right now, the Earth has no future! No! Attack! Don't just dodge! Use your strength! While our heroes push themselves to the limit with their martial arts training, on the outer edge of the solar system, a great evil approaches. The Saiyans, who are intent on destroying Earth, are already passing by Jupiter. Only one day remains until their arrival. Have the Z warriors properly prepared themselves to face their wrath? And will Goku make it back in time to fight side by side with his son Gohan? All these questions and more will be answered on the next exciting episode of Dragon Ball Z! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 