Sirius the Jaeger: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sirius the Jaeger 
 s1e10 - Memories of the Abyss - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sirius the Jaeger (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Memories of the Abyss - full transcript 
 Willard and the Jaegers find an artifact related to the Ark and set out after Yuliy, who's almost reached both the sanctuary of the Ark and his father. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES For generations, the Sirius tribe enshrined and worshiped the Chosen One as an agent of God, chosen from the Royal House by the Oracle. And as proof of his reign, the King was allowed to possess a chest, said to have been received from God, that has the power to control all things in the universe. That chest is what is called "the Ark of Sirius." Is this the grave of that Royal Family? Yeah. There's nothing to indicate that this place has been tampered with. Didn't the Vampires notice it? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Since the Ark was not in the alter out front, they must have thought this was only a grave. But if my interpretation of the ancient documents are correct... Professor? What's this? This was built mimicking the Sirius tribe's sanctuary, so in a sense it's a separated sanctuary. Sanctuary? It is said to be the Sirius tribe's birthplace, as well as where the Ark was created. And it's also known as the only place to seal the Ark. Then the true sanctuary is... Presumably, it's in southern Sakhalin. In the past, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 they had to leave the sanctuary for some reason... So, to move the Ark from the sanctuary, they say a paired treasure was created. This is the hidden alter to enshrine it. Here, we should find what the possessors of the Ark have created, what only true successors can know. "This vessel is realized by unknown skills. Its power relieves the Godly Ark and directs it to that land." As expected, it's here. If the seal of the Ark is to be broken in the true sanctuary, Yuliy must need this now. Get ready for departure. Awesome! Let's hurry. Oh, no. I thought we'd be able to go home to London. Let's go. To be by Yuliy's side. Oh, I was waiting for you. I was waiting a long, long time! What are these guys? Are they Vampires? Then I'll introduce myself. My name is Klarwein. Some call me "Wizard" for my technology often mistaken for magic, but I am a respected super genius scientist. A scientist!? You made the Vampires mechanical? Oh, yes, yes. The human experiment was successful so now I did a mass production of it, this time with Vampires. Isn't it wonderful? Now, let's begin the commemorative mass production type practice test! More were infected? Yeah, a few were. It seems they are isolated in the lowest section. No one wants to go near them, fearing infection. Yuliy. What do you think about my adorable honeys? You know, if they weren't remodeled like this, they'd die. Are you intrigued? Are you? I'll teach you, the ignorant and uneducated. The Vampires are being inflicted by a fatal disease now. The cause and source of infection are unknown. Not knowing when they could be infected by the mysterious disease, the Vampires spend sleepless nights in fear! Oops! Vampires sleep during the day. Hey. A fatal disease? For the Vampires? Yes, not knowing what to do, they came begging to me. And yet, as soon as Master Yevgraf found the Ark of Sirius, he ditches my wonderful plan. Isn't it cruel? They believe they could manage the disease with the Ark's power, despite the fact that they aren't even sure of what it is! How foolish and unscientific! Such a thing should be sealed forever. Then, the Vampires will realize how wonderful my technology was What is he saying? -Bishop. -and come depending on me! So, to have my sweethearts approved by Mister Yevgraf, die here please! My goodness! My goodness! Stop running around so much, you mutts! One more shot! Oh? Bishop! Wait a minute. How can my super genius scientist's technology become a lost technology like this? I... I won't accept this, I'm not going to accept this! So close! That was reckless. I knew you'd be able to dodge the flames, Bishop. Oh, how nice of you to say. I'm anxious about what he said. Yeah, a fatal disease that only infects Vampires. Finally, they have no other choice but to rely on an occult-like unknown power. How pitiful. Let's hurry. Tamara, is the Ark of Sirius still asleep? It'll be awake soon. Right, Master Yev? Yes, it will. What is it? The isolated ones all died. The corpses didn't turn into ashes. They're in their original form. I see. Be very careful when disposing the corpses. -Yes, sir. -Hey, Larisa. If we get sick, too, are we going to die like that? Oh, no. No! That's like a human. Right, Master... Can you leave me be? It's been a thousand years since the blood pact has freed us from the damned yoke of the humans. Having become Vampires with powers of immortality, we have ruled over everlasting time... It was a blissful time for me. But this is how it all ends? Was our blood this vulnerable? Are we no different from those foolish and livestock-like humans? Like the senile old fools said, are we to accept it as fate and wait for doomsday? Nay! I will continue to resist. Even if I become the last Vampire. Even if that means using the powers of the inferior Sirius! With these hands of mine, and with my noble blood, I will make a change! Is that it? So that's where I'll find... The Ark of Sirius... And Father. This is great. The atmosphere sure feels like the Ark is further down here... I feel a really strong dangerous vibe. Look at you, you waste no time! Hey, what's wrong? Father. Are you telling me not to come? Yuliy! Are you okay? I knew nothing... about Father. Nor about the tribe. That's why as the survivor of Sirius, I need to know everything. Isn't that right, Father!? Yuliy! Mother... Father... Father, I will protect Yuliy and Mother! This truly is a great place... I feel as if I've returned to my homeland. You saved my son's life. If you don't have anywhere to go, I won't mind if you stayed here forever. That's nice of you to say but... Alexei. There's something I have to do. The Ark of Sirius? Yeah. I have secret orders to find and steal it. The search had been extremely difficult, but by coincidence, I met you all, the Sirius. I'm sorry for keeping it a secret until now. I didn't mean to deceive you. -What are you going to do? -I don't know. If I steal the Ark, it will disrupt the peace in Dogville, which I have come to love. Akasaka... But please know this. Now, not only Japan but the powers of the world are secretly searching for the Ark. It's a matter of time before they reach this village. Alexei, will you be able to protect the Ark then? Why? He told me everything honestly. Why Akasaka...? Those who know of the Ark, and those who make an attempt for it shall be done away with, along with their memories. This is an ancient Sirius code. To keep peace for the Royal Family protecting the Ark, the Royal House attendants have enforced that code for generations. I have no personal grudges against that man either. I understand that the Ark is important to the tribe. But is there anything worth protecting, even if it means sacrificing a person's life? Even if we kill Akasaka, someone else will come... Do we have to repeat such a futile thing each time? No matter what hardships may come, we live solitarily with the Ark. Because that is the pride of Sirius. Pride? Are you saying that to keep on killing people for the Ark is our pride? The village accepted Sachi... Accepted a human as my wife. And it's you who accepted her! Coexisting with humans... Isn't that the new pride of the Sirius? So, why do something to regress? Gustav. I want to seal the Ark of Sirius. I want to end such a thing. We will part with ancient traditions. I think that'll be better for the future of the Sirius. So Gustav! Teach me how to seal the Ark. But... Please. This is the only way. Gustav. Sakhalin. It is the birthplace for us Sirius, and also the sanctuary where the Ark was created. It may be possible to seal the Ark there. -Then... -However, only the descendant of the Royal House can do that. In other words, only you can do it. It is said that by releasing the King's soul and thus breaking the seal, the Ark was once moved from the Sanctuary. If you are to seal it again... Alexei, there's no telling what could happen to you. Think hard if you really want to seal the Ark, even if it means putting yourself at risk. -Father! -Father! If they can go on living with a new Sirius pride in their hearts... I'll be back as soon as I seal the Ark. If you take too long Yuliy will forget you. That's not good. You won't forget me will you? Of course not. Sachi, I'm sorry. Silly man. Why are you apologizing? You mean "I'm going." Right? That's right. Father. Father! Father. Father! Yuliy. Fa... Father. The things you wanted to know... was that everything? You understand now. If you're satisfied, go home. Wait, please. Father... Will you always be like this? The "seal" means releasing the soul of the Ark's protector. And my soul is with the seal. You understand the meaning? Then, Father, you'll keep being miserable! After you left the village, Dogville was attacked by Vampires who were after the Ark. Mother, Gustav, and everyone died. Brother risked his life to protect me but became a Vampire because of it. For our happiness and for the future of Sirius, you risked your own life, Father... How then, could our story be such a cruel one? That's why I'm miserable? The sacrifice was great, but by sealing the Ark, the peace of the world has been kept... It's peaceful now, and will remain to be so. No matter what hardships may come, we live solitarily with the Ark. I should be the only one carrying the burden of parting with that ancient pride of Sirius. As a father I don't want you two to carry this burden. Please understand, Yuliy. No, Father. That's not it. You are not wrong. But that won't change anything! Mother told me right before she died. "Survive," she said. Now I understand what that means. She wanted me to survive and do what you wanted to do. Yuliy. It is wrong for one to have to sacrifice himself for the happiness of others! That's why I want to search for another way other than sealing the Ark. I will survive... I will survive to prove that the new pride of Sirius you wanted to show was not wrong. I didn't think the day would come when I'd be preached by that little boy I remember. It's thanks to both Mother and Mikhail. Mother was about your grandness. Brother was about your strength. They both entrusted your intentions to me and raised me. I see. Yuliy. Maybe you could truly accomplish what I could not. Father. Accept this. Together with your mother, I'll be watching you find the answer. Father! What is it? What is happening? -It's beginning, it's beginning! -So, it's here. I longed for you... The Ark of Sirius! EPISODE 10 MEMORIES OF THE ABYSS I'll end it on my own. Give me the Ark! Brother, wake up! -You should have never come here! -You bastard! EPISODE 11 CALLING IN BLOOD Subtitle translation by Haruna Saito 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 