Sirius the Jaeger: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sirius the Jaeger 
 s1e4 - Beginning of Trickery - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sirius the Jaeger (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Beginning of Trickery - full transcript 
 The team investigates the researcher's death, and Willard crosses paths with a secret agent. Yuliy and Dorothea head to Shizuoka. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES HYAKKO PARTY DRIVEN INTO CORNER What do you mean? I'll say it as many times as you wish to help you understand. You've caused too many incidents without any careful thought... It's only a matter of time before the authorities put the whole picture together. Hence, Mr. Kershner will terminate his financial aid to you immediately. This is how you treat us after all that we've done for you? Is this how you do things? As one who has pushed xenophobic principles 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 while collaborating with us, you have no right to say that. Don't get the wrong idea. We've never received help from you savages. We merely played along with the vagary of you monsters, that's all. We need to solve the problem before the restoration of Showa takes place. It's time to exterminate the monsters. It's so heavy! Good work. Why aren't you working, too? I'm the intellectual type. That's strange. -Huh? -The Hyakko Party, I mean. They haven't been attacking scholars and doctors lately. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Certainly not since the Vampires attacked Dr. Hanada. Which means they've collected all the parts they needed... Philip, bring me the investigation file that we borrowed yesterday. What? Seriously? I'll bring it. He seems rather proactive. I guess he's feeling better now. At any rate, that's good news. Excuse me. Hello, Ryoko. My father would like to invite you to dinner tonight. I've a feeling it's gonna be formal and uncomfortable. You don't know anything about table manners, do you, little boy? What? Yes, I do! I'll show you my elegant table manners! Professor and everyone here would love to join you tonight. Great. I'll tell my father that you... What's wrong, Ryoko? Nothing. Well, I look forward to seeing you all tonight. -Is this what you needed? -Yes. Thanks Do you need anything else? That's all for now. Okay. -Did you just see that? -Totally. Hey. See what? I wasn't expecting our competitor, V Shipping, to pay us a visit. Please. Businessmen like us working hard in distant countries need to cooperate with one another. With pleasure, but the kind of merchandise that we handle at the moment has nothing to do with your expertise. Namely, export of weapons and technology? Alma Trading Company always looks 10 to 20 years ahead... Thanks to that, we're now beginning to strengthen our ties with this country's army. That's an enviable position. Oh, please. V Shipping's profits are steadily... Excuse me. That was close. Well, well. You're... Excuse me for suddenly talking to you on your way out the other day... But what a coincidence to run into you here... Inspecting on your rival, I see. I admire your dedication. What did you think of Alma Trading Company? We simply discussed about the future of the shipping industry as fellow traders. Oh, come on. Oh, by the way. About Dr. Kisuke Hanada going missing... Was everything all right? I heard that an employee of yours was involved in the incident. Everything is fine... But your ability to collect information is impressive for a news writer. This is my specialty after all... You hear things whether you want to or not. For example, I heard that Dr. Hanada didn't go missing, but was murdered. You were rushing over to the doctor's home that day, weren't you? You need to make your cover-up job seem more convincing. Mr. Willard. The same goes for you, too. Alma Trading Company and V Shipping... The latter is more suspicious, but... A guy who's supposed to be in Harbin was wandering around in Ginza in plain clothes... I couldn't resist talking to you. I'm honored. I see that it's an urgent matter -considering that they waved you back. -Yes. They are working me hard... By the way, congratulations on your promotion to Director of Bureau of Weapons, Major General Kakizaki. You know everything don't you? I visited Ichigayadai earlier to give the new principal my words of encouragement. I was lucky to have been a student while you taught there. Are you off to another place to give a pep talk? No. I'm off to Gotemba for inspection. You're personally going to an inspection? Is it some kind of drill to test a new weapon at the same time? It's classified, so I can't discuss the matter. -Forgive me. -That's fine. However, Iba, it's something that could change the very nature of war. It probably would have been impossible for Japan to develop it solely on its own. Was it Alma Trading Company? It seems recommending you to intelligence was the right choice. There will certainly be another war. If that thing gets put to use, we wouldn't have to waste the lives of soldiers like we did against the Chinese, the Russians, or in Europe. We absolutely must make this drill a success. The police force raided the hideout of the Hyakko Party, but they had already escaped. Did they leave anything? Nothing. But according to the report there were signs of confrontation, and an ash-like substance was scattered all over the place. So, they were working together with the Vampires, after all. But what could have caused the internal discord? They must have used the Hyakko Party to collect the parts, but once they got them, they didn't need them any longer. The question is what they did with those parts. Are you thinking Alma Trading Company? Huh? That's where the collected parts are? What did you find out? It was a motivated, good-natured company. They are trying to sell a new weapon to the army. The executive even told me about a drill scheduled to take place in Shizuoka. I wonder if the good-natured staff know that the new weapon is smeared in blood. Probably not... But they are certainly behind all of this. They might show up at the military drill. This could be the opportunity to kill the Royals. I can barely wait... And? What do we do about the Hyakko Party? The Vampires sold them out. I don't think the Hyakko Party would leave them alone. -Shall we split up into two groups? -Professor. Mochizuki. Get me a ticket to Gotemba immediately. Gotemba? You're leaving the imperial capital? I need to see what Alma Trading Company is up to. Alma? Then what do we do about V Shipping? It wouldn't be fair if we didn't harass both groups equally. V Shipping and Alma Trading Company... What are they planning to do in this country? Excellent table manners, little boy. I don't know how to use chopsticks... Besides, this is raw!! You don't like Japanese food, I take it. Quite the contrary. Only in Japan could we enjoy fish so fresh. We're also happy to have dinner with so many people... My wife passed away quite early. Usually, it's just my daughter and I. That's strange, Ryoko. You usually eat at least three bowls of rice. Fa...Father!! Sorry. By the way, professor. How's work coming? You seem very busy every day. It could not have been possible without your kind gesture to allow us to stay. For your information, I will send my subordinates on a mission tomorrow. I see. Where will they go? To Gotemba in Shizuoka... We have become quite intimate with a certain client. Um... who exactly is going? I am. What's wrong, Ryoko? Nothing. Don't worry, Ryoko. I will take good care of Yuliy. That's right. Yuliy will be just fine. I mean, look at him. Um... let's just continue eating. What a strange girl. Stay away from me. How could this be possible? Major General Kakizaki. Do you like our new product? We look forward to continue doing business with you. The Ark of Sirius? You still speak of such nonsense? I wouldn't call it nonsense... It is the foundation that promises our prosperity. Listen to this man who's clinging on to the treasure of filthy wolves. Are you telling me then to watch our kind die out without doing anything? If that is our destiny, so be it. Not so fast, Yevgraf... Show some respect. There's no point in talking with you. Master Yev. -Master Yev. Master Yev. -Guess what? That's good news. Those old fools have lost their pride as Vampires. If they wish to perish, then they may perish alone. Oh, great. I just had to follow him, didn't I? -What? -It's nothing. What is it? Fine, then. I was wondering why you volunteered to go on this mission. No reason in particular. I just thought I would get to kill many Vampires. That's all. What's the big rush? I have no time to waste. I can't just sit and wait patiently. -Plus... -Plus what? No. It's nothing. Plus.... I might be able to see my brother. I think serving alcohol in the afternoon would bring in more customers. If business gets too good here, I'd have difficulty doing my other job I'm very happy. I can finally contribute to my organization. Don't get too passionate. They are not like human villains. That's great to hear. Yes, truly. What's going on here? Divine punishment. There are two types of Vampires: the aristocrat class called the Royals, and the class that serves them, called the Slaves. That's how we categorize them... Slaves disguise themselves as humans, and protect their eyes with special lenses... Without the lenses, sunlight would instantly turn them into ashes. And the Royals? They have high combative abilities even when they are not in their original form, plus they are capable of moving freely under the sun without limitation... And they live among us nonchalantly. That's frightening. So, what did you find out? Yes... The Hyakko Party, which has nowhere to hide anymore in the imperial capital, has also lost financial aid from their sponsor recently. Who's the sponsor? Just as you predicted. Alma Trading Company. Let me use your phone. Strange... Master. The corpses aren't turning into ashes. Perhaps they still aren't dead. Those monsters. They hired humans with money like we do. -Where is Kershner? -I don't know! -I want Kershner. -The vice president went to Gotemba to watch an experiment of a new weapon. A new weapon? Tell me more. We'll be here until they couple a car in order to cross the mountain. I see. Well, well. Seems we're on the same train! I'm on my way to Hakone! That's not it. Wow. That looks delicious. Don't eat hurriedly. You got rice on your face. I bought some lunch boxes earlier. Would you all like some? That's it. Put me through. Major? Yes. It's me. -How's it going-- -There's been a big accident at the drill in Fuji! Mochizuki. Calm down now. Like I said, the infantry battalion at Fuji has been annihilated. What? We've intercepted a radio message from Gotemba to the central command room. At around 8:30 last night, an accident of some sort occurred during the drill at the Fuji Susono Maneuvering Ground... All participating officers were killed. What happened to Major General Kakizaki? He's safe. It seems he has already left on a special train for the imperial capital to report to the Emperor. By train? Major. Major Iba? What is it, Yuliy? I smell blood. Hey. Wait, Yuliy. Thank you very much. Yuliy. Wait. Everyone was killed? -Professor. -Sorry we're late. I heard the Hyakko Party did it. This is terrible. In broad daylight? They came to ask for money, but were refused perhaps? If they didn't get money, what next? Real estate, goods... Professor? We need to hurry and meet up with Yuliy. -Did Yuliy forget something in Tokyo? -Excuse me... Ticket please. Oh, I'm sorry. I changed trains... May I buy the ticket here? No... I'll check my bag... Would you like one? Stop. Who are you!? I'm Iba of the General Staff Office. I got on at Kozu for a special mission. Sir. Where is Major General Kakizaki? Here. Your new ticket. Thank you. Now, How are we going to explain to the professor about suddenly abandoning the mission? There's a Vampire on this train. I can't follow the smell anymore because of the smoke, but I'm sure of it. It would be a mess if we have to fight here. I'll go see how many passengers we have and their positions... You stay here. -No. I'm coming, too. -Stay here. I can't have you hopping on to some other train again. All right. Be good. The experiment ended so quickly that I couldn't even get any useful data. The result is the proof of all proofs. Wow. It's been certified by Master Kershner! Then we shall get ready for mass production once we get back to Tokyo, yes!? I can't believe we have to depend on a man like him... But why is Master Yevgraf so interested in the Ark whose existence hasn't even been proven? I'd choose certainty over clinging on to an uncertain existence. Thank you. EPISODE 4 BEGINNING OF TRICKERY -Oh, you're that creep from the other day. -Aren't you a Vampire? 10 years... that's quite a detour. -I guess it's showtime! -I'll put you out of your misery. EPISODE 5 THE FRANKENSTEIN Subtitle translation by Kozo Komori 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 