Sirius the Jaeger: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sirius the Jaeger 
 s1e9 - Father's Shadow - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sirius the Jaeger (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Father's Shadow - full transcript 
 Yuliy and Bishop meet an old man who knew Yuliy's father, Alexei, but he refuses to say anything further. In town, they run into Ryoko and Iba. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 -You're strange. -You almost could have killed me. Let's play again. Next time with Misha, too! Why did you hesitate? You're a Sirius? I'm Yuliy Jirov. What is Alexei's son doing here after all this time? A village that's not on a map. I wonder what kind of place it is. The last thing I want is to sleep outside. If you pay, you can come to my house anytime. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Why would I want to go to a place with more people like you? Now, now. Don't be shy. -Stop it. -My little brothers -who jump around like your hair -Don't touch. -will soothe your heart... -How many times do I have to tell you? We'll soon arrive, but what's next? I've chartered a plane in the next town. Are those the ancient documents of Sirius? Yeah, it's a copy but... I didn't think I'd see it again. I wonder how Yuliy is doing now. If he was told we were going to Dogville from the beginning, he wouldn't have went off on his own. I don't know about that. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He's trying to find another way besides killing Vampires, this time on his own... Wherever his destination had been, he would've gone alone. And he will certainly find it... If I can help him in the best way I can, then that's... You two are like an awkward father and son. Parents wish for their children's happiness. But I... It's not like you wanted to make him unhappy. Right now, you're doing the same thing. I think Yuliy knows it, too. I hope so. Please wait. Father... Do you know Father? Don't come in. Leave at once! Hey, old man. If he and I weren't there, the Vampires would've gotten you by now. Vampire... I see. That was a Vampire... I can imagine why you're here. The Ark of Sirius, right? -What do you know about the Ark... -Give it up. How much do you know about it? Please tell me! I was going around the world for a long time looking for the Ark... I met Alexei then. When I learned that he was a Sirius I was surprised, but he invited me to the village with open arms... I met the family, too. I bet you don't remember because you were a child. Have you seen the Ark? No, he disappeared suddenly without a word... Along with the Ark. I desperately chased after him. And finally here at Sakhalin, he... Is Father alive!? You saw him, right? Where is Father now? -Certainly the Ark is there... -It's no use. You won't get your hands on the Ark anyway. Alexei made it so. Then, at least until the day I die... What does that-- That's all I have to say. Go home. We survived thanks to you. We'll back down for today. I'm hungry, too. But if he stays there, they would come attacking again. Something doesn't make sense. Why did the Vampires attack the old man anyway? They wanted to know where the Ark was. They came to Sakhalin on information from the ancient document. They've known where it is for a long time. They wanted to silence him, so the information wouldn't leak? That's what's odd. Those kids could've killed that old man sooner, right? Then are you saying he was kept alive on purpose until we arrived? Yeah, maybe their target was you from the beginning. Me? It was as if they didn't see me. What on earth for? Who knows? But it's certain they are closer to the Ark. We should hurry, too, but our last hope is... What on earth did Father do here in Sakhalin? That guy jumped out, and Tamara was scared! Stop it! It's not like that. Geez. How are you feeling, Mikhail? The worst. Because I saw your face. -Misha's in a bad mood. -He's behaving like a baby to Master Yev. He needs a punishment, a punishment! That's fine... Now Tamara, Yuliy, was it? Yeah! So he's called Yuliy. Misha's brother. -Yuliy! -Yuliy! You saw him? Yes, and we promised to play again. Told him we'll invite Misha, too. Yuliy is in Sakhalin... Then the next time you see him, I'll go, too. -Really!? -Really!? The place... Let's see... How about the Sirius' sacred place? Surely not the seal... What a valiant little brother. Fulfilling the role for his useless big brother. We'll think about how to make the old man talk. So first, we eat. Oh, this is the place. I heard at the port this place is rumored to be the best in southern Sakhalin. Oh? You are... Yuliy! Oh. A friend? Is she? I almost ran into my father at the port, so when I saw the major by coincidence, I ran and jumped onboard the same ship in haste... I thought he must be chasing the Jaegers. But unbelievably, we arrived in Sakhalin! I thought I would faint then. You made the mistake all on your own. But it was worth the mistake being able to see you like this, Yuliy! However, it's unbelievable that the captain is still alive and is here in Sakhalin, too. Certainly, there is a resemblance. I can't believe the Japanese army was looking for it... Not only Japan. The western powers are also looking for the Ark in secret apparently. The Ark? Father was afraid that would happen, so he took the Ark and... Father? I see. Why did the professor talk to you? Well, we owed each other. Um... Yuliy's father? Did he come to Sakhalin, too? It seems so, but that gentle guy's senior won't quite talk about what he knows. I see. Then can I go and see him, too? There's much I want to ask him as his junior of the army. Sounds fine to me. I don't know the captain's intentions, but I don't want you to be too cautious of me... Yes, it's true that I came here by orders of the Army... But whether or not the Ark is truly necessary for our country, I'll decide after seeing it with my own eyes. The Ark belongs to Sirius. Um... Are you all right? Why? Yuliy, you're sensitive to the cold. Your father... I hope you get to see him. But when I really think about it, I don't know what to say even if I see him. I don't even remember his face. What's a father like? Um... Let's see. In my father's case, he's very stubborn, nagging, doesn't understand me at all, um, and... And? -I'm sorry, that's about it. -I see. But that's his way of thinking dearly of me, and I think maybe it's because he's desperately trying to protect me. Protecting the family he loves... Being able to protect us is his pride I think. So that's a father. But maybe that's just my wishful thinking. Brother... Maybe it was the same for my brother. As a Sirius, protecting me and Mother was his pride. That's why he taught me how to hunt and protect myself. So your brother took your father's place. Yeah. But... What I learned from brother, he learned from Father. My brother learned about Sirius pride and what we must protect, all from the father I don't know. So what Father did must be... Misha. Where are you going at this hour? It's none of your business. Were you going to warn your dear little brother? Were you going to tell him "Don't go near the Ark"? It's the Slave from that time... Yuck, that's dirty. The dark sea of death spreads through our tribe. Put him out of his misery. -What? -What? My clothes will get dirty! Tamara, he's your kind! Do something. What? No, I don't want to. Here, you kill yourself. Hurry. Die. Die! Oh? Pitiful. There may be more than one infected onboard. I'll leave it up to you. Mikhail, if you don't want to be like this, be a good boy until the time comes. Come on, do a better job. I wonder why he didn't listen to me. What on earth was that? Being a major so young. You must be quite good. I'm very grateful. But you had no luck taking over my post. It's almost as if you can have no hope for a successful career now. You're still considered missing. Your post in the army has not been revoked. As long as you obtain the Ark, -you can go back to Japan with dignity... -Of course I know that. I'm here because I can't report back. Why? You already know the location of the Ark, don't you? Even if I knew, nothing can be done about it anymore. I see. Then to find out what that means, could you tell me where the Ark is? I'll check with my own eyes why it's impossible to obtain it and report the details to high-ranking officials. If I can convince them with what I report, we shall be released from our mission. You could have done so yourself, but you didn't. -There's another reason, isn't there? -No! I won't say it. I promised Alexei. A promise? So you did see Father. What promise? Can't say... -I can't say! -Old man! Shut up! You're better off not knowing anything. Just go on back to your village! I can't go home. The village, Dogville is... Is gone now. 10 years ago, it was attacked by Vampires because they were after the Ark... Everyone died. Everyone... How can it be? Then what did he... Then what did Alexei do it for? I am the only Sirius survivor. As a survivor, I have to know. Why did Father take the Ark? What was he going to do with it? Why did he come here to Sakhalin? The Vampires are still after the Ark, too. It's a matter of time for them to reach where Father is. Maybe they're already there... That's why I have to get there as soon as possible. To protect Father and the Ark from them! So please, old man... -Alexei... -Huh? If I knew he would do such a thing, I would have... What do you mean? He sealed it deep underneath the mountains of Sakhalin so that nobody could get a hold of the Ark. I don’t even know if he’s still alive. But when I touched it, I heard his voice... "Never come again, and tell no one," he said. That's the promise you made with Father? But even then, I couldn't just leave him there like that. So here in Sakhalin, I must at least... Thank you. You were fond of my father. You even gave up going back to Japan and stayed by his side all along. So thank you for that. For still considering Father as a friend. A friend? I see. That's right. Since then, he and I have always been... Father and the Ark are here? I want you to have this, too. This is... I felt as if I were talking to Alexei when I was talking to you... Father. I couldn't help him, but maybe as his son, you can... So please... Please help Alexei! Yes. Certainly. Dogville. So this is where Yuliy was born. At a place like this... It's no wonder nobody could find it. If it is as the ancient documents say, what we came for should be right here. Now, shall we split up into two groups? Why? We have to bury them. OK, leave the heavy labor up to me. Oh? Fine, I'll do it! I'm sorry. Britain, huh... I can't let my guard down... Major, Major! Major, please wake up. Well, you're awfully energetic for the morning. Wait till you see me after I have breakfast... Never mind that! Yuliy isn't here! The car is gone, so probably Bishop, too... Wha... What shall we do? Go after them, of course. But how are we going to when we don't have the map? I memorized the approximate location when I saw it yesterday. Of course, you're an Imperial soldier! Are you sure about leaving those two behind? Isn't it better to have more fighters? You and I are enough. It's an honor to be relied on, but I'm worried. You weren't able to kill those kid Royals last time... Don't tell me you showed them mercy... It's not like that. I only... I only didn't like those eyes. Well, I don't get it, but do a better job next time. Yeah. Our destination is straight ahead, across that ridge. What is it? I found you! My name is Klarwein! -So the true sanctuary is... -I feel a really strong -bad vibe... -Live solitarily with the Ark. I need to know everything. Isn't that right? Father! Subtitle translation by Haruna Saito 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 