Sirius the Jaeger: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sirius the Jaeger 
 s1e8 - The Sanctuary of Sirius - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sirius the Jaeger (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - The Sanctuary of Sirius - full transcript 
 Alone, Yuliy heads to southern Karafuto/Sakhalin on the trail of the Ark of Sirius. His brother and the vampire prince Yevgraf are already there. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mr. Yevgraf. Well... It seems your partner managed to escape. That's fine. One would suffice. You're awake, Mikhail. You're about to meet the master we adore, yet you've been sleeping all this time. I'm so excited that I cannot sleep at all. What I saw then never leaves my mind. Oh, we're beginning to see it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But after today, even that will... Oh, Master Yevgraf. What an honor to actually have you welcome me like this. Mikhail. I've been longing to see you. Lonely without me, were you? How...? How dare you speak to him in that tone? You never change, do you? Oh, yes, yes. Let's go... But... Excuse me... Mikhail. Let's go together... to the last hope of the Vampires... the Ark of Sirius. It sure is cold. I guess we're both a bit odd for moving to Sakhalin in this season. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, I wouldn't be able to do this if my family didn't come with me. I completely understand. Yevgraf is probably close to finding the Ark. Or perhaps he already has. What? How could he? -The old document? -Yes. The original print was excavated a few centuries ago from the ruins where the Sirius allegedly once prospered. I wasn't able to decipher everything, but the Ark of Sirius was mentioned in it. It explained what the Ark is, and how it was passed down to posterity. By the time Yevgraf attacked Dogville, the Ark had already been taken away by someone. By my father. Nobody knew where the Ark went, so, it seemed like the Vampires had hit a dead end. But they did not give up. Does that mean they finished deciphering the entire document? And did they find something that indicated the location of the Ark? That's a logical conclusion. They must have applied my deciphering patterns. Yuliy. I have thus far concentrated on exterminating Vampires. As atonement for what I did to you and Dogville. Professor... South Sakhalin. That's where I'll find Yevgraf. And the Ark of Sirius. It's hard to believe your younger brother was a Jaeger, working together with the professor. He must be about your size by now, no? How is that question helpful in any way? I ordered you to kill Jaegers on sight. You had many opportunities to kill him, yet you did nothing. You must really love your little brother. What's this? Ancient characters, once used by the Sirius. Sirius characters? A long time ago, the civilization of the Sirius began here, on this land. Thus, this is the sacred land of the Sirius. And that's why your father brought the Ark here. -What? -It is written on the wall here that this is the birthplace of the Ark of Sirius, and that this is the only place where the Ark could be sealed. Sealed? Father never said anything about that. Did he tell you that he would come back as soon as he hid the Ark? But your father never returned to Dogville. And you will soon find out why, Mikhail. What is this place? Your father, the inheritor of the Ark, carried out a truly heroic act for the Sirius. Your father used the Ark to create a mechanism where nobody can possibly know what will happen if anyone, whether human or Vampire, gets any closer to the Ark. And he sacrificed his life doing so. My father did this? It's an eternal seal that nobody could ever break. But with you, a fellow Sirius and beloved son, that may not be the case. It's the dramatic reunion of father and son. Somewhere here... So, Yuliy went to South Sakhalin, all by himself, to look for this Ark of Sirius? That's likely the case. He acts swiftly, as usual. But he didn't have to leave without saying anything. -Calm down now. -I told you not to touch my hair. I never thought of him as the type to go after such a mysterious object. For him, it doesn't matter what's inside the Ark. Finding the Ark has become the purpose of his life now, probably. And we have nothing to do with it, is that it? Professor, are you sure we should leave Yuliy alone like this? No doubt that he's competent, but working alone seems too dangerous. Is it because it's an order? -Philip. -Returning to the headquarters is more important than Yuliy, is that it? Yeah, that's right. -But why? -However... we need to go somewhere first. We'll do what we can do. Please, call me when you've decided. Young lady. Bring me some sake. All right. Aren't you drinking too much, too early in the day? Whatever. I can't stand life without drinking. -Welcome. -Welcome. Don't do it. Don't pull out anything dangerous in a place like this. But I like your taste. The food here is the best in South Sakhalin. Don't worry, it's on me, so, you needn't threaten me like a dog, Yuliy Jirov. Who are you? Bishop. I'm one of you guys. A Jaeger? This is where Father rests with the Ark. Father sealed the Ark, sacrificing his life. Yet it is I who will break that seal? What are you waiting for? Bring your adorable father up from there. Forgive me, Father. The Ark. If only I had the Ark, I could... Father. Why? Father, please. Allow me... Allow me to take the Ark. That's enough. Come back, Mikhail. I refuse. Stop... it. You can't die just yet. It'd be no fun. Do not... get in my way. You're so defiant to your master, as usual. I've never considered you my master. It must be the proud Sirius blood that makes you behave this way. However... the blood pact we formed can even make that surrender. Consequently, your father seems to have denied you completely. But what if we use your adorable little brother? Annihilated? Calm down. Were all the other Jaegers killed? Come on, don't be so worried. I'm still alive. I'll be damned. I asked Headquarters for backup, and you're the only person that they send me. I'm not it. I didn't come here as a Jaeger. Which means you're here for the Ark of Sirius. Why? We're in the same business. I tend to find out about other Jaegers' backgrounds. I know that you're a survivor of Sirius, for example. How much do you know? Chasing Yevgraf is what led me to the Ark, that's all. -Disappointed? -No. So, then what do you think about this? I plan to meet a person who knows where the Ark is. You want information on the Ark. I will find the Ark before Yevgraf, make him watch me destroy it, and then I'll kill him, too. You see, our goals are practically the same. You want to work together? It's always better to have more manpower. All right. But the Ark is important for my tribe. I can't have you destroy it. Mr. Yevgraf. You're back. How did it go? No good, I take it. Mr. Yevgraf, please, wait. We have no time to waste. Now that we know that it's difficult to obtain the Ark, even with a Sirius, we only have one choice. Just one. Please, wait. Allow me to take this opportunity to display the fruit of my great research. My research. The... The total destruction of the prototype was certainly unexpected, but I can start mass production as soon as you give me permission. Mr. Yevgraf, please. Mr. Yevgraf... I swear... I swear that I will show you that my research is good. Nothing but my research will save the future of Vampires. On an autumn night... he who leaves The Imperial Capital is the foreigner. Those people were like a typhoon. Now, Ryoko would at least behave properly. Master. -What's with the commotion? -I... I found this. DEAR FATHER "Dear Father, I do myself the honor to address you. Having packed my bag, I shall finally part for London." Father, I must leave. Please, forgive me for having left without saying anything. As the next head of the Naoe Family, I must examine the cause of the tragedy that devastated our family. With a strong mind and ceaseless efforts... "I shall accomplish this goal and return home. Please, be well until that day. Sincerely, Ryoko." What...? What shall we do? "Let your beloved child travel," they say. All right, let's go. -What? Go where? -Where do you think? To London. But you just said, "Let your beloved child travel." Who said you can't go with your traveling child? Oh, well... I see. PRIME MINISTER AMBUSHED Getting sent to South Sakhalin in a situation like this seems like a diplomatic form of demotion. Hell awaits me if I go forward, and hell awaits me if I go back. At any rate, it's all up to the Ark, how things will turn out. I must get energized to prepare for the long journey ahead of me. It's freezing tonight. Winter has arrived early this year. Can't believe someone knows about the Ark this deep in the mountains. The stubborn old man is infamous for his dislike of people. He might not be willing to talk. So, what's your weapon? Is that darn stick going to help you at all? Who taught you? The leader of your group? -I taught myself. -For crying out loud. But the professor has taught me a lot of other things. Reading and writing, many languages, and also... How to kill Vampires? He's some professor, having taught you such a thing since you were so young. Later today, I will probably fight together with you. So, I want to ask you something, before that happens. What? Don't you dare ask me if I know how to handle a gun. I've been smelling blood from you this whole time. The same smell as them. Are you really a Jaeger? When you're in this business for a long time, the smell of Vampires gets on you, and it won't come off. I use my cigar as cologne. I knew that one day I was going to pay for all the Vampires I've killed. But I wasn't expecting to pay for all of them at once like this. Are you talking about your dead colleagues? Yeah. I spent more time with them than with my family. -I think you know what I'm talking about. -Yes. That's why I came to Sakhalin alone. Hey. We're almost there. Look out. Damn monsters. Let me handle this, Yuliy. Are you all right? I'm Larisa. I'm Tamara. You're Misha's little brother, right? You don't look like him. Would you like to be a Vampire, too? You'd be able to play with Misha again. Stop this nonsense. -Why? -Why are you upset? Do you hate us? Because we killed the villagers? Because you're the only Sirius left? -Shut up. -A Sirius? Because your mother was killed? Misha became a Vampire, you know. Had Master Yevgraf not bitten Misha, he would have died. -I know, right? -It was Yevgraf who... Aren't you lonely, Yuliy? Don't worry, Yuliy. -Let's form a blood pact. -Let's form a blood pact. EPISODE 8 THE SANCTUARY OF SIRIUS More could be infected. -Why did you hesitate? -You won't be able to obtain the Ark. Alexei made sure nobody would. -What is a father? -Die. EPISODE 9 FATHER'S SHADOW Subtitle translation by Kozo Komori 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 