Sirius the Jaeger: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Sirius the Jaeger 
 s1e6 - Mokingbird's Song - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Sirius the Jaeger (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Mokingbird's Song - full transcript 
 The vampires determine that the Ark of Sirius isn't in Tokyo, but they still have one task left in the city. Willard learns something urgent at the bar. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES Extra, Extra, Extra! It says Naotora Momose is dead! Is The Hyakko Party finally finished? We can now walk the streets at night without worry. Dying in the explosion of an entire train sure is a flashy way to go. Damn it. Damn it! What have you done, Mikhail!? Damn! Do you have any idea how hard it was for me to complete that? I only set him free from his misery. No, you could've done it differently! Mr. Kershner, please say something! There was a message from Mr. Yevgraf. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The Ark of Sirius is not here in the Imperial Capital. So coming here was a total waste of time. No, no! Isn't my research important? We must be at Mr. Yevgraf's side at once. I-- I won't give up! I got enough data, and mass production is possible too! For crying out loud! -I'll never give up! -Noisy bastard. After all, his research was a failure which just cost us money and labor. But there's something left for us to do. It's those damn annoying bugs... Jaegers. Here on this land, we will destroy them completely. Will the next flower bloom to your satisfaction, Yuliy? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 -The damage is quite bad. -Wouldn't it be better to get a new car? Never mind that. We can't inflate the repair fee, can we? Don't get me involved. -Hey, you have grease on your face. -Really? Your face! That's why I don't like doing oily work. Just take a bath later. Let's make Yuliy help too. I'd bet he's good at this detailed work. You should leave him be for now. -They don't look alike. -What? Yuliy and his brother. It can't be good for him to look like a Vampire. So he did become a Vampire. Yes. He told me that as long as I'm a Jaeger, my brother and I are enemies. He mentioned the Ark too. When I was in Dogville, I was still young... so I was told nothing about the Ark. But I'm sure my brother knows. Maybe that's also why the Vampires are keeping your brother alive. What actually is the Ark? What's my brother going to do with the Ark? Yuliy, do you want to quit being a Jaeger? If you do, you and your brother won't have to kill each other. Vengeance is my reason for living. This is all I have. You taught me that, professor. I don't know how I would live if I quit. I certainly taught you how to take vengeance. But is it a way to live? It's not. Mikhail, was it? You two share the same blood, and he's your only brother. You have the choice to live, and let him live too. -But my brother is a Vampire, and-- -What if there was a way to change that? What if, like he said, you could spare a life or take it with the Ark? If you figure something out about the Ark, maybe you'll know how to live your life. But before that, we must first know the Vampires' moves. The humanoid weapon they created with help from Alma Trading Company... I don't know its connection to the Ark, but now that it has been destroyed, what will the Vampires do next? LIMITED EXPRESS TRAIN HYAKKO PARTY INVOLVEMENT First you go out without permission, now you say you were on this train? I'm deeply sorry for worrying you. Unbelievable. Think of what could've happened if everyone from V Shipping hadn't been there. They found this. I have allowed your swordsmanship training so you could strengthen your mind and body, but I forbid you to touch a sword ever again. Being both a good warrior and a scholar is an outdated ideal. You should just quietly work hard on your studies as the next head of the family. Father... there are many things in this world you cannot understand just by studying. What? I don't want that. I want to see more and more of this world, experience it, and learn! If I'm to be the next head of the family-- That's enough! Unbelievable. Do you want to be forbidden from going out as well? Anyway, consider your position from now on. What would your mother say if she were alive-- I will not! I will not "consider my position"! I won't quit swordsmanship training either! Hey! Hey, Ryoko! Ryoko? The whole city has been talking about The Hyakko Party all morning. The police hunt for the remaining radicals shouldn't take long either. I see. It's a pity to hear about Major General Kakizaki. Yeah. After finishing his report, he took full responsibility and ended his life by honorable suicide. I heard it was a warrior-like and admirable end. But that's not the end. The Alma Trading Company... ALMA TRADING COMPANY ATTACKED After the Japan incident a few executives, including the vice president, who was visiting from headquarters, remain missing. The Department of War and chiefs of staff are in a frenzy to learn their whereabouts. We also have orders to search for the Alma Trading Company executives as top priority. If they're hiding here in the Imperial Capital, we are told not to hesitate to declare martial law. That's a serious matter. I'm at a loss. Postponing the V Shipping case... V Shipping? Weren't they innocent? I heard they cooperated with the army on the train. Vampire... No, it's nothing. You all proceed with the search for the Alma executives. Yes, sir. Where are you headed, sir? I thought I'd pretend to be someone other than a newspaper man. A way to live other than vengeance... All right, a new record! So this is how it's used. The Japanese sure use hot water in a luxurious way. Before I came here, I had only heard about it from my mother too. What? So you had a brother. Yeah, but I had always thought he was dead. You should be happy you got to see him. He has become a Vampire. Even so... it's a hundred times better than never seeing him again. So the sword skills you showed on the train were the fruit of your daily discipline. My father scolded me. He said I should quit my swordsmanship training and quietly work on my studies. Oh, that's a waste. Aren't fighting women wonderful? Dorothea, how did you get into your line of work? It's not me you want to know about, it's Yuliy, right? You saying such things again... Although not as wealthy as your family, my family was fairly rich too. So I lived very comfortably. Then, why? I happened to see it... A monster that shouldn't exist in this world. A Vampire. Of course. If you saw such a monster, of course you couldn't let it be. Things can't stay this way, something must be done! Yes. It's an amazing thing to put your life on the line like that for others. Don't glorify me too much. I just couldn't hold in the boiling impulses of my heart... Well, I was young and thoughtless. Dorothea, you have seen, heard, and learned many things from all over the world. I'm so envious of that. Then, could you also teach me sometime? "Chanbara", was it? Because I don't know that. Yes. It's called swordsmanship, actually. Yeah. Then as usual, let's meet at the bar. -You're a new face. -People come and go all the time. You know how it is. I want information on the missing Alma Trading Company executives. Alma, Alma, wherever I go... The train attacked by The Hyakko Party, they were on it. I know that much. I never knew that. If you don't know, I'll go to someone else. In that case, those executives... Are they Vampires too? Army of the Greater Japanese Empire. I'm Major Hideomi Iba. The army? Tell me everything you've seen and heard. All right. It's perfect. With this, they won't complain if I charge extra. It's cold. Damn. For the army to meddle in this... What's happening? Connect me to Yotsuya, 7036, the Naoe mansion-- Oh, I'm sorry we're closed today-- Hey. I'm all right. I wasn't bit. But more importantly, here. They came... Vampires... they want to... You all... I wanted to drink your mockingbird one last time. -Professor is late. -Yes, put me through. Is he still drinking at this hour? Professor? Yes. Yes. I understand. Professor, please be careful too. The Vampires are coming. All right. We don't have to look for them anymore. Hurry. See how many people are in the mansion, and evacuate. Then, set traps at all entrances and exits in the house, -and around the premises. -Got it! Yuliy... I have a favor to ask. Oh, no... Is there a place you can hide in the house? Maybe the warehouse of the annex. But why me? I want you to ask the Baron to take everyone in the house and evacuate there. Since you've actually seen and fought a Vampire, I think you can convince him. -Yuliy... -That's what Dorothea told me to say. Oh, is that so? I understand. Should I evacuate as well? No, please protect your father and everyone else. Everybody has said you are very strong. Yes! Wha-- What are you doing, sir? Oh, just setting a trap to exterminate vermin. It'll be dangerous tonight so you'd better not go outside. What-- What is that, Ryoko? What is that outfit? Monsters are coming to attack this house. -What are you talking about? -It's true! We must evacuate to the warehouse immediately. Alas! This can't be happening. -Father, you know about the monsters too? -Ryoko, you have finally lost your mind. No-- No, I haven't! -What's this? A blackout? -Father! Please, hurry! Father! Here they come. With guns, our positions will be exposed. Come on now, you dirty Vampires. I'll dispense with them quickly then maybe take another bath. Do you want to kill me too, Philip? Because a fellow from my tribe killed your parents. Why ask that now? I don't know... When I think about it now, your tribe had nothing to do with it. It was only... Only bad luck. Don't you want vengeance? Don't you think of killing everyone related to who killed your parents? I did think so. But like Saki said, you're not to blame, Yuliy. Isn't it the same with your brother? Vampires may be your enemy, but does that make your brother an enemy too? They're walking into our traps. It stopped. -Piece of cake. -Fallon. They're not coming. -Well, now, did they go home? -They're here. They're nearby. -What? Where? There's no place to hide. -I smell them for sure. Damn. Retreat for now. Philip! Yuliy! This is bad. They brought everyone they've got! Let's join Dorothea's group. Hey, a fire. Fire! Which mansion? That's Mr. Naoe's mansion! It seems the most amazing stage has been set for us... Shall we begin? What on earth-- What on earth is happening, Ryoko? Everyone from V Shipping is fighting. What? What do you mean? In the time of need, I'll be the bait... Please gather everyone and run while you can. Don't say such foolish things. I'll never allow you to go! I have the responsibility to protect everyone as the next head of the house! What father would be happy being protected by his daughter? I will go! Ryoko, if anything happened to you, what would I say to your late mother? Father? This isn't good. I still haven't sent home this month's allowance. But if you die, they'll receive insurance money. That's not funny. Damn. The fire is spreading to the mansion! Kershner. A big fish has appeared, Yuliy. Yuliy... So, you're the Sirius survivor. I, Kershner, will personally take your last breath from you. You should feel honored. Hey, don't ignore me. Mikhail! Philip! Your opponent is me! You fool. You should've just abandoned this spineless human. Yu-- Yuliy. Run. Yeah, I will... but with you, Philip! EPISODE 6 MOCKINGBIRD'S SONG We obtained an ancient document. -It concerns the survival of the Empire. -You were there, -so I survived! -You say it exists? It was a long time! EPISODE 7 TRUE CONFESSION Subtitle translation by Haruna Saito 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 