Epicly Later'd: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Epicly Later'd 
 s1e8 - Harmony Korine - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Epicly Later'd (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Harmony Korine - full transcript 
 Harmony Korine has spent his life disrupting traditional cinema with his provocative films. What most people don't know is that first and foremost he's a skater. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I got a Cohiba plug. Cohibas. ** Albert's like my, - he's, like, one of my favorite people in Miami. He's a-an encyclopedia of, like, any great crime that's happened here. A lot of times, I just come over to his house if I'm thinking of a story, or I-I needed certain characters, or, I want to be inspired. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I try to, like, pick Albert's brain. The state of Col-- I mean, the state of Florida, you know, Orlando, St. Petersburg, Jacksonville, Tampa, you know, y-you got -- you know, you got -- you got trailer-park murders where you have, you know, you have four or five guys who get drugged out, go to somebody's trailer and m-murder the family. Yeah. That happens a lot. You know, it happens a lot. You know, who knows when the end times are near. Maybe one or two or three generations. So, demonic entities are working overtime to take as many people to Hell as they can. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Real deal. Listen to -- Listen to Albert. He knows. Yeah. I mean, the book of Revelations. Jesus Christ, what happened? ** A lot of the kind of love for the films that come now weren't there in the very beginning. They're much more kind of created with confrontation and venom. He has, like, no fear when it comes to making film. Like, people who skate, like, aren't afraid to do shit the hard way. Like, Harmony has that in spades. Harmony went from skating, he went to film school, he did "Kids," gets a picture deal, and now he's making art. His shit sells for bread. How much is this one if I wanted to buy it? I don't know. A couple hundred thousand. If you think it's a lie, it's the truth. If you think it's the truth, it may be a lie. And that's comedy. The things that scare me -- I go t-towards those things. If what I'm seeing is exciting, then you don't have to justify it. I'll snap that motherfucking neck! Bam! Bam! Bam! The thing is that Harmony is a storyteller, and I don't think he can ever turn it off. ** We flew down to Miami to meet up with Harmony Korine. He's a little bit different than the normal people we feature on this show. Usually, it's, like, a pro skater. But Harmony, as a director and a storyteller, I feel like has such an interesting take on skateboarding. And he's got a story that's surprisingly intertwined with skating. I mean, the -- the "Kids" film was -- was so popular culturally, and such a cool document of a certain time in skateboarding. You know, kind of like the mid-, early-'90s. So Harmony lives in Miami now, and we're kind of interested in why he's here, what he likes about Miami. And kind of just get to the bottom of who he is, and hope you enjoy it -- the Harmony Korine episode. ** Welcome to "Epicly Later'd" on VICELAND. This is the Harmony Korine episode. That's my dad. Hello, America! I-It's interesting to me to see skateboarders now because for the most part, they seem so much more peaceful. Then, when we were skating, it was so much about, like, violence, probably because of all the people that fucked with you. ** I remember those -- those early Alien Workshop videos, for me, were like, blew my mind. I remember, like, w-- I think it was, like, the Scott Conklin part in the video where he's, like, getting in a fight. That like 1-minute video clip -- it showed this kind of weird foreboding and violence that I kind of I-identified with. ** Skateboarding at that point wasn't really, in like the late-'80s, early-'90s in -- in the South, wasn't something that most people, like, aspired to do. It was much more, like, looked down upon, and, you know, we were spit at all the time, and fights were like a daily occurrence. The whole time, I was just waiting for someone to jump out of, like, a truck and rob us or something like that. ** At the same time, it was fun. Like, I have to admit, like, it was pretty fun. I went to my first, like, hardcore show. I went and saw JFA at some club in Nashville. It was so violent in the South. In that scene, it was, like, a lot of rednecks. There was a lot of violence, a lot of fighting. So, I was getting, like, beaten up in the pit or whatever. There was, like, people with, like, razor blades in the pit and just blood everywhere and... ...I loved it. I wanted to go to San Francisco because all the street skating was in San Francisco. It was just, like, that was the place. We took a Greyhound bus to San Francisco and we just got our boards, and I remember, we just skated to Embarcadero immediately. ** James Kelch was probably, like, the first person I saw. He was the mayor of Embarcadero at -- at that point. Jovontae Turner. Carroll brothers were there. We don't look alike. Rick Ibaseta. Coco Santiago. It was like the pages of magazines had, like, come to life. ** That trip was super important to me, and I was there for like the whole summer. It was, like, the craziest trip ever. I mean, it was really fucked up. The very first moment, if you really want to know the truth, as soon as I got there, there was this girl. Her name was **** I got there and I remember, she was getting finger banged in the -- she was, like, stan-- she was standing out by the fountain with her pants down, and some skater just was, like, fingering her. I was like, "What the fuck is this place?" It w-- It was so lawless and gnarly. My God! A lot of the kids that were hanging out at the time would later be in the movie "Kids." Lavar was there. It's all about the money. I remember, like, Nick Lockman was there. He was probably like 11 or 12. Slow down, Nick. Back then, like, nobody's parents really cared. Like, if you went away, you would tell your mom, "I'm going, and I'll, like, see you at the beginning of school, in a couple months or something." I think we slept on a rooftop for a couple nights. And then, just one of, like, the kids there, one of them, like, had a flop house. I remember we started staying with him. I remember, like, **** going back to the flop house, and I think she took, like, everyone's virginity. ** To be honest with you, after that trip, skateboarding got really technical, and stairs and handrails and stuff, I just knew I wasn't, like, ever gonna be good enough to, like, turn pro or, you know, have a career at skateboarding. It wasn't that I lost interest, but I just started to feel like that it wasn't, like, my lot in life. Basically, what happened was, when I was a junior in high school, I started making movies. I had this one teacher. I took a creative-writing course, and I'd written like a one-page story. She actually, like, said, "Hey, Harmony wrote something interesting." She said, "What do you want to do when you grow up?" I said I wanted to make movies. She got, like, a grant from, like, the city, and, like, I made my first film. Her name was Miss Bradshaw. She started the whole thing. My greatest aspirations were crack addiction and schizophrenia. I wanted to experience the lowest depths of urban culture. I wanted to sing Barry Manilow songs to the police as they walked the beat and have them say, "Just another youth gone bad. Just some angry punk. He'll be dead in a year." I just wanted to make sense of disaster. And I remember watching it, and I was like -- I just remember that was like a super pivotal moment, 'cause I was like, th-the footage looked legitimate. It looked like my version of like a Casavetis film or something. Or, like -- and it wasn't even that it was, like, the best or this or that. It was just something, like, you just see... there's your in. ** I made okay grades, and I made little, interesting movies in high school, and then I got a scholarship to NYU. I had spent so much time in New York. My parents are from New York, my grandma lived in New York. And having skated in New York and that whole, like, the East Coast, like all those kids, a lot of them were my friends. I-I really just wanted to go to NYU. That's when I moved to my grandma's house in New York, in like 1993. Like, the whole city was like a playground at that point. ** Everyone skated the Brooklyn Banks, Union Square. But, really, the main genesis was Washington Square Park. That's where pretty much everyone just would hang out. So, it'd be, like, the Lo Lifes in one section and then, like, the skater kids, and then, like, hippies or whatever. It was very, like, segregated. Most of the skaters were real weirdos, and it was like a-a mark of, like, a real alternative. ** My shit is mad fucked up. Steven Cales at that point was like the most pure street skater ever. He was, like, the first kind of super proto gangster skateboarder. And I remember he used to come and go. Come and go, like come visit. We liked him. I don't know, for some reason, we liked him. And plus, he was cool to Harold. Harold Hunter was the first guy that everybody met in New York. Of course he wasn't, but he's the first guy you remember meeting, 'cause he's Harold Hunter. Harold was like the mayor of downtown. When I first started coming to New York when I was like 12, 13 years old, he was one of the first people I met. He would crack everyone up. He's kind of like an American original. And I was kind of, like, you know, kind of sizing him up. Not like I'm gonna attack him, but it's just some New York shit. But since Harold brought him around, okay, cool. I think what Harmony captured and what -- what Larry -- 'Cause we got to remember, we can't just be Harmony, Harmony, Harmony. I know this is Harmony's piece, but Larry's the elder. Larry's been on this whole trying to hook up with kids and shoot them. He's been doing this before he even met us. Just to answer your question, just adding that on. ** I first met Larry Clark going to a documentary photography class. I was, 17. And I wasn't even a professional photographer at that point. I just photographed, my friends skateboarding. I started sending him prints and he would give a call back, and just say, "Shoot more." And he came out to San Francisco wanting me to show him skateboarding. Visually, being visualized, most exciting kids were the skateboarders. So I started hanging out with the skateboarders in the late '80s. I was in San Francisco, I was in California, and then I was back in New York. And then, one day, I was sitting in Washington Square Park with my skateboard, and I had -- had my Leica. And this kid came up and sat down next to me and said his name was Harmony Korine. And he said, something about the Leica and Robert Frank, and I said, "What 18-year-old kid knows about Leicas and Robert Frank?" So, I -- we got in a conversation with him. I knew that I wanted to make movies young. I didn't want to wait. I w-- I felt like I was, like, you know, kind of like e-exploding. Well, I wanted to make a movie about adolescence. I wanted to make a film that had never been made before. I-I need someone to write the film that's a kid. It needs to be written from the inside. Because my first book, "Tulsa," I was a kid when I did it. So I called Harmony and asked him to write me a screenplay. I remember going over to Larry's house at that point. I think Gus Van Sant was over there. That's when I kind of knew it was legit. Ready? Go. Ready, and action. I'm telling you, the whole movie doesn't make sense how it happened. It was that last gasp of crazy, weird New York moment where people let us make a film that you'd never be able to make right now. Could you say it one more time? What's your dad's name? Harmony Korine. What job does he have? He's a director. Have you ever seen any of his movies? N-No. Not a single movie? No. They-They're too inappropriate. Yo, how was that shit, yo? My God. So good, dude. That girl can fuck. Word. She can fuck, yo? Hells, yeah, halfway through, I'm thinking like, "This girl's no virgin. No virgin can fuck like this." You sure she's a virgin? How'd she smell? Did her puss stink? Take a whiff. Butterscotch, yo. It's the best. ** When people ask me about "Kids," it is this really weird, unique -- I can't even explain how it happened. Nobody had ever done anything. Everyone was amateurs. Nobody had ever acted. I had never -- Or I had never written a real script. You know, Larry -- he had never directed. It -- It was just -- just weird synthesis. The actual story of "Kids" was over a four- or five-year period of me hanging out with these kids and getting stories and seeing things that happened. He wanted to make a movie about a character that took virginities. And somewhere, there had to be AIDS in the plot. Jennie, you've tested positive for the HIV virus. But I only had sex with Telly. I remember going to, like, the 20-year anniversary, watching it and being totally shocked by the film, having an adult reaction to it and be like, I know what happens and I'm still like gasping and in awe. Quim Cardona was supposed to be Telly in the movie, but his mom wouldn't let him do it. Somehow -- I don't know how -- they ended up on me. Larry later on told me they said, "Why would you cast this kid? He's ugly." And Larry goes, "Well, a good-looking guy wouldn't have to chase pussy." Yo, but that's it. You know, you got to, like, take it slow, you know, and you got to be smooth. Girls like it slow and romantic. Justin Pierce was always gonna be Casper. That role was written for him. Harold's role was written for Harold. Steven's role was written for Steven, but Steven had gotten locked up. I was supposed to be in the movie, right, but I was going to go get this script. I ended up stopping at the store, because I was into r-- stealing shit. Like, you know, even though I was getting paid from skateboarding, I still was like one side of my head in the streets and one side of my head in skateboarding. The security guy was standing in front of the door, and I pull out the meat cleaver. Back in those days, they killed a kid over Jordans, so I would carry a knife on me. I don't know how he had a gun, but he pulled out a .22. And I was like, "Shit." And the cops came, I got arrested and... whatever. Anyway, I ended up getting, 24 months. So, Jon Abrahams -- Jonny Boy -- he did good, though. ** We both had this idea of making a film that felt more like it was eavesdropping or more like it was like stolen moments or something, and using all real -- all the real kids from the park. There's so many people think -- think it's improv, you know, but it's not improv. This is Harmony's word for word line. Say you was to die tomorrow, right? Yeah. 50 years from now, all the virgins you ever fucked, they're gonna remember you, right? Yeah, yeah. That's right. They're gonna tell their grandkids about that shit. "That Telly, he sure was good in the sack." The only improv is the four boys sitting on the couch smoking weed. Yo, where'd you get that shit? My brother. ** Yeah, we was smoking weed. We was smoking weed before they told us to smoke weed. That's why they were like, "Just smoke weed." You know? It just never felt like we were making a movie. It was basically an exaggerated version of what we were already doing. You know, the fight in Washington Square Park was based on a fight that happened at the Brooklyn Banks. What the fuck you guys doing, man?! He's a fucking human being! Who gives a shit?! Hey, stop it! You don't fucking tear people and shit. Yo, bro. Put your shirt on your shit. At that point, mostly kids, everybody, we all just wanted to mostly just disappear. This was, like, pre-Internet and before everyone's life was always on display. It was more of a thing of, like, living a life that was away from your parents and away from convention. And most everyone had broken homes and stuff. So, it was a -- the movie was mostly trying to show that -- that world and that kind of like oblivion seekers. ** Pbht! That weed is mad good, yo. It was pretty raw. It seemed like a documentary. You know, it had that feel. It was like NC-17, it was a controversy. It just made all the kids want to see it even more 'cause they weren't allowed. The people you saw in the film was a tight group. So you got this tight group who were with each other all the time. Now they're on camera. I-It was natural. Harold's performance and Justin's performance, even though it isn't them, they are the most real thing in the movie. They're just being that... Damn, Kim, your body looks fucking dope. You think so? Hells, yeah. I'm serious, yo. It's funny, you don't really know how dope a girl's body is until she takes all her clothes off. Truth or dare, you guys. Kiss each other. Sure. I do that all the time. Holy... You guys are dykes, right? Shit! Justin was always sort of more important than I was, 'cause I would follow orders and I would be there on time. And Justin was sort of hard to wrangle in. But that made him exciting. Casper. Casper, where's -- What are you doing here? Long time, no see. He was definitely wild, with like the drink and the drugs. Super sweet kid, but yeah, I-I was scared of him. Not because he was scary, just 'cause... he was so real. ** People loved him. He was extremely magnetic, super wild, tough as fuck, but, you know, he had demons and he was the real thing. You know, I always thought of him as like the -- the James Dean of the streets. Yo, what's she looking worried about that nigga for? Hey, hit this, yo. Hey. It somehow -- the movie resonated with people in this specific generation. When it came out in '95, I was 13 years old. And, you know, we'd be at Astor Place and all these people come up to me and be like, "That's the kid from the movie. You saved my life. Man, that movie was crazy, man. You know, I went to get an AIDS test." I-I was like, "All right." * What the fuck? What?! * No fuckin' run now * I skateboard every single day, from here to L.A. * I mean, if Howard was still alive, he would tell you, "Yo, you ever saw 'Kids'? I was in that." That's what he used to say back then, and he would get all the girls saying it. He was funny. ** People lived hard. The reason those lives are so fantastic is because they were also just so... unhinged. When they -- When they died, it was pretty horrible. Some of those guys were living pretty hard, pretty fast, and some of the guys didn't make it. There's no reason why Harmony couldn't be on that list. Or Larry or myself. I think that in that movie, you have that "I don't give a fuck" attitude, which a lot of us had already before the movie and still had after the movie. You know, some people just -- you can't tell them anything. Some people just have to learn on their own. It's sad, you know, the two people that put me in the movie aren't here, but I feel like that attitude -- it was in them already. It captured that emotion... that people can't articulate in words, but it's a feeling that's universal. That's why everybody was like, "Holy shit! Yo! Yo! My crew -- yo, we're like that, too." Yeah, everyone's like that. That's -- That's just universal. That's what you saw. That's what they captured. It's, like, the best film about skating that's not about skating, because all the skate movies are so bad. Like, when it's about -- when it's -- when they're trying to be about skating. The genius way to do it is just to, like, create a regular human story that is set in a world of skating. I mean, it changed Larry Clark's career. It launched -- It launched Harmony's career. I was seeing films in a different way. I was wanting to make movies with images coming from all different directions. It's called a euphoric blockbuster, and it's supposed to make Special K look weak. Just take it. No. I don't -- You look sad. So come here. Just -- Just take it. Just swallow. I promise. "Kids" was never a movie I would've made on my own. It wasn't a film -- a story -- that I was dying to tell. If I hadn't been asked to write that movie, I wouldn't have written it. Well, that's the thing that's so funny is that people think of "Kids" as a Harmony Korine film, but Harmony didn't direct it. Harmony wrote the script and the story is totally Harmony, but it's not a Harmony Korine movie. Like, "Gummo" was really, like, the first kind of chance for him to, like, really flex that muscle and be like, "Okay, this is what I -- what I make." "Gummo" was more like kids I had grown up with, and had to do more with like Southern culture, middle America, glue sniffers, and just, like, the weirdness of, like, small towns and types of kids I used to go to school with. Is there enough light? You guys want to do it here? Just stand in this light right here. So -- So these guys, I've known since I was -- we were all little kids, like, together... 11, 12 years old. Yeah. ...skateboarding, so... And h-he was the -- out of all of us, he was the cra-- This guy, now you could never tell, but he was far and away the craziest. He's the guy from "Gummo." In the sequence with him and his brother, the skinhead brothers that beat the shit out of each other, that's him. Were you really a skinhead? No. No, he's like the furthest thing. I was just, like, a, you know, a street kid, I guess. I didn't want to make a film that w-- had a kind of linear logic. I didn't care about making things that made sense. I wanted to make perfect nonsense. The main character I saw on an episode of "Sally Jessy Raphael," called "My Child Died from Sniffing Paint." And he was a paint-sniffing survivor. And that's who starred in the movie. Yeah, that's the craziest thing is they gave it to Bob Shaye. He's like, "I didn't make it past page 8." That's what he said to me. He was like, "But I'll give you enough money to make this film, as long as you tell me it's not artwork." And I was like, "Of course not. I hate art." The producers didn't have a fucking clue in the world what -- about "Gummo." They said, "What is this?" You know? I loved that fucking film, man. Just the kid. The fucking kid eating his spaghetti in the bathtub. ** I did that shit. I did shit like that. It's set in Xenia, Ohio, because that's where Alien Workshop was based. At the end of "Memory Screen" is a reference to Xenia. Harmony's favorite movie was "Memory Screen," so that was like Harmony's, like, saying thank you or at least, like, homage to -- to "Memory Screen." This is the Alien Workshop. ** I love the blind videos, and, you know, you grew up with all the PAL videos. But definitely, by far, the Alien Workshop videos, like "Memory Screen," it kind of felt like the id. It's -- It was like scratching something kind of crazy. ** It was, like, one of the most crazy artistic skate videos ever made. So much of the -- the camera work and the sty-- the editing style in "Gummo" really came from "Memory Screen." I mean, he made it into something much bigger than that, but, you know, it was that aesthetic. The ambience with the vibe, like the use of music, they tapped into the feeling of what it was like to be not -- not just a skateboarder, but be, like, living in middle America. All the kids in Nashville loved it because it felt like it was made for us. ** Do you think "Gummo" pretty well represented Nashville? No. I think, m-my take on "Gummo" is it was more representative of just, like, you know, what people don't want to see. You know, it's like everything that people, um, want to ignore that's out there -- that's really out there. Let's show you how things are in some people's lives. Yeah, of course. The whole movie was like that. We were shooting in some house, and the house was just a house of packrats. And we found a jawb-- someone's jawbone on a chandelier. Producer pulls me aside and says, "The crew just left." I was like, "What do you mean the crew left?" You know? He's like, "The crew left. They don't b-- They're not putting themselves in harm's way." And I remember my cinematographer, he looked at me, and he goes, "Fuck them all. I just need me, you, the lightbulb, and the actor." I was like... "All right, let's do this." People who skate, like, aren't afraid to do shit the hard way. Like, Harmony has that in spades. Like, it's not like, "What's the easiest?" You know? It's like, "What's the gnarliest?" * Make it, make it, don't take it * * Make it, make it, don't break it * Shit, y'all. I'm out of here. Fuck you. It's too hot for this shit. It's too hot for TV. ** ** I didn't know you painted like this. Yeah, this is -- This -- This is... Yeah, it's all from, l-living here for the last year or two. I-I was kind of like, we started out making what I was calling, like, a kind of beach noir-ish,... Beach what? Noir? I was calling it like B-- These kind of like violent,... They -- They felt like they were kind of coincided with the films a little bit. But they're kind of like viol-- like, kind of like weird, violent, surf, beachy, semi-narrative paintings. Um, they're all watercolor. It's funny because people say, "In the last few years, Harmony's, like, kind of exploded as an artist." But, like, he's never stopped making work. He's an artist overall, and so, if he wants to write a book, he could do it. If he wants to make a movie, a music video, whatever. And he's pretty talented at everything he does. Even though he's, you know, known more as like a film director now, he's worked pretty consistently as a visual artist, like, all the way through. You know, he did, like, the collaboration with Christopher Wool, "Pass the Bitch Chicken," and he did amazing collaboration with Rita Ackermann at the Swiss Institute in New York. As I know him, he's always been, like, kind of an artist first, in a weird way. Yeah, so Alleged was this little gallery that Aaron, I think, lived out of, and he just started doing shows there. I was hanging around the skating and music worlds, and the artists that were showing -- they were, like, all my friends from those worlds. And so, it was a natural place for anybody who was interested in skateboarding and art to hang out. The first time I met Harmony, he came by the gallery one night, way before "Kids" or whatever. We started talking, and he's like, "I want to do a show here." I was like, "What do you want to do?" And he's like, "I want to put a cage in the middle of the space, and I want to put a midget in it, and I want to have a neon sign over it that just says -- that just says, 'Spit on the midget.'" That was his show. ** I wanted it all to be entertaining. With my life, the things I was creating, the films and the artwork and everything, writings, I didn't want to differentiate between th-that and -- and my real life. And so, it got really murky and things, and it was a lot of fun, and then it became crazy, too. ** At that period of time, he was really just about shocking the hell out of you. There's the sort of legendary "Fight Harm" series. There's never been any sort of corroboration that he ever actually shot any of that stuff. I don't know if -- I've never seen footage, and I've seen, like, a lot of stuff from Harmony. I've never seen any "Fight Harm" footage. I was such a huge fan of Buster Keaton and Chaplin and, like, physical comedians, people that would, like, fall on their ass and it would just be hilarious. So I wanted to make a film release, what I thought was kind of like the world's greatest comedy. "Fight Harm" was basically he would go out, supposedly, on the streets and provoke fights with dudes and get them to beat him up. And David Blaine was filming him do it. The magician. I want to talk about your friendship with Harmony Korine, 'cause, you know, you guys have been friends since you were kids. What I love about him is his -- his ability to chase his art in a way that most people won't and take risks. Everything that he does is a complete risk, and it's so far ahead of its time. I was wanting to fight, like, some-- one person in every demographic. So you'd fight, like, a Greek guy one day. You'd fight, like, some -- a huge lesbian the next day. I thought -- I felt like sequences of me getting beaten up would just be hilarious. He's running around provoking people, like security guards and -- and bouncers and just getting them to beat him up. And often, I had to jump in, because I'm like, "This is too crazy." ** So where's the footage? So I have the eight fights in a safe. So can we put them in the thing? I feel like it's like a skate part. Yeah. Like, I'm gonna grind this rail. I'm gonna fight this dude. I have to say, you know, it's a weird thing, because people have been wanting to see it for a long time, and I don't know if, like, it's hard for me to, like -- Not that I look at it, but even the concept, it's, like, hard for me to, like, go back and see that. And then I'm almost like the idea of it maybe is better than the actual footage. You know what I'm saying? Like... Yeah. * Hump it, hump it, hump it * Get it * Get that trash pussy "Trash Humpers" seems like a skate video. Yeah. That's kind of -- Yeah, that's kind of right. It's kind of... In Nashville, growing up, we -- I used to live by this -- it was like an old person's home. For $19 a month, you could house an old person in this per-- guy's h-house next to me. And so, I would see old dudes humping trash cans. I was always freaked out by it. It was like a real horror to me. So, it was one of those images, looking out your window, seeing an old guy just fucking banging a trash can, it, like, singes itself in your psyche. Rachel, his wife, was one of the old people fucking garbage cans, which is even more hilarious that she was, like, doing that, dressed up like an old lady. Even calling it a movie is almost strange. It was meant to be something you would find, like, stuck up the guts of a horse or something or buried in the trash somewhere, you know? I originally wanted to distribute the movie by just sending it out to police stations. Damn. Y'all killed this dude. Y'all kilted this shit. This dude danced his last dance, for God's sake. Shit. Damn! That's like career sabotage to do that as a director after, like, having a run of, like, critically acclaimed films. But, yeah. I mean, it goes back to skating. "Trash Humpers" is a skate video... without skating, you know, just all the weird shit in between. It's an anti-hero video. I never really thought of things as being perfect or imperfect. I -- They just exist, and they're perfect in the fact that they just exist. In the end, it's like, is it -- it's either interesting or not interesting. This is this one -- This one girl. I think she -- I think she's an actual person. She had her legs -- her legs were run over or something. I had been coming here for a couple years to write scripts, and I was always kind of, like, intrigued by -- by the culture here. And I just love the way that things look, and there's also, like, menace and beauty. It's kind of, like, palpable. It's all smacked up against each other. You know, you hear about actors doing sort of like method acting. Do you have to do...? Method writing. ...method writing? For me, 100%. Yeah. I-I've never understood when people could just, like, li-- write in their living room or something. You know, 'cause it's so comfortable. Like, how could you write violence in the same place, like, you tuck your daughter in? ** Have you ever been on a set with your dad while he was filming? Yes. Did you meet Selena Gomez? She knows Justin Bieber. I know. I've met Justin Bieber, too. You did? What's he like? He's... He's kind of mean. ** So, the movies between "Gummo" and -- and "Spring Breakers" would be, um... "Julien Donkey-Boy," "Mister Lonely," "Trash Humpers," and "Spring Breakers." That's what I love about him is that he's not stuck on genre. He's definitely like -- that's one thing that's really interesting about him as a director. He definitely has a vision. A Harmony movie is a Harmony movie, just because of the writing and the way he directs. But, like, he's all over the place in terms of genre. Like, "Spring Breakers" was conceived to be with famous social-media girls. Like, they're all like Disney stars. Selena, I want you to talk about this transition that you've been doing from being a former Disney star to a more adult role in this film. Well, whenever my series ended, I was -- I was really excited to start doing a couple of movies, and I thought that doing, um, the independent route would probably be best for me. And whenever Harmony mentioned my name and -- and I read the script, I think if there's anybody that I'm gonna take this risk on and doing the transition, it would be Harmony. Yeah, all right. We have a question down here. With that movie, I wanted to work with these girls specifically. That was part of the concept. And so, we went to Selena. Real quickly, we got back, "Yeah, she wants to audition for you. She wants to -- She'll fly down to Nashville." I was like, "Whoa, really?" At that point, she was probably like 18 or something. I was like -- I couldn't imagine her even knowing the movies. But what happened was, her mom is kind of like m-my age and my generation, and in growing up with the films that I had made, I guess, or had liked them. She grew up in Texas and so, she I guess told Selena about it. And her mom was like going gaggle over the fact that she was in the same room with Harmony, 'cause her favorite movie is "Gummo." And that's why Selena did it. Well, just, like, such a Harmony story, you know what I mean? Like, Selena Gomez's mom favorite movie is "Gummo." ** Is that a painting of a boat? Yeah, so these are all -- I call them ad-adult yachting or adult boating. You know, here in Miami, you see all these douchebags with boats, and it's kind of awesome. And, so then -- and I always, like, liked the titles of boats. And so, I just started painting boats. And then, coming up with funny titles, a lot of the titles are, like, just weird porn titles. So we have Anus and Andy, Missionary Impossible, Star Whores. And I like to imagine that, like, all these boats and boat owners are, like, hanging out together somewhere, in -- in the Keys probably, gang-banging. ** It seems like you roll between, like, extremely poor and then extremely wealthy. Is that something you like to play with? I mean, I-I guess, and not even, like, necessarily like a conscious thing. It's more, with people or things, it's more... I-I never really differentiated. It's more just, I like things that are just -- that pop out, that are just interesting and -- or character. So, if somebody -- like Albert is just such a crazy character. You know, you just want to, like, be around them all the time. It's the same thing with things. High culture, low culture -- it's really -- it means nothing anymore. Culture's up for grabs. I just kind of, like, go wherever I'm pulled. ** Albert's car is like an artwork. Yeah, my -- this gets me, - What is that? Is that seeds in the back seat? Those are seeds. You know, for tea. Th-There were some bugs in there, so I put it there to dry out. You're gonna drink that shit? No. It's dried out, bro. You know, I got my bachelor's in criminal justice, so these detectives would come to class, shared gruesome stories. People were chopped up, put in septic tanks. Extorted money, real estate, bank accounts, drug-induced them with horse tranquilizer and then take them out in a boat, out to the sharks. I mean, literally, they -- they'll throw a lot of blood and bait out there and then -- and then when the sharks start circling, they'll dump the bodies. Yeah. Tor-Torturous. Torturous. I mean, do we go back to skateboarding or...? ** Dude, Albert is unbelievable. He's, like, such a character -- Weirdly, like magical, strange, fascinating, and entertaining guy. I think the first time I saw him, he was passed out in his car, right? Though, wasn't it? Yeah, yeah. I tried to wake you up, but you were passed out in the car. I mean, I had surfed all day long. Who knows? Maybe, too many Mickeys. I don't know, bro. Too -- I don't know. I caught him -- caught him a couple times. And he's probably, would you say, the first skateboarder -- one or two skateboarders in Miami? South Florida, yes. You know, when I was a little boy in New York, I remember grabbing a milk box and putting four metal wheels on it from a roller skate, and with -- with -- with handle bars and just pushing up and down the block. I was like 7, 8, 9 years old. That was the -- I mean, I got -- I got hooked. He can, like, clean a dog's teeth with his fingernails. You know, the way you would pay for a dentist to get the plaque off a dog's teeth? He can do it with his fingernail, the exact -- No, but I know -- I also have a special, tool from some dentist. Yeah, whatever, but you -- a-admit, you're -- I mean -- You know, a-a dog will not tell you that his teeth hurt or his canine hurt. ** What did you think about Harmony when he moved in? Harmony's a great guy, he's a great neighbor, he's been a blessing, and, and then -- and then, when I -- when -- when I heard he was a skateboarder, I-I felt there was a resonance there. I always think of skateboarding as one of those things that -- it kind of changes the way that you think about the world. All of a sudden, you're driving down the street and everything is a ditch, everything is a curb. That's why I think I-I've shot so many movies in back alleys and parking lots or sidewalks with little curbs and manual spots. I just always love that. And also, you start looking at things different. You start, like, trying to find places that are hidden. You want to go... Yeah, yeah, yeah. ** He's still that kid who walked into my gallery and said, "Let's put a midget in a cage." His mind still thinks that way. He's still, like, a provocateur in that way. That's just the way he'll always gonna be. ** I always felt like with the artwork, ever since I was young, there was no hierarchy. That it was all just part of a unified aesthetic. It all came from the same place. The scraps of paper and the zines and the writings were the same thing as the paintings, as the movies. Why castigate these creatures whose angelic features are bumping and grinding on the trash? Bing, bang, booty. It all came from the same place. It spoke to the same ideas. And -- And I liked that there was never any real di-division to anything. It's tricky for anybody so young to be given this kind of freedom to do whatever the fuck they want. He is the success story and really took a very strange path to get to where he's at. I feel like I just go to where the action is, and... I... I'm sick like that. ** Yo, Harm! That's my -- That's the guy I get the Cuban stogies from. Hector. Really? Yeah. ** No, Dad. That's my board. No! Aah! Aah! ** Geez. That wasn't nice. Damn, y'all kilted this shit. Hot for this shit. It's too hot for TV. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 