Epicly Later'd: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Epicly Later'd 
 s1e1 - Bam Margera - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Epicly Later'd (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Bam Margera - full transcript 
 Bam Margera, legendary pro skater and star of Jackass, struggles to overcome substance abuse and the loss of his best friend as he works to make a return to skateboarding. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ Rustling ] [ Clattering ] Bam: Should we give it a go? Winkle: Ready whenever you are. [ Metal clangs ] [ Glass clatters ] Fuckin' pretty full of glass, B. Welcome back to the skateboarding business. ** First and foremost, he was a really solid skater. He would kill it at every situation. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Novak: He was the kind of fellow on a skateboard that, if he believed it, he could see it. Saari: He would skate transition. He'd skate ledges. He'd skate switch. You know, it's like, one thing, it'd be, like, something more technical, and then he'd just go full blast on some crazy sculpture or whatever. He's just balls to the wall. He would drop in on everything. It just went bigger and bigger. [ Whistle blows, women scream ] Evans: There's all these crazy skateboarding tricks that Bam would film, but then also, all this just chaos. [ Tires screech ] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [ Laughter ] Templeton: It's kind of amazing to see some of the early stuff that ended up becoming a hit TV show. Tremaine: You get to vicariously beat up your dad through Bam and this loving mom in this funny, chaotic world, but Bam was starting to get a little off the deep end. Phil: After the show left, he just thought it still should be a show, and nothing was happening. He got bored. He got crazy. Drinking and drugs was definitely a bit of a problem. Thomas: He got to a point where he floated away, I think, and just became the dick he was pretending to be. That level of fame is not -- it's not healthy. Hawk: You know, at some point, it just got to be that the chaos was louder than the product. [ Crowd chanting "CKY" ] Man: Oh, my God. Bad. Bad. And we try to hide it all. "Hey, how's Bam?" Great. Phil: That was perfect. ** ** ** [ Siren wailing in distance ] What's up? Welcome back to "Epicly Later'd." We're here in Barcelona to film with Bam Margera. A lot of people, when they think of Bam, they think of "Jackass" and "Viva La Bam" and all his, like, MTV celebrity. [ Crowd cheering ] But I always think of him as an amazing pro skater. Whoo! I think of the Eastern Exposure video. I think of Toy Machines, "Jump Off a Building," all his years on Element skateboards. But you know, after that, he got into MTV. Kind of really got sucked into, like, a rock star kind of lifestyle. Practically quit skating and just became a full-blown celebrity. But once "Viva La Bam" ended and one of his best friends, Ryan Dunn, passed away from a drunk driving accident, it really sent Bam into a dark space. And now, suddenly, we hope, it seems like he's coming out of his mourning period. Trying to get my skate on today. [ Laughs ] [ Doorbell dings ] Hola. I'm looking for Bam. Good. How are you? Whoever that was said they knew me, so... I don't know who it was. Winkle: Hello. Hey. What's up? Hi, Patrick. Winkle? Yeah. I'm Patrick. Top of the morning. Morning. Good to see you. What up? How's it going? What up? This is your house? Yeah. So, we're, uh -- we're staying right here at the moment. It's really hard fucking, but it reminds me of, like, a tour bus bunk which I sleep really good in, so there's some goods and bads to this. What was your plan to come here? Like, why'd you come here? Because, um, I figured... See, I haven't skated in, like, a long time. And I figured if I was gonna relearn, it would be here. [ Clears throat ] And it took a long fucking time to get the muscle memory back. Like, I couldn't even, like, axle stall on a -- on a half-pipe for, like -- It took like five days to even get that dialed. Honestly, like, if you want to say street skating, nearly a decade I haven't skated. I went and saw a doctor, and he was like, "Your legs and body are so dehydrated from alcohol that they're, like, dry-rotted rubber bands. And if you think that you're gonna skate again, I'd be careful because it -- it could snap just like that." That really fucked my head up bad because I'm like, "How am I gonna skate again?" Well, about a year ago, um, Bam asked me if I would drive him to the airport, he and Nikki. But on the way to the airport, he says, "You know what? I just -- I'm just sick of this shit." I can't even explain how many people I had nothing in common with except drinking. And I didn't realize, if we take away these drinks, we're gonna all look at each other and say, "What the fuck are we doing?" [ Laughs ] These are not people who we should be around because these people want to, like, "Hey, Bam, let's go out to the bar." Knowing that Bam will pay. So he just decided that he was just gonna bail on the situation, period. Winkle: I didn't get no phone calls. I haven't heard from him. He hasn't wrote me or anything. He just showed up at my door, like, "Let's go skating. Knock, I'm here." Yeah, it's been really good. You've been out here for how long? Oh, God. Uh... Well, in Barcelona how long? Yeah. Four months? Four months. Wow. Four months, yeah. But, no, we've been in Europe for like eight months now. Wow. He just came out here to get healthy. That one's rad. He just said it the other day before you guys got here. He's like, "So, like, the booze don't help me out, the people back at home don't help me out. The only thing that keeps me good is on the fucking skateboard." And I'm just like, "Stay there." This is basically a normal, everyday routine right here. By the way, a year ago, I could almost not even see my own dick. It was that big -- and my dick's not so big, so... But it was still like that. I was like, "Something has to be done." In the Toy Machine days and when I had to go do an Element demo, like, I was stoked to show up. And I was stoked to slap kids' fives because I knew I was gonna fucking rip the park. Now it's like, I don't want anybody to see me. I need somebody to skate with, but I don't want people to watch me suck. Fail hill. You gotta taste it before you roll away from it, right? Yeah. [ Grunts ] [ Panting ] Yeah! [ Laughter ] Fuck! [ Laughs ] I don't know what you want to call that one. Winkle: Perfection's hard to achieve, my friend. [ Laughs ] When you are a skater and you know what you can do, you carry that around in your heart. And if you can't do it, it hurts you. He knows how good of a skater he is. He knows what he can do. Fuck! Oh! [ Panting ] O'Dell: What's it been like trying to get tricks for a video? Um, that's the place that I wanted to, um -- I don't know. I'm not -- I'm just kind of just filming, you know? And if -- I'm just -- just learning all my tricks again. Man: Oh! [ Laughs ] Board smash. Yeah, my fat ass, I broke two boards. [ Chuckles ] April visited Bam in Spain this year in March. He was on a sober kick trying to get sober, but she said he started to have a -- just wine with dinner, maybe two. I said, "Ap, it's not a good sign that he's doing that." And she says, "No, he's fine in Spain, he's fine in Spain." And then, uh, like, a couple weeks later, he started drinking until he was crazy. So, he still hasn't conquered drinking, but he's trying. All right. This is what's scaring me about Bam right now. When he had his comeback, they put that line out in that interview. Yeah! Fuck yeah! But I know Bam, and I know the issues that he's battling right now. And I know that he's doing much better than he was, but he's not cured by any means. I know he's on that fine line. All right. Okay, thanks, buddy. Yeah, yeah. Novak: Bam's kind of like how I was in the beginning. He does want to get sober and stay sober, but he's not willing to do the certain things that it takes to get to where he's trying to get to. [ Guitar playing ] * I'm all that and a bag of chips * * I can't rap [ Laughs ] [ Doorbell ringing ] What up? After a year in Europe, I'm back. We're at Ap and Phil's house in Thornton, Pennsylvania. [ Laughs ] Hi! How are you? O'Dell: Good. How's it going? I know, the kid's back. [ Laughs ] He's been gone for a year. Where's Phil's Elvis mug? Well, I put it in the dishwasher. You want the Christmas Elvis? April: You want a cappuccino? Yeah, that sounds right today. That'll work. He was like that kid that would jump from couch to couch really, like, flying through the air. You know what I mean? My father-in-law, he started calling Bam Bam-Bam. I mean, he kind of looked like him 'cause he was very square-shouldered, you know, with the curly hair. And, you know, I think for a while, he was dragging a bat around. ** Bam's whole life, skating or otherwise, has been, like, filmed. Phil was shooting video the whole time. But you're gorgeous, though. Stop. Oh, yeah, the, uh, VHS, a big one, got heavy after a while. I'm filming. Yeah, I would, uh, 24 hours a day, just take 'em wherever they wanted to go. Bam: It didn't matter what I was doing. The minute we got there, he was already filming with this VHS camera, you know? He filmed everything, bails and all, and then we'd get home and just watch it all. Phil: Love Park, took him there all the time. There's a place called the Dustbowl in King of Prussia, took him to that a lot. And then as skate parks opened up, we went to all the skate parks. April: He would take him to a drainage ditch and make a picnic day out of it. So, I mean, he was just, like, the greatest dad. Oh, I enjoyed it. I, uh... I was a huge baseball, football, you know, the regular sports fan. From the time they skated until they could drive themselves, I didn't even know who was playing in the Super Bowl. I didn't know what the Pirates were doing, I didn't know. It was 24 hours a day skateboarding. It looks big enough, believe me. No, sit down. I want to make it look bigger. Boy: Do it! Man, I'm scared. Just do it! O'Connor: You'd go to their house, and they were the most hospitable people in the world. They let their kids do everything, but then their kids were so loving towards their parents and everything like that. Like, for me who is not like this with my family at all, they were always hugging and kissing one another and stuff. I'm like, "Whoa, what the... Weird. Like, you, like, kiss your dad and stuff?" Uh, yeah, me and my dad would never do that. Just like a firm handshake. Like, "All right, see you later." Aah! April: He always seemed like a really busy kid to me. Like, you know, I was just one of those moms. It's like, "Look, you're not a kid forever. Go out, be busy." I'm not gonna kind of, like, bore my kids with a ton of chores. Like, my parents didn't do that to me, either. They're like, "Go be kids." But maybe I should have because maybe he would do a little more for himself. ** Phil: Jess, you try one. All right, well, do something. I'll film you. April: You know, Jesse was a great skater, too, but it was just, like, it seemed like nobody could kind of keep up with Bam. And Bam, even though he was the youngest of the group, he was definitely the boss. Aah! Say it! Say it! [ Yells ] Bossing everybody, "Do it again!" Who says that, you know, when you're 10? [ Groans ] [ Laughs ] I won, I won. Raab: He had this thing called Team X, which was like this little group of guys that skated. Bam: Team X search for fast wheels, part two. Yeah. We were just, like, messing with each other and, you know, filming the skating stuff but also filming, like, us kind of doing stupid little skits. Yeah, Bam! Phil: Bam at 10 years old started being pretty noticeable. He's tied, if you don't know. Me and Bucky would go up to the skate park called Cheapskates. All of a sudden, we saw this kid popping humongous ollies and just had all this energy. I'm like, "Oh, fuck, I've just met my match, and, like, this isn't good." Me and Bam became, like, inseparable at that point on because we made each other want to excel, and we were really, uh, consistent, too. We were good contest skaters. One year, Bam did better than Novak, then the next year, Novak did better than Bam, and then Bam did better. So a little bit of love/hate there. ** He had like 25, 30 friends in the area, and he'd invite 'em all to watch the skate videos, and only a dozen of 'em would be interested because it was pure skateboarding. The other 13 would roam off and walk off. April: He started taking the daily skate footage, and then he would kind of edit it down. He would do like four skate tricks and then put the funny stuff in, and everybody, like, loved that. Phil: So now, all 25 kids would stay and watch because there'd be 5 minutes of skating, 3 minutes of funny stuff, and then 2 minutes of skating, 5 minutes of funny stuff. [ Grunts ] What up? How's it going? Good to see you. Yeah, you, too. How you been? Good. Good. I was gonna put a board together, but I just found one. I thought it was stolen, and nobody stole it. [ Laughs ] First sponsor was Fairman's. I was about 13. This would be our meeting point whenever we'd go skating. It's just all the, um, people who used to ride for -- Oh, yeah, there's me doing the one foot at the, uh, Turks Head Festival. ** Well, when we rode for 'em, I think we were allowed, like, two skate decks a month. And then maybe some wheels. I was always skating with Mike Moldonado, and Mike Moldonado got sponsored by Toy Machine, so he was flying out to Huntington Beach to stay with Ed Templeton. Kerry Getz and I came along with. Getz: You know, he was just always, like, see something in a video or see a spot or hear about a spot, and he's like, "We gotta go to that spot. We gotta go to that spot." So his motivation level was beyond most people's. That's what really kind of made Sessions happen. Steamer: We were all the ants -- me, Mike, Bam, and Kerry. Me and Moldonado smoked a lot of pot, and Bam was, like, young and didn't. And he was just, like, discovering women and stuff like that. Bam was focused and ambitious. I knew early on that he was gonna succeed because he was super tenacious with everything. If he had an idea, like, "I want a skit in the Time Machine video," there was no way I'm saying no. Thomas: They were just having fun making skits. They just loved creating it and loved making it, and then it started working its way into his video parts. And then after that, he got so much positive feedback and it was so fun, he just kind of went full bore into that. ** Bam: Psst. I'm trying to find the cat. [ Hissing ] April: Saw the grandkids. He was really afraid to hold the baby. Even though she's 1. Even -- I don't do well with it. Huh? I don't do well with it. Well, you better get used to it real quick 'cause do you want to tell them your news? You tell them the news. Huh? You tell 'em the news. No, don't leave. You tell them the news. No. You didn't tell 'em in Spain? You never said -- No, you're saying it. I didn't know until they left. Oh. You found out -- He found out. So do you want to say what's new? Okay. You say it. No. I want to hear you say it. Nikki's pregnant. So you better get used to holding babies. So, guess who's being a dad? [ Chuckles ] Shh. [ Laughter ] What the...?! Bam, you are always over the line. That's what I have to do. Bam: Oh, God! What's this I see? A young lad being beaten? [ Grunts ] Bam: I had these neighborhood friends that wanted to be on film, and, you know, obviously, they couldn't skate very well, so they would just want to be in whatever we were working on. Jumping off of a roof into a bush or getting into a shopping cart and getting pushed into a curb was, like, "I'll do whatever it takes. I just want to be in this video." I'm like, "It's hilarious. I's not a skate trick, but, fuck, it's hilarious." April: He decided to, like, film these funny things. And what he would film I thought was, like, sheer genius. Like, I'm thinking to myself, "Oh, my God, that's so funny." [ Farts ] [ Goat bleats ] To me, that was, like, the beginnings of what the CKY videos were. "Man, we're gonna film stuff, and I want to, like, impress, you know, Ryan, or I want to impress Brandon or Bam" or, like, whatever one did, you tried to one-up it. [ Yelling ] ** Bam: That became CKY Land Speed, which was just a mixture of skateboarding and dumb stunts and skits. ** [ Laughter ] Thomas: It was, like, stuff that you wanted to do but you never really went to that extreme. Bam was kind of doing it for you. Slap fits on his dad. Stop, Bam, I'm on the phone. They rented a car and annihilated it. Oh, no, it's just an AM/FM radio. [ Tires squeal ] Tremaine: Thank God for Bam's drive and his ability to just, "Let's -- Let's go make this." You know, you look at all those CKY videos, and he's like, "This is my world." [ Laughs ] [ Train horn blows ] And he cut it like the way that we thought, you know, like, this, like, ADD kind of mind. It was like the beginning of that stage where everyone's just like, "Give me the information right now." [ Tires squeal ] I went to Spike and Johnny Knoxville, and I said, "Hey, let's partner up and make a TV Show." Bam: I got a call from Jeff Tremaine. I drove over to his house, and that's where I met Johnny Knoxville. And we watched "CKY2K" together. Tremaine said, "Do you mind if I use some of these clips for a pilot that I want to do called 'Jackass' on MTV?" And I said, "Hell, yeah, go for it." [ Farts ] Ow! What the fuck was that? I make the scissor wheel, and we go out and sell it, but I still don't even know what it is that we just sold. I think one of the first things we filmed was, like, the BMX joust, where he just had this loose idea, and we went straight to the hardware store and just started rigging BMX bikes. Man: Sir Bravealot has committed treason. He has entered my den like he has entered my ass, and this is not permitted. I was just hanging out back there eating a meat pie, and the next thing you know, some guy's freaking out about nothing. Every day, we would just brainstorm on what can we film. And it would be like, "Well, what's something somebody's never seen?" Ryan Dunn about to do some skiing up here in the Pennsylvania mountains and try not to die. Aah! **** Ryan Dunn would always be the one to step up to the plate. I'm Ryan Dunn, and this is poo diving. Bam: Oh, dude. You know, all right, here we are at this location. Who's gonna do this crazy thing? "I'll do it!" In comedy, there's no room for vanity. You gotta show a little skin if you want to make it. [ Laughs ] Bam: We would just drive around in the car like, "What can we jump off of? Who could we fuck with?" Raab: We were just turning out tons of craziness. We actually filmed "CKY3" while we were filming "Jackass." Some of the stuff was a little too gnarly to put on television. Like, no spreadable butt cheeks on MTV, and so I took 18 Ex-Lax and did the George Carlin thing where I shit running full speed. * Ooh, yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah * We were in a void, you know? We weren't out in the real world. We would just film this stuff, and I thought what we were getting is funny, but I didn't think everyone would think it was funny, you know? Right away, it just took off. Bam: In high school, it was, like, the flick of a light switch. Like, "Oh, there's that loser skater kid Bam," to, all of a sudden, "Oh, my God, I just saw 'Jackass.' You want to come to this party tonight?" [ All cheering ] Tremaine: MTV was going crazy. We were getting calls like, "Oh, my God, ratings are blah, blah, blah." You know, like... Bam: That's when they did the spin-off to do "Viva La Bam," which was me and the CKY guys back in Pennsylvania. The plot of "Viva La Bam" was wake up and see what kind of pranks I could pull on my mom and dad. It was just nonstop work. Are you kidding me?! Look, you've destroyed the whole house! We're just joking! I became so busy with filming with MTV. There was, like, tours that I was skipping with Element. There was, like, autograph signings I was missing. Driving an hour to Philly to go skate just slowly had -- it slowly faded. [ Explosion ] We were moving nonstop. Like, we were going, going, going. Just the pressure, like, having to pull it off, pull it off. You know -- It was 45 episodes, nonstop. It was. Without, like, one day off, so finally after, like, filming for, like, what, two to three years straight, nonstop, I'm like, "I can't take it, I just need a break." Right. So I get a break -- [ Telephone ringing ] Hang that up. Two weeks of break, and I'm already ready to go back. When I -- Who is it? Phil, hang it up. Phil: I'm trying to figure this phone out. Hang it up. Where's the End button? He's so annoying. I'm so sorry. Is that it? I'm gonna punch you. Oh, Lord. What the hell am I doing? Come on, Phil. Are you joking? [ Dial tone ] April: At a point when he was 21, he had more money and more power and more clout in Hollywood. He was like a hot commodity. There was a couple of ways he could have gone. Yo, Bam here gonna show you how new Right Guard Extreme Power Stripe works. Hawk: Bam grew up in the sense that you can be a star if you're a pro skater. Medic! If I get good at it, I can make money, and I can have celebrity. And then when it came, it came in droves. It came so far that it was, like, overwhelming, and he couldn't go anywhere. [ Crowd cheering ] [ Siren wails ] [ Crowd cheering ] In May 2000, I went to Helsinki, Finland, for a skate contest. There was this rock band called Him, and they were, like, blowing up big time. I wound up buying the album, and I liked it so much. When you open the album, it had this emblem, which was like a heart and a star together. It was called the heartogram. He starts tattooing the heartogram, drawing it on everything. It became Bam's symbol, but it was this Finnish rock band's, and it became this blurry line where he was the biggest fan, but he was bigger than the band. Bam: I made this movie called "Haggard." Every song was Him's new album called Deep Shadows and Brilliant Highlights. Saari: I think he fully did the stalking thing -- letters, e-mails, have people call. He just basically just forced his way to the backstage and became friends with them, you know, which is pretty rad. * The truth that gets themselves fooled * His fascination with that band is beyond me. I mean, we have all have different tastes. It's fine, but not my cup of tea. Evans: There was that initial take-off of MTV, CKY, people that don't know skateboarding but they know who Bam is, and that just started spiraling into this beast. [ All cheering ] Bam: A lot of, like, high-school chicks would show up with their purple Bam heartogram shirts. It was just like Tony Hawk syndrome. People would be like, "Oh, you skate? Do you know Bam?" Tremaine: Bam was selling more boards than anybody, and yet, it wasn't because of his skateboarding. It was because of his face on TV. Thomas: I think once the heartogram went crazy, the skate population kind of were like, "Okay, this is way too big for us." We're gonna focus on somebody else." ** You know, when you're on camera a lot, people have a lot to say. He always wanted to have this very slim, slim look, and a lot of it kind of happened when he became good friends with Ville Valo. I remember when me and Ville Valo were out in London, and, uh, he woke up at noon, opened up the minibar, and cracked open a beer. That was the first time I was introduced to day drinking. [ Laughs ] [ Laughs ] At 10:00 in the morning? River of brewskis? Ville drank a lot. Like, he drank a lot. I mean, he's the loveliest man ever, but he never ate. He just drank. And so I think Bam started, like, sipping on a beer or sipping on a something because he liked the way he looked. I didn't start, like, officially drinking until maybe 24 or 25. And then the rock star life and drinking just spun out of control. We would go out to dinner, and then he would immediately excuse himself and go to the bathroom. And I said, "Are you throwing up?" And he says, "Yeah, yeah, like, um, sometimes I throw up, and, um, that way, like, I'm not gonna get, like, fat." He saw me get fat, Vito got fat. My brother Kevin's not fat, my other brother's not fat, but it was a 50/50 thing. If you're a Margera, you get fat, or you stay normal. April: You know, it really hurts me when people make comments like, "You know, you looked like you gained some weight there." "Hey, wow, Bam, you look like you're looking like your dad." I don't respond, but I feel like saying, "He was drinking alcohol, and he was bulimic, and that's why he was thin." [ Beeping ] Well, it looks like the show left town. [ Laughs ] Right now, we're at Castle Bam. Who's that? April: Who is that? Oh, my God. Who is that? I don't know. We're -- we're filming. You need to go. I have told him 24 times to get his shit out of here and don't ever come on this property. Bam traveled so much, a friend would call him, he'd say, "Yeah, you can go in," give that person the gate code, and then, uh, they would tell five friends. Bam: You didn't have to be invited. People would come over with, like, six packs and kegs, and every time I was doing something productive, it would always just turn into a drinking party. During the height of it, I bought a house, and then from there on, whatever any other dollars I was gonna make, I was just gonna put towards a new sports car. At one point, so much money was flowing in that I didn't know what the fuck to do with any of it. [ Tires squeal ] There's some saying, like, the age you become famous is, like, the age you stay at forever. And no one's gonna call you out, you know? Like, there's no one telling you no. April: Most kids that age, you know, it's usually you giving them the checks, but he had money coming in. Yeah, my brother and I, Vince, was his accountant mainly. And my brother had the nerve to scream at him, and I never had the nerve to scream at Bam. April: We listened to him because it's his money, number one, and number two, he seems to know what people want to see, so I'm just gonna shut up. Novak: Bam's house at that time during those really dark years was very depressing 'cause you see this really big, beautiful spread on the countryside, and then you get into the house, and you can just see, like, a lot of pain. Where the fuck is it?! Like, people trying to navigate their way through a really dark time. And there's power in numbers, so the more people that were like that, the more that we all added drugs and alcohol to the recipe. And the only time there was, like, a point of, like, "Oh, shit" is when we ran out of cocaine. You know what I mean? So we'd just call more, and then they would bring their buddies. And their buddies would bring their buddies. And then before you know it, it's just like, "Dude, who are these people?" ** Bam: There's not really anything to show. It's an amusement park that closed down, and now I'm stuck here looking at it. You know, I remember I just said, like, "I can't fucking do this anymore. Like, if I had a wish, it would just be for, like, everyone to just go fuck off." And then when that happened, I find myself like three weeks into this, and I have an empty house. I'm like, "All right, I want everybody back, and I want to continue this shit." My real friends left, and now my new friends are just drinking buddies from town. Raab: It's sad in a sense because I always used to think we were unique, and then we just became this total cliché story of small-town kids got recognition from television, started doing this whole little Hollywood thing. And then, all of a sudden, we're just all on drugs and drinking and partying and doing all that stuff. It's just a sad little story. And then, I'll be honest, man. When -- When -- When Ryan died, uh, that was just incredibly difficult. Um, it still is. Police are investigating the cause of a fiery car crash that killed two people, including Ryan Dunn, one of the stars of the once-popular MTV show "Jackass." Reporter: Police say Ryan was behind the wheel of his Porsche and, according to published reports, may have been driving over 100 miles per hour. His car lost control, smashed the guard rail, and burst into flames. [ Laughter ] April: Ryan was just a -- a grandstander. He was a showoff. He wanted to always, like, just do 100 miles per hour. Do you have any Grey Poupon? Man: Sorry, bro! You don't have any? Fuck! [ Engine revs, tires squeal ] April: I always said to Ryan, "Dude, you're gonna die in a car crash if you don't slow down. You drive like a freakin' maniac." He said, "You forgot one thing, Ap -- fiery. Fiery car crash." Bam: Well, I was in Phoenix, Arizona, when I got the news. It was literally the longest flight ever, like, just knowing that I had to get home as soon as possible. I-I never pictured what I would do if that happened. It just wasn't an option. Nikki: You know, any time that Bam might be going through anything, he always had Ryan Dunn right there, and he was his best friend, a brother figure. It definitely triggered the alcohol more, once Ryan passed away. Bam: Whenever we'd film anything, it would always be me and Dunn brainstorming about how to be funny. And now I don't have that anymore? What am I gonna do? Crack open a drink. I think, going forward, Bam didn't want to do any projects, because every time he thought he'd get back to work, he's like, "Yeah, dude. I'm gonna -- You know what I'll do? I'll go ahead and shoot this funny show, and then I'll call Dunn and -- Oh. I guess I won't call Dunn." Phil: It hit him as hard as a brother dying, in my opinion. That really shook him up. It -- It -- It set him back a couple years, I think. Tremaine: Look, when Ryan passed, it was shocking to all of us, you know? Like, Bam was already in a bad spot, and for that to happen when it did, it just sunk him. Bam: Should we show 'em the dungeon? April: Yeah, keep in mind, the dungeon, uh, holds a whole lot of stuff from the old house in piles. Oh, and here's the thousands of skate decks. Oh, my God, and there's more in the garage. Yeah. This is where I would edit for weeks and weeks. We were getting worried about you 'cause you never came out. [ Laughs ] [ Light switch clicks ] Um, the movie about Andy McCoy from Hanoi Rocks and, uh, also my movie. But I've been working on it for like four years that I -- I've had enough. My best friend, Ryan Dunn, died in a car accident two years ago. He's dead and gone. [ Thunder rumbles ] And it was, like, driving me bonkers, it really was. Just 'cause there was so much footage. It was 11 terabytes of footage that I had to go through. If you hit play on 11 terabytes and just let it play that I had to watch, it's like four months worth of footage. I know. It's, like, more than fuckin' "Avatar." [ Both laugh ] He's been through quite a cathartic time that's not just the skateboard or the "Jackass" guy. It's his own personal loss of a dear friend. I think he was so obsessed with that movie and editing it that he would, like, be in the basement for literally weeks at a time in a dark hole, sipping on alcohol, trying to, like, edit this thing. And I'm like, "It's time to just walk away." Who the fuck can -- can put four months of footage into two hours? It's impossible. There's too much stuff that you don't even need to put in there. Like, there's stuff you need to take out that you think is important that isn't important. Well, none of it's important right now. And there's stuff that's important that you need to leave in. Jonze: He was, like, couldn't figure out how to end the documentary. He's like, "I don't know how to end the documentary." And I was trying to tell him to stop editing the documentary and to put it away because, "I think the reason you're having trouble is you don't know what to do with your life right now. And that's -- that's natural. You were going since you were 14 years old making this shit. And, like, you know, figure out what to do with your life, and that'll tell you what to do with this documentary." Yeah. He's -- he's actually living his ending. That's what you're doing, you're living your ending. Yeah, maybe. I think Bam has accepted the fact that alcohol is an issue. He's trying to fix an internal dilemma with an external solution. And thank God that he's doing that and he's buying new homes and he's buying new cars and he's going to Spain. Because what happens is, once you do all those things, you realize, like, they don't work. I don't like looking at myself. I don't like what I've become. I can't skate anymore, and I need to do something about it. What's up, Dooli? What's up sweetheart? Bro, why weren't you at the rager last night? What rager? Maybe 'cause you didn't call me up and invite me. Watch your mouth, sweetheart. Bam: Novak and I grew up skating together, and he was sponsored by Powell Peralta, and he would always skate with Bucky and show up skating Cheapskates, then he got into heroin at the age of 15. Novak: Me being a recovering alcoholic, like, I have a really delusional way of thinking. In -- In my mind, what my disease told me is that the skateboarding world needs me, it cannot go on without me, I am an asset. And in reality, it did not need me. It went on quite fine without me, and I was a liability. Do it. Oh, Jesus! Oh, Jesus! [ Laughing ] Are you -- You're all -- You're all cut up. Yeah. Yo, see what happens when you're broke? You'll do anything for 100 bucks. God damn, my life sucks. When I was around and I was going on tour with him and I was everywhere that he went, it was very easy for Bam to deflect his issues because they would all point a finger and say, "I'm not as bad as Novak." Okay, so you said it's the 19th through the -- Man: The 9th through the 15th. Fuck. Bam: Now he's 2 1/2 years sober, and he's doing speeches about heroin addiction. He -- He cleaned up his act, which I never thought was possible. Right on, well, thank you for getting back to me, man. I appreciate that. April: He is doing so well that I think that Bam is extremely happy for his friend, extremely proud of his friend, and extremely jealous of his friend. O'Dell: Did he talk to you about your drinking in order to help try to get you sober? Um, I mean, it was always a -- He -- He -- No, I don't know. [ Laughs ] ** ** The only reason why I was drinking so much is because I didn't have anything to do. Right now, learning how to skate again is something to do, and I can't do that while drinking. ** Tell the camera the plan. The plan is this. His name is Wall Man. The leader of the squad is Wall Man. Wall Man is the leader of the squad. I don't give a fuck about shopping carts, but Bam the skateboarder was the dude that most of us fell in love with. He skated street, but the dude ripped transition. ** Getz: His FDR days, they definitely intimidated me. He'd go up that Indian wall like 10 foot of vert. Burnett: Skateboarding is about goofing around and having fun with your friends, and Bam carried that message to the broadest audience. Raab: I'd love to see him back on a skateboard and trying to kind of find that answer as to what's next. Tremaine: If he's got something to accomplish, then that's going to consume him, and he's all-in on that. He's got this complete different glow about him. He just wants to get back to his roots again. Not saying the rest of 'em ain't good. Can't nobody touch this. All of 'em is good, but him, I think he's the best out the bunch. Hawk: The most difficult thing in success is to have it taken away. I think that he's come through the fire, and I think he's still getting better. There's ups and downs. You know, you ride the ride. Enjoy the ride. It's a 15-minute ride. I want my son to come out the other end the person that he went in. Novak: I think he realizes the severity of the situation that he's in right now. And he has a really good shot. He does. And he might be one of those people that can do it without doing the things that I do to stay sober. He might be. Anything is subject to change because I've seen it in my life. ** Yeah! [ Laughs ] Check this out. [ Cheering ] ** Aah! Whoo-hoo! Ow! Whee! Oh! [ Laughs ] [ Laughs ] [ Groans ] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 