Epicly Later'd: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Epicly Later'd 
 s1e2 - Heath Kirchart - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Epicly Later'd (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Heath Kirchart - full transcript 
 Legend Heath Kirchart, walked away from skating at the height of his career. He's gone from pushing his physical limits on a board to a new life of death-defying travel missions. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ Groans ] [ Groans ] [ Winces ] [ Laughing ] - Oh, my God. That scream afterwards. - Sick. - So, nine lives. Got some footage. Not much to show for it but a fucking bloody asshole. Reynolds: He's got a thing about him. It's, like, everything is suffering. Beagle: He always wanted to do tricks he knew he couldn't do, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and he wanted to prove himself that he could do it. ** If he wasn't on top, then he was gonna retire. Regan: He's this amazing skateboarder that's celebrated by skateboarding and by all skaters. He's a legend. But he's just such a private personality. Saari: He was operating at the highest possible level at all times until, one day, it was just like, "I'm done." ** Woman: God damn it. Give me my phone. What's up? Welcome back to "Epicly Later'd." We flew down to Mexico to catch up with Heath Kirchart. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He's rowing down the entire Sea of Cortez, maybe 600 miles. Heath was an amazing pro skater, and suddenly, kind of almost out of nowhere to fans, he just retired, quit skating, and since then, he's gone on all these adventures, bicycling across the country, climbing El Capitan, rafting down the Colorado River. We came down to film Heath Kirchart have an adventure, and we've found ourself in our own adventure. We saw him about half a mile ahead of us, and suddenly, the boat, smoke started coming out of the engine and the engine died. Heath told me that always the most exciting thing is, if the trip goes smoothly, then it's not that adventurous, so... Where your school is... ...we're having our own adventure right here... - ...past the school. - ...just trying to find him... They keep coming on... ...so I hope you enjoy the episode. It's a big boat. They have to see us. We are near shore. I'm gonna have to take a shit. You guys aren't gonna want to film that, are you? I haven't been doing much, bartending and traveling. You know, I kind of, like, invite people on these trips, knowing that they won't go, take two months off, and I was just kind of getting bored, and I think I just went out drinking with Boosh one night, and I was just kind of like, "I'm gonna go down the Sea of Cortez side of Baja. Do you want to go?" No one ever asks people to do that, really, so you can't really say, like, no. Yeah. The first week, I was definitely thinking about going home... Fucking shit. ...because he hadn't really prepped much as, like, where we're staying or, like, beaches or everything. I was like, "These look like fucking rocks," like, do that, and then he's like, "Yeah. Maybe." He's like, "We'll be rowing at night, I'm sure." Like, "You haven't mentioned any of this until we're, like, in Mexico." Then he starts dropping all of these things. I was like, "You don't know what we're doing." He was like, "Yeah. But you know that." He's like, "I, you know, like, fly by the seat of my pants." I'm like, "Thanks. That's fucking -- That's fucking sick." Kirchart: No. I just make it up as I go. I mean, I've never had to filet my own fish. First fish we caught, we didn't know what to do with it, and we're just like, "Oh, well. It'll just, like, suffocate in 5 minutes or something," because we didn't, like, have, like, we didn't have, like, the will in us to just fucking, like, stab a live thing. We were just like, "Well, it's better just to let it suffocate." Turns out, like, it takes like an hour for a fish to suffocate. That's the best one, man, that we've had so far. It's a little raw, but not bad. Burtch: That is a tasty fish. The whole time I was skating, like, it was a challenge the entire time, and so going on these trips, it's, like, kind of like a challenge again, of like, you know, just figuring out. There's a lot of problems that arise that you just have to figure out, and physically it's challenging, just to kind of, like, get through them. I just want to make, like, a '60s-style home movie, but I don't know what I'm doing with it, so we'll see what comes out. Romero: He's like a Bob Dylan, where it's just, like, anything he does, like, people will like just because it's him doing it, you know what I mean? Everyone in skateboarding is, like, a fan of Heath Kirchart, no matter who you are. [ Indistinct conversation ] Man: God, it would be so rad if he did it. ** Dude. It's impossible. You can't do that. Kirchart: I mean, when I first got into skating, I think, you're talking like, entry-level, it was the Bones Brigade. Like, the Bones Brigade, the "Pow!!" videos and Tony Hawk because, you know, you're just a little kid, and you want the big name, the biggest one in the world. That's who I like. I like Michael Jordan, I like Tony Hawk, and that's just how it is. Heath Kirchart sent Birdhouse a small semi tape when we first started in 1992. My work's over with. Hawk: He was a little kid with gigantic pants. Kirchart: I was 14 at the time, and Tony Hawk comes and picks me at my house, and he's like, "All right, where are we gonna go skate?" And I'm just like, "I don't know. I always skate in back of this church." And it's just me and Tony Hawk skating in back of this church. I, like, didn't know how to skate. I was like, "Do I try to impress him? Do I try, like, my hardest tricks that I don't think I can make, or do I just act like I'm cruising?" Like, it was just, like, really confusing on how I should skate. I'm like, "Is he judging me?" You know, his style was... It was a little sloppy, but he was going big. Oh! It's so fucking strange Tony Hawk came up and fucking skated with me just to see my personality. Hawk: Most of his small semi tape footage was his first park, the Birdhouse, and he hated the music, and I'm sorry, Heath, that I used Nine Inch Nails, and here I am on camera begging forgiveness. Kirchart: I just remember when I saw it, like, I went down to Tony's house, and he showed me it, and I, like, I was so, like, distraught over it, I think, I, like, almost cried. I either wanted to cry, or I think I cried, maybe. Beagle: I skated with Heath when he was on Birdhouse, and I rode for Foundation. Yeah, I heard about him a lot before I finally met him, but he was always, like, super deck, but he could do big stuff, you know? By the time I was, like, 17, maybe, 16, 17, and I started to, like, really hang out with Josh and just go and skate with Josh, it was just about listening to music, skating this parking lot and sitting around this parking lot. That's kind of what we did. "Barbarians at the Gate" was this video that Tod Swank, the owner of Foundation, and Steve Rocco, who were friends, the owner of World Industries, decided to take. That was so much fun as a kid. We had Rocco's Range Rover. I mean, those things, even today, are still like $100,000, and we drove that thing through, like, a corn field and dented the fuck out of it. He just did not give a fuck about money. $100 bills pave the way to fuck. ** Beagle: I guess the whole concept was, "What would two pro skateboarders do if they had the boss' credit card and went on a trip?" That was the concept, but it was nothing like that. It was, like, what could Steve Rocco make these kids do to make them feel awkward? One of the epic things that we did was, like, we had Josh and Keith judge a wet t-shirt contest at a bar, and then I was, like, the water dude. Like, I was, like, pouring the water over the girls to make their t-shirts wet. It was funny. Beagle: And then right after that, we had blind dates that night with, like, these three 14-year-old girls. Kirchart: There was underaged girls, and they ended up getting, like, naked the first night and stuff. Kind of creepy. Beagle: Me and Heath are just sitting there going, "What's going on here? This is creepy." Whoo! [ Man yells indistinctly ] The stuff he did was unheard of. It was twice as big as anything that had been done. It was stuff that people only joked about. ** All right. Ready? [ Speaks indistinctly ] [ Both laugh ] Give me another hit. O'Dell: What is it like having Heath be the dude you're looking at? I mean, is he, like... Are you shitting looking at Heath? Yeah. Show them how you take a shit in here. I don't want to take my fucking pants off and do that. No, but you can just sit. Okay. I'm not taking my pants off for this. I think I do have to piss, actually. Is the piss jug all the way up front? A little spilled. I'm gonna piss. You can cut. Show them that thing. Piss. He's about to show you what he's famous for, his big-ass dick. - It's not that big. I'm definitely more someone that would rather be alone, while he's someone that kind of always needs someone around, which makes it, like, hard on a trip like this. All right. We're in, like, a row boat all the time. Like, we're probably on the water for 10 hours a day, and this person is 10 feet away from me, facing me the whole day. There's been two versions of Heath that I've known. One is the little sidekick to Josh Beagle. I mean, I guess you can see some of that in that, like, that "Barbarians of the Gate" movie. But then there was, like, such a switch from that Heath to, like, the Heath that everyone knows now. I think I, like, turned a little bit of a corner and started, like, taking skateboarding a little more serious and working on tricks to film for a video part, and, like, tried tricks that maybe scared me, and stuff like that. ** ** ** ** Every month, I'd open up a mag, and it's like, "What did Heath do now? Like, what the fuck did he do?" Every single month, he'd have an ad for somebody where it would be just the gnarliest thing you'd ever seen. He was doing stuff so big that no one knew. I mean, can he ride away? We don't know. Like, he's gonna find out. You know, he was pushing the envelope like no other when it came to, like, gnarly street skating. Mixing big with technical was kind of one of Heath's specialties. There was so much that he had done that put him on such a different level. ** ** ** ** He's nuts, like, he's nuts. He'll try anything, like, you know what I mean? Like, he feeds off that stuff. He likes to do dangerous things. Van Engelen: That dude pushed how far you can push your body physically, and mentally, in the sense of, like, because that dude didn't skate small shit. He skated scary fucking shit. If I were to go do something scary, I would stress about it days before, and so, like, the night before would just, like, be stressing, thinking about it. I think I'd drive to the spot and look at it and just focus on it and just, like, be like, "Okay, you're gonna be here tomorrow. You're gonna be rolling up. Just know that you're gonna have to overcome this," like, and just, like, try to mentally prepare as much as possible. ** Hsu: The El Toro lipslide is such a big deal. First of all, he, like, invented the spot. You know, El Toro is now... It's always referred to as the, like, big rail stair set in, like, skate conversation. Kirchart: I wanted to skate at El Toro High, and it was a 20-stair rail that no one had skated. Jerry Fowler, who is, like, a ledge skater, showed me the rail, and told me he tried to noseslide it without a filmer, and I was like, "Oh, that's a lie." El Toro, I think, was the very first rail, and maybe, like, the only time it's happened to me in skating that I was, like, really scared of it, to the point where, like, when I was rolling up to it, I was so nervous that, like, I couldn't feel, really, what was happening, like, in my legs and stuff, to where, like, I was like, "I have no idea what's gonna happen when I try this because this just doesn't... I can't really feel my legs because I'm, like, nervous and scared." ** ** If you're trying something hard, you just kind of hit this, like, fuck it point before you try it to where you're just, like, you've arranged all these people to be there, you said you were gonna do it, you don't want to do it because you're scared, but you're committed, and so you have to, basically, just force yourself and just go, "I don't care if the worst-case scenario happens." "I have to go, like, right now, and just get it over with." ** ** He can endure pain so well. It's like Heath gets off on pain, really. Man: Good job. Hsu: He was one of the guys that, like, took the harshest slams. Definitely some of the stuff that I've seen, just in real life, which isn't even that bad, but the stuff I've seen on video... ...like, some of the most brutal stuff I've ever seen. ** ** Aah! Kirchart: I mean, that lipslide that, like, basically pile-drived me into the rail was probably, like, the biggest rail I ever tried to skate, but it was also just, like, this is a fucking... Like, for how big it was, it was steep. So it just, like, like a fireman's pole just, like, into the ground. Van Engelen: He will try shit till he cannot walk. That was, like, the biggest thing I took from Heath, and I'm just like, "Oh. Like, the best in the world fucking don't just land shit?" Aah! It's hilarious what skateboarding did to me as far as, like, make me a psycho. Aah! Kirchart: Mileage-wise, we're about halfway through the trip. After the first week, my hands just, basically, kind of seized up. Yeah. They feel like when you jam your finger, like, bad. My fingers feel like they're jammed. Yeah. Because they're swollen and they can't close and they kind of ache. And so that constant strain on them... I couldn't make fists. I still can't make a proper fist. Want to row for a bit? Yeah. Burtch: Being on a trip with Heath like this, there's an aspect of it where you don't want to, like, let this dude down because you know, like, he'll row forever. It's like the same way with skating. He's gonna -- He's not done until his body, like, physically fucking can't move. [ Speaks indistinctly ] Hsu: Sometimes skate sessions are just, like, really, you know, fun and social and it's very, like, easygoing, but, I mean, Heath's sessions are... It's more serious. It's more focused. ** ** Heath does not like distraction. Like, he needs a lot of concentration for the stuff he does. He would just flip out, you know, focus his board, throw it, scream. I think he's done. I mean, John Miner can tell you all about those things. I think at first, I was, like, pretty intimidated by it, but I kind of got used to it over time, and, I mean, after a while, it just kind of started getting entertaining in a way because he would just fucking lose his mind. Aah! It's hilarious what skateboarding did to me as far as, like, make me a psycho when I was doing it because I don't have that real rage in me anymore, ever. There's something about physically exhausting yourself and wanting something so bad that, like, will make you fucking snap when you see it kind of going away. I tried to bail because my board was going in the fucking wrong direction! Fuck! Shit! Aah! ** ** I would have no problem in, like, a fit of rage, like, throwing my board. And of course, anyone walking by is gonna fucking stop and stare at this fucking lunatic throwing a skateboard around, and I would just fucking look at them and just like, "What the fuck are you looking at?" Just like, "Fucking stare at you when you're doing your fucking shit." Like, I would have no problem attacking someone staring at me. Well, that sucks. Okay. Fine, then. He really kind of puts off this vibe of, like, "Don't talk to me. Don't look at me." But that also really attracts people's interests. Ow! Heath is very... How do I say it, man? He's a scientist. He's just that person in the lab working 24-7, and he don't want nobody around him. I've never seen a human being like him. Regan: People that, before they meet Heath, are intimidated by him, and I think that's because they don't know what to expect, and because he is quiet, and it's really, more than anything, it's his shyness. It's an interesting scenario with Heath because his job is to be in front of people and skateboarding. He puts on a really incredible show, but, in addition to the skating part, you're supposed to interact with the fans and the audience, and after the skating was over, like, Heath would pull his hat and kind of just disappear back into the crowd. The fame is not what was motivating him. There was something else driving him. Hsu: I think from, just a skate-fan perspective, he was intimidating, along with all the other stuff. Before I rode for Emerica, I became friends with Spanky and John Miner. They had this house on Fairfax in Hollywood, and I would go visit Spanky. I would go stay there. Welcome to the Emerica house. Heath had a room there, and it was just a bed and one of those giant, like, 4-foot-tall giant TVs, and then VHS tapes just stacked everywhere. He would just sit in his room and watch movies. Miner: I remember a time where he didn't leave his room for a week. It was, like, dude, this guy is, like, so introverted, man. He hasn't left his fucking room in a week. I would see him, you know, maybe once a day, when he would come down to cook his, like, frozen pizzas in the oven and then take them back to his room. It was like living with a ghost. Hsu: Heath is one of those guys that people, like, trade stories about. He has that weird appeal for a lot of skaters. Like, he owned vending machines for a while. He had these vending machines that he would go and he would refill them, collect the money. He even would do things, like, there would be, like, a secret one, like a secret soda. It didn't have a label. It would just be, like, surprise soda. You'd just be, like, "Yeah." Like, people, they'd get so curious that they would buy it. It was so funny. He told me he delivered pizzas for a while, but he wasn't even retired yet. That was just something -- that was just something that he did on the side. Kirchart: That was a great job. One time, to my face, I got recognized selling pizzas. It was a basement in downtown L.A. of this building, and they were doing, like, a photo shoot for some, I don't know, fashion thing or something, and then all of sudden in back of me, someone's just like, "Are you Heath Kirchart?", and I was just like, "Fuck." It was kind of embarrassing. He told me before, like, he always lived the same way his broke friends did, to where he'd, like, live in, like, the same spots, eat the same food, drink the same, like, shitty, cheap beer, and, like, just do that, except he was, like, saving his money and investing it in different things. O'Dell: And do you know some of the things he invested in? I mean, it was, like, properties, a lot of stocks. Hunt: I mean, he has, like, Baskin Robbins coupons in his wallet, you know? He buys fucking candy after Halloween because it goes on sale. That's, like, Heath's sort of, like, M.O., you know? And that put him in a good position to retire. I think so. Yeah. It's funny. I remember when Heath was spending a lot of time with myself and Anthony Van Engelen. They were talking about 5 years in the future and being pro. Anthony was like, "Damn. Five years. That's, like, 2012. Like, fuck, that's crazy. I'm gonna be, like, 30-something, whatever. Like, what do you think you're gonna do? Are you gonna be pro in 5 years?" to Heath, and he's like, "Fuck no. Like, no way. Like, there's no way I'll be pro in 5 years." ** Jefferson: Heath is always the dude you think you know, but you don't know, and the Mega Ramp was the start of that. It was when he started being extra weird. ** Hsu: Quitting being a pro skater is not your choice. Usually something happens, you get hurt or your sponsors dump you or you have a family, or whatever it is. Usually it's just not your choice, so it was unusual for someone to just be like, "I'm done." [ Horn honks ] Kirchart: Well, skateboarding to me was always, like, I wanted each part to progress, and there started to be less and less progression. And like, even if you just look at the last part I came out with, it was just regurgitated tricks that I'd done in the past. Aah! At that point, everything was a battle. I don't think there's a trick in there that came easy, and that's just the way skateboarding was as I started entering my 30s. I tried to be, like, gimmicky. I was like, "Well, I'll film my part in all white, and then I'll stand out that way," or something. And I was like, "You know what? Like, why am I doing this? I should just let them know that, like, I don't really care to film a part, or I can't." Aah! You kind of just feel, I don't know, inadequate. There was also a lot of good skateboarders coming up at the time for the companies I rode for. If you're, like, a 35-year-old man that's just, like, not really keeping up, you're keeping those younger guys from getting paid. Shit. Reynolds: So instead of, you know, just milking it, which Heath totally could've, and everybody actually told him he could have. Like, "We will pay you to do nothing and just be you," and he said no. I just personally took it as, like, "Damn. That's a gangster way to go out is just say, like, no free money." Like, I'd buy a Heath board right now. Templeton: To me, it's kind of admirable and awesome to just say, "You know what? Like, I'm taking no money, therefore, I have to do nothing. Whatever I do now, skating-wise, is for myself." And, you know, that's awesome. That's great. I mean, clearly I didn't follow this because I still have a board out right now, and I barely skate anymore, so go figure, but... So what happened was, I decided to, like, call it a day as far as skating and everything, but I was like, "But I still want to see what I can do." It would be ideal to finish my last part with something that I've wanted to do for whatever it is, 15 years. Wilkins: We were at the "Mag" one day, and someone called us and said, "Hey. Heath's going out to Bob's today to skate his Mega Ramp." And they're like, "You should come out and shoot it." ** The Mega Ramp is what I would call a Hot Wheels track on steroids. It's probably two or three stories high, the scariest thing you can do. I mean, people have broken legs and knocked themselves out and almost died on it. You're one of my favorites, man. Burnquist: Heath, for a long time, was my favorite street skater. You don't, you know, just street skate and then go to a Mega Ramp. I really want you to pull it. I want you to make it. I don't go to the streets and go like, "Okay. I'm gonna go 50/50 this, you know, 30-stair rail." Jefferson: There's people who skate Mega Ramp only, and there's street skaters, and street skaters are not supposed to do what these guys are doing at all. Wilkins: I think he brought a motorcycle helmet, and that was gonna be what he rode the Mega Ramp on. Kirchart: It's one of those things where it's just like, it's full commitment or none. It's all or nothing, and it's just such a mind fuck because it's out of your realm. You're clearing a gap that, I don't know what it is, 60 feet or something, and there's a fucking hole. And you're going faster than I've ever gone on a skateboard, and now I have to go off a fucking, like, whatever it is, 8-foot jump ramp going the fastest I've ever gone on a skateboard? Like, I have no idea how my body will react to that. It was never his goal to just go and jump this thing straight. He just started spinning 360s. [ Groans ] He put one down hard, and went to his shoulder, and I was like, "Maybe that's it. Like, he's done. He's slammed." Ah, man. The Mega Ramp thing was just a rumor, and the rumor I heard that was he tried it, but he broke his collarbone, or whatever, and he just gave up. What we didn't realize was that, when he took the slam, he broke his collarbone. Kirchart: I'd broken my collarbone enough times where I was just like, "Something's, like, fucked with it. My arm's only going up this high." And I was just like, "I've just got to give it, like, one more try." Man: Holy shit. So when I was at the premiere and saw it, and he actually landed it, like, I kind of almost started crying because I was, like, it was just so unbelievable. He really went out with a bang. [ Laughing ] I don't know. It was probably, like, the most amazing feeling I'd had in skateboarding, just because it was the end, too. It was, like, "Oh, like, I'll never have to film another trick if I don't want to. I'll never have to be scared again on a skateboard." I was gonna do it without a helmet, but after that last one, man, I would have fucking knocked myself fucking out. Yeah. Jefferson: Once you saw the boat, that's when you're like, "Dude, what are you doing?" We're doing it! [ Film reel clicking ] Got you. Think that's just... I'm getting better at this. I think I can hear when it's exposed now. O'Dell: You guys ever... Spots? This is -- I think this might be the best one. It's that... over the rail onto a bank. I saw that one. This is, like, hip. On the board, like, you can see... That's not really what we're about on this trip, though. So, like, after he retired, he just kind of decided to go on adventures, I feel like. I remember he rode his bike across the country. Kirchart: The bicycle trip kind of happened because I was like, "All right. Like, I'm gonna be done skating. I have to figure out what I'm gonna do with the rest of my life." I think I was, like, 33 at the time. And so I was just like, "You know what? I'll just, like, get a bicycle, ride across country," and then I invited my friend Jeff on it, not thinking that he would go. I'm pretty sure he knows that's exactly the type of shit that I like to do. Definitely, like, tons of people thought that it was a bad idea. Like, my sister was really curious how we knew nothing about how to fix our bikes. Kirchart: I mean, the whole thing was just to kind of wing it. You know, I had to Google what type of bicycle to get. Like, I wasn't a bike rider. I mean, sitting on a bicycle for 8 hours a day for 53 straight days kind of fucking sucks. Three days in, my ass started to bleed. It's not your asshole, it's just, kind of, like, the in between your balls and your asshole. Like, I told all these people I was gonna do this, and then it's almost like I'm gonna have to quit. We were in Death Valley at the time, and it was probably, like, 110 degrees, and we just bought a big tub of Vaseline and just, like, both went into a bathroom with this tub of Vaseline and just scoop a handful, and you just basically lube everything down there, and that kind of fixed it and made it all kind of, like, stuff stopped rubbing. Vallee: That's the part of the story that's not, fucking, very cool. Like, you stop in some bathroom and fucking rub Vaseline on your taint. Kirchart: I mean, Jeff, he kind of has, like, a personality similar to mine, to where, like, we were both willing to, like, grind it out and work hard, and not one person is gonna carry the other one, so it works well on a trip. I'm doing it, dude. Brr! Vallee: We liked that we didn't really know how to long-distance bicycle or fix a bicycle, and we thought, "Okay. Here's another one." Kirchart: So then we did the Grand Canyon next. Ride a raft through the Grand Canyon... God damn it. What the fuck? ...and you go all through the Grand Canyon, 235 miles on a raft. All right. Here we go. - Whoo! - Yeah! Kirchart: We weren't guided. We had no idea, like, what to do or how to go through them or anything. [ Laughing ] The big danger with that one is that the water is, like, freezing cold. Once you go in without a dry suit on, like, you'll freeze within, like, a minute or two. Vallee: When I went on that trip, I was like, "This is the trip." You get to shit your pants. You get to, you know, actually have, like, fun with that risk, and then you get to do the whole thing. And I was like, "I want to do this stuff all the time, man." Whoo! I've been around Heath when he pitches these ideas. Vallee: Oh, fuck. The rope got caught. Slowly but surely, his missions get so gnarly and so crazy, people are like, "Nah. I'm good." Kirchart: What's most memorable about all trips I've done is the miserable times, and those are the parts you look back and, like, cherish. This last day where we rode 45 miles and spent 16 hours on the boat was just fucking hell. It's the days that you look back on and are just like, "All right, like, we got through that." And that's, like, kind of, like, the cherished moments. Here, this is a picture from the boat trip where we failed, and we don't really have any pictures because, you know, everything was kind of lost. But he was super into buying this football jersey with the name of the boat on the back, and I was like, "Really? I really can't picture you wearing a fucking football jersey." The concept of that one was, Jeff had read a book of people kayaking down the Pacific side of Baja. We were kind of contemplating how we wanted to do it, and we went out to eat in Los Angeles, and this surfer came up to us, and we were telling him, like, "Yeah. We're thinking about, like, kayaking down." Like, he's just like, "Oh, I had a friend that built his own boat and tried to go down there in a boat." We're like, "Well, how'd that go?" And he's just like, "He made it two days, and, like, the boat capsized and, like, he had to, like, swim to shore." And we're like, "Fucking, he built his own boat, and he fucking lasted two days? Like, damn. That sounds like a trip that would be fucking awesome to do." ** So we would work hard all day long, sanding, doing all this other shit, and then we would go out at night, and then we would wake up in the morning. And we had, like, our little routine, and those are some of my favorite times. It's, like, a lake boat, you know? It was made to, like, sail around on a lake somewhere. We took it through marinas and stuff, and, like, we had sailboats, like, beeline for us and, like, take photos of us. Like, it was a beautiful boat. The goal was to make it from San Diego, Pacific Beach, down to Todos Santos. Vallee: The idea was that, I think, we were gonna take 40 or 50 days to do it. So we sail out of San Diego Harbor. We're fucking cruising. Heath made a joke. He was like, "This is easy." Kirchart: The plan for that trip was to, every night, come into shore, camp on the beach, pull out, go back, do that all the way down. And we knew there were some rocky points to where we wouldn't be able to pull in, and we'd have to sail through the night. So the sun started to come down. We're probably, like, 60 kilometers into Mexico at this point, where it's just cliffs and super big waves, and we, like, couldn't get into shore. All right, well. We knew we were gonna sleep on this boat at least some nights. Like, I guess it's gonna be the first night. Vallee: It's getting dusk, and this guy comes out on a Jet Ski from Rosarito Beach. He's a lifeguard. Just, like, the look on his face is just like, "What are you doing? Like, where are you going?" We named a marina that was probably, like, 30 miles down, and he was like, "You're never gonna make it there." And we were like, "We know. We're good," like, just trying to get rid of him. We didn't want him to have to, like, pull us in. We wanted to continue on our trip. He's like, "They're going south. They're obviously Americans. They have a shitload of, like, random gear in their little, tiny boat. They're dressed weird." And he was very perplexed that we were like, "Nope. Everything's cool here," because he was looking and going like, "Like, I work on the ocean. Everything is not cool here." Kirchart: He was just like, "All right. Give me your names. Like, I need to, like, know who you guys are. Like, what's your name?" And so we gave him our names, and he's just, like, he couldn't really do anything, so like, he's just like, "All right." Vallee: We rode through the night. I told him, I was like, "Okay. Well, why don't you... There's no reason for us both to be up. Why don't you sleep right now and I'll stay up?" Yeah, basically, first day, we were totally fucked. Kirchart: Slept on the boat, sailed through the night, woke up the next morning. Super windy. There was, like, a wind called the Santa Ana Winds. We're not adept at sailing, so I'm trying to sail this small boat, and when the wind would really hit us hard, I would let some of the sail out because I was afraid it was gonna capsize the boat. Jeff let go of the boom, broke our mast. And so now we're just this cork with the wind howling, and it was blowing us out to the ocean. For the next, like, I don't know how long, I'd love to know how long it actually was, we were just trying to row to shore, and then we tried to switch rowers one time, and I, like, tripped over in the boat and it tipped the boat over, and the boat was underwater. We felt like we were, like, 400 or 500 yards off the shore, and that's a long ways to swim if you're, like, healthy and there's no wind, but the water was cold and we were just cramping up. We were swimming probably, like, 45 minutes, and I looked behind me, and we just had made no progress. Like, we were basically just, like, treading water. We were just basically, like, stuck. And that was the only time I've ever seen Heath where he was totally out of control of the situation, and he looked like he was really scared. I was just like, "I can't believe this is it. I can't fucking believe that this is, like, how I'm gonna fucking die." That's all I kept saying. I was like, "I can't fucking believe I'm gonna die doing this." Like, this is it. This is just... eh. Vallee: It was really fucking scary. And I'm looking at the shore, and I've swam my whole life in the ocean, and I'm like, "There's a fucking really good chance that we will not make it there." And then, yeah, the dude shows up on a Jet Ski, the same dude as the night before. 14 hours later, this guy was, like, saving our life, like, couldn't be happier to see any other human. By the time they put us in the ambulance, we were just shaking so bad. So, like, hypothermia had set in, and they tried to put an I.V. in me, and I was just shaking too bad for them to hit a vein. They were just stabbing my arm with a needle. Vallee: And then the lifeguard walks up to me and he goes, "Are you Jeff?" And I was like, "Fuck." Like, "Yeah, man, what can I say? Like, you were right. I'm wrong. Like, we should not have been out there." Kirchart: I had a waterproof case on my iPad that I had around my neck when shit hit the fan, so when I put on my life jacket, it just happened to be on me, so we showed up at the hospital with just shorts, t-shirt, an iPad and a Leatherman. Luckily, this guy, he was just like, "I'll drive you to the border." So they drove us to the border, and we just walked across the border barefoot. We skipped by my friend's house, got Heath a pair of shoes and literally dropped him off at the train, and he just rode the train back to L.A. Kirchart: I mean, you definitely learn something new about yourself on every one of the trips, and sometimes it's, like, not something you even want to know about yourself. Burtch: Shit's coming, man. When we jump out, don't, like, jump... Splash? Yeah. I just need to put the swim fins on, and then I'll jump. [ Man speaks indistinctly ] ** ** [ Chuckles ] Patrick, do you want to fucking do it? O'Dell: No. This might be, like, a once-in-a-lifetime deal. It took us three weeks for this. That's pretty cool. There's just a fucking massive fish behind you. No big deal. Yeah. Well, we've been freaking... Our whole deal was that we wanted to find a whale shark and jump in with it, and we just did that. I don't want to think that I was, like, ever, like, an adrenaline junkie. I think that's just kind of, like, a lot of people that's associated with that term kind of just suck. I think my whole life was about, like, accomplishing something on a skateboard, a trick, a video part or something, like something to look forward to that you're doing, and, like, now that, like, I don't have that with skateboarding, it's like, what's going to fill that void for me, and I think it's trips like this. I like the unknown, I guess. And, like, out here, there's a lot unknown, and there's a lot, like, you know, day-to-day, there's a lot of stuff that can come up that I'm not prepared for, then you have to deal with it. We're here for the adventure. Like, I want something that, like, you have to overcome. So, like, we get blown out or we get in a dicey situation, like, I'm, like, looking forward to that, and, like, how you meet that challenge. The leak in the boat, it's just, like, everything, that's why we're here. If it went perfect, it wouldn't be an adventure. ** ** 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 