Creeped Out: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Creeped Out 
 s1e6 - The Call - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Creeped Out (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - The Call - full transcript 
 On her fifteenth birthday, Pearl begins to hear a voice and feels the call of the ocean. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The Curious... they say he collects strange tales. And if you ever hear his whistle, you know something creepy is about to unfold. No one knows where he's from or where he's going to. People say "He". Truth is, you can't tell if The Curious is a boy or a girl, or even human. If you had the chance to do something anonymously and no one would ever find out, just how far would you push it? Very accomplished, Samuel. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's as if "Panis Angelicus" was written just for our choir. Wouldn't you agree, Mr. Fitzgerald? I don't think he pictured one of them pregnant with an alien. Yeah, I saw you, brilliant. They need an outlet. Am I right? "An outlet"? Mom. My allowance didn't come through, again. Can I have some money? Some of the choir... I have nothing on me, Samuel. Oh, that vile, online troll. NoFace, the scourge of the school. "NoFace"? That's what he calls himself, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 too chicken to give his real name, takes distinct pleasure in humiliating kids online. And he's not even funny with it. How do you know it's a boy? It's someone at the school? Samuel, you haven't been a target, have you? Not yet. But if I am, I'll have a few things to say to them. I think whoever it is is a coward. Well, they may abandon us to our fate till the end of the term. But at least they leave us treats. What you get? The usual. Hey, Sam, do you want mine? I still haven't worked my way through the last lot. Your hair looks different today, Naini. A boy who notices. Thank you, Sam. I noticed. I noticed. And I noticed you're confident, like, "Don't make eye contact with me." Right, who's coming to Zuko's? Sammy, you coming for pizza? Uhh, nah, I'll skip it. It's okay, Sam. Fitzy will bring you back a slice. Won't you, Fitz? And you'll never know if I licked it. Hey, watch this. Anyone seen Naini's new hair? And she likes to think she's not part of the herd. Found out today Fitzy took a bet to get Naini Ramone to go out with him. It's all a big joke. He likes to pretend he's everyone's best mate. But while he's smiling to your face, he's laughing behind your back. Apparently, he's way insecure. The funny ones are always off crying alone in the toilets, when you're not looking. See you later, BillyGoat. Hey, how was Zuko's? In true Fitzy style, he put the pizza slice under my pillow, with a note from a pizza fairy. You okay? Whatever. At least I look like the front end of this llama. You can guarantee whoever did this looks like the back end. Naturally, I'm more upset about this. That can't be true. You don't know about a bet? It's Fitzy, Naini. He wouldn't do that. Ask him. Don't know what to believe, Sam. Hey, Naini, would you want to hang with me at lunch tomorrow? Like, just you and me? We can talk it through if you like. That'd be nice. What'd be nice? Uhh, I've got to go. I have to get to class. What's with her? Sam Sanford, you're wanted in the Headmaster's office. Sam Sanford, to the Headmaster's office. What have you done now, mate? Sit here. I can pay. I just need more time. Mrs. Sanford, not to be indelicate, but that is what you said the last time. Can you afford to send your son to this school or not? And if not, sadly, Sam will have to leave us. I'm working as hard as I can. It's not just the fees. There's the winter uniform and summer uniform and cricket whites and rugby boots and sailing gear and the endless... Mother! Why can't he apply for this? A Riseborough Scholarship, that would pay for everything, wouldn't it? That is open to treble soloists, Mrs. Sanford. Sam is a baritone. I can do it. Sir, let me sing solo. And I will prove it to you. If he does, does he get to stay? If, Mrs. Sanford, if. See you at the performance. We are not leaving this school. What are you doing? You scared me, dude. I was listening to music, couldn't sleep. Right, well, just don't stay up too late. We got rehearsal first thing. Tell me you haven't been standing there the whole time. What? What is this? Stop! Stop! There are times when this choir moves me to tears. Today is not one of them. There are tears. But they're the kind you get when you step on a plug. Sorry, sorry I'm late. I overslept. Ah, Mr. Sanford. For those here who don't know, Mr. Sanford is on the verge of leaving us, that is unless he can win the coveted Riseborough Scholarship by performing the Mount Everest of treble solos, "Art Thou Troubled?" from Handel's Rodelinda, at this evening's recital. Apparently, he also thinks he can do it without rehearsal. Young man? Would you care to give us a little sample of the solo you intend to perform this evening? Maybe acquire a little practice for once? You won't be late for this recital tonight, will you? No, sir, I won't. You've proven elusive, Sammy boy. Sorry, got a bit on my mind at the moment. So I hear. Leaving? What, you couldn't share with your best mate? I'm getting this scholarship. It's not worth talking about. I found out why Naini's gone quiet. Someone's been spreading rumours about me. What? Who? Guess. That idiot, NoFace. Let me have a word with Naini, set her straight. No, I'll do it. And I'll prove it's the work of that ugly, useless, coward, who must be the biggest loser if he gets his kicks like this. Good for you, man. Turns out Naini herself spread the rumours about Fitzy, overheard her telling someone that Fitzy weirds her out. And she did it as an excuse to get rid of him. What is this? I know it sounds weird. But I love frozen peas. I'll sit in front of the telly with a cup of them and eat them like crisps. Does that make me a freak? Definitely not a freak. Do you have anything like that? Uhh, I chew ice. I knew it. You're a freak too. You know, sometimes, I feel like you're a bit... I don't know... closed off, like there's a whole lot more going on underneath. What you see is what you get. I thought I'd give Fitzy a chance to defend himself. I mean, it's not fair if it's just dumb rumours, right? You spoke to him? He flipped at me, Sam, said I'd been horrible to him and that he didn't want to have anything to do with me. I'm really sorry, Naini. You think you know someone, right? You okay? Yeah, feeling a bit off. Allergies, it's my allergies, Naini. I'm really sorry. Sam? Sam? What is happening? Is this what the message meant? "Curse"? "Moondweller, beware, "your actions have consequences. "From this moment forth thou innermost troll shall become thine outermost." Trolls must hide. Stay hidden until sunset. By sunrise, you will return to normal. All you have to do is stay out of sight. I can't do that. I can't do that. Everyone will hate me. I'll lose all my friends, everything. You have all until the Sun sets to stay hidden or admit to your deeds. Otherwise, you will remain a troll forever. Sam, you in there? Why is the door locked? Uhh, kind of need to be alone right now, Fitz. I'm not myself. Oh, nerves getting the better of you, buddy? Hey, there's some fresh pants in the drawer if you need them. Not helping! Hey, Sammy boy, you'll ace it. I know you will. I'm sick, Fitzy. I don't think I can do it. You sound all right. "Sound all right"? Ah, Mr. Sanford. Yes, sir? What's with the hood? Stage fright, sir, crippling, I can't go on without it. You never had stage fright before. I've never done a solo before. But you're really frightened? Terrified, sir. Very well, just this once. Hurry up now. You don't want to miss your solo. Sam? You okay? Yeah, okay, I've got it. I've got it. Give me a moment. Boy, remove your hood. Well? What are you waiting for? Admit your deeds. I will take back the curse. You will return to normal. Admit your deeds. Admit your deeds. I can't. Glad to see the back of him. I heard his mum took him away for some sort of treatment. Yeah, and I heard it was a prank, and he got expelled. Well, I'm just glad they found his laptop. Or else we might never have spoken again. Yeah, and I'm glad you're ugly on the outside, not the inside. Hey! Definitely prefer it that way round. Words that take seconds to type can wound forever. But anonymity goes both ways. You'll never know who's going to be your BillyGoat. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 