Fairly Legal: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Fairly Legal 
 s2e4 - Shine a Light - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Fairly Legal (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 4 - Shine a Light - full transcript 
 As Kate mediates a severance agreement between an aeronautics company and a dismissed engineer, she discovers that the company may have something to hide. Meanwhile, Lauren babysits Ben as they placate a disgruntled client. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You have a 10:00 meeting! I know you can hear me! [Groggy] I'm up. [Groans] God, she has no pop-tarts, no waffles. I mean, how does a person live without waffles? You've been complaining about the food at Lauren's for weeks, have you heard of his newfangled thing they call a grocery store? Oh, yeah, I think I saw one of those leaving Pizza Hut. Is that gyros? For breakfast? Because he's a baby that goes "wah wah wah!" 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 the minute he doesn't get his way. I can make this go away in, like, three minutes. Fantastic. Get on the phone, I'll start the timer. Couldn't you give us a break before getting sued? You have been here a month. Yeah, it's been the best 45 weeks of my life. - Oh! Hello, sunshine. Enjoying yourself? - Oh! Hi! Did someone put out the bat-signal? - I'm here to help. - A simple misunderstanding. [Laughs] A $250,000 "misunderstanding." Oh, care to share with the class? He didn't tell his client about a $250,000 settlement offer, and now, three days before trial, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 his client is suing us for the 250,000, plus damages. Of course I didn't tell him about the offer. He would have taken it. So you are admitting to breaching fiduciary duty, for which Reed & Reed could be liable? I could get 20 times that for him at trial. Oh, my God. [Phone beeps] Okay, I am making an appointment with your client to settle this, and then I am gonna babysit every meeting you have with him from now on. I've worked ten years without partners. I don't need people telling me what to do now. Mm-hmm. Email me Carl Redmayne's phone number. I'm gonna be in my office. Carl Redmayne, the Giants relief pitcher? - Yeah. - That's your client? - Uh-huh. - He's big, tall. - Throws fast. - Mmm, is he single? So "the bat-signal." Is she Batman? An orphan who swore revenge on crime, tempered by the ideals of justice? You guys have been working together too long. Conference room. People are waiting. [Groans] All right, what am I doing again? Grantham Pace Aeronautics. Mmm! The airplane people. Yeah, one of the high-level managers was downsized with two years left on his contract. Hey, does Batman have superpowers? No, he's smart, privileged, well-built, - and obsessed with justice. - Mmm, I like it. This severance package looks pretty good as far as the silver linings on sucky things go. As I've explained to Mr. Martin, the current economy has suffered a decrease in force across the company, but because of his excellent record, we're exceeding the terms of his original contract with a full two-year payout, including an extension of his health insurance. Wow. Danny, that's... that's very generous. What do you want me to say? "Thank you for firing me"? I mean, without me, the Lightstar wouldn't even be in the testing phase. Lightstar? Our next generation of aircraft. Danny's been on the team since the beginning. I just want to get this over with. - Okay. - Uh, there's just one other document. - Uh, what's this? - The confidentiality agreement. All our designers agree to sign one when they leave the company. Danny's worked on some proprietary systems. I didn't just work on them. I created them, Mitch. I gave up everything. I spent hours away from my family for the last eight years building them, - and you know it. - And we're thankful. I think that this package reflects that. But you can't just walk out the door with the technology. Danny, it is pretty standard. I mean, you're free to go do the job for somebody else, but you can't take company secrets with you. I'm not signing it. It's a deal-breaker, Danny. You walk away, this offer is off the table. Uh, no, it's not off the table. I mean, just think about what you're taking away from him. He needs more than 20 minutes and a boot in his ass to get through this. Danny! Danny! If you want to negotiate, you can't leave. Is that code for "come back and give up"? - Some mediator. - Okay, look. Uh, I know how hard it must be for you to walk away from this, but you're obviously a really talented guy. You'll find another job. And it's a generous settlement. - Trust me, I've seen a lot of these. - Excuse me. I'm not signing that agreement. Please let go of the door. Do you not want to sign because you think it's wrong or because you don't want to leave? Honestly, Ms. Reed? I don't want to sign because they're lying. Thanks for your time. [Elevator dings] [Upbeat rock music] Fairly Legal 2x04 - Shine A Light Original air date April 6, 2012 Sync and corrected by atrn97g www.addic7ed.com We have a meeting with Carl Redmayne in 30 minutes. Do you want to drive, or shall I? "Excuse me, Ben, are you busy?" "I've usurped all the power in your relationship" "with your client by making an appointment with him" "without your permission. Should we talk about how" "that crosses partner lines, makes you look like a weenie," "and undermines your ability to communicate" "with him from here on?" I'll drive myself. [Sighs] Your partner's a piece of work. Even better when she marries your dad. Okay, so what'd you find out? Grantham Pace is one of the biggest airplane manufacturers in the world. They're at the forefront of green technology and have been listed on Fortune's top 100 companies for 10 of the last 14 years. Danny was hired straight out of his PHD program, got four commendations, three raises, and re-upped after his first contract expired. Wow, and then the economy tanked. I guess I'd be mad too if I put all my eggs in one basket and that basket blew up, but why would he say that they're lying? Or why would he say no to a two-year payout? I mean, lie to me, punch me in the throat. I wouldn't care if you were paying me out for two years. Oh, really? I'm gonna remember that. [Phone vibrates] [Groans] Why do people keep sending me invitations to join Facebook? You're not on Facebook? Like, seriously? I prefer my connections face-to-face, not face-to-book. [Phone rings] Kate Reed. Danny, hi. Uh, no, I'm... I'm glad that you called. Uh-huh. Half an hour? Thanks so much. Uh-huh, bye. He wants me to come to his place so he can sign the papers. - What changed his mind? - I don't know, but, uh, I'll let you know as soon as I figure it out. Tweet me. Hash-tag "Leo'sdaman". Accent on the "da." Wow, this house is something. I said it was something. I didn't say anything about his taste. Carl's career save percentage is 88%, plus he played on the 2007 all-star team. He also tied the record for most consecutive scoreless innings in the same year he had his career-low E.R.A. But that was also 2007, and he's been sliding ever since. What? Four older brothers. Stop underestimating me and fix this. - You screwed me, Ben. - I didn't screw you. Keeping $250,000 from me? That's kind of what my money guy did, right? Your money guy stole $21/2 million, money I'd like to get you back at trial, plus interest and damages, if you let me do my job. So you're defending what you did? Mr. Redmayne, you are in charge here, and what you want is what Reed & Reed wants. So you tell us, what is gonna make this right for you? Well, darling, I'm gonna tell you. I want that $250,000 I was supposed to get in a cashier's check by tomorrow. Then I'll drop the lawsuit. Carl, don't walk away from this for a lousy 1/4 mil. - Let me nail this guy. - See, the thing is, I don't trust the people in charge of me these days. Maybe if this doesn't work out, I'll have to look at how you handled my other contracts all these years. I'm gonna need an apology too. Well, we'll take care of that today, Mr. Redmayne. Will you do that for me, darling? Lauren. My third ex-wife was named Lauren. I won't hold it against you. Hey, maybe I've found my next lawyer. Boom. [Blender grinding] I am not going back to opposing counsel with my tail between my legs. They'll eviscerate me on this offer. Sometimes if we make mistakes, we have to go groveling, so go groveling. Oh, and I bet you'd love that. I am just enjoying all of this, except the fact that you put the firm at risk. Have you ever heard the saying "you attract more flies with honey than with vinegar"? Horse manure attracts more flies than vinegar, and I'm not interested in that either. Hi. [Sighs] Did you bring the papers? Oh, yes, I did. I don't think you should sign it. I told you, I changed my mind. You know what stuck out to me the most about what you said this morning? It was the hours away from your family. But where are they? Oh, is that your boy? - What's his name? - Max. He's nine. Talk to me. You know, that project was my life. I was there all the time, so that's why they made me project manager. And why my wife left. We separated a year ago because I couldn't do anything but work. And what is Grantham Pace lying about? Danny? [Sighs] Okay. Modern engines are designed so if there's a blowout, there's a casing that prevents the parts from being sprayed into the fuselage or wings. There's a flaw in that design. The casing might not contain a blowout, and if the parts hit the fuel tank... it could blow up. It's a one in a million chance, but it could happen. Well, have you told someone? Yeah, yeah, I told Mitch as soon as I got the test results. And? And he said he was happy that I'd found it and he would look into it. But a week later, the test data came back, and the test data had been changed to show it as an insignificant risk, but that is a lie. It's small, but it's not insignificant. So they fudged the results? The parts are already in production. I mean, that's why they're letting me go. [Sighs] Because I know. - You have to say something. - They'll just cover it up. Say I broke my confidentiality agreement. Then go to the top. Go to the CEO's office and say, "hey, good news, I can keep your new plane from blowing up." You realize it would cost millions to fix it, billions if they missed delivery dates, it all played out in the stock price. They buried this, and they are moving forward. Look, it's fine. Probably nothing is ever gonna happen anyway, okay? Oh, Danny, you don't believe that. [Knocks on door] Hey. Are you leaving? It's 4:00. Uh, yeah, I have an outside meeting. You okay? Uh... [Groans] Okay, what do you know about whistle-blower laws? Why, you have a whistle-blower? [Whistles] Did he give you physical evidence? - No. - Does he have any? Why do you ask? Because whistle-blower laws have changed a lot in the last few years. Without actual proof of fraud, they're not gonna prosecute. Okay, but all the evidence is on the company's servers and he's about to sign severance papers. [Laughs] Then you may be out of luck. [Groans] Do better! Well, it's a catch-22, okay? The justice department needs hard evidence, but anyone caught removing documents can be charged with corporate espionage and/or theft. But if he gets the evidence out and into authorities' hands, he's protected? Yes, but if he's caught taking anything, he can go to jail. That's insane. So the government would rather a company endanger the public than keep somebody from doing what's right? - Whoa, whoa, "endanger"? - Yes, are you listening now? I mean, Justin, come on. What do I do? You don't do anything. Now, Kate, look at me. The consequences of being a whistle-blower are huge. I have seen people's lives ruined by this sort of thing. If he doesn't already have the evidence, don't rally him. Kate, are you listening to me? Did you hear what I said? I hear you. - Good. - Yeah. Okay, I'm sorry, I have to go inside. Go. That's fancy. Yeah, well, I'm meeting potential donors. Ah. Go get that money. Don't encourage him. I heard you the first time. All right. It's a Ryan M-2, the plane The Spirit of St. Louis was modeled after. Do you know all the calculations they had to make on fuel efficiency, safety, weight, just to get that plane across the Atlantic? The sheer innovation that was poured into that thing changed passenger travel forever. You can't help me. Telling your story isn't enough. The government won't prosecute without hard evidence. I could track down the schematics or maybe even the original test data, if it still exists. And because it's their property, if you remove it, you're gonna go to jail. So that's it? No whistle-blowing? Well, the mediation isn't over, you know? - I... I could try to get you... - What, money? Extension on my health insurance? I am out of a job. I lost my family. People might die because of something that I engineered, and there's nothing I can do about it. - Danny... - They win. Tell them I'll sign the deal. I'll take my money and be done. But I want to do it in person. I want to look Mitch in the eye as he pays me to shut up. And thanks for trying. I know you meant well. I really don't know what's keeping Danny. I mean, traffic maybe? I don't know. I had traffic coming in. Did you? Did you? - No. - No? He is going to sign the papers, right? Yes. - Excuse me, Kate? - Perfect timing. Did Danny call? Nope, but there is a call you need to take right now. Okay, great. I'll take it right here. - No, that would... - No, no, it's fine. Hi, Kate Reed. Hey, it's Danny. Uh, where are you? I'm gonna go in for the evidence. Oh! Figured Mitch would be at your office. Yes, yes, good guess. Well, my I.D. still works. Going upstairs to download the evidence off his computer. Idiot keeps his passwords on a post-it on his desk. Uh, you know, that's a bad idea. Uh, contractors. I'm remodeling my place, and it's just... oy, such a headache. Meet me outside the building in half an hour. I'll give you a flash drive you can take to your friend at the D.A.'s office. Okay, okay, that's great. That's great. Chartreuse it is. Uh-huh. Bye-bye. Uh, gentlemen, I've gotta run an errand, so if you guys wouldn't mind maybe just grabbing some lunch or something, and then we can meet back in, say, an hour? I have a lunch. I won't be available until after 2:00. Oh, okay, 2:00. 2:00 is fantastic. So I'll see you then. If Danny calls me, I'll just give you a shout. Uh... A little heads-up, maybe, huh? Flag on the play? Uh, I tried. You didn't catch the signal. Hey, Batman, I hear your boy was a no-show. Well, I hear you have asses to kiss. Chop-chop! Lauren doesn't like to be kept waiting. Still want to see you in that rubber suit. That's Catwoman. You say potato. [Elevator bell dings] [Sighs] Okay, don't look at me like that. I didn't tell Danny to do this. I waved him away from this. Kate Reed waved someone away from the truth? Leo, I swear to God, I would love to see somebody hand this company their ass on a platter, but I did not tell him to put his life in jeopardy. Okay, how long? Uh, he said he'd be out in 30 minutes. Since he called, it's been 20. If he steals corporate evidence and gives it to us, does that make us accomplices? No, Justin said that he's protected by the whistle-blower act once he gets the evidence in authorities' hands, and we would be too. But he just has to make it out. He will. Do you really believe that? - You bet. - Okay. Client would like to accept your $250,000 offer. Say it again. I think you heard me the first time. I know. I'd like to record it for posterity this time. Humor me. My client would like to accept your $250,000 offer. I have a vague recollection of your response to that offer. It was something poetic like, um, "shove it up your ass, Lydia. I'll see you at trial." Am I close? Are you gonna write me a check or not? Oh, I just remembered. That offer was made last week. It's expired now. Sorry. What's the new number? Oh, I don't think I could do anything better than, let's say, $125,000. $125,000? Or I could do $100,000 if you keep yelling at me. Shove it up your ass! There you go again. - You know, I don't think you... - It is wonderful. We will take it. I'm so sorry I'm late. I must have missed the memo about this meeting. But $125,000 is very generous. We'll take it to Mr. Redmayne and get his response. That is so lovely of you, Ms. Reed. Ah, call me Lauren. So are you gonna be bringing your nanny to all your negotiations from now on? [Forced laugh] Yes, he will be, until he grows up. You have a nice day. [Door slams] You are gonna get the extra $125,000 back from that woman, or it is coming out of your pocket, not the firm's. Chill out, Chester. [Laughs] I am not gonna have some bus-ad lawyer with a careless mouth and slime-ball ethics destroy the reputation I have worked too hard to maintain. No, nanny Reed, you're gonna continue to undermine me until there's no money left in the deal at all, and then we can personally thank you for torpedoing the whole thing. You let me know when it's done. Did you know that Facebook has 750 million users? Oh, will you shut up about Facebook? Just saying, you could connect to old high school friends. You know, I didn't like high school the first time around. Now, what time is it? Two minutes since you last asked. Oh. You need to connect to something. Okay, how would I connect? By posting pictures of myself at the office? Or how about my ex-husband? Oh, oh, oh, I know. I got it. How about all the vacations that I'm not taking because of all the days off that I don't have? Now, what is taking him so long? Even Batman has Alfred. And Catwoman. If you don't change the topic, I swear to God, Leo, I'm gonna throw you out of this car and run you over myself. [Laughs] I don't think this car can do that. Oh, my God. Leo, look. It's Mitch. He said he'd be at lunch till 2:00. He did, right? He said that! Okay. [Phone dialing] Oh, Danny, pick up. Pick up, pick up. Damn it! Mitch! Hi! Sorry to bother you. There's just some extra information that I need to get from you. Aren't we meeting later? What are you doing here? Well, um, I spoke with Danny... flat tire... and he was wondering if he could get an extra year on his health insurance. So is there somewhere that we can go? [Cell phone ringing] Maybe we can just, um, hash it out, you know, over a coffee or something? [Ringing] I'll talk to you later. [Door lock buzzes] Excuse me, sir? Sir! Sir! Hey! Hey! Stop! All right, that's it. No! What, uh... You're gonna need to come with us, sir. Move. All right, get the door. Hey. What do you have on him? Nothing! Look, they know what happened. No, you didn't do anything! Nothing happened! We have security video of Mr. Martin transferring files to a flash drive from his supervisor's computer, and we will find it. This man was supposed to be signing a severance agreement. Instead, he infiltrated our office... Oh, "infiltrated," really? Oh, come on. What is he now, some kind of Bond villain? He was still employed there! He'll be charged under the economic espionage act, section 1831, and tried in federal court. Wait, federal? He'll also be charged with breaking and entering... Oh, breaking and entering. That's clever. He wasn't authorized to enter his supervisor's office or access his computer, along with four other counts. - Should I go on? - Yeah. He was attempting to transfer confidential information - to a competitor. - That's not true! Then what other reason would he have? Okay, look, everyone just stop, okay? - Danny, shut up. - No, I think it's in my... - Danny, shut up. - I think it's in my best... I need to have a private conversation with my client. Your client? You're a mediator, and we're still in mediation. Well, then I quit. He needs to have a confidential conversation with somebody who has his best interests at heart. Right now, that person is me. Five minutes. Look, there's nothing you can do, okay? I failed. - Am I gonna go to jail? - No, Danny, no. You were trying to do the right thing. We are not giving up. You didn't do anything wrong. You know what? I should've just walked away when I had the chance. I'd have a chunk of money right now, - maybe my family. - But you can't walk away. That's why you called me, because you care. You can't just let this lie. I wish I had now. I really do. She'll have another tanqueray and tonic. You trying to get me drunk, Ben? I don't need to get women drunk. Oh, so they just fall at your feet without lubrication? My cross to bear. He'll have a Plymouth and tonic. You remember. I'm touched. I didn't need any help either. Except for that one time in Sausalito. We were both pretty sauced up then. And Alcatraz. [Laughs] That was work-related. Oh, that was work? [Laughs] - I thought about your offer. - The $125,000? Yeah, it doesn't really work for me. I could knock it down to $75,000 if you'd like. How about a million? See, here's the thing. Carl was so peeved about that settlement that I failed to bring him that I started wondering, who did tell him about it? - Do you know? - Search me. It's perplexing, isn't it? Because whoever did would have communicated with my client without me being there, which is an even bigger ethics violation than forgetting to mention a settlement agreement in the first place. You spoke to my client without me being there. The Bar Association will be so crushed. See, it's not fair that you're the only one that gets to be satisfied here, Lydia. Do you know what I mean? - Alcatraz. - Exactly. So bring me a cashier's check for a million dollars by the end of the day, and I'll see if he'll bite. You're bluffing. And I should've left you handcuffed to that cell. Is that a yes or a no? - Not a bad turnout, huh? - Oh, yes. These things are always a little bit nerve-wracking. [Whispering] Justin! Justin! Hey. Hi, how are you? Oh, thank you so much. [Fake laughing] Hi. Wow, that must have been some story. - What are you doing here? - Hello, gentlemen. - He got arrested. - Who? My guy. He did what you said, and then it completely blew up in his face. Whoa, whoa, wait. The whistle-blower? Yeah, well, you said he needed to get evidence out - to get a prosecution. - No, no, no, no. All I said was the justice department needed evidence. Tell me you didn't push this guy and use your mouth to inspire a felony. And you know what? Instead of sitting here accusing me of something, maybe, maybe, you could just help me out. It is in the hands of the U.S. Attorney's Office. - I'm sorry. - Oh, so what? An innocent guy can just sit there and rot in jail? "Good luck," because he knew the risk? You know what? You said it yourself. You said it was a catch-22. What was he supposed to do? Kate, there are rules that are put in place for a reason. Well, you know what? They're stupid rules! And you're doing all of... this to make it better, so make it better. This is not the time or the place for this conversation. - Go back to your stupid party. - Grow up, Kate. So first you blow the settlement negotiation, now your guy's in the slammer waiting on federal prosecution. I don't know if that gets you the keys to the city, Batman. Leave me alone. I'm not in the mood for your games right now. Oh, okay. Want to smoke a hookah? I got one in my office. Of course you do. No, I think I'm just gonna go back to that weird, sterile place I call home. Might wanna wait on that. You should know that I represent Danny now. - I heard. - So what do you want? I need the flash drive. I know Danny gave it to you. Where is it? I don't know. You know, you should put one of those, uh, big, wooden blocks on it, like they do with the gas station bathroom keys. It's intellectual property. No, it's not. You changed the test results to make your faulty engine seem safe. You get that our company is making the best airplane in the world? It's going to revolutionize the industry. By killing its passengers in midair? That is not going to happen! Well, then why are you here? We've been working around the clock for eight years to be a leader in this industry. Do you even know how many countries would kill for what we have? So then what? Screw the risks? There is no risk! Danny's got a bug up his ass because he is a scientist. They are all precious, but they don't know anything about the real world. If this information goes public, our credit will dry up and our production will shut down. Then our competitors will jump into the breach and guarantee another industry the U.S. used to be leaders in goes down the drain and for what? A manageable... - Manageable? - One in a mill! It should be zero! There is a bigger picture! Danny had the bigger picture, and you knew it! He took the real risk by telling the truth. Do you have the flash drive or not? Thanks so much for stopping by. Wow, didn't realize you were taking on a Fortune 100 company. You throw rocks at beehives too? I do when the bees piss me off. I guess technically you let your whistle-blower throw the rock, or he was the rock. Why does everybody assume that I encouraged this guy to break the law? So "fight the power," "down with the man," "do the right thing. " Those words never came out of your mouth? No, never. I... I warned this guy, you know? I... I followed the rules. I didn't tell him to do anything. But you know what, Benny? Now, I wish I would've. Because I'd rather live in a world of Dannys, who have the guts to say, "this is wrong" than in a world of Mitches who just turn their backs and look the other way to cover their ass. Well, that's all very Norma Rae, but he's going to jail now. No, he's not. Hmm. Where is it? Where'd you stash the drive? Security never found it on you, Mitch doesn't have it, so obviously, you dumped it somewhere in the Grantham Pace Offices, but where? No, you cannot go back in there, okay? If they catch you, you're gonna go to jail too. I'm gonna ask you one more time. Why? Why would you do that? Very simple. If they get there first and destroy it, you're never getting out of here. Draw me a map. - So you're gonna be here? - I promise. You sure you want to do this? Well, it's the only way Danny gets out of jail. If it doesn't look good, just turn around. It's only trespassing until you find the drive. Okay, I'm nauseous. You see, if Batman said that, like, once, I would love him so much more. You know what, Leo? [Phone dialing] If I was Batman, you would definitely be... - Nightwing. - Nightwing. You'd be nightwing. Yeah. Oh, Mitch, hi. Uh, Kate Reed here. Yeah, I have the flash drive. Oh, you want to talk? Okay, well, then let's talk. I'm sure Ben will just be a minute. Did you want anything else? I think we have some cupcakes in the kitchen. That your job around here? Sweetening things up? Actually, I'm the managing partner. Kind of like your team manager. Playing the all-stars, and motivating the under-performers, benching the losers to get results. And I think you're gonna be very happy with the result Ben worked out. Well, I do like being very happy. [Laughs] Ah, Ben, I was just telling Mr. Redmayne here that you have good news. A check and an apology. Let's have 'em. $250,000? Yes, a check for $1/4 of a million. What do you think? I think maybe you're worth your salary again. Oh... [snaps] apology. Carl, I am sorry. I am so sorry you're such a moron. What the hell are you doing? I'm sorry you think getting 10% of your money back from the thief who stole it from you is a victory. I'm sorry you're too stupid to understand that it's a sign of weakness from the other side that they even offered this. [Clears throat] Is that the, uh, kind of apology you were looking for? I've lasted plenty of games with people yelling at me, all right? - You don't frighten me. - Oh, you're right. They have been yelling at you a lot lately. Well, my record speaks for itself. Maybe four years ago, before you started drinking and not paying attention. How do you think all that money went missing in the first place? - I'm not stupid. - Really? Because if you think that $250,000 is gonna keep you in a house like yours or choppers like the ones in your garage for longer than six months, you're a bigger idiot than I thought. Nolan Ryan was 45 when he retired. 46. Let's be straight, Nolan Ryan you're not. You're a tall guy who can throw hard with above-average accuracy for two innings every four days. But I like you, Carl, so let's make a deal. I'll go to trial. If we win, I'll take the maximum percentage of my fee. 33% of everything you get, I get. If we lose, I'll pay you the $250,000. - Hey! - Out of my own pocket. You hired me to be smarter than you. This is the offer. What's it gonna be? - Where is it? - Oh, down to business. I like that. How do I know you didn't copy it? Because I don't actually have it. But it is here in this building, and I'm gonna take you to it. After you. How'd you know that would work? It's simple. I told him the truth. Oh, the truth. Like, uh, ripping up a fake check to make a point? You knew it was fake? Don't forget, I met Lydia. She was never gonna put the $250,000 back on the table. So you lied, again, and you put this firm at risk... Lauren. I've put up with your Martial Law for the past couple of days 'cause I can do go-along, get-along when I need to. Our parking spaces are next to each other. There's gonna be awkward moments in the elevator. And I appreciate your constant concern that everything go exactly the way that you want it to, but new world order... don't ever talk to me that way again. Now, before I hand it over, I need something... a trade. I'm not trading to get back stolen property. I will give you back the drive if Grantham Pace drops all charges against Danny. That's not going to happen. And now that I know it's in the building, I guarantee you I will find it before the end of the day. Except you've been looking for it ever since Danny was arrested, and you still haven't found it, and, uh, I don't know. I mean, maybe I'm leading you on a wild goose chase and it's not even here. It's not up to me. I'll see what I can do. He stashed the drive in his own office? He took a little detour on his way out the building. You know, all he had to do was get out the door with that drive, and you would be the one in jail. Well, he didn't. Why don't you just tell me where it is? Hey, what are you gonna do when that plane falls out of the sky? - It won't. - Oh. [Laughs] God, I hope not. But, you know... who's gonna take that fall when the engine disintegrates, huh? I mean, you know as much as Danny knows, right? So what's to keep them from downsizing you? Maybe I'm smarter than Danny. I don't think so. [Laughs] Do you want to know what my favorite movie is? It's The Wizard of Oz. Do you want to know why? I really don't care. Well, I'm gonna tell you anyway. It's because it's about a little girl who went looking for something that she couldn't find 'cause it was under her nose the whole time. - No! - Hey, Leo! [Laughs] Wow! That thing really flies! [Laughs] [Pounding on window] You just broke the law. I'm having you arrested. Oh, okay. Uh, 9...1...1... By the time they get here, that'll be in the hands of the Justice Department. It's been real. Well, uh, I'm sorry I couldn't get you a better severance package. [Laughs] - You did very well. - No. - Seriously, thank you. - Mmm. Gotta go. Hey. Come here. Hi. Uh, coffee and a donut. [Clears throat] Carl's case starts today, yeah? Flowers for me? Actually, they are for me. From Carl. He wants to know if I will go on a date with him. Well, you should wait till after the trial. He'll be a lot richer then. I think I'll wait till his E.R.A. goes back down. That's never gonna happen. Bingo. Uh-uh. I wouldn't put that guy on my rotisserie team. You break a leg now. And hey, I mean it. I love you too. [Scoffs] Oh, Facebook. Look, look, see? I'm being strong-armed to social network. But look at this, there's no photos. I don't have any videos. And my one friend? Look at this. It's my assistant. I mean, come on. That's not... that's not connecting, that's just a... - A time suck. - A... a time suck. A single malt, rocks please. Sure. - Yes. - Hey. I'm not joining. - Ah. - Mm-hmm. I joined. - You did? - Yes. Oh, Justin. Well, come on, I'm campaigning. - What do you want? - Oh, Justin. I live at my stepmother's. I work 24 hours a day. And I don't even buy my own groceries. I'd like a real life before I have a virtual one. Well, Danny would still be in jail if it wast for you. And I just heard that the Justice Department is launching an investigation into Grantham Pace as a result of what you did. Thank you. Just thought you should know that. You know, I don't always... matter of fact, I never... agree with your methods, but sometimes they get spectacular results. Ha ha! Yes, they do. That's something we always had in common, you know? This insane jonesing for justice. Oh, my God. - That's it. - What? That's your campaign slogan. No. "This insane jonesing for justice." - "Justin Patrick." - It's brilliant. - It's amazing. - It'll be sweeping the nation. I mean, look, if we can't sacrifice everything just to make a difference, then who can? - And that's all I want to do. - That's all I want to do. Well, cheers to that. I gotta go. You heading out? No. - I'll see you around. - Mm-hmm. Sync and corrected by atrn97g www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 