South Riding: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 South Riding 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 South Riding (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Sarah returns to spend Christmas alone in Kiplington but ends up having a pleasant day with Joe. She is anxious to get Lydia back in school and the opportunity arises when Mr. Holly persuades lonely widow Mrs. Brimsley to be his housekeeper. Carne accuses Snaith of corruption after Huggins has invited Carne to join them in buying cheap swampland to sell at a profit to the council for the housing estate. Snaith counters by suing him for slander and gets away with things when he proves that he has earmarked other land for the development, to Huggins' financial detriment. Carne falls from his horse and is killed but Midge opts to stay in Kiplington with Mrs. Beddows, rather than go away with her grandfather. With Joe leaving the area, Sarah is tempted to return to London but is persuaded to stay by Mrs. Beddows. As the Carnes' old house becomes a hospital, to which Carne's wife Muriel is transferred, Sarah is proud to see Lydia win her university scholarship. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hundreds of girls have to give up scholarships to look after children. But Holly's exceptional. We need a proper purpose-built housing estate. That parcel of land will be worth a fortune once the council have built there. Buy some! Nothing has been decided yet. Town planning will take a vote. You're going to do great things here, Sarah. Sorry. It's all right. May I ask you about your wife? You know she's in a mental home? Some of the girls were saying that I needn't give myself airs because everybody knew that Daddy was going broke. I wish life could be simpler. Yeah, so do I. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ooft! Oh! Shall I call the doctor? I'll be all right. It's happened before. Good morning, Miss, and how can I help you this morning? I wonder, could you put a call in to Mr Carne? Er, he's staying here. Mr Carne? No, as I thought. The gentleman checked out early this morning. I attended to him myself, Miss. Er, are there any messages? The name's Burton. I'll have a look for you, Miss Burton. No. No messages, Miss... I'm afraid. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, goodness me, come in, come in out of the cold. Whatever are you doing here on Christmas Eve? I came to bring you something to wish you a merry Christmas. Oh, that's very kind of you. I haven't got anything for you. You were supposed to be a hundred miles away with your sister, weren't you? Yes. I changed my mind. Oh, dear. No family quarrels, I hope? No, no. I... Well, come on through. We're just sorting out what's for us and what's for other folk. I'm sure I'll find you something. It's Miss Burton, Jim. How do? Is Midge not still here with you? Yes, she is. Well, I say yes. She's spending the morning with a friend, Jennifer, was it, or Judy? It's just that I thought she'd be back with her father for Christmas. So did I and I'm sure she will, but I haven't seen him since he left for Manchester a few days ago. Typical man! Oh. Why? What is it? Nothing... Is she alright? Has her cheek healed? I did feel awfully responsible. No harm done, I would say. And Robert didn't blame you, you know. Oh. Did he talk to you about it? He was so good at the time. PHONE RINGS Excuse me. Christmas round again? Yes. Do you like Christmas? Yes, I do. I don't. Folks staying in other folk's houses, feeling uncomfortable, not getting on, offending each other. All that unnecessary expenditure. The world's gone mad in my view. Stark staring mad. Well, there you are. That was Robert. He's just on his way round for Midge. I must go. Oh, stay. Why don't you? I'm sure he'd love to see you. No, no. I wanted to call in on Lydia Holly. Oh, right. Well, if you're going over, you can take them this ham from us. I thought it would help to see them through Christmas. That ham?! Well, there's seven of them, Jim, and only two of us, and it's not as if we don't have another in the larder. And it is Christmas, after all. And we must find something for you, too, Sarah, for being such a saint. Do you like crystallized fruits? Yes, yes, I... No... Really, you shouldn't. Of course I should, go on. We've far too many boxes and jars of this and that. Thank you very much. And a very Happy Christmas. From both of us! Give me that! I want it, I want it! No! Well, this is a pleasure, Miss Burton! Lydia, put the kettle on. Cup of tea for Miss Burton. No, really, I won't stop long. I've just came to see how you all are and bring you a few things. This lovely ham's from Mrs Beddows. Oh, look at that girls! Look at that! Er, there's a little something for all of you in there, thank you. Thank you. And this is for you, Lydia. Oh, my stars, look at that! Lydia, say thank you to Miss Burton. Thank you. There's lots of notebooks and pens and pencils for you to write poetry... And anything else that you like. It's a good strong case. I hope it'll see you through your student days and beyond. My student days? You mean when I go to Oxford, like you? Lydia. Yes, why not? You're at least as clever as I ever was. You've got to keep your dreams alive, Lydia. Don't you think I've got enough to do trying to keep my brother and sisters and myself alive? You're the one who's dreaming, Miss. Lydia. I'm sorry. I know it's hard. But you are special. She is, Mr Holly. Oh, I know that. She's one in a million is our Lyd. Well, I should be going. Let's talk about this in the New Year, yes? Happy Christmas, Lydia. Yeah. Thank you, Miss Burton. Daddy. Perfect timing. Midge has just come back from playing with one of her friends. Come on through. Have you missed me? Not a bit! Only joking! Have you missed me? No, no. Never thought about you once. Yes, you did, you fibber, I know you did. I've just been at Jenny's house. We had a super time. They're not our sort of people at all, though. Oh, aye? Do you know how they eat oranges? They just cut them in half and suck them! Do they? It makes the funniest slurping noises! Actually I quite enjoyed it. Good. I'm glad. How are you, Beddows? Struggling. I'll be days with this. I'll help you! I've got a little something for you, Robert. I'll start in the front edge there so you do t'sky... Thank you. I've got something for you an'all. That one goes in there... I, er, couldn't find anything fit to wrap it in, so... Happy Christmas. Oh, Robert. This was Muriel's. Yes. I gave it to her after Midge were born. But I want you to have it. Muriel isn't going to get any better. She's never coming home. She can't take pleasure in nice things, so best we can do is make her comfortable. Well, thank you. It's beautiful. Emma, you've enjoyed having Midge the last few days, haven't you? I mean, she's been no bother to you? Oh, not a bit of it. We've loved having her. So... If I had to go away for a bit or, God forbid, anything should ever happen to me, I could entrust her to you? Of course you could. You don't have to ask, Robert. PHONE RINGS Oh! Ah. Disappointed. I thought you were... Someone else? Erm... I saw the light, I thought you were at your sisters. I changed my mind. Well, would you like some company? Sorry, Joe. I just don't think I would be very good company tonight. Alright. Well... Merry Christmas, Sarah. Er... Is that a bottle of whisky? God forgive you, woman. It's a 12 year-old single malt. What's in the newspaper? Erm, herrings. From the lads down at the docks. Never let it be said us commie bastards don't know how to show a girl a good time! I can't think of anything better. They were good herrings! Excellent malt. Yeah, I knew there was a bit of the Scot in you somewhere. I'm glad you came. You know, you're the best friend I've made here. Tough time of year. Yes, it is rather. You always tend to think of happy times past. Is that it? Your fiance? No. No, it's just... I'm done with all that. Falling in love, it's a fool's game. Blundering around in the dark. Friendship's much better. Aye, aye. I suppose it is. And work. To work and friendship. Work and friendship. And a Merry Christmas to you, Sarah. And to you, too. KNOCK AT THE DOOR Come in. Mr Holly to see you, Miss Burton. Oh, thank you, Midge. Thank you for coming in, Mr Holly. I hope it hasn't put you to too much trouble. Hey, you've got some books here. Charles Dickens, Somerset Maugham. I loved my books when I was a little lad. I was a proper little scholard, I was. But economic circumstances brutally curtailed my education, otherwise my life story would have been a very different one, Miss Burton. I'm sure it would. And that's why we must find a way to stop it happening to Lydia. She's a clever girl is Lyd. Takes after me. Oh, I almost forgot. This is for you. Oh, thank you. Barm cake. Home made. Lydia. It's not up to her mother's yet, but she's coming along. She's like a proper little housewife these days. But she could do so much more. If we could find a way of getting Lydia back to school, I'm sure she could get a scholarship for university. Oxford or Cambridge, even. Wouldn't that be wonderful? Aye, it would. Yes. I dare say I could have myself, if things had gone the right way. Do you know I could recite the Wreck of the Hesperus from start to finish, not a word out of place? I think I still could. "It was the schooner Hesperus that sailed the wintry sea." Mr Holly. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, that was your boy for poetry. But why couldn't I have written poetry? It was always in me. It's still in me now. I'm sure it is, but we're thinking of Lydia now, not you. Aye, we are. Can't you think of anyone who might be persuaded to come and help you at home so that Lydia could return to school? No. I don't think I can. Just this one and we're all done. It's very good of you to get this all drawn up so quickly, Drew. Least I could do with your life insurance burning a hole in your pocket. Now it's just Town Planning we've to wait on. Yeah, but not for long, eh? I mean, the vote's coming up. So, I mean, that's when prices will rocket, eh? Should do, should do. Providing Mr Carne doesn't cause too much bother. But one man can't stand in the way of progress like this, Drew. He may be going bust but he's very well respected. He could still spoil it for the rest of us. You'll just have to hope for the best, Alfred, hmm? Little beauty, isn't he? I wish we could keep him. Yeah, so do I. I wish a lot of things. It's all right, Daddy. I know Mummy isn't ever going to come home. But it's all right, just us. Isn't it? Who's this? Alderman Huggins. Good afternoon! Afternoon. Ah. Lovely little creature. Beauty comes in many forms. I, er, wanted a private word, if you've got a moment? All right, take him back. Right, sir. You go up to the house. Now, I know we haven't always been on the same side but I've always liked you, Carne. And, well, I've come to ask you to drop your opposition to the housing scheme. Why would I do that? Because a new estate's in everybody's best interest. I mean, what's the good of being on the council if you can't make things better for folk? And between you and me, I think it'd be to your advantage, too. How d'you work that out? Well, if you were to buy up some land on the Wastes, you know, I think it'd solve all your problems for good. I mean, I've got it on good authority that the new estate's being built there, so anybody with land there can only make money. Whose authority? Never mind. You mean Snaith? All I can tell you is that I'm sure enough about this that I've got 32 acres for myself. So you want me to act against my principles so that you and your friends can make a profit on a bit of land speculation? Not at all! This is a grand scheme whether we profit by it or not! Look, I've just come round here to do you a favour, so come on, what do you think? What do I think? I think you, Snaith, Drew, all your friends, you're nothing but a bunch of criminals. Now, you can't take that tone with me! Yeah? We'll see what tone South Riding Press take when I tell them about it, eh? You can't do that! This conversation was confidential! Get off my land before I throw you in the horse pond. You understand? You've got it all wrong. You've misunderstood me. Oh, Lord! Educate your children well, said Plato. And they will grow up with rightly and nobly ordered minds and characters. Now, this is a good example of what I mean. The modern school is light and airy with large windows and good ventilation. Here, as you watch English youngsters engaged in a wide range of physical and intellectual activities, you may conclude, as I do... How do you manage it, Mr Carne? We've all been kept back after class and you seem to have escaped again. Come and sit down, you haven't missed much. Miss Burton's just been showing us the error of our ways. Oh, I doubt Miss Burton knows the half of it. Robert? For God's sake, man. Don't start. Not again. What do you think's going on here, Astell? Would building a future be too simple for you? Is that what you think? Serving the people. Is that what you think's happening here? Well, isn't that what we all want? Then you're a fool, Astell. Though I believe you to be an honest one. But there's people in this room whose only interest is lining their own pockets at the public's expense. You should be careful what you say, Mr Carne. Those are very serious allegations. Aye, and I've got good grounds for them. Oh, for pity's sake, Robert. Say no more. I know you've been quietly buying up land on the Wastes for months, pushing up the price bit by bit. And then you'll vote for Astell's estate to be built there and the ordinary people of the South Riding, they'll have to pay a pretty penny for ground that was just worthless swamp a few months ago, won't they? It's people like you, Snaith, that make politics a dirty game. And you, Mr Carne, have made a very big mistake. I got it from your friend, Huggins, here. He invited me to join your scheme. I never said that! You've got it all wrong, Carne! Have I? I don't think so. You're nothing but a bunch of crooks! Mr Carne? You have accused me of corruption in front of witnesses. That is slander and I shall sue you for it. I shall prove in court that I own no land on the Wastes and never did own any land there. I shall demand punitive damages for this gross slur upon my character, and I will get them. If you are not a ruined man already, Mr Carne, then you will be by the time I've finished with you. You can do what you damn well like. I'm done with the lot of you. The dictators are acting on that knowledge. Can the democracy afford to fall behind? Should they, even if they could? Oh, Lord! Who would have thought that would have happened? Yes. Quite lively! You were as cool as a cucumber. Are you sure we're alright? Quite sure. Poor Carne, I feel quite sorry for him. I don't. He were very rude to me. Oh, dear. Was he? I were only trying to do him a favour. I'm sure you were. People are so quick to misinterpret one's motives. I sometimes wonder why any of us venture into politics. Well, to make things better for our fellow men. Oh, yes, of course. That must be it. Come on. There we go! Here... Don't forget to hold their hand on that road. Have a good day. Bye! Bye! Dad, this is yours. Thanks. BABY CRIES Thanks, love. Lennie, alright, alright, ey, ey, ey. Give us a smile, then. Eh, lads, look at that for a vision of loveliness. None of your impudence! Off to town, is it? Like a bit of company? Quite happy on my own, thank you, Mr Holly. A lovely lady like you should never be alone! Oh, hold the bus for us! No. Whoa! Hold on! Mrs Brimsley! Hello. I haven't got any curd tarts with me, if that's what you're after. I'm not after curd tarts. That'll be a first. How's that lass of yours coping? She's too young, Missus, and that's the short of it. Aye, she is. I'm sorry for her loss. And for yours. So how're you getting on now that your lads have left home? All that baking and no mouths to feed? Oh, I manage. It must get a bit lonely now and then. What's your game? What's this about? Well, everyone gets lonely now and then, don't they? Sorry about that. No-one hurt? Just sit tight while we clear this lot. Ey, where you going? You heard the man. You're to sit tight. You just, you just rest, rest against me. You're a cheeky monkey, you are. If my boys could see me now. They're not here are they? You're shameless. But you're comfy enough where you are, aren't you? Seems I don't have a choice. The thing is, Mrs Brimsley, we're all at sea. And we need someone to come and take charge of us so that Lydia can go back to school. And I think you need a bit of looking after an all. And I'm the man to do it. Oh, you are, are you? I am. If you'll let me. He's demanding £10,000. I haven't got that kind of money! No. I imagine not. Can we fight it? No, Robert, we can't. Alderman Snaith's case is unarguable. Can you raise a mortgage on Maythorpe? Lydia! Lydia! Lydia! Leave me alone. I'm in the middle of a good bit. It's Dad, he's got a lady with him! Lydia, come down and say how do to Mrs Brimsley! Hello, dear. Your father's told me all about you, about how clever you are and how well you've been managing. You can take up your scholarship again because Mrs Brimsley says she's going to come and look after t'little uns. What do you say about that then, eh? Give her a bit of time, Jessie, eh? She'll come round. In't your brother a good boy? Is he always this good? Sometimes. Does he cry a lot? Eh, this is a bit of alright, isn't it, eh? What do you say? Thanks. This is the best curd tart in South Riding by miles! And this is the kindest hearted woman in Yorkshire! Oh, give over! Oh, by the way, I don't think your Lydia's too happy. She'll just have her nose in a book, that's all. Lydia? It's all right up here, in'it? Ah, best view in Yorkshire. I wonder I never tried it before. So what is it, then, Lyd? Have you taken against Mrs Brimsley? Dad, we were all right the way we were. Aye, you did a right good job of looking after the little ones. But it weren't fair on you, it were robbing you of your scholarship. I didn't mind that. Well, I did, and Miss Burton did, and your mother would have too, and she were that proud of you getting into high school and doing so well. I thought you'd forgotten about her. Lydia! How could I ever do that? Your Ma was my dear darling, she was my first and only love. But I'm not the sort of man who could go about in mourning for the rest of my life, with a long face and black armband. I'm not that man. I know! Lyd, it's just not in me. But I swear to you that nobody could ever take your mother's place in my heart. Do you? Do you truly? I do. See, it's just like a new chapter in our lives. It don't mean we forget about our past. And you're going to make us so proud of you, and your mother's going to be watching from up there and she's going to be saying to the angels, she'll be saying, that's my Lydia down there, such a clever girl. She takes after her dad, you know! And the angels'll be saying, aye, Barnabas Holly, ah, we always hoped he'd make more of hissen. A Prime Minister, maybe. But his daughter, ah, his daughter's going to fulfil his hopes and his dreams. One hundredfold! Oh, shut up, you. So you're all right about it, then? Case of like it or lump it, ain't it? Might as well make up me mind... to like it. That's my girl! It's one of the shortest poems I know. It was written over 400 years ago and yet it still feels so fresh today. Some people say the first two lines don't have anything to do with the last two. What do you think? "Oh, Western wind, when wilt thou blow, "that the small rain down can rain? "Christ, that my love were in my bed "and I in his arms again." Miss, that's not quite right. Isn't it? No, in the book it's, "Christ, that my love were in my arms and I in my bed again." Oh, yes, so it is. Like, in the book you can't tell if it's a man or a woman talking, but the way you said it, it's definitely a woman talking. Yes, yes, you're quite right. How silly of me, oh, dear. You're blushing, Miss. KNOCK AT THE DOOR Well, none of us like to make mistakes. Come in. One of the governors to see you, Miss Burton. Right. Er, this shouldn't take too long, why don't you wait outside, make some notes on the poem and we'll talk about it afterwards. It's you. Is this a bad moment? Well, you could have made an appointment. No, it's all right. What did you want? I thought you'd like to know that I'm going to be stepping down as one of the governors. I'm about to be bankrupted, so I thought I'd go before I was pushed. I dare say you won't be sorry to see the back of me. How can you say that? Because you're against everything I stand for. Of course I am, but that doesn't matter! I'm not against you. I don't see the difference. Yes, you do, don't pretend to be more pigheaded than you really are. Why haven't you been near me since Manchester? I was worried about you. You could have been dead, for all I knew. Why have you been avoiding me? I could ask the same of you. Were you hoping I'd run after you? No. I assumed you were as embarrassed as I was about the whole episode. So I embarrass you, do I? I didn't say that. I suppose you think I'm some cheap little tart, but believe me, I don't make a habit of sleeping with men in hotel rooms. I'm sure you don't. Then what? For God's sake, woman! I embarrassed myself! To take advantage of you, put you in a compromising situation, then collapse on you like a broken down nag? I don't think of you as a cheap little tart. You're a remarkable woman. But I assumed what you wanted that night was a man, not just a washed-up wreck! Oh, God! Men! It's all got to be about your virility, hasn't it? I didn't want a man, I wanted you! And we were together. I thought we were. And afterwards, apart from knowing you were all right, all I wanted was some sort of acknowledgment that it did mean something, that it wasn't some grubby little episode to be forgotten about as soon as possible. Clearly you see things differently. Sometimes I think men and women must be two completely different species. Yeah, I think you could be right. And now I've embarrassed and humiliated myself all over again. I'd like you to go now, please. So you don't think less of me for what happened? You stupid man. Of course not. Will you please just go? It did mean something to me, Sarah. Just go, please! Awful, awful! Come on! At least I didn't tell him I'm in love with him. Stand. Stand. It's all right. It's all right. He will come back. He always comes back. Don't you worry, Miss. I'll wager he'll be home come tea time. Thank you, Hicks. I'm so sorry to burst in like this. But there's some dreadful news for poor Midge Carne. Is it her mother? No, it isn't. Back to your class, Lydia. What is it? It's her father. It's Robert Carne. There's been an accident. His horse was found on the beach this morning. I don't know how I'm going to tell the poor girl. They were so attached, the two of them. No, no, no! You need to find him! You need to bring him back! Until a body is recovered, we shan't be able to proceed with probate, but I wanted to see you because of the child. Mr Carne made a new will quite recently, naming you as Midge's legal guardian in the event of his death. Were you aware of that? No. He asked me, informally, in a friendly kind of way, if I'd look after Midge if anything happened. And, of course, I said I'd be glad to. Good, good. Erm, had you spoken with him recently? Of course. We see each... We saw each other almost every day. And he seemed his usual self? Not... depressed or agitated? Not at all. He was worried about money and a little vexed with some of his fellow councillors, but... Oh, no. You can't think that... He wouldn't do a thing like that! How do? Sorry. At least you came. Well, you have to, don't you? Now, I wonder if you gentlemen will help settle an argument between my friend and me? You know all the tides and currents. Man goes over the cliff at Maythorpe. How long till his body washes up and where will it be? This is unbearable. Three days, likely. Well south of where he went in. Leame Estuary, somewhere like that. There you are, what did I say? He'd have shown well before now if he was going to. This that chap Carne who went over, horse and all? That's the man. And I think we'll find he doubled his life insurance before he went out. Shall we go? Yes. You don't think he killed himself, do you? I can't say. Sarah, I can't. How can we know what's going on in another person's mind? How can you know that he hadn't simply just had enough? No, you don't understand. I have to believe it was an accident, that he was thinking about the future. Because I can't bear to think that he'd given up on life. Well, I'm afraid I can't help you there. If you want my advice, you're the one who ought to be thinking about the future. The first conversation I had with you, you were still mourning a man who'd been dead for nearly 20 years. And now you're setting yourself up to spend the rest of your life mourning for another one. You have to live the life that's there to be lived. Bad things happen, life goes on. Sarah, I'm leaving Kiplington. I've had enough of the sewage farms and the small politics. No, not you as well. You're the only thing that could make me stay. Well, do. Do stay. Do stay! You don't understand. There are bigger things out there in the world and I want to be part of them. Now, if I had a chance with you, to be more than just a friend... Och, damn it, woman. You must know I'm in love with you? All right. I understand. So... I'm going to London. There's real work for me to do there. I can't see another war coming and do nothing about it. If you ever change your mind... You keep away from that edge now. BABY CRIES Mrs Carne? Muriel? I'm Emma Beddows, a good friend of your husband's. I've got some very sad news. Robert was killed in a riding accident. Robert? Yes, Robert. Your husband. Am I coming home now? Man that is born of a woman hath but a short time to live and is full of misery. He cometh up and is cut down like a flower. Not much cutting down required, from what I hear. What do you mean? I mean this is consecrated ground. Would you bury him in consecrated ground in your own church? You're not saying...? That's exactly what he's saying. Excuse me? So say it. Out loud, if that's what you think. Would you rather whisper behind your hand? I think the rector... You think he'd leave his daughter? Do you think he'd abandon the woman he loved for years, even...? That's not the man I knew. And no, I won't excuse you. You obviously knew him very well, Miss Burton. Yes, I did. And I'm not ashamed to say it. Please. Thou knowest, Lord, the secrets of our hearts. Shut not thy merciful ears to our prayer. But spare us, Lord most holy. Suffer us not at our last hour. For any pains of death to fall from thee. For as much as it hath pleased Almighty God of his great mercy. To take unto himself the soul of our dear brother here departed. We therefore commit his body to the ground. Steady! 'Earth to earth.' Steady, boy! 'Ashes to ashes.' Steady! 'Dust to dust. 'In sure and certain hope of the resurrection to eternal life. 'Through our Lord, Jesus Christ.' Amen. Amen. Are you all right? I beg your pardon? Do you have everything you want? There's some bits and bobs, if you're hungry. Would you be Mrs Beddows, by any chance? Yes. And you are? Sedgmire. Oh, we didn't think you'd come. Why wouldn't I come? I want to see my granddaughter. Do you? After all this time. Better late than never. And do you think she'll want to see you? Why don't we find out? So you're Midge. You're very like your mother was at your age. Thank you. Now... Your father appointed Mrs Beddows your legal guardian but I want you to come and live with me. My nephew and his wife are at the castle now. More to the point, they have a girl a little younger than you. We haven't sent her to school yet. She's had governesses. We're thinking of a finishing school in France or Switzerland. You could go together. Or you could stay here with me. She's at a very good school here, you know? She's happy there and she's doing really rather well. It might not be a good idea to disrupt her life at this stage. Her life's already been disrupted. Shall we ask the girl? Would you prefer to stay here or come to Shropshire? Oh... Come and live with you, Grandfather. Now that Daddy's dead, there's nothing to keep me here. So be it, then. I assume you won't go to law about it? No. No. If that's what Midge wants. Good. Elsie! Have you seen Miss Burton? I don't think she came back to the house. Where's Miss Burton? Oh, she's not here, Mrs Beddows. She's catching the train to London. Although she did leave this letter for the Chair of the Governors. Give it to me. Where's Lydia Holly? She should be in room four, Mrs Beddows. WHISTLE BLOWS Is this the London train? It is. When's it due out? Two minutes. Did you see Miss Burton get on, Percy? Next carriage down. You wait there. You'll be the death of me, young lady! Oh! Wait a minute, Percy! Well, I must say, I never had you down as a bolter. No, I am not a bolter. So what's all this, then? How can I stay here with the whole town laughing at me? I'm not fit to be a head teacher. It'll die down. You're not the first woman to embarrass herself in public. I could tell you of the time my knickers fell down when I was presenting the prizes at the brass band festival. I don't know what came over me. It's been going on for weeks, I just had to bear it, but when they were gossiping over his grave... He didn't kill himself, I know he didn't. Sarah, I heard the gossip, too, and it hurt me just as much as it hurt you. I don't want to believe he killed himself either but I can't overlook he changed his will before he died and left Midge for me to look after. It doesn't really matter. I loved him just the same. Probably more than was good for me. And Jim. No, you don't understand. He didn't kill himself. He was ill. Oh, nonsense! He never had a day's illness in his life. Yes. He collapsed with a heart attack when he was with me... With me in Manchester. I didn't know. He didn't tell me. I wish he'd told me. I'm sorry. Well, at least you know that much. WHISTLE BLOWS Not yet, Percy! Put that down! Right. We'd better get off this train before we both end up in London. No, I can't. Why? Because you've been disappointed in love? Join the queue. When you came here six months ago, you blew your horn pretty loud. You were full of plans for what you could do for our girls. You can't leave now because your heart's been broken. You'll find another head teacher. She won't. No, that's not fair! No, it's not. You made a big song and dance about the waste if she had to leave. Are you going to leave her in the lurch now? And all the other girls whose lives you could change? Now that would be a waste, wouldn't it? I know you're unhappy, but running away won't make you any happier. All right, Percy, we're getting out! Oh, Mr Drew. Councillor Huggins. How are you? Very well. Good luck. HE BANGS GAVEL Ladies and gentlemen of the press, I am now in a position to announce the decision of the Town Planning Committee with regard to the new housing estate. After long deliberation, we have decided on Schedule B. No! Schedule B, that's the Cold Harbour site. That is the decision of the committee, Councillor Huggins. That's impossible! That's impossible! I assure you, Councillor Huggins, that the vote, a unanimous one, as it turned out, has chosen Schedule B. The overriding reason being that recent land speculation has forced up land values on Leame Ferry Wastes so that a compulsory council purchase would be a very bad bargain. This is an historic day for the South Riding, and a vindication of the theory of public-private partnership. APPLAUSE No doubt you're pleased with the outcome, Mrs Beddows. It's hard to feel pleased about anything just now, Mr Snaith. Yes. Very sad. Very sad. However, the council may have an opportunity to acquire Maythorpe. The house and grounds could be converted into a municipal care home for mental incurables. We might even name it after Carne. The Robert Carne Memorial Hospital. That's got a good ring to it, don't you think? Excuse me, Mr Snaith. I'm not sure he's at home, sir. I'll ask if he can see you. Oh, he'll see me or I'll want to know the reason why! I'm sorry, sir. It's all right, Christie. What can I do for you, Huggins? You can damn well explain yourself! You've ruined me! My dear man, I don't understand. You told me the new estate would be on the Wastes! It was always going to be built on the cheapest site. Anything else would be irresponsible. But I sold my life insurance to buy 32 acres. Did you? Course I did, man! Did you think I'm so slow I wouldn't take your tip? To do what? Defraud the County Council? That was never my intention. The thing about corruption is that it nearly always comes out in the end. You should know that. I'm not corrupt. I'm a good man! I've always done what's best for the people. I've never been in it for myself! I was in a bit of a spot and I thought you might help me out! And what a mess you got yourself into. I suppose, with the benefit of hindsight, we could have all seen it coming. Couldn't we, Edgar? Never mind bloody Edgar! Why did you do it? Why did you lend me £500 when you thought it might all go wrong? The £500 was for your daughter. Wait a minute. You'll be all right, won't you? You've got that little railway down at Cold Harbour. That's what you wanted all along, wasn't it? Yes, it's funny how things turn out, isn't it? You slimy bastard! HE CHOKES Oh, Lord, have mercy on us miserable sinners! Aagh! HE GASPS Oh, Lord, I'm sorry! Not quite the evening we had in mind, is it, Edgar? To those of you who are leaving, you will find the world a lot more complicated than it looks. There will be unexpected delights as well as setbacks. As you get older, you know fewer things for certain. Not more. PAPER IS TORN Things will happen to you that you didn't expect. Things that challenge everything you thought you knew. Don't be afraid of that. We all have to make mistakes. The trick is to learn from them. You've heard me say before, question everything. Question yourselves, question authority. But open your eyes, your ears and... your hearts, too. You can learn things from the most unexpected people. People you might not think could teach you anything. That's a lesson we all must learn. Above all, enjoy your lives and live to the full. Please, don't ever be afraid. The future belongs to you. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd E-mail subtitling@bbc.co.uk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 