South Riding: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 South Riding 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 South Riding (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Lydia's mother dies,giving birth to a stillborn baby, and her father has to take her out of school to look after her brothers and sisters. Bessy's boyfriend Reg puts the screws on Huggins ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 It's a very plain school. You won't find many high flyers here. If you have high expectations then the girls will respond to them. This is really something. This is blackmail. How do I know the child's mine? We need a proper purpose-built housing estate. We're in a depression. We shouldn't be building anything. The families in the shacks can't afford to wait. Mam! I've fallen for another baby. GUNSHOT Was the horse insured? No. I've persuaded Robert Carne to send his daughter to school here. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He's brought her up more or less single handed. No mother? No. Will you promise to always be there and catch me? Yes, I will. Hello, Muriel. This programme contains scenes which some viewers may find disturbing. Lydia? What are you still doing here? Erm, doing my homework, Miss. Is it all right? I mean, there's not much room at home and it's too noisy. Can you come to my office, please? Here. That should fit you better. Go on, take it. Hope you don't mind second hand, it's hardly been worn. No, Miss. Thank you, Miss. Now listen, you can do your homework here in the office, after school if you like. Give you some extra tutoring. I'm usually here till six anyway. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I don't need extra tutoring, Miss. I'm as clever as any of 'em. I know you are, Lydia. You're exceptional. Who knows? With some work, you could try for Oxford one day. Miss Burton, could I have a word? Yes. Off you go, Lydia. Thank you, Miss. What is it? It's about Midge Carne. It was such fun at school today, Daddy. Me and Nancy and Maud have formed a secret society, and I'm the secretary of it. It's called the Anti-Siggs Society. And what's a siggs? Miss Sigglesthwaite, of course. She's dreadful. We all rag her frightfully. Poor woman. There's always one that can't keep order, isn't there? And what does Miss Burton do about that? Oh, she comes and gives us all a frightful telling off. She strikes terror in our very hearts. Does she now? What, and you, you don't mind that then? Oh, no, we all worship her. It's funny, everything's sort of changed since that night she stayed at Maythorpe. It's as if by wearing my things she's put a spell on them and made things different for me. Do you think I'm mad? No. Sometimes I think I'm a bit mad. Well, you're not. You should never think that, Midge, all right? All right, Daddy. Whatever you say. Stand. Good afternoon, Mr Carne. Hello, Drew. What can I do for you? I've been sent to value the property, Mr Carne. Maythorpe's not for sale. I'm sorry, Mr Carne - this is a little awkward for me. I'm acting on instructions from the bank. I thought you would have known. Good afternoon, Miss. Good afternoon. You go inside, Midge. I'm afraid I didn't quite catch your name. My name is Gaius Drew, Miss Carne. And will you be staying for tea, Mr Drew? I don't think so, young lady. It's very kind of you, but I need to get back to the office by six. Well, do carry on. Thank you, Miss Carne. Daddy... why did Mr Drew need to value the house and everything? Because it's mortgaged to the bank. I don't really understand mortgages. Well, the bank lends us money against the security of the house. If we can't make the mortgage payments, then they can take the house from us. And is that going to happen? No, not if I can help it. But if Mr Drew was here, that means they must be thinking of it, doesn't it? Yes, it does. But that's dreadful! Come here, come here now. Come on. Listen, Midge, if that did happen, it wouldn't be the end of the world. This house is far too big just for the two of us, and we could live just as easy in one of the cottages. No! No! We mustn't lose the house! Come on. It needs to be here, with everything in it, just as it is, for when Mummy comes home! Midge! Don't you see? No, you listen to me now. Don't you see? Midge! I think you've known for a long time that Mrs Carne will not recover. Most women do get over puerperal insanity, of course, and quite quickly, but in Mrs Carne's case, given her family history, I'm afraid all we're doing is keeping her from harm. And the treatment you're paying for isn't helping at all. She really should never have had a child. So what's to become of her? I mean, I can't bring her home, not with my daughter there. No, no, that wouldn't be safe. Are you sure you wouldn't reconsider your local County Mental Hospital? No, not an asylum. I've visited those places and it's not for my wife. Is there anywhere else? Not in the South Riding, I'm afraid. The only other place I can think of which might be suitable is in Manchester. It might just be worth a look. And until then? We'll look after her, of course. Don't worry about the fees. Shall we say until the New Year? Thank you. Your devotion has been her one good fortune, Mr Carne. Robert! Oh, Lord! You should have said you were coming home. What a bore! Well, I suppose you'd better join us. The more the merrier. No, thanks. Robert, don't be a stick! Who is this chap? It's the husband. I say! Get out. I'm sorry, what? Get out of my house, damn you, unless you want a thrashing! Absolutely, old boy. We'll be off now, best thing. No! You're my guests. Mu, best thing. Come on. I forbid you to go. Quite understandable. Man wants a bit of peace and quiet. How dare you speak to my friends like that? I'll speak any damn way I like in my own house. Good God! I come back from the front to find my wife... What, what? What? Am I not allowed to have a moment's pleasure just because you're fighting your silly old war? I've known Reggie and Hubert since we were children. You are beastly and vulgar and I hate you! Come here. No. Come here, I said. I won't. Then I'll make you. Don't you dare! You're my wife! No, Robert! You're mine. No! You're mine. Robert! You can't have me now! No, Robert, Robert. Robert, you're not listening to me! Do you hear me, Robert? I haven't got my thing in. I mustn't have a child. Please stop. I haven't got my thing in. No! No! Robert. It's a little girl. They're both doing well. You can go in and see her now. SCRAMS She's a bit upset, Robert. But you're not to worry - it often takes them like that. What do you mean? Go in and comfort her, she needs you. No! No! No! No! No! I don't want to touch it, I don't want to see it! Take it away, take it away, take it away, take it away! Muriel. Everything's all right now. Is it time to go home now? No, not yet, my love. It's not quite yet. Miss Sigglesthwaite has complained to me about your behaviour over the last few days. It wasn't just me. No, I'm sure it wasn't. But I suspect that you were the ringleader, weren't you? You must see that when you make sport of someone like Miss Sigglesthwaite, you're being very unkind. I don't think you are unkind. Are you? Right. You can apologise to Miss Sigglesthwaite, and if there's no repetition of this sort of silliness, we'll pretend it never happened, shall we? What is it, Midge? Is there something else bothering you? Come on, Midge. Some of the girls were saying horrid things about Daddy. Maisie Featherstone said I needn't give myself airs because everybody knew that Daddy was going broke, and all of Maythorpe would be sold, and all the furniture and everything, and that we'd have to go to the workhouse. And it's true, it's true! Calm down, calm down, calm down. It's all right! Calm down now. There now. It is true. I know it is. Listen, it's a difficult time for all farmers at the moment but no-one goes to the workhouse any more. Now, dry your eyes and stop imagining things. I've spoken to Midge Carne. She won't be any more trouble. But I don't think Midge is the real problem, is she? Miss Sigglesthwaite, are you entirely happy with the Lower Fourth? Because I'm concerned that none of them will get through their Junior Certificate. Quite likely. Miss Holmes realised it was useless to start science before the Fifth. Miss Holmes was rather set in her ways. We have some talented girls here and I don't want to let them down. I realise you would like to be rid of me. No, it isn't that at all, but I must think of the girls. I would like you to consider taking early retirement. Not immediately, of course. You must have time to make arrangements. You have a sister in Scarborough, I believe? Shall we say the end of term? Right, I'm off out. See what's to be said about this new estate. Will they have running water inside, Dad, these new houses? We've got everything we need just here, Lyd. Oh, yeah, height of luxury is this. Gertie, give us hand. You all right, love? Erm, just a bit tired is all. I might not be back until late. I'll be all right. Just don't go talking us out of a nice new house, eh? With a new estate we'll be able to get rid of the Shacks for good. We could make the whole of Europe sit up and take notice. We'll get the best modern architects. You know, they're doing extraordinary things in France and Germany, with Corbusier and the Bauhaus. We can have all of that here, something like this. There's nowt wrong with the Shacks. Me and my family are very happy there. It's best sea views in t'county. Nothing has decided yet. Town Planning will take a vote when we've heard what you've all got to say. I'd be happy if they burnt the whole lot to the ground. I don't care where they put me, as long as I've got a flush toilet. All the houses on the new estate will have flush toilets and an indoor bath. I've nothing against decent sanitation. I just don't think this is the time to be spending public money on fancy architecture. It's not about architecture, it's about jobs and homes. And schools. Miss Burton, wouldn't Kiplington High benefit from a few new buildings? Absolutely. The current buildings are a total disgrace. We desperately need a new girls' high school, built for the purpose. The boys have had one for years - why should they have it all their own way? Miss Burton, with all due respect, you remind me of a bad workman who blames his tools. Your predecessor, who was headmistress for 25 years, found those buildings perfectly satisfactory. You've been here five minutes and you want us to build a new school already. I can hardly believe my ears. Mr Chairman, I really must pr... No. No. Thank you, Miss Burton. Now, without wishing to associate myself with all of Mr Carne's remarks, I do feel that discussion about a new girls' school is somewhat premature. Mr Astell, perhaps a summary of your notion to drain the Wastes would help allay fears about escalating costs. Yes, indeed. The costs to the rate payer will be surprisingly low, but they can apply immediately for a grant. Most of the costs will be shouldered by the Government. Sorry. I rather let you in for that one. Can I buy you a cup of tea or something? Oh, God, I'd rather have a proper drink. Well, pubs round here are a wee bit rough. Good. That's the way I like them. Hi, Joe. Hello, Joe. All right. Mickey. What'll you have? Whisky Mac, thanks. A Whisky Mac, and a pint of bitter. Aye, y'are. They all know you, don't they? Aye. I like to think of this as my constituency. You're hardly a local inhabitant. What brought you all the way down here? I came down here from Glasgow to organise the trawlermen, doing my bit for the revolution. But I found my lungs weren't up for all the open-air meetings after a bit. So you went into a different sort of politics. That's it. Changing things, small steps, bit by bit. You start off hoping for a global revolution and end up being pleased with a sewage farm. But no, I get things done. You know, it's amazing what a war wound will do. Even Robert Carne can't touch me. When he starts in on his "socialist parasites" I just cough in my sleeve and he pipes down. That is shocking. Well, if it gets the people round here what they need, I'm not proud. I thought I'd won Mr Carne round but he really savaged me tonight, didn't he? He's the past and you're the future, and he knows it. He knows things have got to change. And with this new housing scheme, by God they will! You don't need to be scared of Robert Carne. You can do great things here, Sarah. Sorry. That's all right. Cheers. Slainte. ♪ I am a donkey driver and the best one on the line ♪ There is no other donkey that can come up to mine... ♪ Will you shut up? ♪ I've travelled all over England... ♪ Come on lads, sing up, it makes the work go sweeter. Yeah, what work have you been doing? You miserable buggers! Right. Who's hungry? Ey up. Yes, please. I've got bacon cakes and pork pies. A penny each for bacon cakes, tuppence for a pork pie. Right, here you are love. Mrs Brimsley, you are an angel from heaven. It's just what we need. I'd be down on my knees on this road proposing to you if I didn't have a wife at home. That wouldn't happen to be a batch of your famous curd tarts there now, would it? It might. Ah, I thought it might be. They're tuppence. Eh? I've only got a penny. Shame. Go on then, give it us tomorrow. Oh, thank you. Oh, it's ambrosia. Food of the Gods. By 'eck, that's delicious, that. Bliss were it in that dawn to be alive. Right, I'm ready for anything now. Give us a kiss before you go. I will not. You should be ashamed of yourself. And you a married man. I can't help meself, Mrs B, you're such a stunner. Cheeky beggar. ♪ So shout boys hurrah cos troubles are but few ♪ There's no donkey on the line can stop Jerusalem come through. ♪ Shut up! Oh, Lord. Why, it's Mr Huggins! Shush!! Bessy, shush. I am sorry about the other day, Mr Huggins. Reg were very harsh wi' yer. No, Bessy, I deserved those harsh words. And I know that I've sinned in the eyes of the Lord, but he must understand, I haven't got £500, and I've no way of getting it. I'd like to help you, Bessy, Lord knows I would. I know you would, Mr Huggins. You're very good. Look, Bessy, I've got this for you. There's £50 there. Now, I swear that's all I can manage. Oh, you shouldn't have, Mr Huggins! You're a good girl, Bessy. You deserve every penny of it. I hope that you and Reg will be very happy. Thank you, Mr Huggins. What? No, I can't, Bessy. I shouldn't be seen with you. Well, come inside then and have a cup of tea. Seems a shame to go now as you come so far to see me. Come on. There's nobody home but me. Oh, God forgive me. Come on then. Lydia! Lydia! Lydia! All right, all right. Give us a minute. Mam? Ey, shush, shush, shush. HE WAILS Where's our mam, Lenny? Gertie, where's Mother? I don't know, Lyd. She were here before. Mother! Mother! Look after t'little 'uns for me. Mother! Mother! Mother! Mother! Mother, what's happened? I'm all right, Lyd. I tumbled is all. You'll have to get somebody. Mum! Mum! Mother! Come on! Help! Somebody help! Help!! Bessy! Bessy, quick! Oh, hang on! Mum! Help me quick! Come on, don't be upsetting your mother. Mum! Now get back to t' house and get some fresh bedding on. Go on, lass. You an' all, Bessy, take her home. I'll carry yer mam. OK, love, don't worry. Come on. OK, we've got you. Come on, we've got you now. Come on. Come on, straight through. OK, coming through. Mind the way. Come on, now, you're OK. You're back home now. Lydia! You're back home. OK, I'll go straight and get the doctor, eh? Bessy'll stay with you, all right? Yeah, course I will. Come on, love. Come on, you're all right. Mum! Lydia. You need to come away. Lydia, please. No, she's bleeding buckets. Come on, love. Doc's on his way, don't worry. Come on, good girl, good girl, good girl. Come on. That's done. Can you take that outside and bury it? There's nothing more I can do, I'm afraid. She's lost too much blood. Oh, Mother. It were a terrible business, Nellie, terrible. And that poor lass, she'll have to be mother to 'em all now. I mean, they're not bad folk, but you should see the way they have to live. I just did what I could to help. It was lucky I were passing by, really. Yes. How was it you happened to be passing by, exactly? Oh, well, it was to do with the new estate, about re-housing some of those families. Council business. Oh, right. Council business. BELL RINGS I'll go. Oh, hello, Reg. What can I do for you? This is not a good time, you know. You know what you can do for me - give me £500. I hope you don't think I'm as soft as Bessy is. I've told you, I haven't got £500. How am I going to get £500? Mmm. I don't know. Shall I come in and we can talk it over with your missus? No, no, wait, wait! Just let me think. You're just going to have to give me more time. It's a lot of money, is this. 48 hours. I'll be back, Mr Huggins. Oh, Lord. This is horrible, Dad. If I can sacrifice my pride, love, so can you. We've had nothing from the Council before, apart from your scholarship. That wasn't charity. I won that for being clever. Aye, you did, but now we can't afford for you to keep it. How much longer? BABY WAILS Ladies and gentlemen, I've never asked for anything before. I work all the hours I can get at any work I can find. And now my wife's passed away, there's no-one to look after the little 'uns except our Lydia here, and she's a scholarship girl at the grammar school. All I'm asking is a bit of money to pay a woman to come and look after little 'uns while our Lydia's at school. Are we to understand that you will suffer no loss of income due to your wife's death? You will still able to feed your children? No-one will starve? That's not it, sir. My daughter's dreams are being trampled into the mud, sir. All right, Mr Holly, we understand, and we sympathise. But the purpose of the Poor Relief Committee is to relieve acute and immediate hardship. Do you not think we could make an exception in this case? I don't see how we can. It would open the floodgates. Quite right. Mr Holly, we deeply sympathise with your situation. However, it is not within the remit of this committee to offer you financial assistance at this time. Come on, Dad, I told you it wouldn't be any use. Lydia! Lydia! What? Lennie wants changing! All right, Gertie, I've only got one pair of hands. Come on, he's soaking. All right! Just give us a minute! I can't do everything at once. Lydia, I just came to say how sorry I am. Mr Astell told me about your mother. Yeah, well... How are you coping? All right. Look, you don't have to worry about me. We do, though - we miss you. I mean, of course you'll need time to sort yourself out. You know we'll keep your scholarship open for you, so as soon as you're able to come back... I, er, I brought you this. Here. There's some wonderful poems in there. I put book marks by some of my favourites. A book of poems? How am I going to find time to read poems? Here, this is what I do now, all day every day. Do you get it? But you will come back, and when you do you'll be ready. Come back? I'll never be able to come back. So you can just take your book away wi'yer, Miss, I'm finished with all that now. Poems? You can keep 'em, all right? Just go away! Lydia... Go away and leave me alone! Lydia Holly has had to leave school to look after her family. The Poor Relief Committee refuse to do anything to help. Yes, I was on that committee, as it happens. We can only offer help in cases of extreme hardship. This IS extreme hardship. It's mental cruelty, condemning that girl to a life of drudgery. Oh, come on, now. Hundreds of girls have to give up scholarships to look after children. What happens when the next girl's mother dies? But Lydia Holly's exceptional. I can't bear to think of her throwing herself away. She's taking her mother's place, not throwing herself away. Have you seen the Shacks? Yes, I've seen the Shacks. She deserves better than that. Well, I'm sorry. It's a shame, and very bad luck on the girl, but it's not the end of the world, you know. I thought you were on my side. I am on your side. I've spent a lot of time defending you to other people. Now if you'll take my advice, you'll tread a little more carefully in future. A Mr Huggins, sir. Well, well, Edgar, company. This is a surprise, Mr Huggins. You look cold, come and sit by the fire. Thank you. I do hope I'm not intruding. Not at all, not at all. You look chilled to the bone. I've cycled over from Pidsea Buttock. Pidsea Buttock - fancy that. Edgar's mother came from Pidsea Buttock, didn't she, Edgar? Oh, yeah? Yes. Matilda, a sweet little torty, though she could be quite spiteful when the mood took her. Was there anything in particular you wanted to see me about? No... Well, yes. I'm very worried. That's the top and bottom of it. Oh, I'm sorry. Family all right? You know my daughter Freda? She married that young fellow Armstrong. You might recall him. They've gotten into debt. Oh, dear. How much? 500. £500, Edgar. They're building a cinema next to his shop, and it'll double the value of the premises if they could just hold on. But the bank are going to foreclose on them, and they're going to lose everything. £500 is a lot of money. Three years ago, I would have had it. Two years ago I could have raised it. But you know how business has been now, it's so slow. We're all hanging on by the skin of our teeth. I mean, I just don't know what to do, Mr Snaith. I might just be able to help you. I don't like to see young people struggle, and I'm sure you'd be able to pay me back. That's very kind. I-I don't know how to thank you. There's no need to thank me. It's as you say, if they can just hold on then the value of their business is sure to rise. It's always the way with property. It's like that parcel of land on the Wastes that the new estate's going to be built on. Going for a song now, worth a fortune once the Council build there, as it seems they will. It's like the parable of the talents, isn't it, Mr Huggins? God rewards those who invest their talents wisely. Would you like a drink? Oh, no, you're teetotal, aren't you? Chin-chin. What you bringing us all down here for, Mr Huggins? All will become clear, Bessy. He's probably got a scheme to murder us and bury us under mud flats, Bess. Oh, no! That's a terrible thing to say. You'd never do that, would you, Mr Huggins? I'm looking to do you both a bit of good, not harm. So what's all this? That's the new housing estate, Reg. Or it will be. This land's going for a song at the moment, but it will be worth a fortune when the new estate's built. You could put your 500 into a few acres here and double your money when the Council approves the scheme. What I heard, they haven't decided on where it's to be yet. It's here, Reg. I've got it on good authority. The Good Lord himself has put this opportunity in our way, Reg, and it's our duty to take advantage of it. It's like the parable of the talents. And the Good Lord rewards those who invest their talents wisely. When the scheme goes through, you'll have a thousand, and you can give me my 500 back. How does that seem to you? Look at this. What is it? A stickleback. Stigglefeet... Stiggleback... Sigglesback! THEY LAUGH It's a bony little creature. Never been known to mate! Recognised by the cry of, 'Girls, girls, girls'. I dare you to do one, Midge. I'll get in trouble. ALL: She's scared, she's scared. I'm not scared, I'm not scared, but Miss Burton's... Oh, Miss Burton! I'm not scared of Miss Burton. Girls! Morning, girls! You do it! You're scared! SHE MOUTHS I'm not scared! Midge, do one. Sigg, sigg, sigg, sigg, sigg, sigg... Girls, girls, girls! Is this your work? Yes, Miss Sigglesback. GIRLS GIGGLE How dare you? Sigglesthwaite! I'm sorry, I didn't mean it. It just came out. Stand up! GIRLS GIGGLE How dare you? How dare you persecute someone who has never done you any harm? Just because your father's a school governor you think you can do anything you like! Sorry, Miss Sigglesback. GIRLS LAUGH You laugh now? You dare to laugh at me? You little beast! Miss Burton, I have come to offer my resignation. I wish to leave immediately. I hope this won't inconvenience you too much. Oh! I've just assaulted one of the girls - Midge Carne. I struck her with a ruler and cut her cheek open. You...hit Midge Carne? Yes. I wanted to kill her. Of course, I have accepted her resignation. She wasn't in a fit state to be in charge of a class of lively schoolgirls. It really was all my fault, Daddy. I dare say it was. I've heard the way you talk about the poor woman. I think girls are worse than boys sometimes, don't you? Least said, soonest mended then. You'll live. Up to your room. I blame myself. There were warning signs weeks ago and I ignored them. I had no idea she was so near to the edge. Nor did she, probably. I'm sure you did your best. It's very good of you to take it like this. I must say I was very apprehensive. Why? Am I such a monster? We haven't exactly hit it off so far. No, we haven't. But I appreciate what you've done for Midge. And I must say she thinks the world of you. Will you stay for a drink? Whisky? No, it's a bit early for me, thank you. Nonsense. Right. Has Midge always been, er...excitable? Yes, she has. Takes after her mother. May I ask how long ago Mrs Carne died? She isn't dead. She's...just not here, that's all. I'm so sorry. I've intruded on your privacy. No, it's not your fault, it's just something I don't care to talk about. I dare say, if you've had any sadness in your life, you'll understand how it is. I do. DOOR OPENS Oh... Oh, Miss Burton, I didn't expect to find you here. I brought Midge back. There was an accident at the school. Oh. She's fine. Nothing to worry about. Are you all right? You look all in. I've been at Yarrold, visiting. Let me get you a pick-me-up, eh? Well, I shall be going. Not on my account? No, no, no, things to do. Here, let me. Bye. Hello, Mr Huggins! Oh... Oh! All well? You look well. Aye, couldn't be better, Mr Huggins. Bit surprised to see you in here, though. I had you down for a total abstainer. Keith, mine's a ginger ale. What's the matter with you, man? You got that land all right? Aye. Good man. Just hang on a while, when you sell it you can give me my money back. Sold it already, Mr Huggins. You sold it already? You just bought it! Man from Kingsport offered 750 for it, so I let him have it. Must be off his head. Easy money, like you said. So, my 500? Aye, very kind of you to give us that, started us off. We'll call the baby Alfred in tribute. What you having, darling? Port and lemon, please, love. Port and lemon, double whisky, Keith. ♪ Hail the heaven-born Prince of peace ♪ Hail the son of righteousness ♪ Light and life to all he brings ♪ Risen with healing in his wings ♪ Mild he lays his glory by ♪ Born that man no more may die ♪ Born to raise the sons of Earth ♪ Born to give them second birth ♪ Hark the Herald Angels sing ♪ Glory to the new-born King. ♪ Excuse me, excuse me. Excuse me. Drew! Dre... Drew! ..Merry Christmas! Drew! Drew! Drew, is it true that the marshlands down on the Wastes are fetching £100 an acre now? Perfectly true. I own ten acres down there myself. It's an insalubrious morass, but if the Council do decide to build on it... I turned down £1,000 for it only last week. Good God. Buy some. Quickest profit you'll ever make. But can I do that? Being on the Council? Well, I'm on the Council, but we're not on Town Planning, not like Carne or Snaith. We can't vote on whether estate goes through, can we? No more for me! Happy Christmas, Sarah! Oh, thank you. Cheers! I do love a good carol service. It does your heart good to open your lungs from time to time. I'm glad you enjoyed it. What are you doing for Christmas? I'm spending it in Bradford with my sister and her family. I thought I'd stop in Manchester for some Christmas shopping on the way. Ah, well, get something nice for yourself as well. You deserve it. You've made a good start of pulling our school into the 20th century. ..No thank you, love. And the Governors are quite pleased with you and pleased with ourselves for giving you the appointment, aren't we, Joe? No, I wouldn't go that far. Oh, go on! Well, I must be getting along, and so must you. Yes. Enjoy your Christmas...and don't eat too much pudding! Oh, I won't. Happy Christmas! Oh, that's lovely. We have them in Cool Ice as well. Oh, no, I think I like this shade best. What do you call it? We call it New Dawn, Madam. It's my favourite too. Are they for you, or is it a present? A present for my sister. Would you like me to gift wrap them for you? Yes, thank you. Thank you. Ground floor. Excuse me. Oh! Sorry. Are you all right there? Do you want a hand? Thank you. Don't worry about it. Whatever are you doing here? Hello. Um, I'm on my way to my sister's. Christmas shopping. Let me give you a hand. Thanks. So, are you staying here? Yes, just for tonight. So am I. Right. Would you care for a drink or are you in a rush? No, I'm not in a rush. I'd love to have a drink, thanks. So what are you doing in Manchester? I may have to look for a job here. And leave Maythorpe? I might not have a choice. I'm so sorry. It's been the family place for 300 years. Still, I've only myself to blame. I'm sorry, it's just... a bloody awful day. Seeing you has been the first good thing about it. Let's talk about something else, shall we? Could I ask you... about your wife? What do you want to know? Well, how did you meet? Might have been better for both of us if we'd never met. But I couldn't help it. It was a country-house weekend, you know. Chap said to me, "You're good with horses, you look after Muriel," and that were it. Head over heels, the moment I saw her. And she fell in love with you too. And it turned out she was Lord Sedgmire's daughter. Family wouldn't have it, so we eloped. How romantic! Yes, it was. You know she's in a mental home, I suppose. No, I didn't. How long? Quite soon after Midge was born. Still in love with her, you know. Yes, I think I did know. It must be very hard for you. It's my own fault. I ruined her life. I'm quite sure you didn't. Are you eating here tonight? Er, yeah, I suppose so. Would you like to have dinner with me? I thought you'd have had enough of me by now. No, not at all. I need to get changed. Shall we say 7.30? 7.30 it is. ♪ The very thought of you ♪ And I forget to do ♪ The little ordinary... ♪ Oh, you know. Paris, Biarritz. Monte Carlo, Baden-Baden, Vienna, all the usual places. Not usual for me! No, not for me, either, but she loved to travel you know, she were restless, she always wanted to be somewhere else. But you must have loved some of those places. Hungary. I could have lived there. They're wonderful people... simple, honest, reckless. And they love to ride, they were great horsemen, loved their horses. Like you? Yeah, like me. I grew up with horses, but I never learnt to ride, not properly. I could teach you. If you weren't moving away. I wish life could be simpler. Yeah, so do I. By God, I do. SONG ENDS, CROWD APPLAUDS NEW SONG BEGINS I can dance, though. Would you like to dance? Well, it's been a long time since I tried. Shall we? SHE LAUGHS NEW SONG BEGINS SHE LAUGHS SLOW SONG BEGINS # No summer bird upon a wing ♪ Shall in our hearts so sweetly sing ♪ That lovelorn story ♪ Whatever hearts may desire ♪ Whatever life may send ♪ This is a tale that never will tire ♪ This is a song without end ♪ Love is the strongest thing ♪ The oldest yet, the latest thing ♪ I only hope that fate may bring ♪ Love's story to you. ♪ That's all from us, folks, for tonight. Goodnight and Happy Christmas. Well, I suppose that's the end. It doesn't have to be. Do you mean that? I know it can't lead to anything. Let's just have tonight. Should I come to your room? KNOCK ON DOOR Come in. Hello. I ran up the stairs. Didn't want to risk that bloody lift man! Come in. It's freezing. What is it? What's wrong? Nothing, I'll be all right. Oh, God! Oh! God! What is it? Oh, God! Shall I get you a brandy? I need amyl nitrate, it's in my room, it's in my pocket, in my coat, waistcoat pocket. What's your room number? I'll be all right, I'll go myself in a minute. Don't be... Aaah! Aaggh!! Oh, God! Where's your key? HE GASPS What do I do? HE INHALES Another. Another. HE COUGHS It's all right now. What else can I do? No, nothing. Shall I call the doctor? No! I'll be all right. It's happened before. Just don't leave me on my own. No, of course I won't. Here, lie down. Lie down. I'm such a bloody fool. Such a bloody fool. What time is it? Just a minute. Half past five. I'd best be moving. Please don't. No, I'll be all right now. It's over. I know this game. Goodnight, thank you. I probably won't see you in the morning. Do promise me you'll call the doctor if you feel ill again. Yes, I promise. Thank you. SHE SOBS Get off my land before I throw you in the horse pond. That is slander and I shall sue you for it. Muriel. You're a cheeky monkey, you are. So you don't think less of me for what happened? Stupid man. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd. Email subtitling@bbc.co.uk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 