South Riding: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 South Riding 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 South Riding (2011–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 Blacksmith's daughter Sarah Burton returns to her native Yorkshire, after twenty years' teaching in London and South Africa, for an interview to be head mistress of Kiplington Girls' School. Her idealism impresses kindly Alderwoman Mrs. Beddows and socialist Joe Astell but dour farmer Robert Carne opposes her eventual appointment. He has a withdrawn young daughter Midge, whom Mrs. Beddows persuades him to enroll at Sarah's school. After an awkward first day Midge comes to like Sarah and is befriended by Lydia Holly, a very bright girl who lives in the Shacks, a shanty town Joe is hoping to clear in order to build a modern housing estate for the residents. Councillor Anthony Snaith supports him but tells Joe that Carne is against them. Sarah seeks help in modernising the school building from another councillor, Huggins, a hypocritical lay preacher who is about to be forced to pay money to Bessy, a girl he has impregnated. Despite his initial antipathy, Carne comes to respect Sarah after she has helped him deliver a calf when her car runs out of petrol near his farm. The next day he goes to visit his wife Muriel in an institution. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Synch and correct by JustFuckingShit or teftel www.addic7ed.com, twitter.com/JustFuckingSlut Whoa. Come on! Miss Torrence? Would you step in please? Wait a minute! Hold tight! Running away from landlord, is it? Not exactly. Miss Slaker? Whoa, there, there. Miss Dry. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sorry! Oh! Sorry, sorry I'm late. Have I missed much? In for the finish I suppose. You've had Empire experience I see. Yes, in the Transvaal, and then in Cape Town. A wonderful experience. And eight years at South London United school? Yes. The last three as deputy head. You see, some people call this the last town in England, though we don't think so of course, but Kiplington High is a very plain school. You won't find many high flyers here. Well, I believe if you have high expectations then the girls will respond to them. I want my school to be excellent and I won't settle for anything less. Your school? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The school I'm headmistress of. If you're appointed. Yes, of course. If I'm appointed. All the same I'm not sure you know what you're in for, coming to the South Riding from London. Actually, I do. I am a local girl, I was born here. At Lipton Hunter. Lipton Hunter? There was a blacksmith called Burton at Lipton Hunter. Yes, he was my father. He didn't set much store by education but my mother did and I was lucky enough to have some excellent teachers who encouraged me to be the very best that I could be. And that's what I want to do for every single girl in my school... whatever her background. If I'm appointed, of course. What do you intend to teach your pupils, Miss Burton? Apart from the usual curriculum that is? I want my girls to know that they can do anything, that they don't have to repeat the mistakes the previous generation made. Specifically? Blindly sending their sons off to be killed in their millions, without thought, without question. I'm determined that the girls I teach will not be the wives and mothers of the next generation of cannon fodder. Cannon fodder? I led some of the best men I've known at the Somme and they gave their lives so that you could sit there and spout your socialist clap trap! I wasn't questioning their bravery, I was merely... Lets move on...shall we? Mr Huggins? Miss Burton, wouldn't you agree that the greatest calling for any young woman is to become a wife and mother? No, I would not. Not necessarily. But I do know that the wives and mothers of today and tomorrow are going to have to know as much as they possibly can about the world they're living in. I mean, this is 1934! The world's changing. The future is going to be very different and it is our responsibility to prepare these girls to meet it! Well... that's what I think any road. She's appalling, I don't even know why you're considering her. Because she was the only candidate who had a notion of what the future might look like. And, and you don't have a monopoly on the war, Mr Carne. I don't claim to Mr Astell. Glad to hear it. Good God, man, do you not recognise a real bright spark when you see one? I recognise a half-baked Bolshevist when I see one! Gentlemen please. Mr Huggins? I thought she was very lively, very, very, erm... I mean she'd stir things up a bit, wouldn't she? But do we want that? Well, there's not one other candidate who had an ounce of her ability or her determination and I think we should take a chance on her. I move we put it to the vote. Very well. All those in favour of appointing Miss Sarah Burton? Is that a vote in favour, Mr Huggins? Aye, it is. I'm sorry, Robert. She's a local lass and I liked her. Ahh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh, dear! How's Midge getting on with that new tutor? He's handed his notice in. To be frank I'm at my wit's end. She should be at school, you know, not rattling round a big house on her own. Good schools cost money. And besides, Midge is a special case isn't she? Why doesn't he come? Why doesn't he come? He's had an accident and he's dead and they'll bring him home on the milk float all dead and broken. No, don't think that, don't think it! He'll come. He'll come, he'll come soon. What if he doesn't?! Mummy! Mummy! It wasn't my fault was it? It wasn't, was it Mummy? It was my fault. It was, it was, it was all my fault! I'll bring you back. I'll bring you back Mummy! I'll bring you back Mummy! Hello darling! Mummy's here! Midge! Oh, no, that's not right! Midge! It's all wrong! Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! Hey, hey, it's all right! It's all right. I'm sorry Daddy, I'm sorry! I'm sorry, I'm sorry! Daddy's here. You're all right now, eh. Hey. Better now? Mmm. Listen. You've got nothing to be sorry about. Understand? Do you miss Mummy terribly? I do, pet. Come on, we can dance up here. It's much nicer to be away from all those horrid people. Come on, Robert. ♪ Let me put my arms about you ♪ I don't want to live without you ♪ Oh, you beautiful doll you great big beautiful doll ♪ If you ever leave me how my heart will ache... ♪ You won't ever leave me will you? No, I won't ever leave you. Hey, come away from the edge. Come and join me. Look it's freezing up here. Hadn't we better go back to the others? I don't want to go back to the others! Don't you see? I don't want to go back to them ever! Muriel! How far d'you think I could lean before I went over the edge? For God's sake! If you want me... ..come and get me! Muriel, promise me you'll never do anything like that again. I'm sorry. I'm not sure I can promise that, actually. I do these things... I can't help myself. Will you promise to always be there and catch me? Yes, I will. I will. 'I will.' She was expecting me earlier, you know. She gets herself worked up. She spends far too much time on her own, Robert. I know that. But what can I do? Why not give Kiplington High a try? Kiplington High! You're not serious are you? Why shouldn't I be? It's local. It's affordable. I know Muriel talked of Cheltenham, but times are hard. Come on, Robert, what's the matter with it? Not good enough for Lord Sedgmire's granddaughter? Or is it just because you took against that little firecracker we've just appointed? Her father was a drunk. Lamed a good horse of mine. She was right about the war though, wasn't she? None of us want that to happen again. No of course not, Emma. I just don't care for the woman, you know, she's not my idea of a headmistress. Miss Burton? Staking out your territory I see. It's not really up to scratch is it, the science lab. It's totally outdated! Darwin may have felt at home here, but really, it won't do for us. I know. But... one thing at a time. It's the quality of the teaching, it's the inspiration you can give the girls, that's what counts, isn't it? But that's what I mean. I mean, we need modern facilities. They need workbenches with sinks and Bunsen burners so they can try things themselves, not just sit and watch. This sends the girls a message that they're not valued. And have you seen the lavatories? They're appalling... they're overrun with black beetle! I mean I must have something done about them before autumn term starts. Can I give you a bit of advice? Don't try to change everything at once. Rome wasn't built in a day. Now, I've got something to tell you. I've persuaded Robert Carne to send his daughter to school here, next term. I have to warn you, she's very highly strung. He's brought her up more or less single-handed... she's had governesses and tutors but none of them really stuck. No mother? No. She ought to be with girls her own age... but I warn you, I doubt it'll be easy for her, or you! She's Lord Sedgmire's granddaughter, you know! Should I feel honoured? No, no, I'm just saying it could be tricky. Now. Are you busy tonight? Well, I was... Because if you aren't, I wondered if you'd like to sample a bit of local entertainment. Madame Hubbard's Dancing School are putting on a gala evening in aid of charity. A lot of your pupils will be performing. And some of the governors will be there. A chance for you to meet us with our hair down. Good evening, Miss Burton. Hello. Ah thank you. Did you not bring a cushion with you? Could be in for a long night. Out again Alfred? It's the Lord's work, Nellie, the Lord's work. ♪ Hurrah! Hooray ♪ We welcome you today ♪ Oh, we are so glad to meet you ♪ How cheerfully we greet you ♪ We'll do our best to please you ♪ Soothe you, cheer you ♪ Love you, tease you... ♪ ♪ Tease you, tease you, tease you ♪ Some of us are rather haughty ♪ Some of us, rather naughty! ♪ Naughty, naughty, naughty ♪ Never mind old Mrs Grundy ♪ We have jokes for all and sundry ♪ And we hope before you go ♪ You'll find you like our show... ♪ 'In the place of dragons will be reeds and rushes.' And the parched ground will become a pool. ♪ You'll like our show! ♪ In the place of dragons. What has that to do with us, I see you asking yourselves. There are no dragons here, not in South Riding! Plenty of sheep, plenty of cattle. But we see no dragons. But oh, my friends, there are dragons here. Dragons of misery, of poverty. Of filth, of squalor. Do you know the rural slum they call the Shacks? Filthy hovels where they sleep as many as six in a bed. Oh, here be dragons indeed! Young women driven into vice. Men... into drunken beastliness. We must work to make this a better place. A place the Lord can look down upon and smile. A place of beauty, a place of peace, a place of love. Better sanitation, better schools, new dwellings. And we can have all these this... and with God's help. We will! Good night, all. Good night. Mr Huggins. I thought you were better than minister! Oh, Mrs Oldroyd, you mustn't say that! Thank you. Good night, good night, thank you. Good night, good night. Most interesting, Mr Huggins. You might like to know that Mr Astell has been trying to interest me in a scheme to replace the Shacks. If you'd like to come back for a bite I could tell you about it. Oh... that's very kind of you. But unfortunately, I promised a poor soul a visit... perhaps another evening? Oh, well, there's no hurry. Well, don't let me keep you from God's work. Thank you. Goodnight, Mr Snaith. God bless you. ♪ I've had my eye on you, oh ♪ A long, long time ♪ Yes, I know you have ♪ I've sighed my sigh for you, oh ♪ A long, long time ♪ Oh, do behave yourself ♪ You know I'd die for you ♪ Oh, yes, I know ♪ So why do I do? ♪ But before I do ♪ I want to get, get ♪ Get, get ♪ More than my eye on you... ♪ Oh! Oh! Oh, that was terrible! This must never happen again, Betsy! Come on, Mr Huggins, you're always like this just after. It wasn't meant to happen! Oh, Lord I'm a miserable sinner! And I've led you into sin with me, Bessy. You really shouldn't take on like that, Mr Huggins, I were at it a long time before I met you! You're a good girl, Bessy. I'm not a very good girl. No, at heart, you're a very good girl. That's for you. Go and get yourself something nice. And this must be the last time! We must pray to the Lord to help us withstand temptation. All right, Mr Huggins. Night then! Goodnight, Bessy. And God... God bless you! What's this? Grand Patriotic Finale. ♪ Keep the home fire's burning ♪ while the hearts are yearning ♪ Though the lads are far away ♪ They dream of home It would be obscene if it weren't so ridiculous. I suppose they're just kids, they've no idea what they're singing about. ♪ Through the dark clouds shining ♪ Turn the dark clouds inside out ♪ Till the boys come home ♪ There's a silver lining ♪ Through the dark clouds shining ALL BEGIN TO SING # Turn the dark clouds inside out ♪ Till the boys come home ♪ Turn the dark clouds inside out ♪ Till the boys ♪ Come home. ♪ APPLAUSE AND CHEERING Tell me if I'm intruding. No, no. It's fine, I'm fine. It's ridiculous that I let it get to me like that. I don't usually... It's just being back here where... Hearing those stupid songs again. Did you lose somebody? Yes. Yes, my fiance. Roy. Carbery was his name. Sorry. It's all right. Have you got a fag by any chance? No, no. Don't smoke. Right. No. Oh, here. Sorry. He was the love of my life. I mean there have been men since, obviously but, none of them meant anything... or not much. Sorry. I can't believe I'm telling you all this, I hardly know you. Don't worry. I don't betray confidences. I was very young. I think now if I'd married Roy, I'd never have had a career. Could I have settled for being a wife and mother, even loving him so much? I don't know. What about you... were you in the war? Yes, yes, I was. And as you can see, I survived, more or less. Didn't think I would... I was gassed. You could say I was one of the lucky ones. Millions weren't so lucky. No. Millions weren't. But all the more reason for us to try to make the world a better place, don't you think? Yes. Yes, I do. 'I know a bank where the wild thyme blows, 'Where oxlips and the nodding violet grows, 'Quite over-canopied with luscious woodbine, 'With sweet musk roses and with eglan...Eglantyne.' Lydia! Now just look at it, man. My dear Astell, I know they're an eyesore, but was there any need to rub my. nose in it? How else do I get you to take notice? Good afternoon. Do you actually want an epidemic? Because that's exactly what you're going to get unless we do something about it this year. I have been taking notice, the whole place is clearly insanitary. And clearance has always been council policy. Clearance is only half of it. We need a proper purpose built housing... Whoa! Estates, houses for families. Schools. Maybe even a cottage hospital. Well, I agree with you. Put it before Council on Wednesday week. You agree with me? You never agree with me. Lydia! You misjudge me Mr Astell. We are in a slump and I believe the way out of it is through investment in public works. I was merely waiting for the timing to be right. You mean you've found a way to profit by it. Mr Astell, I hope you don't think I would ever do anything improper! Lydia! Lydia! Lydia, are you in there? What? What are you doing? What do you think? Have you got a book in there? No. You've got five minutes. And then I need you. Afternoon. Afternoon. What strange, squalid lives these people lead. I could have gone to High School, you know. It's me our Lydia gets her brains from. Mental arithmetic, singing, recitations... Lars Porsena of Closium, by the nine Gods he swore, That the great House of Tarquin should suffer wrong no more! Tea please. I had it all off when I was nine years old. By the nine Gods he swore it, and named a trysting day, and bade his messengers ride forth. BOTH: East and west and south and north, his messengers ride fast. And tower and town and cottage have heard the trumpet's blast! There you are you see! Takes after your Dad. You see, children, economic circumstances prevented me from developing my talents in a proper academic institution, but our Lydia shall be the bearer of the torch of learning! Your Dad were ever a good talker, I'll say that for him. Lydia, will you take kids out after for half an hour. Your ma and I want some time to ourselves. Mam? It's all right, love. You go along like a good lass. Come on, hurry up wi' these then. There are two possible sites for an estate to replace the Shacks. The most obvious one is Cold Harbour, however, there's also Leame Ferry Wastes. Is the Wastes suitable for building on? No, no, not at all. Entirely unsuitable. Surprisingly it is. We'd have to drain it but the land would still be much cheaper than Cold Harbour. Much cheaper. The last parcel of land I sold down there only fetched thirty pounds an acre. Well, if this option doesn't cost an arm and a leg. I don't believe this. We shouldn't be building anything anywhere, not with the economy in the state it's in. The families in the Shacks can't afford to wait, Mr Carne. People could die while we're waiting for things to look up. He's right Robert. It's an absolute disgrace down there. Might I suggest that as this is a scheme which benefits the people of the South Riding, we see what they make of it? Whether they want it or not they can't afford it. But if you look around you, you will see that the way out of a depression is through bold spending on public works. Look at what President Roosevelt is doing with the New Deal in America, look at what Chancellor Hitler's doing in Germany. I don't think we need to take lessons from the Germans. I understand there's some strong feelings about this, but I think what's needed is transparency. I propose we inform our constituents of our plans, outline the respective pros and cons of both sites, with a view to taking a firm decision in the new year. All those in favour? Erm, was that wise? Wouldn't it have been better just to push on through? Perhaps. But I don't like unpleasantness. Anyway it's my belief that Mr Carne will be voted off the council at the next election. Thank you Robert. Everything will be much easier then. ♪ Great Father of glory ♪ Pure Father of light ♪ Thine angels adore thee ♪ All veiling their sight ♪ All laud we would render ♪ O help us to see ♪ 'Tis only the splendour ♪ Of light hideth thee. ♪ Good morning, girls. ALL: Good morning, Miss Burton. I'm delighted to see that you've learnt my name already and I hope I shall have learnt all of yours by the end of the Autumn term. Now, I'd like to extend a special welcome to the first years, who are new to the school, like me, I hope you'll have a very happy time here, achieve some wonderful things, and make me proud of you. I'd also like to welcome two new girls to the Lower Fourth. Lydia Holly, who won a scholarship here three years ago, but has only just been able to take it up, and Midge Carne, who has been privately educated. I know your teachers and the older girls will do everything they can to make you feel at home, but if you ever want to share a problem my door is always open. Little shrimp, isn't she? Big goggles. And the other one - look at her little baby socks. She's from the Shacks, my dad says they're like animals there. You see this? Smells of dead girls. Think on. Come on, I'll look after you. Thank you, I shan't require looking after. LYDIA LAUGHS Suit yourself. Hicks! Over here! Here's the stallion I were telling you about. Real class here. Go over anything you want him to. And you could breed from him. If he's that good I wonder you're selling him, Carne. What will you take for him? 150 guineas. A bit steep. He'll fetch 200 in the autumn sales. Well, let's see how he goes today. Come on. That's better. Well done... Who can tell me... Please, Miss, I know! I know! Spoilt for choice! I want you to answer the questions that are right on the board. All right? Is everyone clear? LAUGHTER Girls! Girls! Girls, sit down! Sit down! Sit down! Such a beautiful day. I've decided to change the afternoon timetable. We're going to have a game of hare and hounds on the cliffs. However, if I hear any more noise from this classroom, you will be spending the afternoon sitting in silence learning the periodic table. Do I make myself clear? GIRLS: Yes, Miss Burton. CLEARS HER THROAT GIRLS: Yes, Miss Burton! Good. Thank you, Miss Sigglesthwaite. Miss Burton, may I come and talk to you? Of course, after class. No! Now! You said, if we had a problem. Please. Sit down. I can't bear it. I can't bear being here, I hate it. You've hardly given it much of a chance yet. I told you! I can't bear it! I want to leave! Is it the lessons? Are you finding them too difficult? No, of course not. You haven't made any friends yet? Friends! I wouldn't want to be friends with a lot of grocers' daughters. If you got to know them, you might find some agreeable. They don't find me very agreeable, they think I'm a stuck-up snob. Weren't any of them friendly? That other new girl, for instance, she said she'd look after me, how dare she? I never said I wanted looked after, certainly not by her! She's a wild animal! Do you know what she did? She held up her fist in a girl's face and said it smelt of dead girls! Did she really? She sounds like a very good person to have on one's side. I wouldn't be friends with her if she was the last girl on Earth! I don't want to be in this horrible school... Control yourself. I won't, I won't! Midge, calm down. I'll tear it up... Midge, control! Don't touch me! Don't touch me, I don't want it. Here. I don't want it. Here. You've had a rotten day, haven't you? Listen... starting a new school can be horrible, I know that. I should be very sorry if you wanted to leave before you'd given it a PROPER try. It's my first term here and I'm trying to make a good impression. I'd like to feel we're good enough even for Lord Sedgmire's granddaughter. All right. You'll stay? I can see it would look very bad for you if my father were to remove me from the school after just one day. I wouldn't want to put you in an embarrassing position. That's very considerate of you, Midge. That's quite all right. Thank you for talking to me, Miss Burton. I shan't take up any more of your time. Have you seen the hares, Miss Burton? If I had, I wouldn't tell you. GIRLS: Aw! But you can see the trail, off you go! GIRLS GIGGLE AND SQUEAL HUNTERS CALL AND SHOUT Wire! Wire! Hicks, pull up! HORSE NEIGHS HORSE WHINES Oh! I'll take it. Oh! What are all these children doing here? Get rid of them! Go now! Go on! Easy boy. He's broke his back. Give me the gun. When I find out who put that wire up without marking it... There you go, sir. Easy boy. GUN CLICKS GUNSHOT, GIRLS SCREAM Calm down, it's all right, calm down! These things...happen! Calm down! Was the horse insured? No, it wasn't. Pity. These things happen, calm down. Calm down! Who's in charge here? I am. You. Get these girls out of here! That's what I'm trying to do! They could have been killed running wild like that. This is private property, you should seek permission. Do you seek permission to chase your foxes all over other people's land? I don't think so. Oh, and it's you that seems to have come to grief! You're supposed to be educating, not... They're absolutely fine! You're not fit to be in charge of children! Midge! You come with me! Come on! (Bloody man!) (Bloody woman.) Come on! 'It wasn't Miss Burton's fault, Daddy, not really!' We'd had a super afternoon till then. You're angry because poor Sheba had to be shot. I don't care for the woman. You would if you got to know her. I don't intend to. No, Daddy, you mustn't take me away! I really like it there and Miss Burton's lovely. Elsie! Midge is a bit over excited. Would you make her some hot milk or something. Bit much was it? No, no, it wasn't, it wasn't! No, no, I'm sorry. I'm going to have to ask for your patience again. I can pay them both together next quarter. I'm sorry. Thank you. PHONE RECEIVER CLICKS HE GROANS HE SIGHS Hello. Lydia, isn't it? Lydia Holly? What are you doing out of your classroom? Miss Masters said I was to come and see you, Miss. For what reason? Fighting she said, Miss. But it weren't proper fighting. This girl made a remark about folk in the Shacks, so I grabbed her by the collar, but I didn't hit her, I just showed her my fist. And then she started yellin' an cryin' and sayin' I were clatterin' her. So Miss Masters said I was to come see you. I haven't got time to deal with this now, come with me. I'm teaching the upper fifth poetry. Come on! You can sit in at the back. I remember the first time Out of a bush in the darkness A nightingale's piercing cries and gurgles Startled the depths of my soul I remember the scream of a rabbit as I went through a wood at midnight I remember the heifer in her heat Blorting and blorting through the hours Persistent and irrepressible I remember my first terror hearing the howl of weird, amorous cats... GIRLS LAUGH He's talking about all the things that thrilled him, frightened him, inspired him, moved him. And he's not afraid of saying how he really feels. Now, you all have a go. Just begin "I remember". Please, Miss Burton. Yes, Vera. You mean you want us to write a poem ourselves? We've never done that, Miss Burton. Well, it's high time that you did. You know, DH Lawrence was just a miner's son from Nottingham, he was just writing about what he saw and felt, why shouldn't a farmer's daughter from Yorkshire do exactly the same? Now, close your eyes. See what comes to you. And remember, poetry doesn't have to rhyme. You too, Lydia, can someone lend her a pen and a piece of paper, please? Mr Carne! Whoa. Good boy. All right, Hicks? I'm all right, Mr Carne. What is it? Beast man's poorly again. Doctor says his calving days are over. How's that little Jersey doing? That's just it. About ready to calf, I'd say. Shall you hire another beast man, Mr Carne? No, we can't afford it. We can't even afford the vet until I've paid his bills. Just do it myself till things look up. Walk on. You see, you can do it after all. How you getting on, Lydia? Miss, I haven't finished! Oh, you're not the tidiest writer in the world, are you? Everyone says that. CLEARS HER THROAT This is really something, Lydia! Is this you, not something you've read and remembered? No, Miss, like you said. Right, would you like to read it out to the class? No, Miss, they'd laugh. They would not laugh. Come on. Share it with us. This one day I'd got up before anyone Went up on't roof with my book And something made me look up And there he was Staring at me A young Todd fox Full grown, the cheek of him He wasn't scared His eyes said look at me I'm all fox, me, I'm perfect I'm the fancy-man fox and I bet you wish you were me I could see the dewdrops on his whiskers He was so bright His eyes said look at me I'm more alive than you I do what I like and no-one stops me But I felt alive too I could feel my heart bumping and something tight in my throat And I wanted to pull up my skirts and dance for him Or something daft like that But what happened was we just looked at each other like that And then he turned and trotted away And I could see the dark marks in the grass where he'd put his feet... That's as far as I got, Miss, I was going to put something about how I felt when he'd gone. Thank you, Lydia. Shall we all give her a clap? RETCHING Mam? What is it? Nothing, Lyd, go back out, go back outside. What have you taken? Oh, no, Mam. I've fallen for another baby. I tried taking something to stop it, but it's no good. The last thing you need's another baby! Try telling your dad that. Oh, Mam. I'm sorry, Lyd. Go back outside. What? Bessy Warbuckle's got bairns. Go and help... No, no, it's all right. Go and help her with 'em. No! I'll stay here with you! RETCHING It's all right. It's very good of you, Councillor Huggins, to give up your time like this. Not at all, I like to think that I take a keen interest in all aspects of the girls' education. Do come through. As you see. Oh, dear. Not very uplifting to the soul, are they? Please would you excuse us, girls? Ladies. So you'll push the council for a complete refurbishment? Well.... Actually, I'm after more than a refurbishment. What we need is a proper modern set of communal showers, any new school would install them as a matter of course. Showers for the girls? I see. I know ladies aren't supposed to perspire, but the fact is that growing girls do, especially after a game of hockey or a cross-country run. So the idea is that they... They all go in the showers together? Yes, of course, Councillor Huggins. Well, yes, the more the merrier. I mean, no need for shame or embarrassment. I mean, the Lord God made us all, did he not, Miss Burton? A happy thought indeed. Very expensive, but a worthwhile investment. We must move with the times. The South Riding must not be seen to be lagging behind. Yes. A complete refurbishment. Including a first class set of showers. I'm sure the older girls would appreciate it particularly. HE CHUCKLES DOORBELL RINGS I'll get it. Hello, Mr Huggins. Bessy! You can't be coming round here. Who's that? Er, Reg. Reg Aythorne, Mr Huggins. Oh, right. What can I do for you, Reg? You can put right the wrong you done to our Bessy, that's what you can do. What? I don't know what you're talking about! It's no good, Mr Huggins, I've told him everything. I'm going to have a baby, Mr Huggins. Oh, Lord. What are we going to do? Oh, it's all right Mr Huggins, don't worry. Reg says he'll marry me. Well, that's very good of you. We'll expect help though, Councillor - financial help. Well, yeah, of course. I... ã500. ã500! I haven't got that kind of money! Well, you'd better borrow it then, if you don't want your name all round town as a fornicating old hypocrite who had his fun and wouldn't pay for it! This is blackmail! How do I know this child's mine? She'll swear it is, though. 500, Mr Huggins. That'd set us up right in that little tobacconist's in Station Road. We've had our eye on it a while now, haven't we, Bessy? Oh, God. Oh, God. The disgrace'll kill Nellie. Doesn't have to be like that, Mr Huggins. You find the money, we'll all be happy. We're just two young people trying to start a respectable life together. You think about it, Mr Huggins. Come on, Bessy. Come on, you're all right. COW MOOS Good girl. Come on. All right. Come on. Come on. All right. COW MOOS Come on. All right. Ey. Ey, ey, ey. All right. Come on. CLANGING Ooh! SHE SIGHS ENGINE SPUTTERS Oh! COW MOOS Hello! Oh. Hello. What the bloody hell are you doing here? My car ran out of petrol. Shhh. You need some help. Here... I'll give you a hand. You? Shhh! I was brought up with animals. Hello, lady! It's no place for a woman. It's no place for a man, I'd say. The cow and I are both female. Come on, you need some help. Just tell me what to do. Come on. Right. Grab hold of them. Right? And pass it to me, when I ask you. Right. All right, girl. Do I pull now? No, no, not yet. She's that narrow. All right, all right. I can't get in. I can't get my hand in, she's too narrow. God! She's too narrow. This would have to happen when my beast man's ill. Maybe I could get my hand in. Well, it's smaller, isn't it? What do I do, what do I do? The head's stuck. You get your hand in and you push it out. Careful she doesn't kick you. All right, calm down, calm down. Steady. Good girl. Can you feel it? Make room for the head. Yep. I've got it, go now. Come on, girl! Ah! THUMP! All right. HE LAUGHS She's fine. They're both fine. Thank you. What now? Ah, well, you'd best come back to the house. THUNDER DOOR SLAMS Oh! Oh! Take a seat by the fire. Oh! Oh! Here....drink this. You must be frozen. Frozen, soaked, half dead. But it was worth it, though, wasn't it? Yes, it was. Wait here. THUNDER SWITCHES FLICK Oh. You'd best stop the night. You'll catch your death going home in those wet clothes. There's a bath running and I've laid out things for you to wear in the morning. No, I don't want to be trouble, it's... Right. This is the bathroom and you can sleep up here. Good night. Good night. Oh, Miss Burton, isn't this lovely! Did you sleep well? Yes, thank you. My clothes fit you perfectly, isn't that funny? Elsie's dried yours and will iron them while we're having breakfast. Do come this way. Sit here where I've laid a place for you. Oh, thank you. Do you take tea or coffee? Er, coffee, thank you. I must say, you're a very good hostess, Midge. Thank you. Oh, erm, Daddy's not here I'm afraid, he had to go out early. Oh. It's all right, Hicks will take us to school. It's all arranged. And he'll pick up some petrol for your car as well. Daddy's worked everything out. Very kind of him. Morning. Hello, Muriel. If you've had any sadness in your life, you'll understand how it is. I do. Help! You're going to do great things here, Sarah. Come on! There's nobody home, but me! Whisky? Whatever are you doing here? Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd E-mail subtitling@bbc.co.uk Synch and correct by JustFuckingShit or teftel www.addic7ed.com, twitter.com/JustFuckingSlut 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 