The Boondocks: Season 2, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Boondocks 
 s2e13 - The Story of Gangstalicious: Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Boondocks (2005–2014): Season 2, Episode 13 - The Story of Gangstalicious: Part 2 - full transcript 
 Despite many obvious clues to the contrary, Riley denies that his favorite rapper, Gangstalicious, is gay. 
 
 Download 
   ANNOUNCER:   Last season on The Boondocks: "The Story  of Gangstalicious," Part 1. MAN:   Rapper Gangstalicious  has been shot. Again? Again? It was these dudes  I used to owe money to back when I was in  the drug game. [PANTING]  Niggas...coming. RILEY:   How you gonna drop the gun,  Gangstalicious?! That is not gangsta! That's very not gangsta! MAN:  This is about things you're too young  to understand, little man. This is about thugging love. RILEY:  What the--? RILEY:   And that's when  one of them dudes knocked me upside  my head, right? And I was having,  like, crazy dreams, like Gangstalicious  was kissing the other dude. Some old craziness, man. [♪♪♪] MAN [ON TV]:   Okay, okay, here it is.  What's up? It's your boy.  It's your boy, your boy. Look. Okay, the moment  you all been waiting for. It's the world premiere. And that's not just around  here, that's the whole world. The brand-new  Gangstalicious video. The song is called  "Homeys Over Ho's." I thought you hate  Gangstalicious. I mean, he a punk  and all that, but he sent a nigga  some free CDs and apologized and all,  so I decided to squash it. He still a punk though. ♪ Homeys over ho's ♪ ♪ Homeys over ho's ♪ ♪ Homeys over ho's ♪ ♪ Homeys over ho's ♪ ♪ Do the homey ♪ ♪ Do the homey ♪ ♪ Do the homey ♪ ♪ Do the homey ♪ ♪ You never catch the 'Lish ♪ ♪ Rollin' with no bitch ♪ ♪ 'Cause bitches ain't shit ♪ ♪ It's on my crew I stick... ♪ That beat is  all right. ♪ With bald heads in check ♪ ♪ Nigga, we hatin'  On them ho's ♪ ♪ Like we hit the phase ♪ ♪ Bitch, can't you see ♪ ♪ Fall back away from me ♪ [MUFFLED SCREAM] ♪ Me and my niggas bump  Chests in the VIP ♪ ♪ Now, bump it to the left ♪ ♪ And bump it to the right ♪ ♪ 'Cause when you do  The homey neck attack ♪ ♪ You do it right ♪ [LAUGHING]  Oh, my God. This is crazy. ♪ Homeys over ho's ♪ ♪ Do the homey ♪ ♪ Do the homey ♪ ♪ Do the homey ♪ ♪ Do the homey ♪ ♪ 'Cause bitches be trouble ♪ ♪ Be havin' niggas beefin' ♪ ♪ You trickin' on that ho ♪ ♪ And your niggas  Ain't eatin' ♪ ♪ She pushin' your way ♪ ♪ Spendin' all your cash ♪ ♪ Your homey got shot up-- ♪ RILEY:  It's so cool. [SINGS ALONG]  ♪ Homeys over ho's  Homeys over ho's ♪ ♪ Homeys over ho's  Homeys over ho's ♪ ♪ Do the homey  Do the homey ♪ ♪ Do the homey-- ♪ [RILEY LAUGHING] Oh! It's so hot! ♪ I am the stone that  The builder refused ♪ ♪ I am the visual  The inspiration ♪ ♪ That made lady  Sing the blues ♪ ♪ I'm the spark  That makes your idea bright ♪ ♪ The same spark  That lights the dark ♪ ♪ So that you can know  Left from right ♪ ♪ I am the ballot in your box  The bullet in the gun ♪ ♪ The inner glow  That lets you know ♪ ♪ To call your brother sun ♪ ♪ The story that just begun ♪ ♪ The promise  Of what's to come ♪ ♪ And I'm 'a remain a soldier ♪ ♪ Till the war is won  Won ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop  Judo flip ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop  Judo flip ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop  Judo flip ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop ♪ See, you gotta remember,  it was the '80s. Tight pants, headbands,  Jheri curls. You could just be  out the closet, and nobody would notice. But that wasn't enough for us.  We wanted to stand out. And that's where  we made our mistake. MC BOOTY B:  The world wasn't ready  for gay rappers back then. HOMO D: Sure ain't. But in a lot of ways, I feel like  we paved the way for all these gay-ass rappers  that's out here nowadays. Mm-hm. It was us.  Think about it. Hey, check it out. Gangstalicious sent me  a box of free gear. I'm gonna be the first nigga  on the streets to rock it. Mmm. Gangstalicious sure does  send you a lot of free stuff. Gangstalicious is  my homey. Oh, now you're homeys?  Yesterday, he was a punk. Sometimes you gotta put aside  your differences and work through problems  with your homey, so y'all can keep  to bein' homeys. You feel me, homey? That's very sensitive  of you, Riley. And you're okay  with his lifestyle? Well, I mean, I know  he ain't no real gangsta, but that's cool 'cause, see,  he's in entertainment. He ain't gotta be out  in the streets like I do. He's telling  our stories for us. So you're okay with him  being gay? [SNICKERS] Gay? Who--? Who said  he was gay? Nigga, is you crazy?  Heh-heh. Gangstalicious, gay.  You-- You crazy. Come on, Riley.  The song, the dance? I mean, "do the homey"? The homey dance ain't gay.  I do the homey. That's not gay? You who thinks  everything in the world is gay. Nigga, you gay. You gay.  Y'all niggas are gay. Nigga, you gay.  That's gay. Don't find any of this  gay at all? Okay, so all that  other stuff was gay. But Gangstalicious  ain't gay. You can't just go throwing  that gay thing around, Huey. That's  a serious accusation. You the one who said  he kissed a man. What I had said was them dudes  knocked me upside my head, and I dreamed  he kissed another man. How often you have dreams  about men kissing? Shut up. I never dream about my heroes kissing other men. Man, stop!  This whole conversation is making me uncomfortable. I dreamt about Muhammad Ali  just last night. But he was fighting Joe Frazier,  not kissing him. Ugh! Gay-ass nigga! Shut up, shut up,  shut up. Ooh, I ain't listening  to you. Now, 'Licious,  you've got the hit song that's killing 'em  in the streets right now. Don't-- Don't take that  literally, folks. Just killing 'em  in the streets: "Homeys Over Ho's." And now I'm telling you,  the clothing line's jumping off. This thing is--  What? What do you say, Gelman?  "Off the hook"? Tell us about that. Well, you know, Reege, we just  had to bring our own flavor to the fashion game.  You know, fashion is a real big thing  to me and my crew, you know what I'm saying? Personal grooming,  hygiene, facials, shiatsu seaweed wraps,  you know, that type of thing. And we not doing it  for the females, you know what I'm saying? We doing it just for us,  you know? That's real thing. All right now,  we got some models. Check it. Over here  with some of your new gear. Now, the vest isn't actually  bulletproof, correct? GANGSTALICIOUS:  No, not really.  But it's a hot style. And pink is definitely  the in color for this season. And here we have the  Gangstalicious super-long tee. Oh, that's long, baby.  But that's the style, right? Oh. Why is the backside  cut out? I knew you were gonna ask, and  I like your attention to detail. I'll tell you why. That way, you won't  have to waste time lifting up your T-shirt. You can get to your toast  real fast, you know? Get the drop on a nigga. Not that we want the kids  to carry guns or nothing, because we always tell the kids  that that ain't the way. Matter of fact,  I had a song called, "Kids, That ain't the Way." But if you got  to pull a burner out on a nigga,  this T-shirt could give you  the half a second or more that may save  your life. KELLY:  Now, this here is just amazing. Pearl necklaces. I didn't know men  wore pearls. Oh, yes, definitely.  Definitely, Kelly. You know, we just want cats  out there in the street, you know, to step  their jewelry game up. It's all about  pearl necklaces. Wow!  Pearl necklaces. Well, I don't know if I could  wear one, but fascinating. THUGNIFICENT:  Yo! Is that the new  Gangstalicious gear? Where'd you get that? MACKTASTIC:  That outfit is fly  right there. Look at those sandals  right there, dog. Yo, you said  Gangstalicious? He-- He sent them shits  to you hisself? Me and Gangstalicious  been homeys for a minute. Damn!  That "Homeys Over Ho's" just shitted on  our "Rags to Bitches" joint. FLONOMINAL:  Why didn't we think  of that, man? We sound like a bunch  of bitch niggers that-- That need women in  their lives or something, man. But we calling 'em bitches  and ho's and shit. It ain't like  we respectin' 'em. Damn. Yeah, we sound like  straight faggots, dog. Ah, still, man,  the new single ain't moving. We ain't doing no shows. I got college loans and shit. Hey, bitch. What the fuck  is you doing in here? Can't you see  the homeys is talking? This is homey talk  happening. How you just gonna walk in  on homey talk, bitch? Man, y'all ho's is trouble. Nigga, you've been  begging me to come over here  for a month. You know what? Y'all can get  the fuck up outta here. What'd we do? Man, just beat it. It's homey time  right now, okay? Hey, yo, word to mother.  He-- He-- He right, yo. Word, son. I'm saying,  I-I mean, you know, this is what real niggas  out in the struggle wanna see right now, man. Yo, that's real talk. Hey. Y'all should get  on the remix. MACKTASTIC:  Yeah. That'd be dope. That shit would be unbelievably  fucking banging, word to mother. Hey, yo, real talk. That would help me get out  of this debt real quick, man. Yeah, but I don't really know  Gangstalicious like that. Plus, I heard the nigga's  hard to get at too. Ah, man. I talk to  Gangstalicious all the time. Hey, yo, for real? [LINE RINGING] GANGSTALICIOUS:   Hello? RILEY: What up, 'Lish? Hey! Hey. Riley, what's up, little man? What's going on?  What's good? It's all good, man. Just out here Rick Ross-in' it,  not loving them ho's. Ha-ha. Hey-- Hey, man,  did you get that, uh-- That box of clothes  I sent you? It's your size, right? Oh, yeah. That was a good look.  Appreciate it. Listen, don't even sweat that.  Anything for the little homey. You know we homeys got  to look out for each other. Hey, speaking of looking out,  I don't know if you heard, but I'm down with  the Lethal Interjection crew. Oh, yeah. They did that song,  "Eff Granddad." That was hot. Their new single ain't  really selling that much. They was wondering  if you'd do a song with 'em. Maybe they can get on  that "Homeys Over Ho's" remix. Mmm. Uh... Yeah. You know what? You know what, Riley?  Anything for the little homey. Tell them to call my people,  we set it up right away. All right.  Thanks, 'Licious. Hey, man, no problem,  you know. And, Riley, you know, I just  wanted to say, you know-- You know, thank you.  You know, for, you know, keeping everything  just between us, you know? Oh. You mean how you was  crying and everything when niggas was chasing us?  Oh, man. I ain't gonna tell  nobody about that. No, no-- I-- I mean, you know--  I mean, you know-- I mean, you know,  the other thing. Oh, you mean when  they stripped you naked and shot at you? No, I m-- Well, I mean,  yeah, that too. But I mean, no-- I mean,  you know, the-- The other-- The other thing. Uh... what else happened? See, that--? See? That's-- That's what  I'm talking about. That's why I fucks  with you, Riley. Homeys know how  to keep a secret. Homeys know how  to keep a secret. Uh, okay. All right, man,  so I'll call you later. Peace. Homeys over ho's. Hang this up, boo-boo. Mm-hm. Mmm. He said for me,  no problem. Yeah, nigga, yeah. That's  what I'm talking about. ALL:  ♪ Homeys over ho's  Homeys over ho's ♪ ♪ Homeys over ho's ♪ Hey. I just forgot my-- ALL:  ♪ Do the homey  Do the homey ♪ ♪ Do the homey  Do the homey ♪ ♪ Do the homey ♪ [♪♪♪] [GROANS] Boy, what the hell are  you wearing? Is that a bra? What? It's just  a wifebeater. Where are your pants?  Why you wearing a skirt? [LAUGHING]  No, Granddad. These are Gangstalicious  Shorts for Thugs. See, they got an extra flap  with a pocket, so you-- You know, you hide what you wanna hide  from the police. Kind of hot, right? You want me to see  if he got your size? But you're carrying a purse. What? Come on, Granddad.  This ain't no purse. It's the Gangstalicious Man-Bag. What--? What's wrong? Nothing. Uh... [YELLS] No! [♪♪♪] RUCKUS:  What in tarnation  is he wearing? I don't know.  Do you think he's--? On the train  to Fagsville? Absolutely. No doubt in my mind. I'm so sorry, Robert. A gay grandson, huh? I can't imagine anything  worse than that. Not Riley. Maybe there's  another explanation. Maybe this is some crazy, sick  kind of misunderstanding. No. Wake up. Wake up and smell  the gay coffee. All the evidence you could  possibly need is right in front  of your face. It'll only be  a matter of time before that little boy'll  be a grown man, bent over a table with  his pants around his ankles, being entered repeatedly  by another man. Choo-choo! Last train to Faggotsville  leaving in five minutes! Leaving in five minutes  for that chocolate tunnel hole. Hey, boy. Something's  wrong with Riley. He's wearing women's clothes  and carrying a purse. What do you think it is? Oh, I knew it.  A gay grandson. Why me? Oh, man. That's it.  It's gonna be weird. It's gonna be so weird  from now on. Poor you. You have  to share a room with him. Nope. Can't  do that anymore. You guys are gonna have to  have your own room. That's all. Yep. Got to.  No other choice. Probably shouldn't be using  the same bathroom. Yes. That's right. Matter of fact,  we might have to move Riley out to the garage,  and that's all there is to it. Did you know gay influence  in rap culture has increased greatly  in the last 10 years? Why? First, rap culture has been  increasingly influenced by prison culture. And prison culture  is really, really gay. Second, with rap albums  declining greatly in profitability, rappers often depend on  fashion lines to make money. And fashion is really,  really, really gay. Last but not least, we have  a drug called ecstasy. Ecstasy is a love drug that seem to make  gay things happen. Bodies start moving  and sweating, you can't help but want  to suck on something. Hey, boy. Ahem. You wanna go out  and play some football? Not right now. Hey, Riley, look. Cutie-pie Cindy's  over to visit. You wanna play  with her? Young Reezy! What's the business,  big baby? Psht. No. Ah! You cold  as ice, Reezy. [♪♪♪] Hey there, boy. Let's spend  some man time together. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Just you and me. I take you anywhere  you wanna go. Now, what do you say, huh? Uh! Let's go chase  some girls. Ooh! Let's go shopping. [CLAPS] GRANDDAD:  Wait a minute. Maybe if someone talk  to him about sex, this'll all  straighten itself out. So you gonna talk to him? Oh, no. Mm-mm, mm-mm. No, not me. Mm-mm. [♪♪♪] So, you see,  my dearest Riley, it is this instinctive and burning need  to procreate between a man and a bitch that not only keeps  the human race going, but also fuels  many important industries, such as my very own. So, what do you think  about homeys over ho's? Is that something at Denny's?  I-- I don't know what that is. Homeys over ho's? You know, like, you supposed  to put your homey over a ho. That's how pimps do, right? I don't think homeys  over ho's is a sentiment that A Pimp Named Slickback  can cosign, Riley. I mean,  don't get me wrong. A Pimp Named Slickback will put  a lot of things over a ho. Money over a ho, always. Brand-new gators over a ho,  absolutely. A turkey sandwich  with just tomato, guaranteed. But homeys? Oh, no. A Pimp Named Slickback  don't do shit for the homeys. Let me reiterate.  Don't do shit for the homeys. Unless the homey wanna  walk that stroll and get that money, the homey ain't getting  a goddamn thing. And the same goes  for brothers, peeps, dudes, fellas,  dunnies, comrades, whatever the fuck niggas is  calling each other nowadays. Sound like some  gay shit to me. Hey. Gangstalicious  just hit me on MySpace and said he put me on the list  for the show tonight. Yeah! Don't you think it's strange  a superstar rapper goes out of his way  to be nice to an 8-year-old? Gangstalicious loves  his fans. Especially the ones that  know his dirty little secret. And by "dirty little secret,"  I mean the fact that he's gay. Shut up! He ain't gay. So, what if he's gay? Statistically speaking,  gay men make more money. They're cleaner. Yeah, I guess. They cook better,  they're better groomed, less likely to get in trouble  with the law. Really? You get all that  with gay? And you don't have  to worry about any accidental  great-grandkids. Huh? That's true.  Last thing I need around here  is some more kids. See? I don't know. I'm from the old school.  I mean, I ain't homophobic, but gay men  give me the heebie-jeebies. Oh, come on.  What are you gonna do? Stop loving your grandson  because he's gay? Well, yeah, I guess. Mmm. But maybe I'll  think about it. We're back with our guest  Jessica Ethalberg, also known as  Wonder Cheeks, reading excerpts from her  amazing new best-selling book, The Private Lives  of Superstar Rappers. "Of all the rappers I met  during those years, "I loved Gangstalicious  the most. "I called him Freddy. "I wanted more than anything  to give my heart to him forever, but I couldn't because--" "He was so  unbelievably gay." "So unbelievably gay"? ALL:  Gay? [♪♪♪] That bitch lying.  See? This is why I don't read. Riley, he's gay. It's  really not that big a deal. Not a big deal? If he gay, I'm his homey  and a fan of his music, then that makes me gay too. I like Elton John.  It doesn't make me gay. Is Elton John gay? Yeah. See? And you gay.  But I know I'm not gay. 'Cause I'm the most  not-gay nigga of all the not-gay niggas  in the whole universe. But, see, people hate on you  when you shinin', see. That's what it is.  They make up stories. Like me, I stay shining,  so who knows? Pretty soon people  gonna be calling me gay. But I'm not! And neither  is Gangstalicious. [♪♪♪] Full-throttle radio. Fatman  Scoop, a.k.a. Big Colorado. We're back. And we have in  the building with us right now, Gangstalicious himself. Yo, what up, Scoop? What's up with me? What's up with you? You tell me,  what's up with you? A lot of crazy things are  being said right now about you. I wanted to give you the chance  to clear the air right now. So tell the world what  your side of the story is. Well, first of all, that--  That-- That-- I ain't even gonna dignify  the accusations with a response, you know? 'Cause that's so ridiculous. I ain't got to answer  to no bitch. See, this is exactly  the kind of shit a scandalous ho is good for. They known for. They notorious  for snitching, you know? Whether you snitch to the feds  or you snitch to Random House, you know,  snitching is snitching. Oh, man. I can't believe  this shit. I was gonna be able to pay  my car note this month. I knew it. I always had  a feeling about that dude. Oh, man! What are  we supposed to do now? This gay-ass nigga  gonna be here in a hour. Oh, no. We-- We can't fuck  with the song now. I mean, if everyone,  you know, think he a homo, and we get on  a track with him, we gonna be homos  by association, dog. [♪♪♪] ♪ Whoo-oo-oo ♪ Man, this is gonna be weird. This is gonna be so weird. I'm keeping these pearls  though, my nigga. This shit is fly. True, true. Yeah. You ain't lying. That shit is hot. They is fly. [DOORBELL RINGS] Ah, shit.  The nigga's here. Hide! Hide!  Turn off the lights. Shh! Shh! [KNOCKING ON DOOR] ♪ Rock 'n' roll gangsta... ♪ [DOORBELL RINGING] ♪ Rock 'n' roll gangsta ♪ ♪ Rock 'n' roll man ♪ Shh! Shh! [BANGING ON DOOR] ♪ La-la-la-la-la-la  La-la-la-la ♪ ♪ Rock 'n' roll gangsta ♪ ♪ Rock 'n' roll gangsta ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Rock 'n' roll man... ♪ [LINE RINGING] [PHONE RINGING] FLONOMINAL:  Oh, shit. Now he calling. Hey, yo, don't even  answer the phone. Shh! Shut up. [BEEPS OFF] ♪ In a glass cage... ♪ He's gay, isn't he? Yep. And I was  his biggest fan. That make me gay,  don't it? Yep. ♪ Things you're saying... ♪ [SOBBING] I know it's wrong,  but I really want my own room. Take it easy on him,  Granddad. He's just trying to come  to terms with it. RILEY [SOBBING]:  No. ♪ They say it's all wrong ♪ ♪ They say it's all... ♪ Granddad. Eh-- I think  I might be-- It's okay, son. I know. I might be. [SOBBING]  It's okay. It's okay. You are gay.  Boy, how did that be? How did that happen? You see, Bernie. It's exactly what I said  was gonna happen, remember? This is it. Nobody gonna  work with me now. I think it's really-- ♪ Rock 'n' roll man... ♪ It's really over. ♪ La-la-la-la-la-la  La-la-la-la ♪ ♪ Rock 'n' roll gangsta ♪ ♪ Rock 'n' roll gangsta ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Rock 'n' roll man... ♪ Man. Just tell the truth.  You gay? MC BOOTY B:  Will hip-hop ever accept  an outwardly gay rapper? I don't know. First, somebody has  to come out the closet. Peekaboo. ♪ Rock 'n' roll man... ♪ You wanna talk about gay.  You wanna talk about gay? Talk about gay. Dogging out your homey  for what some ho say, that's gay. But I saw you.  I saw you kiss a man. You saw him kiss me, while I was tied up. Hello?  Think I want his old, big, soft,  nasty lips on me? Ew. Nasty. ♪ You can live your life ♪ ♪ Any way you want to... ♪ Ah, man. You right, Gangstalicious. Heh. My bad. I was trippin'. I should've never  brought it up. Of course  you ain't gay, man. I'm sorry. Hey, man, it's-- Yo. It's all good,  little homey. You wanna hang out  for a little while? Ew. You still got  kissed by a dude. Yeah, I know. But I brushed my teeth  with bleach and ammonia when I got home,  so you know I'm straight. I'm cool. [RILEY LAUGHS] That's real funny,  Gangstalicious. ♪ He's a gangsta ♪ [♪♪♪] 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 