The Boondocks: Season 2, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Boondocks 
 s2e12 - The Story of Catcher Freeman - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Boondocks (2005–2014): Season 2, Episode 12 - The Story of Catcher Freeman - full transcript 
 Granddad and Uncle Ruckus offer conflicting accounts of a slave revolt led by Huey and Riley's ancestor. Huey reveals that the truth is much different than either of them thought. 
 
 Download 
   [♪♪♪] ANNOUNCER:   In a world of unspeakable  brutality... freedom had a name. And that name was Freeman. Catcher Freeman. This is the true story of the man who risked  everything for justice... and love. Savior, soldier, killer... [BONES CRACKING] ...hero. And he was your great-- GRANDDAD:   Great-great-great-granddaddy. The story  of Catcher Freeman. RILEY:  Come on, Granddad. I may not know nothin'  about history, but I ain't stupid. None of that story is true. It is true.  Catcher Freeman was a hero. And don't you ever forget it. Excuse me. [GRANDDAD SOBBING] ♪ I am the stone  The builder refused ♪ ♪ I am the visual  The inspiration ♪ ♪ That made lady  Sing the blues ♪ ♪ I'm the spark  That makes your idea bright ♪ ♪ The same spark  That lights the dark ♪ ♪ So that you can know  Left from right ♪ ♪ I am the ballot in your box  The bullet in the gun ♪ ♪ The inner glow  That lets you know ♪ ♪ To call your brother sun ♪ ♪ The story that just begun ♪ ♪ The promise  Of what's to come ♪ ♪ And I'm 'a remain a soldier ♪ ♪ Till the war is won  Won ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop  Judo flip ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop  Judo flip ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop  Judo flip ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop ♪ [SOUL MUSIC PLAYING] ♪ Sing a song... ♪ RILEY:  That nigga lying. And how would you know? Granddad always making up  some shit about history. How come everyone we related to  is somebody famous? The first nigga to go  to the moon, or the first nigga  to pole vault? Tsk. Man, he made up  Catcher Freeman. Shoot, he probably made up  this whole "slavery" thing. What nigga you know gonna work all day  in a hot field for no paper? See, that's your problem. You be believin' anything  somebody tells you or put in a...book. See, I keep my mental mind  extra secure. Nothing gets in. Where you going? Don't wanna hear the rest  of the story? No, I don't wanna hear no more  of your made-up stories. I told you,  Catcher Freeman was real. That's your great-  great-great-great-granddaddy. What about when you told us  your cousin integrated baseball? He did. At school they said Jackie Robinson  integrated baseball. That's your fourth cousin  on my uncle's side. Jackie Robinson Freeman.  The Freeman is silent. Now hush and pay attention. Catcher Freeman was  the greatest black man ever. He was Malcolm X, Nat Turner  and Barack Obama all rolled into one. Okay, I'm going to start this  story from the beginning. RILEY:  Oh, man.  From the beginning? GRANDDAD:   Shut up.  It was the plantation of Confederate Colonel  George Lynchwater, better known as Massa Colonel. Probably made him up too. Shut your ass! The slaves  were out in the fields, singing songs of freedom. Guys, what--?  What are you doing? You know you're not allowed  to sing that song. Stop it, guys, I'm serious.  Massa's on his way. COLONEL:  Tobias, didn't I tell you  to tell these niggers to stop singing that damn song? Stop singing? Oh, no. Tobias told us Massa Colonel  likes that song. That's a lie. Oh, no, Massa. We field niggas  is too dumb to lie. But, you know,  Tobias is the lighter shades, and he got  that sharp sense of humor. Oh, no, no, Massa Colonel,  I wasn't-- You out here telling jokes,  Tobias? Massa Colonel, please. Ahh! God, that stings! I-I knows you mad, but don't take it out  on poor Tobias. If you beats him,  it's like you beating all of us, but with considerably  less effort. TOBIAS:  Shut the fuck up! So the only nigger  I gotta beat is Tobias? TOBIAS:  Shut the fuck up, Percy! PERCY:  We don't like to see that.  That makes us work harder. COLONEL:  Well, shit fire  and save matches. Maybe I'll get to bed  early tonight. [TOBIAS SCREAMS] Please, when you hit him, it make us scared and make us  all just wanna stay here. We won't do nothings  if you keep hitting him 'cause it's a-- An example  of what not to do. COLONEL:  Well, since you love  these field niggers so much, you can stay out here and work  with them for a few days. And if I hear that song again,  I'm cuttin' both your balls off. You guys are real  fuckin' assholes, you know that? Come on, man,  look on the bright side. You get to hang out in the field  with the real niggas. Ain't you sick  of the white man? You know what I'm sick of? You blaming the white man  for everything. The white man this,  the white man that. You'll never get anywhere  with that attitude. Man, fuck that white nigga.  That's your massa. All I'm saying is,  you stop being a victim, you might better your life  on your own. You ain't said nothing.  I'm gonna do that, believe it. As soon as Catcher Freeman rides  through here with his brigade and cuts that cracker's head  clean off, ugh, I'm out of here. You ain't never seen no nigga  be gone like I'm gonna be gone. You ain't seen no nigga  ride out like me. And I'm a-join the gang.  I got a letter saying I can join  Catcher Freeman's brigade and ride out  with that nigga. MAN:  Damn, you get mail, nigga? Ha! Ha-ha! That's your plan?  Catcher Freeman, huh? Why not just wait  for Santa Claus to take you away  on his sled? You don't believe  in Catcher Freeman? [GIBBERING] Of course I don't. I don't believe  in the Easter Bunny either. I'm telling you, man.  Catcher Freeman is real. He go round from plantation  to plantation, freeing all the slaves  and shit. He, like, 14 feet tall, got trapezius muscles  and biceps. Shit crazy. He ain't just no normal nigga,  he's supernigga. He like a black-ass Batman,  if you will. He can fly...  underwater. RILEY:  Heh-heh-heh. Wait, how they know  who Batman is? GRANDDAD:   Stop interrupting! Ha! That's ridiculous. I don't even know  who Batman is. And what's your plan,  house nigga? I bet you don't even wanna  escape, all on Massa's nuts. Oh, I'm gonna escape all right. I'm gonna escape with this,  okay? With my mind. I've got this. It's a play,  but for the screen. What screen, nigga?  We in the 1800's. I thought of a way to display  moving pictures on a screen. Of course, it's all abstract, since I don't have any actual  film or cameras or anything, but I'm gonna show Massa Colonel  my screenplay, and when he reads it,  he's gonna know this could be  a huge production. Nigga, you trying to get off  the plantation by selling a script? Ha! Nigga, you ain't even supposed  to know how to read. How you gonna sell  a script, asshole? Plus, there's  a writer's strike. Oh, yeah? Me and Thelma  are gonna marry, have kids  and live in Massa's house. [BOTH LAUGHING] Tell me what you think  about your ass, nigga. GRANDDAD:   Thelma was  your great-great-great- great-great-great-grandmother. Now, Tobias was madly in love  with young Thelma. Eww... But Thelma didn't want  his old Uncle Tom ass. Besides, she was about to meet  Catcher for the first time. Young Thelma yearned  for her freedom, so one night she decided  to make a run for it. Oh, but that poor, little,  sweet girl didn't get far. She ain't going nowhere. We ain't gonna hurt you  too much. MAN:  I might hurt you.  I might hurt you. Hey, look up in the tree.  It's a bird. Nope, it's Catcher Freeman.  Yippee! Come on. Get him, get him. Watch it. Watch behind you, Catcher.  Watch behind you. There you go. RILEY:  Man, hold up, hold up. This nigga jumping  out of trees? Catcher Freeman was  a master swordsman. How this nigga learn  all that ninja stuff? They didn't even have  karate flicks back then. Hush, boy!  It was love at first sight. He was tall, he was handsome, his trapezius muscles  rippled through his shirt. All right, Granddad, dang.  You making me uncomfortable. Catcher Freeman was  a sexy man! And old Thelma was smitten.  Hee! Hi, I'm Thelma. My name's Catcher.  Catcher Freeman. You're Catcher Freeman?  The Catcher Freeman? You've heard of me? Of course I've heard of you. Who has not heard  of Catcher Freeman? Where are you escaping from? Oh, Colonel Lynchwater's. I've been there for a while  and I kind of feel like I got everything I can get  out of that organization. I can read and write, so hopefully that'll  look good on my résumé. My brigade is nearby. We're ready to kill  Colonel Lynchwater and free all your friends  and kinfolk. But we'll need your help. Great, that's a relief,  'cause all my friends about to be talking bad  about me. Like, "Thelma done changed  since she been free. She forgot where she came from,  she don't never come around." You know. Ah, Catcher was smitten too. That night,  Thelma told the other slaves about the plan to escape  with Catcher. Let me get this straight. Catcher gonna come  through here with his brigade, cut that cracker's head  clean off, and then we gonna be free? MAN: Sounds good to me. MAN 2: Hell, yeah. Hold up, wait a minute now. Now, I-- I know we've all  had our problems with Massa, but, uh, this is murder. PERCY:  Ah, man, shut your punk ass up. The night before the revolt, Thelma snuck away  to see Catcher one last time. Here, take this. You'll know what to do with it  when the time comes. Why do you  still wear shackles? So I'll never forget those  who are still in bondage. Even though you'll be free soon, you must continue  to be a soldier until the war is won. [♪♪♪] [RILEY SNORING] GRANDDAD:   But, oh, Tobias was hating  with his punk ass. Boy, wake up! RILEY:  Oh, is it over? So Tobias betrayed them  because he was jealous? Yes, but his betrayal  could not stop Catcher. RILEY:  Man, I already know  what happened next. First, they kick in the door,  find the gun. Riley, stop it! Massa gonna smack her. Going too fast.  Let me build some suspense. Here come Catcher  rolling up on Massa's crib. Riley, this is the cool part.  Enjoy the story. Wait. Let me guess.  It's a trap. Then Catcher's gonna run in at, like, a dozen dudes  as they reload, and probably  should've been shot, like, a hundred times by now. Riley, come on, now! Then he gonna do all that  fake-ass ninja stuff again. Stop it! Man, we already know the nigga gonna win  at the end, just wrap it up. GRANDDAD:  All right, all right! It's over, Catcher.  Drop it, or she's dead! I'm gettin' outta here. Kill him, Catcher.  Do it! [♪♪♪] [CRUNCH] Ahhh! [GROWLS] [THELMA SCREAMS] RILEY:  Oh, the nigga blocked  the bullet with his handcuffs. Shh. You're messing up  the ending. This is the best part.  You'll never see this coming. TOBIAS:  Massa! [GROWLS] [GRUNTS] GRANDDAD:   And they lived happily  ever after. Boo! That movie sucked. Shut up! I want my money back. Man, that ending  was hella cliché, Granddad. That's exactly how it happened. Prove it. How am I gonna prove it?  Catcher lived 150 years ago. RUCKUS:  Did I hear somebody say  something about Catcher Freeman? The Catcher Freeman? See? Ruckus know  about Catcher Freeman. Of course I know about  Catcher Freeman. Greatest black man  who ever lived. Did he really run around  the woods like a superhero,  killing white people? Hell, no. Catcher Freeman ain't never do  no shit like that. Must have been some asshole  told you that story, boy. Hey. Now sit your black asses back and let old Uncle Ruckus tell you the real story  of Catcher Freeman. First of all, his name  wasn't even Catch-er Freeman, it was Catch-a Freeman. He sure wasn't freeing niggas.  He was catchin' 'em. I told you you was lying. That's not true! Sure it is,  sure it is. See, back in slavery,  when the world made sense, the white man had a problem. Niggas couldn't appreciate shit,  so they kept running away. Now, in his strategic  brilliance, Mr. Charlie decided  who better to catch a nigga than a nigga. So they took a field slave  named Catcha Freeman and turned him into the greatest  slave hunter who ever lived. Catcha Freeman retrieved  over 700 pieces of human property to their respective  owners during slavery. GRANDDAD:   Damn it, Ruckus,  you gonna stop this right now. RILEY:  Shh! Dang, Granddad,  I'm trying to hear the story. RUCKUS:   Ah, look at that nigga go. Hold up.  You see that nigga flip from tree to tree  like on some old Tarzan shit? Wait, wait, wait.  Bring that back, I gotta see that again. I'll be happy to. Ah, look at that nigga  go again. Oh, my God,  this is crazy. Nobody really knows  why Catcha was so good at tracking  runaway niggas. Some believe  he had supernatural powers. MAN:  Good job, boy.  Give him a biscuit. One legend said Catcha could  actually talk to the dogs. MAN:  Good Catcha! [DOG BARKING] [GASPS] Whatever his secret, didn't matter  how fast they could run. He bit his leg! Man, this dude  is off the chain. Catcha would  find 'em anywhere. [GROWLS] [MAN YELPS] Ooh, that nigga caught it. And I mean anywhere. Look out,  look out, look out. Oh, ho, ho, he came up  out that water like Jason. Oh, he's so gangster. See, to understand the story  of Catcha Freeman, you gotta know a little  something about slavery. Now, if you think niggas  is worthless and lazy today, oh, Lord help me, you should have seen them  back in slavery days. Good old Massa Colonel  and plantation owners like him provided darkies  all over the South with good jobs, food,  housing. I'm telling you,  slavery was the best thing that ever could happen  to Negro-kind. HUEY:   Okay, first of all,  none of that is true, and "Don't Trust Them  New Niggas" is not a spiritual. RUCKUS:  Hush your mouth  and learn your history. Slaves sang that and many other  joyful songs all day. They danced,  did arts and crafts, crocheted,  had water balloon fights, everything, except for work. Hey, y'all. Massa's a-coming.  He's a-coming, y'all. [SLAVES SINGING] TOBIAS:  Here he comes! Look, guys, you asked me  to take you in as slaves, and this is how you repay me? All you do all day  is sing and jump and eat. Shit. You just stop.  All right, stop it! Stop it.  Stop having so much fun! Ha-ha-ha. Hey, Massa,  won't you do me a favor and master these nuts  in your mouth, nigga. Come on, y'all,  now that's enough. I've had it. Y'all gonna get a time-out. Everybody is in time-out  right now. Man, you ever notice how white  people sound when they get mad? [STUFFY VOICE]  "I've had it. Everyone's  getting a time-out." [ALL LAUGHING] MAN:  They do, they do. They do  sound like that, don't they? He sounded like that.  Ha-ha-ha. Hey, Massa, Dienda send  a message for you. I don't know anyone  named Dienda. Dienda who? Dienda my dick, nigga. [ALL LAUGHING] Now, I have put up with this  for long enough. I'm not gonna put up with it  anymore. Get to work now! Now, I'm-- I'm sorry I had  to speak at you so sternly, but you brought it  on yourself. [ALL LAUGH] Now, stop that!  Slave masters have feelings too. I just don't understand.  I try so hard with y'all. [COLONEL SOBBING] Man, I says we murder  that cracker. I don't know. Maybe it wouldn't kill y'all  to do a little bit of work. What's wrongs  with you, nigga? We got this slavery shit hooked  up just likes we like it. And you wants to fuck it up  with work? Now, looks,  before we kills Massa, we gotta get  this nigga Catcha Freeman. Even if we could escape,  Catcha come get us. But Catcha Freeman stronger  and faster than us, Percy. How's we gonna do that? We'll use Thelma, that high-yellow  mulatto jezebel hussy. GRANDDAD:   Hey, that's my great-  great-great-great- great-great-great-  great-grandmother. RUCKUS:   No need to get emotional,  Robert, I'm just reciting  the historical record. Anyway, the great-  great-great- great-hussy in question  was Thelma. She was once again  showing her disrespect for her kindly Massa  by running away. [GROWLS] [THELMA YELLS] Get your hands off me! [SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY] [THELMA YELLING] That night, they devised  their diabolical scheme to kill kind, old Massa. [INDISTINCT CHATTER] [♪♪♪] THELMA:  Catcha! Come quick to the stables! RILEY:  Oh, no, don't go  in there, Catcha. [DIMWITTED VOICE]  Catcha don't see nothing. RUCKUS:   Now, Catcha had never known the pleasures  of the flesh before, and he was no match  for the temptations of Thelma, who in the darkness  of night looked even less African  than she actually was. [CATCHA GRUNTING] THELMA:  Oh, yes, Catcha. Catcha and Thelma  rolled around in a hot, sweaty,  naked embrace, making passionate  jungle love. GRANDDAD:   Lies! All lies!  Thelma Freeman was a saint. Thelma was a hussy  jezebel temptress! Now let me finish  the story. As Catcha lay passed out, after expending  his manly seed... Mm? [CACKLING] CATCHA:  No! Thelma trick Catcha. ...the darkies attacked! Colonel Massa's men  fought bravely, but they were outnumbered  and unprepared for the savagery  of the Negro assault. [ALL SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY] MAN:  Fuck you, you massa! Oh, you ain't  getting out of here. I bash youse head in. MAN 2: We gonna get you. Only one darky, Tobias,  had the decency to try and stop  this madness. Wait a minute, y'all. How's we's gonna survive  without Massa? We can't do this,  it ain't right. [♪♪♪] It ain't right. Thank you, Tobias. I want you to know, you've  always been like a son to me. Except I would never, ever lay with your black  jungle-bunny mama. Oh, Massa. Kills them both. [SLAVES GRUNTING] [COLONEL SCREAMING] Having known no other woman, Catcha married Thelma and lived a miserable life  as a free man in Boston. And that, colored folks, is the real story  of Catcha Freeman. Ruckus, I should kick in  your damn jaw for telling lies. You high-yellow niggas  always forgetting your place. Get the fuck out of my house,  you fat ass, motherfucker. If you were in my house,  nigga, I'd burn it down around  your black ass. HUEY:  Excuse me, everyone. I think we can resolve  this quickly. "Catcher Tobias Lynchwater,  better known as Catcher Freeman, "was a house slave on Colonel  Lynchwater's plantation. "He was also  Colonel Lynchwater's son, although the colonel  never claimed him." GRANDDAD:   Wait? W-what? Massa's son? Uh-uh. No, no, no,  that can't be. HUEY:  He is believed to have written  the first screenplay, several years  before the invention of the motion picture industry. Catcher fell in love  with Thelma, but Thelma wasn't looking  for love, she was looking  for freedom. Boy, I can't wait to tell the  white man about how you lying. Then, on one fateful day-- Where you going?  You smell like black jellybeans. [GUNSHOT] [GRUNTS] Ah, this is bullshit. She knew the time  for freedom had come. THELMA:  Once we're in  the weapons shed, we assault the house  with everything we can get our hands on. Okay, guys, look. Look. I think you're all missing  a big opportunity here with my script. I know most of you can't read, but I'd be happy  to read it to you. Catcher, in one week, we gonna kill Massa. At least let me show it to him  before you kill him. I worked really hard on this. You have one week. [♪♪♪] [LAUGHING] Oh, my. You know,  I-I should hang you for being able to read  and write. But this is one heck of a--  Of a-- Uh... What'd you call it? A script? Yes, sir, Massa Colonel.  You got it, a script. First one ever made,  right here. Well, if you're selling,  I am buying. Oh, you are gonna be  a very rich man, son. Untrue!  Falsehood and untrue. Wait, Dad. There's something  I should tell you about Thelma. Having sold his script, Catcher promptly betrayed  Thelma's rebellion. RILEY:   Oh, man, he sold the crew out  for a script? Yo, that's  a bitch-ass nigga. Oh, my goodness. And when were they planning  such treachery? A week from now.  Mm-hm. Three o'clock. [GUNSHOT] [MEN YELLING] No, you lying black bitch!  That wasn't a week. Forward! Come on! MAN:  Shoot 'em, shoot 'em! Charge! No, Massa, no! Gee, that bitch  can fight. Oh, my God. Stop. Guys, just wait. Wait! [GRUNTS] [YELLS] CATCHER:  Stand still, bitch! [GUNSHOT] Wait, wait, wait.  He meant to shoot Thelma, but shot Massa instead? Now, that's an ending. GRANDDAD:   My ending was better. RUCKUS:  That ain't good white history. But...the script. That's colored man history  you talking. HUEY:   That moment,  Catcher decided it was best to just go  with the winning team. Uh, die, cracker, die? Yeah. Take that, Massa. Huh?! Yeah. You wanna  beat up on the slaves, huh? Well, take this to your ass,  motherfucker! Oh, Catcher. That's how I do it, baby. That's how I do it. And so was born the legend  of Catcher Freeman. Catcher and Thelma married  and moved to Canada. His script was never produced. And they all lived,  more or less, happily ever after. [BOTH GRUMBLE] Man, that's  some old bullshit. Never heard such bullshit  in all my life. RILEY:  Hey, hold up.  Where y'all going? I ain't had a chance  to tell my story yet. My Catcher Freeman story  better than all y'alls. Know what I'm sayin'? See, my Catcher Freeman  wasn't no slave. 'Cause he was like, "Fuck that  shit. I'm a real nigga." Plus, he had like 300 ho's.  He ain't had just no Thelma. He had all kinds of bitches,  and he drove a Bentley Coupe with 24's on it with machine guns  in the rims, nigga, what? ♪ Take our black asses  Out of here ♪ ♪ Won't you take  Our black asses out of here? ♪ ♪ Won't you come save us  Catcher? ♪ ♪ And kill all these crackers ♪ ♪ Lord, take our black asses  Out of here ♪ ♪ Sing this motherfucker  Now ♪ ♪ Won't you take  Our black asses out of here? ♪ ♪ Massa, girl  You a bitch, nigga ♪ ♪ Won't you take  Our black asses out of here? ♪ 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 