The Boondocks: Season 2, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Boondocks 
 s2e14 - The Hunger Strike - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Boondocks (2005–2014): Season 2, Episode 14 - The Hunger Strike - full transcript 
 Huey goes on a hunger strike in a boycott of BET, and receives some high-profile support from Reverend Rollo Goodlove, who may be more interested in his own self-promotion than any good intentions. 
 
 Download 
   [♪♪♪] WOMAN:  Welcome to BET headquarters. I'm Deborah Leevil.  It's 2 p.m., so it's time for  our morning staff meeting. Our leader, Bob Johnson,  had a dream. A dream of creating a network  that would accomplish what hundreds of years  of slavery, Jim Crow and malt liquor  couldn't. The destruction of black people! MAN: Yo, sister! Is that so hard? Mistress Leevil,  since BET came into existence, terrible things  have happened to black people. Dropout rates, teen pregnancy,  unemployment and incarceration have skyrocketed  since our debut 25 years ago. We really believe  we're making a difference-- LEEVIL:  Silence! Agh! MAN:  What the devil? The destruction of black people is not happening fast enough. The other day I saw  three niggas reading books. One of them was smiling. [PHONE RINGS] Yes. MAN: He gonna die. No, I'll have to call them back. Oh, and I need another math guy. He gonna die. You know, the dude  with the charts and shit. He dead. Yeah, him. I need another one. Yeah, and a cleanup crew.  Oh, and another shoe. Left. No, Prada. Wedgie Rudlin, my Harvard-educated  president of entertainment, tell me about the evil shows  you have in development. Um-- MAN: Tell it, brother! --Mistress Leevil,  my Harvard education tells us that our goal is to take  all the shitty reality shows MTV did five years ago,  and make them black. Anyone who wants to see a shitty  black version of an MTV reality  show, well, they'll have to come to us. What else? Next month, we're gonna  have our first awards show honoring video hoes. MAN: Video hoes! Or as I like to call it,  a "Hoe-wards" show. [COUGHS] Right. I don't get it. Must be that Harvard humor.  Faggot-ass faggot. Personnel, how are we fucking up  niggas' money? Well, let's see.  As you've requested, nobody outside this room  has been paid for months. And you fired everyone  that could read. Mm-hm. I love it. Okay, and public relations? Mistress Leevil, we got one  thing to report, a'ight? Some little nigga  named Huey Freeman. He all critical  of the network and shit, talking about  a hunger strike. Why? What did we ever do to him except try to destroy  black people? What? This hunger strike  will continue until BET is taken off the air,  the office is shut down, and all its top executives  commit Japanese ritual suicide. [CACKLES] He's just a kid. No one can stand in my way  of destroying black people. Especially not Huey Freeman. [CACKLES] [♪♪♪] ♪ I am the stone  The builder refused ♪ ♪ I am the visual  The inspiration ♪ ♪ That made lady  Sing the blues ♪ ♪ I'm the spark  That makes your idea bright ♪ ♪ The same spark  That lights the dark ♪ ♪ So that you can know  Left from right ♪ ♪ I am the ballot in your box  The bullet in the gun ♪ ♪ The inner glow  That lets you know ♪ ♪ To call your brother sun ♪ ♪ The story that just begun ♪ ♪ The promise  Of what's to come ♪ ♪ And I'm 'a remain a soldier ♪ ♪ Till the war is won  Won ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop  Judo flip ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop  Judo flip ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop  Judo flip ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop ♪ [♪♪♪] GRANDDAD:  ♪ Fake meat ♪ ♪ Fake meat is good  Ooh-hee, hey ♪ HUEY:   It was the third day of my  hunger strike to bring an end to the tyranny of  Black Entertainment Television. GRANDDAD:  Mm-mm. Man, fake meat is good. Hey, could you pass me  one of them veggie burgers? There was someone around here  who used to love veggie burgers. You wouldn't remember who  that was, would you, boy? Hm? [BURPS] [CHUCKLES] What's with all  this hunger strike, boy? What did food  ever do to you, hm? [CHUCKLES] Can I be excused, please? No, you are gonna eat  with the family, boy. Ain't nobody told you  to crusade against BET. BET is out  to destroy black people. My nigga, I watch BET every day,  feel me? There ain't nothing wrong  with me, feel me? Nigga,  you just hating, feel me? That's why you ain't never gonna  have no paper, no bitches. Boy, watch your mouth. See? That's BET. He's right though, Huey.  Women don't like hating. You better listen  to your granddaddy. Heh. You don't wanna be bitchless. I know bitchless.  Look, I'm bitchless right now. It's no fun. You feel me? [PHONE RINGS] Hello? MAN: Hey. Uh, good day. I'm looking for  brother Huey Freeman please. Speaking. Hey, brother Huey, my name is Reverend  Rollo Goodlove. And it's my honor  to speak with you. Wait, the Rollo Goodlove? You mean,  the Rollo Goodlove who toured with Parliament  Funkadelic in the '70s, became a community activist  in the '80s, ran for president  twice in the '90s, and currently is host of the  syndicated public-access show "What's Goin' On?" with Rollo  Goodlove, Rollo Goodlove? ROLLO:  Mm-hm. The same. Hm. Glory. Anyway, I had to call  and share with you my support of your hunger strike.  How you feeling? Hungry. Well, you know, you made a powerful statement,  young man. And I'm proud  to call myself your ally. Are you going on a hunger strike  with me? Uh, yeah. Um...  Uh, no. No, no, no. You see, I have to have dinner  with Puffy later on. But don't you worry though. Together we're gonna bring  our enemies to their knees. Now, listen, I'm holding a rally  downtown tomorrow, brother. And I would love for you  to come and stand with us. [♪♪♪] ROLLO:  Brothers and sisters. I said, bothers and sisters. [INDISTINCT YELLS] I don't know what  this world is coming to. But if you ask me  what I think about BET, I'll tell you with no shame: BET sucks. MAN:  Suck that dick! Suck! Now, I say that because when I sit and watch BET, my dignity is sucked away. And, uh,  my pride is sucked away. And the progress we've made  in the freedom struggle over the last five decades  is sucked away. [CROWD SHOUTING] Now, brothers and sisters, we are here today  because we're not gonna let BET suck anything more from us. I say, stand up and tell 'em: "I will not be a prisoner  to your foolishness. I am free. "And I will not be  captured by your ignorance. "'Cause I'm free. "I will not be trapped "in your negrofied matrix,  either. Because I am free." Uno, dos, tres, cuatro. [BAND PLAYING FUNK MUSIC] [CROWD CHEERING] ♪ If you're wondering  What it look like ♪ ♪ Look at me ♪ ♪ Ah! ♪ MAN 1:  Yeah, baby! MAN 2:  Yeah, reverend. Let me show you  how to do it. ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Ah-hah, oh ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ Right here, baby!  Yeah! ♪ I'm on my way ♪ ♪ For most everything ♪ ♪ And this is my day ♪ ♪ Make me wanna say  I'm free ♪ ♪ And everything  I'm allowed to see ♪ ♪ Free ♪ ♪ Come and see ♪ ♪ No, no  Look at me ♪ ♪ Ah  What you waiting on? ♪ ♪ I want action, passion  Smiling ♪ ♪ Laughing, yielding  Feeling ♪ ♪ Helping, healing ♪ ♪ Introduce your neighbor  To your savior ♪ ♪ I'm free ♪ ♪ Look at me ♪ ♪ Freedom in high fidelity ♪ ♪ Free ♪ ALL:  ♪ Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah ♪ [ROLLO LAUGHS] Yeah! Ooh, have mercy. Brothers and sisters,  y'all give it on up for Otis and the Action Band. [CROWD CHEERING] Granddad, you should have  seen it. Reverend Goodlove,  it was amazing. Man, the people  were so inspired. Oh, yeah, I saw it on the news.  Looked like American Idol to me. I still don't know what  your problem is with BET. I love Beyoncé. Shoot.  Little sweet thing. ♪ Oh, shake it girl  Shake it girl ♪ ♪ Shake it girl  Yeah ♪ Ain't you hungry yet? [♪♪♪] Well, I was thinking  that tomorrow we could reach  the people by marching to the BET headquarters-- Now, now, we ain't  gonna do no shit like that. Uh, now, Huey,  black people have style. And we are attracted  to things of class. Especially  you young people. Ahem. Now, see, but that's what makes BET  so dangerous now. Excuse me.  It sells you young people a lifestyle  that you're attracted to. Mm, that's good-- But, uh--  But you can't afford it. And in order to save them kids,  I gotta reach them kids. Mm. Now, see, when I shine, they walk toward me for  the light of them diamonds. Heh. Ain't nothing wrong with that.  But when they walk away from me, they got the light  of their truth. You think I wanna  be at the VIBE awards? Do you really  believe I want to be ringside at the championship  fight? Mm-mm. You think I wanna be doing   Skating with the Stars, falling down,  fucking up my ankles? Well, goddamn it! Waiter,  this ain't no beluga caviar. Now, see, for example,  let's look at music. Now, here's my rap demo. Personally,  I like jazz and gospel. But if I spit that hot fire, I might be able to reach  some of them kids out there. You see, thing with me  though is, when I do it, I'm a gonna  do it for the people, now. I work all day and night  to get their attention. And it's hard.  It's hard work, Huey. Look, I even know  all the new dances. [HUMMING] ♪ You-- ♪ ♪ You and-- ♪ [♪♪♪] Mistress Leevil, the new slogans  are ready for your approval. Oh. MAN [OVER TV]: Hm. MAN [OVER TV]: Uh-huh. MAN [OVER TV]: Hmm. I'll think about it. [PHONE RINGS] MAN:   Sorry to bother you,  Mistress Leevil, but the Freeman boy is on CNN. What's CNN? But I submit  to you today-- LEEVIL:  Rollo Goodlove. I know just how to deal  with the good reverend. [CACKLING] [♪♪♪] HUEY:   Thanks to Goodlove  and a very slow news cycle, the boycott became a big story  and started to take off. Man. Fuck BET.  I'm gonna read a book. [♪♪♪] HUEY:  Word got around: BET was evil. Okay, welcome back,  little lambs. Uh, we are sitting here  with former BET host, sister Sherry Carter. First things first. You never could get  that hair right, now could you, baby?  Oh, heh-heh. But we was with you, baby, because you had  the big old thighs. And you was a red bone, mmm. Never could understand  how a sister that light-skinned  had bad hair, though. Is Tigger short  for tiger and nigger? Or are you just a big old fan  of Winnie the Pooh? We are now sitting here  with a former BET host, Tavis Smiley. Now, Tavis,  correct me if I'm wrong, but you had some problems over  there at BET, now, didn't you? Well, I'm not gonna lie  and say I didn't. Yeah, but things  went okay for you afterwards. I mean, after all,  you do have an NPR show. Well, yes,  I do have the NPR radio show. And I also have  a talk show on PBS. Oh, two shows. Hm. I guess that beats my one, huh?  Heh-heh. You're doing real good,  brother. You're doing real good. You know, I don't think  I've ever been invited to either one of those shows,  though. Well, then, we'll just have  to get you on, now, won't we? I mean, heh,  I put you on my show. You know,  I'm sharing my light. Helping you move a book or two. But I don't see  the favor being returned. At all.  So I was just checking to see if I had done  something wrong to you. I think we're  out of time. ROLLO:   Motherfucker, that's my line. See, Granddad?  That's called exposure. And with enough of it,  we can change the world. Mm-hm. And finally tonight,  Reverend Rollo Goodlove, who's been very critical  recently of BET and their sexually-explicit  videos, starred in a pretty explicit  video of his own. Oh. The video clearly shows the, uh, good Reverend Goodlove at the House of Cheeks  strip club. ♪ Shake that ass, girl ♪ And it doesn't look  like he was talking politics. [CHUCKLES] I bet you're  hungry now. I'm saying, man,  it doesn't look good. Jesus walked amongst the people. Mohammad walked  amongst the people. I am a people person, Huey. All the great prophets  embraced the people. You're embracing a butt,  Reverend. Listen, child, I can speak  in colleges and get paid  a whole heap of money. But if you're in college  already, you don't need  Rollo Goodlove as much as a young brother  out there in the gang or a young sister  in the strip club needs Rollo Goodlove. Have mercy. Now, see.  If I walk into the strip club and start talking to a sister about progressive politics  and all that, bettering her life  and voter registration, you think she gonna talk to me? But if I grab me a handful  of that big old ass and ask for a dance, now, she's gonna think  I'm just another trick. When I'm really  an instrument of her salvation. Now, I have set  the table for change. Yeah. She grinding on me,  trying to get that little $20. But she gonna get  a whole lot more than that, believe me. Oh, glory. Now, sometimes  you'll find her an apartment. Maybe even a job. Yeah, but it still  looks pretty bad. I just hope it doesn't  hurt the boycott. I don't think I can go  without food much longer. HUEY:   This wasn't the first blow to Reverend Goodlove's  public image. Do you own a car? 'Cause if you do,  you own the keys to some cash. HUEY:   Last year,  Reverend Goodlove signed on to pitch high-interest loans that exploit  the poor and desperate. Call the Loan Ranger. I feareth not your scandals.  My name is Rollo Goodlove. You can't sully my reputation. I take your attacks  as a badge of honor. They called Martin Luther King  an adulterer. They called  Muhammad Ali a communist. And for 2000 years, they called  Mary Magdalene a prostitute. Come to find out  that's Jesus' baby mama. Y'all saw The Da Vinci Code. HUEY:   I don't know, maybe Rollo  just knew how to spin. I don't think  there's anything wrong with a stripper's ass  in a grown man's face. But I do have a problem  with BET putting strippers' asses  in the faces of our children. HUEY:  Or maybe by now his followers just weren't surprised  by anything he did anymore. Well, of course it was a setup. I believe the release  of this video was engineered  by BET themselves, working in conjunction  with the Republican Party and-- And the FBI thing. HUEY:   Goodlove escalated  the attack on BET by producing a DVD called BET:  The High Cost of Low Standards. ROLLO:   These are the poor.  These are the forgotten. The victims of  black-on-black crime. These are the employees of Black Entertainment  Television. Now, these two comedy writers were only offered two dollars  for a pilot script. When will this tragedy end? The situation's gotten so bad that workers  at this Wal-Mart store took up a collection  for BET employees. Wow. I don't know, just seemed  like the right thing to do, helping people  less fortunate, you know. ROLLO:   But, as a Wal-Mart employee, isn't it true  that you were forced to work overtime hours  off the books, and you had to get on  food stamps? Yeah, they forced me  to work overtime and get on the food stamps. But at least  I ain't workin' at BET. So thank you, Lord.  Thank you, Jesus. ROLLO:   Even this non-legal  immigrant worker donates money to BET employees  every month. Wow. Me and my family,  we don't have much, but we give everything we have to the poor BET workers. This is not  what America is about. [♪♪♪] REPORTER [ON TV]:   And Black Entertainment  Television is really feeling the heat now from this nationwide boycott,  started a week ago by a 10-year-old boy  on a hunger strike. The NAACP  announced this morning that it is asking its members  to join the boycott to make the network  more socially responsible. Master. Oh, this is  an unexpected pleasure. We are honored by your presence. Ah. Okay, first of all, why do you always kneel when  I walk in? That's just so weird. Second, we've got to  figure out this boycott thing. It's killing us. Ah, but it is Huey Freeman and Reverend Goodlove  who'll soon be doing the dying. But we're looking  at getting some ninjas in for a cheap price. Yeah, look,  just talk to 'em. Give 'em whatever they want,  okay? Just handle it. Not everyone is in support  of the boycott. Listen to what this BET  supporter had to say. Every time  a black baby is born, I'd give 'em a plasma TV  and one channel: BET. Slap it right on the ceiling  over the crib. By the time that nigga's 12,  he'll be watching it in jail. Ha-ha-ha-ha! BET forever! BET! Boom-bye-ya! BET! Boom-bye-ya. That's the kind  of language they understand. Huh. Surprised you guys  haven't given him a show. Call Goodlove. Set up a meeting! [♪♪♪] HUEY:  It was in the news that I first  heard the boycott had ended. The details were sketchy,  but there was no mention of the network shutting down,  nor of ritual suicide. So I feared I had been had. A show?  You sold me out for a show? Damn it, Huey, you can't  change BET from the outside. You got to change it  from the inside. This is victory,  brother. Now, my message-- Our message  will get to the people. It's a sitcom called   My Dad, Rollo. Do you have any idea  how hungry I am? You think I want my own sitcom,  Huey? No, I really don't. But you can catch  more flies with honey than you ever gonna  catch with vinegar. And, brother Huey, laughter  is that sweet, sweet honey. Oh, Lord, child. Have mercy. Niggas is just gonna be niggas. So you might as well get that  money while you bullshit. Why starve?  Why just starve? Then go get  something to eat. Me and Puffy having dinner  at the Chateau. You know you're welcome  to come, don't you? [♪♪♪] Thanks, Granddad. Granddad, what do you do  when you can't do nothing, but there's nothing  you can do? You do what you can. By the way, did you hear they're  giving Ruckus a job at BET? Can you believe that? What the hell's wrong  with those people over there? Damn, they'll give anybody  a job at BET. I don't  want one. Shoot. [♪♪♪] 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 