The Boondocks: Season 2, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Boondocks 
 s2e11 - The S-Word - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Boondocks (2005–2014): Season 2, Episode 11 - The S-Word - full transcript 
 Grandad and the good Rev. Rolo Goodlove try to cash in big after a teacher calls Riley "the n-word" in school. 
 
 Download 
   [♪♪♪] It's a derogatory,  racial remark that has divided people  for many years. And a J. Edgar Hoover  Elementary teacher has now been suspended over calling a student  the N-word. Stacy Renee investigates  what happened and why. RENEE:  And what to did he say  specifically to you? He said, "Sit down,  nigger." RENEE:   Riley Freeman is  a third-grade student at J. Edgar Hoover  Elementary School. He's a basketball player,  an avid reader, and one day hopes  to spread his philosophy through rap music. He was in class  when he had a verbal exchange with his teacher, Joe Petto. But Mr. Petto said it was Riley  who used the N-word first. So I told him to take his seat and here comes  this barrage of insults. I mean, some of the words  I've never even heard before. And I was just stunned,  and I said, "Well, sit down, nigga." I just repeated  the insult back to him, because that's what  I've been trained to do. That is not what  he's been trained to do. School Superintendent  Donald Richards says all teachers are taught to use appropriate  hyphenated euphemisms instead of racial slurs. We have a very strict policy against teachers  using the "N-word," or any other  racially insensitive words. The district's policy  is that teachers should always say "N-word"  instead of the actual N-word. Or "S-word" instead of saying  the actual S-word. What is the S-word? Well, I-- I don't wanna  say it, but-- Spic? No, no. Uh, ahem. Spear-chucker. "Spear-chucker"? Yes. See, we would encourage  our teachers to say "S-word" instead of, ahem,  "spear-chucker." And how often do you have  a problem with faculty saying "spear-chucker" to students? We don't.  That's what I'm saying. [CLEARS THROAT] They would say "S-word." But Riley Freeman denies  he used the N-word first. He said I used the word  before, but I didn't. I wouldn't use that word ever. That word hurts people. Oh, I remember  those proud days marching with  Dr. Martin Luther King. We used to hear that  hateful word all the time. Robert Jebediah Freeman,  Riley's grandfather, says the incident  takes him back to the civil rights movement. Oh, what sad times these are when educators can  go around willy-nilly, calling our kids  the N-word. Me and my boy have suffered  tremendous unspecified mental and physical damage  from this. Mr. Petto claims the version  of "nigger" ending in "ger" is the racial slur,  but that he was using a different version  of the word, ending in "ga," that means the same as "buddy"  or "best pal." He insists that  he was using the friendly version  of the N-word to better relate to Riley. I used the word. I admit it. I thought there was a difference  between "nigg-er" and "nigg-a." I thought I understood  this whole thing, but I guess I don't.  I need help. Whenever I hear the rappers,  they say "nigga." It's in all the music.  Look, look, look. Rap songs that use the word  "nigga" in a positive way. There's tons of 'em.  Look: "'Real Nigga Role Call.' "'Niggas Bleed.'  'Jigga my Nigga.' "'Niggas for Life.' 'Real Niggas  Don't Die.' 'Shame on a Nigga.' 'Sucka Nigga.'  'Ain't No Nigga.'" The school is investigating  the incident. But in the meantime, Mr. Petto  has been put on unpaid leave. I just couldn't believe it, because nobody ever  called me a nigger before. RENEE:  And how did it make you feel? Like...I was less  than a person. ♪ I am the stone  That the builder refused ♪ ♪ I am the visual  The inspiration ♪ ♪ That made lady  Sing the blues ♪ ♪ I'm the spark  That makes your idea bright ♪ ♪ The same spark  That lights the dark ♪ ♪ So that you can know  Your left from right ♪ ♪ I am the ballot in your box  The bullet in the gun ♪ ♪ The inner glow  That lets you know ♪ ♪ To call your brother sun ♪ ♪ The story that just begun ♪ ♪ The promise  Of what's to come ♪ ♪ And I'm 'a remain a soldier ♪ ♪ Till the war is won  Won ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop  Judo flip ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop  Judo flip ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop  Judo flip ♪ ♪ Chop, chop, chop ♪ HUEY:   Despite news reports  to the contrary, my family was handling  this particular racial incident quite well. [BOTH LAUGHING] Whoo!  I can't believe this. I always knew you'd  do something right. And you know  what's crazy? GRANDDAD: Oh, yes, you did. RILEY: I didn't even mean to. What's wrong with you, boy? Here come Huey McHater again. Be happy. Your brother was  called a nigger by a white man. Not just any white man.  A district employee. [LAUGHING] Oh, oh. Wow, we're rich! It's like winning the lotto. How? Restitution.  Look at your brother. ♪ Booty dance, booty dance ♪ He's traumatized. ♪ Booty dance, uh, booty dance  Booty dance, booty dance ♪ HUEY:  Granddad, Riley's doing  the celebratory booty dance. He's traumatized on the inside. You both say "nigga"  all the time. I do not. Riley thought it was his name until he was 3. That's different. See, it's okay between us  behind closed doors. We have flipped the word  into a term of endearment. That's what I call my homeys.  You feel me? My nigga. Hey! After a lifetime of  being treated like a nigger, if I catch a break off  the word, good for me. All the years  I've been on this Earth, know how many times  I been called a nigger for free? Back in the day, when a white  man called you a nigger, you couldn't  do nothing but go cry. But now we can fight back.  As a matter of fact... Mm-hm. Mm-hm. Mm-hm. [BEEPS] Hello? Tom. Yeah. Yeah, yeah,  yeah, yeah, yeah. Whatever. Riley's teacher  called him a nigger. We gonna sue the white man.  Get over here quick. Hear what happened  to the last black man who was called  a nigger? Huh? Last year,  Terrence Kinsley, a 35-year-old  Wal-Mart employee, was called a nigger  by a supervisor. [♪♪♪] HUEY:   So somebody calls you  a nigger, you get a mansion, a yacht  and white women? Yep, it's the law. No, it's not. It is too. It happened  to the Wal-Mart guy. Pfft. You probably  made that up. I bet you Tom would know.  Where is he? Don't take that long  to get over here. Tom, hurry up. I'm trying  to sue the white man. I need a lawyer, but I don't  wanna pay, so you'll have to do. What I don't understand is that if it's  so offensive to them, then why do they say it  over and over again? MAN:  So Riley said the N-word  before you did that morning? He says it every morning.  He calls me "nigga." He calls  the other kids "nigga." He calls himself "nigga"  all the time. "Nigga this, nigga that.  Nigga, please. "Bitch-nigga. "Nigga, have you lost  your mind? "Nigga, check that ho. Nigga, you bullshitting.  Break yourself, nigga." He says it so much,  I don't even notice it anymore. Last week in lunch,  Riley says to a classmate: "Can a nigga borrow  a French fry?" And my first thought wasn't, "Oh, my God, he said the word."  Uh, "The N-word." It was, "Now, how is a nigga  gonna borrow a fry? Nigga, is you gonna  give it back?" I'm telling you, my inside voice  didn't talk like that before he got in my class. He said I said it first? Man, I'm telling you, I seen the hatred  in his eyes the first time  I walked in the class. All he saw when he looked at me  was a black nigger. [♪♪♪] TOM:  I don't know if you have  much of a case, Robert. The guy just seems  kind of...dumb. And he's already apologized. Damn it, I wanna get paid. I'm gonna call  a press conference. About what? I don't know, but I'm calling one.  Mm-mm. You got the wrong man.  That's what you did. Heh. You messed with  the wrong brother. What's the number  to a press conference? No, I don't think  we should use the word, and I'll tell you why. Because niggas have gotten  used to it, that's why. Hell, they like it now. It's like  when you growing crops and you strip the soil  of its nutrients, and then you can't  grow nothing. You gotta rotate  your racial slur. Now, I know it's hard 'cause "nigga"  just rolled off the tongue the way sweat rolls  off a nigga's forehead. But we cannot  let that be a crutch. Especially when there are  so many other fine substitutes: spade, porch monkey,  jiggaboo. I say next time you gonna  call a darky a nigga, call that coon  a jungle bunny instead. TOM:  So in conclusion, we don't wanna try  this case in the press. No. And let's remember that  the victim is a young child. So let's be respectful.  Thank you. Okay.  That was very sucky, Tom. Uh, my name is Robert Freeman,  and I have a lot of things I would like to say about this. Number one,  this is the most ridic-- [♪♪♪] Wait a minute. Wait one minute. I'd like to add something  if I could. Hey. This is  my press conference. I have a message for the Woodcrest  School District. Rollo Goodlove? What's  that two-bit hustler doin'? You have assaulted  this fine family's dignity, you have assassinated  their pride, and you have hurt  their feelings. Now, somebody gonna pay. Hm. I could have  said that. Now, we demand the school offer  an apology to Riley Freeman, to Robert Freeman, to the ghost  of Martin Luther King, and an apology to me,  Reverend Rollo Goodlove, star of the upcoming  BET show, My Dad Rollo. Heh. Mm-hm. And, uh, we also demand  that the offending teacher be terminated immediately so he can no longer spread  his hateful bigotry. And finally, we demand  that the Freeman family be compensated  for their extreme distress throughout this  difficult period. Have mercy. Speak, my brother. Speak. Whoo! Assalamu alaikum. Now, I'm telling you, now. If these demands aren't met?  Ooh, glory. Heh. They got to pay. RILEY: Right. Make them pay.  Make them pay. What, what? [ALL SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY] Hell, we might not even  have a country if it wasn't  for the word "nigga." White man said,  "Nigga, pick that cotton. "Nigga, bale that hay. Hurry up, nigga.  That's America you building." And that's exactly  what "nigga" is. It's an American original. Don't listen to him,  Granddad. He just wants to use us  to get press for his stupid sitcom  on BET. Or maybe I'm using  my stupid sitcom to get you  some press, boy. But you're not. Or am I? No. Or...yes. So, what I'm doing  is marshaling all the resources  I have available to me to ensure that justice  is served. And, uh, thumbera, how much justice  do you think we can get? I would say... about a half a million. Whoa. A half a million? [CHEERS, LAUGHS] Ooh, boy. Half a--? Heh-heh-heh. That's ridiculous. Uh, you'll never get that much  from the school district. They don't have that  kind of money. Oh, nah. They got tons  of money. Shoot. Hm. They keep it  for themselves though. They buy themselves  private jets and hookers,  and stuff like that. Your kid's eating  tater tots and Skillet Sensations  while they eatin' lobster. You see, Tom?  They're a bunch of crooks. So that makes it okay  to extort them? "Extort"? Extort? Is that what you call  the freedom struggle, brother? I suppose you think affirmative  action is extortion too, huh? Now, what in the Sam Hill  are you--? Ha. You know what? You making me nervous.  Very nervous, brother. Tom, you're fired. Ah-- What? I was doing you a favor. I'm sorry, Tom. He's not even a lawyer. Tommy. Let's not make this  harder than it has to be. Stupid dummy heads. Rollo's perm's  not even righted. He gonna cry when he get home. Okay. So, what do we do first? We gonna pay a little visit  to the superintendent. [CHUCKLES] Now, this deal includes  damages to the Freemans, plus a very generous donation to the Reverend Rollo Goodlove  Jambalaya of Justice League. [LAUGHING] Have mercy. Hey, come here.  Look at this. This nigga  must be crazy. [MEN LAUGHING] Uh-- Uh, well, uh, okay, then. Uh-- So I'll just wait  for your response, then. Okay. Hallelujah.  Mission accomplished. Time for step two. Did they give you the money? Yeah, they thinkin' about it.  They thinkin' about it. Come on. Now, I think it's wrong  for anybody to use the word "nigga" at any time. [CELL PHONE RINGS] Huh. Excuse me, hold on. Hey, Jesse.  What's happening, my nigga? The problem with  restraining speech is, who gets to set the rules? If it's only okay  in a certain time or place, who gets to say what time  and what place? Bill Cosby? Yes. As a matter of fact,  I get to set the rules about what is  appropriate to say and what is not  appropriate to say. For example, the other day, a youth walked up to me  and said: "What it do?" He sounded like  he was auditioning for a slave epic. Proper way to say  that sentence is: "What does it do?" I personally blame  the mother-- MAN:  Okay, 20 seconds... Granddad, please  stop this now. Shush, boy. Hey. Think they can introduce me  as "Young Reezy"? Y'all better sit there  and look sad. I'm gonna do  all the talking. MAN:  Okay, we're live  in five, four, three... We are back. My guests this evening  are Reverend Rollo Goodlove: activist,  presidential candidate and star of the upcoming  BET sitcom, My Dad Rollo. With him are Robert, Huey  and Riley Freeman. They are the family  at the center of this controversy.  Let me ask you, why does that word  still have so much power? Well, Larry King-- That's a very good question. Uh, which reminds me  of an upcoming episode we did on My Dad Rollo. Which premieres next month on  Black Entertainment Television. I brought a clip of it,  if you'd like to see it. Um, sure thing.  If we have it ready, let's, uh,  go to the clip. Uh, honey. I'm home. [AUDIENCE CHEERS] Hey. Have the kids found jobs  and moved out yet? [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] Oh, Daddy. Hey there, Trudy. Granddad,  this is childish. Don't think 'cause  I'm on Larry King Live I won't whup  your little asses. That's very funny stuff. We have a wonderful cast, and they work so very hard  every day, and the writers give us  fantastic material. So now, about this incident. What incident  you talking about? Oh, right. Oh, Larry, Larry. You got to feel me  on this, man. I can't even tell you what these brothers have suffered  through this past week. Oh, yes, brothers.  This is a great victory. I didn't get a chance to talk. I had a funny anecdote  and everything. They feeling the heat right  about now. I'm telling you. I stayed up all night  practicing that anecdote. Next time, I talk first. Oh, nigga, shush. LARRY KING:  We're back with my guest,  columnist Ann Coulter. So, Ann,  what do you make of this whole N-word controversy  in Woodcrest? I think it's criminal  they suspended this teacher. Heh. Why? Ha-ha.  I mean, be-- Because he stood up to  some foul-mouthed gang member? HUEY AND RILEY:  "Gang member"? They should be giving him  a medal. Heh. Give me a break. It's about time someone  in the classroom had the guts to not back down to thugs  like that. Heh. I mean, 'cau-- You know? Did she just call me a thug? She sure did. Yeah. [CELL PHONE RINGS] [RUCKUS LAUGHING  OVER PHONE] Oh, that Ann Coulter sure  pulled your card, didn't she? Now, that is one sharp,  sexy, white woman. She look just like  Helen of Troy. I don't care how big  her Adam apple is, she's still all woman. [LAUGHS] This is terrible. We're losing the P.R. war. Relax, brother.  It's all part of the plan. And it's right on time. I'm joined via satellite  by best-selling author and columnist Ann Coulter, author of Fucking  Camel Jockeys and The Liberals  Who Smell Like Them. I'm also joined by  Reverend Rollo Goodlove, star of the upcoming  BET sitcom, My Dad Rollo, and author of the book  Real Spit From Rollo. And finally, by Robert Freeman  and his grandchildren. I wanna start with Ann-- GRANDDAD: Excuse me. I, uh, also have a book.  It's not out yet. I actually  just started writing it, but I do have a cover.  So I put it on another book. So here's what it's  gonna look like: It's called,  They Called Me Nigger: One Family's Struggle  for Justice and Freedom. And it's written by me, and about me, and  it's very inspirational. So when it comes out, remember  that you saw this and buy it. I don't know what  I'm gonna charge yet. I might charge 20, $25. Anyway, TiVo this,  if you have the TiVo, and play it back  when the book come out to remind yourself  to go buy it. Uh, thank you. Okay. I wanna start with Ann. HUEY:   And so Ann Coulter and Rollo  Goodlove argued on TV. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh.  What a surprise. Here we go again  with affirmative action. Let's have a different set  of rules for blacks... [LAUGHING] ...so this little hoodlum  can say the N-word-- Now, wait a minute. I take offense at  your description of Riley as a hoodlum, Ann.  I don't appreciate it. This is a wonderful child. This teacher, because he's white, because of his skin,  he's being persecuted for saying  the exact same word. I mean, I think that  is racist. Heh-heh, you know? [LAUGHING] HUEY:   Nothing much was resolved,  but they did it again. Next, they'll be throwing  white kids in jail for reciting rap lyrics. I mean-- Uh-- Uh-- Where does it stop? This is preposterous. You better read The Secret. HUEY: And again. Oh, okay. Here's  a novel idea: I think if black people don't  wanna be called the N-word, they shouldn't call  themselves the N-word. Just like if they don't want  the police to pull them over, they shouldn't be  driving stolen cars. How dare you? How many of  these damn TV shows are we supposed to do,  Goodlove? Have they called you  about that money? Man. Not since you asked me  about 20 minutes ago, Robert. Well, don't you think  we should have heard something? COULTER:  I don't care. MAN:  Baby, baby, listen. I don't care. Is that--? Ah. Now, there she is. Don't give me that "Baby,  listen" shit, motherfucker. You think I'm stupid?  I know you fucking that bitch. Okay? I know you are.  I mean... [LAUGHING] I-- I don't play that shit. Ann don't play that shit. Rollo. Hey, baby. Hey. Give me some sugar. Come here, girl. ROLLO:  You getting thick  back there. And how you doing, Abdul? COULTER: Damn, Abdul, can you let a bitch work? Shit, one of us has to. It ain't like yo' ass  is going to get a job. Heh. You know I had to bail this motherfucker  out of jail again, right? Must be, like, the 10th time. Anyway, the school board  pay you yet? No, no. We still waiting. They ain't broke that  bread yet. But, uh, any day now. Hey, guys.  So nice to finally meet. It's been great working  wit' y'all. Uh. Hello? Ah. That bitch must have  lost her mind. I will smack  the black off her. I will snatch  the weave off... That's Ann Coulter? She crazy as hell,  ain't she? But she good people.  She good people. So this whole time, you guys  have been working together? Yeah, silly. I told you  I had it covered. I'm confused. Me too. I thought Ann Coulter  hated...everybody. Who, Ann? No, man. She just do that to get  that redneck money. Let me tell you  something about Ann. When a nigga need a nemesis, she helps me out,  and I help her back. COULTER: Mm! She a down-ass bitch. These crab cakes  are good as a mug. I fucks with these  crab cakes. I'm tearing  these bad boys up. Mm. So are you even  a republican? Oh. Hell, no. You think  I like going out there and saying this  ridiculous shit? Heh. So then why do it? 'Cause a bitch got books  to sell. That's why. Ain't no money in trying  to save the world. WOMAN:  We need Ann in makeup. All I know is they better not  stop this war in Iraq, or I might have  to start stripping. MAN [ON TV]:   And in Woodcrest tonight, the school board  has finally decided on the fate of an elementary  school teacher accused of using the N-word. Third-grade teacher Joe Petto  was given 10 days unpaid leave and ordered to take  sensitivity training. What? Oh, man.  That's some old bullshit. That's it?  W-what about my money? So, what about  Rollo Goodlove's demand for financial restitution  to the Freeman family? [RICHARDS LAUGHING] You mean we did  all this for nothing? Sorry, guys. We tried our best.  You'll get 'em next time. Hey, Abdul. I see you over there  talking to that white bitch. You ain't slick. Wait, wait, wait. That's it?  We don't get nothing? That's a damn shame  you can call a nigga a nigga and keep your job.  That's a damn shame. Come on, boys,  let's get out of here. We don't need  this shit. Whoa. Calm down, Robert, now.  We ain't out of this yet. I can make one phone call, and we'll have  two dozen protesters with picket signs  in the street tomorrow. Really? Hey, now. Twenty bucks and a Lunchable can motivate a whole lot  of activism, brother. Oh. You think  that'll make 'em pay us? A fake protest?  Granddad, you can't go around hustling  controversy for profit. Why not? You're messing with forces you can't control, Granddad. I'm telling you, Robert, they are on the ropes, man. We just gotta apply  a little more pressure. Granddad,  you're not getting paid. Just let it go. Nah. I think  maybe Huey's right. Yep. I think I'm done. Come on, boys.  I was wrong about the mansion  and the white women. I'll miss  those flat butts. Well, fine. Fine, then.  Mo' money for me. Uh, hello?  Hello, Chauncy. Hey, now, Chauncy,  you got them extras ready for  the protest, man? No, them niggas don't  get no dinner. Just Lunch... ables. MAN:   This is a Channel 5 News  update. [CROWD SCREAMING] God! Bless the lord. Move! That was the scene  earlier today in front of the Woodcrest School  District headquarters during a protest being held  by Rollo Goodlove. Stacy Renee  is on the scene. Bob, what Rollo Goodlove  didn't know was that the Sisters  of the Second Amendment had scheduled a completely  unrelated protest right across the street. We reserved this spot  three months ago, and that black nigger came  and stole our press with whatever bullshit  he's protesting over there. Ho-ho, but we have something  for that ass. [GUNFIRE] [PANICKED SHOUTING] Help! Move! Bitch,  get out of my way. That's the way. That's it. We don't  wanna have to shoot you. Oh, man. That ended badly. ROLLO: And-- And not only did  they shoot at us, they referred to us  as the N-word. Several times. And we definitely intend  to make them pay, damn it. Wait a minute. I'll bet those old broads  are rolling in money. He's gonna get rich  for sure. Damn it. That's the last time  I'm gonna listen to you. I could have been shot at   and called a nigger on TV! But no. I had to listen to you.  You blockhead! Well, one thing's for sure.  I've learned my lesson. I'm never, ever gonna say  any form of "nigger." I'm cured of that. No nigga, no nyukka, uh, with the "Y-U" sound. Not even the abbreviated  "my nig." None. No more nigger.  Nuh-- Uh-uh. And that's why I'm pushing  for a constitutional amendment that will protect  the white man's right to say any incarnation  of the word "nigga" at any time,  spelled any way, whether it be N-I-G-G-U-H,  G-G-A, G-G-A-H, or a silent "P"  at the beginning of it, without fear of persecution  or litigation. I don't think black people  should ever use racist words when describing  other black people. And if you do, then you're  a sambo and a coon. [CHUCKLES] [♪♪♪] 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 