Gypsy: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gypsy 
 s1e1 - The Rabbit Hole - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gypsy (2017): Season 1, Episode 1 - The Rabbit Hole - full transcript 
 Growing restless with married suburban life, New York therapist Jean Holloway develops a furtive fascination with a patients ex-girlfriend. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [woman] I used to believe that people determined their own lives. We were in control, commanding our futures, choosing our spouses, picking professions, responsible for the decisions that shape the course of our lives. And yet, there is one force more powerful than free will. Our unconscious. Underneath the suits, behind closed doors, we're all ruled by the same desires. And those desires can be raw and dark and deeply shameful. The more you watch someone, the more you realize, we are never really who we say we are. In fact, hidden underneath, there's always a secret. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We might actually be someone else. - [man] We decaf the assholes. - [man 2] What does that mean? [man] If the customer's being a dick, then we give 'em decaf beans instead of caff. [man 2] And how do you determine who's a dick? [man] Sometimes it's obvious. - Hey, what can I get for you? - Um, Americano, thanks. - Name for the order? - Diane. [man] A $1,000 designer suit. They're like regulars who never tip. They pretend they tip, you know? Letting their hand linger over the tip jar, but nothing ever goes in. [man 2] Coming right up... [man] It's like they think we're oblivious. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey, how's your morning going? Good, thanks. - Americano. - Okay. [cash register opens] [cell phone ringing] [woman] I know it was a very traumatic breakup for her, but I'm nervous. I read that women over 35 are 53% more likely to end up alone. - I read that in the Sunday Times. - Hmm. Have you heard about that? Claire, you can't blame yourself for your daughter's breakup. Rebecca's relationship is her responsibility, her choice. I thought of signing her up with OkCupid. [chuckles] Isn't that what they call it? But it's not your decision. For all you know, Rebecca might already be on OkCupid or dating. See, if you keep trying to control her, she's gonna keep pushing you away. You know what I'm gonna say. Yeah, I know, boundaries. I know, I know. But, you know, I'm worried. I can't help it. She works all the time, and she does not date. And soon she's gonna be old, and then what's gonna happen to her? Our goal in this room is to focus on you. And for now, you just need to carve out some time and figure out what it is that you need to be happy. Diane? Who's Diane? What? Oh. Must have picked up someone else's. Jean, can I ask you something, friend to friend? I'm not your friend. I'm your therapist, Claire. Well, just about this, I mean, you are. I just want you to know that I really like to please you. But I have a hard time letting go. I cannot let go. It's a process. [pills rattling] [door opens] [Jean] Hey, Sam. Come on in. [Sam] It's not just that. I don't know, I keep hearing her voice in my head. I wish it would stop, but, um... Sam, it's okay to be emotional. It's been eight months. You must think I'm such a loser. I don't judge, and who cares what I think, anyway? She made things exciting. Whatever you were doing, she made you feel like you're part of the best thing in the world. It could be buying groceries. It didn't matter. I never was adventurous, but she made me feel like I was. [sighing] And now, it's like this thing was taken from me, and I feel worthless. - Sorry. - No, it's okay. You just need to give it some time. You guys were in a very serious, co-dependent relationship. And it makes sense now that you feel like... you can't survive without her. Maybe it'll help if you go home, pack up her stuff and just put it in a box. As long as I have this, it's fucking impossible to keep her out of my mind. I see it, and I just remember how she convinced me of all people to get it when I've always been completely opposed to tattoos. How did she convince you? It's like... we're all searching for a larger meaning. And Sidney was it for me. Maybe I've always been searching for a reason with all the crazy shit going on in the world. She was persuasive. It's like staring at the sun. You know you should probably stop, but it's the most intense feeling in the whole world that you can't help but look. And being the one in her favor... there's nothing better. So he planned the proposal, but is anxious because he's still cheating with his co-worker. - [Sasha] How long has that been going on? - About a year. - He shouldn't marry her. - Uh, that's not for us to decide. We're here to address his issues, not make his decisions. I'm sorry. I just feel like we've been hearing about his rampant cheating stories for the past year straight. And now he's getting married. [man] Well, behavior change takes a long time. And he's made growth in his commitment to his relationship, so as long as he's showing up for sessions and putting the work in... I'm not questioning that we support our patients, but if they keep making poor choices, maybe we need to change tactics. It's just disheartening that sometimes all we can do is help them keep their head above water. Jean, I understand it can be frustrating. We have to trust that with time comes clarity. And at the end of the night, we go home to our lives, and they lead theirs. You know, when I used to think Darryl was cheating on me, we would have sex, he'd close his eyes, and I would try and imagine who he was thinking about the entire time. How fucked up is that? And it would turn me on. - [Jean] You are crazy as hell. - [laughs] Are you telling me you've never thought about cheating? [Jean] Well, even if I wanted to, I just don't have time. Fuck off. Okay, my point is, even if I was the best therapist in the world, there's no way I could cure anyone's issues with monogamy. I mean, maybe just get them to acknowledge it, which might be even worse. Ignorance, man, it's underrated. If I were Hunter, I'd tell that poor girl to run for the hills, and I'd tell my patient to find someone who actually satisfies him. Yeah, but then Hunter would get fucking fired, and he's the only piece of eye candy in that office, so no, thank you. But I'm liking this rebellious spirit, Jeanie. Means making supervision that much more tolerable. Hi, um... Combo with lamb, please. I'll take the Greek salad with dressing on the side, thanks. Hey, so Friday, I am having people over. I gotta christen that view. Yeah. Friday's tricky for me. I have dinner with the Faitelsons. Are you serious? I thought you were allergic to the Stepford wives. I mean, they're not my favorite people, but they're amusing, and it's convenient. You know what? If I was your therapist, I would tell you, you need to let go a little. Can't remember the last time we did anything real. - That was all. - Oh. - That's, uh, not true. Thank you. - [man] Thank you. I do not bullshit you, my friend. Hey, my next appointment isn't till four. I need a Brazilian. Want to head uptown? Oh, 'cause that's so fun? I have a two o'clock. I should head back, especially after this morning. Where'd that rebellious spirit go, Jeanie? - [horn blares] - [gasps, sighs] Your office is so corporate. [Jean] Thank you. You think you'd want to make it, like, warm or something. You said on the phone it was urgent. My friend Drew said her mom came, and you're like some miracle worker, so... [Jean] I'm not a miracle worker. Therapy's a serious commitment, and it begins with communication. So let's start with why you're here. It's a pretty brutal story. Are you sure you can handle it? This is a safe space, Allison. Well, I got into Fordham, okay? Studying, like, history. And I'm talking to this guy, Allister, from Berlin. I mean, long story, but I got into pills. First just, like, for work, and whatever, then it got kind of out of hand. What kind of pills? First just, like, Adderall, you know? Shit to help me concentrate. And then some other stuff. Anyway, the point is that shit's expensive, like, real pricey. And my mom works really hard to make tuition. She's a receptionist at this healthcare place, and I don't qualify for financial aid 'cause my dad has problems with the IRS. Just another fucked up story from a dysfunctional girl. Anyway, so I stole a check and used it for drugs. And what happened? What do you think happened? I had to drop out. And now I don't know what to do. Have you told your mom? That's the thing, I can't. [sighs] 'Cause as if this isn't a fucking nightmare as it is, my mom just got the results of a CT scan, and it turns out she has lung cancer. So, no, I'm just the biggest disappointment, and that's how she'll remember me. I'm really sorry to hear that. Why? You just met me. Can I ask... what made you keep going with the drugs? It's the fucking high, man. It's like without it, shit's just gray, you know? It's like you never felt a single fucking thing walking around this place until it goes through your body. And I would do it all over again, knowing everything, too. It was just beyond my control. You ever felt like that? - What can I get for you? - I'll take an Americano, decaf, thanks. Actually, what kind of wine do you have? Living on the edge, huh? Pinot grigio, chardonnay or the house red that's pretty shit? [chuckles] I'll take a chardonnay. Thanks. Name for the order? Diane. - This isn't... - It's better, trust me. You know this band? Yeah, it's mine. We play a show every Friday. Cool. Have you always been into coffee? It's a job. Yeah, makes sense. You, you must have some kind of serious job, huh? I'm a writer. You don't look like a writer. Yeah, well, I'm a journalist, so it can be kind of corporate. Anything I would have read? No. I do mostly freelance, op-ed pieces, things like that. What? It's just, you're not exactly our typical kind of customer. It's not a bad thing. It's actually kind of hot. I'm Sidney, by the way. - I'm... - Diane. I won't forget this time. [applause] - Hi. - [instructor yells] Ya! - [instructor yells] - Ya! It's Dylan, Jack and Holden. Ella's not going? She doesn't want to camp. I'm not sure about you sleeping over with just boys, honey. Why? They're more fun. [sighs] I'll call Dylan's mom. Maybe you can just go for the day. That's not fair! I understand you might feel that way, honey, but I just don't think it's a good idea. - How was school? - Boring. [Jean] Homework, shower, PJs. Hear me? - Can I get a yes? - Yes. Ow, shit. - [man] Hey. - Hey, honey. Hi, Harold, hey, how are you? I hear we're cooking tonight? Don't get too excited. I just put a pizza in the oven. - Aw, Lex said you were making something. - Oh, is that what Lex said? Yes, it is. Well, I was gonna do a whole shop, but I figured I'd go with the car. Doll upstairs? [Jean] Yeah, and I spoke with Miss Finnegan, and even with the extra time, her scores still haven't improved. She's got her whole life to worry about grades. Yeah, I just want to rule out ADHD. We're not giving her Ritalin. I didn't say anything about drugs. If we take her to somebody, they're going to prescribe it. You know that, right? You know that. [Dolly] Daddy! Is that my little ninja? Ha! [laughs] How was school? How are you? Throw the football? - [Dolly] We are. - All right, come on. [laughing] [timer ticking] This pizza's sexy. [laughs] Do you know what that means, honey? Yes, uh, cool. Like Star Wars. Star Wars is so sexy. Mm. Well, actually it's a... adult word that we use to describe a person who's... pretty. Are you sexy, Daddy? Uh, well, I'm mediocre. But do you know who's really sexy? - Who? - Your mom. Does that make me sexy? Um, one day you will be, honey, yeah. But not for a very, very, very long time. [laughs] Hey, honey, did you make a decision about the hotel? - We need to book it. - Alexis is looking into it. Oh, I'm surprised she's not joining us. What do you tell women who come to you with jealousy issues? I just know her type, young and eager to please. Well, in that case, sounds great. I'm gonna text her right now. Shut up. - Daddy? - Mm-hmm? Can I watch a show on the iPad? No, you may not, it's time for bed. - Please, just one show. - No. Dolly, upstairs, please. [mocking] Upstairs, please. You gotta go to bed. I'll clean up. You go deal with Little Miss Sexy. - Delicious meal. - Hm. It's just crazy to think someone can have that kind of power over your life. You're not getting emotionally involved again, are you? No, of course not. Just reminds me of that time before Dolly, when I was losing my mind, breaking up with you every other day. You were fine. No, you were fine. You threw yourself into work. I think that's how you made partner. I don't know if that's a good thing. Just miss that feeling sometimes. Oh, my God, are you fucking kidding me? I don't. It was a roller coaster every day. I know, but... You know, um... Actually, Larin invited me to a thing on Friday night. We have a dinner at the Faitelson's. I know, I just... I just feel like I haven't done anything fun in a while. Ooh, I'm gonna pretend I didn't hear that. You know what I mean. [iPad chimes] [groans] [both sighing] That's just... Shouldn't Alexis be out on a date as opposed to e-mailing you right now? Hey. She's not my type, for the record. Good. 'Cause you are definitely my type. - Oh, yeah? - Mm-hmm. What are you gonna do about it? Watch out. [moaning] [breathing heavily] [moaning] [breathing heavily] [gasping] [chattering] Hey. - Good? - Yeah. Oh. Bye, sweetie. - [Dolly] Hey, want to go play Fruit Ninja? - [school bell rings] [sighs] [hanger rattles] [cell phone ringing] [ringing stops] Oh, hi, I was wondering, do you have Chance by Chanel? Yes. We also carry Chanel No. 5, or our new... Just that one, thanks. [cell phone rings] Hey, honey, I just bought you the cutest little... It's Alexis. Oh, sorry, Alexis. I was just shopping for ties. Yeah, Dolly's school called. - Is everything all right? - Oh, yes, yes, sorry. You should start with that, okay? They need you to go down there. It's nothing serious, but something happened with a girl in her class. [groans] Is Michael there? Can I talk to him? He just stepped into a meeting. They tried calling you, but said your phone was off. Yeah, I was just... Okay, I'm on my way. Of course we want her to express herself, but we can't have this in a classroom. Can I ask if Dolly kissed a boy, would that be grounds for this conversation? Sorry, I have to ask. Jean, we teach this to be a safe space for our children, which means no hitting, no touching, and that includes affection. I mean, gender has little to do with it, or rather, nothing to do with it. Right, I get it, but they're kids. I mean, it doesn't really mean anything. It wasn't just the kiss. She also told Sadie she wasn't really a girl, and when Sadie said she was, she kept insisting. Yeah, Michael and I are dealing with it. Not like when we were young, huh? This sexuality stuff starts early. He was basically implying that she's either trans or a lesbian. Okay, well, so what? How is that even relevant? Right, it's not like we're gonna send her to conversion therapy. - [cell phone chimes] - Hold on. - [Michael] Who's texting? - Larin. [sighs] It's just about the thing tonight. [Michael sighs] Oh, my God. - God, I'm so not in the mood for this. - You were the one that suggested it. I thought it was a good idea at the time. [doorbell rings] [Jean sighs] - You okay? You seem a little nervous. - I'm fine. - [woman] Jean! - Hey, Holly! [Holly] Michael. Well, apparently they're getting divorced. Colin was always such a flirt, very touchy, always telling me how fit I looked, remember? Was he having an affair? - I'm convinced it was their nanny. - [Holly scoffs] And they have that Australian au pair who lives with them, I mean, come on. Do you know if it's true? - It's just my personal theory. - Oh. You guys have way too much time on your hands. You're lucky. You get the benefit of the gossip without having to show up to every school event. Touché. [woman] Oh, by the way, Eleanor signed up to bring brownies to the bake sale this year. Oh, but I always do the brownies. Sorry, she called it. Oh, we do need a pie, though. No, can't we just do two sets of brownies? I mean, it's... Oh, remember Maggie's mother bought that cherry pie last year from Stop and Shop? Oh! I mean, I know she works, but... [woman] She is a single mother. I can give you this beautiful recipe for a pear cardamom pie. - That sounds complicated. - Oh, it's simple. [woman] Apple or pumpkin would be fine. Apple's boring. Maybe pecan? [woman] No, with the kids' nuts allergies, we could stay away from that. Oh, does it really fucking matter? I mean, it's an elementary school bake sale. They won't know the difference. Can you do this, please? I can't. You okay? Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just tired. And I'm not in the mood to bake a pie. [dinner guests laughing] Well, I'll get some more. Actually, do you guys have any bourbon? [man] Since when are you into bourbon, Jeanie? I don't know, just feel like a change. [laughs] Oh, adventurous. I've got some Bulleit, Woodford Reserve. Do you drink it straight? - On the rocks. - Ah. [guests laughing] On a scale of one to ten, how bad was that? I don't know why we need that info on those hotels. You are far too accommodating. I'm strategic. Sometimes it's easier just to appease someone. Well, that soufflé was to die for. Definitely a ten. Mm, it was. I should have married her. [laughs] Go for it. I'd love to see that. I'd rather eat frozen pizza the rest of my life. You know, I think I can still make it. - Where? - To Larin's, remember? She's having a thing at her new apartment. You want to go now? Yeah. She'll be so shocked if I just show up. - But you're drunk, honey. - No, I'm not. You don't think I know when you're drunk? You say it like I'm breaking the law. I'm of age, you know? You really want me to take you to the train station right now, like this? Like what? [train horn blowing] [rock music playing] [chattering] Hi, excuse me. Can I get an old-fashioned? - What kind of bourbon? - Uh, Bulleit? She just... She doesn't treat you right. - Yeah, yeah. - That's what I'm saying, I swear. If you objectify them, you're an asshole. And then if you don't, you're still fucked. Oh! - Shit! - Shit, I'm so sorry. - Damn it. - Man, you're an idiot. Let me get you another drink. - No, it's fine. - Here, I got you. I got it. I got it, thank you. Dude, offer to pay for her dry cleaning. - Oh, yeah, okay. - No, don't worry. It's fine, I'm leaving. [sighs] [crowd cheering] ♪ Do you let me win when you play me? ♪ ♪ Do you let me win? ♪ ♪ Do you let me win ♪ ♪ When you play with me? ♪ ♪ I'd like to know ♪ ♪ Yeah, I'd like to know ♪ ♪ 'Cause I swear that I ♪ ♪ Yeah, I see you smiling ♪ ♪ Tell me, baby, is there something ♪ ♪ That you're hiding? ♪ ♪ Do you bet it all when you play me? ♪ ♪ Do you bet it all? ♪ ♪ Do you bet it all when you play me? ♪ ♪ I'd like to know ♪ ♪ I'd like to know ♪ ♪ Do you let me win when you play me? ♪ ♪ Do you let me in? ♪ ♪ Do you let me in ♪ ♪ When you play with me? ♪ ♪ I'd like to know ♪ ♪ I'd like to know, oh, baby ♪ ♪ I'd like to know ♪ ♪ I'd like to know ♪ [cheers and applause] - [Jean sighs] - [chattering] [Sidney] You lost? Oh, hi. You came after all. [Jean] Yeah, you guys were great, all of you. - Yeah? - Yeah. This is Frances. This is Diane. Hey, nice to meet ya. Nice to meet you, too. Great job. Thanks, man... Miss. [laughing] All right, ladies, I'm gonna go find Paige. Have fun. - You want? - I shouldn't. I won't tell anyone. [sighs] You are persuasive. [lighter clicks] - So, you liked the show? - Yeah. You have a real presence. It's rare. So, is he your boyfriend? - Frances? - Hmm. No. I don't really do that anymore. - Do what? - Relationships. Well, serious ones. Wow, you must have really gotten burnt. No, actually, I was just in a messy situation. What was the situation? It's really not worth going into. No, I want to know what kind of person you would be with. Well, he's the opposite of anyone I'd choose now. He was this sweet guy, the sweetest, but so needy and dependent. It was sad. He kept clinging to me for his, like, sustenance. I was just so fucking bored. You know what that feels like, when you're climbing out of your skin, completely trapped? The worst part is, he'd make me feel guilty. Tell me how he'd, like, kill himself if I left, all this bullshit. - Was he serious? - I mean, yeah. Getting out a knife, saying he'd slit his wrists. Like, do you think that makes someone want to stay with you? When you have nothing of your own? Let's get a drink. - What, now? - Yeah. Or are you busy or something? - Aren't you busy? - Nope. Well, don't you have a ton of people here, friends? No one I care to hang with. Unless you're not free. Fine, one drink. So, Frances is just a friend and so is Jack. Seems you have quite the adventurous life. - Are you calling me a slut? - [laughing] 'Cause I'm not. I prefer open-minded. We can't all be so pure like you. You think I'm so straight-laced. No, I could shock you, trust me. [scoffs] That's pretty tough. [laughs] My parents are divorced, so I spent summers road tripping through Europe with my dad. They were the highlight of everything. I'd literally count down the days, like a naïve idiot, till he'd come pick me up. Anyway, this one time, we were 42 minutes into the drive, barely left my shitty town, when the police stopped us. My dad was a fucking criminal, a liar. Real disappointment. So, five years old, holding my "Beauty and the Beast" comforter, I was escorted by the police back to my house. [sniffles] I understood then the key to happiness. And what's that? Active denial. I looked at that thing, and... and I didn't see it as real. It was this one thing that happened, and I went about my day, pretending all was cool. What happened to your dad? Supposedly in prison. I mean, I haven't seen him in ages, and I don't ever think about him, which I count to be my Christmas gift every year. But what about you? Tell me what you write about. Mostly about people. What about them? Just... there's so much we don't understand. I like to see beneath the surface, subtext. Like, for example... How vain it is to sit down and write when you've not stood up to live. Thoreau. - I like it. - Hmm. But I feel like I've lived, or used to. [sighs] Back in the day I was a little more wild. [chuckles] - But now I... - Now what? Nothing. You never wanted to get married? I tried it once. Just feel like we change so much. How on Earth are you supposed to know who you'll want to be with ten years from now? [Sidney] I couldn't agree more. [Jean stammers] - Uh, I, um... - What is it? Nothing, I just, uh, stayed much longer than I thought I would. So? What's the rush? Uh... Work. Deadlines. Well, that sucks. I really like talking to you. - Who's this? - Uh, that's my niece, my sister's kid. - She's adorable. - Thanks. - You know, you smell like me. - What? Chance, Chanel? It's just a gift box. I can't explain it, but... there's something about you that reminds me of me. [door creaks] [mouse clicking] [cash register beeps] - Hi. - Hi. [elevator bell dings] Good morning. - Good morning, Alexis. - Alan called, he wants to see you. Did he say why? No, but word on the street is his daughter-in-law just gave birth, and he's taking off to Florida. [Michael groaning] [Alexis] How was your weekend? [Michael] I ate soufflé, drank scotch. I love soufflé. Thanks for the invite. Oh, yeah, please. Jean already thinks I spend too much time talking to you. [traffic rumbling] [chattering] - Can you just give me five minutes, okay? - No. [Claire] I haven't seen her in two months. She barely answers her phone. So this weekend, when she canceled, I blew up! Why do you think she's avoiding me? It's impossible for me to speculate on Rebecca's life. I only have access to you. [Claire] I think she's just busy. If she were dating, that would be a good enough reason. I used to hope that she wasn't picking up because she was having sex. [laughs] That would be fine by me, you know? I understand your concern, but by giving her space, you might show her that you're respecting her boundaries. [Claire] I'm furious... that she won't give her mother any time. Her job is more important. The gym is more important. Even her weekly blow-out every Monday. That she has time for. And I've been to that salon. It's really not very nice. Rebecca loves you, Claire. Just give it some time. Emotions change like the wind. [keyboard clacking] [phone rings] Michael Holloway's office. Hi, Alexis, is Michael there? He's just finishing up a call. Can I have him return? Uh, actually, it's kind of important. I need to talk to him about the hotel. Yeah, I'm just waiting on the go ahead. His schedule got a bit turned around with the Abernathy case. Oh, can you just put him on? I really need to speak to him. [Michael] I understand, I think if we just concentrate more on... Jean, Belize. Um, I'm gonna have to call you right back, okay? Sorry, thank you. Putting you through. [Michael] Hey, honey. Fucking watch it! Oh, whoa, wait a second. Oh, honey, listen, I don't want to keep nagging you, but I really want to know that you booked the tickets and the flights before they get crazy. [sighs] You have no idea how much I'm looking forward to this. [Michael on phone] Honey, we're gonna need to push. What? Are you serious? I already took off my days. Alan is going out of town. It's just terrible timing. I'm really, really sorry. I promise, we will go. Alexis, can we get Bill on the line, please? [Alexis] I'll get him on the other line now. [Michael] I'm sorry, honey, I'm really busy right now. Can we talk about this when I get home? No... I don't want to talk about it. Come on, honey, don't be mad. I'm not mad. I'm just disappointed. Anyway, listen, I'm at my appointment. I'll see you at home, okay? [blow dryer whistling] I thought I was the only one who did this during lunch hour. It's like my salvation. [sighs] [pills rattle] [sighs] [Sam sighs] I did it. I put her stuff in a box. Good. But then I didn't know if I should ship it. It seemed so formal or something, so I decided just bring it to her. I knew it was her shift today at the coffee shop. You okay? You seem okay. Yeah, it was, it was fine. We talked for a few minutes, caught up. She told me a little bit about her show the other night. What did she say? Not much, just how excited she was. How she wished I could have seen it. I used to love seeing her perform. I always felt like, even if it was a full house, like... like I was the only one in the audience. You know, I was thinking, Sam, is it possible that you came on too strong with Sidney? [stammering] What do you mean? Today? No, in general. She just seems so independent and free-spirited, from the way you describe her. Maybe she felt claustrophobic. I don't understand why you're telling me this. You said the other day you had nothing except Sidney. It's never a good idea to put that kind of pressure on someone. I didn't force her to stay. We were in love, and then she got scared. Decided she needed to experience more shit. More people. So she's dating? No, she actually told me she's not interested in any guys. So she's interested in women? No. What? Well, the way you... Anyway, it's very common for young women to dally or try things. Well, she's straight, if that's what you're asking. I mean, she never even had that many close girlfriends. I mean, I would know, right? Yeah, I'm sure you would. Well, anyway, I could tell she's unhappy. How? I just felt it. It was small things, but I could see it. Well, sounds like she's finding her way, figuring out a lot. I mean, aren't we all figuring it out? Not to make it about the past or anything, but Sid's dad died when she was 11. Wait, her dad? I thought... Yeah, she was at camp. She spent summers in America, 'cause of her mom, and one day her mom drives up there and just tells her. She didn't even get to go to the funeral. Never got closure. I think that's where her trust issues come from. I'm really the only guy she's ever trusted. So, yeah, I know her, probably better than she knows herself. ["Gypsy" by Stevie Nicks] ♪ So I'm back to the velvet underground ♪ ♪ Back to the floor that I love ♪ ♪ To a room with some lace ♪ ♪ Some paper flowers ♪ ♪ Back to the gypsy that I was ♪ ♪ To the gypsy ♪ ♪ That remains ♪ ♪ Faces freedom ♪ ♪ With a little bit of fear ♪ ♪ I have no fear ♪ ♪ I have only love ♪ ♪ But she was just a wish ♪ ♪ She was just a wish ♪ ♪ And lightning struck only once ♪ ♪ And your gypsy ♪ ♪ Your gypsy ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 