Magnum P.I.: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Magnum P.I. 
 s1e3 - The Woman Who Never Died - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Magnum P.I. (2018): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Woman Who Never Died - full transcript 
 Magnum is hired to find out the true identity of a man's comatose fiancée when he learns that she's had extensive facial surgery. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously onMagnum P.I.: MAGNUM: When Robin Masters offered me the job as live-in security consultant as a way to supplement my P.I. business, I jumped at it. This is... Juliet Higgins. Majordomo of the estate. I oversee the property and the people that work here. So you're his boss. That would require Magnum to actually have a job. Can you contact one of your old MI6 buddies, run a background check?Magnum, I'm no longer MI6. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [grunting and groaning] Is that necklace really a spy camera? Touch it, I break your fingers. MAGNUM: That's Rick. If you want something on the island, Rick is the man to see. TC: Try it. [laughs] I dare you.MAGNUM: That's TC. He runs the best helicopter tour business in Hawaii. Friends like those come around once in a lifetime. Up high. Oh. [classical music playing] [thud] [dogs whine] [thud] [object rolling] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 -[dog barks] -[sighs] WOMAN: You know what your problem is? I'm terrible at golf? Besides that. Your club face is rotating open on your backswing. That's why you're slicing the ball. MAGNUM: She's right. She's always right. And in case you're wondering, this is Teuila Tuileta, but we call her Kumu. It means "teacher." When Robin Masters bought this place, Kumu came with it. Her family's been living in this area since the 1700s. Besides being my own personal golf pro, she's the cultural curator of the estate. Watch your pelvic tilt. [chuckles] Big arch. Oh, oh, no. Less Kim, more Kendall.[laughs] Remember, full shoulder turn. Magnum! Fore! Uh-oh. Have you lost your mind? Oh, look at the time. I got to brief the staff. Aloha.Kumu, please stay. She was just helping me with my long game.KUMU: I can't help it if Mr. Magnum sucks. I know you can be a little thick, Magnum, but did you ever consider maybe turning around and hitting the ball in the opposite direction? Oh, into the ocean so you can have me arrested for polluting? Forget about it. You know she would have done that. No question.Are you aware there are over 20 public golf courses on this island? Why don't you use one of them? Hmm, she makes a good point. Wait, whose side are you on? The side that pays my salary: Mr. Masters. But since he's not here, I got to back up my sister. Girl power. [phone rings] May I help you? Yeah, Luther H. Gillis to see Magnum. [mouthing] Yes. Yes, he's right here. Hey. How you doing, Luther? Thought you were in Saint Louis. I was.Vacation? No. Skip trace. Mm-hmm. So... I know why you're here, and I just want to let you know I'm a little light right now.Shh. Slow your roll. Dude, I didn't come here for your poker money that you owe me. No?No. No. Came here to do you a solid. Yeah. I got you a referral. Thank you for that, but, I mean, I'm the competition. Why would you want to throw me a case? [laughs] First of all, you're not my competition. Secondly, you do good work, it could square you up. [clicks tongue] Okay, so, what's the case? Well, I'm a little sketchy on the deets. Client's name is Neil Crawford. Nice shot.He left a message on my service asking me to meet him over at Kings Medical today. This guy doctor or patient?Oh, dude, I don't know. I mean, some dude looking for background information on his fiancée. I call it a pre-prenup. Is that even a thing? It is if the check clears, homey. [laughs] Actually, you wouldn't know, 'cause you don't have money. Anyway, I'll let him know you're coming. Don't embarrass me. And, um, also, it would behoove you to work slowly. Maybe milk three or four days. Capisce? Yes. Oh, I forgot. Um, 60% off the top goes to me, so that should clear your poker debt. Great. Uh, 40% plus expenses. [laughs]: Wow, you are so funny. Expenses come out of your end. Later, player. MAGNUM: Okay, I have to admit, that was a smooth move, Luther handing me a case to make sure I paid my poker debt. I just hope there's enough left over after this job to fill up the Ferrari. MAN: Mr. Magnum? Neil Crawford. This is, uh... Tara, my fiancée. Uh, can I ask what happened? I don't remember much. It was a hit and run. HPD have any leads? No, but they're investigating. You're probably wondering why I want to hire a P.I. right now. Figured you want somebody outside of HPD looking for whoever hit you. Uh, yeah, no, this is... about something else. Uh... After the accident, the hospital started running all these tests, one of which was a CAT scan, and it revealed something... odd. Apparently, Tara had extensive reconstructive surgery on her face. According to the doctor, there's no sign of any physical trauma to warrant it. And we're talking multiple operations. And you had no idea? We've been together a couple years now, and she never said a thing. She must have had her reasons. Yeah, well, whatever they are, I'd like to know why she changed her face, and I'm hoping that you can find out for me. You could wait for her to wake up. Ask her. Yeah, I could do that, but then I'd spend the rest of my life questioning whether or not she told me the truth, and I don't want to feel like I can't trust her. MAGNUM: I hear you. Walk away. This woman's got a secret she doesn't want her fiancé to know about, but I know what it's like loving someone you can't trust. And believe me, that's a feeling that you don't want to experience. Mr. Crawford... you got yourself a private investigator. Thank you.[shake hands] ♪ MAGNUM: Most guys in my profession will tell you: never take a case that hits too close to home. Messes with your judgment. But if I turned my back on every case that involved the betrayal of a significant other, I'd have no career. Thomas Magnum. Sorry, do we know each other? Detective Katsumoto, HPD. Detective Tanaka's mentioned you a few times. Oh, yeah, Detective Tanaka. We got this kind of, like, mutual man crush going on, so I'm sure it was all very positive. I heard he got promoted to head of detectives, right? How's that going?Honestly? I think he's glad not to be running into you anymore. [chuckles] Well, you tell him I said aloha. Yeah, I better not.Yeah, that's probably a good idea. Hey, are you, uh, handling the hit and run? That's right. How do you know about that? I'm doing something for the fiancé, but unrelated. Make sure it stays that way. Copy that.[elevator bell dings] [chuckles] MAGNUM: Yeah, I'm thinking the same thing you are. Detective Katsumoto seems like a real ray of sunshine. I'm sure we're gonna be great friends. Speaking of friends, I asked Rick to help me find someone who could show me what Tara used to look like. For anyone else, that might be a tall order, but Rick always seems to know a guy. Akela, Magnum. Magnum, Akela. This guy is the best med lab tech on the island.How you doing? Yeah, so, uh, what do you got for me? Everything you asked for. I got the, uh, CAT scans and some photographs. [blows] Let's see here. Huh. So, you want me to reverse-engineer a forensic facial reconstruction based on this woman's maxillofacial procedures, yeah? [laughing]: I have no idea what that means. Can you just show me what Tara would have looked like before her surgery? That's what I said. Technically, you said it in nerd speak, which Magnum doesn't understand. And you do? I'm fluent in nerd. So... I do this for you, I get a free helicopter tour of the island?That's the deal. [exhales] Sweet. Uh, yeah. Give me a couple hours. I'll see what I can do. Tell me you cleared this with TC, right? Of course. Promise me you'll leave me out of this. [footsteps approaching] Magnum, why are you in the study? Don't mind me. I'll just be a minute. Problem is I do mind because you're using my computer. It's like watching a chimpanzee trying to operate a typewriter. What are you doing? Scratch that. What are you trying to do? Running a background check on the fiancée of a new client. When's the wedding?Soon as she wakes up. She's in a coma. She was involved in a hit and run. That's awful.Yeah. Oh, for God's sake. Out of the way. First off, this database that you're using is archaic. Mm.You're not gonna find much of anything with this. MAGNUM: She's right. To do a really deep background check actually requires some next-level software, like the kind used by intelligence agencies. Of course, someone like me can't get access to something like that. But an ex-spy like Higgins? That's a different story. Magnum, why are you smiling? I'm not smiling. Why do I get the distinct impression that you are toying with me? I'm afraid you'd be wrong. MAGNUM: Okay, she's not wrong. I was slow-typing on purpose to get her to take over. But before you go judging, you should know that while it might seem like Higgins is put out by this, I think she secretly misses this kind of work. Magnum, are you sure you're using the correct name of your coma patient? Yeah. And how old did you say she was?I didn't. 34, though. Why? Um... oh, just take a look for yourself. It seems your client's fiancée is using someone else's identity. This doesn't make any sense. Why would Tara want to become someone else?I don't know. But if we can find out who she was, then, you know, we might be able to get some answers. Actually, this is where you might be able to help. You see, people can change their name, they can change the way they look, but they can't change who they are inside. Are there any details about Tara that you might be able to share? Likes, uh, interests. That kind of stuff can really help. Uh, I don't know where to start. I mean, she's... she reads a lot. She's funny. She's r... she's really funny. How did you two meet? I picked her up. Literally. I was an Uber driver, and she, uh... [clears throat] Well, Tara, she volunteers at the Bishop Museum. She needed a ride. She doesn't drive, so... At all?No. I mean, she doesn't need to. She works from home. But, uh, truth is, she's-she's terrified of getting behind the wheel. [chuckles] I tried to teach her once, and she just took out a parking meter. So that was the end of that, but... MAGNUM: Is there anything about Tara physically that can help identify her? Oh, she has a scar where she had a tattoo removed. It's right there. Can I take a picture?Yeah. Which one of these do you think you might want to remove? Um... All of 'em? I'm just here for emotional support. I'm gonna need you to disrobe. And I'm out. Uh, I'm sure you look great au naturel, but, uh, I feel like this is gonna take a while, so I'm gonna wait in the lobby. ♪ MAGNUM: Yeah, I know what you're thinking. Using a friend to distract a doctor and sneak a look at some files is kind of shady. But before you judge, remember this, looking at old photos of tattoos to help I.D. someone isn't exactly violating doctor-patient confidentiality. Also, I have a client in desperate need of answers. If you have to judge, trust me, I've done a lot worse. Okay, I got a hit on your tattoo. It's linked to an open case. Robbery-homicide. Unsolved. Robbery-homicide?Yeah, late-night smash and grab at a jewelry store three years ago. I'm gonna need the whole case file. That's still an open investigation. I can get you a hard copy, but I just got to figure out a way to justify the request. Well, how about just the basics for now? Yeah, here we go. Vic was an employee. Shot and killed. Homeless guy in the alley behind the store reported seeing the same ink on the hand of the masked suspect fleeing the scene. This mean something to you? Yeah. Means my client's fiancée might be a killer. It was my fault. We were closed for the day, and I... I asked my son to go back to the store because I'd forgotten my sunglasses. Casey must have stumbled into the robbery. Bullet entered his heart, and... he was... he was dead before he hit the floor, my son.Easy, Sam. Hey, I'm-I'm sorry to make you guys relive all this. I just have a couple more questions. This was made by an expert in forensic facial reconstruction. Does she look familiar? No, not to me. I don't think so. Why? Do you think she's involved? I don't know, to be honest. Right now, she's in a coma. And, hopefully, when she wakes up, we might be able to get some answers. Hey, look, I don't want to get your hopes up, but if-if I find anything out, I will let you know. Thank you, Mr. Magnum. MAGNUM: Sometimes you get lucky, and the clues start falling into place and the case basically solves itself. Not this one. It seems like every answer leads to more questions. Like, if Tara was behind what happened, wouldn't it have been easier for her to just skip town? Instead, she went through the trouble and expense of changing her face, which makes me ask, what was she sticking around for? [musical ringtone playing over phone] ♪ I'm a midnight mover. I think I know what this is about. Thomas, this is getting ridiculous. Look, I told you before, I can't be paying off your favors with free helicopter rides. Look, I love you, man, but I'm trying to run a business here. It's the last time. You hear me? Last time. [sighs] [phone chimes] [laughing] [revs engine] How'd it go at the cultural center? Very well. I told the board members you volunteered to do cultural tours of the estate when I'm not available. You didn't. [chuckles]: Of course not. You think I'd do that to our guests? [chuckles] That for Magnum? [clears throat] Um... You're helping him, aren't you? Absolutely not. Would it be so bad if you were? [school bell rings] [shuts off engine] You're smiling again. I'm just... I'm happy you called. I should have done this over the phone. No, I'm serious. Whatever it is, it's probably important for you to leave your post. A post is a place at which a soldier is stationed. I, on the other hand, am the majordomo of one of the largest estates on the island. Yet you're here, with information that might help me with my case. Which is what I'm thankful for. And which is why I'm smiling. But, you know, if it makes you feel any better, I could-- I don't know-- listen and frown. Oh, why, thank you for your appreciation. You can keep the frown. So what do you got? Okay, so after you left, it occurred to me that Tara would most likely have gone to a plastic surgeon with questionable morals.Agreed. Cross-referencing plastic surgeons with legal, financial and ethical problems, I think I came up with someone who could've done the procedures. Problem is, he passed away last year. Okay, so, basically, you have nothing. It turns out the FBI froze his files. Yeah. Maybe somewhere in those files is Tara's real identity. Yeah, sure, I could do that. You know, wait a few weeks for the FBI to release documents to a civilian. And maybe, just maybe, if I'm really lucky, there might be some lead inside there worth pursuing. Or I could just go inside this building right here, where she volunteered. Because outside of her fiancé, the people inside there are probably the ones who know her the best. Fine. I've never seen this woman before. Are you sure? She told her fiancé she volunteers here three times a week. I'm sorry. She doesn't. Thank you.Thanks. Shall we call the FBI now? Yeah, Tara not only lied about her past life, she's lied about her current one, too. So, I have an appointment with an FBI field officer tomorrow. You're welcome. It's customary to say "thank you" first. You're not one to stand on ceremony, so better safe than sorry. Can I ask you a question? By all means. What are you doing here? I mean, really. What are you doing? Pity, Magnum. Watching you fumbling around in Mr. Masters' office, I couldn't help but feel for the poor man who hired you. You just can't do it, can you?Do what? Just be a normal human being and say, "Hey, Magnum, I wanted to help." Oh. Whoa. KIDS: Whoa![kids laughing] Used to play soccer? From kindergarten to Cambridge. But it's called "football," if you don't mind me saying. I mind, actually. Daft retort. I-I think that was an insult, right? Very much so, yeah. Okay, well, good to know. I'll see you around. Wait, Magnum, I need a ride. Didn't you take an Uber here? Okay, an automobile depreciates with every mile and consumes an exorbitant amount of costly fuel. Plus, I, unlike some people, don't take advantage of Mr. Masters' goodwill constantly. Right. Okay, so I'll drop you at Robin's Nest, but I have to make a stop first. [clacking]When you asked to make a stop, I didn't think that stop would involve committing a felony. Oh, come on. Don't act like you've never done this before. Oh, I have. For you. And I got shot for the trouble, if you remember. Down and twist. I know what I'm doing. Just... let me concentrate. [lock clicks] What are you looking for? The spot. The spot? Yeah. Everybody's got one. Place where they hide stuff, you know? Personal stuff. Important stuff. Tara's got to have one.I don't have a spot. Come on. You're telling me you don't have a go bag stashed somewhere? You think Tara's spot is in her refrigerator? No. Just hungry. Tara's got a central vacuum system. Oh, your powers of observation are quite remarkable. No, it's not that. Why have one of these... ...if she's got central vac? Admit it. Pretty good private investigator. You have had your moments. They're all birthday cards to a girl named Harper. Got the... eighth, ninth, tenth, unsealed, still in the envelope, no address, unsent. HIGGINS: "So great with your friends and so fearless on the playground." "The way you show respect to your teachers says a lot about you." These are very detailed observations. Teachers, playground... Tara was definitely keeping an eye on this girl. That's why she came here every day. It's the perfect vantage point to watch a kid at recess. Uh, Magnum, you're not thinking of impersonating a police officer, are you? Relax. It's not real. You do know what "impersonating" means, right? [school bell rings] Harper, this is Detective Thomas Magnum and Dr. Higgins.Hi. They need to ask you a few questions. Is that okay? But before we get into that, can I just say that I love your top. Thanks. My grandma gave it to me. Oh, she's got great taste. MAGNUM: So, Harper, I have a question, and it's a pretty easy one. I've got some photographs I want you to look at. They're computer-generated, okay? Do you know who this is? It kind of looks like... my mom. MAGNUM: Giving a client bad news is never easy. Unfortunately, it's something I have to do a lot. I had Neil meet me at Rick's because, well, let's face it, if your fiancée lied to you about pretty much everything, you'd probably want a drink after. Her real name's Emily? Emily Layton. She's got a kid? Yeah, a girl named Harper. Apparently, the father was never really involved in her life. From what I can gather from the school administrator, Emily was a great mom, but after the incident at the jewelry store, she just... disappeared. Grandmother's been watching Harper ever since. I know this is tough. Just... uh, try to keep an open mind. Open mind? You just told me the woman I love might be a murderer. We don't know that, though. Someone who would go to such extreme lengths to see her daughter doesn't strike me as the same kind of person who would shoot someone in cold blood. Th-there's... there's more to this case, and I-I will find the truth. No, I, um, just... I don't want to know any more, so, uh... [sniffs] Thank you... for everything. What are you gonna do now? I don't know. I mean, I still love her, but even if she didn't kill that guy, she still deceived me about... everything else, so... I'm not sure I can get past that. MAGNUM: Yeah, I've seen that look before. The gut-wrenching pain of a truth that changes your life forever. That's the look I've seen in the mirror. Thomas, your buddy Benny from HPD dropped that off for you. Is that the jewelry store case? Yep. Entire case file. Not that it matters anymore, 'cause according to my client, I did my job. It wasn't your fault, you know. I know. I'm talking about Hannah, not your client. [chuckles] You, uh... You know, I started here as a bartender. I read a lot of faces; I heard a lot of stories. And let me tell you something. I know you. And I know that look. I have a look? Yeah. A man who feels betrayed by the woman he's gonna marry. Sound familiar? You got the look of a guy who identifies with your client. But here's what's different: Hannah didn't just betray you. She hurt all of us. [sighs] And I'm gonna keep telling you this until you believe it. TC and I, we never blamed you for it. Thanks. What's this? Nice. Should cover your tab. What are you doing? I need that. So do I. You're three months behind. Tell you what, though, I'll buy you a beer. That way, you don't feel like all this work was for nothing. [sighs] ♪ Here you go. What is it? The sole witness who saw Tara fleeing the scene said she went into another alleyway, then reported a car driving off. So she drove off in a car, so what? So, Tara-- Emily-- she doesn't drive. She doesn't even know how. I think there was another person involved in this crime. Sh-She had a partner. [knocking on door] Hello, Harper. Dr. Higgins? That's right, and Detective Magnum. Is your grandmother here? Nana. You're going to sweep the chimney for this. Uh, can I help you? Hi. Yeah, I was wondering if we can talk to you for a minute. It's about Emily. KITTY: I want to see her. Harper will want to see her. I understand, but she made the decision to disappear. Not just for her safety, but for the two of you. She couldn't kill anybody. I believe you. Which is why I want to find out who was with her at the jewelry store that night. Do you have any idea who that could be? Before she left, she... she had this boyfriend who had her completely spun around. I never met him, but I could tell Emily was afraid of him. Three years ago, she came to me, wanted to borrow money. She finally admitted it was for him. I refused, and... [crying]: that was the last time we spoke. Can you tell us anything about this boyfriend? I couldn't even tell you his name. He never came to the house. Did Emily leave, um, a cell phone behind or anything that might help identify him? I never came across one. But her room is just as she left it. You're welcome to go look around. ♪ Where did Emily get this? Her boyfriend. He gave it to her after one of their fights. I heard Emily accuse him of stealing it from his work. What is it? Stay here, okay? Don't leave. Magnum, what's going on? [horns honking] MAGNUM: Okay, I'm gonna take a fairly educated guess here and say that Val from the jewelry store was Tara's mystery boyfriend, and that the two of them pulled the robbery together. But if I'm right, that also means I've got a pretty big problem, because I inadvertently told Tara's accomplice that the one person who could implicate him is laying in a hospital bed like a sitting duck. [phone keypad beeping] [phone rings] Katsumoto.MAGNUM [on phone]: Hey, it's Thomas Magnum. Whatever you do, just don't hang up. It's important. Where are you? I'm on my way to the hospital. She's up. What do you mean, "up"? Tara, she's out of her coma. I'm going over to let her and her fiancé know we found the driver that hit them. [horns honking in distance] Magnum. Uh, yeah, listen, get to her room and stay there, okay? Do not leave. What's going on? I think Tara might be in danger. I'll explain when I get there.[horn honking] Thomas, you can't just sit in traffic like everybody else? Save it for the air. Got to get to the hospital now. ♪ Katsumoto. All right, you want to tell me exactly what's going on? And what are you doing snooping around an unsolved homicide? Where's Tara?She's gone. Unidentified male, early 30s, came in, dropped him, and took her at gunpoint. Happened right before I got here. Any idea where he's taking her? [knocking on door] [gasping]Get in, get in. Hurry up. VAL: Get in there. Mom. Emily. I'm so sorry. Oh, no. No, it's okay. Okay, that's enough. That's enough. I want the stuff. Where is it?Val, please. KITTY [in other room]: Emily, who is this? VAL: I'm the guy that she stabbed in the back. KITTY: Just calm down. VAL: You said it was here. Now show me. KITTY: Show him? Show him what? Emily, what is he talking about? The jewelry that we stole! Your daughter, she hid it. TARA: Mom, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. VAL: She hid it, and I want it back. No games. Just give it to me, and I'll be gone. Harper, come here, sweetie. Okay. I don't want you to worry, but I want you to do me a favor. Do you know the people who live next door? Yes.Okay, I want you to go to them and tell them that someone is in the house and to call the police, okay? Where is it? Show it to me now! It's under there, third step. Third step? [panting] [taps stairs] [phone beeps] [line ringing]MAGNUM: Yeah. Magnum, it's me. All right, keep this line open. I know where they are. Okay, um... get a hammer. You, get a hammer. Go get a hammer! Please don't hurt her! Is that what you think, huh? What, that I'm a monster that you need to hide from? I left because I was scared of you. You forced me to do something I didn't want to do, and then you killed someone. I told you that I panicked. Casey wasn't even supposed to be there. What's going on here? Who the...? Who the hell are you? I'm the nanny. The nanny? VAL: Where's the kid?HIGGINS: She's at swim class. VAL: You're lying.HIGGINS: I'm not. I swear to you. KATSUMOTO: We can be there in less than ten minutes, but if I call in the cavalry, it's gonna spook him. Looks like it's gonna be you and me. HIGGINS: I need to go pick her up. If I don't, she'll be scared.VAL: No! Stay right there, okay? Don't move. Y-You stay there! You don't move. What is taking so long?! Bring me the hammer! [panting] No, no, no, don't give it to her. Give it to her. You-you take the hammer. Come on. You, pry up the floor. [engine revving, tires squealing] Oh, that's it right here. Pry up the step. Let's go. Let's go. This one. One, two, three. Hurry up. [hammer rattling] Come on! Come on! I'm trying. [Val clears throat] Is it there? [Val panting] [panting]: Okay, okay. Give it here. Give it here. Back away. Back away. TARA: It's all there, every piece. I was hoping to return it someday. Figured you'd get tired of pretending to be a loyal employee and move on. But you got away with murder, and that job made you an unlikely suspect, didn't it? [sniffles, pants] HIGGINS: You got what you wanted. Now why don't you just go? [panting] You're coming with me. No! No! Please... Val.Get... Come here. You're coming with me. [crying] KATSUMOTO: HPD! Drop your weapon! Back off!It's over. Let her go! Listen, please, okay?HPD! Open the door! You don't need to take her.You shut up. HPD! Open up.Just go out the back. Calm down, okay? All right? Look, don't do this. You do not need to do this. Okay, she has a daughter. Okay? Calm down. [shrieks]Come on. Go! Go! Go! Go! Mom! HIGGINS: Kitty, hurry. Go. [gasping] [grunting] [grunts] Where's Magnum? Oh, my. [grunts] [tires screech, horn honks] [Magnum grunts] [grunting] [grunts] [groaning] [panting] [phone beeps] [phone ringing] [phone beeps]Magnum? [Magnum pants loudly] Magnum? Yeah. [pants heavily] I got him. [groans, sighs] Watch your head. [quiet, indistinct chatter] Gonna see your mom. Okay? [indistinct radio chatter] [laughing] ♪ MAGNUM: What's gonna happen to her? Once she's cleared medically, I'm gonna have to bring her in and charge her. But given everything-- including the fact that Tara's participation in the robbery was coerced-- prosecuting attorney might be agreeable to a deal. KATSUMOTO: I guess when you love someone that much, you can forgive them for betraying you. Yeah? Not everyone can. You know, Tanaka was right about you. How's that? He said you could be a pain in the ass, but good at your job. Think that was a compliment? We'll see. ♪ Come on. Admit it. You miss the action. Nah. This is the bit I miss-- the reward. ♪ Ah. Come to Papa... Where's the rest? You said 60%, right? This barely covers half of what you owe me. Case wrapped up pretty quick. How quick? Day. A day?! You closed this case in a day?! I can't help it if I'm good. Good? You're a moron, Magnum! I told you to slow-walk this thing. Snail the investigation, milk it. That's how you pad the bill. I don't like taking advantage of people. Then don't be a private dick, then! No wonder why you need to mooch off of this Masters guy. I do not mooch, okay? Is any of this stuff yours? No. Then you're a moocher! Look, look, I'm sorry, okay? I'll make it up to you next time. I promise. If there's a next time. See you at poker. Bring cash! [classical music playing] [golf ball thuds on roof, dog growls softly] [thud] [sighs][ball rolling] [sighs] Higgins, I-I'm sorry. I... I'm trying. I just can't get rid of this slice. If you would. Thank you. You keep slicing because you're looking up to see where the ball is going. Mm. That's it, huh? That's your little pearl of wisdom? Mm-hmm. Keep your head down on the follow-through. Like so. Huh. I didn't know you played. Royal Worlington & Newmarket Golf Club junior champion two years in a row. Who knew? Apparently not you. No. Good day. Head down on the follow-through. Head down on the follow-through. Down on the follow-through. [glass shattering] HIGGINS: Magnum! Sorry! Captioning sponsored by CBS 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 