Magnum P.I.: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Magnum P.I. 
 s1e10 - Bad Day to Be A Hero - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Magnum P.I. (2018): Season 1, Episode 10 - Bad Day to Be A Hero - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I said down, come on, let's go! Get down. Faster! You, move. - Keep those hands up! - MAN: Take it, take it all. Okay, everything goes in the bag. Watches, phones, jewelry. Faster! Come on, let's move. All of it! Get those earrings off, lady. In there now. Come on, hurry! In there, now! We good? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You, poker lady. Get up now. It's okay. I said get up. Faster. Faster. Let me help her. Let me help her, man. Stay where you are. The safe. Open it. - Now! - Please. I'm not gonna tell you again. (WOMAN SCREAMS) You picked a bad day to be a hero, pal. MAGNUM: It's not like Rick to call in the middle of the night, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 so I knew right away it was bad. Now, I don't have all the details, but I guess his friend Toni was looking to put together some quick cash to help out her sick brother. Enter Rick, who was able to rope in some whales for a card game. The only problem is the game got hit. The whole situation makes me think of that old saying: no good deed goes unpunished. - Toni. - Hey, thanks for coming. Of course. You all right? Yeah. Little shook up. Yeah. Hey, buddy. - How you doing? - (GROANS) You know, I'll live. Do you think maybe you could see if there's some fresh ice in the machine down the hall? Is that code for wanting some privacy with Thomas? Yeah. Fresh ice, coming right up. Thanks, Toni. What? There a little thing going on? Come on. Relax. I'm supposed to be your best friend. You weren't gonna tell me anything? Look, there's nothing to tell, all right? I like her, yes. I'm just being careful. I mean, it's different when you have feelings for a friend. I get it. So, you want to tell me what happened? Uh... Like I told you, Toni got behind on her brother's medical bills, so I helped her put together a little game. A no-limit Texas hold 'em with the highest rollers I could find. Guy Hagi was here. Meghan Lou, this ranching heiress. Uh, there was this hedge fund guy from New York, uh, Bert Lyons. This big-shot local business guy, Russell Chang. Loves to gamble. And finally, Pascale. MAGNUM: Wait, uh, Pascale Parata? The O.G. crime boss himself. Now, the buy-in was 15K, and Toni was taking a rake, five percent of each pot. A rake. So the game wasn't exactly... Legal, no, but it was for a good cause. Now, we were about four hours in when it happened. There was a lot of rebuys happening, so there was a ton of cash on the table. This is amazing. Bert Lyons just rebought for 30k and didn't blink. Well, that's chump change for him. Chump change for all of 'em, actually. But not for you. You didn't have to play, you know. Well, these guys wouldn't have shown up unless there were six people. Yeah, but what if you lose? No, listen, I'm playing smart. I'm up 5K. Do you realize how many dinners for two that is? I do. If only I had somebody to go with me to one of those dinners or all of those dinners or... I can think of someone. (KNOCK ON DOOR) You expecting someone else? No. (GROANS) Nobody move! Nobody move! - RICK: It's okay. It's okay. - Get back. Rick? Hands up high where I can see them. Everyone around the table and down on your knees. Move. Let's go, let's go. Get down! Everything goes in the bag. Watches, phones, jewelry. Keys, everything. Faster. RICK: They wanted everything. You know, uh, wallets, phones, keys. Then they wanted to get in the safe. Toni froze, so they kept on pressing her. And that's when you jumped in and... Yeah. How much money was in the safe? 260 thou. Ouf. Look, Thomas, I need your help. All right, I-I got to get that money back, but I can't call the cops because it was an illegal game. Forget the money. Nobody got hurt. Right? You just got to know when to fold 'em and figure out another way to help Toni. You don't understand. Toni was the bank. Now she's got to cover those losses. Right now most of the players, they're willing to take a credit for the next time they play. But not the guy who was up. He wants to be paid in full. - And who was that? - That's the problem. It was Pascale Parata. The crime boss, perfect. Uh, how much was he up? 170. Now, before he left, he gave a deadline for Toni to square up. He wants the cash by tomorrow afternoon. Pascale, he is not one to make idle threats. He is dead serious about this. Well... let's go find the money. I hate what you represent. A walking mid-life crisis. What happened to you? Coconut fall on your head? - Is it really that bad? - Actually, it's an improvement. I wasn't expecting you until next week, so this has to be serious. Yeah. Got myself in a bit of a bind. What's her name? Toni. Tell me. Well, last night she's hosting a poker game. I offered to help. Brought in a couple whales. About halfway through, two mutts kick in the door and rob it. Now, the problem is Toni is the bank, so she's on the hook to the guy who was in the lead. And who's that? Pascale Parata. How the hell did you rope Pascale in? You dropped my name. (SIGHS) Sorry, Icepick. You were always in a jam growing up, Rick. Headed down the wrong path. On your way to becoming a criminal degenerate like me. So what do I do? I nudge you onto another path. Now you're a war hero earning an honest living, and still you're mixing up with animals like Pascale. And what the hell were you doing bringing a crime boss to a game? Look, I know, I know. It was stupid. I get it, all right? (EXHALES) My guess? They're amateurs. - What makes you say that? - Because if you're gonna pull a cowboy score like that, you wait till the end of the night when the maximum amount of coin is on the table. Look, my advice to you, kid? Be smart. Stay out. Guy like Pascale gets involved, it always gets messy. And no skirt is worth a bullet between the eyes. Toni is way more than that. You sound bit, my friend. Maybe. She has MS. Tough break. Not for her, it isn't. Let me tell you, Ice, this woman is stronger than I ever will be. And she knows me well. So much so that I was afraid to make a move at first. Got a gal who can call you out on all that baggage you got. That's a horse of a different color. So, you think you can talk to Pascale? He gave her a deadline till this afternoon. I-I just need a little more time to track down the dough. My one redeeming quality in this life is that I've always tried to be a father figure to you. What kind of father figure would I be now if I stepped in? No. You got yourself into this, Rick. Get yourself out. It's the only way you're gonna learn. (LOCK BUZZES) You talk to Icepick? Yeah, his hands are tied. What is this? We got less than six hours. What are you guys doing gawking at women on FlicPhoto? - Relax, we're not. - You said the gunmen - wore jeans and hoodies, right? - Yeah. Well, Thomas had the smart idea of looking through any photos location-tagged to the hotel last night to see if maybe somebody caught those guys on camera coming in or out of the place. Oh, that is smart. You get anywhere? Not yet. I checked out Toni's dealer and bouncer. They're both clean. I mean, it's possible somebody mentioned something to the gunmen about the game, or maybe one of the players blabbed about it, and somebody thought it'd be a quick score. (CHUCKLES): If that's what happened, then my money's on the hedge fund guy. You mean Bert. Why him? Because this clown was dumb enough to actually post a photo of his chip stack during the game. Well, that makes sense. Bert thinks he's a social media celebrity. He's got, like, 90 followers. Yeah, a guy who would brag like this seems like the same type who would run his mouth. MAGNUM: Yeah, but the problem is we don't have time to talk to everybody that Bert might have mentioned the game to. I think our best chance we have of seeing these guys is the hotel's video surveillance. I told you, that place has a very high-security firewall. It would take days to break through. Well, that's why we've just got to go down there and get it. But how? You're not a cop. Yeah, and I have a feeling that they're not just gonna hand it over if you go there and ask nicely. No, you're probably right. But I think I have an idea. (LINE RINGING) HIGGINS: Hello. Higgy, it's Magnum. Uh, how do you feel about being my wife? Must we really walk arm-in-arm? Y-Yes. Well, you want them to buy it, don't you? Aloha. Welcome to the Maika'i Hotel and Spa. How may I help you? Hi there, Philip. Uh, me and my lovely wife here have a reservation under Sam Marlowe. (TYPING) PHILIP: Hmm. I don't see any reservation under that name. Well, there must be some kind of mistake. We made the reservation months ago. (AMERICAN ACCENT): Um, Philip, if you could just do me a favor and would you just check again? There must be some kind of a mix-up. I mean, it's-it's our anniversary. I'm sorry, but, uh, it's not here. Wait. Okay, hold up. Are you saying a reservation that I made three months ago somehow just vanished? HIGGINS: Honey, calm down. I'm sure that they can, uh, still accommodate us, right, Philip? I'm sorry, ma'am, but it's just that the International Pet Food Convention's in town and we're completely booked up. The International Pet Food Convention? Are you kidding me? We-we flew 15 hours from Omaha to get here to celebrate our anniversary, and now you're kicking us out on the street because some International Pet Food Convention is happening? That's crazy. HIGGINS: Honey, relax. It's-it's not good for your blood pressure. I want to talk to the manager, Mr. Akamu; I made my reservation with him, and he promised me not only that the suite would be ready, but that there'd be rose petals scattered from the doorway to the bedroom, just like I asked. I'm sorry, babe, that was supposed to be a surprise. Aw... rose petals? Honey, that's so romantic. I know, it's really... I know. Akamu, of course. One second. Okay, do your thing. Nice American accent, by the way. HIGGINS (NORMAL VOICE): There's nothing nice about an American accent. Wish me luck. - AKAMU: Mr. Marlowe? - Yes. - I'm Akamu. - Mm. - I understand we have an issue. - Yeah. Yeah, there's an issue. My wife's in the ladies room crying her eyes out right now. You know, I'm a verified user on Yelp with 714 reviews, and I have never, okay, not once, left a one-star review. Don't make me start today. Not only that, I have almost 10,000 followers on Twitter. I don't want to leave a review talking about this clusterfudge. I want to talk about how spectacular this place is, how attentive the staff can be, the food, the-the spa, the services. Like, all that stuff. And we all want that, too. It seems we actually have a last-minute cancellation. - Okay. - It's not the room you booked but it does have an ocean view. - I like ocean. - Plus, I can give you a voucher for two free nights in our fabulous honeymoon suite to be redeemed at a later date. Would that be satisfactory? You know what, Akamu? This is the kind of service I expect from the Maika'i Hotel. You just earned yourself five stars, buddy. Thank you, sir. Thank you. You, too, Philip. I'm going to go tell my wife. They bolted right after midnight. I'll check the cameras by the lobby elevator and stairs. MAGNUM: Uhp, there. Took the service elevator down. It looks like they're headed for the parking garage. RICK: Terrific. No clear shot of their faces. It's like they knew where the cameras were. Could've done some recon beforehand. RICK: Ah, getaway car. They had a wheelman. - HIGGINS: Right. - (TYPING) The vehicle is registered to a Terry Kanarot. His address is in Mililani. 450 Coral Road. MAGNUM: Let's go. (QUIETLY): You find him? You don't have to whisper. TC: Damn. RICK: Is that the money? Nah. It's just the personal stuff. Wallets, phones, watches. This one here is, uh, Mike Davis. Then that must be Terry. You think the guy that was driving turned on these guys and split with the cash? Maybe. Or it was whoever told them about the poker game. Your boy's eyes are closed. You're gonna have to pry 'em open if you want that to work. I'm gonna go ahead and call "not it." Yeah. TC and I found this place, man. I... I think it's all you. RICK: You guys are such candy-asses. There you go. (SIGHS) Okay, this is interesting. What you got? Terry was texting with a guy named Charley Franks immediately before and after the robbery, saying, "Almost at the door." "Keep the engine running." Terry was giving Franks updates. So this Franks could be the wheelman. Maybe. If he is, we got to find him. Go through that, see if there's anybody connected to the game. No, it doesn't look like it. They got a tip from somebody. What? Okay. Just... just hear me out. Theoretically, Toni could have told these two guys about the game, right? Oh, come on. You crazy? Toni? You said it yourself. Her brother needs care. A big score like that could help. Yeah, but she was already taking a rake. What is it, five percent? Toni's not gonna rip off her own game. I don't know, man. You'd be surprised what people would do for family. - Hey, you don't know her, okay? - (PHONE RINGING) Hey. All right, stay there. Stay there, I'll be right over. Is there a problem? Yeah. It's, uh, it's Toni. - I got to go over there. - She okay? Not really. Should we come? No. No. Y-You just... you go and make sure you find that Franks guy. (SIGHS) I don't think he wanted to hear that about Toni. Yeah. So what do we do with these two stiffs? (HORN HONKS) Pascale's crew do this? If they were sending a message, I heard it loud and clear. This is all my fault. No, it's not. No, it is. I'm the one that roped in Pascale. What? What is it? I'm thinking I should just get on the next flight off-island. You're gonna run? What choice do I have? I promise, we're gonna find the money. Odds are you won't. No, that's not true. No, we got a lead and it's a good one. The guys are working on it right now. Running is the safe move here. Were you in on this? What? Just answer the question. Were you involved in this in any way? In the robbery? How could you even ask me that? Your brother needs money right now. 100% is better than five. Are you serious? Look, those guys didn't just stumble onto that game. Somebody told them about it. Somebody gave them the time and the place. And you think that didn't occur to me? I've been asking myself, was it Liko, was it my dealer who could've talked? But you have to believe me, I had nothing to do with this. - Look, I want to believe you, but I... - Forget it, Rick. I don't want to talk anymore. Hey, hey, hey. Listen, listen. Don't leave. Don't leave. Look. You. Me. This. This... This could be something. Come on, tell me you don't feel it, too. Tell me you feel something. I'm-I'm really putting myself out here. I do. Look, I know you're scared, but you got to trust me. And if we don't find the money, I'll be on that flight with you. You can't mean that. Why not? MAGNUM: TC and I went by Charley Franks' apartment. Place was empty, but we talked to a neighbor who saw Charley leaving this morning with a backpack and overnight bag. My guess is our wheelman's gonna lay low for a bit. And I think I might know where. So you think we're gonna find him over there? Mm. I know this might sound crazy but I've had my fair share of skip traces, and more than half the time they're hiding out at their mom's place. ♪ Bad boys, bad boys ♪ ♪ What you gonna do? ♪ ♪ What you gonna do ♪ ♪ when they come for you? ♪ Katsumoto! I'm about to head out to a crime scene in Mililani. Two bodies at a house. You know anything about that? No, I-I can't say I do. Magnum, you know they record those anonymous tip lines, don't you? And you know I know your voice, right? Uh, yeah, yeah. No, I-I... I called it in, all right? You got me. Great. Want to explain how you ended up at a crime scene with two dead bodies? Uh, you know, I'd love to, but I'm on a case right now. But I promise you I-I will fill you in later. I'm gonna check out this crime scene, but after that, you're gonna tell me everything. What's that for? Just follow my lead. I don't know, man. This Charley guy looks like he grew up in a nice neighborhood. Patriotic family. Yeah, how'd he get involved in something like this? Yeah. Good question. Hi. Can I help you gentlemen? You're not here to sell me something, are you? Mm, no, ma'am. We're actually census takers. Uh, but the census isn't for another two years. Just getting an early jump on it. A lot of people to count. So, it says here, uh, Charley Franks resides at this address. Uh, can I talk to him? That can't be right. Charley has his own place. So... Charley's not here? No. Sorry. So nobody else resides here? No, just me. Oh. Who's the other pair of slippers for? Uh, those. They're mine. (CHUCKLES): Really? Men's size 12, huh? (ENGINE REVS) (TIRES SQUEAL) A lot of people ask me why I choose to drive Robin Masters' car instead of getting one of my own. Easy. Zero to 100 in just 2.9 seconds. Thomas, I-I think he's gonna hit us, man. MAGNUM: Nah, he's gonna stop. That's easy for you to say... if we get T-boned, I'm the one getting boned! Come on, man, do something! Quit playing, man! See? Told you he was gonna stop. I hate you. Got the money. Who are you guys? He's a private investigator, and I'm... I guess you could say I'm the muscle. (PANTING): I thought maybe you were the guys that killed Terry and Mike. Oh, so you didn't kill them? What? No way, man. Okay, so there's two dead guys, and you got the money they stole... you tell me how that looks. Yeah. But I didn't kill them. Look, when I got to Terry's place this morning, they were already dead. I just saw the money there, and I grabbed it. So somebody else killed them and left that big wad of cash behind? Good luck selling HPD on that. It's the truth. I'd never betray those guys. - So if you didn't kill them, who did? - I don't know. And who told them about the poker game? I don't know that, either. Look, they didn't tell me much. Terry just, he... he asked for my help, and I said okay. Just like that? He was a good guy. Mike, too. Look, I get how it looks, but it's the truth. My older brother served with them. 2nd Ranger Battalion. He was KIA. Terry and Mike brought his body back, so my mom and I could give him a proper burial. I owed those guys. I would've done whatever they asked, no questions. And besides, Terry... he said he was doing it for a good reason. He said he was doing it for his family, and it wasn't about money. (PANTING) ♪ Bad boys, bad boys, ♪ ♪ what you gonna do? ♪ ♪ What you gonna do ♪ ♪ when they come for you? ♪ Katsumoto. All right, I checked out the crime scene. Now it's your turn. How the hell'd you get onto a double murder? I was investigating a robbery. The two vics ripped off a friend of mine last night. You sure about that? 100%. Well, I'm finding that a little hard to believe. Why? We ran both of them. Terry Kanarot and Mike Davis were decorated former soldiers. Both served with distinction. Both had good jobs, stable lives. Is that right? Any idea who killed them? MAGNUM: My little voice is telling me that Charley is telling the truth, which means I've got a choice here: tell Katsumoto about him or leave him out and cross my fingers I'm not letting a killer off the hook. No, I don't... I don't know. Sorry. I have to talk to the M.E. But I want to see you in my office in two hours. You're gonna walk me through every step of your investigation. Well, Charley, looks like it's your lucky day. We're gonna take this, try not to mention your name to HPD. In the meantime, lay low, all right? Whoever killed Terry and Mike might want to try and tie up some loose ends. I got it. Thank you. Let's get out of here. Got somebody waiting for this money. My bad, man. (PANTING) (SIGHS) Wow. Guys... I cannot thank you enough. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Come on. Bring it in. I need a group hug. Thank you, boys. Thank you so much. Now all I got to do is text Pascale and tell him we have his money. I don't know about y'all, man, but I am beat. Y'all got me running around here like I'm Shaft. All this private investigator work is hard, man. (EXHALES) Hey, man, you okay? Yeah. I just don't have that "case closed" feeling. You know? What are you talking about? We got the money back, Toni's safe. Got my stuff back. All is good in the world. There's also two dead Rangers sitting on ice in the morgue. Yeah, that's true. I mean, HPD's on it, though, right? I don't get it. They-they served with honor, they had great jobs, and then they suddenly decide to break bad and-and pull off a robbery like this? It just doesn't make sense. Well, Charley said that they did it for a good reason, right? That it was about family. Maybe that's where the answer lies. He also said it wasn't about money. Maybe they were after something else. What do you mean, "something else"? Well... ...money wasn't the only thing they stole at the poker game. What are you doing? There it is. The-the hula girl key chain. It isn't here. What if those guys were after the keys, and they-they stole everything else to cover it up? And then they killed those guys to get the keys back. And that explains the left-behind money. TC: I don't know, Thomas. That all seems like a reach to me, man. Actually, it doesn't. You know, Icepick said something to me earlier. He said, "You don't rob a poker game until the end of the night." These guys didn't do that. That tells me money wasn't the priority. MAGNUM: Exactly. They were after the keys. Okay, so who do the keys belong to? Whoever it is, they're probably the killer, right? Rick? Let's see, uh, who was sitting across from Bert? Uh, Russell Chang. MAGNUM: What's his story? He's a local business guy. He owns some sort of employment agency. Agro Workforce Solutions. Something like that. Is he shady? I-I don't know him very well. But you know who does? Pascale. - Probably shady. - (LINE RINGING) PASCALE (ON SPEAKER): Hello? - Hey. It's Rick Wright. I just sent you a text. I got your money. Saw that. Come by my club, 30 minutes. RICK: You got it. Hey, now that I'm back in your good graces, let me ask you something. What can you tell me about Russell Chang? Why are you asking? Just indulge me. Is he trouble? You could say that. Word on the street is the guy's in the slave trade. Like trafficking? More like forced labor. So, what's the plan? Higgy finds this Chang guy, then what? Confront him as to why he killed two servicemen. HIGGINS: Okay, got him. He's at the Hawaii Union Bank on Ala Wai. What? MAGNUM: Take a look at the key. TC: What is that, a number? Could be a key to a safe deposit box. If it is, I'd like to know what's in there that's worth killing over. Let's head to the bank. MAGNUM: There he is. Russell! Can we talk to you for a minute? We just want to ask you a question about Mike Davis - and Terry Kanarot. - Where you going, bro? - TC, grab that. - I'm on it. (CHANG GRUNTS) Get your ass over here. Wait, you're not a cop. Private investigator. Yo, Thomas, you got to see what's in here, man. It's passports. Who are these people? He had 27 passports on him, all citizens of Thailand. And he wouldn't tell us why, but Rick did some research, and it turns out that Chang's main business is recruiting workers from foreign countries, and bringing them here to work on local farms. Word is, once they get here, he takes their passports and uses that as leverage to keep 'em here. He tells them they'll get their passports back after they work off the cost of bringing 'em over here. Guy's a slave trader. MAGNUM: And there's more. Higgins did a deep dive, and it turns out that one of the gunmen, Terry, had a cousin who arrived on the island eight months ago from New Bangkok International. His name is on one of the passports. Yeah, we're thinking that Terry and Mike were trying to get their hands on these passports to liberate Terry's cousin and the rest of these good people. Somehow those two must've found out where Chang was keeping them and where he was gonna be last night. Yeah, and since there were no guns or bodyguards allowed in the hotel room, they thought it'd be a great time to bust in there and take the key. We need to find these people. You have the wrong idea. I was just holding on to these, keeping them safe. I've got detectives out at those farms right now. Apparently, these people were all put on buses early this morning. Now no one can find them. 808-555-0192. What's that? My lawyer's phone number. I think I'm done talking. I want to know where these people are. Lawyer. You're relocating them, aren't you? Lawyer. All right. Call your lawyer. I'm just gonna go call the prosecuting attorney and have her indict your wife as a coconspirator, since she's an employee of your company. How old are your kids? Five and seven, right? If they're lucky, Child Services won't split them up when they're put in the foster system. (EXHALES) They're on a boat. He's moving 'em off-island. Wait, uh, what are you doing? Gonna have the Coast Guard intercept that boat. What? Hold up. The moment Chang's crew is approached by any law enforcement vessel, they're gonna start throwing bodies overboard. You got a better idea? Actually, yeah. I do. I can't believe I let you talk me into this. This is a bad idea. People see a tour copter, it's not gonna raise - any red flags. - No, I'm not talking about that. That's a good idea. I'm talking about letting you come along. I don't care if you were military. You guys are civilians now. We're gonna be over international waters. Anything goes wrong, you will not be held responsible. Trust me. I still don't get why you guys are doing this. Mike and Terry wanted to free these people, and it cost them their lives. We didn't know 'em, but they were still our brothers. We're gonna finish what they started. ♪ Let's go. Get us out of here, TC! I assume you have permits for those. Yeah, yeah. I'll apply for them as soon as we land. TC, I got her. There's no sign of any crew. Take us down, as close to the deck as possible. All right. Hold on. This is gonna suck. (HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING) Go check it out. Come on. (WHISTLES) (AUTOMATIC GUNFIRE) (GRUNTING) (GRUNTING) (SHOUTING, GRUNTING) (PANTING) (GRUNTING) (GROANING) How 'bout we turn this boat around? How 'bout not? (GROANS) How 'bout we turn this boat around? Absolutely. Thank you. How's that hand? Doesn't feel good. CAPTAIN: In here. Turn around. (WHIMPERING, CRYING) It's all right. You're safe. You can come out now. Thank you. Thank you. (MAN SPEAKING THAI) Uh, I'd like to say a few things, if that's all right. Um, to you guys, uh, thank you - for always being there. - (CLEARS THROAT) Higgins, thanks for having my back. You are very welcome. And to my new BFF, Detective Katsumoto. Well, I wouldn't go that far. (CHUCKLES) And to, uh, Terry and Mike, two guys who we didn't know, but I feel like we had a lot in common with. - Salud. - Cheers. Cheers. - Hey. You made it. - Hey. Yeah. Um, unfortunately, I can't stay. Oh. Yeah. But I wanted to see you. - Hi, guys. - Hey. - Hey, hey. - Hey, how are you? Uh, what's-what's this? It's a little gift. - Something to say thank you. - Oh. TONI: It's a koki'o ke'oke'o. - Wow, it smells nice. - (CHUCKLES) Sure I'll be able to keep this alive? You kept me alive. Can we talk alone for a minute? Yeah, sure. So I never told you this, but when I moved to Hawaii, I never thought it would be permanent. Just looking for a little adventure. But I ended up sticking around because I had a job that I liked and I met some pretty great people. I sense a "but" coming. You got the money back, but my reputation's gonna take a hit over this. I mean, who's gonna play in a game that got held up? We'll figure something out. I'm gonna have to start over. And I don't think I can do that on a tiny island. So my plant is a parting gift. I'm going back to the mainland, some place where my games are legit, and I don't have to look over my shoulder all the time. Most importantly, I'll be close to my brother, who really needs me right now. So this is it? I don't know. I hope not. I know the timing's lousy. Yeah. Thank you for everything. The game, the money, your friendship. I wish it could be different. Me, too. Enjoy the plant. For some, it symbolizes strength, and love. Bye, Rick. ♪ Where you're going, ♪ ♪ I can't follow ♪ ♪ You ♪ ♪ So take me ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ where your ocean finds ♪ MAGNUM: You all right? ♪ Its deepest blue... ♪ She's leaving. She's going back to the mainland. I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah. It's not that bad. You know, we freed those people, got the money back. Just didn't get the girl. Nah. (LAUGHS SOFTLY) Look at the bright side, you still got me, TC and... a plant. Still though, I'd rather have the girl. You know, if I had to choose. Yeah, I don't blame you, brother. I don't blame you. ♪ The deepest blue. ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 