Magnum P.I.: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Magnum P.I. 
 s1e5 - Sudden Death - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Magnum P.I. (2018): Season 1, Episode 5 - Sudden Death - full transcript 
 TC asks Magnum to take on a case to help acquit the father of one of his young football players who is accused of murder. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 BOYS: Break! [crowd cheering] Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. ♪ Go ahead and take 'em down... ♪ Blue 52, blue 52. Hut, hut, hike! ♪ We're gonna show 'em up, they're spinnin' out now ♪ ♪ We're gonna show them what this team is all about... ♪ [whistle blows] ♪ We came to steal your fame and take your name... ♪ Rick, it's a simple stakeout. [laughs] I've heard that before. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You know, I'm still paying for the damage to the club's boat from the last time you borrowed it. I thought you said it was insured. Apparently not for bullet holes. [laughs] Doesn't Robin have a yacht? I live in his guest house. I drive his Ferrari. I-I can't ask him for any more favors. Here's an idea: don't ask. Yeah. You mooch everything else. Why stop now? It's true.[chuckles] Here we go, here we go. [crowd cheering] Yeah, yeah! Come on, let's go! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Go, go! Go, Makoa! TC: Ooh, that's all day, baby. Good game, good game. MAGNUM: Man, that kid gets better and better every game. Yeah, and we know it can't be from the coaching. [chuckles] Mak-man, you keep this up through next season, you definitely have a shot at that scholarship to Saint Lou High. [chuckles] I'm proud of you, man.MAN: Makoa! Coach, I got to go. Good game, bud. What's up with Mr. Friendly? Never shows up to the games. Only picks up his kid afterwards. Hani's all right. Just been hard since his wife passed away last year. He works two jobs to support him and Mak. So cut him some slack, Orville. MAGNUM: Single father, two jobs... I don't know, it kind of sounds like your pops. [chuckles] Yeah, that hadn't occurred to me. What's that? Nothing. Get in. ♪ MAGNUM: Higgins, it's-it's me again. Can you come out here, please? Can you do something about these velociraptors? Easy, lads. [low growling] Took your sweet time, didn't you? Just like you took your sweet time cleaning up the mess you made on Mr. Masters' yacht the other night. Is that what this is about? I was trapped in my car for ten minutes. Bad enough that you take your employer's vessel without asking permission... It was an emergency. I was working on a case. Oh, please. Empty beer bottles, pizza boxes, a bikini top hanging from the mast? A friend stopped by. She's European. They don't like tops. Oh, spare me. This mess is your responsibility, Magnum. You, and you alone, need to... sterilize the area with extreme prejudice. Oh, unless of course you want me to inform Mr. Masters that his "personal security consultant" hijacked his boat. No, no, we don't want that. I-I will clean the boat. Splendid. Come, lads.[snap fingers] [honks] TC, what's up? I need your help. It's Makoa. Kid's never missed a single practice before. Now he's missed two in the last few days. I called his school. They said he's been absent since the weekend. You try calling his father? Tried, yeah. I left texts, messages. He's not getting back to me. I just swung by their house in Nanakuli. Place looks empty, locked up. I'm worried, Thomas. I-I feel you, man. Just take a breath. Look, I know you got a weird vibe about Hani. He's just-he's just not social, you know? But he's a good man. He loves his son. You don't have to sell me. I'm your brother. You had me at "help." TC was personally invested in every kid from his football team, but Makoa was like a kindred spirit. When TC's mom abandoned her family, his father stepped up, gave TC a decent upbringing and became something of a hero to him. That's why TC loves being a surrogate dad for at-risk kids and just another reason why I'd do anything for him. [lock clicking] Aloha? Anybody home? That's not right. What ain't right? Cereal. It's Fruity Nut Puffs. That's some real impressive detective work, Thomas. Listen to me. Fruity Nut Puffs swell up and get soggy after ten minutes in milk. These... What are you doing? It's warm. Makoa? You can come out now. Mak. You know who this is. Huddle up. Come here, cuz. What's going on, man? What you hiding for? I thought you were Child Welfare. Why would Child Welfare be here, Mak? Where's your father? Arrested. [sighs] Arrested for what? [whispering]: About a year ago, Hani got himself tagged for public intoxication, spent the night in the drunk tank. I posted his bail. He was still reeling from the death of his wife. I thought he stopped drinking, but... Why don't we swing by HPD? Maybe they'll kick him if I promise to get him into a program. You gonna see my dad? I want to come. A'ight, little man, come on. We'll all go together. Let's go, bud. OFFICER: I can't help you, Magnum. I got no info. You're gonna have to talk to the detective in charge. Okay, so, point me to who's in charge. Right behind you, Magnum. So, what's your interest in this? Hani Iona's a friend of ours. Wait. You work Major Crimes, Katsumoto. Since when do you handle drunk and disorderly? What D&D;? This is a murder case. Your pal's our prime suspect. KATSUMOTO: Vic's name is Dr. Ellis Mason. Lived on Kauai, worked in Honolulu. One of those concierge MDs. And the body was found in a parking garage by a couple of tourists who also saw a Saturn fleeing the scene. And when unis pulled over your friend, he seemed extremely nervous, so we brought him in for questioning. That sounds pretty circumstantial. Damn right it does. MAGNUM: You test him for gunshot residue? Uh, GSR results were inconclusive, but... we did find blood on his shoes. Did Hani say what he was doing in the parking garage? He claims he was a patient and Mason said to meet him there. But he's not on Mason's patient roster. Also, the trunk of Mason's BMW contained supplies of PEDs. Steroids. So, Mason was doing some dealing on the side. You tell me. Any reason for your friend might be interested in PEDs? No. Hell no. No way do I believe Hani is juicing his son. I-I didn't say that.Yeah, but you were thinking it. What makes you so sure Hani didn't kill this guy? 'Cause I know him. It's not in his nature. Remember that story you told Rick and me about when you were a kid, your father got picked up on suspicion of bank robbery? The charges were dropped. That's exactly my point. Maybe you're projecting your father's innocence on a man that-that you don't know as well as you think you do. Don't strain yourself reaching, TM. Look, one thing has nothing to do with the other. I know Hani enough to know that he would never do something to risk losing his son. Yeah, well, I'd have to hear that from Hani himself and Katsumoto is not gonna let anybody talk to him except for his lawyer.Okay. Let's find a lawyer to help sneak you inside. They'd be risking their career. Where are we supposed to find a lawyer with murky morals like that? Thomas. Ain't that a friend of Rick's? Aloha, honey. Vanessa Nero, Attorney at Law. I'm here to speak to my client, Hani, uh... Uh, Hani Iona. Legal teams only. Oh, Mr. Magnuson-- he's been a trusted investigator at my firm for years. Magnum.Whatever. Perhaps now would be a good time to settle up, sweetie. I think Rick told you you'd get your money when the job's done. I got you in, didn't I? We're done. Okay. Maybe I can get a receipt for that? My office'll e-mail you. [lock buzzes] [latch clicks] Don't mind me, doll. I'm not even here. I know you. You're Coach's friend. Uh, yeah, that's right, uh, Thomas Magnum. I'm a private investigator. Where's Makoa? He's safe, with TC. Uh, Hani, I w-want to help you, but you have to tell me what happened. I had nothing to do with that. I swear it. Dr. Mason was already dead when I got there. Why didn't you call the police? I don't know. I panicked. I wasn't thinking clearly. [phone chimes]Wow. If you were Mason's patient, why would you meet in a parking garage? It was his idea. He was treating me off-book. I couldn't afford his usual fees, and insurance wouldn't cover it. Treating you for what, exactly? Just general things. General things. So it had nothing to do with the PEDs in his trunk? Performance-enhancing drugs? T-The steroids? I don't know anything about that. Did they tell you about the threats? What threats? Dr. Mason was being threatened by someone. A-Another patient, I think. And how would you know that? Because he confided it to me, more than a week ago. I told the arresting officers, but because I didn't have a name, they ignored me. Or they didn't believe you. Was the parking garage the only place that you and Mason would meet up? Uh, couple times, uh, he had me meet him downtown, at a gym. What gym? I don't know if you noticed, but your boy in there wasn't being entirely honest. I thought you weren't listening. I read body language fluently. He's gonna need a really good defense. Make sure you give him my card, doll. MAGNUM: Vanessa was right. Hani was holding back something. But if he was right about someone threatening Dr. Mason, then the boxing gym seemed like a good place to start. But first I had to find someone to look after Mak. It's out of the question. It's just until TC and I get Mak's dad out of trouble. Look, I appreciate the enormity of the situation, and I-I feel for the child. His name's Mak. Mak. But I have a lot of work to do here and no time to babysit. And besides, what would I even do with him? You could feed him. My nephew was always starved when he was Makoa's age. Right, then. Come along, Mak. Let's get you fed. Do you like duck? I think we have some left in the refrigerator. No worries. I'll make him a grilled cheese sandwich. ♪ The frustration, rage, trapped inside a cage ♪ [bell ringing]♪ The beatings till the age I carried a... ♪ ♪ Somebody stop me ♪ Please!♪ ♪ Somebody come and get me ♪ What?♪ ♪ Little did I know ♪ That the Lord was ridin' with me ♪ ♪ The dark, the light, my heart, the fight ♪ ♪ The wrong, the right [indistinct chatter] ♪ They don't know ♪ Who we be... Yeah. He said, uh, Mason used to come in here from time to time. In fact, just last week, he got into an altercation with... that beast, Wade Steuben. He's an MMA fighter. All right, let's go talk to him. Wait, h-hold on. On that note, in order to get that information out of the guy, I had to... offer up a sparring partner for his boy. Who, me? You offered up me? All right, man, who's his boy? That guy. Nah. This dude? He looks kind of vicious. Relax, you got 30 pounds and a four-inch reach advantage on the guy. You'll be fine. Yeah, stay away from his left. And his right. Hey, look, just bob and weave, man. Get a couple minutes in there. I'll go talk to Steuben, we'll get out of here. Have some fun. I'm-a kill you for this. [grunting] Wade Steuben. Big fan. [sniffles] That was some fight last week. I haven't had a fight in months. No, I'm talking about the one you had here, with your steroid supplier. Your little run-in? Look, I-I'm trying to get a little something-something for my fighter up here. What do you think? [gasping, coughing] I wouldn't waste your time. Why is that? That jerk sold me a masking agent to pass drug tests. I failed twice. It cost me a two-year suspension, three endorsements and the title shot. Hey, I'll be right back. Huh? Two-year suspension-- sounds like a pretty good reason to kill a guy. What, you didn't hear? Ellis Mason was shot two days ago. What are you, a cop? Eh, private investigator. Then no one will mind too much if I kick your head in. I'll mind. TC, got to go! [grunts] Good fight. [phone rings] Katsumoto. It's Magnum. You seriously need to look into a guy named Wade Steuben, an MMA fighter. Magnum...I'm pretty sure he's the one Hani said was threatening Ellis Mason. Look, he's got motive and a temper. I've got something better-- murder weapon. Heckler & Koch 9mm.Where? That's the best part. We have security footage of it being tossed into a dumpster a half mile from the murder scene. Three guesses who did the tossing. All right. He's being transferred to Oahu Correctional. Prosecutor's officially charged him with murder one. Let's go. You're thinking about your father. I'm scared I won't see him again. Of course you will. You'll come to discover that Mr. Magnum... generally succeeds in what he sets out to do. How come? You remember what this piece is called? The knight?Mm-hmm. This particular one happens to be the white knight. And players often underestimate it, because it's unassuming. Its moves seem almost erratic, unpredictable. But quite often, it will surprise you. You could almost argue it's the most important piece in chess. Next to the queen, of course. But the knight won't let you down. What do you mean I'm letting you down? Hani lied to me. He must've had good reason. Just because we're down at the half don't mean the game is over. No, this isn't halftime. This is sudden death, and we're on our own two-yard line. He had the gun. There must have been some good explanation for that. Well, we're not gonna know what it is until they're finished processing him. Look, you have to consider the possibility that Hani is guilty. Look, Wade Steuben is the killer. I know it in my bones. And so do you. MAGNUM: Maybe TC was right. But someone with Steuben's temper and penchant for violence wouldn't have needed a gun to kill Mason. Maybe we were missing something. There she is. [sighs] Not now, Magnum. I'm slammed. More like slammin'. Hey, I, uh, got a present for you. You got that from the vending machine outside in the hall. You know, the quality of your bribes has taken a serious nosedive. Must not be that important of a favor. No, it's important. I just didn't have time to stop and get something better. [sighs] So what do you need? You know the autopsy on Dr. Mason? Was there any bruising or contusions indicating a struggle with somebody really strong? I did notice some bruising, but I haven't done the full workup yet. I can't give you anything conclusive until I start the autopsy. Can you let me know as soon as you do? There could be another bag of stale chips in it for you. [sighs] Fine. The sooner you leave, the sooner I can get started. Thank you. Don't touch it, Magnum. I wasn't. I didn't really need to pick it up, anyway. I recognized the crest on the valet ticket. The Lunalilo Palace Hotel and Condos. Pardon me.Oh, I'm so sorry. My daughter was told that she'd be able to pick up her husband's wedding ring here. You're Mrs. Mason. Yes. This is my mother, Ruth. I-I'm Thomas Magnum. I'm investigating Dr. Mason's murder. I'm very sorry for your loss. Thank you.We appreciate what you and the other officers did, capturing the man responsible. Oh, uh...These past two days have been so awful. At least now Brooke can fly home to Kauai with some small sense of closure. You're welcome. [sniffles] I don't know what made me feel worse-- their grief or that I was working to undo their closure. The Lunalilo's night manager was an old client of mine. He confirmed that Mason rented a condo there during the week. Saved him from the commute back and forth to Kauai. [beep] A 50 from TC was enough to get us a keycard into the place. Who still uses these fossils anymore? People afraid of their voice mails getting hacked. WOMAN: It's me. Meeting's running late. I'll just meet you at the condo tonight. Text me when you get this.[beep] Doesn't sound like his wife. MAN: You're gonna pay for screwing up my career, Mason. You can't hide. That's Wade Steuben. [beep] ♪ ♪ We have to find out who she is and how she's connected to Mason. She had a key card to his condo. Do I got to draw you a map? She's Mason's little side chippy. Side chippy? Look, don't get sidetracked. Steuben's who we're after, not Mason's little extracurricular bedroom buddy.[door opens] [door shuts]RICK: All right, boys, we're in luck. Borrowed this from a pawn shop buddy of mine. Now, she's a loaner, so please-- gentle. STEUBEN: I know where you live, so you better be watching your back.[beep] There it is. That should be enough for the cops to pick Steuben up and check out whatever phony alibi he comes up with. It's Hani Iona. I won't ask again. Stop calling my house. You don't have to remind me about the money I owe. You'll get it. Now stop harassing me. [beep]Hani owed Mason money. So? What if he did? That's a motive. You always owe me money. That don't mean I'm gonna kill you. Look, Steuben's still the one throwing threats around. I agree, but everything on this tape is evidence. I'm obligated to turn it over to the cops. You can't do that! It's not just a question of what's ethically right. I could lose my license. That tape could be the nail in Hani's coffin. Motive is the one thing that the cops don't have. They have everything else, okay? Why won't you accept that? You're not gonna turn that tape over! Hey, let's all remember we're friends. You know things are getting out of hand when I'm the voice of reason. Yeah, look, you have to have more than a feeling that Hani is innocent. How many times, when we were serving together, did you have a feeling or a hunch about something? Me and Rick always had your back. That's different, all right. You're projecting. Just because your father was innocent doesn't mean that everybody e... He wasn't! My father wasinvolved in a robbery. And he went to prison for it. I lied about him being acquitted. I lied for a long time. Lied to myself, my friends. I went to live with my grandparents for six years until he got early parole. Why didn't you tell us? Man, you have no idea what that did to me. But I have an idea of what it's gonna do to Makoa. Well, Tommy, what are you gonna do now? What's this? It's from the vic's answering machine. A threatening phone call from Wade Steuben... and something else. You'll know what it is when you hear it. You did it, didn't you? You gave that tape over to the cops. Yeah. Well, good. You upheld the law. You protected your license. I hope it was worth it. 'Cause you just threw away our friendship. MAGNUM: Part of me wanted to believe that TC didn't mean what he said about me throwing away our friendship. In a million years, I couldn't imagine that bond ever being broken. So why do I feel like my right arm was just ripped out of its socket? You got to fix this thing between you and TC, man. If not for yourself, then do it for me. You?Yeah. Do you have any idea how hard this thing is on me? I'm a child of divorce, you know. Well, I guess we're gonna have to share custody. I get you every Tuesday and Thursday, and alternate weekends. That's not funny.Look, I wanted Hani to be innocent, too, but when all the evidence points to his guilt, I-I couldn't just sit on that. I just hope TC comes around to see that. You and me both, brother. [phone rings] Dr. Cunha. Got that autopsy result you wanted. Oh, well, that's kind of, uh... Well, go ahead, hit me. Well, you were right about there being a struggle, but the bruising on the torso is pretty light. An abrasion on the cheek, two scratches on the neck... Scratches?Yup. Angles indicate that the assailant was no taller than five-six or seven. A woman. That would be my guess. Hey, did you or Forensics turn up any light brown hair? Forensics found a couple of strands in Mason's car, but we haven't matched them up to anyone yet. Dr. Cunha, I owe you a truckload of Maui chips. Where you going? Prison. [lock buzzes] MAGNUM: No more lies, Hani. Five-O has everything they need to put you away: the gun, the blood, your debt to Mason, so before I lift another finger to help you, you need to tell me the truth. How much money did you owe him? 1,200, give or take. But he promised that he'd forgive my debt if I got him a gun. For protection. Because of the threats he was receiving. Yeah. Days later, I go to meet him. I saw his body. And I saw my gun laying there. I panicked. I took it to get rid of. I knew the cops would think I did it. Why didn't you tell the cops the truth? A-At least about the drugs. 'Cause I was ashamed, man. I was scared. I thought they'd take Makoa away from me. What'd you expect, giving steroids to a 13-year-old? What? I would never. They were for me. I was struggling after my wife died. I needed to take them for my depression. You were taking PEDs for depression? Nothing else worked. They elevated my moods, gave me stamina to keep going. Did you ever see Mason with, um, a woman-- light brown hair, young, probably early 30s? I think I saw her drop him off at the gym once. Remember thinking it's odd that she was driving a truck. A red pickup. Who is she? Do you have a name? Daisy. I overheard him talking to her on the phone last week. He wanted to stop what they were doing. He was done. They were having an affair. The red pickup, plus the name Daisy was enough for my contact at the DMV to get me the address of a Daisy Chase in Pearl City. And the little bit Hani remembered about the phone call sounded a lot like Mason was breaking off a relationship with her. Not sure if that's motive enough to commit murder, but it's a start to finding out what her game is. MAKOA: Fullback runs to the sidelines, guards shift their positions, creating a lane for the running back to run to with fullback as lead blocker. So that's a Packers sweep. It's like tactical strategy. I'm starting to see the appeal. Let me show you a bootleg play. We've got company at the gate. Very unhappy company. Can I help you? I'm Ailana Read from Child Welfare. We have reason to believe Makoa Iona is on these premises. And, uh, what reason would that be? A phone call to Oahu Community Correctional was made from this address by Makoa. Actually, I was the person who made that phone call to the prison. [chuckles] Dating pool's gotten a little shallow. We have a recording of the call. Oh. [quietly]: Took a shot. Look, I can assure you, Ms. Read, that Makoa is quite fine where he is. Well, I'd like to take your word for that, but I'll need to come in and speak with him to make sure his needs are being met. Well, since his best need at the moment is to be safe and secure, then I'm afraid I'm gonna have to respectfully decline. I'll be back with a warrant, if I have to. You do that. And in the meanwhile, may I suggest you sod off. [hangs up] Nicely done.[clears throat] Makoa, what were you thinking, calling the prison? Mak? [beeping]Uh-oh. I'll get the car. [truck engine idling] MAGNUM: An empty, idling truck. Partially open front door. Hmm. Never a good sign. WOMAN [in distance]: Please. I don't know anything. [sniffles] You're making a mistake. Your boyfriend made the mistake. Where's the money?! Hey! I don't want to have to use this. So don't make any moves. [both grunting] Back for round two? Tap out, big guy. Tap out. No, no, no, no! [grunts] Damn it! [truck engine revs] [grunting] [grunts] You broke my leg. Yeah, probably a couple ribs, too. I'm gonna call an ambulance. Don't hobble off. DISPATCHER: 911 emergency. Stay on the line, sir. A unit is on the way. Daisy? He's not gonna hurt you anymore. I just want to talk. [grunts] Easy, easy. Okay? He's the bad guy. I'm the good guy. Look, I called 911. The cops are on their way, but you need to tell them the truth. The truth? Yeah, you can't let an innocent man take the fall for Mason's death. Wait, you think... Why would I kill Ellis? His death screws up everything for me. We were partners. I work for BioMerk Pharmaceuticals. You supplied Mason with the PEDs. It's not like we were pushing the stuff. Ellis would sell the samples I gave him and we'd split the profits, 50-50. But Mason wanted to stop. He spoke to you about it over the phone. He always felt guilty about what we were doing. Only did it to supplement his income. His wife Brooke came from money. He was just trying to provide her with the lifestyle she was accustomed to. But Steuben said Mason was your boyfriend. You're saying it was strictly business. It was. I don't get why people assumed we were sleeping together. MAGNUM: Maybe everyone thought that, but I could only think of one person who'd murder for it. Is that what's called "unnecessary roughness" in the field?How'd you find me? You made it abundantly clear how much you love this game. Almost as much as you love your father. Mak, you didn't have to run away. I heard what that Child Welfare lady said about coming back with a warrant. You wouldn't be able to stop them from taking me away. You underestimate me and the white knight. Magnum won't quit until he gets to the truth, okay? You can't either. If my dad doesn't come back... I'm alone. Your dad is counting on you to be strong. He needs you to believe in him. That's what's gonna get him through every hour of every day until this is over. And you won't be alone. There's Coach TC, Magnum, their friend Rick, Kumu, even me. Whatever happens, you are not alone. What, man? I don't blame you for not wanting to talk to me, okay? So, I'll do the talking and you listen. I'm sorry. Okay? You were right. You've followed my lead when I've acted on instinct more times than I can count, but at the end of the day, no matter what we did, we did it together. You got a point to make here? Yeah. I think I may know who Ellis Mason's real killer is, but I can't do it without you. And your chopper. [phone rings] Hello? MAGNUM: Hello, Mrs. Mason, this is Thomas Magnum. I met you and your mother outside the medical examiner's office. Yes, I remember, Detective Magnum. No, no, actually, I'm a private investigator. Listen, I've come across some shocking information about your husband that you and the authorities may not be aware of. What sort of information? It's probably better if I show you. How quickly could you be on a plane to Oahu? Now what? Brooke Mason's laundry. Don't ask how we got it, just have Forensics run it for gun shot residue. Look, Magnum, I know why you're doing this. I'm not stupid. And that boy who's staying at your place-- he's Hani Iona's kid. If his father goes away, he gets spat into the foster care system. Look, I sympathize, but the prosecutor's satisfied we have our guy. Show him. We also found this airline receipt. It proves that Mason's wife didn't fly to Oahu after you notified her about her husband. She was already here. Two hours before the murder. Should be enough to bring her in for questioning until Forensics finds the GSR. She'll be landing at the airport in ten minutes. MAGNUM: Mrs. Mason played off the inconsistencies in her timeline as confusion. A jury might find that understandable, considering the emotional trauma, so a lot hinged on what Forensics found on the clothes. The ones she was wearing when she confronted her husband in that parking garage about an affair he wasn't having. I began to realize that GSR on Mrs. Mason's clothing wasn't gonna fully exonerate Hani. For that... We need her to confess. Huh? How do we do that? Go get Katsumoto, uh, tell him you want to talk to him privately. About what? I don't care, just keep him occupied as long as possible. All right. Detective, can I have a word? Now? Yeah. Excuse me a moment. What is it? Thought of something that might be helpful. Look, when I was nine years old, my father went and got himself arrested. Magnum. Mrs. Mason, I wasn't lying when I said I had new information about your husband. I'm not interested in anything you have to tell me. You were wrong. He wasn't cheating on you. Daisy Chase and he were business partners, that's all. In fact, he was illegally selling steroids for you, to keep you living in luxury. I don't believe you. You made an understandable but terrible mistake. You thought the person you loved betrayed you, and I know how awful that feels. But Ellis was faithful. By all accounts, he loved you, very much. And then, like, after all those years, man, I just was lying to myself, lying to my friends. Now wh-what does all that have to do with the case? You don't... you don't see the poetry in all this? Poe... Where's Magnum? [crying]: It was an accident. I just wanted to talk to him. I picked up the gun, but I didn't... I didn't mean to. I didn't mean to do it. MAGNUM: Luckily, Katsumoto came back in time to hear Brooke Mason's full confession. Who knew if I was ever gonna get her to repeat it. Hani still had to face charges for the gun, but the confession was enough to get him released on bail, which TC posted. Again. So, uh... I know we never actually, um... Y... I know. I mean, I know you apologized, but I didn't really accept it, officially. That's true. Are we good? Always, brother. [chuckles] [crowd cheering] [whistle blows]Mak-man. Lateral 22, just like we worked on at practice, all right? Let's go. Let's go. Let's go, let's go, let's go! Come on, Makoa! [whoops] Hey, Tommy boy, you care to make this game a little more interesting? [chuckles] Are you seriously suggesting betting on a child's football game? Hey, I'll take action on anything. I'll take a piece of that.You're in. So will I. What? I'm not against a friendly wager. Doesn't change the fact that American football is nothing more than an over-padded, far too regulated bastardization of rugby. Go, Makoa! Go, Mak! [whoops] Oh. But... it has its charms. Captioning sponsored by CBS 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 