Magnum P.I.: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Magnum P.I. 
 s1e2 - From the Head Down - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Magnum P.I. (2018): Season 1, Episode 2 - From the Head Down - full transcript 
 Magnum helps a struggling fisherman when his 30-pound tuna worth $350,000 is stolen, and discovers that the thief needs Magnum's help too. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously onMagnum P.I.: MAGNUM: When Robin Masters offered me the job as live-in security consultant as a way to supplement my P.I. business, I jumped at it. Meet my best friends. We make a hell of a team. That's Rick. If you want something on the island, Rick is the man to see. Hey, what about me? That's TC. He runs the best helicopter tour business in Hawaii. That's Sebastian Nuzo. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The four of us spent some time in a POW camp in Afghanistan. Nuzo saved my life. I couldn't save his. This is Juliet Higgins. Former British intelligence, M16. She works here as Robin's property manager. Easy, lads. Friends like those come around once in a lifetime. But maybe I'm wrong about that. ["Hawaiian War Chant" by The Don Ralke Chorus playing] MAGNUM: Come on, what was I supposed to do? Rick's at work. TC has clients. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Find some more friends. Or, you know, get yourself an Uber account. Because Mr. Masters is not paying me to be your chauffeur. Noted. So you won't be calling on me again? I won't have to. Ferrari's ready tomorrow. And how do you intend to pay for the carnage you caused? Don't worry. I got it covered. [laughs] Is something funny? Uh, only your finances. Look, y-you mind taking a left at the corner up here? Why?Trust me. Please? [scoffs] HIGGINS: Magnum, I really need to get home. MAGNUM: Relax. This is a shortcut. Stop right here. Why am I pulling over? I just got to see a friend. It'll take two minutes. At two minutes and one second, I won't be here. Oh, and one more thing. Yes? How much are you getting paid for this little stop? Excuse me?You're not going to see a friend. This is a job, isn't it? 500. Oh, well, it's only fair I should get 50%. Oh, come on. For a lift? Good-bye. All right. 30. 60.40. 70.Fine. 50. Excellent. You have two minutes. Good luck. MAGNUM: Most days, I love my job, and $250 for two minutes of work might seem like a lot... MAN: Oh, yeah, yeah. ...but a guy cheating on his wife? That's the kind of job that makes you feel all yucky inside. [laughs] [phone ringing] MAN: Hey! What the hell are you doing? MAGNUM [distant]: Higgins! Higgins, start the car! ["Hawaiian War Chant" playing] Oh, my God.[engine starts] [gunshots] [tires screeching] Punch it! [tires screeching] [Magnum P.I.theme song playing] MAGNUM: Higgins was right to laugh at my finances. They are a little pathetic. And getting Robin Masters' Ferrari fixed pretty much cleaned me out. But lucky for me, I got a job lined up that should put some money back in my pocket. Mr. Sawyer? Thomas Magnum. Sorry I'm late. Why didn't you go inside? Voice on the box said I had to wait out here. Sounded like Mary Poppins. Sorry about that. [beeping] [beeping] [line ringing] HIGGINS: Who is it?It's me. Can you be a little more specific? You know who it is. It's Magnum. I live here. The gate's broken. Can you just buzz me in? It's not broken. I changed the code.What? Why?[dial tone] Higgins. Higgins? Higgins![dogs barking] [sighs] [chuckles] I really do live here. Higgins, what's going on? I've, uh, implemented a new security policy. Effective immediately, the universal gate code has been retired. [dog barks, growls]Regular visitors, such as staff, will each now have their own personalized gate code. Now, what's the point of that? I'm glad you asked. Because it seems that someone has been handing out the code to friends, clients, the occasional one-night stand. Simply put, it's just not good security. In case you've forgotten, I'm the security consultant around here. Mm, yes, and I am consulting you now. [chuckles] Ah. I'm so sorry. Forgive me. Juliet Higgins. Majordomo of the estate. Dan Sawyer.Hi. Pleasure. "Majordomo," is that French for something? Oh, I oversee the property and the people that work here. So you're his boss? HIGGINS: Oh, no. No. That would require Magnum to actually have a job. [dog barks]I have an arrangement with Robin Masters to live here. Can you just open the gate, please? Are you armed, Mr. Sawyer? Uh, no.Excellent. Please do come in. Just follow me. To be continued. [dogs growling] [barking] DAN: Wow. This is some guesthouse. Your friend Robin Masters must sell a lot of books. He does okay. You said on the phone you, uh, you're a friend of Nuzo's. Yeah, yeah. Couple years back, my trawler broke down off Waimanalo. I'm a commercial fisherman. Uh, anyway, I was dead in the water. Thanks. And, uh, Nuzo was close by, and he gave me a tow. We kept in touch. Really, he's a good guy. I miss him already. Me, too. So, um, how can I help you, Mr. Sawyer? Well, every other Friday, I sell my best catch to Lina's, upscale joint off Ala Moana. They like to bypass the fish auction and secure fresh, high-quality tuna for the weekend, you know? Well, this morning... [chuckles] I hauled this in. [chuckling]: Wow. That is a big fish. Almost 300 pounds. Anyway, this morning, I go by Lina's to drop it off, same as always. I go inside to find someone to take delivery. When I return to my van, the back door's open, the fish is gone. So you want me to track down a... a fish? A bluefin that size is worth 350 thou, based on this morning's prices. Besides, I... I need the money, bad. Why is that? I've had a rough season. [sighs] Competition from imports is up, fuel prices are up, labor costs are up. We have a saying: fishing's like the ocean. There are waves. And this has been a really bad one. I mean, worst ever. And it's put me in a deep hole. I've had to lay off half my crew. That fish was going to get me back on my feet. And if I don't get it back and get paid, I'm gonna lose my boat. And she's all I got. Did you contact HPD about this? I'm coming to you because I can't wait around for them to investigate. That tuna's gonna go bad if I don't get it back soon. Now, I can't afford to pay you. But-but if you find that fish, I can give you a cut of the sale. Mr. Magnum, when I came back from 'Nam, I didn't ask for nothing from nobody. But now I need some help. And I got no one else to turn to. MAGNUM: "No one else to turn to." You hear that a lot in this job, especially from the clients who can't afford you. And here's the annoying thing: it works every time. MAGNUM: My meeting with Dan had me thinking about Nuzo, and how if he were still alive, he'd be the first one to step up and help this guy. That's just who Nuzo was. He looked out for his friends. Nah. [sighs] [door opens] NUZO: Thomas, you almost ready? What's that? Everybody's waiting. Yeah. Just... I'll get dressed. You okay? Yeah. I'm good. Do we really gotta do this, man? We're a big story. Four American POWs pull off their own Great Escape, et cetera, et cetera. Hey. One of the public affairs guys just told me that Uncle Sam is gonna fly each one of us back home after the press conference. First class. First class, huh? All right, come on. What is it? I don't know. You know, it's gonna sound weird. I don't think I'm ready to go home. Actually, it's not weird at all. To tell you the truth, I got no burning desire to go back to Brooklyn. You know what? What if we didn't go back home? RICK: So you're a tuna bounty hunter now? Like, uh, Dog the Bounty Hunter, but instead of scumbags, you go after seafood. You joke now, but this case could actually turn out to be a pretty good payday. If I find that fish, I get a recovery fee. Five percent of the sale. What's that, a buck 50? Kammy! What's up, big man? Casablanca, my brother. Come here, open your mouth.Ah... Open your mouth.All right, all right. What do you got? Come on, what do you got? Oh, my God. Oh, my God, that's some damn fine gravy, my friend. Mm!That's what I like to hear. This the private eye you was telling me about? Thomas Magnum, and I prefer "private investigator." Whatever, Rockford. Here, try this. That's not bad. And by "not bad," that is some amazing sauce. I like this guy. So what you guys think about my new venture? This place has got charm, huh? RICK: Yeah, except I'm a little confused at you opening a brick and mortar. I thought you said when it comes to grinds, you got to go mobile? Yeah, well, these two amateurs got in over their heads with this joint. They're 'ohana, so I had to bail them out. So Casablanca over here said you looking for a stolen tunie. Yeah, and I'm thinking whoever has it's gonna try to unload it fast. I was hoping you might have some idea of how they're gonna move it. Rick said you're the man that would know. They could chop it up like a stolen rock, sell it on the black market. But like all fish, fresh tuna got a shelf life. One that big, you risk a good chunk of it going bad before you get a chance to move it. So you'd want to sell it whole. Yeah, but who's buying? Some all-you-can-eat sushi shack doesn't have the bankroll for a big-ticket tuna like that. Yeah, and I'm guessing high-end joints like Maile's or Nobu aren't sourcing their fish on the black market. As a general rule, no. But there's exceptions. MAGNUM: After I agreed to have at least one meal at his shrimp truck every week for the next month, Rick's friend gave me a list of places to look into. It only took me two hours and eight lunches to get the information I needed. Like I said, can't help you. You know, I-I got a buddy who runs a club. Okay? So I know a little something about the food service business. I know how sketchy it can get. Okay? I-I know how, from time to time, something may arise where knowing someone like me could be very helpful. You help me out, and I will owe you a favor. Okay. Someone called me this morning. He said he had some primo bluefin. But he never showed. How come?Don't know. Maybe he got a better offer. Okay, I'm gonna need a name. MAGNUM: Okay, there's only one reason someone would let frozen food go to waste like that. 'Cause they need the freezer space. This is what we in the business call the payoff. It's where we wrap up the case and high-five ourselves. The only thing left now is to bring the client back his fish. [gun clicks] Turn around, slowly. The water meter's outside. But you know that, don't you? Easy. Okay? Private investigator. The man who caught this fish hired me to find it.You mean Dan? Yeah. I'm guessing you guys know each other. I worked for him. But he had to let me go last month. I just needed that fish so I wouldn't lose my house. Hey, look, it looks like you got a wife and a daughter. Don't do anything stupid, okay? Just let me walk out of here with my client's fish. I won't even tell him who stole it. I-I can't let you do that. Why not? Because someone took my family, and that's the only thing that can save them. Tua was on his way to sell the fish when he got the call on his cell. We're not sure how, but the voice on the other end knew Tua had it. Said he had his family and would trade them for it. That's the craziest ransom I ever heard of. It's a fish. Yeah, it's also worth 350,000. After Tua got the call, he came back here to wait for instructions. Same guy just called back a few minutes ago with details on the ransom drop.I-I don't get it. I don't get it. Why grab the family? Why not just come straight here? Because this is a rental. My wife and I are living apart right now. Things haven't been so good since I lost my job. Hey, Tua. Let me talk to TC and Rick. Give us a minute. Okay.Thanks. And let me guess, you want to be the hero and make the drop. Tua can't handle it. He's too emotional. The drop could go sideways. What about HPD?They said they'd kill Tua's family if he called Five-O. That's why we need to handle the trade. And once we get Tua's family back home safe, then we'll call Tanaka. Sounds good, but who's this "we" you're talking about? You, me and Rick. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... Whoa. I came here because you said you had to move something. You didn't say nothing about no hostages. Don't worry. I got a plan. Do you care to share that plan, just for the halibut? Uh, not if you're gonna be dropping bad puns, no. Well, Thomas, no offense, but if there's gonna be trouble, I'd like to know the plan, too. I'll tell you on the way. This was supposed to be easy. Find a hot fish, help out a fellow vet. I think it's fair to say it's gotten a bit more complicated. Hey. Go inside, don't call anyone, don't talk to anyone. Okay. Hey, I'm gonna get 'em back. You have my word. [horn honking] Who are you?And where's Tua? Relax, okay? I got what you want. What I want is for you to shut up. Put it down. As long as you're holding that gun, I'm holding this. Should I be scared?Very. 'Cause you may shoot me, but I'm-a keep coming and beat your ass until you empty that gun. And then I'm gonna get angry. Okay. Let's just keep this professional. RICK: That's it, boys, put down the iron. Let's go! Come on! Get back to the van, okay?Okay. You're gonna be all right. Your turn. And cue the fish. On three. One, two... Don't move. You two aren't going anywhere. Relax. Everyone got what they wanted. A deal's a deal, boys. Come on, back off with the guns. [gun clicks] Search 'em. [quietly]: Any time you're ready, Rick. Take your hands off the gun. Th-This gun? I'm not gonna ask you again. [grunts]: Okeydokey. [over phone]: ♪ Girls ♪ They want to have fun ♪ Oh, girls just want to... I think that's for you. ♪ They want, want to have fun♪ ♪ Girls♪ ♪ Want to have...♪[beeps] Hello? RICK: Hi. Who's this? I'm just kidding. I know you're not gonna tell me your name. But what I really want to know is, do you want to make a deal? My boys for your BFF. Come on, guys, I don't have all day. Okay. Let him go, and your friends live. That sounds like a really good trade, but how do I know I can trust you? I mean, you are wearing a mask. That's not exactly the Boy Scout look, you know what I mean? Well, I guess you're just gonna have to take my word for it. All right, he's coming down. Just know I got eyes on you. Let's go, let's go, let's go! Come on, come on! Get in the van! Let's get the hell out of here! Drive! Drive! Get Tua's family out of here. Be careful. Dropped a cheap cell phone in the back of the van when I put the fish in. We can track it on that. RICK: Got 'em. They just took a right. That hole wasn't there before, was it? This was never about the fish. They wanted something that was inside. [dog barking in distance] [dogs barking excitedly] [barking] Zeus, Apollo, inside. [dogs whimpering] What in the bloody hell is this? MAGNUM: I had my friend in the M.E.'s office run some tests. She found no residual traces of any narcotics, so whatever was being smuggled in the fish, it definitely wasn't drugs. My money's on diamonds. Or bearer bonds. Bearer bonds?Yep. [scoffs] You don't even know what that is. You're just saying it to impress the lady. I know what a bearer bond is. It's like a regular bond, except "bearier." [chuckles] What if it's secrets? Secrets? Some years back, a Chinese spy was using sides of beef to smuggle microfiche out of his country. It's possible that this fish was being used to smuggle intel, most likely on flash drive. If that is the case here, the restaurant your client delivers fish to regularly, that could be the dead drop. It sounds complicated.TC: And messy. I mean, why not just pass the flash drive off in a movie theater? Because spies don't usually meet in person. The less you know, the longer you live. And the dead drop guarantees anonymity. RICK: You know, now that the whole "Higgins was a spy" thing is out of the bag, I've been dying to ask one question. Is there some nerdy guy in a basement lab somewhere making you gadgets? Like, is that necklace really a spy camera? Touch it, I break your fingers. Go ahead, man, try it. I dare you. [laughs][phone chimes] Dan's here. You gotta believe me, if there was contraband in my fish, I know nothing about it. What can you tell me about your crew? The guys that weren't laid off. I can tell you one of them's gone AWOL: Victor Garza. He worked as a deckhand. I tried reaching out to him earlier. Wasn't answering his calls, so I got concerned. I went by his apartment, except when I got there, the door was open, and he was gone. Got me wondering. Maybe it was him who stole my fish. It wasn't him, but if he's gone missing, whatever was in that fish, Victor's probably the one who put it there. Right. Mahalo. You tell him about Tua? Nah, I left that part out. But I did make him promise to sell to a different restaurant, no questions asked. Great. Case closed. Let's go to the beach. Not exactly. If Higgins is right, and that place really is a dead drop, I'm gonna need to check it out. Hold up a sec. Your boy Dan got his fish back. It's HPD's turn. The guys who stole the fish are gonna be looking to tie up some loose ends, so that means Tua, his family, Dan, the three of us... Until those guys are caught, we're all in danger. And I'm not waiting for the cops to play catch-up. TC: Okay. Do what you got to do. Rick and I will babysit Dan and Tua. Whoa, hang on. Thanks for volunteering me, pal, but I got plans.TC: You heard Magnum. Tua's got a family. All we gotta do is keep 'em alive until our boy figures out what this is about. Yeah, but who's gonna keep us alive? TC: Aw. I'll protect you, Orville. Thank you. I appreciate that. But, Thomas, these guys are serious players, and there are likely to be more of them. You sure you want to do this alone? Oh, I don't plan on doing this alone. Higgins. [growling] I need a favor. Didn't you ask me for a favor last week? I didn't know you only grant one a lifetime. Do I look like a genie, Magnum? At your disposal, every time you fancy a wish? Forget I asked. Already done. Although, now I am curious as to the nature of the favor you were gonna ask for. I was hoping you'd go to dinner with me. Magnum, are you asking me out on a date? No. Not a date. A favor. Okay, I want to go check out that restaurant tonight, and I need somebody who's good with computers. You mean someone who's good at hacking? Yeah.What's in it for me, besides sustenance? Aren't you just a little curious what was being smuggled inside that fish? Magnum, I'm no longer MI6. I left that world behind in London. What's it gonna take? Hmm. I don't know. What do you have to offer? I will stay out of the wine cellar for a month. Magnum, you're not even supposed to be in the wine cellar, so that's hardly a mutually beneficial transaction. Okay, every time I drive the Ferrari, I will return it with a full tank of gas. Washed?By hand. Your hands or Mr. Masters' staff? These mitts. Tempting. But sadly, I'm going to have to, uh, refuse your invitation. I'm sorry, Magnum, but you have absolutely nothing to offer. Might I suggest you call the FBI for assistance? After all, national security is their purview. Uh, look, by the time the Feds get up to speed, the trail could be cold. Besides, I want to see this through. That's very adult of you. Okay, I'm done. You know, there's one thing I don't understand. What? You practically work pro bono. I mean, you barely make any money as a private investigator. You live off the good graces and largesse of others, constantly having to ask people for favors. Is there a point here? Why do you do it? I'm genuinely curious. When I was a sailor, I didn't make much. I did it because I thought I was helping people. I-I guess that's all I know. Magnum. I'll go. You will? Yes. I will be your date. Undercover associate. Of course, you may call it whatever you wish. What's your plan? I don't know. Break up a spy ring, try not to get killed. I was kind of hoping you'd be a little more prepared. MAGNUM: You know, I was thinking, uh... That explains the beads of sweat. Chances are, the same person went to the restaurant each time to pick up the intel, most likely posing as a regular to avoid arousing suspicion. In theory, all we'd have to do is access the reservation system, cross-reference that with anyone who ate at Lina's on the days Dan Sawyer delivered a fish. You do realize it's highly unlikely they used their real name? Yeah, but even knowing an alias could still lead us somewhere. [sniffing] Magnum, what is that smell? I don't smell anything. [quietly]: Be right back. Mm-hmm. Thanks. Enjoy your dinner.I definitely will. [chuckles] You in? I'm working on it. The system is password-protected, so it may take a little time. I thought you were supposed to be good at this stuff. Good evening. May I offer you some wine or a cocktail? Actually, I think we can order. Right, honey? Yes, yes. I will have the green papaya salad, the mahi-mahi with lemon beurre blanc and a glass of the 2014 Aubert. Excellent choices. For you, sir? Uh, I'll do the steak, well-done. Uh, oh, and a bottle of your best Château Margaux. It's my birthday, and, uh, my bae here is treating. Absolutely, sir. Happy birthday. Thank you very much. [chuckling] You do realize that Mr. Masters' business manager will deny the expenditure. Eh, that'll take weeks. I'll have my tuna money by then. I'll pay him back. Tuna money?Yeah. I sincerely wish I could replay what you just said. And that is the wrong knife, by the way. Would you like a straw? Yes, please. Oh, and, uh, d-do you have a coloring book? He's just kidding. We're fine. Thank you. [laughs] This is a lot more fun than I thought it would be. [quiet laughter] [indistinct chatter] [phone chimes] Okay. I've got our guy. Maurice Fahrad. He's the only punter that consistently dines here on the days your client sells his fish. Can you contact one of your old MI6 buddies, run a background check? Shall I feed you, as well? [silverware clinks] I'll be right back, my love. Okay, let's get out of here. You want to leave now?Well, yeah. Are you mad? I'm not leaving this mahi-mahi. It's simply divine. Sit your ass down and finish your gristle. Okay. So, your client seems like a decent chap. Served in the Vietnam War. How'd you know that? I can read, Magnum. He was wearing an appropriately aged Da Nang cap when he engaged your services. Your father was in that war, too, wasn't he? Yes. Yes, he was. Now it's my turn. Why did I agree to come tonight? Yes.It's simple. Getting closure on this seems important to you. And as a former woman of service myself, I thought your commitment to a fellow veteran was quite admirable. Hold that thought. WAITSTAFF: ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪ Happy birthday to you [laughs] ♪ Happy birthday, dear Magnum ♪ Happy birthday to you. Make a wish. [sighs][waitstaff cheering] We'll take it into the kitchen and cut it up for you. Thank you. What did you wish for? Your MI6 contact to respond. [cell phone chimes] Well, looks like you got your wish. Mmm. That doesn't look good. Maurice Fahrad is believed to be an alias belonging to Samal Talib. He's a person of interest for Interpol and the FBI. He's allegedly responsible for masterminding several terrorist attacks abroad, including one against a U.S. military base three years ago. If he's on the island, he's got to be planning something. Well, looks like he's on the move. I've got his real-time location from his phone. We should alert the FBI. By the time they mobilize, he could disappear. We need to get to him now, keep an eye on him until we can get the Feds to take over. HIGGINS: You're too close. I am three car lengths behind. It's not enough.Trust me. I do this for a living. They have no idea we're tailing them. Magnum, you're driving a big, red tallywacker. It's not exactly inconspicuous. [sniffs] Magnum, did you put that fish in Robin Masters' Ferrari? What? No, of course not. No. It probably came from my clothes. Get out! Don't say it. Let's go. Move it! Got a message for your smart-ass friend. What's that? [grunts] I'll be sure to tell him. Let's go! [under breath]: You realize they're going to question us about what we know and who we might have told. And then they're probably going to kill us. [whispering]: Had I known that was going to be my last meal, I probably would've had a piece of that cake. You're remarkably calm, given the situation. Believe me. I'm not. [grunts, groans] You're done talking. [speaking Arabic] [speaking Arabic] Terror cells don't usually like it when soldiers allow their OPSEC to get compromised. Your accent is good. I'm impressed.MAGNUM: You know... it really doesn't pay to kill us. The FBI is aware of our investigation. If you're both law enforcement, I might believe that. You didn't really think that would work, did you? Figured it was worth a shot. Unlike my associate here, I'm going to be honest with you. My name is Juliet Higgins. I'm just a hired gun here, but a few years ago, I was head of security for your former benefactor, the Saudi Prince Al Muhammad. He would be very upset if you were to harm me. If you let me go, I can be of service. Uh, she means us. Let us go. No, just me. You can do with him what you want. Right? Come again?No offense, Magnum, but it's become clear to me that knowing you is extremely perilous for one's health. [laughing]: That is insane. Is it? Yeah. Let's recap, shall we? Last week, I sustained a gunshot wound for the first time in eight years whilst doing you a favor. Wait, hold up. You said you'd never been shot before.Yesterday I was shot at again whilst being forced to serve as your unwitting wheel-woman. Secondly, you volunteered, okay?And the current predicament which is 100% your fault. How exactly is our current predicament my fault? You were following these chaps far too closely.I was not. Bloody obvious you were tailing them. So stop the Monday morning QB crap. I don't even know what that means.It's a football term. Real football. Not that slow-ass, incredibly boring... Both of you shut up! With pleasure. [grunting and groaning] [gunshot][groaning] [car horn honking] [strained grunting] [tires squealing] [grunting and groaning continue] Hold on! [quiet groaning] Higgins? You alive? Yeah. I think so.Good. I'm going after Samal. [groaning] [grunts] HIGGINS: What about the flash drive? MAGNUM: I'm looking. Good work. Yeah. You, too. Except maybe a little heads-up next time. Just saying. Sorry. I thought you saw where I was going. Ah, nah, I think it was the whole, uh, "go ahead and kill him" thing that kind of threw me. Would it help if I said I was sorry? Might. I'm sorry. Didn't. [chuckles] MAGNUM: Turns out that flash drive contained a playbook for an attack on Hickam Air Force Base right here on Oahu and a network of operatives on the island to carry it out. FBI took it from here. Arrested everyone involved. If you ask Rick, he'd probably tell you this is one fish story that turned out to be true. Wish it was bigger. There was only so much of that fish I could salvage. Yeah, yeah. Sorry about that. Well, uh, made enough to hang onto my boat; that's all I wanted. I got a little something extra for you, you know, for all your trouble. Poke. Yeah. You got the fish back. Wouldn't be right for you not to have some.Mahalo. [truck door closes] MAGNUM: I thought you let Tua go. DAN: He came by to see me last night. Confessed to stealing the tuna. Now that I get to keep my boat, I rehired him. Hopefully, our next catch will get us both back on our feet for good. Good man, Dan. So are you. ["Ulili E" by Makua Rothman playing] ♪ [playful chatter] RICK: So, was this case the big payday you hoped it would be? Well, funny you should ask. [laughter] Ouch. Well, let's hope the, uh, the next case isn't perishable. Am I right? Up high. Oh. So, Thomas, how was your date with Higgy? [chuckles]It was definitely not a date. Okay? [laughs] But I think I'm winning her over. Oh, yeah. Somehow I doubt that. Here you go, Mr. Magnum.Ah, thanks, bud. Good job, my guy. Thanks, Coach. Well, that's enough poke for me, 'cause somebody's got to do some work around here. See you guys later?Yup. Think I got to head out, too. Thomas, I don't want to impose on our friendship, but I think I need to ask a favor.What's that? You see, when I was a kid, I had these sea monkeys. [laughing]: Here we go.And one day I got home and Mickey, Michael, Davy and Peter were gone. Now, I-I know cracking cold cases is difficult, but since finding seafood is your specialty... Let me save you the suspense. Check the Chicago sewer. I guarantee your mom flushed them. Case closed. Damn. You're good. [sniffs] [sighs] Hey, man, thanks for your help. Absolutely, brother. Just wish Nuzo was here, you know. Think he'd appreciate what we did for his buddy. I've been thinking a lot about him lately. Me, too. Hey, don't forget to put that in the fridge when you get home. I know what I'm doing. Oh, right. Right, of course. Uh, you're Sherlox Holmes now. Really? You're not gonna let this go, are you? Cod Almighty, man. No. [engine starts] MAGNUM: I woke up yesterday thinking about Nuzo and how much I miss him and how one word changed my life. Sure, Robin Masters once offered me his guest house, but it actually all started with Nuzo. What if we could find a way to stay together? Me, You, Rick, TC. Somewhere where the weather's nice, a place that feels like you're always on vacation. Huh? 'Cause people on vacation, they don't think about their problems. The past is the past. All they think about is the good things ahead. Thomas, we could make that every day. Especially after what we've been through. We deserve it. You got a place in mind? [chuckles] Yeah. I do. MAGNUM: Nuzo was right. But Hawaii didn't just keep us together. It gave us purpose. And yesterday that purpose was tracking down a giant tuna. Tomorrow, who knows? Captioning sponsored by CBS 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 