Upstairs, Downstairs: Season 5, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Upstairs, Downstairs 
 s5e5 - Wanted - a Good Home - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Upstairs, Downstairs (1971–1975): Season 5, Episode 5 - Wanted - a Good Home - full transcript 
 It's Spring 1922 and young William is preparing, at the age of 8, to set off for boarding school. Everyone in the house is excited at the prospect with Mrs. Bridges preparing preserves for him to take along and Daisy sewing name tags in all of his clothing. Both William and his sister Alice have to put up with Miss Treadwell, the children's' governess. She is demanding and brooks no nonsense in the classroom. Trouble begins when the staff, Miss Treadwell excepted, give the children the gift of a puppy. The governess takes an instant dislike to the animal and when Richard and Virginia go away for a few days, she is left in charge of the household. She oversteps the mark however when she orders Hudson to have the animal put down. Rose will not hear of it and they hide the animal until the Bellamys return. The somewhat paranoid Miss Treadwell's rant on their return seals her fate. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) Oh, Bert, they're awfully good. Alice, do look. Oh, they are good, Bert. Thank you kindly, your ladyship. God bless you. And you, Master William, you be a good boy when you get to school. Yes, Bert, I will. Come along, children. [Bell ringing] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You really shouldn't give silver to that sort of person, Alice. ALICE: Poor Bert -- he was so wounded in the war and he has to keep his poor, sick mother. That's his story. ALICE: Uncle Richard gives him a sovereign every Sunday after church when we walk up the park. Well, that's different. Oh, look. Oh, I wish we had a dog to take to the park. Don't dawdle, Alice. I can't think why William has to Walk in that silly way, even though he has hurt his leg. Oh, he mustn't walk on the lines, in case there are bears in the areas 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and they might eat him. It really is high time you went away to school. Yes, Miss Treadwell. Front door, William. I was going to tell Bridgey and the others -- I said the front door, William. Please ring the bell. And you do not call Mrs. Bridges, "Bridgey." Yes, ma'am. [Bell rings] How do you spell Hamilton? H-A-M...I - L...T-O-N. Fancy... Master William having a school number. It's just like being in prison. I don't know, every blessed thing having to have a label sewn on it. You're lucky. When the Major went to his school, every initial had to be sewed on by hand. None of your shop fancy labels in them days. I remember Rose sewing for weeks. And we had a special sewing woman used to come in, help with Lady Marjorie's things. Mrs. Woodcock, her name was. Comic name. She was really fat. Just like a jelly. But, my word, she could sew. Fancy initials, coronets, anything you like. One day Eddie and I'll have a nice little boy like Master William. There'll be time enough for that when you've got a good bit more put away. Every week we put something in the post office savings. I should hope so, after last time. What happened last time wasn't our fault. I mean, it was everyone the same. The government said it was a country fit for heroes and then they didn't give no one no work. I wish I could have a little kiddie to send to school. You're well enough as you are, Ruby. Remember last time you went off. Got yourself blowed up. And you're not even married yet. I know, and it says in paper there's a shortage of men and too many women. What's that horrible smell? Oh! It's Master William's toffee! ALICE: Gym vests -- two. ROSE: Gym vests -- two. Cricket boots, brown canvas -- one pair. That's odd, I thought cricket boots were always white. Cricket boots, brown canvas -- one pair. Stiff collars -- four. ROSE: Stiff collars -- four. Oh, I suppose they must be for Sundays. ALICE: Yes. ROSE: Difficult to pack. Oh. I can manage, Miss Alice. I'm sorry, Rose. It's silly to mind so much. I mean, winkie doesn't seem to mind. It's not as if it was me going away to school for the first time or anything. He can be a little pest sometimes, but I sort of got used to him. ROSE: I think it's nice. If you didn't show you cared, it wouldn't say much, would it? No. Come on, then. Combinations -- two. Oh, no, that's only for winter terms. Uh, bathing bags -- one pair. Oh! Bathing bags? [Laughs] Nice big ginger cake and a plum cake, half a dozen jars of potted fish paste. Scrumptious. - And all manner of jarns. - Strawber"? - Yes. And raspberry and apple and blackberry, oh, and some of my homemade marmalade. Though for the life of me, I can't think why schools can't provide their own preserves. They wouldn't be as good. Oh, now, you're quite right there, Master William. Because they'd be factory made. It was the same when the Major went to his preparatory school. Yes. It's the same tuck box. Many's the time I remember packing this tuck box for the Major. I think it is traditional that all schools, I mean, private schools, take advantage of the parents in providing such expensive items as jam and honey. Oh, there's honey, too. Such items as jam and honey, thereby saving on their own overall budgets. Well, I never did. However did you find that out, Mr. Hudson? I came upon the fact somewhere in my reading, Mrs. Bridges. Now, there's a really educated man for you, Master William. Where did you go to school, Mr. Hudson? I went to the local village school in Argyllshire, Master William. A grand wee school, first-class education. RUBY: Mrs. Bridges. Oh, Ruby, I almost forgot. Oh, Ruby's made a surprise for you, Master William. What is it, please, Ruby? Go on, Ruby, you tell him. Well, it's homemade toffee. You just have to give it a little tap. Should break up nice. There. There we are. You have a piece, Bridgey. Oh, well, just a little piece. Thank you, Master William. Mr. Hudson? Oh, mustn't eat it all now. And my old teeth, you know. No, thank you. Ruby? Oh, Ruby! oh! Now say, "Pussy." pussy... You go straight into the scullery and take that out of your mouth at once. Oh, I don't know. That girl, she always has to spoil everything. Now, I'll wrap this in greaseproof paper. Then it won't get all sticky. Thank you -- We're allowed sweets on Sunday, but only thruppence a week pocket money. Well, that's good. That's very sensible. Teach you thrift. And mind you're a good boy and clean your teeth after every meal. Then you won't never have to go to the dentist. Yes, Bridgey. ALICE: Although many were sunk and more greatly damaged by the fire of the Dutch, they swarmed round the great ships with wonderful tenacity. And while the larger vessels fought their guns against those of the men-of-war, the smaller ones kept close to them, avoiding as much as possible their formidable broadsides but keeping up a perpetual musketry fire at their bulwarks and tops. -"Bullocks." - What? "Bullocks," not "bulwarks." Oh. "Bullocks" and tops. Throwing stink pots and shooting burning arrows through the ports and getting alongside under the muzzles of the guns and trying to climb up into the ports. "This is mighty unpleasant, Your Honour," Tim said as a shot from one of the Dutch men-of-war struck the craft they were in, crashing a hole through her "bullocks" and laying five or six of her crew upon the deck, killed or wounded by the splinters. Is that what happened to Michael, Mummy? Yes, darling, more or less. That's enough reading now. Oh, Mummy, it's an absolutely wizard book. Can't Alice just finish the page? No, it's very late. You can finish it tomorrow. But tomorrow I'll be at sch-- All right, you can take the book with you. Yes. Thank you, Alice. Oh, Alice, ask Rose to come up, will you? Yes, Mummy. Now, what about your prayers? - Can't I say them in bed? - No. God bless Mummy and Alice and Uncle Richard and Aunt Georgina and James and Rose and Mrs. Bridges and all the others downstairs. And Bert. And Daddy and Michael in heaven. Amen. And Miss Treadwell. Oh, lor', yes. PS. And Miss Treadwell. Who's Bert? Bert's a pavement artist. One of my best friends. Darling, you must promise to go on saying your prayers every night at school. Yes, Mummy. You can say them in bed -- Well, unless the other boys kneel. Do what they do. Yes, Mummy. There, how's that? That's fine. And perhaps it would be best not to take Albert to school. But, Mummy! Yes, I suppose it would. Oh, he'll be all right here, Waiting for you when you come home. Yes. ROSE: You'll know soon enough. Rose has a surprise for you. A surprise? For me? Yes. For both of you. Do hurry UP! I'll be back in ten minutes to tuck you both up. - Put your slippers on. - Come on. Where is it? Put it on properly, I don't want you catching a cold. And don't run -- Shut your eyes. Are they shut? Shut your eyes. Are they shut? - Mine are. - No cheating. Now, you can come in, but don't open your eyes 'til I say so. All right, now. WILLIAM: Oh, gosh, a dog! ALICE: Darling dog! Oh, Rose! It's so's you won't miss Master William so much. But it's mine, too. Oh, yes, of course it is. Oh, he's lovely. I'm glad you like him. Can we go and show Treddie? Yes, of course you can. - I'll take him. - You can bring the basket. ROSE: Oh, well that's not very generous, Miss Alice. [Muffled, excited voices] Oh, Miss Treadwell, look! Look! Look, Miss Treadwell, look what Rose has given us -- a dog! Yes, yes, I can see that without having it thrust in my face. Her ladyship said it would be all right, seeing as how Master William was going away to school. Oh, did she? I hope it's house-trained. Oh, yes. You see, I saw this notice in a shop window in Pont Street saying, "Good home wanted for dog." So I made inquiries. Very nice family, going to Canada. I see. What shall we call it, Rose? Oh, it's already got a name, Miss Alice. What? Thimble. Thimble. Darling Thimble. What a perfect, divine name. Oh, darling. Sorry I'm rather late. Endless meetings. Civil servants love talking and talking and never coming to their point. Poor darling, you look tired. Yes, I am rather. Will you forgive me if I don't change for dinner? Yes, of course. Don't be silly. Mrs. Bridges would much prefer it, I'm sure. There's a cheese souffle first, and if you were late, it could be disastrous. Oh. Ten years ago, I wouldn't have dreamed of it. VIRGINIA: Nobody minds these days. Oh, Hudson will. He thinks I'm getting slack and slovenly. And he's probably right. I think you ought to see the doctor. Just to see if everything's all right. Well, I went to see Dr. Foley this morning. Everything's fine. Just getting rather old, that's all. And working much too hard on far too many committees. Well, they do need me. Or so they say. George Curzon, of all people, came over to see me at the dining room yesterday and said what splendid work I was doing for the League of Nations. All the same, I still think you could get out of this French trip. Oh, no, no, not possibly. King and queen are going. And I'm on the War Graves Commission. But I have got a perfectly splendid idea. I'm going to take you with me on Friday. Oh -- And then on to Baden-Baden for a week, to rest, and then to the Martels' near Aix. They never stop asking for us, and they're absolute old darlings. Do they speak English? Oh, lord, yes. He was Ambassador to washington. And they've got one of the best chefs in France. Well, I suppose it would be a good idea to be out of the house while the servants do the spring cleaning, and -- oh, and I do love France. Good, I'll wire the Martels in the morning and fix everything up. [Laughs] Excuse me, my lady, are you and his lordship ready for dinner? Yes, quite ready, thank you, Hudson. In that case, my lady, dinner is served. Oh, ye-- oh, no, not that one, Rose, no, it's a bit bright. I remember my other son being absolutely horrified when I turned up to his confirmation wearing a rather conspicuous hat. What about this one, my lady? Well, that couldn't embarrass William, could it? - No. - Thank you, Rose. There. Oh, Rose, I wish we could take you with us when we go abroad on Friday. Oh, don't worry about that, my lady. I've got plenty to do, sorting through your clothes and everything. I do believe I'm dreading today even more than William. Well, they do say it's worse for the mother. Yes, I -- oh, Rose, we ought to be going. Oh, thank you. And my -- Yes. Yes, I'll carry that. Thank you, Rose. I'm not sure about this hat. Oh, I'm very sure, my lady. Oh, well, I can't change it now. Thank you. Oh, you off then, now, Master William? Uh, yes. Well, goodbye, Mrs. Bridges. Goodbye, Master William. And be a good boy. The holidays'll be round in no time. Yes, Bridgey. DAISY: That's right, the summer'll be here before you know it. Yes, well, goodbye, all. Goodbye. Well. He do look comic in those clothes. Comic? You tried looking at yourself in the mirror lately? He's a proper little gentleman, he is. Oh, he is. And what a comfort to his mother, after all the tragedies there's been in that family. Well, we're all ready now. Car's waiting. Goodbye, Mr. Hudson. Goodbye, Thimble. Be good. Goodbye, Miss Treadwell. Goodbye, Fred. I'm sorry I can't come down with you, William, but take that with you in case of emergency. Thank you, Uncle Richard. Oh, good, darling, you're ready. You're sure you've got everything? Yes, thank you, Mummy. Good -- Alice. Bye-bye, darling. Be good, won't you? And take care of Thimble. Goodbye. Don't be late. Mm. Back about 6:00. Come on, then, darling, mustn't be late. Rose, goodbye. Oh! Take care. RICHARD: Goodbye. He was so very brave and cheerful. And grown up. I was really proud of him. The novelty of it is quite exciting. I usually find the second term is worst, especially for boys. I hope Alice will be all right. Oh, I'm sure she will. Alice is by no means a stupid girl. But she does find it difficult to concentrate. I think things will be better with William away. We shall be able to do proper school hours and evening homework. Oh, Lady Chivers is very anxious that Jennifer should come again on weekday mornings. Very well. You don't think that Jennifer will hold Alice back? I shall not allow her to, Lady Bellamy. No, I know you won't. It's such a relief to be able to go away, leaving Alice, and, indeed, the whole household, in such capable hands. I hope that will be understood by everyone in the house, including the butler. What, Miss Treadwell? That I am to be responsible in your absence. Oh. Oh, yes, I shall make that quite clear. Good. I hope the dog will be a success. I hope it will not be another disruptive influence. Oh, no, I don't think so. Rose is willing to look after him during school hours and that sort of thing. Yes. Well, good night, Miss Treadwell. Good night, Lady Bellamy. It didn't seem so bad when Michael went away to Osborne. William seems so small and defenseless. He'll be all right. He has good manners, knows how to get on with people, and when to keep his mouth shut. It's the bumptious ones that get into trouble. He's just so very young. Oh, but that's the age. Why? Other people don't. The French don't. I don't know why. We're the only nation in the world that tears the male patrician child from the bosom of his family to be subjected to football, cold baths, and Latin infinitives at the tender age of eight years. Yes. Oh, just suddenly I wish we weren't going away tomorrow. Well, I think it's a jolly good idea. Change will do you good. I really don't like leaving Alice. Well, Miss Treadwell's perfectly competent, isn't she? Oh, yes, I think so. I don't like her very much. We're not supposed to like governesses, are we? At least this one seems a stayer, which in my experience is a rarity. I shall never forget the trouble we had with Elizabeth and her governesses -- they used to come and go like clockwork mice. -[Laughs] - Mostly Elizabeth's fault. Oh, she was a little devil. There was one rather pretty, shy, little French woman. Elizabeth found out she had a silly crush on me and forced the poor creature to race her down the back stairs on a tin tray and give her free sweets or she'd give her away to Marjorie. [Laughs] Girls are much nastier than boys. - No. - Oh, yes they are. They have far more imagination. All the same, I can't see Alice getting Miss Treadwell racing downstairs on a tin tray. No. Alice is a nice child. She has her moments. But she can be abominably obstinate, and we all spoil her. Yes, you're right, it's probably quite a good thing We're going away tomorrow. Come on. "In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree." "In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a... stately pleasure dome decree." Where do you think Xanadu is, Thimble? Somewhere beyond the round pond, I should think. But you wouldn't know, being only an ignorant sort of a dog. Don't put your face near the dog, Alice. Oh, he'd never bite me. That's not the point. You should never allow a dog to lick you or put your face near it. Dogs are dirty creatures. Think of the places they go. And I thought I said he was not to be allowed in the school room during working hours. Preparation time is just as much working hours as any other. [Bell rings] School room, Frederick. Whatever can she want now? They've had their tea. Marvelous, that boy. Never complains. She has him up and down them stairs like a Egyptian slave. If he's been up once today, he's been up 20 times. Now, if that had been Edward. Edward never shirked his work when he was footman, Mrs. Bridges. Now he's doing two jobs instead of one, he's being flogged to death. RUBY: Aye, and he don't half moan. I've never heard him moan. He's been washing down and polishing that wretched motor car since 2:00 this afternoon. He's still got all his Lordship's suits to sponge and press. All Frederick's got to do is answer the bells. If the governess wants something, that is what the footman is here for. With them all away, there is very little else to occupy, uh, any of you, come to that. So if Miss Treadwell should wish anything -- Well, we start spring cleaning tomorrow. Rose is going to help me with the chandeliers. You really shouldn't, Rose. It is not your place. Not my place? I think I know my place, Mr. Hudson. What with Lily away on her holidays -- it's not something you can do on your own. There's a distinct knack with chandeliers, especially in London, with all the fog and smoke on the glass. She can't keep still, that girl. Fidgety Would you take the dog to Rose's room, please, Frederick? Yes, Miss Treadwell. I'm sure Frederick can manage, Alice. That's it. MISS TREADWELL: Do sit up properly, Alice. All the money your mother spends on dancing lessons and deportment. I don't know. She said to give the dog to you, Rose. - Oh. Did she say anything else? - No. Did Miss Alice seem upset? Well, not as I noticed. Oh. Thank you, Fred. And then you give the pieces a wipe over with this powder blue, before the final polish, and that gives the glass an extra sparkle. Oh, I thought that was just for looking glasses. Oh, no, all glass. There was an old house maid called Ida at Southwold, taught me that. She taught me so much, it was really -- Thank you, Frederick. Who does she think she is? Miss High and Mighty, eh? You should have refused to take it in to her. I'm not in the habit of disobeying orders, Daisy. She asked Frederick to serve her coffee in the morning room and Frederick consulted me. I could see no reasonable grounds for refusing her request. [Rose scoffs] Miss Treadwell is the governess in this house. And before she left, the mistress asked me to do my best to see that she was comfortable. Well, all very well, her being comfortable, but who ever heard of a governess being served coffee in the morning room? Couldn't the old cow see we was working? Rose! I am sure she has two eyes in her head, the same as everyone else. Oh, could you not find some other way to occupy yourself this afternoon? With her ladyship's clothes, for instance. I tell you, Mr. Hudson, if her ladyship was here -- She is not here, Rose. So let's be sensible. That's right, Miss Alice. That's mixed nice and smooth. Now, the next thing you have to do is to fold the flour in. Gently but firmly. That's right. Now, let's have the tin, Ruby. There you are, you see, now there's the tin all papered and buttered. And when you've mixed that, you pour the contents into the tin, we bake in a moderate-hot oven for about a hour. Makes a delicious cake. That's a French receipt, it's called Genoese paste. Genoese paste. Yes. would you like me to give you the receipt? Oh, would you, Mrs. Bridges? I'd like so much to be a good cook. Oh, not that you'll have to do much cooking in your position in life, my dear. But still, what I always says is, if the mistress of the house knows what's what, if you understand my meaning, everybody in the kitchen is kept on their toes. Mrs. Bridges, the tartlets should be ready now. Ruby, don't interfere. I know when the tartlets will be ready. Do you think they will be ready now, Mrs. Bridges? Shall we have a look and see? Oh, well, now, there, just look at that. Nice and crisp and as short a crust as you could wish for. And I'll tell you something, Miss Alice, Ruby couldn't make tartlets like that, not in all these years, not in a month of Sundays. I'm sure you could, Ruby. I'm sure Ruby'll make a very good cook, one day. One day. When pigs have wings. Miss Alice, Miss Treadwell is asking for you. If you would kindly go up to the school room. Oh, well, we'll have to go on with it another time, my dear. And mind you have a nice wash and tidy up before you see her. HUDSON: Mrs. Bridges, would you be so kind as to come into the servants' hall for a moment? It's really wonderful, the way that girl has with pastry. Oh, Ruby, just tidy up the table, would you? I would like Ruby to come, too, if you please, Mrs. Bridges. Oh, all right. What's all this about, then, Mr. Hudson? Ah, Rose, will you step into the servants' hall, please? - Oh, well, I ought to -- - You may bring the dog, too. Daisy, that's enough. Well, what is it? I want you to listen. This applies to all of us. The governess does not wish Miss Alice to visit the servants' quarters anymore. ALL: What? Now, please, please, listen. In future, when you come upon Miss Alice in the normal course of your duties, you will all treat her with that polite formality, just as you would treat any other member of the family. How comes this then all of a sudden, Mr. Hudson? That's what I'd like to know. - So would I, too. It appears that Miss Alice has been somewhat backward and inattentive with her work lately. And the governess believes that associating with the servants has not been beneficial to her concentration. Piffle. "Associating with the servants." Well, I'm going to treat Miss Alice just the same as I always have done. So there. Mrs. Bridges, sh- Oh, go in and tidy up the table, like I told you. Then come in and lay up here for us. Oh, dear, oh, dear, oh, dear, Mr. Hudson. How long is this going on for? I've no idea, Mrs. Bridges. Well, if you ask me, it's going to get worse before it gets better. That I'm sure of. JENNIFER: Samuel Taylor Coleridge JENNIFER: Samuel Taylor Coleridge Wrote the poem "Kubla Khan" in 1797. It was said he dreamt it, and, when disturbed by a person from Poorlook, wrote it down. Thank you, Jennifer. Now, Alice, will you begin to recite the poem, please? "In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree. Where -- Where" something, "the sacred river, ran Stop. Now, what is the name of the sacred river? Jennifer? Alph. Correct. Go back, please, Alice. "Where Alph please, Miss Treadwell, isn't that a bit silly? Continue with the poem, please, Alice. "Where Alph [Giggling] What is so funny? "Where Alph [Both giggling] When you've both quite finished, you will write out the entire poem four times. But, Miss Treadell, it's nearly 11:00. We were going to take Thimble down to the park. Well, we are not now going to the park. Let this be a lesson to you not to be so vulgar, rude, and silly. You may proceed. Poor little thing, hasn't been out all morning. Must be bursting. It wasn't my fault, Rose. Miss Treadwell kept us in. Well, why didn't you say something? I did, Rose, honestly. Alice, go to the school room at once. ALICE: Stay. I thought this dog was supposed to be house-trained. How dare you disobey my orders, Alice? - I haven't. -"I haven't, Miss Treadwell." I haven't, Miss Treadwell. I expressly forbade you to talk to the servants or go to their quarters. Rose is my friend. My dog has to live in her room because of you. Don't be insolent with me. You shall be punished for your behaviour. MRS. BRIDGES: Bread and water. Never heard nothing like it. Like medieval torture. I suppose she expects a slap-up dinner. I gather Miss Alice has been very disobedient. There was an altercation concerning Rose and the dog. Poor little thing. Miss Alice can be very willful and obstinate on occasions. She's a sweet angel of a child, that girl. And clever, too. It's the way people are treated, that's what I say. Animals, too. After all, she's only a little girl, still. Well, when I was her age, I'd run away from mill to work in service. And from the look of this saucepan, it's a pity you didn't stay in the mill. ROSE: I don't care what anyone says, I never could stand that dried-up stick of an old woman. She's more like a witch. Oh, really, Rose, you're just being childish. ROSE: I am not. I love Miss Alice. She's a real darling. And that woman hates her. She shouldn't be allowed near children, much less in charge. Well, Master William seemed fond enough of her. She can't be all bad. Pooh! School room supper ready yet, Mrs. Bridges? Yes, Frederick. Bread and water for Miss Alice and some nice tepid, congealed stew for Miss Treadwell. She won't like it. You just take it up to her and stop answering back. Yes, Mrs. Bridges. Thimble. Oh, Thimble! Golly! What are you doing, Alice? Nothing. Nothing? You lied to me, Alice. Look, I'm sorry. I'll pay for a new pair, really, I will. Thimble didn't mean to. Honestly! Little dog, you're not fit to be in the house! No,, Miss Treadwell, please! No, no! I hate you! You horrid -- How dare you! Go to your room this minute! Wait 'til your mother hears of this! Go to your room! You wished to see me? Yes, Hudson, I did. Firstly, will you give my compliments to Mrs. Bridges and tell her that my supper was quite inedible. I'm sorry, miss, I will speak to her. One would have thought in a house like this one could expect something properly cooked, even if simple. Yes, miss. MISS TREADVVELL: Now, about the dog. I'm afraid I find its presence in the house a disturbing and disruptive influence. It cannot go on. I have decided, therefore, to take it to the veterinary surgeon to be disposed of in a humane manner. I'm sure that Rose could keep the dog in some safe place until Miss Alice -- I find Rose has singularly failed to look after the dog as I was promised she would. I see. Have you mentioned this to Miss Alice? I think that is hardly your concern, Hudson. No, miss. Will you please see that the animal is placed in a basket or some other similar receptacle and brought to the hall at 10:00 tomorrow morning? I shall require a taxicab and the services of the footman to carry the animal. Thank you, Hudson, that will be all. But her ladyship gave Miss Treadwell the authority before she left. She said to me, "The governess is to do as she thinks fit in everything concerning Miss Alice." Those were her very words. Yes, but we're not going to do what she thinks fit, 'cause we don't think it's fit, do we, Mr. Hudson? She's up there, Mr. Hudson. Where is the dog? I'm sorry, Miss Treadwell, it appears it has been mislaid. You mean it has been deliberately mislaid. Hidden, in fact. Not as far as I know. Rose reported to me that -- Where is Rose? She is downstairs, miss. I wish to know the whereabouts of the dog, please. Hudson, will you please ask the staff the whereabouts of Miss Alice's dog? Rose? Oh, you asking me? Yes, Rose, we are asking you. Well, Miss Treadwell, in the first place, my name isn't Rose, it's Miss Buck, and please don't forget it. I'm Lady Bellamy's maid, and as such, I don't have to answer to anybody in this household except my mistress, least of all a governess. Secondly, that dog don't belong to you, me, nor anyone else. It belongs to Miss Alice, and she loves it. - Where is it? - I don't know where it is. And if I did know, I wouldn't tell you. You'd be the last person in the world I'd tell, 'cause you can't stand seeing people fond of each other, like Miss Alice is fond of Thimble, I'm fond of her, and she's fond of me. It drives you mad with jealousy, don't it? Rose! Will anyone tell me the whereabouts of the dog? It, it -- MISS TREADWELL: Well? It run away. MISS TREADWELL: Bosh! So this is a conspiracy of silence. Well, I hope you all know what you're doing. That's all I can say. I've had a telegram saying Lord and Lady Bellamy are returning tomorrow. And God help you all. That's torn it. Oh, lor'. What's the matter with her? It has run away, hasn't it? Yes, Ruby, of course it has. And it's none of your business, anyway. Now, come into the kitchen and help me with the vegetables. After all that, where is it? It's in our room, over the garage. [Giggling] [Bell ringing] [Bell ringing] I've finished my prep, Miss Treadwell. Please, may I go down and see Thimble? No, you may not. But I said I was sorry. I really am sorry. I'll tell Mummy it was all my fault and everything. I should think so, too. Please, please may I go down and see Thimble? He is my dog. I've told you once, no. Just do as you're told. I'm going down to see Thimble. I haven't seen him all day. I don't care what you or Mummy or Uncle Richard or anyone say. MISS TREADVVELL: Alice! If you must know, the dog is no longer there. What? What -- You haven't. You couldn't have! According to the servants, it has run away and is lost. But darling Thimble! How awful. We must go and look for him, everyone. I mean, lost in London, with all the cars and the buses! He's probably gone to the park. Oh, it'll be shut by now. Have you rung the police about him? The dog is nothing to do with me. But I must go and see Rose. I must. You will not see anyone or leave this house until your parents get back tomorrow. I must! [sobbing] He's on Daisy's bed, sleeping sound as a bell. I reckon that little dog's the only one in this household who will sleep sound tonight. What are you up to now, Rose? It's for Miss Alice. To tell her. I'll push it under the door. That old cow must be asleep by now. Oh, I think you're being most unwise, Rose. - Why? - Telling Miss Alice. Well it isn't human not to. Do you know, I could even hear her crying when I went up to air their bed for tomorrow. Nevertheless, a child in her state should not be told any secrets. She'll blurt it out. And then that woman will have the dog along to the vet's first thing, before her ladyship returns. Oh, I hadn't thought of that. Perhaps you're right. Oh, Rose, tell me. Tell me please. Miss Alice. You'll catch your death. What's happened to Thimble? Oh, Miss Alice. I'm afraid your wee dog is missing, Miss Alice. We're doing everything we can to find him, and the police have been informed. Oh, so it's true! Oh, Rose! Oh, well, we'll probably find him in the morning. Can't have gone far, can he, Mr. Hudson? Oh, no, no, probably someone's taken him in for the night. And after all, he has got his name and address on his collar. But what if he's been hurt or run over? Well, then, we should know. The police would tell us. Yes, so no news is good news. Come along, Miss Alice, you go upstairs to bed and try not to worry. I'll be up to tuck you in later. Will you pray for Thimble, please? Certainly, Miss Alice. How I hate that woman. Any news of Thimble, Daisy? None that I know of, Miss Alice. They're back! It's the car! It's Mummy and Uncle Richard. Alice, look at your hair. Do it at once! I don't care! I trust you had a good trip, my lord. Excellent, thank you, Hudson. Food was wonderful. Don't tell Mrs. Bridges, though. Will you be requiring breakfast, my lady? No, we had some on the boat trip. Oh, but some coffee would be nice, wouldn't it, darling? - Oh, yes, please. - Ah, Frederick. Very good, Mr. Hudson. Excuse me, my lord, I wonder if I might speak to you a moment -- Alice! Oh, Alice, darling. - Alice. - Hello, Uncle Richard. How are you, darling? Terrible. Everything's awful. Everything's gone wrong. Come in here, quickly. Poor, darling Thimble's lost and no one can find him anywhere. And Miss Treadwell's been dreadfully horrid. Rose thinks she's a bit cuckoo, and so do I. You mustn't believe a word she says. Excuse me, my lady, the governess would like to speak to you. Hudson, we've only just come off the train. This matter is extremely urgent, Lady Bellamy. All right. Oh, Alice, darling, run upstairs and help Rose unpack. Please, darling. And thank you, Hudson. My lady. We were so sorry to hear about the dog. If you ask me, the servants are hiding it. It's not lost at all. It's all part of their plot. Plot? I suppose Hudson's been telling you a pack of lies about me. Miss Treadwell, I have known Hudson for a great number of years, and I can assure you, he is one of the most honest men I have ever met. What has been the trouble, Miss Treadwell? Every single person in this house has conspired to subvert my authority, Lady Bellamy. The ladies' maid has been impertinent and has insulted me to my face in front of the others. The butler has disobeyed my orders and lied to me. The cook has tried to poison me. And the footman laughs at me behind my back. Never in all my experience have I come across such a disagreeable, mutinous pack of servants. No wonder your daughter is such a tiresome, willful girl when she's allowed to mix with them. She actually struck me, that girl. She needs a good beating. She -- she's the one that needs the discipline of a boarding school, if anyone does. There is good news about the dog, my lady. It has been found in the mews. Oh, uh, good, Hudson. There, you see, what did I tell you? The second you return, the dog is miraculously found. The sooner it's got rid of and put to sleep, the better. Put to sleep? Yes, it's a dirty, destructive animal. Half the trouble in this house has been caused by that dog. It's upset Alice, it's upset me. It sounds to me, Miss Treadwell, as though you would be happier away from here. I can assure you, Lady Bellamy, I wouldn't have stayed another second in this house had it not been for a sense of duty to you and Lord Bellamy. Well, that's very loyal of you, Miss Treadwell, but we're back now, so you needn't worry. Can I suggest two weeks' salary, in lieu of notice? So I'm to be thrown out like a -- like a -- Miss Treadwell, you yourself suggested that -- I suggest that you get rid of Rose and that -- that butler, and then you might get some control over your daughter. I think that is a matter for us to decide. I see. I knew you wouldn't listen to me. You never do, you sort of people. No wonder your servants run riot the minute your back's turned. Miss Treadwell. Very well, I'll go with pleasure. Four weeks' salary, it should be, if you look at the usual terms of employment as laid down by the agencies. All right, four weeks' salary. Thank you. Oh, dear. I really think she is quite mad. Oh, I do hate rows. I wonder if I've got enough money to pay her without going to the bank. How much did you pay her? One pound ten a week. Let's see, perhaps I can manage. There you are. Thank you, darling. Would you pour me out some coffee? I really feel quite giddy. RICHARD: Poor woman. She really seems to hate servants and dogs. And little girls. RICHARD: Not a very good recommendation for a governess. What on Earth has been going on here? And what are we going to do with Alice? Well, now, we must talk about that. Poor darling Thimble. Poor darling Thimble. What a dreadful thing to happen to a darling little dog. Do you know, last night, we were all -- Isn't it wonderful news about Thimble, Miss Treadwell? Aren't we going to the museums? You can do whatever you like, as far as I'm concerned. I'm no longer in charge of you. Mummy! Put your finger on the knot, Ruby, you're not lacing boots. Miss Treadwel's leaving! She's been sacked! MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, I say. Miss Treadwel's leaving! Isn't it wonderful news? Thank you all for finding Thimble. Oh, my lady. I think this chiffon had best go to the cleaner's Oh, yes. Some clumsy Frenchman spilt some wine over it. I hope it'll come out. Oh, I should think so. They're very clever at what they can do nowadays. My lady, I hope you don't think that I deliberately disobeyed Miss Treadwell. No, of course not, Rose. If I did, it was but for Miss Alice's sake and poor Thimble. I'm so glad Miss Treadwell's leaving, Mummy. Yes, darling, I'm afraid Miss Treadwell has been, well, rather silly about everything -- I'm sorry. Need I have another governess? I've just been talking to your Uncle Richard about that very thing. He thinks it would be best if you went to a daily school. There are several very good ones in London. Oh, yes, please, Mummy. VIRGINIA: Well, we'll have to see. I've just had a letter from William. ROSE: Oh, how's he getting on, my lady? Listen, Rose. "Dear Mummy, I hope you are well. I am very well. We had a lecture about lifeboats. It was very good. I'm in dorm B. Must stop now. Lots of love to everyone, including Treddie and Thimble. FPS. Tell Treddie I came second in maths last week and thank her for her funny postcard." I've never known a taxicab take quite so long. Oh, it's coming from the rank in Sloane Square. It will be here directly, miss. Goodbye, Miss Treadwell. Goodbye, Alice. Come on, Thimble. Your taxicab is here. Goodbye, Miss Treadwell. Goodbye, Hudson. Liverpool Street Station, please. Look,Rose, aren't Bert's pictures lovely? Yes, miss, they are very nice. Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 