Upstairs, Downstairs: Season 5, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Upstairs, Downstairs 
 s5e3 - Laugh a Little Louder Please - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Upstairs, Downstairs (1971–1975): Season 5, Episode 3 - Laugh a Little Louder Please - full transcript 
 Georgina continues to have many admirers and seems to go from party to party with a bevy of young men following her every move. One in particular, Robin Eliott, is particularly keen on her though Georgina doesn't quite reciprocate his ardent feelings for her. With Richard and Virginia away, Georgina convinces James to let her throw a party at 165 Eaton Place. It proves to be something of a wild party, where guests bring a bottle of liquor or wine to gain admittance - something that shocks the staid Hudson - and where some of the costumes being worn are more than revealing. When in a quiet moment Robin presses Georgina to marry him, she makes it quite clear that she simply wants to have fun and make up for the years she has lost. She is not ready for the outcome of her rejection. Meanwhile the new governess, Miss Treadwell, arrives in the midst of the partying and its aftermath. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) [Clock chiming] [Laughter] Oh, it's Miss Georgina. Isn't she in bed? Come on. WOMAN: Bye-bye, Dolly. Bye-bye, Georgina. - Bye, Georgina, bye. MAN: Bye-bye, darling. Goodbye. WOMAN: See you tomorrow. Thank you, Robin. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Can't I come in? No, you can't. The servants will be up soon. Well, then we can have a cup of coffee. You've had three cups at the coffee stall. Ah, but I didn't have a cheese sandwich. Perhaps if I came in and waited, Mrs. Bridges could make me a cheese sandwich. If you go away now, you can come to lunch. - Can I? - Yes. I'm not sure I can wait until then. Well, you'll just have to. If we were married, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I wouldn't have to go away at all. Oh, Robin. Go away. Good morning, Daisy. Morning, Miss Georgina. Come and help me undress, would you? Oh, Miss Georgina, your dress. GEORGINA: Oh, It's all right, I pinned it back in the cloakroom. I knew Major Bellamy would have a fit if he saw it. Here, Lily, go and do the front door brass for me, there's a dear. Oh, Daisy, I've got my stairs -- Go on. Oh, all right. Hey, Dais! What? LILY: He's still there -- across the road. Who? Captain Elliott? He's gazing up at Miss Georgina's window. Miss Georgina's bedroom is at the back. Well, I think it's romantic. DAISY: I'd best leave this for Rose to mend. Just look how Miss Georgina tore it pinning it back like that. What time did she get in? Not till 6:00. And she won't stir now before 11:00. All right for some, isn't it? Oh, I like to see Miss Georgina enjoying herself. She worked hard enough in the war. Well, she wasn't the only one. Why should she have all the larks now? Eddie, you don't grudge it her? No, but, I mean, we're all in this war together, and, afterwards, it was going to be different. Well, it's not so different for me now. Eddie. Oh, I'm sorry, Dais. I just -- I'm fed up at being at everyone's beck and call all the time. It wasn't so bad before we were married. DAISY: Well, we've got a place. It's not exactly ours, is it? No, but it's better than... Eddie, we have got a place, and we've got our jobs. Yes, I know, and we've got to be grateful. No, not grateful exactly, but -- Listen, servants aren't so easy to get nowadays. Nor are jobs. Dais -- Edward, you haven't seen my runnock have you? Your runnock, Lily? What would I be doing with your runnock? Ha. Wouldn't catch me putting my hands on a young girl's runnock. Edward, you are awful. What have I said? Well, you won't find your runnock in here. Wasn't it in your box? No, I want to do the morning room, and I can't find it. Well, it's probably in the scullery, Lily. Well, I've got to get upstairs. Daisy, here... What is it? Well, the other day, his lordship and the master were talking about something in the car that Lady Astor had said. Lady Astor? Yes, you know, that woman member of Parliament. Oh, I don't agree with women members of Parliament. Well, neither do I, but that's got nothing to do with it. Now, she was saying that a friend of hers is trying to bring a bill into Parliament. - Oh? Daisy! I don't know what you're talking about, Edward. I'm trying to tell you something. If I don't go and do the Major's room while he's having his breakfast, it'll never get done. EDWARD: Never mind that now. Now, listen, this is important, and I want you to have time to think about it. Think about what? Well, they're talking about, on account of them being so many unemployed, about helping them to emigrate. - well, we're not unemployed. - No. Oh, Eddie, you didn't mean us? [Laughs] Where would we go? Canada, Australia. What, and go into service there? But they don't have servants out there, that's the good point about it. What would we do? I-I'd get some land or something. Oh, Eddie, you've never even worked as a gardener. The only thing I ever grew was a geranium in a pot, and that died. Oh, Eddie, we've got a good place here. We can be together and save a bit. When Mr. Hudson retires, you may even be butler. EDWARD: Hmm, some hopes. There's a lot worse off than we are. Yes, I know. I suppose you're right. Still, at least we are amongst friends, so to speak. Edward, have you not got any work to do? The chauffeur is not supposed to sit around a table in the servants' hall drinking cups of tea. Daisy, do you know where I found this? Oh, no, Mr. Hudson. Lily was just looking for that. Daisy, I can't find it. Oh, Mr. Hudson, you've found the polish. Yes, I found it -- on the doorstep. I do not expect to open the front door of 165 Eaton Place and trip over a tin of polish. Kindly, be more careful in future, Daisy. Oh, well, I didn't do the front door this morning, Mr. Hudson. Lily did it. Yes. I must have put it down when I was looking in my box for the Brasso. I'm ever so sorry, Mr. Hudson. HUDSON: That's all right, Lily. I thought it was your task, Daisy, to do the front brass. Oh, yes, Mr. Hudson, but this morning, Miss Georgina asked me -- Daisy, as head house parlour maid, you have some authority, but I do not expect you to abuse it by leaving your work to others. Edward, I thought you were going to press his lordship's winter suits during his absence abroad. Come along, Lily, we've all got a busy day ahead of us. Can I have this piece of pastry please, Bridgey? "Mrs. Bridges," if you please, Master William. And I haven't got time to make patty-cakes for you this morning. I've got to make these pies. That one for the nursery -- Alice says we're not to call it the nursery any more. It's a schoolroom now, because we're having a governess. Oh, I beg your pardon, I'm sure. Ruby! Come and grease these pie dishes for me. RUBY: I'm doing the vegetables, Mrs. Bridges. WILLIAM; I'll do it. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, all right, Ruby, all right. I don't think I want to have a governess. MRS. BRIDGES: Well, you must have someone to look after you. WILLIAM: Rose can look after us. MRS. BRIDGES: Rose can't teach you your lessons. Oh, thank you, Master William, that will do splendidly. Anyway, you need somebody to stop you quarreling. What was it all about this morning, eh? Alice is always reading, and when I ask her to play with me, she says, "Shut up" and throws something at me. Oh, does she now? Thank you, Master William. I wish I could live with Edward and Daisy in their little house. MRS. BRIDGES: In the mews? Ladies and gentlemen don't live in mewses. That's for servants. WILLIAM: I like Edward. MRS. BRIDGES: I hope you like everybody downstairs. WILLIAM: I'm sure I shan't like the governess. Oh-ho, she won't be downstairs. Anyway, it's not good for you to be in the kitchen too much. Here comes Mr. Hudson, you see what he says when he sees you. There will be four for luncheon, Mrs. Bridges. Lady Newbury is staying. Oh, there now. I'll have to make another pudding. FREDERICK: It's only one extra, Mrs. Bridges. MRS. BRIDGES: I dare say, but it's one thing when Captain Elliott stays on as an extra one for luncheon, but quite another thing when it's a luncheon party which includes Lady Newton. Oh, Frederick, you'd better put the bomboniere on the table. Right, Mr. Hudson. Would be the one thing I never cleaned yesterday. No peace for the wicked, eh, Mrs. Bridges? WILLIAM: I'll help you, Frederick. I can take the polish up, can't I, Mr. Hudson? Very well, Master William. But you'll have to wear my apron. MRS. BRIDGES: I suppose I'd better make my apple delight. HUDSON: Here we are then. I think I'll have to give them a savory as well. Oh, I thought we was going to have a nice, quiet, peaceful time with his lordship and her ladyship away. You've got to keep your feet still, Robin. You've got to keep your feet still, Robin. What? But you can't keep your feet still when you're dancing. - But you have to. - It's a contradiction in terms. It's not. Now to the side. ROBIN: But you said I couldn't move my -- Oh, wind it up, James. Yes, but you have to keep your feet still. And move... Is that what they call the shimmy-shake, Mr. Hudson? I have no idea, Frederick. Get about your business. Frederick! There, what do you think of that? JAMES: I'm never going to dance that in public. And why not? ROBIN: It's all the rage in America. DIANA: I think it's rather vulgar. I don't think I shall learn it. HUDSON: Would you care for me to mix the cocktails, sir? JAMES: Oh, no, thank you, Hudson. I'll do it. What's for you Diana, Bronx or Martini? Martini, thanks. Why aren't you working, Robin? I thought you had a job? ROBIN: Well, I had, but I got the sack. GEORGINA: He was selling painted hair curlers. DIANA: I don't believe it. ROBIN: Yes, it's absolutely true. I answered this advertisement which said, "Do you want to make your fortune?" And, of course, I did. So, I went along and saw this man called Stellenbosoh, who's invented a new kind of hair curler. DIANA: Is that really his name? Well, something like that. Anyway, he said he would let me in on the ground floor, but I had to go out and meet the public. So, he gave me a suitcase full of the beastly things, and I had to go trudging round all sorts of places like Waddington that I've never even heard of. Oh, Robin, not a salesman! Ah, yes, but that was just the first rung on the ladder. Hmm, but he fell off. What happened? Well, most of them didn't even answer, they just peered at me through the curtains, anyway -- JAMES: They didn't like the look of you, eh? ROBIN: Well, that is very possibly. Anyway, finally one woman did answer the door. She was wearing a night-dress and a dressing-gown, and she had her hair curled up, you know, with little bits of rag. So, I explained that I had come to talk to her about a marvellous new invention. She said, "Oh, you want to speak to my husband?" "No, madam," I cried, "I want to speak to you. Are you comfortable in bed?" And she slapped my face and slammed the door. [Laughter] GEORGINA: He's making it up. No, I'm not, I promise you. Anyway, I went back to old Stinkingbomb, and I said was he sure that there was such a fortune in these things, when women could quite easily curl their hair with bits of rag which cost them nothing at all? And 10 minutes later, I had joined the ranks of the unemployed. Oh, Robin. [Laughs] ROBIN: Thanks. Dinner ready yet, Mrs. Bridges? No, it is not, and I've got a luncheon party to prepare. Oh, I'm sorry. Ruby, go into the larder and bring me out a big jar of them apples. And then come back and mash some potatoes. ROSE: Oh, Ruby. Nursery tray ready, Mrs. Bridges? No, it is not, Rose, you'll have to get it yourself. I shouldn't have to do this by rights. MRS. BRIDGES: Ruby! Hurry up and come and mash these potatoes. RUBY: They should have a nursery maid. HUDSON: Oh, well, when the governess arrives, the children will customarily have their luncheon with her in the dining room. ROSE: Yes, well, until such time, Daisy will have to see to the nursery meals. I'm not carrying no trays upstairs for no governess. It's Fred's place to do that. No, it isn't, Daisy. I'm not the nurse's footman. HUDSON: Now, that is quite enough of that! I shall assign your duties in consultation with her ladyship, and you will all carry them out. This is not the kind of household in which we indulge in petty arguments about who is to carry a tray upstairs. Oh, that's terrible. It says here there are nearly two million unemployed. Well, that should make us all very thankful that our paths have fallen in pleasant paces -- er, peasant places -- Once out of a position, it is not so easy to find one again, as you should well know, Edward. JAMES: Well, when does Bunny come back, Diana? Oh, I don't know, tomorrow, I think. And why aren't you with him, like a good little wife? Oh, James, have you ever seen Bunny being bucolic? Well, if you have, of course, you know how grisly it is. He has this idea he has a duty to the land, a sort of debt. Oh, like the debt I owe my tailor. Except that your tailor probably knows he'll never get paid. Apparently, the land isn't satisfied unless Bunny spends several days in every month trudging round it in wellington boots -- squelch, squelch, squelch -- scratching the backs of pigs. No idea what a disgusting noise it makes when you scratch a pig's back -- a sort of bristly -- ugh! I adore pigs. DIANA: So does Bunny. Scratching a pig's back is supposed to send them into a sort of ecstasy. But, actually, when Bunny's leaning over the pen with a glazed look in his eye, it's almost impossible to tell them apart. Diana, why are you so beastly to poor old Bunny? I'm no more beastly to him now than I was before we got married. ROBIN: Well, perhaps he hoped you'd be nicer. Then, he was a fool. Which, of course, he is. I don't think people ought to get married unless they absolutely adore one another. Don't think I'm saying that you and Bunny don't. Of course not. Is your father away, James? Yes, yes, he and my stepmother are in Geneva. They rushed off yesterday. My dear stepmother is one of those people who either takes a carpet bag into which she's thrown nothing but her favourite ornament and a clean handkerchief or 40 pieces of baggage. Yesterday, it was the 40 pieces of baggage. There we were standing at the station, frantically searching for a hatbox. Without which she could not possibly spend the night on a train. Perhaps her hair net was packed in it. Perfectly reasonable. I'll look forward to the day when everyone travels by aeroplane. Then they'll have to confine themselves to a carpetbag. You don't really think that day will ever come, do you, James? Well, I don't see why not. I mean, if Allcock and Brown could fly the Atlantic... Yes, just as a special effort. It'll never be like trains with timetables. ROBIN: Well, imagine, an aerial Bradshaw. What does your father find to do in Geneva? I hate Switzerland, all those wholesome people wearing woolen stockings and yodeling. Oh, he's managing this League of Nations thing. ROBIN: Well, there's not much point, is there, now the Americans have ratted on it? JAMES: None at all, no one gives a damn about it here, especially the Socialists. Pacifist during the war, and now all they can talk about is wages. I know, don't talk politics. GEORGINA: Let's talk about dancing. Oh, I'd like to dance all night and all day. JAMES: You very nearly do. What time did you get home last night? Oh, I don't know. We started at the Berkeley, but then the band went home, so we went on to Sally Brent's house and danced to the gramophone. Oh, and what did Lord Brant think of that? Luckily, he was away. - Let's have a party here. - Hmm? With Uncle Richard away, it's the perfect opportunity. - Oh, now wait a minute. - Oh, yes, do! And then Georgina and I could dance all night. No, no, thank you. I don't want crazy people doing the shimmy-shake in this house. James, don't be such a bore. You used to be such fun. Since the war, you've been positively tedious. Sorry, I didn't realize. Oh, Jumbo, do say yes, it would be such fun. You'd enjoy yourself, really you would. We'd have a band and all our friends. Do say yes. Luncheon is served, sir. Ah, thank you, Hudson. I -- I don't know. Oh, that means yes! What fun! Now, what kind of party shall we give? How about a baby party? Everyone having to arrive in perambulators. No, that's been done. Everything's been done, that's the trouble. Yes, but a bathing party's always quite fun. GEORGINA: I don't fancy wearing last year's bathing dress. Well, you could always be terribly daring and come as one of those bathing beauties in the moving pictures. Well, that'll just be next year's bathing dress. I tell you what, let's have a servants' ball. All dress as housemaids and footmen. I'm not sure Hudson would like that. You wouldn't mind, would you, Hudson? I think it might lead to some confusion, my lady. Oh, look, why not just call it a fancy dress party, and leave everyone free to come as they choose? Oh, no, then Bunny will wear his Pierrot costume again, which is grisly for words. JAMES: Well, why shouldn't he? Freedom, that's what we all fought for, wasn't it? Well, of course, that's it. DIANA: What? We'll give a freedom party. DIANA: What do you mean? Birds, wood nymphs, satyrs, revolutionary! DIANA: I think it's a wonderful idea. HUDSON: You remember the gold and silver ball, Mrs. Bridges, HUDSON: You remember the gold and silver ball, Mrs. Bridges, at Londonderry House, when Lady Marjorie appeared as Marie Antoinette? Oh, yes. Hmm, and his lordship, Mr. Bellamy, as he then was, went as Louis the -- oh, Louis the something -- in lace collar and velvet knee breeches. Oh! MRS. BRIDGES: I do hope Miss Georgina has a pretty costume. LILY: Well, it seems funny that they should have it when his lordship and her ladyship are away, though. Oh, I expect it'll just be a young people's party, Lily. More informal than it might have been if her ladyship had been here. Well, I must see Master William up for bed. When did you say it was going to be, Mr. Hudson? Next Thursday, Rose. Rather sharp notice. That's when the governess is coming. It never rains but it pours in this household. MRS. BRIDGES; Oh! The governess! Are you sure this is all you want to wear for an open motor? It's got a thick collar, Daisy. Slip through to the front bedroom and see if you can see Mr. Bakerfields two-seater. I must just say good night to the children. Well, at least you're not going on that Captain Elliott's motorbike. GEORGINA: Oh, I'll probably come back on that. It's bad for you, going to bed with your hair wet. WILLIAM: What does it do to you? ROSE: It -- it makes you deaf. Oh, Rose, it doesn't. Hello. - Oh. - Hello, Rose. I just came to say good night. Georgina, you look lovely. Oh, thank you. Just like a fairy princess, doesn't she, William? I think she looks silly. ROSE: Master William! Well, it's lucky everyone doesn't think so. Have you got lots of men in love with you, Georgina? Oh, not lots. Two or three perhaps. Good night, sweet dreams. Good night, William. Give me a big kiss. I'm too old to kiss people. Oh. Well, I'll kiss you then. You needn't kiss back. Good night. Good night, Rose. Good night, Miss Georgina. Good night. Isn't she lucky, Rose? Nothing to do but enjoy herself. Robin, what are you doing here? Well, I thought I'd follow you on my bike as an outrider. - Oh, Robin. Well, you'll be glad of me if Harry gets a puncture in his beastly old motorcar. You'd better take this, Miss Georgina. Mr. Bakerfield may not to have thought to put one in. Thank you, Hudson. Oh, Miss Georgina, about the party. How many guests will you be expecting? We'll have to be thinking about food and wine. Oh, don't bother about drinks, Hudson. We're going to make it a bottle party. A bottle? Hmm, everyone arrives with a bottle of gin or wine or something. Well, it's the easiest way, because as soon as people hear there's a party, they do tend to turn up, and then the drinks run out. You mean uninvited guests, Miss Georgina? Oh, if they get too tiresome, we'll get Edward and Fred to throw them out. Or I'll shoot them with this. Robin, put it away. Good night, Hudson. HUDSON: Good night, sir. ALICE: "The goblins drew back, howling on every side. They were tumbling over each other in heaps in their eagerness to escape from the cave, when a new assailant suddenly faced him. The queen with flaming eyes and expanded nostrils, her hair standing half up on her head rushed up All right, that's enough. You're frightening, Master William. Pooh! Of course, she's not. I don't mind a few goblins. - There, look. - Ugh! Anyway, you'll have to clear the table now because we're going to put the carpet down. Oh, Rose, you are a nuisance. ROSE: Oh, am I? Well, your governess is coming soon, and you can call her a nuisance for a change. WILLIAM: I bet she'll be like a goblin queen. ROSE: Well, I don't see why she should. I think she'll be more like the old spinning lady. Who? "The princess opened the door and entered. There was the moonlight streaming in at the window, and in the middle of the moonlight sat the old lady in her black dress with the white lace and her silvery hair mingling with the moonlight." Well, I don't think she'll be quite like that neither. Rose? Why didn't she come here first so that we could see if we liked her? Well, anyway, she won't take any notice of you. You're just a silly little boy. - No, I'm not! - Yes, you are. - No, I'm not! - Silly little boy... FREDERICK: You've both started up again. ALICE: Frederick! Now then, Master William, that is no way to behave. But she called me a silly little boy. Oh, you don't want to take no notice of what the ladies say, eh, Rose? Now, if you two will have a truce, we can lay the carpet. Hmm. Come on, give us a hand with the table. Master William, I'll send you to see my Sergeant Major. ROSE: Thank you. We've got to do something about the decorations, James. Wish we could have nymphs and fauns painted on the wall. Oh, if only Augustus John would come and do some of his splendid nudes. I don't suppose Uncle Richard would like that. JAMES: No, neither would I. You know, Dolly said if she was really supposed to be as free as air, she'd come with nothing on. So, I said if she felt like it, she'd better do it. HUDSON; Lily! GEORGINA: Only 10 acceptances so far. Do you suppose that means that only 10 are coming, or that everyone is coming, but only 10 have bothered to answer? JAMES: Really, Georgina, I've no idea. Can't think why you started this party in the first place. GEORGINA: What's the matter? Are you afraid I might enjoy it? JAMES: Now, Georgina, that's not fair. You know very well, I like to see you enjoying yourself. But I can't. I can't, James, unless you do, too. James, we lost four years of our youth when we had to be miserable and frightened and watch all our friends being killed one by one. Well, they're dead, and there's nothing we can do about it. So, let's forget it and have some fun, please. All right, we'll have fun. We'll have the most stupendous party ever seen. [Doorbell rings] Oh, there's Robin. Oh, you're not going out on the motorbike again? GEORGINA: We're going down to Brooklands to watch the motor racing. Tell him I won't be long. Oh, Hudson, that'll be Captain Elliott. Tell him I won't be long. Very good, Miss Georgina. Good morning, sir. Good morning, Hudson. Miss Worsley will be down shortly, sir. Major Bellamy is in the morning room. - Good morning, Robin. - Morning, James. Would you care for some coffee, sir? Oh, Hudson, that would be splendid. I've been up since 6:00 working on the bike. Of course, it was the magneto, and I can't afford a new one, so I had to take it all to pieces. HUDSON: Did you have time for any breakfast, sir? ROBIN: Well, as a matter of fact... HUDSON: I will see what Mrs. Bridges can produce, sir. ROBIN: Oh, thanks awfully, Hudson. Do you know, it's a damned nuisance not having any money. I wish I could afford a car like that lucky devil Harry Bakerfield. JAMES: He has a rich, if unpleasant, father. ROBIN: Yes, I'm devoted to my pa, but he's going broke nearly as fast as I am. You know, I don't think he'll be able to hang on to the estate. JAMES: What, Abbotswood? You won't have to sell it will you? ROBIN: Well, it looks like it. Probably to old Stellenbosch. You know, James, you and I joined the wrong profession. We should have been war profiteers. JAMES: You found a job yet? ROBIN: No, not a chance. Did think of going over to Ireland. They still want ex-officers there for the auxiliaries. JAMES: Hmm, not a job I fancy. ROBIN: Yeah, it would mean leave... Did Georgina tell you we were nearly arrested last night? Hmm? what for? Well, Dolly had this marvellous idea of going along to Limehouse to try and find some Chinamen, and see if they would lead us to an opium den. But all we found were a couple of drunken sailors. And then the police arrived and said we were causing a breach of the peace. Which, of course, you were. Well, anyway, they arrested the drunken sailors instead. Tonight we are going to the Berkeley. We think it is safer. Isn't it -- isn't it a bit expensive, you know, taking Georgina out every night? Oh, the Berkeley's not too bad. You can dance 'til midnight on a jug of beer. JAMES: Robin? ROBIN: Mm-hmm. JAMES: I love Georgina dearly, but, well, she's a bit scatterbrained. ROBIN: Yes, I know. JAMES: I mean, she settled down a lot during the war, all that nursing but -- ROBIN: Are you trying to warn me off? JAMES: No All I'm saying is you mustn't depend on her too much. ROBIN: It's not a question of depending. Just that everything's so bloody, you've got to have something to hang on to. Mrs. Bridges had a York ham in out, sir. She thought you might care for a little. Hudson, you are a trump, and so is Mrs. Bridges. ROSE: Many hands make light work. ROSE: Many hands make light work. FREDERIC: Work shared is work halved. ROSE: That's ever so heavy. FREDERICK: Here, I'll take it. Where do you want it, Rose? - Over there. - All right. Mind that, Master William. DAISY: This carpet looks really nice. ROSE: Hmm, it comes from Miss Elizabeth's room. See, that's where she spilt that pot of rouge. Never quite been able to get it off. LILY: Oh, it doesn't show though, Rose. ROSE: Her ladyship said we've got to make the room look really nice. DAISY: Well, I reckon you have, Rose. - Aren't you pleased? Daisy, give us a hand. WILLIAM: I liked it as it was before. FREDERICK: Well, you've still got your rocking horse in. DAISY: Look, we'll have to remember to call it the schoolroom now, won't we? ALICE: And that desk's mine, not William's. WILLIAM: I don't want it! I don't want a governess, either. ROSE: Well, you'll like her when she gets here. DAISY: She'll like this room, too. ALICE: And you're not to make it untidy. WILLIAM: She's not coming 'til Thursday! ROSE: Well, I'm not going to do this room again. We've got the party to think of Thursday. Miss Alice, I'm surprised at you. Lady Newbury, sir. - Oh. - Hello. Diana. Nice to see you. I just called in to see what you're wearing at the party. Oh, I thought I'd go as a sans culotte. DIANA: What on Earth's that? JAMES: French Revolutionary -- literally without trousers. DIANA: How literally are you taking it? JAMES: Not very. I thought I'd leave that to Dolly. What are you going as? DIANA: I don't know. You've just given me an idea. Do you want -- do you want a cocktail? No, thanks. Bunny's traveling up this morning, and insists that I shall meet him for lunch. JAMES: How are things between you and Bunny? DIANA: Oh, you know how things are between me and Bunny. JAMES: No, I don't, or I wouldn't ask. It's funny, isn't it? During the war, I used to think "Bunny will be killed, and then I shall find out that I do love him after all." But he wasn't killed. If he had been... every armistice, I should have been like my sister-in-law, sitting in a heavy black veil with tears running down my cheeks. Do you think Georgina's in love with Robin? I don't know. I don't think she knows. DIANA: I'm sure when we were their age, we always knew whether we were in love or not. Yes. But that generation, because of the war, know too much. They spend their time trying to forget it. Oh, well, on with the dance. [Chuckles] [Exhaling] [Pop] FREDERICK: Do we need any other kind of glasses, Mr. Hudson? HUDSON: I have no idea, Frederick. It depends what bottles the guests bring. LILY: Do you know, Rose said that at Lord Purbrighfs house, they just tipped all the bottles into the bath, and then they just dipped their glasses in it and -- HUDSON: We shall not be doing anything like that here, Lily. We will serve champagne when the guests first arrive, and you, Frederick, will take any bottles from them. In due course, these will be opened and served in the appropriate glasses. FREDERICK: Yes, Mr. Hudson. EDWARD: Do I have to blow all these balloons up, Mr. Hudson? It's making my head go pop. Oh, I'll help you in a minute, Edward. I love blowing up balloons. EDWARD: Oh, thanks. Where have they got to go when they're done? In the hall, Edward. I understand Lady Dolly is bringing a piece of statuary in to complete the decoration. Oh, Mrs. Bridges, you have not forgotten supper for the governess, have you? MRS. BRIDGES: Well, she'll just have to have had soup and vol-au-vent and some of my almond slice. I hope that's good enough for her. Trust a governess to want a tray when I'm here doing deviled lobsters. RUBY: Why can't she eat it in servants' hall? We could lay it on corner of table. HUDSON: That is out of the question, Ruby. Miss Treadwell will have a tray in her room, Mrs. Bridges. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, well, don't worry me now, Mr. Hudson. I'm trying to get this galantine out. You sure that's right, Miss Georgina. Yes, of course it is, Daisy. ROSE: Miss Georgina. Oh, Rose, is that my crown? Yes. I got the bend out. I don't think it'll show. Now, where's your costume? JAMES: Liberté, égalité, and the boring brotherhood of man. Oh, James, you look splendid. I feel a bloody idiot. I can't dance in these shoes. GEORGINA: Of course, you can. JAMES: Yes, well come on, downstairs. What the devil is that? MAN: Excuse me! HUDSON: Of course, be very careful! WOMAN: It must be at the foot of the stairs so everybody can see it. [Laughter] WOMAN: Whee! JAMES: I can hardly see the damn thing. GEORGINA: Dolly, it's the most obscene thing I've ever seen. It's gorgeous. JAMES: Did something happen to the fig leaf or something? MAN: Dolly can part with some of her vine leaves. GEORGINA: No, no, that's what the balloons are for. We are not putting balloons on him. DOLLY: Then after midnight, when we untie the balloons and they float away taking all our inhibitions with them, we are as free as nature first made man when wild in woods the noble savage ran. MAN: That's rather good. DOLLY: Georgina, you look divine. What are you? The Statue of Liberty. I'm a wood nymph. Since there are bound to be dozens of satyrs and shepherds, I expect to be chased like mad all night. I'll start now. MAN: I have my trident now! [Laughter] No, no, no! DOLLY; Oh. Oh, good evening. WOMAN: Oh, good evening. - Miss Treadwell? - Yes. How do you do? I'm Georgina Worsley, and, well, this is Major Bellamy. JAMES: Oh, how do you do? HUDSON: Perhaps you would care to see your room -- JAMES: Tommy, I think we ought to time ourselves to see cocktails in the morning room. I'm so sorry, we seem to be a bit disorganized. Oh, that's quite all right, Major Bellamy. Yes, well, Rose will look after you. Now then, everybody, come along... TREADWELL: I thought the children would be in bed. ROSE: Oh, well, they would have been normally, what with the party and you coming, we really couldn't stop them. TREADWELL: Oh, I see. What's she like, Ed? Well, she didn't say much, just sat in back. Wouldn't sit in front with me. That's quite correct, Edward. EDWARD: Well, her ladyship often sits in the front with me. [Doorbell rings] I'm Miss Treadwell. You must be Alice. How do you do? Hello. TREADWELL: Stand up, William, and shake hands nicely. How do you do? Hello. Well, Rose, if you'll show me to my room and then see that Master William and Miss Alice get to bed. Can't we stay up and watch the guests come to the party? They're wearing funny clothes. TREADWELL: No, I don't think that's a very good idea. I'll see you in the morning. We have breakfast in the dining room of course? ROSE: Oh, yes. Good night then. Good night, Miss Treadwell. Good night. MRS. BRIDGES: Have the musicians arrived yet, Mr. Hudson? They have, Mrs. Bridges. A Negro band. Negro? You mean...black men? [Horn plays] [Music Begins] Oh, Robin! I thought you'd never get here. Where have you been? Well, I couldn't get my horns to stick on. What on Earth are you? The faun! GEORGINA: Oh, wonderful. Come on, let's go and dance. Yes! Frederick, look sharp. Yes, Mr. Hudson. Oh, Tommy, you're like an octopus. Go away and find Dolly. She likes it. I don't know how you resist me. Mother says I'm irresistible. Well, go and dance with your mother then. I can't, she's in Biarritz -- gambling away the family fortune. Bunny, what are you doing in here? Why aren't you dancing? BUNNY: Well, you know I hate dancing -- Unless you'd like to? DIANA: Why, have you been taking lessons? BUNNY: Well, I'm quite good at the foxtrot. DIANA: Oh! It's SO hot. BUNNY: Would you like some champagne? I've got my own secret cache here. There you are. Diana, don't you think We're a bit... a bit old for this sort of thing? DIANA: What do you suggest we do instead? Scratch pigs? I wish you'd get angry when I say things like that. They're meant to hurt you. BUNNY: Oh, Diana, I'm sure I'd know if you really meant to hurt me. DIANA: I wonder. Oh, hello. What are you two doing skulking in here? Come on, Diana, it's our dance. - If you say so. - Yes, shimmy-shake. I used to like it when they used to have dance cards. Kept you up to scratch, old son. Come on, do your duty, teach me the shimmy-shake. DIANA: I'll tell you what. Bunny ought to go and find the dancers asking for the foxtrot. [Laughter] ROBIN: What's in here? ROBIN: What's in here? Argh! Brushes and brooms. Let's go in here and get our breath back. I'll be as good as gold. ROBIN: Life's hopeless in this country now. I think I shall go abroad. GEORGINA: Oh, don't do that. ROBIN: Well, I don't really want to unless... Well, I wouldn't mind if you came with me. GEORGINA: I'd quite like to go to America. ROBIN: Well, let's go then. GEORGINA: It would be rather fun. ROBIN: We could go if we were married. GEORGINA: Robin, I don't want to get married. - Of course you do. - I don't. You love me, I know you do. Robin... I'm awfully fond of you, but I don't want to spend the rest of my life with you and nobody else. Oh, but you wouldn't have to. We'd still keep all our friends, but we'd just always have each other, someone to hang on to. I don't want anyone to hang on to. Look, I tried to hang on to people during the war, and they were always killed, so I said I'd never hang on to anyone ever again. Come on, we've got our breath back. Let's go and dance. I can't live without you, Georgina. Robin. No, I mean it. If you don't marry me, I'll kill myself. It's too sick making when you say things like that. You don't mean it, it's just stupid and boring. Are you coming? I mean it. [Sighs] [Balloons bursting] MAN: They say there's some deviled lobster. Upstairs. Come on. Your salmon mousse is going down rather sweet. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, good! DAISY: We could do with that other one. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, well, would you get it out of the larder then, Daisy? Have they started on the puddings yet? ROSE: Yes, but they're holding up all right. MRS. BRIDGES: How about the galantine? ROSE: Oh, plenty of that left. EDWARD: Here, save some for us. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, yes, we only need one of them. Well, I've nearly got the tray ready for the musicians. I suppose them black men do eat the same sort of things as ordinary people. EDWARD: Well, I don't see why not. FREDERICK: ls the band's supper ready yet, Mrs. Bridges? MRS. BRIDGES: Yes, just ready now, Frederick. FREDERICK: Edward, you'd better go upstairs to the gentlemen's cloakroom. Sitting Bull's torn his costume and wants to know if you've got a safety pin. Right. [Laughter] MRS. BRIDGES: There you are, Frederick. Oh, Eddie! MAN: I say, I haven't had any supper yet. Well, I'll find you some supper if you find me some more champagne. JAMES: Oh, I say do you think Charlie Chaplin is free? GEORGINA: Yes, of course he is, the Little Tramp from the open road. That's why we love him. [Laughter] Hell and damnation! WOMAN: Are you all right? That's quite all right, sir. I can never understand by what stretch of the imagination Bunny's costume could be described as an illustration of freedom. Well, Oliver said -- Oliver said that the costumes people chose were a reflection of what they really wanted to be. Geraldine always wanted to be an incompetent tramp. And Bunny, in his innermost soul, is... - A clown. - Not a clown, a Pierrot. And I was told we could come dressed as we liked, and I remember going to those concert parties at Littlehampton when we were children. So, Bunny in his heart is a concert party. A clown! No, no, Pierrot. And I am a wood nymph, a child of nature. WOMAN: I say, Where does one go to be sick? Oh, excuse me. - Oh, thank you, Rose. - This way, madam. Do you think at heart that I am a revolutionary? - Oh, no, James. - Oh, probably, darling. In your heart of hearts, you hate this boring life for what it is and wish to change it for something different. TOMMY: I've found a splendid pudding, a sort of almondy cream. I've eaten most of it. You don't want any, do you? Then I'll finish it. There's some very strange people here. You sure you invited all of them? JAMES: I'm quite sure we didn't. TOM MY: That man that came with Lettie dressed as a monkey, he's swinging from a chandelier in the drawing room, and Hudson, obviously wishing he was dead, has climbed up on a table, is trying to stop him before he brings the ceiling down. JAMES: Oh, do you think we ought to go and help him? - No. Certainly not. The whole point of tonight is that we should have absolutely no responsibility for anything. [Loud THUD] TOM MY: There goes the chandelier. [Laughter] [William screams] There are goblins in the room! Horrible goblins! TREADWELL: No, there are no goblins there. There's nothing to be frightened of. WILLIAM: Horrible goblins! TREADWELL: I promise you, no goblins. No, you must have been dreaming. You must have been dreaming. Fetch me James. TREADWELL: Nothing to cry about. ROSE: Mr. Hudson, I thought -- [Gasps] ALICE: What's the matter? What's happened? Go back to bed at once, Alice. What's happened? Oh, no, you must go back to bed, Miss Alice. A gentleman just fell down. You should be asleep. Hudson, are you sure he's... I'm afraid so, sir. Shall Frederick go and fetch the police, sir? The police? Do we have to? And I will telephone the doctor. Yes. GEORGINA: James, Fred said that Robin had had an accident. What -- oh! JAMES: Oh, no, don't look. MRS. BRIDGES: You pour out, would you, Daisy? I feel all of a tremble. Where's Mr. Hudson? EDWARD: Oh, he's putting the silver away, Mrs. Bridges. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, to think of such a thing happening in this house. DAISY: I keep thinking of him standing there, gazing up at Miss Georgina's window. MRS. BRIDGES: Glad I sent him up that bit of York ham. HUDSON: Thank you. MRS. BRIDGES: Thank you. ROSE: Mr. Hudson, did the police say if there'd have to be an inquest? HUDSON: They did not say, Rose. But I'm afraid there will be one. The young gentleman having... RUBY: Well, will we have to give evidence? MRS. BRIDGES: You won't, certainly, Ruby. You don't know nothing. FREDERICK: Who do you think will have to give evidence, Mr. Hudson? Well, Miss Treadwell, because she first found Captain Elliott's body, and, I suppose, myself and possibly the Major. Miss Georgina won't have to, will she? HUDSON: I trust not, Daisy. They may want to know how he came to have a gun. It was in his pocket. Well, it fell out when I put his cloak down. DAISY: Why didn't you take it away from him? What, out of his pocket? I couldn't do that. That's what he must have been doing when I saw him going upstairs. He must have been to fetch it then. You saw him? Well, yeah. Well, I mean, I didn't know, did I? Well, it wasn't my fault. JAMES: Jolly good of you to come, Bunny. BUNNY: Well, I thought I'd just pop round and see if there's anything I could do. Don't suppose there is though, is there? JAMES'. No. Not unless you fancy seeing his parents for me. They've traveled up from Wiltshire this morning. They're staying at Browns. At least during the war, we only had to write letters to the parents, we didn't have to go and see them. BUNNY: I suppose he'll be buried at Abbotswood. JAMES: Yes. Can't get away from it, can we, Bunny? BUNNY; what? JAMES: The war. Georgina thinks we can, but we can't. How's Diana? BUNNY: Oh, you know, she's a bit upset. She's spent the morning in bed. JAMES: Yes, so did Georgina. Thank you, Hudson. He didn't leave a letter, did he? JAMES: No, thank God. Oh, Rose? Miss Georgina's locked her room. I don't know whether to wake her or not. ROSE: She's up. Give her a call. Miss Georgina? Miss Georgina, I've brought your breakfast. GEORGINA: I don't want any. Well, why not just have a cup of coffee? GEORGINA: Come in, Daisy. The door's locked, Miss Georgina. GEORGINA: Oh, I'm sorry. I'll take that into her. ROSE: Well, Miss Treadwell, Miss Georgina's probably feeling a bit upset. Well, naturally. She might prefer to see someone familiar. Thank you, Rose, but I think I know best how to deal with Miss Georgina. I myself was engaged to an officer who was killed in the war. I think I know how she feels. Oh. Goodness, what a lot of people. Good morning, Miss Treadwell. I'm sorry, Daisy, I -- I really don't want any breakfast. I'm going down to Croydon Aerodrome to see Mr. Bakerfields new plane and have lunch with some friends of his. Oh, and I'm going to Lady Cunard's this evening. So, would you put out my silver dress? I shan't have much time to change. TREADWELL: Really, Miss Worsley, I should have thought after last night -- GEORGINA: Yes. It did rather spoil the party, didn't it? Rose, I like the children to have milk and digestive biscuits at 11:00. Will you bring it up, please? I will inform Lily, Miss Treadwell. She will see to it. Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 