Upstairs, Downstairs: Season 4, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Upstairs, Downstairs 
 s4e13 - Peace out of Pain - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Upstairs, Downstairs (1971–1975): Season 4, Episode 13 - Peace out of Pain - full transcript 
 James is still recovering at home but is not proving to be a very good patient. The Doctor has ordered at least 10 weeks of bed rest but James is surly with everyone, including the servants. His relationship with Hazel deteriorates even further with his moods and constant criticism frequently driving her to tears. Georgina has returned to England permanently and she and Hazel make up after their argument over James some months before. Richard meanwhile is full of enthusiasm when he hears that Virginia Hamilton and her two children are to arrive in London. Unbeknown to anyone, Richard had written to Virginia to ask her to marry him. At dinner that evening, she accepts. James doesn't take the news very well but comes around slowly. The war is coming to an end and there is talk of an armistice. The hospital wards are filled with patients suffering from the Spanish Flu and soon Hazel takes to her sick bed and dies. She is buried on November 11, 1918 the day the armistice is signed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) Oh, it's you two. Oh. Eddie's just got here. Oh, yeah. The weekend-leave pass. He's back from France for good now. Have you drawn the landing curtains? Yes. - Seen to the morning-room fire? - Yes. Taken Mrs. Bridges up her afternoon tea? Ruby has. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, well, that's all right, then. Hello, Edward. Ever so charmed to meet you, my lady. Who's your letter from, Rose? Well, it's got an Australian stamp, so I suppose it's something to do with... Oh, Sergeant Wilmot's people. Oh, well, I don't know. One of the lads in our section at the depots from New Zealand. Well, New Zealand's not Australia, silly. What section? The one I told you about. It's what that sergeant major's had me put on ever since I got posted home. That's why I'm applying for an early discharge 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 before I throw up. Well, why, Eddie? They've made me the regimental sanitary corporal. Oh. I'm in charge of latrines at the depot. [ Laughs ] Go on. Well, it's not funny, Daisy. Flaming tragic. Oh, I can't believe it. It can't be true. Oh, there's been a mistake. Must have been. What is it, Rose? What's happened. It's from Misters Everett and Sole, solicitors, 14 Union Street, Melbourne, Australia. And it says... Well, go on. "Dear Miss Buck, estate of the late Gregory walter Wilmot hereby inform you bequest under terms of will of the said legacy of £1,200" He's left... He's left me £1,200. - Here, look, Daisy. Rose! Here, I'm not dreaming, am I? I don't know. Let's have a look. That's what it says. Look. Oh, Rose! £1,200. You're a flipping millionaire, Rose. Oh, I know. Oh, I must tell Mr. Hudson. - Yes. - Mr. Hudson! Mr. Hudson. Cor, 1,200 quid. Cor, we could do with that, Daise. Oh, I'll say we could. Some people have all the luck. Well, perhaps not. It's a great deal of money, Rose. But then he was your intended. You were to have married. Yes, I know. That'll be the reason. Ah, it'll make a difference to your life, Rose, bound to. It'll bring you a certain independence. Yes, I suppose it will. Funny. Funny how a letter can come through the post and change your whole life. Aye. There's a letter here for his lordship bearing an Inverness postmark which could well alter the course of his life if I'm not too much mistaken. Mr. Hudson! Inverness? Now, one could hardly fail to notice the recent exchange of correspondence between the master and Mrs. Hamilton. Mr. Hudson! Oh. I'm gonna tell Mrs. Bridges. I could buy a house, whole street. Oh, of course I'll buy you all something nice with it. Goes without saying. £1,200. Oh, Gregory. Wheel Hello! Anyone at home? - Miss Georgina. Surprised to see me? Mrs. Bellamy didn't mention it. I know. There was no time to send a telegram or anything. I only just got to Boulogne in time to catch the leave boat. Oh, you're looking a wee bit tired, miss. Shall I get you some tea? No tea, thank you. Just early bed tonight and a good sleep, I think. Where is everyone? His lordship is out, I'm afraid, and Mrs. Bellamy at her canteen work today, miss. The major is upstairs in his room. How is he? Going on as well as can be expected, miss. He's still very weak, though his appetite's improving. That's good. I shall go up and see him at once. I'll send Daisy up to your room later, miss. I expect you'll be dining in bed tonight. I'll see how I feel after I've had a bath. - Thank you, Hudson. - Very good, miss. [Knock on door] Who is it? It's me. And I'm not a ghost. JAMES: Georgina. You're back! They sent me home, just for a bit. They think I'm overtired. And so I should think. Hey, come and sit down and talk to me. I get so bored and lonely up here. Oh, my poor Jumbo. Are you still in pain? Oh, not too bad, really. The old leg plays me up a bit if I stand on it too long. Apart from that, all serene. I've been going downstairs, you know, to a few meals. Come and sit down, eh? There. And what about you, my little Miss Nightingale? Oh, I'm very glad to be home. And why didn't you come home on your last leave? I went to Paris with Martin Adams and two other people. We had a very gay time. Oddly enough, Martin was on the boat coming over. He was so kind. He helped me when we got into Folkestone. He lost an arm, poor darling. Did he? Wasn't it wonderful of Hazel coming over with that ambulance to fetch you? And Father. Yes. I don't remember much about it, not really. Well, I ought not to stay too long and tire you. No, I'm not tired. The nurse who replaced me at the COS came over from London. Do you know they've got five wards at St. Thomas' filled with cases of this awful Spanish flu? It's quite an epidemic. A lot of the soldiers have got it. That's all we need now, a plague. Well, I...l better be going down. I am glad you're feeling better. Oh, Hazel. Georgina. Hudson told me you were home. It's a lovely surprise. It's all been such a terrible rush. Anyway, you're here now. You must be very distressed and tired after all you've been through. No, not really. It's just the awful lack of sleep. I fainted twice in the ward last week, so Matron sent me on indefinite leave to rest. Anyway, isn't it wonderful that James is getting on so well? Yes. I thank God he was taken into your hospital, into your care. Hazel... if I behaved stupidly over him coming home with you, I do hope you can understand and forgive me. It's just that I was so afraid for him. Oh, the bumpy roads and going onto the boat. But I knew that you and Uncle Richard would take very good care of him. But perhaps I felt that... ...well, after nursing him through the worst part that... Georgina. Georgina. Come and sit down. My dearest Georgina, if I didn't understand exactly how you felt, I wouldn't be much of a person. Naturally, I've known how fond of James you've been ever since you came to live in this house and he of you. You're young, you're pretty, and you're so full of life. I've been rather a disappointment to him. Oh, no. I'm still dreadfully shy. You know, I still feel only part of this family. Perhaps it has something to do with the circumstance of our marriage, our different homes. I've tried hard to make him happy, to be a good wife to him, but... Well, for one thing, never being able to have children... Oh, but, Hazel, you will. I so want you to. Well, anyway, he's safe now and finished with the war, so we can plan our future. Yes. I mustn't bother you with my life. Come along, you must go upstairs and rest. I'll come up with you and tuck you in. Oh, Hazel, you're being so kind to me. Are you feeling all right? You don't look well. I think we're all a little tired. Come on. Georgina, my dear, how splendid! - You got some leave. - Yes. I was just about to put her to bed and have her dinner sent up on a tray. She's very tired. Well, of course. Good idea. Hazel, there's no need for you to come up. Really, Daisy can help me unpack. I should like to. Have you seen James? Yes. He's much better, isn't he? Much, much. I'm afraid he's not up to dining downstairs with us tonight, Richard. Oh, that's a pity. Is that clock right? It's getting on for half-past 6:00. Then I must go. - Where? - Out. You've only just come in. Sorry, my dear, change of plan. I'm dining out. Will you tell Hudson that... Ah, Hudson, his lordship is... Dining out, Hudson, and I shall need a taxi right away, if you can find one. No, on second thoughts, I'll pick one up on Pond Street. There'll be one on the rank. I've got to meet a train at King's Cross in 40 minutes, and I shall have to hurry. - Is it someone important? - What? The person you're meeting, is it the first lord? No, it's not the first lord or even the prime minister. It's someone a damn sight more important than either of them. But I have to rush. Take care of yourselves. Thank you, Hudson. [ Both laugh ] Well, if the major is dining upstairs and Miss Georgina, that will be just two trays, Hudson. I don't want anything. Very good, madam. Oh, Hazel, I really think you ought to eat something. I'm not hungry. Besides, I have many letters to write and bills to pay. Oh, come along, let's get you upstairs. We had some American soldiers in the ward last week. "Hey, nursey, come over here." They call all the nurses "sugar" and "chocolate candy." They're so funny, the way they speak. What you staring at, Ruby? RUBY: The soup, Mrs. Bridges. Haven't you never seen a pot of soup before? His lordship is dining out now, Mrs. Bridges. Oh, why couldn't he have said so before? A letter in the afternoon post appears to have altered his plans. So, there'll just be the two trays for upstairs, Ruby. Mrs. Bellamy is not hungry. This place is getting like a boardinghouse. Letter in the post, did you say? Postmark I-n-v-e-r-n-e-s-s. Shh. Oh. Ruby, go and gratiné the cheese. Oh, do you mean grate the cheese with a grater, Mrs. Bridges? I said gratiné and stop arguing. I'm not. Heard from her again, has he? Hurried off to King's Cross to meet a train. You can guess where from. She's not staying again, is she? No, no, not this time, Mrs. Bridges. At least I've had no orders to that effect. Going to an hotel, I expect. There's two younger children, isn't there? There are, indeed. Poor woman. Fancy losing a husband and a son in the war. I don't know. How did she strike you, Mr. Hudson, this Mrs. Hamilton? A woman of breeding and good looks, Mrs. Bridges. Much character and a good deal of dignity. Not to be easily, shall we say, pushed around but kindly and with courage and a healthy, cheerful soul to boot. I'd like some soup I'd like some soup and some roast chicken with potatoes and spinach. Oh, and perhaps a little fruit salad. I'm afraid long train journeys always make me ravenous. Of course they do. I'll have the same, please. And a bottle of hock, whatever wine waiter recommends. You're being so kind, Richard, really spoiling me. How spoiling you? I didn't write and tell you my train got in at 7:10 meaning you to meet us. It was just by way of information. I couldn't leave you standing on a drafty platform with two young children and a senile nanny. The porter would have got us a taxi. And to come here first to make sure that our rooms were ready... Oh, and the flowers. Well, the flowers were to welcome you to London. I know. Compliments of the Hyde Park Hotel. That's not true. How do you know? Because when I telephoned down to the manager's office to thank him for them, he knew nothing about it. Oh. VIRGINIA: I'm afraid you're just a very kind and chivalrous man, Richard. And now, to invite me to dine, really, you shouldn't have. You said you were ravenous. VIRGINIA: l am. Well, with the children upstairs in bed, what better than a leisurely dinner in the grill room so that... So that what, Richard? So that we can discuss the future. Whose future? Ours. Did you really mean what you said in your last letter? Every word of it. You'd be taking on three of us, you know, and a nanny. Alice is 10 now. William's 6. That's quite a circus. Delightful. New, young family. They'll run up and down stairs, you know, and scream and shout and invade your dressing room when you're shaving. Oh, and require endless games of hide-and-seek. [ Laughs ] I shall like that. Where would we live? It would have to be in London. I'll find a house north of the park, near Marble Arch perhaps so the children can run about in Hyde Park. What will James think and Elizabeth? Well, I like to think they've always wanted my eventual happiness and have done ever since their mother died. She was very beautiful. Yes. Are you ready yet to give all your love to another woman? RICHARD: Oh, yes. I don't mean that selfishly, Richard. I mean for your memory's sake. I am ready to remarry, Virginia, if you'll have me. That is if you, too, are ready. It hasn't been very long for you, has it? Four years. I think Charles would approve. He said when war broke out that...that if he was unlucky, he hoped that one day I would find someone to be a father to our children. Marjorie told her greatest friend the same about me, that she'd hoped I would marry again if ever... Oh, people should. But not for convenience. Oh, good heavens, no. You're not convenient. Not at all. No, I didn't think I was. I don't care how many screaming children you've got or that you once nearly got me the sack from the Admiralty or that I took a violent dislike to you the first time we met. I did ask you in writing, don't forget, to marry me, Virginia, my dearest, because I have fallen deeply in love with you. I find you amusing, brave, warmhearted, and utterly adorable, and I want you to consider very carefully the prospect of becoming my wife. But not let it spoil your dinner. I won't. You won't what? I won't let it spoil my dinner, Richard, because I don't have to think it over. I already have, and I accept. Good morning, my dears. - Where have you been? - Didn't you want any breakfast? I had to go shopping. Shopping? To the jeweller's What for? What for? Well, now, this seems a good opportunity to tell you my news, now that we've got all the family gathered together in one room for once. All the family is not gathered together in one room, Father. Elizabeth isn't here. I wrote Elizabeth a long letter last night which Hudson posted this morning. What about? What is all this, Father? HAZEL: I think I can guess. Can I not? Possibly, possibly. GEORGINA: Oh, Uncle Richard, you can't keep us in suspense. Please tell us. What, they haven't made you a duke, have they? - No. - GEORGINA: Prime minister? HAZEL: Oh, Richard, tell, please. Well, I want you all to know that last night I asked Virginia Hamilton to become my wife and she agreed. Oh, Richard! Richard, how lovely. There's my secret out. Congratulations! Well, it's so nice and I... Oh, you'll be so happy. I know you will. It's wonderful news! Many congratulations. Hazel said only last night she thought there might be something in the wind. Thank you, my dears. Well, I must confess to feeling a trifle guilty being so happy at a time of so much suffering, but I cannot help it. I love Virginia very dearly, you know. HAZEL: I always thought you'd fall in love with her. Of course. She'll never quite take Marjorie's place and doesn't aspire to. We've both lost somebody close and precious, and, well, that gives us something in common and... Well, when we've found a house and moved in with the children, I shall no longer feel quite such a burden. Richard, you're not a burden to anyone. Well, no longer a paying guest. One less mouth to feed. We'll miss you terribly. What will we do without you? Well, I hope I shall see something of you. I mean, I'm not going to Timbuktu. Only north of Hyde Park. We'll come to tea, and we'll play with Mrs. Hamilton's children in the nursery, won't we, Hazel? Yes. And spoil them. And take them to the zoo. RICHARD: Yes. GEORGINA: All the same, the house will seem very funny without you. RICHARD: Not too funny, I hope. Well, I must go. My chief clerk will start worrying. I've got an Admiralty meeting at 12:00. Yes, I must go, too, up to Manchester Square, to see Vera Courtney who's gone down with flu and then on to Selfridges. Well, come in my taxi. I'll drop you at Hyde Park Corner. Oh, would you? Then I can get a bus up Park Lane. Delighted. - Thank you. Well, James, I shall see you later. Yes, Father. I am, in fact, taking Virginia to dine at The Savoy tonight, but I shall be back to change. We'll have a good talk then, eh, James? Yes, Father. Well, come along, Georgina. Come on. Mind he doesn't cheat. He's rather keen on winning lately, aren't you, Jumbo? It's too early in the morning for silly jokes. RICHARD: Come on, Georgina. I'm sorry. Hmm, there you are, king. Oh, dear. One, two, three, jack. One, please. Thank you. I can't see the point of this idiotic game. Do you want to stop? Not particularly. What else is there to do? James, I am trying very hard to... To keep me amused? Yes. Yes, I am. I'm doing my very best. I know you're still not well and I know you're rather depressed, but I do think you might try and be a little more cheerful -- I didn't...l didn't sleep very well last night, Hazel. Then why didn't you ring your bell? I'd have come. I can't disturb you every night. You should never have got rid of that Nurse Wilkins. James, you virtually ordered me to get rid of her. You said she drove you mad fussing over you. She did. But I didn't mean you to sack the woman. HAZEL: Oh, that's what you said. I did not say that! You implied that you wanted me to dismiss her. Why must you go on and on being so unreasonable? [ Crying ] Oh, go away. I can't bear weeping women. Get out if you're going to weep all over the place. What have I done that's so wrong? Why are you being cruel to me? Why? Nonsense. Nothing I do is right for you these days. You shout at me. You curse me. Whenever I try to be helpful, loving and concerned for you -- Just leave me alone, will you, Hazel? Leave me alone, will you? What do you want me to do about Nurse Wilkins? Get her back? No, I don't care. No, no, I don't want her back. Are you sure? What about your -- I do not want her back! Didn't you hear me? Yes, I heard you. I do not want her back. Now, get out. Hazel. [ Crying ] ROSE: Madam. Madam, what's the matter? It's nothing, Rose, nothing. It's all right. Was you going upstairs? Oh, well, I'll come with you. Would you? Of course I will. I've done the linen. Oh, Rose. Oh, good morning, sir. Are you feeling a bit better today? No, Daisy, I am not. Get on with your work. He don't mean it. He's not hisself, not yet. And you mustn't be upset by it, please, madam. Dear Rose. You're so good and comforting. When I think what you've suffered, I'm ashamed. Oh, we've all suffered, madam. You've had the uncertainty, the worry and not knowing. Yes. The major is safe. He's home, and he's alive. I ought to be thankful, but he's changed. He's not loving or glad to be safe. It seems as if he'd rather be dead. Oh, it's the strain, what he's been through. He'll get over... He'll get over it. Madam, you're ever so hot. Your cheeks are burning. Feel your skin. I am a bit flushed. It's being upset, I expect. Are you feeling all right? I feel a bit feverish and giddy, but it'll pass, Rose. I think you ought to lie down for a bit. I can't. I've far too much to do. I've the shopping, it's my canteen day, and I must see Mrs. Bridges about the books. Well, I think you ought to lie down for a while. Feels to me as if you're running a temperature. It's not normal to be that hot. I'm all right, Rose. Really, I am. Will you let me take your temperature? Just to satisfy myself. If you insist. The thermometer is in the desk drawer. Hello, Dr. Foley. Hello, Dr. Foley. I'm speaking on behalf of Lord Bellamy. It's the butler, sir. His lordship is out, you see, and the fact is that Mrs. Bellamy is running a temperature. A temperature. Yes, well, her maid says it's just over 103 degrees. In bed? Oh, yes. Yes, she is, sir. You will? Oh, very good, Doctor. Thank you, Doctor. He'll be round within the hour. [Music playing] Who's playing a gramophone? Oh, it's Major Bellamy, sir, next door in his room. Well, that ought to be stopped. Yes, sir. She won't feel like listening to that for the next few days. No, sir. You'll have to have this made up at the chemist, as soon as possible. And have that music stopped. I couldn't, sir. It's not my place to tell Major Bellamy he can't play his gramophone. No, I suppose not. Oh, very well, then, I'll go in and see him myself. Oh, but, sir, madam specially didn't want him told. HAZEL: Please. I don't want him to think I'm at all ill. Of course he must be told. He's your husband. He's not well himself, not yet. He's well enough to be told if his wife's ill. Rose? Rose, I'm burning. Rose, my face, my body. I feel as if I'm on fire. Oh, it'll quieten down in a minute. Please try to go to sleep. I'll close the curtains a bit more and shut the sun out. Oh, it's a lovely day outside. HAZEL: Rose? I was so glad to hear about your money from Australia. He wanted you to be all right. Yes, madam. Now, you go to sleep. Good morning. Oh, Dr. Foley, I didn't know you were coming any more. I'm supposed to be better, you know. So I hear. I say, would you mind turning off this machine? I find it difficult to hear what I'm saying. A bit of music keeps me cheerful, Doctor. I'm sure it does, James, but I would like it turned off. [ Music stops] I'm not giving up my gramophone, if that's what you're saying. I wasn't going to say that, not in so many words. I just think you should know that your wife's down with what I'm fairly sure is this wretched Spanish flu. Oh, God. Oh, no, Hazel. No, no, look, I-l don't want her disturbed just now. She's sleeping. It's the best thing for her. You can see her later. Is it serious, Doctor? It's a nasty epidemic, James, and she's running a fairly high temperature. We must just keep her quiet and try to get it down. Well, why in God's name didn't anybody tell me? I'll come back this evening after dinner. Meanwhile, no music, eh? [ Door opens ] [ Door closes] [Breathing heavily] DR. FOLEY: She's holding her own. That's about all one can say. JAMES: ls there nothing more you can do for her, Doctor? DR. FOLEY: Not really. If she wants anything -- ROSE: Oh, I've told her to ring our bell, sir. Good. But don't let her talk too much. There must be no undue strain. HAZEL: James. You're doing very well, Mrs. Bellamy. I'll be back to see you in the morning. HAZEL: James. Darling. What time is it? It's evening. About 9:00. It's dark outside. How do you feel? I'm better. My body aches all over, and my head throbs a bit. Don't talk too much. The doctor says you're not to talk too much. Try and get some sleep. [ Door closes] Thank you, Hudson. You'll have to be mother and pour out. Yes, all right. Uh, the major will be down directly, madam. - Thank you, Hudson. - My lord. Oh, tea is in, Major. Thank you, Hudson. James. I'm so sorry about Hazel. Hudson tells me she's a little better. Yes, her temperature's down, but it's still high. She's -- She's more herself. I'm so glad. We've been looking at houses, two in Sussex Gardens, one in Clarendon Street. And your father insisted on bringing me home for tea. Well, quite right. After all, you're going to be my stepmother, I believe. Oh, dear. That makes me feel 90 at least and rather wicked. Stepmothers in stories are always wicked. Should you not greet your future stepmother with a kiss? If I'm allowed to. Of course you are. Dear James. Am I -- Am I allowed to call you Virginia? I don't know what else. Stepmama, I suppose. No, thank you. Well, sit down and have some tea. Your stepmama will pour you a cup. I feel an awful intruder doing this, but Richard insisted. He seems to be insisting on quite a lot these days. Very determined, your father. RICHARD: I didn't think Hazel would mind Virginia presiding over the teapot. Somebody has to. Of course she wouldn't. Thank you, Virginia. I want so much to go up and see Hazel, if it's allowed. Or perhaps sit with her for a while and read to her, if she feels up to it. Do you think I might? Oh, well, that would be most awfully kind. Heard the good news, James? Only yours and Virginia. What good news? - The war news. - No. what's happened? German armies are falling back on all fronts. Austria, Hungary -- They've asked for cease-fire terms. Lord Cavern's troops and the Italians have smashed the Hapsburgs forever. I wish I could believe it was nearly over. It's been four years and two months. It seems more like 40 years. So much has happened. Yes, it seems more like a lifetime. VIRGINIA: Your father and I were wondering if you felt up to going out tonight. We're dining at the Carlton, and, oh, it would be fun if you could come and join us. RICHARD: Yes, uh, how about it, James? Well, I haven't set foot in a restaurant since I got back from France. I-I probably wouldn't know which fork and spoon to use. We'll show you. Oh, do come, James. Do you good to get out of the house for a few hours. Well, I must admit, I'm tempted. Well, then -- then join us. No need to wear a uniform, just a light suit. No, no, I-l will get into my uniform, if you don't mind. I don't want to shame my new stepmama by having a white feather handed to me with my soup. [ Laughter] Glad to see you smile, old boy. You're feeling better, aren't you? Yes. Yes, I do feel a bit more cheerful today. - Can't think why. RICHARD: well, I can tell you. Your wounds are healing, Hazel's a bit better, war's going well, and you have just acquired an extremely pretty and attractive stepmother. What more could a man want? Nothing, I suppose. Her temperatures gone up, and she's delirious again. Oh, it always takes a few days to shake off a fever. A few days? It's been almost a week now, poor soul. How's the major taking it? Oh, he sat up with her all night, and he's still in with her this morning. But Dr. Foley's coming after lunch, and they're getting in a night nurse. Some men have been putting straw down the street outside. Have you seen? ROSE: Yes, I have. Dr. Foley ordered it. So as the traffic won't make too much noise going by and disturb her. They do that when someone in the house is gravely ill. All right, Ruby, less talk and get on clearing the table. Yes, Mr. Hudson. I hear there's two more cases of it next door but one -- 169, Mrs. Wentworth-Baker's house. One of the children and the nurserymaid. How can English people catch Spanish influenza? That's what I can't work out. The disease is brought into this country by foreign waiters, Daisy, and the crews of foreign ships and others whose hygienic standards fall below our own. Oh. Then it must have started in Spain. That goes without saying, Mrs. Bridges. DAISY: Phew. I hope I don't get it. What's the matter, Daisy? Don't you feel well? 'Course I do, stupid. It's no joking matter, Ruby. I wasn't joking. VIRGINIA: "In brief, the bass-voiced man VIRGINIA: "In brief, the bass-voiced man of the chimney-corner was never recaptured. Some say that he went across the sea, others that he did not, but buried himself in the depths of a populous city. At any rate, the gentleman in cinder-gray never did his morning's work in Casterbridge, nor met anywhere at all, for business purposes, the genial comrade with whom he had passed an hour of relaxation in the lonely house on the coomb. The grass has long been green..." How is she? I'm afraid Thomas Hardy has sent her to sleep. She dropped off while I was reading to her. That's good. You must go downstairs now and keep Uncle Richard and James company. I'll sit with her. I'm all right, Georgina. Let me stay. I'm not tired, and you must be exhausted. I'm used to this. Besides, I want to be with her for a bit. All right. [ Door closes] [Moans lightly] - Snap! - Oh! [ Both laugh ] There, I've won. A "W". If Hazel wants to be read to again in the morning, do go on with "The wessex Tales." She dearly loves them. I've put a bookmarker in the place. - Oh, right. -[ Door opens] JAMES: Oh, Georgina, what's the matter? Well, I'm sure it's nothing to be alarmed about, but, well, she's breathing awfully noisily. I'm a bit afraid it may be her lungs. Well, then Foley must come 'round at once and look at her. He's coming, Father, at 10:00. He's got people to dinner. RICHARD: If she's having difficulty breathing, I want him here now. That night nurse won't be here for another hour yet. Hello, Hudson? Get me Dr. Foley's number, will you? Private number, yes. Quickly as you can. [ Clicking ] Listen. HUDSON; What? Taxi meter. Doctor must be going. - Where are you going, Rose? Rose. Well, the doctor's leaving, and I want to see how she is. It is not your place to go up, Rose. His lordship will see Dr. Foley out. He'd have rung otherwise. I don't care. He's been up there ever such a long time, and I want to know how madam is. Rose. Don't go up. DR. FOLEY: It's not the first case of this wretched flu that's taken this turn, nor will it be the last. Yes, of course. It is quite unpredictable. Um, beg pardon, my lord. I just wanted to inquire how madam was going along. Mrs. Bellamy died in her sleep, Rose, about 10 minutes ago. No, no, don't go upstairs, Rose. Dr. Foley has arranged things in the room. The door's locked. Perhaps you'd... just go down and tell the others, would you? [ Door opens ] Hello, James. Father. Pour yourself a whiskey and soda, old boy, eh? Yes. Yes, I think I will. Was it very distressing? They were... pathetic. That's all I can say. Mrs. Forrest was pretty good. Did her best to hold her end up. But her father was simply -- I know. Wonderful parents. They were shattered. RICHARD: Yes. Did you happen to settle a date? Yes. Yes, the 11th, the day after tomorrow. It's the only day the vicar can manage. It'll be at her parish church, St. Mark's in Wimbledon. Yes, I see. Do you think any of the servants will want to come? They must be given the chance to go, certainly. I can make some arrangements to motor them out there. [Boy shouting in distance] What's that paperboy shouting? He's coming this way by the sound of it. BOY: Abdicated. Something about the Kaiser's abdicated. Before I say grace today, I think we should all offer up a small prayer. First, let us ask our Lord to grant peace and repose to the soul of Mrs. Bellamy, our dear departed mistress. Dear departed mistress? You couldn't stand her when she was alive. Leave her alone now she's dead. MRS. BRIDGES: Rose. Oh, she's all upset today, Mr. Hudson. You must forgive her. What with the war ending and thinking about Sergeant Wilmot and now madam going and everything. If I have upset Rose, I shall certainly make it up with her later. Meanwhile, I-l still believe we should all of us pray for Mrs. Bellamy and for the major to receive for what divine comfort he may and to give thanks to the Almighty for the Allied victories in the field and pray to him for a speedy end to the fighting. Amen. - Amen. - Amen. And now, for what we are about to receive, may the Lord make us truly thankful. The cauliflower smells extremely appetizing, Ruby, if you were responsible for it. That's right, Mr. Hudson. I was. It's gratiné. Indeed. MRS. BRIDGES: There's yours now, Rose. Tuck in, eh? Sorry, Mr. Hudson. Do you realize, 15 minutes from now, when we're on our way to Wimbledon, the guns in France will be silent? The cars are here, my lord. Thank you, Hudson. We'll be off, then. Come along, my dears. Is my hair all right at the back, Virginia? - Yes, it's perfect, my dear. - Thank you. RICHARD: We'll be off, then. Hudson, you take the second car. Very good, my lord. [Bells ringing] Hey, listen, Daise. There. All the church bells are ringing. [ Gunshots ] What's them guns firing? That's the horse artillery, firing a salute in Hyde Park, celebrate armistice. It's all over. And my Eddie's safe. EDWARD: Yep. All ready to start my new life now. [ Chuckles ] Oh, we'll show them. We'll make a nice pile of money, and we'll buy a little house with a garden, and you'll be waiting by the gate every evening for your wealthy, successful hubby to come home for his supper. Home from where, Eddie? Well, the factory or the works, maybe a bank. Well, any place of business Where I'm employed. I see. Well, when are we gonna give the major our notice, then? EDWARD: Or his lordship. Well, when things settle down a bit, eh? I think we ought to give a fortnight's notice tonight. After all, if we're gonna leave service here, there's no point in stopping on, is there? I mean, let's -- let's get it over with. Well, they'll have only just been to Mrs. Bellamy's funeral today. They'll still be a bit upset, won't they? Can't see what difference it's gonna make. This house is going to pot anyway. Mr. Hudson says his lordship and Mrs. Hamilton won't be living here once they're married, and with Mrs. Bellamy gone, he reckons the major will go and live in rooms. There's Miss Georgina. I don't know what's gonna happen to her. Oh, unless she goes to her grandmother's at Southwold. [Sighs ] Yeah, it's all blimmin' sad, I reckon. Oh, come on, Daise. Let's talk about something else. Hey, hope Mr. Hudson's gonna let you have this evening off so we can go 'round to the pub and drown the kaiser in a pint of ale, eh? We'll make a nice night of it. [Crowd cheering, indistinct singing] Hudson told me Virginia was dining, so I dressed. Yes. I asked her because she oughtn't to be alone tonight. Nobody should be. Hope she'll be able to get here. The streets are crammed with people cheering, screaming. You can hear them from the window in my bathroom. Yes. Two men went charging past the house just now, completely intoxicated, singing "God Save the King" at the top of their voices. Will she be all right? I sent the car for her. I should imagine that the whole world is rejoicing tonight. RICHARD: Yes. I suppose as a family we've had our fair share of the grief. No more, no less than any other family. Yes. But it's for men to perish in war, not women. I'd rather be with them -- the men who died. There's no shame in being spared, James. The young men who came through have a gigantic task on their hands -- to see to it that all men live in peace in a better world. Isn't it exciting, all the cheering? Yes. Aren't you going to be late? What for? I thought you were going to an armistice party at the Dansbury's. Oh, they telephoned to ask me, but, well I didn't think I'd go, not tonight. The funeral's over, Georgina. I couldn't go out to a party tonight, James. Well, for your sake. No, for my sake, you must go to the party and sing and dance and drink as much champagne as you can. Hazel would hate you not to go. I shouldn't enjoy it. But you've earned a few hours of happiness. Go out and spend them. James means what he says, Georgina. Go to your party. Virginia is dining. We shall celebrate the armistice in our own quiet way here. Yes, all right, I will. I've done the pots, Mrs. Bridges. Can I go now and get my hat and coat on? Yes, run along with you. They going out upstairs? No, no, only Miss Georgina. I've set the bridge table for them. All right if we go out now, Mr. Hudson? Yes. Yes, away you go, Edward. Don't you go without Ruby. - DAISY: well, where is she? - Fetching her hat and coat. I told her to be ready. I'm here, Mrs. Bridges. Well, I must say, if the Germans had seen you looking like that, Ruby, they would have surrendered weeks ago. [ Chuckles ] Careful how you go now. The streets are very crowded. I'll take care of them, Mr. Hudson. Thanks for letting them off. There'll never be another armistice night, Edward, not in your lifetime. Oh, God willing. HUDSON: Where are you all making for? Oh, we're gonna walk across to Hyde Park Corner and along Piccadilly to the circus. - That's right, isn't it? EDWARD: That's the idea, yeah. What you grinning at, Ruby? Well, it's nice to be going out with a soldier, even if I do have to share him. [Laughs] Come on, then. You behave yourself. Bye-bye, bye-bye. HUDSON: Goodbye. EDWARD: Don't talk to strangers. ♫ It's a long way to Tipperary ♫ Ah, Well. Come on, Angus. We'll have a nice sit-down, us old ones, eh? JAMES: Trouble with this game is, you have to make all the decisions yourself. No partner to blame if you lose. Oh, come on, Virginia. You must take a trick soon. I'm afraid I'm letting your father down badly. I don't think you will somehow. MRS. BRIDGES: Rose... Hmm? Don't strain your eyes sitting over there all by yourself. Come over here by the fire and get warm. I'm all right, Mrs. Bridges. Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 