Upstairs, Downstairs: Season 5, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Upstairs, Downstairs 
 s5e1 - On with the Dance - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Upstairs, Downstairs (1971–1975): Season 5, Episode 1 - On with the Dance - full transcript 
 It's July 1919 and everyone is celebrating the signing of the Treaty of Versailles. Hudson allows the servants to go watch the victory parade, Georgina marches with her fellow nurses and James attends at the Royal pavilion. Richard and his new bride Virginia return to London and begin to search for a new home. James however is having difficulty moving on, still feeling the aftereffects of the wounds he suffered and most of all, the loss of his wife Hazel. The house is too large for just he and Georgina and despite his pleas that Richard and Virginia take up residence at 165 Eaton Place, Virginia insists they find a home of their own. Faced with no other option, James give the servants a months notice and plans on selling the house. Georgina suggests they invite Virginia's two children for an afternoon and it leads to a surprising outcome. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) ROSE: There you are. LILY: Well, it's all dark. ROSE: Well, we'll let the blind up and open the window. There you are. Oh, right. LILY: Oh, it's stuck, Rose. ROSE: Go on, let me. [Marching band playing] LILY: What's this room, Rose? ROSE: It's a day nursery, leastways it used to be, when the Major and Miss Lizzie was children. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hasn't been used for a long time now, oh, not since -- not since before the war. LILY: Oh, can you see anything? ROSE: I can't. I can't get me shoulder through. LILY: Oh, well, can I try then please? ROSE: If I can't, you won't be able to. Come on, we'd best go downstairs. Oh, this place could do with a good airing. LILY: What's in all them cupboards, Rose? ROSE: Oh, toys and books mostly. Belonged to the Major and Miss Lizzie when they was children. Not so many now. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Mrs. Bellamy gave a lot away to the poor children in the East End. Seeing as how she didn't have no kiddies of her own. Come on. Close the door and I'll lock it. LILY: Yes, Rose. HUDSON: Here, listen. Can you hear it now? MRS. BRIDGES: Not the Victory March already? HUDSON: It's due to pass through Belgrave Square at say 20 minutes to 11:00 exactly according to the newspaper. RUBY: Mrs. Bridges? MRS. BRIDGES: What is it, Ruby? RUBY: I can hear a band in street outside. MRS. BRIDGES: Yes, Ruby, it's the Victory March. What Mr. Hudson and me was just speaking about. ROSE: Mr. Hudson. Mr. Hudson, you can't see from the nursery window on account of them bars being in the way. LILY: It's getting ever so near, Mr. Hudson, it must be on Pond Street by now. ROSE: Couldn't we slip out to the corner of Eaton Place and watch? Only, Miss Georgina will be going past soon, marching with the VAD's, and we might get a glimpse of her. There's to be tanks going past and sailors and soldiers... ROSE: Please, Mr. Hudson. Well, we can't have all the servants scampering out of the house at once, Rose. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, go on, Mr. Hudson. Let them go out and see what they can. After all, it isn't every day we have a procession at the end of the street. Oh, very well. Just down to the corner of Belgrave Street and no further mind. Now behave yourselves! No pushing or shouting on the pavement. ROSE: Thanks, Mr. Hudson. RUBY: Can I go, too, Mrs. Bridges? MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, I suppose so. RUBY: Oh, I'll go and get me hat on then. ROSE: Oh, come as you are, Ruby. You don't need a hat, it's warm outside. HUDSON: Away with you, then. Take care. [Mr. Hudson laughing] MRS. BRIDGES: Aren't you going out to see it, Mr. Hudson? Oh, no, I'm too old to be pushed around in crowds by young policemen, Mrs. Bridges. It's not dignified. Besides, the Victory March is bound to be reported in great detail by the newspapers with plenty of pictures, no doubt. MRS. BRIDGES: I'd like to see it, come to think of it. HUDSON: Do you wish to go with the others? MRS. BRIDGES: No, I do not, but I would like to see it, seeing as how they're coming so close to the house. - Then you shall, Mrs. Bridges. - what? HUDSON: I'll take you to a place where you'll really see something of it. MRS. BRIDGES: What, out? HUDSON: Not out, in. MRS. BRIDGES: Where? HUDSON: Upstairs. Come along. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, but out of window Rose says -- HUDSON: Never you mind what Rose said, just you follow me. MRS. BRIDGES: Where did you get that from? HUDSON: Oh, it was my father's, Kate, for deer stalking on the hill when he was head gilly for Lord Inverforth in Argyllshire. Come along now, quickly, quickly. MRS. BRIDGES: Yes. HUDSON: We'll just be in time, if we make haste. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, hold on, Mr. Hudson. I'm not as young as I was. There, see? Oh, yes. There's hundreds of soldiers marching along, all with their bayonets gleaming in the sun. Look at them generals riding in front. What lovely horses. You have a look. Aye, that'll be Sir Douglas Haig and Marshal Foch. Oh, there's the Naval detachment now, all spit and polish. I can't read the names of the ships on their caps. It's too far away. Any sign of the nurses yet? Oh, there's hundreds of fighting troops to go by first. But they'll have started out by now. Won't she feel proud, marching in the victory procession? That little girl from Southwold. Our little Miss Georgina. Aye. She'll be a proud wee lass today. Oh, thank God that's over. My feet are bloody well killing me. JAMES: Georgina! - GEORGINA: Well, they are. JAMES: How far do you reckon you marched today? GEORGINA: One of the Queen Alexandra's behind us said she'd read in the paper it was over five miles. JAMES: Jolly good for you. Keep you slim. GEORGINA: Oh, it's all very well for you sitting down in a covered stand all the time. JAMES: Oh, I didn't sit down all day. Stand up and hand out the free souvenir programs to all the high ups, including an Indian prince who handed me five pounds. GEORGINA: Did you give it back? JAMES: I had to, unfortunately. GEORGINA: All I want to do now is tear off this wretched uniform and burn it. But I don't think I'll ever get up the stairs. JAMES: Do you want me to carry you up? GEORGINA: Oh, you couldn't, I'm a dead weight. On second thoughts, perhaps I won't burn my uniform. Might be needed again one day. JAMES: I sincerely hope not. Oh, Hudson, we're back and we're half dead. Miss Georgina's Walked over five miles and she's got sore feet. HUDSON: Oh, indeed, Miss. JAMES: Did -- did you see the procession? HUDSON: Oh, yes, sir, from the drawing room balcony. The maid servants went down to the corner of Belgrave Street. GEORGINA: It was a funny feeling marching so near to the house. HUDSON: I understand Rose and the others caught a wee glimpse of you, Miss. They were very proud and excited. JAMES: Yeah, wasn't it worth sore feet? Well, I'm glad they managed to see it. I'm not doing any good sitting here. I must go upstairs and change. JAMES: Hmm, so must I. Come on, I'll give you a hand. HUDSON: Oh, mind where you're going, my girl. LILY: Oh, I'm ever so sorry, Mr. Hudson. I didn't expect you'd be standing just there. HUDSON: Well, I was, wasn't I? LILY: I know, and I'm ever so sorry, I didn't mean it, honest. HUDSON: Well, Miss Georgina's gone up to change. Make haste now and run her bath for her. LILY: I was just going to, Mr. Hudson. HUDSON: Then come downstairs for your tea, it's gone 4:00. LILY: Yes, Mr. Hudson. And thanks for letting us see the procession, Mr. Hudson. It's something I'll never forget. She went by ever so close to where we were standing. We could almost touch her. And Rose, she shouted out "Miss Georgina" to her... She couldn't hear us you see -- for the band. ROSE: Mr. Hudson, tea's nearly ready. MR. HUDSON: Thank you, Rose. ROSE: And you'll never guess who's in the servants' hall, come to see us. HUDSON: I've no idea. ROSE: Best go in and see for yourself. HUDSON: Edward, Daisy. EDWARD: Hello, Mr. Hudson. They just popped in for a cup of tea and to see how we was. EDWARD: That's right. I see. DAISY: Well, you haven't changed a scrap, Mr. Hudson. Has he, Eddie? EDWARD: Oh, no. But I have, eh, Mr. Hudson? Have you, Edward? DAISY: Well, yeah, he's shaved off his tash, haven't you noticed? And let his hair grow. I'm what they call a civilian now, Mr. Hudson, a door to door salesman. Yes, he goes round from house to house, ringing the doorbells, selling hairbrushes, shoelaces, combs and that out of a suitcase. Well, only temporary, mind. He's thinking of chucking that in, getting a more permanent situation as storernan in a furniture place out Romford way. That's right, and then we can buy a nice little house out in the country with a garden, and Daisy can have her baby. Daisy's expecting come Christmas time, Mr. Hudson. So I observe. Congratulations, both of you. ROSE: I'm going to knit something nice for it. [Laughter] There you are. MRS. BRIDGES: There we are. HUDSON: And how soon do you expect to take up this new situation, Edward? EDWARD: Oh, I -- I wrote off an answer to the advert last night, so I should hear this week I expect. HUDSON: I see. ROSE: Oh, that's Lily, come in your place, Daisy. Mr. and Mrs. Barnes, what used to work here. LILY: Oh, good afternoon. Hello. EDWARD: Er, Lily, eh? Oh, I feel sorry for you, Lily, yeah, working under Rose. You ask my wife what she's like -- proper old fusspot, never satisfied, are you, Rose? ROSE: Here, you two see the victory procession? DAISY: Oh, couldn't manage it. Eddie was out working at his job. He hasn't got time for no victory processions. EDWARD: No, mind you the bus I was on got held up for half an hour while the procession marched down the Lambeth Road. I could hear the band, only I couldn't see it, only the crowds. ROSE: We all saw it, didn't we? Leastways all but Frederick. He went with the Major to the Royal Pavilion outside Buckingham Palace, so he got the best view of all. DAISY: Who's Frederick? ROSE: Oh, that's Frederick. You remember him, Edward, Trooper Norton. Used to be the Major's soldier servant. Well, he's working here now as footman, aren't you Fred? FREDERICK: That's right. Good afternoon. Well, how's the 'nobs then? Flourishing? The 'nabs? ROSE: I think Edward's referring to the family upstairs. HUDSON: Then he should say so. DAISY: Well, why should he? He's not working here no more. HUDSON: For your information, Edward, the Major and Miss Georgina are in residence here, and both flourishing, as you put it. His Lordship and Lady Bellamy went over to Versailles for the signing of the peace treaty, and remained in Paris for their honeymoon. ROSE: Hmm, I expect they'll be wanting to move into a new house when they come back, with her ladyship's children. EDWARD; what? All you lot here just to wait on Miss Georgina and the Major? DAISY: I shouldn't fancy you've got enough to do, have you? HUDSON: Frederick, if you can spare a moment? FREDERICK: Yes, Mr. Hudson. HUDSON: Before you commence your tea I should like to go through the cellar book with you and check the port wine. His lordship will be taking a number of bottles with him which should be earmarked. If you would kindly come with me to the pantry? FREDERICK: Certainly, Mr. Hudson, at once. HUDSON: I shall be making you responsible from now on, Frederick, for checking and ordering the spirits and minerals. FREDERICK: Very good, Mr. Hudson. Huh! wonder that bloke doesn't salute Mr. Hudson every time he gets an order. Well, he is the type. Frederick is a very good footman, Edward. RUBY: Oh, but he's ever so quiet, though, not like you was. ROSE: Lily and me think he's quite good looking, don't we? LILY: Yes, that's right. EDWARD". Yeah, we“, er -- well, Daisy and me can't stop too long. Got to be getting back, haven't we, love? Going for a walk through Hyde Park, see all the singing and dancing. They've got fireworks later. You people gonna see the fireworks? No, not tonight. And we are not "people" neither, Daisy. LILY: Is it all right to go in there? Well, only, Rose said to draw the curtains now it's nearly dark. FREDERICK: Well, they're not in there. LILY; Oh! FREDERICK: The Major ordered Whiskey and soda before they left the dining room, but I can't find him now. LILY: Oh, perhaps they've gone out then. FREDERICK: Better take this back downstairs, wait 'til he rings or something. LILY: Well, shall I go and ask Mr. Hudson? FREDERICK: No, don't do that, Lily. I keep asking Mr. Hudson what to do. I don't want to look helpless, do I? LILY: Well, I'd best go in there and draw the curtains. You suit yourself. ROSE: Hello, Fred. That for me? FREDERICK: Soda, miss? Say when. ROSE: No, don't, you'll splash the walls. FREDERICK: It's for the Major, but I can't find him. ROSE: Can't you? He's up in his room. FREDERICK: Oh, I see. Always goes up to his room these days after dinner. I think he finds the house a bit quiet and dull. So it is. FREDERICK: I'll take this up to him then. ROSE: That's right. Don't forget to knock. - FREDERICK: Eh? ROSE: Knock. FREDERICK: Well, Mr. Hudson said never to knock on doors. ROSE: Oh, you always knock on bedroom doors and that. And besides, Miss Georgina's in there with him. FREDERICK: Oh, I see. GEORGINA: Oh, listen to this. "Who's who in Paris. Among society notables to be seen at Maxim's toasting the peace treaty in champagne were Sir Thomas and Lady Reed, the Honourable Mrs. Arthur Caldwell with a large party, and téte-é-téte in a corner, handsome Viscount Bellamy, former Civil Lord of the Admiralty, dining with his dazzling new wife Virginia, who was Mrs. Charles Hamilton. Lady Bellamy told me she and Lord Bellamy would be returning to London shortly to look for a town house." JAMES: Hmm, good luck to them. “JAMES: How are your feet? - GEORGINA: Oh, rested, thanks. [Knock on door] JAMES: Oh, who is it? FREDERICK: Excuse me, sir. Your whiskey and soda. JAMES: Ah, come in, Norton. GEORGINA: Norton? It's Frederick, isn't it, Frederick? FREDERICK: As you wish, Miss. JAMES: Norton to me. Trooper Norton, always will be. - FREDERICK: Soda, sir? JAMES: Thank you, Frederick. FREDERICK: Sir. JAMES: Little did I realize when you used to bring me my revolting stew in a mess tin in the dug-out with all the shells bursting outside, that one day you'd be serving me a whiskey and soda in my own house. Well, I bet you didn't either, eh? FREDERICK: Did occur to me as a possibility, sir. When I came here with your kit after you was posted missing. JAMES: Well, how uncanny, everyone thought I was dead. FREDERICK: I didn't, sir. JAMES: Really? He had faith, didn't you, Frederick? Must have had, Miss. [Bang], crack] FREDERICK: It's only fireworks, sir, in Hyde Park. Oh, they're just starting. Lovely golden and green sparks. Whoops, that went high, it must have been a rocket. Do come and look, Jumbo, it's such marvellous colours. JAMES: Clo-- close the window will you, Georgina? GEORGINA: Why? JAMES: Because I -- I want you to hear a new record I've just bought at Selfridges. It's a new jazz band playing rather a jolly tune. You -- you listen to this. [Jazz music plays] HUDSON: You've not finished the housework already, Rose? ROSE: Yes, Mr. Hudson, all done. HUDSON: But it's not 11:00 yet. ROSE: Well, we didn't have very much to do. You can put them brooms and that dustpan away, Lily, cupboard in the passage, dear. LILY: Yes, Rose. ROSE: Oh, and when you're done you can sit down and get on with your darning. LILY: Yes, Rose. MRS. BRIDGES: She's a good girl that Lily. Quicker than what Daisy was, I shouldn't wonder. ROSE: Oh, yes, she's quite willing. Bit wasted, though, if you ask me. What do you mean by that, Rose? ROSE: Here what with the drawing room and the study being shut up and the late Mrs. Bellamy's room, not to mention the morning room not being used hardly. MRS. BRIDGES: Not being used? Well, where do they sit then, the Major and Miss Georgina? ROSE: He sits in his room mostly. HUDSON: Miss Georgina spends much of her time out these days, Mrs. Bridges, visiting friends and going to parties. ROSE: And she's up by 8:00 most mornings and makes her own bed. MRS. BRIDGES: That'll be her training I expect. She's learnt it in the hospitals. I keep telling her, leave your room for Lily to do. But she's up, washed, dressed, all her clothes tidied long before Lily's got a chance to get up to her. HUDSON: What is it, Frederick? FREDERICK: I've cleaned the silver and put it away, Mr. Hudson, anything else? HUDSON: Not that I can think of. Oh, unless you'd care to brush the Major's gray suit, the one he wore last night. FREDERICK: I have done, Mr. Hudson. And put his uniform away. HUDSON: Oh, very well. Then you'd best consider the next hour or so your own, Frederick. FREDERICK: Thank you, Mr. Hudson. Seems to me Rose is right. There's not enough work for a full staff to do in this house, not any more there isn't. Aye, that's the truth of it, Mrs. Bridges. ROSE: Some of us is going to have to look for new places. Don't have to be a fortune teller to see that. [Telephone rings] Hello, Sloane three oh -- Oh, yes, yes, good morning, my lord. Oh, yes. Yes, I see. I trust you and Lady Bellamy had a pleasant sea voyage. Very good, my lord. Oh, yes, yes, I'll look them out for you, have them all ready. Yes. I will certainly inform the Major, my lord. Very good. Thank you. They're back from Paris, safe and sound, his lordship and Lady Bellamy. MRS. BRIDGES: Staying at the Hyde Park Hotel again? Aye, but he wants two or three of his suits, a cigar case, and a few other items he left behind here. Coming over to fetch them at tea time. I'm to inform the Major. MRS. BRIDGES: I see. How did he sound? HUDSON: Remarkably cheerful, Mrs. Bridges. And who's to blame him. Well, I'll go upstairs and look out his things. Why not take Frederick with you? Could help you pack the cases. Give him something to do. I can manage without Frederick, thank you, Mrs. Bridges. RICHARD: Settling down all right are you? RICHARD: Settling down all right are you? Very well indeed, my lord, thank you. RICHARD: Good, I thought you would. James! FREDERICK: The Major's upstairs, my lord, in his sitting room. - Oh, I see. - This way, my lord. RICHARD: It's all right, Frederick. I can find my own way. FREDERICK: Very good, my lord. RICHARD: You get on with your other work. I'm sure you've got plenty to do. James. JAMES: Oh, welcome back, Father. RICHARD: Don't get up. Good to see you. Everything all right? JAMES: Yes, yes, I suppose so. Well, how was Paris? Did you -- did you enjoy it? RICHARD: Oh, it was fascinating. Versailles was like one great international garden party. JAMES: Yes, we read about you and Virginia in The Sketch. RICHARD: Oh, you did, did you? Well, I just came round to fetch a few things. Hudson's packing a valise for me. JAMES: So I gather. RICHARD: With your permission, of course. JAMES: He doesn't need my permission, Father. RICHARD: He's your butler, James. JAMES: And yours. Well, I no longer live here, do I? Do you prefer to sit up here in your room? JAMES: The morning room depresses me. I would have thought it rather more depressing to shut yourself up in here all day. After all, the life of the house always centered round the morning room. Yes, that's what Georgina says. RICHARD: Then why do it? JAMES: I don't know, I seem to prefer my own company to anybody else's these days. I don't know why, just quite happy to sit up here with my own books and things. You must try and cheer up, James. It's not easy, Father. I know, I know. Well, it's very quiet in the house, I can see that. The servants haven't got enough to do. I-- I can't give them all notice, not all of them, not after all these years. RICHARD: No, no, no, of course not. JAMES: Otherwise one would seriously have to think of selling this house, and for one thing, Where would Georgina go? I mean she has no other home but this, until she marries. Besides I want to live here. It's my home. Was mine, too, James. Yes. Have -- have you and Virginia found anywhere yet? A house, well, Virginia's seen one or two she likes but nothings settled yet. You know, it takes time. Then live here, Father, please. It would save you having to -- well, to find somewhere else. I can't manage it alone. Please? RICHARD: Well, it's a kind thought and I'm very touched. I'm sure Virginia would be too, but... But what? Well, Virginia would have to decide, you see. It must depend on her. Yes, yes I suppose so. After all, she is my wife. She'll be the mistress of whatever house we choose to live in. She's entitled to have her say. But surely you could persuade her to move in here. There's plenty of room, God knows. Yes, yes, there is, there's plenty of room, but as you know she has very much a mind of her own, she's not someone to be talked around easily once her mind is made up. JAMES: Yes, but you haven't actually bought anywhere yet. Surely you could persuade her. RICHARD: I'll talk to her about it this evening, that much I promise. But don't put too much faith in it, James. You must remember that newly married people usually prefer some degree of privacy. JAMES: Well, with two children dashing about the house? RICHARD: Well, Alice and William are her children, James, not mine. Yes, I see. Well, don't even bother to ask her, Father. I can see you're not in favour of the idea, so let's just forget all about it, shall we? RICHARD: What's the matter, James? JAMES: Nothing, Father. You've had a rotten deal, old boy, don't think we aren't all aware of that. Beastly time with the war and then losing Hazel. But we have to go on in life, not just turn our backs on it. You're alive, you have enough money to live on in some degree of comfort. Time to start a new life, to find something worthwhile to do. Don't give up, James. Don't give up. Well, I'll speak to Virginia about what you suggest, it's the least I can do. JAMES: Thank you, Father. I'm sure you'll do your best. RICHARD: I must find Hudson, see if he's packed my case. JAMES: Yes. RICHARD: Oh, give my love to Georgina. Virginia's and mine. Yes, yes, she'll be back sometime, I suppose. HUDSON: May I call you a taxi, my lord? RICHARD: Oh, yes, thank you, Hudson, if my things are ready. HUDSON: All packed in their case, my lord. LORD BELLAMY: Yes, I see... Will you be sending over for the remainder of your belongings later? So that I can instruct Frederick to have these packed and ready? RICHARD: I may, Hudson, I'm not sure. HUDSON: My lord. RICHARD: Until her ladyship has decided on a house, we -- well, I might as well leave my things here, rather than clutter up our rooms in the Hyde Park Hotel. HUDSON: Quite, my lord. RICHARD: Well, I think I'll sit in the morning room while you telephone for a taxi. HUDSON: Oh, I'm not certain that Rose has raised the blinds yet or aired the room. It's all right, Hudson, it doesn't matter. I'm afraid since the Major comes downstairs so rarely these days, and Miss Georgina's so often out... Hudson, it doesn't matter about the state of the morning room, just get me a taxi. No doubt the Major will be closing down the house altogether in due course and dispensing with the staff? I have no idea, Hudson. Don't ask me to look into the future. Things are far from settled. Quite, my lord. MRS. BRIDGES: Ruby, fetch a tray. RUBY: With a cloth on? MRS. BRIDGES: With a cloth on. It's for the Major's supper. He's having it upstairs by himself at half past 8:00. Look sharp. Well, which is it to be? HUDSON: I don't know, Mrs. Bridges. MRS. BRIDGES: You don't know? HUDSON: I do not. MRS. BRIDGES: But you went upstairs specially to find out. HUDSON: In his lordship's Words, things are very unsettled. I should think they are unsettled. I know I am. And that goes for the entire staff, Mrs. Bridges. I'm Well aware of it. However, his lordship will decide in his own time. MRS. BRIDGES: She will, not him. HUDSON: Well, we must be patient and wait and see. MRS. BRIDGES: Yes, I suppose so. HUDSON; Shh. MRS. BRIDGES: That cloth's filthy! Get a clean one out of the drawer. RUBY: Yes, Mrs. Bridges. Good morning, Hudson. HUDSON: Good morning, my lady. RICHARD: Hudson. HUDSON: My lord... The Major gave orders for you to be shown into the drawing room, my lord. RICHARD: Oh, did he? I see. HUDSON: Rose has opened up one end of it, my lord. RICHARD: Oh, then we'll go up. Don't bother, Hudson, we can make ourselves at home. HUDSON: I'm afraid the Major had to go out. He should be back shortly. VIRGINIA: Well, We're early anyway. RICHARD: Come on, Virginia. HUDSON: I've put a decanter of sherry in there, my lord. RICHARD: Good. VIRGINIA: I've never seen your drawing room. RICHARD: Come in, my dear. God, it smells musty. I do apologize. VIRGINIA: What a beautiful room. RICHARD: Yes, it was once. Looks more like a furniture store now. Seen some interesting happenings in its time. VIRGINIA: I'm sure this house is full of memories for you, my darling. RICHARD: inevitably. VIRGINIA: I think that's partly why I'm so anxious for us to live in our own house somewhere else. RICHARD: Yes. Well, let me give you some sherry. VIRGINIA: Just a little, please. RICHARD: I know that James is very anxious to speak to you about his suggestion. VIRGINIA: Which is why we're invited to lunch today, isn't it? Rather wish he hadn't raised the matter. RICHARD: Why not? VIRGINIA: You're putting me in a very awkward position, Richard. RICHARD: I am? Oh, come now, Virginia. You knew very well that we were both invited here to discuss the future of this house. Yes, and what am I to say to him? I don't want to come and live here. Now -- I know it's a beautiful house, but it's not my home, it's not even yours any more. Come now -- Richard, that little house in Clarendon Street would be perfect for us, and I could make it so comfortable and charming. There's plenty of room here, for the time being. VIRGINIA: No! Please, don't try to force me. JAMES: Oh, Father, Virginia. Sorry, I had to go to the bank to get some money, Virginia. VIRGINIA: I've just been admiring your drawing room. Such elegance, that ceiling. JAMES: Yes, yes, it's um -- it's a splendid room, isn't it? We thought we'd open it up for a change, sort of celebrate your return. - VIRGINIA: To London? JAMES: To Eaton Place. Oh, I see Hudson's used his initiative, brought up the sherry -- have you both... RICHARD: Yes, we helped ourselves, James. JAMES: Good. RICHARD: Virginia and I have seen a fine little house in Clarendon Street just north of Hyde Park. Oh. Yes, it's just about perfect for your father and me and -- and at a price we can afford. Yes, I see. Did you mention to Virginia what I said the other day? RICHARD: Yes, James, yes, I did. But as you know -- well, as I told you, a woman who has married again with her own children quite naturally... VIRGINIA: Oh, James, come and sit down and let me try to explain it to you. JAMES: There's no point, Virginia. There's really no point. VIRGINIA: James, please come and sit down. I do understand how you feel, please believe that. I know that it's very sad and quiet for you all alone in this house. Perhaps you'll want to sell it eventually and find some comfortable room somewhere to live. JAMES: And where is Georgina going to go? Can you tell me that? This house is her home. Well, it's mine, too. And since the house is mine, the responsibility for Georgina is mine as well, no longer my father's. Yes, I understand that, James. But there are more -- JAMES: And what -- what about the servants? If I have to sell this house they'll have to be given notice, all of them. After all these years, that is unthinkable. I know that, James, I know... But you must see this from my point of view as well. I have married your father, whom I love very dearly. And now we both look forward to a new life together, a fresh start, away from all our sad memories. I have my two children to consider. I want them to grow up in a home that's theirs, not someone else's. You've been through so much in this house, James, you and your father. Happy times and sad times, as well. I know that those memories and the house itself will belong to you both forever, but in the past. Now the war's over now, James, and we all hope that you can find a new kind of happiness and a new life. And allow your father to find his happiness and his new life, as well. Yes, I suppose so. I -- I can't argue with what you say. Well, the idea of you two coming to live here was just a thought. A silly thought. I'd hoped you'd understand. And my -- my greatest wish is for you and Father to be happy. And Georgina will get married one day I suppose, have a house of her own. Meanwhile, it's just that -- well, six people to wait on one tiresome, bad tempered, unemployed widower. What's the sense in it, eh? Luncheon is served, sir. Oh, thank you, Hudson. Now, come along, Virginia, I want to hear all about Versailles and tell me how -- how - how was Paris? VIRGINIA: Oh, it was so exciting. Did your father tell you that we went to an American Embassy reception and President Wilson was there? JAMES: Morning, Hudson. HUDSON: Good morning, sir. JAMES: Are they ready? HUDSON: In the servants' hall, sir. JAMES: Well, we'd better go down. HUDSON: Sir. ROSE: Major's coming, Mrs. Bridges. JAMES: Good morning. MRS. BRIDGES: Morning, sir. HUDSON: The staff, sir. JAMES: Yes, thank you. Please sit down, Mrs. Bridges. MRS. BRIDGES: Thank you. JAMES: Well, I um -- I expect you can all guess why I asked you to see me this morning. Well, I'm afraid this is a very sad occasion for me, because as you may have heard, my father and stepmother are going to move into a house on their own, and since Mrs. Bellamy's death, I have felt unable to justify living by myself in so large a house as this one with -- with a full staff. So I'm afraid the time has come for me to say... my thanks to you all for the years of devoted and loyal service. At any rate, those of you who've been with us since before the war. To thank you all and I'm afraid to say that the time has come for me to think of selling this house and moving into rooms. So obviously I can no longer maintain a full staff. So if you could all consider yourselves under a month's notice, I mean to give yourself time to find positions in other households. I really and truly am sorry that such a time should come, and I can only repeat my -- my grateful thanks to you all. That's -- that's all I wanted to say. If I might be permitted, sir, to speak on behalf of us all. We had anticipated such an eventuality as this, and please be assured that we understand your difficult position. We have talked among ourselves, ever since it became clear that there were difficulties such as you describe, sir. And I'm authorized to say on behalf of all of us below stairs that we are ready and willing to continue in your service for reduced wages, sir. If that could in any way influence you to change your mind, at least for the time being. Well, that's um -- that's very good of you, Hudson. Of -- of all of you and naturally I'm very touched by your offer. But -- but it really isn't a question of your wages. You see, this house is far too big for me on my own, and Miss Georgina and I... We -- we've reached the end of a chapter. And that's really all I can say. Thank you. Very well. About your duties now, all of you. MRS. BRIDGES: Come along, Ruby, help me with the vegetables. ROSE: After all these years, eh? MRS. BRIDGES: You'll get another place easy enough, Rose. You're healthy and young -- so will Lily and Frederick. ROSE: I suppose so. MRS. BRIDGES: I'm not so sure about you, Ruby. RUBY: I'll find work in a hotel. Easy, Mrs. Bridges, I've seen advertisements in newspapers for kitchen maids for hotels and boarding houses. And they pay good money nowadays. MRS. BRIDGES: Well, you'd better go out and find yourself such a job then. RUBY: I shall. ROSE: I suppose you'll be thinking of retiring now, Mr. Hudson? That is, if you've got enough saved. HUDSON: I hadn't anticipated giving up service yet a while, Rose. ROSE: If it's a question of finding a little house somewhere and putting some money down, there's always the money that my Gregory left me in the bank, and you could have some if it would help. HUDSON: Oh, that's a very kind thought, Rose, and much appreciated. But you'll need all your savings for yourself. In old age, a woman can become needy sooner than a man. Oh, as long as I'm blessed with good health, I shall continue in service as butler, provided a suitable place can be found. Otherwise, there will always be odd jobs to be filled, perhaps as porter at a club or one of these new apartment houses. ROSE: Well, we've had a good run. HUDSON: Aye. The very words Mrs. Bridges used the other day. All good things come to an end, eh? That's the only way to look at it, Rose. I'd best go sort out the laundry. GEORGINA: Am I late? JAMES: No, no, Hudson hasn't announced lunch yet. GEORGINA: Oh, good. I was having a dancing lesson. We did the fox trot and the black bottom. JAMES: You -- do you want a glass of sherry? GEORGINA: No, thank you. Oh, cheer up, Jumbo. It's a lovely day. JAMES: Oh, maybe outside. Not indoors, not in this house. GEORGINA: What do you mean? JAMES: Well, I've just given the servants a month's notice, all of them. Wasn't a very agreeable occasion. GEORGINA: Oh, darling, you are going to sell then. JAMES: Well, what choice do I have, Georgina? I can't go on here, now. Well, you -- you'll just have to cuckoo with Val or Courteney or live at Southwold for a bit or something. GEORGINA: Yes, I see. Oh, well, I'll find a bed somewhere, don't worry about me. JAMES: I do. I do worry about you. GEORGINA: Well, you mustn't. What's more important is that you find a comfortable flat or -- or rooms. JAMES: Oh, that's no problem. I'll find somewhere. It's those wretched servants. All that goodness and loyalty. Their faces will haunt me for the rest of my life. Oh, don't. JAMES: You know they offered to go on for less wages. GEORGINA: Oh, dear, how awfully weepy. I do wish you hadn't told me that. Anyway I -- I think they've been happy here. It's been like a home to them for such a long time, hasn't it? JAMES: Hmm, it has. GEORGINA: Try not to think about it. Tell me some news. I haven't seen you since Wednesday. JAMES: Ooh, there hasn't been much news. It's been pretty quiet here. I had a letter from Father. He and Virginia are bringing the children down next Friday. William's got a dentist appointment and Alice needs some new clothes or something. They're staying at the Hyde Park Hotel again. I'm longing to see the children. Couldn't we, um, invite them to tea one day while they're in London? JAMES: Hmm, at Gunther's? GEORGINA: No, here. JAMES: Oh, are you suggesting I should entertain those two brats, while father and Virginia go shopping? - Yes, I am. JAMES: Ooh. Oh, I'll be here to help you. I adore children. Oh. Well, if you're going to take part. Now, mind you do. LILY: They're done, Mrs. Bridges. But Rose says could they have another plate of sandwiches in the dining room please, and more jelly? MRS. BRIDGES: What? more sandwiches! LILY: Well, that's what Rose said to say, and more jelly. MRS. BRIDGES: I don't know, I'm sure. Only the children have eaten up all what was on the table, and Miss Georgina says they're still hungry. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, poor mites. That's what comes of living in big hotels. Ruby, fetch out the fishpaste, again. I'll out some more bread. RUBY: Yes, Mrs. Bridges. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, dear, goodness me. Oh, I'll put them in the lift when they're ready, Lily. You'd better go on up with that jelly and there's a fresh jug of lemonade. LILY: Yes, Mrs. Bridges. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, my goodness. I hope them two cakes will be sufficient what I made for them special. HUDSON: Lily, where are you going with that? LILY: Well, back in the dining room, Mr. Hudson. HUDSON: Have they not finished their tea yet? LILY: Oh, no, Mr. Hudson. Master William's had a whole plate of sandwiches, and there's more coming up from the kitchen. And they've had two iced cakes and a full jug of lemonade. HUDSON: Yeah, to wash it all down, no doubt. LILY: That's right, Mr. Hudson. HUDSON: Oh, as long as the wee bairns are not ill on the dining room carpet. LILY: Oh, no, Mr. Hudson. Miss Georgina will see to that. MRS. BRIDGES: What time are the children being fetched, Mr. Hudson? HUDSON: Oh, about half past 6:00 or so, Miss Georgina thinks. [Whistle] MRS. BRIDGES: Ruby, whistle. RUBY: Who is it? Ow! MRS. BRIDGES: Whatever's the matter, Ruby? RUBY: Someone blew in me ear. Who is it? WILLIAM". Is that you, Alice? Can you hear me? ALICE; what? RUBY: It's Ruby. Who do you want? ALICE; what? RUBY: Ruby. Who is it? ALICE: Did you say something? WILLIAM: Where are you? ALICE: Upstairs. RUBY: It's children monkeying about what whistled. MRS. BRIDGES: Little devils. [Laughs] [Whistle] RUBY: There. - HUDSON: Leave it, Ruby. They're doing no harm... yet. I'm talking from upstairs. ALICE; what? WILLIAM: What? The bedroom landing, two floors up. WILLIAM: The bedroom landing two floors up. Now look out, because I'm going to blow. Mind your ear. Oh, it's cold. GEORGINA: There you are Alice. ROSE: She's been talking to Master William upstairs. GEORGINA: Have you? well, you come along with me now, we'll go into the drawing room and I'll teach you Chopsticks. ALICE: What's that? GEORGINA: It's a funny tune on the piano. We can play it together. Thank you, Rose. It was a pleasure, Miss Georgina. ALICE: Goodness, what a huge piano. GEORGINA: Hmm, it's a very good one. But nobody ever plays it, nowadays. ALICE: Can I open the lid? GEORGINA: Yes, just a minute, let's take this off. There. Hope it's still in tune. - Come and sit beside me. - Can I play? We're going to play together. Have you got enough room? ALICE: Yes, thank you. GEORGINA: Give me your fingers and I'll show you Chopsticks. It's very easy -- I was taught it by some soldiers in France. It goes... Listen, someone's playing the piano. Steady on, not too fast. WILLIAM: Can I play the piano, too? GEORGINA: Oh, may I play the piano please? Yes, you may. Come and sit here and you can play the top bit. ALICE: I'm playing the bass. WILLIAM: The what? ALICE: The bass. Give me your hands and I'll put your fingers on the right notes. Ready? GEORGINA: Very good. That's it and down. [Laughing] MRS. BRIDGES: Ask the Major what time he wants his dinner, would you please, Mr. Hudson? HUDSON: Yes, indeed, Mrs. Bridges. [Banging piano keys] HUDSON: Would you listen to the wee rascals, now? MRS. BRIDGES: That piano hasn't been played for years. Not since Miss Lizzie left home. GEORGINA: Very good, Alice. Down... That's it. Oh, I'm sorry, James, are you being deafened? I'll stop them if you like. JAMES: Oh, no, no, it's all right. I was just wondering if, um, William would like to come and see my train. Would you care to see Uncle James's train, William? Yes, please. JAMES: Yes, well, you come upstairs with me and I'll show it to you. ALICE: Please, may we do it again? GEORGINA: Yes, all right. Ready? One, two, three, go... RICHARD: Everything all right, Hudson? HUDSON: Oh, yes, indeed, my lord. VIRGINIA: Oh, dear your poor piano. RICHARD: It never gets played. It'll do it good to get a good thumping. Come on, let's go and sit down. HUDSON: Oh, my lord... RICHARD: Oh, I forgot. Of course, it's all shut up. Let's use the drawing room. WILLIAM: Alice, come up and see the train. Alice. GEORGINA: All right, We're coming. ALICE: William, did you hear me playing a tune? RICHARD: They appear to be enjoying themselves. VIRGINIA: Oh, I'm sure they are, but are you, Hudson, and the others? Oh, yes, my lady. Things have been quite lively in the house since the children finished their tea. RICHARD: I think they've gone up to the nursery now. VIRGINIA: I must round them up and take them away before they wreck your house. RICHARD: Well, let's go and assess the damage, shall we? JAMES: Around past the station, you see? JAMES: Around past the station, you see? There it goes, down -- Oh, dear! Overturned. Still nobody hurt. Let's set it up again. We'll set it up again. WILLIAM: Can I set it up this time? JAMES: Oh, yeah, sure, here you are, you -- you have a go. I'll find you the key. Where's the key gone? ROSE: Little cups and saucers, look, for their tea. And even a tiny milk jug. GEORGINA: ls there a shawl, Rose? ROSE: Oh, I'll have a look, Miss Georgina. GEORGINA: Thank you. JAMES: There you go, there we are. Very good. It's quicker on its own. Now then, hang on, we'll attach this one on the back now. Here we are then, that should go in there like that. ALICE: Look, Mummy, a tiny milk jug for the dolls to have their tea. VIRGINIA: Oh, yes, isn't it small? JAMES: Oh, hello, Virginia, Father. Pass us that drop of oil will you? It's sticking a bit just here the track. - WILLIAM: This? JAMES: Yeah. VIRGINIA: Come along now, children, I'm afraid it's time to go. ALICE: Aw! - ALICE: Mummy. - WILLIAM: Not yet. Yes, yes, yes, we must, it's gone half past 6:00. Now come along downstairs and get your coats on. ROSE: I'll go and fetch their things, my lady. VIRGINIA: Thank you, Rose. GEORGINA: Alice and I have been playing the piano together, haven't we? Rather well, we thought. ALICE: Yes, and blowing the whistle. Mummy, it's such a lovely house, you can talk through the whistle to someone upstairs all the way from the basement. WILLIAM: And there's lots of rooms to hide in and cupboards. GEORGINA: For hide and seek. VIRGINIA: Yes, I'm sure there are, but you must say goodbye now and come downstairs. ALICE: Please... Oh, Mummy. VIRGINIA: We mustn't outstay our welcome. Oh, you could never do that, Virginia, and you know it. GEORGINA: Couldn't they stay for just another half an hour, please, Virginia? RICHARD: Why not let them if they're having fun? ALICE: I want to stay here forever and ever. Don't you, William? Oh, yes, so that we can blow the whistle to each other every day. RICHARD: Come on, let's go down. JAMES: Right, I'd come down myself, Father, but we're having a bit of trouble with this signal aren't we, William? VIRGINIA: Very well, but just for half an hour. GEORGINA: Would you like to see if you could find another dress for this one? JAMES: See if we can pull that one. Now then, stop it there, there you go. Hook that in there, more fuel supply. [Soft piano playing] [Music stops] RICHARD: Go on playing. VIRGINIA: No, I mustn't. GEORGINA: Oh, that was lovely. JAMES: Play it again. VIRGINIA: Some other time. Where are they? GEORGINA: Oh, Rose is getting their coats on. VIRGINIA: Thank you both for giving them such a lovely afternoon. GEORGINA: We enjoyed ourselves, didn't we, James? JAMES: Haven't laughed so much for years. It is a pity they can't stay. ROSE: Beg pardon, my lady. We're just gonna see Mrs. Bridges. Shan't be a minute. ALICE: We're going to thank her for our tea. VIRGINIA: Oh, I'd like to take them down to the kitchen. May I? JAMES: Of course. VIRGINIA: Thank you. Thank you, Rose. ROSE: Very good, my lady. RICHARD: Rose? Would you ask Hudson to think about getting us a taxi? ROSE: Very good, my lord. VIRGINIA: Mrs. Bridges? MRS. BRIDGES: Oh. Good afternoon, my lady. VIRGINIA: The children just wanted to come and thank you for their tea. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, it was a pleasure I'm sure, my lady. VIRGINIA: This is William and Alice. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, my goodness gracious me. And did you enjoy your teas, my dears? ALICE: Yes, thank you. It was a lovely tea. WILLIAM: Especially the jelly. [Laughing] MRS. BRIDGES: Especially the jelly. Ho ho, my goodness me. Well, next time Mummy brings you here to tea I'll make you some of my strawberry tarts. How would that be? VIRGINIA: Oh, they'd love that. MRS. BRIDGES: I hear Miss Alice is quite a musician, my lady. VIRGINIA: Not really yet, but she's going to start lessons on the piano, as soon as we settle in London. Oh, yes, my lady. VIRGINIA: Well, we mustn't keep you. Say goodbye to Mrs. Bridges, children, and then we must go. - ALICE: Goodbye, Mrs. Bridges. - WILLIAM: Goodbye. MRS. BRIDGES: Goodbye, my dears. Thank you, Mrs. Bridges, you've been so kind. It's been a pleasure, my lady. It really has been. HUDSON: His lordship is up in the drawing room, my lady. VIRGINIA: Thank you, Hudson. HUDSON: Your taxi should be here in two or three minutes. VIRGINIA: Thank you. JAMES: Well, the servants loved having them here. GEORGINA: Especially Rose. JAMES: Yes, they seem remarkably cheerful considering they're under a months notice. RICHARD: What did you say? JAMES: Well, what else could I do, Father? I can't go on living here now. They said goodbye to Mrs. Bridges, so as soon as the taxi comes -- RICHARD: Yes, yes, we must go. JAMES: Here you are, William. [Loud pop] Popgun for you. Now, mind you don't shoot Alice with it. GEORGINA: And this is for you, Alice. Rose made a little bonnet for it. ALICE: Oh, thank you. How lovely. VIRGINIA: Rose seems to have a wonderful way with children, better than my old nanny. GEORGINA: Well, yes, she has. She'd make a marvellous children's maid. Who'd do the housework? Well, Lily, we only need one housemaid now, isn't that so, James? Oh, yes. And Frederick would valet Uncle Richard as well as you, James. Would he? GEORGINA: Yes, and Lily's such a good housemaid that, Well Rose would have the time to be Virginia's lady's maid, as well. That -- that is if... Yes, if... Does there really have to be an if? HUDSON: Your taxi is here, my lady. VIRGINIA: Oh, thank you, Hudson. Well, thank you, Georgina and James, for looking after these two for me. They've had a lovely time, you've really spoiled them. GEORGINA: That's all right. I think you'd better telephone the agent tomorrow morning, Richard, and withdraw the offer for that house in Clarendon Street, don't you? Virginia, are -- are you sure? You know what you're saying, I mean please -- Oh, yes, I'm sure, Richard. I may be a pretty stubborn and obstinate person, but I do know when I'm beaten. Now come along children, if you don't -- ALICE: Mummy, does that mean We're going to stay forever? VIRGINIA: I don't know about forever. If you don't get downstairs this minute. Now don't run so... Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 