Upstairs, Downstairs: Season 5, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Upstairs, Downstairs 
 s5e4 - The Joy Ride - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Upstairs, Downstairs (1971–1975): Season 5, Episode 4 - The Joy Ride - full transcript 
 James surprises everyone by announcing that he has bought an airplane. Her has been taking lessons and now has his pilot's license but his father thinks it's just another frivolous act on the part of his unemployed son. When he mentions it to Virginia she is thrilled by the thought of going up in the air and James invites her to go flying with him that afternoon. She would like to but had promised Richard she would sit in the spectator's gallery in the House of Lords that afternoon while he delivers a blistering attack on the coalition government. When Richard makes it quite clear that she is expected to be there, Virginia rebels and goes off with James for an afternoon of flying. When fog begins to roll in and their return is delayed, worry sets in. As the hours go by, Richard cannot help but wonder if his wife and only son are alive. When they receive reports that a lighthouse reported seeing a low flying aircraft out over the sea, he and everyone in the household assume the worse. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) FREDERICK: Taxi's here, my lord. RICHARD: You'll have to tell it to wait, Frederick. Her ladyship is not ready yet. FREDERICK: Very good, my lord. - Oh, hello, father. RICHARD: James. JAMES: Now where are you going all got up like that? Banquet at the Guildhall, but we're going to be late if Virginia doesn't buck up. JAMES: Oh, what time are you due there? 8:15 for 8:30. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Well, what have you been doing with yourself today? Looking for a job? No, father, I have not. I'd rather we dropped the subject if you don't mind. I've told you, lam pursuing various lines, and I'll let you know when there's any news. RICHARD: I see -- well, I hope you're not squandering that money your great Aunt Kate left you. Oh, on what? On loose living? I wasn't going to say that. No, no, but you thought it. Well, I have spent, not squandered, some of that money today, as a matter of fact, on something that you may regard as an extravagance. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - What? - But I regard it as an investment in the future. - What? - Well, you know I've been taking these flying lessons down at Brooklands. Yes, you told me, and you've got your A license. But that doesn't take £1,000. JAMES: No, no, father, but you see, I've been looking ahead, you see, to the future. I really am most awfully keen on this aviation business and its commercial possibilities -- James, what are you trying to tell me? I've bought an aeroplane. You've what? JAMES: I've bought an aeroplane, an old reconnaissance machine, from the aircraft disposal company. It cost me £375. Took her up for the first time this afternoon. I see -- Well, I suppose you know what you're doing. JAMES: Of course I do, father. It's a wonderful machine, an Avro 504. It's a bit primitive, of course, but absolutely air worthy. RICHARD: I'm very glad to hear it. Oh, she handles beautifully. Like a thoroughbred hunter with a soft mouth. Really. - Yeah, I took old Geoffrey Carter up in it. He's a fellow member down at Brooklands. We flew from Richmond right down the line of the river across London and as far as the Thames Estuary. - Did you? - Yes. I could have dropped bombs on the electors at Rotherhithe. - Could you? - Yes, Bellamy's revenge. But I didn't. It is extraordinary, you know, being able to get from Richmond to Greenwich in a matter of minutes. Yes, and we'll have to get from Eaton Place to the Guildhall in a matter of minutes if her ladyship doesn't come down soon. I could always fly you there. Oh, no, thank you. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sor- oh, now, please don't be cross with me. JAMES: Ah, guilty conscience. Hudson sent word up to Rose to say that you were waiting for me -- is that so? Taxi waiting, Virginia, it's ten minutes to 8:00. Yes, I know it is, darling, I've got the clock. JAMES: Oh, Virginia, I was just telling father -- RICHARD: We haven't time, James. VIRGINIA: Oh, yes, we have, darling. You said that we were to leave at five to 8:00. It's only ten to eight. What were you just telling your father? Later, I think. Virginia, why must you always out it so fine? VIRGINIA: Oh, Richard, I'm sorry, but William's got a sore throat and had to gargle, and then Alice wanted me to read an essay that she'd written for Miss Treadwell, before they said their prayers. Why couldn't Miss Treadwell settle them down for the night? Because she's not their mother, darling, and neither is Rose. JAMES: You can't argue with that, father. - Now you keep out of this. Richard, I'm always ready on time when required. Isn't it my business what I do beforehand? Yes, of course it is, it's just that I'd like you to have more time to bath and dress and do your hair in comfort when you're dining out like any other woman instead of having to throw yourself together at the last minute. [Chuckles] I'm quite tidy, darling. I'm dressed and my hands are clean. James, am I not tidy? JAMES: Neat as a new pin, I'd say. VIRGINIA: There, you see, I am your tidy, dressed wife, and -- oh, my God. - Now what? - I won't be a moment. I'll just... ROSE: Beg pardon, my lady. Your gloves. VIRGINIA: Oh, thank you, Rose, I was wondering. You left them on Miss Alice's bed. And you left your evening bag on top of the nursery cupboard. Oh, did I really? Well, thank you very much, Rose. I'm so grateful to you. ROSE: Not at all, my lady. [Door closes] There, I'm ready now. I think. RICHARD: Well, then we must go now. And I would like a glass of sherry. - Virginia. - Oh, now please, Richard, to give me courage. James, would you -- RICHARD: Virginia, we haven't got time. VIRGINIA: We have, darling -- it's seven minutes to 8:00. I have got two minutes left. RICHARD: Meanwhile, the taxi clock is ticking up and up and will cost a fortune. Then I'll pay for it out of my allowance. RICHARD: You'll do nothing of the sort. - There you are, Virginia. - Thank you, James. It's a pity you're in such a rush. I wanted to tell you about my splendid new aeroplane. - No. - Mm-hmm. But I -- you mean, you've bought -- you've bought an aeroplane of your own? JAMES: Mm-hmm, an Avro 504. - What, a two-seater? - Eh-heh. RICHARD: Virginia, we really must go now. We can't be late for this sort of thing. Prince Arthur of Connaught is going to be there. VIRGINIA: James, you must tell me all about it. It's so exciting, isn't it, Richard? Yes, it is -- good night, James. I suppose you know that most of my sherry went up my nose. RICHARD: Frederick, bring me my -- my gloves... [Door closes] [Door locks] JAMES: Hmm, Frederick. - Ah, Frederick? - FREDERICK: Sir? JAMES: Frederick, come here a moment. I want to tell you something. Now, Frederick, remember those two-seater reconnaissance planes that used to spot for our artillery during the war? Big biplanes with radial engines? Oh, yes, I think so, sir. JAMES: Avro 504, as they were called. Oh, yes, sir. JAMES: Well, I've got one. Oh, yes, I bought it this afternoon. - Go on, sir. - Well, the Air Force don't need them any more, you see, so they're selling them off cheap to civilians like me. Got it down at Brooklands. Take you up in it if you like. I'd be very interested, sir. I knew you would be. It's very thrilling, flying, you know, especially in your own machine. FREDERICK: Yes, it must be, sir. And will you be dressing? JAMES: Hmm? FREDERICK: I understand you're dining out, sir. Oh, yes, I'm having dinner at the Royal Aero Club. You better lay me out a short coat and a black tie. - Sir. - And run me a bath, will you? Very good, sir. [Chuckles] [Sighs] LILY: Oh, what a beautiful gown! ROSE: Elegant, isn't it? You can hang it up if you like, if you've got clean hands. Careful, mind, it's heavy. You don't want to drop it. LILY: I'll be ever so careful with it. ROSE: Have you done out the Major's room? LILY: Oh, yes, he got up early this morning and went out riding. I watched him go from the bedroom window. - Did you? - Frederick says the Major's bought himself an aeroplane to pilot by himself. ROSE: So I've heard. Wouldn't catch me going up in one of them things, not if you paid me, all tied together with bits of string -- probably come apart in the air. LILY: He must be ever such a brave man, the Major. ROSE: Oh, yes, he was brave enough all right during the war. Now, I think he's just foolhardy. Get on and dust the dressing table. LILY: I feel sorry for him, though, losing his wife like that when she was only young. ROSE: Yes, it was very sad. LILY: He's nice, isn't he, the Major? I mean, he always has a nice, cheery word, that is. If he passes me on the stairs, he always says good morning to me and asks me if I'm settling in all right. And do you know, I've been here two years last May. You want to be careful, Lily. Don't encourage him. - What do you mean? - Don't get too familiar. Oh, no, I wouldn't do that, never See, he was a bit of a rip when he was young, was master James, in his 20s. What? Well, perhaps I oughtn't to mention it, but -- no, it's something you should know. There was a bit of a bother with one of the housemaids we had before the war, called Sarah. Now, I don't want to go into any details because it was a long time ago and the Major's a grown man now, been through the war and his marriage and... everything. But, well, you know what they say, a leopard can't change his spots, if you get my meaning. You told me about Sarah when I first come here. You said she left to marry the chauffeur. Mmm, she did. LILY: You didn't say nothing about her and the Major. No. Well, I just thought I'd mention it. He's lonely now since Mrs. Bellamy died, a bit on his own, all restless, can't seem to settle to anything, and as I say, he's always had an eye for a pretty girl. So... So? So, you're a pretty girl, like Sarah was. Oh, let's hope he gets married again like his father, settles down with a good woman. I think he's ever so nice. ROSE: Well, so do I, Lily, it's just that he's a bit of a lad with the girls. See? I see. When you've finished here, I want you to go up and light the nursery fire because Master William is stopping in with his sore throat. LILY: All right. And no need to mention what I said to anyone downstairs. LILY: Oh, no, of course not. Least of all Daisy. She'd take advantage. LILY: Oh. All right, then. [Door opens] FREDERICK: You all right, Mr. Hudson? - What? - What happened? The tray fell. I'll see to it, Mr. Hudson. - What's up? - Nothing is up, Ruby. The tray is too wide for the pantry door, that's all. Go back to the kitchen. RUBY: Mrs. Bridges and me heard an awful crash, and I nearly jumped out of me skin. HUDSON: Well, you can jump back into your skin again, Ruby, there's no harm done. You should have let me carry this, Mr. Hudson, it's heavy. HUDSON: I have been carrying this tray, Frederick, in and out of that pantry door since before you were born. FREDERICK: About time you stopped and let a younger man do the heavy work. - I beg your pardon! - You've only to call me if there's something you can't manage, Mr. Hudson. Perhaps his Lordship's heavy overcoat. HUDSON: Now just you listen to me, Frederick. If you're going to continue as footman here, you will kindly carry out my orders to you and refrain from acting on your own initiative. I've had to remind you on more than one occasion to inform me when members of the family come in and out of this house. In a residence of this size, the butler is responsible at all times for the smooth running of the household. I only tried to save you the stairs, Mr. Hudson, because Rose says you're not getting any younger and I was to help you as much as possible. Rose had no business to say that. I see, so I'm not to lift heavy trays for you or answer bells when you're in. [Bell ringing] - There, morning room. That'll be the dining room, Mr. Hudson, to clear away breakfast. You may well be right. In either case, go and answer it. Very good, Mr. Hudson. [Door opens and closes] VIRGINIA: What a beautiful day -- crisp and clear and sunny. RICHARD: Oh, my dear. That won't please the Sea Lords. VIRGINIA: What won't, the weather? RICHARD: Arthur Lee has put the cat among the pigeons at the washington Naval Conference. He's made a speech in highly unparliamentary language, demanding the scrapping of all submarines. Without a word to Balfour or the French delegation beforehand. He may be First Lord, but he's not God. Charles's father always said that Lee was a good Civil Lord. - Hmm? - Oh, not as good as you, of course, darling, but competent. Thank you. And Lloyd George thinks very highly of him. But he'll never be prime minister because he's not a gentleman. And whose opinion is that? Not mine, Curzon's. We were talking about him last night, oddly enough. Curzon can't stick him. Now that doesn't surprise me. Lord Curzon can't stick anyone who isn't a duke or royal. Now, now. Well, when I've waded through Northcliffe's alarmist rubbish about a war between Greece and Turkey, I think I shall go to my study and write some letters. VIRGINIA: All right, darling, then I can send for Mrs. Bridges in here and order the meals. RICHARD: All right. JAMES: Ah, top of the morning to you both. - Hello, James. - Father. VIRGINIA: James, have you had breakfast? I've just rung for them to clear. JAMES: Yes, had it early, thanks. I say, it's a cracking fine day, you know? Jolly warm for October. - Yes, isn't it? - I can't think of anything more gloriously exciting than a canter round Rotten Row before breakfast followed by a sprint down to Brooklands in the motor, a flip in the air in my old Avro. That's to be your day, is it? That's right -- you know, the funny thing about riding and flying is, they're a bit alike, really. My instructor says if you're a good horseman, i.e. if you've got good hands and a sense of balance, you should make a good pilot. You are a good horseman, so you must be a good pilot. Well, I don't want to boast too much, but I am pretty good. Got through the test Without a mishap. Passed my navigation test first time. A couple of the chaps down at the flying school had to land in the sewage farm last week -- one of the hazards down there. Either that or the motor racing track. VIRGINIA: How fast does your aeroplane go? JAMES: Oh, 80, 90 miles an hour. VIRGINIA: Really? JAMES: Mmm, just think of that. By the way, Virginia, I've had a capital idea. As it is such a glorious day, why don't you come down with me to Brooklands and see the old crate? I'll take you up in it if you like. VIRGINIA: Oh. Oh, yes, please, I'd love to do that -- could I? JAMES: Of course, we'd go for a joy ride. Is it very thrilling up in an aeroplane? I've always wanted to fly. JAMES: Oh, it's extraordinary. I mean, the people on the ground, they look like insects. And the houses and the fields, they look like toys on the nursery floor -- you'll be crazy about it. I don't wish to dampen your enthusiasm, James, but Virginia knows perfectly well I'm opening an important debate on foreign affairs in the Lords this afternoon. JAMES: I can't see what that's got to do with it. RICHARD: Can't you? - VIRGINIA: You'd like me to go with you and sit in the gallery, wouldn't you, and listen to your speech? It's not a case of what I'd like, Virginia. I thought we'd agreed that you'd sit in the Strangers Gallery with old Lady Malling and would have tea in the House after the debate. Oh, yes, so we did. How depressing. JAMES: Oh, now, come on, you don't have to do that, do you? They'd understand. Tell them you've got a cold and then come with me. VIRGINIA: I think you'd better ask your father, James. JAMES: Oh, now, father, Virginia can hear you make a speech in the Lords at any time. It isn't always such perfect flying weather as this. I'm quite sure Lady Malling won't die of a broken heart if Virginia isn't there. Let her come flying with me. It's not a case of "let her come" either, James. Virginia is an adult person, perfectly free to choose how she wishes to spend her afternoon. Excuses can be made to the Mailings if necessary. I am merely suggesting it would be more fitting for her to be seen in the gallery while her husband is opening an important debate rather than to be seen going up in an aeroplane at Brooklands with her stepson. The choice is yours, Virginia. VIRGINIA: Oh, Richard, that's most unfair. - What is? - Well, to put it all onto me. Do you wish me to forbid you to go flying with James, is that it, like some stern Victorian husband? I'd almost rather you did in some ways. Well, I am not going to. You must make up your own mind. Well, of course I would rather go up in James's machine than sit in the Lords all afternoon. Who wouldn't on a day like this? Besides, I've never been up in an aeroplane. It would be something new, something to do with the future and not the past. Well, as I said before, the choice is yours. JAMES: I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked you in the first place. I wish I hadn't now. Well, if you are coming with me to the Lords, Virginia, we must have lunch at 1:00 sharp and leave the house at 2:15. I shall be in my study if you want me. [Door closes] JAMES: And if you want to come for a joy ride with me, Virginia, we could leave the house at midday, have lunch down at Brooklands, and be up in the clear, blue sky by 2:15, a thousand feet over London. It's for you to say. It's your life, not father's. Well? HUDSON: I'll inform his lordship HUDSON: I'll inform his lordship you're here, my lady. PRUDENCE: Thank you, Hudson. But don't hurry him if he's in the study. I am a little early. HUDSON: Very good, my lady. May I pour you a glass of sherry? PRUDENCE: Ah...thank you. Family all well? HUDSON: Oh, indeed, thank you, my lady. Oh, did Miss Georgina get off all right to America? HUDSON: Oh, yes, my lady. She sailed at the end of last week. I expect she was glad to get right away from the reporters and everybody, after the tragedy. Oh, yes, my lady. We were all quite shocked and upset by the incident, that such a thing should happen in this house. Well, I believe the young gentleman who shot himself upstairs was not quite sane. So I understand, my lady. PRUDENCE: Well, we live in very disturbing times, do we not, Hudson? I fear so, my lady. RICHARD: Oh, Prudence, forgive me not receiving you. I was in my study, finishing some notes for this afternoon. Noble of you to come and support me. PRUDENCE: Support you? Yes, with your company. Richard, dear, I'm an old enough friend, God knows, and I love you very dearly, but in all the years that I've known you and darling Marjorie, I have never been invited round here for luncheon at 30 minutes notice. RICHARD: No, I don't suppose you have. Heaven knows I've been dragged in often enough to make up the numbers when ladies retract at the last minute, but I have usually had time to look out a hat to wear. RICHARD: I know, I know. But to arrive home from my dentist at 12:30 to find a note from you more or less ordering me round here for luncheon at 1:00, well, I wonder why. I'll tell you exactly why, Pru. I'm opening an important debate on foreign affairs in the Lords this afternoon, leading a salvo of big guns -- Lansdowne, Birkenhead, Newton, Derby. It's to be an all-out assault on Lloyd George's refusal to listen to advice on Ulster. We want an end to the coalition, nothing less. - And where do I come in? - I want your support. Well, I can't make a speech. I'm not a peer. In the gallery, and with old Lady Malling at tea afterwards, would you? I really have no choice, have I? No, quite frankly, I don't think you have. Oh, all right, Richard, dear. You know I'd do anything for you. I'm usually bored stiff in the House, especially the Lords, but... since you're giving me lunch, I suppose I shall have to pay for it. Good girl, I knew you'd come. More sherry? PRUDENCE: Oh, no, no, or else I'll get squiffy and let you down. As a matter of passing interest, Where is Virginia? Uh. she's not here. No, I can see that. I just wondered how she was and where she was. She's gone to Surrey for the day. Oh. - Surrey. - Surrey. What part of Surrey? Near Weybridge. How extraordinary. Does she know anybody in Weybridge? Not to my knowledge. How is James? - Oh, James is very well. - Oh, good, I am glad. He's taken up flying, you know. PRUDENCE: No, I didn't know. Oh, yes, he's bought himself an aeroplane. Oh, what on Earth for? Oh, to fly about in, I suppose. Well, where? Across the channel? Oh, not the Atlantic Ocean like Alcock and... Whoever it was. No, I don't think so. He just likes flying about. PRUDENCE: Oh, well, there's no accounting for taste, I suppose. I do wish he could find a proper occupation. His defeat in the by-election of Rotherhithe left him very bitter, you know. He was confident he'd get in, and it came as quite a shock to him. PRUDENCE: Oh, it must have done. To be defeated by that dreadful Labour creature. Ooh, howl detest them and all they stand for. You might as well get used to them, Pru. They're here to stay. PRUDENCE: God help us. Well, anyway, how are you these days? I'm well, and happy, naturally. Not finding those dear little children too noisy? Oh, no, no, the governess has got them well under control. PRUDENCE: And Rose, I gather. Oh, yes, yes, Rose, too. She's supposed to be Virginia's personal maid, but she's now become a self-appointed nanny as well. Spends most of her time up in the nursery. Are your little steps intelligent children? Average. Alice does lessons every day with another child under Miss Treadwell's expert guidance, and William goes to his preparatory school in the spring. So all's right with the world. Your world, I mean. Yes, I think so. Luncheon is served, my lord. Ah, Hudson. Come along, Pru, or we'll be late for Westminster. PRUDENCE: Oh, it's the most lovely day. Have you noticed, not a cloud in the sky? We really should be doing something in the fresh air this afternoon, not sitting in the House of Lords listening to a succession of deadly boring speeches. -[Laughs] - Not yours, Richard. I mean other people. ROSE: Oh, nobody back yet? FREDERICK: Not as far as I know, Rose. Did you see this photograph of her ladyship? FREDERICK: Yes, I was just looking at it. ROSE: She don't like it, but I think it's lovely, and I told her so. - Oh yeah? -[Laughing] Look. She looks more like a mischievous school girl than a viscountess. FREDERICK: Yes, she does. ROSE: Oh, well, I must put the milk on for the nursery. Are you coming? FREDERICK: Yeah, I've finished in here, Rose. ROSE: Oh, Ruby, Mrs. Bridges back yet? RUBY: Yes, she come in a few minutes ago. She's gone up to her room. Put the milk on for the nursery for me, will you? RUBY: In a jiffy, Rose. Hey, Mrs. Bridges says it's coming in foggy. I know it is. Pff. FREDERICK: You can hardly see the lamppost across the road. ROSE: No -- Well, I must go and get my work box. RUBY: I'll call you when the milk's boiled, Rose. ROSE: Thank you, Ruby. Oh, Mr. Hudson, her ladyship isn't in yet, but she told Miss Treadwell she'd be back in time for nursery tea at 5:00, and it's gone 6:00. Oh, her ladyship left the house with the Major in his motorcar before luncheon, Rose. I understood they were driving down to the country for the day. They'd hardly be back yet. ROSE: Well, why say about nursery tea, then, and disappoint the children? I don't know. HUDSON: There was to be no morning room tea today, I know that much -- his lordship and Lady Prudence were taking tea at the House of Lo-- What are you hanging about for, Frederick? I was waiting for an opportunity to speak to you, Mr. Hudson. HUDSON: Well, speak, unless you've lost your tongue. We were trained in the army to wait for permission to speak to our seniors. Were you? FREDERICK: I was only going to suggest that you might like me to go and decant the port for tonight, Mr. Hudson, and save your feet. I have already told you, Frederick, my feet do not require saving, and I'll thank you to get on with your own work in the pantry. It is a butler's place to decant the port, unless he gives orders to the contrary. I'm only trying to help, Mr. Hudson. ROSE: Oh, listen, there's the front door. - HUDSON: I heard nothing. - Ah, but my ears is younger than yours, Mr. Hudson. FREDERICK: Sounded like somebody coming in. Did it indeed? ROSE: It was the front door, Mr. Hudson. [Bell rings] Go and prepare the sherry tray then, Frederick. Just prepare it, mind, and leave it on the hall table. I shall take it into the morning room myself when it is asked for. Very good, Mr. Hudson. I mustn't stay long, Richard. Well, not too long, anyway. You've had me for luncheon and most of the afternoon. I don't want to outstay my welcome. RICHARD: Have something to warm you before you leave. Oh, Hudson, bring the whiskey and some sherry, will you? Very good, my lord. RICHARD: Hudson, is her ladyship upstairs with the children? No, my lord, her ladyship has not returned yet. She hasn't? I see. I suppose my watch is correct. HUDSON: It's just gone a quarter past 6:00, my lord. Yes, that's what I thought. PRUDENCE: What time were you expecting Virginia back from Surrey? She didn't say. Was she motoring or going by train? RICHARD: She's motoring. Well, either way, she's most likely delayed by the fog. It's really quite thick now, you know. RICHARD: Then why hasn't she telephoned? Perhaps they're not on the telephone, these people that she's visiting. Richard, you're not worried about her, are you? RICHARD: Ah. Let me give you some sherry. PRUDENCE: Are you, Richard? RICHARD: Am I what? PRUDENCE: Worried about Virginia. RICHARD: If you really want to know, Pru, yes, I am. I am damn worried about her. The fog is getting thicker every minute. And as an old and trusted friend, I have to tell you something else you don't know. About what? About where my wife is, or was, this afternoon. [Playing harmonica] [Playing harmonica] RUBY: It's grand, eh, Lily? LILY: Yes. Can you play a jig, Frederick? FREDERICK: Hmm? LILY: Well, then Ruby and me could dance for you. FREDERICK: All right, ladies, anything to oblige. LILY: Come on. [Plays jig] [Laughter] ROSE: Stop it! FREDERICK: Eh? You can't hear yourself think. Sorry, Rose. ROSE: Half past 7:00. FREDERICK: Is it? ROSE: What could have happened to them? It's not like her ladyship to be late. Could have telephoned. LILY: I expect she will, Rose. ROSE: Oh, Alice, what do you do with the buttons off your dress? [Telephone rings] ROSE: Oh, that's probably them. FREDERICK: I'll answer it, Rose. ROSE: No, best not. Mr. Hudson's in the pantry. Let him answer. Shhh, I'll listen. Brooklands? I see, very good, my lord. I'll look up the number in the directory right away and connect you. I beg your pardon, my lord? Oh, a country number. Yes, yes, I see, my lord. Beg pardon? Enquiries? Yes. Yes, right away, very good, yes. PRUDENCE: Well? Hudson's finding the number of the flying club. He'll connect me with them as soon as he can. I simply cannot understand why you didn't tell me at lunch that she'd gone off flying with James in his aeroplane. I mean, why not say? I didn't choose to for my own reasons. Were you afraid I'd put it round London that your wife had eloped with your son? This is not a joking matter, you know. Oh, no, of course it isn't, Richard, I'm sorry. Really, what a stupid thing to say. Please forgive me. Damn it all, they must have landed before dark or dusk even. PRUDENCE: Well, you'd think so. Especially this weather. They know jolly well it takes an hour and a half to drive up here from Brooklands. Why in God's name hasn't one of them got the sense to telephone? [Telephone rings] Yes? Oh, yes, Hudson, put them through please, will you? Hello? Hello? Am I connected with the Brooklands Flying Club? I want to speak urgently to the secretary, please. Lord Bellamy, yes. Yes, yes, I'll hold on. RICHARD.' Hello? Arn I speaking to the club secretary? It's about my son, Major Bellamy. I believe he's a member of your club. He was taking his stepmother flying this afternoon. Lady Bellamy, yes. They're overdue? Yes, I know they are. Well, what has happened to them? His machine's what? Not equipped for night flying? I'm sure it's not. How much petrol? And you've no further news of them. [Telephone hangs up] Will one of you go through and tell them in the kitchen that dinner will have to be put back until further orders? RICHARD: They took off from Brooklands at 10 past 3:00 after telling the flying control people they were going to set course southwest towards Wiltshire. Wiltshire? Someone in the club heard James mention he was going to fly over Southwold. Wanted to show Virginia his ancestral home from the air, I suppose. PRUDENCE: All the way down there? That's what they said. When darkness fell and they hadn't checked in, the flying control people became anxious. They've already put out a call to the aerodromes en route, civil and military, but there's no news of them. It seems the people at the flying club put through a telephone call to Southwold in case he'd landed in the grounds. The odd man answered the telephone, and he told them that a plane flew over the park at tea time, about half past 4:00, circled the house, then disappeared into the clouds. FREDERICK: The evening paper, Mr. Hudson. Shall I? No, Frederick. I will take it up. Bloody fool of a boy. Irresponsible ass. I blame Virginia, too, you know. She ought to have known better. Richard, you must keep calm. - They know perfectly well that we dine at 8:00 in this house, and it's five minutes to 8:00 now. I detest unpunctuality. Keeping the servants hanging about. What in God's name do they think they're doing? Well, all we can do is to wait and hope for the best, Richard. As the flying club have promised to telephone the moment it has any news, there's nothing else we can do. The evening paper, my lord. RICHARD: Oh, thank you, Hudson. My God. Just look at that already. Doesn't take them long, does it? HUDSON: Now, now, Lily, no need for that. You mustn't be found weeping in here. LILY: No, Mr. Hudson, I'm sorry. HUDSON: His lordship and Lady Prudence are still in the dining room drinking their coffee, but they'll not be long, so try to control yourself, child. It's just that Mrs. Bridges says maybe they've crashed and they're both dead. Mrs. Bridges cannot know for certain, Lily. Nor can anyone as yet. It's all in the hands of the good Lord. We must not give way to ungrounded fears, Lily. Try to have faith. And patience. You're that kind and comforting, Mr. Hudson, not to be cross with me. I feel a bit better now, thank you. You're a good girl, Lily, to show concern for your employers. LILY: It's just that I couldn't bear to think of her ladyship and the Major. They're good, kind souls, the pair of them. HUDSON: That is indeed so, Lily. On the other hand, I think we must all spare a thought for his lordship in his anxiety. The Major's aeroplane escapade is inconsiderate and unwise, risking his life. And her ladyship's, for all we know. But you said not to worry, Mr. Hudson. Aye, that's true. We must keep in mind the old saying that no news is good news. Now run along, my dear. And Lily, when you go to your bed tonight, you must pray for her ladyship's safe return. And the Major's. Yes, Mr. Hudson. Yes, of course I'll tell him you telephoned. He's a little distraught at the moment, as you can guess, otherwise he'd speak -- Lady Ambergate, yes, I see. Oh, yes, it is all too dreadfully worrying. I will. Thank you, goodbye. Five to 11:00, Pru. You ought to get some sleep. PRUDENCE: Oh, I couldn't! RICHARD: There's nothing to be done except sit here and fret until we get some news. You might as well be in bed. I'll call Hudson to get you a taxi. No, no, Richard, please let me stay. If I went home, I shouldn't sleep. Well, there's not likely to be any more news tonight. - Well, how do you know? - They can't search the countryside for Wreckage in the dark. - Oh, Richard. - We might as well face facts, my dear. First light, they'll send out police and search parties. Go home, Pru, please. I refuse to leave you, Richard. I shall doze here, by the fire. RICHARD: Very well. Very good of you, my dear. Where are you going? I'm worried about the servants. They ought to be in bed. I won't be long. Well, if that's not a nasty hint, I don't know what is. Well, if that's not a nasty hint, I don't know what is. What's that, Rose? ROSE: What it says in the newspapers. "Major Bellamy, a recently qualified pilot, was accompanied on the flight by his young and attractive stepmother, Viscountess Bellamy. Mr. Frank Cropper, an air mechanic, said the couple seemed remarkably happy, the Major smiling as he helped youthful Lady Bellamy to climb up into the rear cockpit and adjust her safety belt." Now what do they have to say a thing like that for? Intimating that there's something... going on between them. HUDSON: Oh, in the circumstances, it's not surprising, Rose, that certain questions are being asked. After all -- my lord! RICHARD: Oh, don't get up, I don't want to disturb you. HUDSON: That's quite all right, my lord. I just want to reassure you that everything possible is being done to trace her ladyship and the Major, and to say there's no need for you all to stay up. Mrs. Bridges gone to bed? HUDSON: Oh, quite some time ago, my lord. She felt too upset to sit in here. Ruby also has gone to her room. I was wondering, my lord, if you and Lady Prudence would like me to bring you up a nice cup a tea. The kettle's on, I was going to make us one. Please don't worry, Rose. Oh, there's no bother. Give me something to do. Very well, it's good of you, thank you -- Frederick. FREDERICK: My lord. RICHARD: I was just saying to Hudson, there's no need for you all to stay up. Not likely to be any more news tonight. I think most of the staff would prefer to stay up just for a wee while longer, my lord, in case there's any... RICHARD: Very well, it's up to you. Rotten business, eh? [Birds singing] [Rose stirs] [Clattering] RICHARD: Rose? ROSE: Oh, oh, beg pardon for disturbing you, sir, but I thought I better open up the rooms because Mr. Hudson let Lily sleep in late this morning, and Daisy, well, she don't get over, not 'til later. RICHARD: What time is it? ROSE: It's gone 7:00. I'm just going to wake the children up. RICHARD: Oh, Rose, Miss Treadwell must not tell the children anything yet. I don't want them unduly upset. ROSE: Very good, my lord. [Telephone rings] No, the -- [Telephone rings] Hello. Who? Oh, Brooklands Aerodrome, yes? Mister -- Mr. Royston, oh yes. One moment, I'll connect you with his lordship. Hold the line. [Telephone rings] Yes? It's the secretary of the Brooklands Flying Club, my lord, a Mr. Royston. You're through. Did they? I -- I see, yes. Well, thank you for letting me know. And you'll let me know if there's any more news. I see. Thank you, Mr. Royston. Goodbye. Oh, Hudson, come in. They've had a message at Brooklands from the Coast Guard people of Swanage on the Dorset coast. The Star Point lighthouse reported seeing a biplane flying low over the sea at approximately 7:00 PM last evening. They couldn't see clearly for the fog and the low cloud or in which direction it was going. And that is all. Well, it couldn't have been James, because he wasn't going anywhere near the sea. RICHARD: He could have been off course. Well, I think it was some other aeroplane. - Hudson. - My lord. Will you please tell them downstairs there's still no more news? - My lord. - I'd like you to carry out your duties this morning as best you can. I shall go to my dressing room and shave. You might tell Rose to open the curtains in her ladyship's room. Lady Prudence will need to go in there and tidy up. PRUDENCE: Oh, no, don't worry about me. You'll need to wash and do your hair and... We'll have breakfast at 9:00. Thank you, Hudson. HUDSON: Very good, my lord. Plane flying low over the sea. I suppose it could have been them. I cannot for the life of me think why. How can we be sure that -- That what? That they had intended to land at Brooklands, that they meant to come back. Richard, what do you mean? - They could have crossed the channel, landed near Paris or somewhere, intentionally. Oh, for heavens sake! I am being absurd, I know I am, but I can't help thinking of every possible, possible -- Are you seriously suggesting that Virginia and James have flown over to Paris on some spree without telling anyone? Oh, really, Richard, I know you're tired and almost out of your mind with worry, but this is preposterous. And it's wicked. RICHARD: Well, Virginia is very young, you know. She's been through it in the war, God knows. She's resilient, full of spirit and courage. She's fond of James and he of her, that much I do know. Fond, yes. But this is just wild, hysterical talk, and you know it. If it sustains you for a little while to imagine them alive and sitting in some shabby little hotel on the Rive Gauche, laughing their heads off at us, well, go on believing it, Richard. I won't spoil your illusion. But don't ask me to share it, please. I don't believe it, not really. Some nagging thoughts kept me awake in the night. I kept thinking of all possible things. She defied me, you know, to go flying with James. It's those wretched reporters with their sneering, malicious implications. You should know better than to allow cheap newspaper gossip to undermine your faith in Virginia and in your son. Oh, how can you believe them capable of such behaviour, Richard, how can you? The same thought crossed your mind last night, do you not remember? Ah, now that was a joke. I admitted it, and I apologized for it. If I'd imagined for a moment such a thing were possible, I would never have suggested it, even in fun. God in heaven. How could such an evil suspicion enter my mind, when they could both be lying dead at the bottom of the sea in the wreckage of an aeroplane? Don't say things like that, Richard, please. I look and feel somewhat dirty. I shall go to my dressing room and change. Give me something to do. I'll tell Rose to show you to Virginia's room. [Door closes] [Telephone rings] [Telephone rings] Lord Bellamy's residence. Who is that, please? Ah, yes, well, this is Lord Bellamy's butler, sir, and I am asked by his lordship to say to any callers from the press that there is no further news of her ladyship and the Major. No, and his lordship has no statement to make, no! Thank you. FREDERICK: His Lordship's had breakfast, Mr. Hudson. And I've cleared away in the dining room. And Lady Prudence had coffee upstairs. Oh, thank you, Frederick. Now I -- I suggest you... polish the Major's riding boots. We must all occupy our hands, the better to keep our minds off the other matter. - Very good, Mr. Hudson. -ls Rose upstairs? FREDERICK: No, she's gone round the chemist for some linctus for Master William. I see. PRUDENCE: Thank you, child. I wonder, could you find me such a thing as a piece of cotton wool? What is your name? - Lily, my lady. - Lily, I see. I'll look in her ladyship's bathroom. Thank you. [Sighs] I look and feel as though I'd spent the night in a cattle truck on the Trans-Siberian Railway. [Sighs] LILY: I've run your bath for you, my lady, and Rose has put out one of her ladyship's bathrobes. Thank you, child. Will that be all, my lady? Yes, you can run along now. Oh, but if you hear any news, come and call to me through the bathroom door. Very good, my lady. [Telephone rings] Go and answer that, would you, Frederick? FREDERICK: Yes, Mr. Hudson. HUDSON: Now, Frederick, be courteous, but tell them that there is no news and his lordship has nothing further to say. Very good, Mr. Hudson. Hello? Lord Bellamy's house. The footman speaking. Pardon, sir? I can't hear you very well, would you mind repeating that? A what? A trunk call? From where? Your voice is very faint, sir. Would you mind repeating that? Oh, I see. Hold on, sir. It's the police, in Bournemouth, Mr. Hudson. Hello, Lord Bellamy's butler speaking. I'm having some difficulty hearing you. The line is very bad. Yes. I'll connect you with his lordship right away. RICHARD: They have? You're certain? Both safe? Well, that's the most tremendous news. I can't tell you what a relief it's been. What? Yes, yes, I understand. LILY: Excuse me, my lady. Oh, my lady, it's not my business to listen, but there's someone on the telephone to his lordship in the morning room, and it sounds as though there's good news. - Oh! - I heard him say, as I was going down to the front door, that it was a Bournemouth policeman. What time at Waterloo? 1117. Yes, yes, I'll have the train met. And thank you indeed for your help. I'm most grateful to you for letting me know. Yes, yes, I'll write to the chief constable, and of course -- yes, yes, thank you, Mr. Royston, goodbye. Well? RICHARD: They're safe. Oh. Where? In a train. On their way back from Bournemouth, of all places. Hudson, the plane landed near Bournemouth, and they're unhurt. God be praised, my lord! They lost their bearings in the fog last night, over the west Country. They flew due south instead of due east and broke cloud over Swanage. The plane ran short of petrol, and Major Bellamy had to land on the mud flats of Poole Harbour. Fortunately, the tide was out. They spent the night in the plane, and in the morning, the Major walked two miles to a cottage where there was no telephone. Someone took him in a pony trap to Bournemouth, where he reported the accident to the police. Oh, that's a mercy, my lord. Yes. Hudson, tell Edward to take the car to meet the 1:17 train at Waterloo. - My lord. - Oh, yes, yes, wait a minute. And they should be here by quarter to 2:00. We'll have to put luncheon back until 2:00. Let Mrs. Bridges know. Very good, my lord. [Door closes] Oh... PRUDENCE: I'm going to leave you now, Richard. I shall have a bath when I get home. Don't go, Pru, must you? Oh, yes, yes, you don't want me now. You've been wonderful, Pru, thank you. Oh, my dear Richard. You know you can always count on me at any time. Anyway, you've got them back, so I'll just retire from the scene. I have my reformed criminals at 2:00 -- no, 2:30. Anyway, I couldn't have lunched. Just give them my love. RICHARD: I will. But you can tell James that if he insists on flying that wretched machine, he's to fly it round and round the aerodrome by himself. I couldn't go through another night like last night. I'm far too old. [Door opens] [Closes] HUDSON: Edward has just left for the station with the car. Oh, there will be smiles and joy upstairs directly! How dare you do this to me! Damn you, both of you! Quite unforgivable. Been out of my mind with worry. JAMES: I'm sorry, father. It was my fault. I should never have attempted Southwold in fog. It came down very quickly. The compass failed me as well. I'm -- I'm very sorry. Oh, Richard. RICHARD: My darling, I'm sorry I shouted at you. I -- you're not hurt, are you, either of you? No, we're not hurt, but you are, and I need your forgiveness. I did a childish, impetuous thing, trying to show my independence, I suppose. I only wanted to spread my wings a little. You must blame me, father. I egged her on to come. She simply got caught up in my enthusiasm, that's all. I'm deeply sorry for all the fuss and worry I've caused you and the servants. I'm sure they'll get over it. JAMES: That goes for me too, father. Well, these things happen, you know. Gives one a chance to examine one's feelings. I suggest we forget all about it and thank God you're back. Oh, yes, thank God. Well, I'll tell Hudson to telephone the newspapers and say that you're both safe and sound. Now, go upstairs and bath and change your clothes, and we'll have luncheon at 2:00. Yes, father. By the way, my plane is only slightly damaged. It will fly again. [Door closes] Will it? Promise me you're not angry any more. RICHARD: My anger was born of sheer, blinding fear, my darling. Ever seen a mother thrash her child for running into the road? The important thing is you're both back. The two people who matter to me most in all the world. Damn you. Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 