Upstairs, Downstairs: Season 4, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Upstairs, Downstairs 
 s4e10 - The Hero's Farewell - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Upstairs, Downstairs (1971–1975): Season 4, Episode 10 - The Hero's Farewell - full transcript 
 The Bellamy household is again invaded by Lady Prudence Fairfax and one of her committees who commandeer the drawing room for yet another fund-raiser, this time for the Red Cross. They have co-opted the services of a well-known actor, Gerald Maitland, to stage a series of tableaux on a war-related theme. Georgina is home on leaves and agrees to portray Florence Nightingale and Prudence even recruits one of the staff to be the central character in the finale. At the final rehearsal however, 165 Eaton Place is extensively damaged in an air raid. Hudson proceeds to his duties as a Special Constable but is wounded and requires hospitalization. The final blow is a telegram advising them that James is missing in action in France and believed killed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) Oh, come on, come on. Get cleared away, my girl, quickly. Good morning, Hudson. Good morning, my lady. I'm afraid Mrs. Bellamy is not at home. We'll just come in for a moment. I just want to show Mr. Maitland the drawing room. Oh, the drawing room, my lady, is -- Sheeted, yes, I know. It's all right. We just want to see the proportions. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Thank you so much. - Sir. Oh, you better keep your coat on, Gerald. - It'll be dreadfully cold. - Ah. HUDSON: But, my lady, I -- It's all right, Hudson. I know the way. There. What do you think? Well, it is quite a large room. Oh, it's beautiful, isn't it? Suit you perfectly. Yes. Oh, I know it's difficult to tell like this, but all the furniture could be taken out. Oh, it would have to be. Excuse me, my lady. Would you care for coffee? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 PRUDENCE: Oh, yes, what a good idea. Gerald? - That would be too lovely. We'll have it up here, Hudson. I think you would be more comfortable in the morning room, my lady. No, no, we'll have it up here. Then we can go on working and planning. My lady. You don't think he's gonna buy the house, do you? I hope not. Here, what's his name, Mr. Hudson? Uh, Mr. Maitland. Not Gerald Maitland, the actor? I believe Lady Prudence did call him Gerald. I saw him once -- Gregory and me. Saw him in a play before the war. We went to a matinee and had tea in the interval. It was a comedy. Ever so funny. Oh, we laughed. And he was lovely. He smoked a cigarette right on the stage. Well, what if he did? We still don't want him buying this house. To the best of my belief, this house is not for sale, Mrs. Bridges. Oh? Then what's he doing looking at the drawing room, then? PRUDENCE: We could build a stage at this end, and then if we moved out all the furniture, got in some little gilt chairs, how many do you suppose we could seat in here, 50? Oh, more than that, I should think. At 2 guineas a head. - Or seat. - Oh, Gerald. GERALD: I wonder if we could get Ivor to play the piano. -Ivor Churchill? - No, no, no. Ivor Novello, the composer of "Keep the Home Fires Burning." PRUDENCE: Ah, yes. Such a talented young man and so beautiful. I do think talented people should be beautiful, don't you? That's what I find so depressing about D.H. Lawrence. He's a disgraceful pacifist and married to a German wife. Oh, worse still, he's so dreadfully ugly. No, I think that if we're going to do this thing at all, it must be simply beautiful, the sort of thing that people will remember long after the war is over. I'm not sure we can set our sights quite as high as that. Oh, Hudson, is someone here? Uh, Lady Prudence and a gentleman, my lord. - They're in the drawing room. - The drawing room? What on earth are they doing there? You heard about poor Basil? Mm. Oh, tragic loss. Cynthia's heartbroken. Still, at least her husband is safe. For the moment. Nowadays one never knows what's going to happen next. Prudence? PRUDENCE: Oh, Richard. We are hatching a little plot and want your approval. This is Gerald Maitland. Gerald, I don't think you've met Lord Bellamy. How do you do? I'm afraid you must think We're taking the most terrible liberties with your beautiful drawing room. Not at all. Rose, what time are you on duty? Oh, 2:00, sir. GERALD: On duty? Rose is a conductorette on an omnibus. Ah, one of our unsung heroines. Rose, you'd better go downstairs if you want to get something to eat before you leave. Oh, this is dreadful. I'm afraid the furniture removing was my idea. Quite all right, sir. Now, what is all this about? Well, now, we were going to have it in Wimborne House, but it was bombed in that dreadful raid. Oh, yes, so I heard. And so many large houses have been hit, as well, a lot of them in that actual raid. The Devonshires, the Yarboroughs, the Vernors, the Salisburys, the Rutlands. Really, one would think the Germans had a map and were picking off the large houses one by one. I think that most unlikely. Well, the result's the same. Hardly a big house left untouched, and those that are mostly turned into hospitals. We were in despair. And then I thought of you. My dear Prudence, what exactly are you planning? A tableau, Richard, a matinee of historical tableaux in aid of the Red Cross. Tableaux? We're getting them up among ourselves. Now, the duchess is writing the words, and Connie and I are to be responsible for all the rest of it. I didn't think there were any words in tableau. Well, you know, an accompaniment, telling people what they're seeing in rhyming couplets. Good heavens. We shall sell tickets at 2 guineas a head and take up a collection, so we should make quite a nice little sum for the Red Cross. Well, surely it'd be much simpler to ask for donations. Oh, I know. That's Hazel's view. No one should ever have any fun over raising money. But it's so unrealistic. People are very poor these days. Except for the poor. They've never been so well off in their lives. But for the rest of us, it is very difficult to get people to put their hands in their pockets. Besides, everyone needs a little amusement. And you think that tableau is -- Oh, my dear Richard, people will always come to see their friends making fools of themselves. Oh, not that that's what We're going to do, of course, because we have our dear Gerald to advise us. So it's all going to be a great success. Now, we can borrow the drawing room, can't we? Well, Prudence, with Hazel away I -- But that's the point -- Hazel's away. And by the time she gets back from Eastbourne, we shall have given our little performance, made a nice little sum for the Red Cross, and given no trouble to anyone. There, that's settled. Now we can really get down to work. Would you care to stay for lunch? I don't know what Mrs. Bridges is planning. We had sausages yesterday, so it won't be that again. Oh, that's awfully kind, but I'm afraid I'm taking Lady Prudence to luncheon at The Ritz. We've been working so hard all the morning. We really feel we've earned it. Salt brisket of beef, and not much of that left, neither. Well, it's all we've got for tomorrow except a bit of bacon. Them dumplings was nice, Mrs. Bridges. All That potato flour's not the same. It's no use pretending it is. I'm off, then. You going to that lecture this afternoon, Mrs. Bridges? I'm not sure. Now, Mrs. Bridges, you promised the mistress. MRS. BRIDGES: I said I'd think about it. I don't want some lady telling me how to manage my kitchen. It might not be a lady, Mrs. Bridges. - It might be a cook. - Oh, well. Let her come and cook here, then, if she's so clever. Mrs. Bridges, I'm sure we all feel that with the king and queen eating patriotic menus -in Buckingham Palace -- - We eat patriotic menus here. There's not a scrap of waste in this household. Might pick up a few tips. I've got plenty of tips of me own, thank you, without theirs. Ah, well, cheerio. Cheerio. If you ask me, Rose has not been improved by her contact with the outside world. 'Course you could send Ruby along instead. MRS. BRIDGES: Ruby? Oh, fat lot of good she'd be. HUDSON: Ah, no. No, I don't imagine Daisy meant instead, but it might not be altogether inappropriate, Mrs. Bridges, for you to go to the war-cookery lecture accompanied by your kitchen maid. Oh. It might, as it were, establish your correct status. Well. Yes. I suppose I could take her along with me, if you think it's my duty. [ Hammering ] [ Hammering ] CONSTANCE: But who is to play Florence Nightingale? Well, Dorothy promised faithfully that she would. Now she's been asked to play the Virgin Mary at the Gaiety, and she flatly refuses to do both. To ask Dorothy to portray the Virgin Mary is like asking Henry VIII to play a celibate monk. [ Laughs] Perhaps that's why the idea appeals to her so much. Oh, Maude's to be Cleopatra. Maude? Well, she's very swarthy. Yes. You'll have to shave her mustache. Otherwise they'll think she's Antony. I thought her husband could pay Antony. Is that the little man with the squint? No, no, no, no, that's her cousin. I thought he could be Nelson. Well, he'll have a patch over one eye. Yes, but which eye? [ Both laugh ] It does seem a pity not to use this. I wonder if I could stick silver paper over it -for a Roman soldier. - Mm. RICHARD: Hello. How's it going? Oh, Connie, that's very attractive. I thought I might wear it as Lady Hamilton. I thought this program was to be called "The Hero's Farewell." Mm, the hero's farewell to his wife or lady love. Nelson and Lady Hamilton, Antony and Cleopatra, Christopher Columbus and Queen Isabella. Christopher Col-- - He's the American gentleman. Oh, yes, yes, of course. You know, in a way, I'm sorry we didn't stick to our original idea of heroines through the ages. We're so dreadfully short of men. - Richard dear -- RICHARD: Oh, no. You won't get me to take part. I've lent you this drawing room on Hazel's behalf, but that is all. I hope that man isn't damaging the plaster. I think I might go to Selfridges' basement and see if I can't find a hat I like better. Oh, now, dear, you know we said that in the interest of economy we wouldn't buy any new costumes but make use of what we had. Oh, but if it's really becoming, then I can wear it afterwards, -and it will be an economy. - Mm. [Sighs ] we still haven't solved our main problem -- who is to play Florence Nightingale. Miss Georgina, what a pleasant surprise. Hello, Hudson. We didn't expect you till next week. I had to change leaves with a nurse who was getting married, and there wasn't time to let you know. - It's nice to see you again. - Thank you, Miss Georgina. -[ Pounding in distance] - What on earth's going on? Don't tell me you've been bombed. No, Miss Georgina. Lady Prudence has, if I may so express it, struck again. [ Both laugh ] Well, what's going on this time? No, no, no, don't tell me. I'll find out for myself. You want your curtains to draw to and fro across here, then? No, no. CONSTANCE: No, people are going to be dressing in there. Oh. I thought you wanted to run your curtains to and fro. Yes, but in front of the stage, you stupid man, not there. Oh. Look, lady, if you're not satisfied with my work, you go and get somebody else. No, no. No, no, come back. CONSTANCE: Wretched man. The working classes have got completely out of hand. We shall never be able to get them to behave themselves again when the war's over. We shall have to get him back, Prudence. You know the trouble we had getting him. We shall have to bribe him. How can we? He's got more money than we have. Oh, you better run after him, Connie, and be simply charming. Well, I'll try. Oh, so sorry. We've lost our carpenter. Oh, hello, Georgi-- The very person we need. I'm not much good at carpentry, I'm afraid. You can be Florence Nightingale. Is someone ill? No, no, in our little performance. Oh, Lady Prudence, I couldn't possibly. Well, I can't act to save my life, and I never could learn lines. Oh, you don't have to. All you do is just stand there in a rather dim light holding a lamp. Tableau, you see. But I -- It's all right. He's just gone to have his dinner. I gave him 2 shillings and told him to have some beer with it. How much do you suppose beer costs? -2 pence, dear. - Oh. But never mind. We've found our Florence Nightingale. Isn't that wonderful? I really think that is the most shocking thing I've read in the newspaper since the war began. Oh, what is, Mr. Hudson? Uh... "Most households have followed Their Majesties' example and are practicing voluntary food rationing. Unfortunately, there are many instances of servants refusing to work in households which practice voluntary rationing." Oh, well, I suppose that is wrong. It certainly is, Daisy. But like Eddie says, I'll keep is part of our wages. That's as may be, but we're all in this together. And I hope the day will never come when servants in this country refuse to do their patriotic duty. All right, Ruby, you can bring it in now. Oh, you've got something special for us today, -have you, Mrs. Bridges? - Oh, we have indeed, Mr. Hudson. Oh, I thought you might have found us a wee rabbit. Oh, rabbits seem to have disappeared. Mm, my driver raises rabbits. He used to sell them. But when they put the controlled price on, he said it wasn't worth it. Now he eats them himself. [ Laughs ] Well, I'm sure this is -- What is it, Mrs. Bridges? Win-the-war pie. Well, that certainly is, uh -- [Spoon clatters] That certainly is. [ Chuckles ] Thank you, Ruby. Don't we get no vegetables? RUBY: The vegetables are all in it. HUDSON: Ruby. Thank you, Mr. Hudson. For what we are about to receive, may the Lord make us truly thankful. - Amen. - Amen. Well, see what you all think of it. I don't expect any of you can guess what's in it. Scraps of fatted bacon, leftover vegetables, stale bread, oatmeal, and vegetable broth. All things I would have thrown out in the normal way. Oh, I am glad we went to that lecture. Uh... Now we can all have a thoroughly wholesome meal and know that we're doing our patriotic duty. Quite. PRUDENCE: I suppose a crusader must wear a breastplate. PRUDENCE: I suppose a crusader must wear a breastplate. We really need this for Antony. GEORGINA: Can't we borrow some armor from the Tower of London or somewhere? It would be rather heavy. Perhaps if Antony wore this tunic and had a sword. We really need a round shield. Oh, when we was children, Miss Georgina, we used to use saucepan lids. Got some big ones downstairs. I simply cannot have Antony saying farewell to Cleopatra carrying a saucepan lid. It wouldn't look like a saucepan lid, my lady. He could use the copper lid. What does that look like, Daisy? Well, it's round -- ROSE: No, saucepan lids would be better. Run and fetch them, Rose. Bring everything that looks like a shield. Then we can decide. Daisy, give me a hand with this. I want it to drape, and I don't know how to do it. Ruby, was there any of that salt brisket of beef left? Yes, Mrs. Bridges, just a scrap. Suppose it'd be cheating to put it in a vegetable pie. Still, I think we'll just pop it in. There were three dumplings left, as well. Oh, well, we can mince them all up together. ROSE: They want some saucepan lids upstairs. Give us a hand, Ruby. I'm busy. Ruby, how dare you speak to your superior in the household in that tone of voice? You just remember your place, my girl. She's working for me, Mr. Hudson. And Rose has no right to give her orders. Here, take these. What's the time? Oh, Lord, I'm gonna be late. You'll have to take them up. And they want the lid of the copper in the drawing room. Rose, I can't go upstairs. A kitchen maid in the drawing room! I've never heard of such a thing. - You take them, Mr. Hudson. -[ Bell rings] Ruby! Come back here. Where have you got to, girl? Come here at once. Take these. I'll see who's at the front door. RUBY: But, Mr. Hudson. Another of the ladies, I suppose. Mr. Hudson, she can't -- Oh. Prudence, what is all this I hear about the rape of Belgium? - Oh, good morning, Duchess. - Good morning. Who is this? Georgina Worsley, Marjorie Bellamy's niece. Oh, she won't do for Belgium, either. No, no. She's playing Florence Nightingale. DUCHESS: Oh, too young. Still, I suppose she'll do. But I absolutely refuse to allow Celia Bidlington to play Belgium. PRUDENCE: Oh? - We need an innocent, open face. Celia looks like a ferret. All those Bidlingtons do. Belgium must be represented by a simple peasant girl. The whole point of the scene is the contrast between the gallant British Tommy and his tender, womanly wife and the brutal Hun with -- Who's playing the brutal Hun? Prudence is. Well, we're rather short of men. But I thought... DUCHESSI Yes. Well, we can keep your back to the audience. Just an impression of jackboots and evil, and beneath your upraised hand, innocent and helpless, a simple country girl, her face full of terror and dismay. [Clattering] All right, now, when I give the signal, the curtains should flow across the stage with a kind of elegant swish. And now! [ Squeaking ] ROSE: Oh, uh, shall I put a drop of oil in it, sir? Anything. Anything you can think of. There, Miss Georgina, how's that? Well, Daisy, I'm sure I look just like the matron at Guys, and no one ever mistook her for Florence Nightingale. Pru, where is everyone? Well, some of them are coming this afternoon. Well, that's useless. You realize we've never yet had the whole cast together at any one time. Now we really must all work together so that the production flows. Well, at least every part is cast now. Well, yes, except -- Georgina, don't you know anyone who could play the Crimean soldier? Um...well, I'm having lunch with Philip Hanning, so -- Eddie's boy. Excellent. Bring him along. But I thought he'd been sent back to France. Yes, but he was wounded again. He's out of hospital now, but -- Well, I know they thought he might have to lose a leg. Oh, that doesn't matter at all. All he has to do is to lie there and look adoringly up at you. Oh, dear, if he does that, I'm sure I shall laugh. Oh, no, you won't. When you hear the Duchess' beautiful words, you won't even think of it. DAISY: Are you in to dinner, Rose? Yes, I am, worst luck. Fagots, Mrs. Bridges? Certainly not! I've never served fagots in this household. Well, they look like fagots. MRS. BRIDGES: Meatless rissoles. How can you make meatless rissoles? Onion, oatmeal, and vegetable broth. I'd rather have fagots. Rose! Hmm. I'm sure Mr. Hudson approves, oatmeal being his national dish. Yes, Mrs. Bridges, but not customarily in rissole form. Cabbage. MRS. BRIDGES: Potato substitute. How can you make potato substitute? Ground rice, flaked maize, and milk. Quite right, Ruby. But only a little while ago they was asking us to use potatoes instead of flour. Ah, but now there's a shortage of potatoes. So they're asking all the better-off households to leave them for the poor. So, now we have another really patriotic meal, and full of nourishment, too. PRUDENCE: That's yours. Celia, that's yours dear. Maude, uh, that's -- No. Yes. Cleopatra's done. I bicycled all the way from Piccadilly. Most invigorating and much cheaper than an omnibus. Pleasanter too. Have you heard about poor Lady Craven? No. She thought she ought to take an omnibus, for the sake of economy, got on at Baker Street, and sat next to a woman who smelled awful. So she said to her, "My good woman, have you a bath at home?" And the woman said, "Yes, but I can't let you use it 'cause there's 10 of us using it already." [ Laughs ] Mavis always was a fool. Suppose the woman had said, "No, I haven't a bath. Can I come and use yours?" Where would she have been then? Ah, Gerald, what are we going to do now? Well, l thought, Duchess, we would go through the whole program in ordinary clothes, and then tomorrow we'll have a dress rehearsal. What is that? PRUDENCE: A trial performance in costume, Duchess. Oh. Oh, I see. And Mrs. Patrick Campbell is coming to give us all advice on makeup. -Is everyone here? PRUDENCE: Yes, all except -- GEORGINA: I'm sorry we're late. We had lunch at the Queens, and it took rather a long time. We didn't have a lot to eat. It just took a long time. The waitress had varicose veins, and Georgina made the mistake of asking her about them. We got a bulletin with every course. PRUDENCE Oh, well, never mind. Now you are here, you're going to help us, Philip, aren't you? Well -- New, you know the duchess and Lady Constance. And this is Mr. Gerald Maitland, who's going to make our little performance look quite professional. [ Squeaking ] Mrs. Bridges, they want Ruby upstairs now. Well, you don't look much, but still, I suppose you'll have to do. I don't want to do it, Mrs. Bridges. You'll do as your told, my girl. And mind, when you get up into the drawing room, no showing off in front of the ladies and gentlemen. Just say, "Yes, my lady," and, "No, my lady." RUBY: Yes, Mrs. Bridges. All right, well, get along with you. And pick your feet up. Ruby in one of their tableaus. Fancy that. Huh! Be having her in moving pictures next. Mr. Hudson, her ladyship said would you step upstairs, too? 'Cause she wants a word with you. GERALD: Now, Major Hanning, if you would just lie down on the mattress. Where's the mattress? - It's all right. I'll just -- - No, no, there's a blanket. GERALD: No, no, no, not like that. Up on your elbow. Ah, Miss Worsley, but where is your lamp? Oh, my lamp. No, hold it up a little, please. Just a little more. Now take one step back. No, no, no, we don't want to have your back to the audience. Turn a little to your left. Your left. - Sorry. I'm really sorry. Duchess. That girl doesn't look like a crusader's wife at all. More like a foxy dunce. GERALD: Duchess? Uh, yes? If you would, just say the words. Oh. Uh, yes. Yes, of course. Uh, "He breathes his last on Balaclava Height, -cheered at the end by -- - Heights. I beg your pardon? It should be Balaclava Heights, not Height. GEORGINA: Well, actually, it should be Scutari. The hospital was at Scutari. DUCHESS: It wouldn't rhyme. Still, if he's in hospital and Florence Nightingale -- Yes, I really think we must leave the words to the author. If you would just pose. Yes, of course. And, Major Hanning, would you look adoringly up at her? PHILIP: Oh, oh, yes. Miss Worsley, try to look sympathetic, full of compassion. GEORGINA: Right. "He breathes his last on Balaclava Height, cheered at the end by one unfailing light. What though his eyes be dim, his forehead damp, -beside him stands the La--" -[ Both laugh] No, really, if you can't take this seriously, I'm afraid I have better things to do. - GEORGINA: I'm terribly sorry. - PHILIP: I'm awfully sorry. [Both laughing] DUCHESS: What extraordinary behaviour. Whatever's the matter with the man? PRUDENCE: Gerald, Gerald! Oh, dear. Oh, well, I suppose he'll come back soon. Ah, Hudson. Yes, my lady. Now, we want to invite you and all the staff to attend the dress rehearsal tomorrow evening. Thank you, my lady. And, Hudson? Yes, my lady. We need your help. Now, we're expecting quite a big audience for the performance, and we wondered whether you and all the other servants would help to show them to their seats. Certainly, my lady. The staff and myself will be happy to assist in any way we can. Oh, good. Edward will be here, too, my lady. Oh, splendid. Oh, and he'll be in khaki. Very suitable since the performance is in aid of the Red Cross. Being at the convalescent home, my lady, Edward is still in his blue uniform, but -- Oh, a poor, wounded solider. [Gasps ] Nothing could be more appropriate. And perhaps Rose could wear her omnibus uniform. I think not, my lady. No, perhaps not. Well, perhaps you, Hudson -- Yes, my lady. Perhaps you could wear a kilt. A kilt, my lady? Oh, I think it would be simply splendid. Like the Highland Regiments, you know. I do not possess a kilt, my lady. Oh, we have one here somewhere. Yes, I think it's a Black watch or something. Begging your ladyship's pardon. I feel it perhaps might not be entirely appropriate as butler here. Oh, well, yes. Perhaps you're right, Hudson. - My lady. Perhaps they wore kilts in the Crimea. So, you're not appearing yourself, Mr. Hudson? Mrs. Bridges, no one could be more anxious than myself to help the war effort and to raise money for the Red Cross, but when Scottish soldiers are fighting at Passchendaele and Ypres, to ask me to masquerade as a member of a Highland Regiment. Quite right, Mr. Hudson. And it wasn't even the correct tartan. [ Indistinct conversations] Come along, everyone. Though this is only a dress rehearsal, let's pretend it's the real thing. Now, can we -- Connie, please. Can we continue? -[ Conversations stop] - Thank you. And curtain. [ Squeaking ] The hero of Trafalgar sinks at last. Here in the Victory, all battles past. Oh, you see that's a little pun on the word "victory" because it refers to the ship and to the battle. Yes, Duchess. Go on, please. - I beg your pardon? - Would you go on? Oh. Oh, yes. Uh, shall I start again at the beginning? No, no, no, no. Just go on. Oh. Uh... Dying, one sight springs up before his eyes. GERALD: Now bring the lights up very slowly. His lovely Emma waving him goodbye. No, not like that. Gradually. Would you bring the lights up very gradually? It must be done very slowly. CONSTANCE: Do we have to wear this heavy makeup? - I feel like a clown. - GERALD: No talking, please. What? Would you hold your pose, Connie, please? Now, let's see if we can get the curtains right this time. Now. [ Squeaking ] And open again. -[ Squeaking] - Applause, applause, applause. And close. [ Squeaking ] And open again. Applause, applause, applause. And close. [ Squeaking ] Yes, well, it will be better when we get the orchestra. [ Indistinct conversations] Mr. Hudson, when does Ruby come on? At the very end, I believe, Mrs. Bridges. Oh, a sort of piéce de résistance. Or a coup de grace. Thank you, Daisy. Are you all right, Eddie? Not too tired? Of course not. There's nothing wrong with me now. All right. [Squeaking crowd groans] He breathes his last on Balaclava Height, cheered at the end by one unfailing light. What though his eyes be dim, his forehead damp, beside him stands the Lady of the Lamp. - Oh. - Very good. [Applause ] [ Squeaking ] EDWARD: Do you want three curtains, sir? GERALD: No, no, no. Onto the finale. Mr. Hudson, what's the finale? I fancy it is Ruby. Oh. Oh, uh, my lord. Oh, no, no, no, no, please. Please stay where you are. - Hello, Uncle Richard. - Hello. - You know Philip. - Well, of course. - How's it going? - Awful. We feel absolute idiots. Oh, yours didn't look too bad. PHILIP: Wait till you see Lady Prudence as a German soldier. Oh, good heavens. What are you going to say in your introduction, sir? My what? Have you seen the program, Uncle Richard? No. "Tableaux in aid of the Red Cross, introduced by the Viscount Bellamy of Haversh- ♪ Oh, no, now, this is too much. W-Where's Prudence? [ Squeaking ] The rape of Belgium by the evil Hun brings to her aid each gallant British son. Forgive me, love. I must to her succor. I love thee not, loved I not honour more. MAN: Ah, very good. Just a minute. Just a minute. Belgium, you're not meant to be smiling. - I beg your pardon, sir. - I've told you before. You're supposed to look terrified. - Oh, yes, sir. - Well, then look it. You're about to be raped, girl, raped. PRUDENCE: Gerald, you're frightening her. I'm trying to frighten her. Am I frightening you? - No, sir. - God Almighty. Will nothing make you look startled and alarmed? [ Explosion ] [ Screaming ] Oh, Mr. Hudson, whatever is it? It's an air raid, Mrs. Bridges. [ Screaming ] Keep calm, everyone! Keep calm! Make your way towards the door and down the stairs. RICHARD: The safest part is in the basement. HUDSON: You lead the way, my lord. [ Indistinct conversations] RICHARD: You know the way. [ Indistinct conversations, screaming ] Mrs. Bridges, would you look out for Ruby? - Oh, yes. - Quickly, quickly. Oh, stop that girl making that extraordinary noise. Really, the working classes have no self-control whatever. She was in the Silvertown explosion. Oh, poor thing. But somebody should stop her. This is just the kind of thing that could cause a panic. [ Explosions, screaming] RUBY: [Sobbing] [indistinct talking] GERALD: We'll get her -- get her downstairs, I think. MRS. BRIDGES: Come downstairs. There you are. Now you're all right. Go down. HUDSON: Oh, control yourself, girl! Control yourself. RUBY: [Screaming] Hello. Are you all right? Yes. Are you? Frightened out of my wits. Otherwise all right. I think we'd better go downstairs. HUDSON: ls there anyone in here? Someone's hurt. Hudson. HUDSON: One of the young ladies, Miss Georgina. Cut with broken glass, I fancy. Do we have a first-aid kit? Downstairs, Miss Georgina. PHILIP: Here, I've got you. HUDSON: Now, you'll be all right, my dear. Go carefully now. Easy as you go now. Careful, careful. [Explosions continue] DUCHESS: [ Laughs ] we're going into the bowels of the earth. Oh, where are we all going to sit? Uh, excuse me, Your Grace, I think you'd find it more comfortable in the servants' hall. Oh, thank you so much. Daisy, have we got any oil lamps anywhere? Oh, I know where they are. I'll get some. DUCHESS: Oh, there you are, Connie, Prudence. Now, come along. We can sit 'round the table. What shall we play? Gibbets or poker? [ Laughter] Do you suppose we're safe here? Oh, they say the basement's the best place. We shall all end up by living in the servants' quarters. PRUDENCE: I didn't hear any aeroplanes. Did you, Richard? CONSTANCE: I suppose it was a zeppelin raid. Well, then why was there no air-raid warning? I think there should be a question asked in the House. - Yes, I do. -[ whistle blows] MAN: Air-raid warning, air-raid warning! Ah. Oh, well, now we know. I'll do it, Eddie. EDWARD; Oh, God. Eddie. I'm all right, Daisy. Let's go in there under the stairs. No, I'm all right, Daisy. But I'm frightened of the bombs. Please, let's go in there. We'll be all right in there. Come on. They're not bombs, Daisy. They're guns. Whatever they are, I'm frightened of them. Put your arm 'round me, and then I'll be all right. ROSE: Mrs. Bridges. Ruby all right? GERALD: You really must try and pull yourself together. RUBY: [Screaming] ROSE: Ruby, it's all right. They're guns, and they're on our side. - Now, come on. - You'll be quite safe here. The poor girl is quite hysterical. What can we do to help her? Now then, Ruby, that's enough of that. Come put some kettles on and help me make the tea. Yes, Mrs. Bridges. [ Both laugh ] There, I think you'll find that's all right. It's not a very deep out, and it's stopped bleeding. I do hope it won't leave a scar. So tiresome for evening dress. Oh, thank you so much. Really, Prudence, with those devils raining bombs down on us, it's too bad of you to sit there wearing their uniform. Well, I can't very well take it off. You might at least take the helmet off. Oh, I expect Prudence thought it might give her some protection. Well, exactly. Oh, well, if you insist. [ Explosion ] - Aah! -[ Laughter] I'm not nearly as frightened as I thought I would be. Such a relief. I've never been this close to a raid before, and one always wonders how one will behave under fire. [ Laughter] I will leave you in charge, Mrs. Bridges, under his lordship's command, of course. You're never going out in this? I shall probably not be able to reach my own headquarters, but it is my duty to report to the nearest police station. No, no, Mr. Hudson. Don't go outside. It isn't safe. I am accustomed to being out in raids, Mrs. Bridges. I shall be perfectly all right. Now, don't allow any of the guests to leave before the all clear. Sir. How kind. Aren't you going to have a cup? I'll have mine later, sir. Well, have one now. Sit here and keep me company. Oh...all right. Are you frightened? No, I'm not. Perhaps I should be, but I'm not. You see, I said you were a heroine. It innit that, sir. You see, I've been through quite a lot of raids on my omnibus, and, well, I reckon either you're gonna get it or you're not. You're very brave. And very pretty. I'm not, sir. Has no one ever told you you're pretty? Well... I'm sure there's some gallant soldier looking forward to coming home to you when the war's over. Well, I was engaged to be married, sir, but he was killed. I'm so sorry. It's quite all right, sir. I'm getting used to it. Perhaps that's the worst of it. Oh, you must have hated our charade. No, I thought it was beautiful. - Mm? - Mm. But not very real. NO, but I think -- What? Well, it's difficult to put into words, but I think sometimes it does people good to see something that innit too real. Does it? Perhaps it does. Well, I'd best go and see if anyone wants another cup. [Explosions continue] [Breathing heavily] Are those guns or bombs? Guns, most of them. They say most of the casualties are caused by our shrapnel than by their bombs. Perhaps we should just let them come. They can as far as I'm concerned. Might as well be killed here in comfort. I'm only joking. Are you? I hate it down here. Shall we go upstairs? Yes, let's. Oh, it might be a bit dangerous. What does that matter? Let's go and see what's going on. Yes. I must say, I'd much rather be up on the parapet than down in the dugout. I suppose I'll be hearing this in France next week. But you've been wounded once and gassed once. You shouldn't have to go back. Oh, well, they've only got so many cards to play. And they have to keep on playing them even if they are a bit dog-eared. [ Explosion ] That was a bomb. I wonder where it fell. Piccadilly? The trouble is, every time, you think, "Oh, well, I'm still alive this time," and each time you think it, it gets harder to go back again. You know what I thinks worst? I have the feeling that all our friends who have been killed are only dead for the duration, that after the war, they'll all come back again. But they won't. My God, look! It's a zeppelin! I've never seen one before. Shall we fetch the others? No. Let's enjoy it ourselves. [Explosions continue] It's been hit! Oh, marvellous. There are men in there. Yes. They did come to drop bombs. PHILIP: Yes. GEORGINA But still, I-- Frizzled to death, poor devils. MAN: All clear! All clear! All clear! Well, we're still alive this time. Let's go and dance in the street to prove it. Yes, let's. [ Indistinct conversations] Suppose there's any chance of a taxi? GERALD: You should have brought your bicycle, Duchess. RICHARD: Mind where you walk. DUCHESS: I wouldn't dream of riding my beloved bike. There'll be much too much broken glass about. Ooh, we'd better come and collect our clothes tomorrow, if there's anything left of them. Oh, Prudence, you simply cannot Walk through the streets like that. Everyone will think there's been an invasion. RICHARD: Here, Prudence, take my overcoat. Oh, thank you, Richard. RICHARD: Connie. - CONNIE: Oh. Goodbye, sir. [ Indistinct conversations] Goodbye. PRUDENCE: I'm sorry about the house, Richard. That's all right, my dear. I'm sure we can patch it up. The important thing is that no one was seriously hurt. Good night, Lord Bellamy. Good night, Mr. Maitland. [ Door closes] I feel really ashamed of myself, Daisy. Whatever for? Well. It was hearing those guns again. Took me right back. - Well, I'm glad. - Glad? Well, everything that happened to you out there, I-I couldn't share it, but this, well, we was in this together. Daisy, you're the best little wife a man ever had. [Both chuckle] It's just as well Mr. Hudson didn't see us all cuddled up in there. Oh, Mr. Hudson -- What does he know about it? He's not even in the army. Ruby, stack up all them cups. I want them all washed up before we go to bed. Oh, Mr. Hudson should be back soon. [ Door opens ] Oh, I think I hear him now. Oh, Mr. Hudson, I am pleased to see you. RUBY: The light's still off, Mr. Hudson. - Ah. -ls there very much damage? Another bomb fell at Hyde Park Corner. Oh. Quite a number of people were killed and injured. Oh, dear. They'd left the shelter before the all clear. And that was just when the bomb fell. Oh. I expect them devils did it on purpose. Anyway, you sit down, and Ruby and I will get you a nice cup of tea. Daisy, give Ruby a hand with them cups. Yes, Mrs. Bridges. I'll give you a hand, love. Oh, that's better. Mr. Hudson. Mr. Hudson. Are you all right? Eddie. Mr. Hudson? Mr. Hudson. Hey, look, he's been covered in blood, look. He's been hit, Daisy. Quick, go and tell his lordship. ROSE: I've laid breakfast in the study. Miss Georgina ain't stirring, but the master's up. Oh, the master said he's gonna find out which hospital it is. Don't worry, Mrs. Bridges. He'd come 'round before they took him away. RUBY: Mrs. Bridges. Oh, whatever is it now? Mr. Hudson. - DAISY: Oh. - Glad to see you, Mr. Hudson. - Thank you, Edward. - How you feeling? MRS. BRIDGES: I can't believe it. Why aren't you in hospital? Oh, there was no need for that, Mrs. Bridges. Besides, all the beds were needed for the more serious casualties. - Let me help you with your coat. - Oh, thank you, Edward. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh, your poor arm. Oh, there's nothing wrong with my arm, Mrs. Bridges. They just said I should wear a sling for a week or 10 days to make sure the bleeding didn't start up again. Where exactly was you hurt, Mr. Hudson? Oh, it's a graze from a piece of shrapnel. Along my ribs, just below the shoulder blade. I thought I felt a blow there when I was helping to get a woman out of the rubble. I think you was a real trump to go on the way you did after you'd been hurt. I just did my duty, Edward, as you have done yours. Well, now, would you like some breakfast? No. No, thank you. I had something at the hospital. What are you giving us for our dinner today, Mrs. Bridges? Win-the-war pie? No. I'm going to ask Rose to slip 'round to her driver and get one of his rabbits. We'll have rabbit stew for our dinner. That'll set you up. Oh. [ Chuckles ] That's right, clear away the glass, and down there, Daisy. And then come over here when you're finished in that area. Hudson. Rose told me you were back. - I'm delighted to see you. - Oh, thank you, my lord. Surely you should be in bed? No, no, my lord, no need for that. They said at the hospital that I had lost rather a lot of blood and that was why I was overcome. Well, you must take things easily. I shall feel a great deal better, my lord, if we can get the house looking more habitable before the mistress sees it. Quite sure Mrs. Bellamy won't worry too much about the condition of the house once she knows that we are all safe. Well, if you really feel fit for it, perhaps we can go upstairs and look at the damage so we can decide what's best to be done. Certainly, my lord. -[ Knock on door] ROSE: I'll go, Mr. Hudson. HUDSON: I think we'd be well advised to have it all boarded up. What about... ROSE: Mr. Hudson. It's a telegram. For the mistress. James? RICHARD: "Regret to inform you, Major the Honorable J.H. Bellamy MC... ...missing, believed killed." Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 