Upstairs, Downstairs: Season 4, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Upstairs, Downstairs 
 s4e9 - Another Year - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Upstairs, Downstairs (1971–1975): Season 4, Episode 9 - Another Year - full transcript 
 As 1917 approaches everyone, both upstairs and downstairs, are hopeful that the new year will be better than the one coming to an end. Richard is shocked when he receives a note from 10 Downing St. offering him a peerage in the King's New Year's Honours List. He accepts and on the advice of Sir Geoffrey Dillon, takes the title Viscount Bellamy of Haversham. He also receives a visit Virginia Graham, a war widow who is hoping to enlist his aid in a fund-raising effort to pay the education fees of children whose fathers have died in the war. Richard is not at his best and dismisses her somewhat curtly, something he later learns to regret. Edward returns on leave but he is not a well man. When Richard finds him sitting on the stairway in tears, he realizes he is suffering from shell-shock and ensures he is well taken care of. After a munitions factory blows up, a familiar face returns to 165 Eaton Place. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) Oh. [Clears throat] These blessed Christmas decorations. I can't dust properly with all them bits of holly -and that everywhere. - Well, you can't take them down, not till Twelfth Night. It's unlucky. Friday week you can. Daisy, I've got a letter for you. Ooh! Oh, give it here, Rose. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Come on! Is it Eddie? Oh, yes, it is. Here, are you gonna leave your dustpan and brush on the stairs? Yes, I am, Rose. [Sighs] Letter from Eddie, Mrs. Bridges. - MRS. BRIDGES: Go on. - First one for three weeks. What's he say? [ Chuckles ] No doubt we'll be informed in due course. Oh, he's coming home! He's got leave! - What's today?! December the 27th. why? "Leave boat sails early 31st." New Year's Eve. That's Sunday. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He'll be here Sunday night, then. - Yes, with a bit of luck. Daisy, what's the matter, girl? - Are you hurt? - Hurt, Mr. Hudson? I heard you crying out as if you were in pain. She's had a letter from Edward. He's gonna be here Sunday night. Oh, that is good news, Daisy. A fine start to the New Year, eh? He hasn't got hisself wounded, has he? ROSE: Who, Mrs. Bridges? Edward. I thought I heard Daisy crying. Well, she was, but with joy and happiness. Edward is coming home on leave next Sunday, Mrs. Bridges. [Chuckling ] Oh, well, that's all right, then. Oh, perhaps 1917 is gonna be a bit better all 'round than 1916. Let's hope so, anyhow. He says he's been in the thick of it but he's all right and hopes we're all in the pink. "Poor Charlie, my pal as was best man at the wedding..." - Charlie. Go on. -"...caught a packet in his bum". Oh. Oh, I say. "But the M.O. sent him to the CCS. But he come back last week fit for duty again, but he can't sit down no more and has to stand up to eat his dinner." [ Laughter] Poor old Charlie, eh? What else does he say? "The food out here's that nasty. When I get home, I'll look forward to eating Mrs. Bridges." Oh! Cheeky as ever. Oh, sorry. I didn't see the rest of it. It's, "When I get home, I'll look forward to eating Mrs. Bridges' steak-and-kidney pie." That's more like it. Any more? That's all, just... Rest a bit personal? - Yeah. - Quite right, Daisy. Well, we've all got work to do. Get on with your duties. "Mrs. Charles Hamilton." You'd better show her in, Hudson. Very good, madam. [ Door opens ] Mrs. Hamilton, madam. It is kind of you to receive me. I... Oh, my goodness. I seem to have dropped a glove. - I wonder... - Let me. Oh. Thank you. Not at all. How do you do? How do you do? I'm so sorry. I came down from lnverness on the night train, and I'm -- I'm still not quite awake yet. Do sit down. Thank you. It is difficult to sleep well on a train. Yes, isn't it? Especially if one's berth is over a wheel, which mine was. Oh, anyway, I must explain why I wanted to call on you. Yes. Actually, it's -- it's your husband I really wanted to see. I need his help. - HAZEL: My husband's help? - Yes, I... Well, I've traveled down specially from Scotland to see him. I'm afraid my husband is in France, in the trenches. Oh, I... I didn't know that. B-But I thought -- He's commanding a machine-gun company in the front line. He's a soldier. I expect the war seems rather remote and far away from lnverness. [ Chuckling ] It is a bit. Oh, we never see a zeppelin up there -or hear a gun. - No, you wouldn't. Except on the grass moors, of course. I don't think you've mentioned yet, Mrs. Hamilton, in what way you feel my husband can help you. Oh, no. Yes, well, I've heard he's a very kind man, and I-it's a scheme I've become interested in. Oh, actually, We're a committee of navy wives. - HAZEL: Officers' wives? - Yes. And we're trying to raise a fund to collect money for the children of naval officers killed in action. It's to help pay their school fees. So many naval officers leave so little money, you know. My husband is not particularly Well off, Mrs. Hamilton. And, as I told you, he is in the army. Much as I'm sure naval widows do need money, I... I just wonder why you've come to us. Yes, so do I. I'm awfully sorry, but, you see, I was under the impression that, well, that he was something to do with the navy. Oh, dear. I wonder if I've been given the wrong "Mr. Bellamy." This is 165 Eaton Place, isn't it? Yes, it is. And it suddenly occurs to me that it is my father-in-law you want to see, Richard Bellamy. Oh. HAZEL: I'm married to his son, James, who is in the army. Oh, yes, oh, dear, of course. My father-in-law is Civil Lord of the Admiralty. And my dear old father-in-law looked up the address for me. So much for fathers-in-law. Do you think yours will be in soon? It depends on his work, but he's lunching in, so he should be here soon. I am so anxious to see him. Would you care to stay for lunch? Oh, no, that's awfully kind of you, but... well, I have lots to do and various people to see. I'm only in London for two days. - It was just to ask him to... -[ Door closes] Well, there he is now. MRS. HAMILTON: Oh, good. Well, if I may s-stay and speak to him... Of course you may. Ah, Richard, may I introduce Mrs. Hamilton, who's called, hoping to see you? - How do you do? - How do you do? I thought you were your son. - Wasn't it stupid of me? - Oh, indeed? I've explained the family situation to Mrs. Hamilton now, and she has a request to make to you. I see. Are you lunching with us? Uh, well, um, no. She has lots to do and people to see. Have you offered Mrs. Hamilton some sherry? No, I haven't. we -- We were rather too busy talking. Do forgive me. Would you care for some sherry? Thank you. Uh, won't you sit down? Thank you. So what is your request, Mrs. Hamilton? Well, I was telling your, uh, your -- your daughter-in-law that a group of navy wives -- most of us live in Scotland -- well, we're trying to raise a fund to... Oh, thank you. ...a fund, uh, to educate or, well, to help educate, the children of naval and marine officers killed in action. Uh, I-is this connected in any way with the Naval and Marine Orphans Home in Portsmouth? No. No, not at all. Well, it's just an idea some of us had, and -- and being chairman of the committee, I volunteered to come to London to ask the Admiralty to, well, to sponsor the scheme, sort of give us its blessing... ...and perhaps provide some money to supplement the privately raised funds. I see. I think Mrs. Hamilton hoped you might be able to get their scheme official Admiralty backing and provide lists of deserving cases from... From the records. Yes. RICHARD: we have a department that deals with such matters. I'll, uh, I'll write the details down for you. Oh. How kind. T-Thank you. I think Mrs. Hamilton was hoping -- RICHARD: I suggest you put your request in writing to the clerk concerned. The request will be forwarded, in due course, to the Board of Admiralty for their consideration. That's the address to write to. Thank you. I will write at once. There's nothing I could persuade you to do, I suppose, in the way of speeding things up? As Civil Lord. Well, we have many requests of this nature. We can't give priority to any one scheme. No. Well... Allow me. Thank you. Before I return to Scotland tomorrow night, I will write to Mr. Price and hope for the best. Thank you very much for your help, Mr. Bellamy. It seems such a long way to come. All the way from lnverness for just a scrap of paper. Oh, that's all right. I've called on one or two relatives. Oh, and my sister is taking me to see "Chu Chin Chow." Have you seen "Chu Chin Chow," Mr. Bellamy? No, I haven't. Would you show Mrs. Hamilton out, please, Hudson? Very good, madam. Goodbye, and thank you very much once more for being so kind. Goodbye. I do hope you achieve what you want. Education is very important. Goodbye. You've been very helpful. Lunch won't be long. I am not particularly hungry. You weren't particularly kind to that poor woman. I was polite. Irritated, perhaps. I'm sick and tired of these wretched women endlessly pestering one with requests for favours. "Can you get my son posted to another ship when you speak to the First Lord about my husband's leave?" "Can you do something about the food at Dartmouth?" "Can you do this?" "Can you do that?" It's the price one pays, I suppose, for holding ministerial office. Well, let's hope the clerk you told her to write to can help her. Oh, if her case is worthy of consideration, -something will be done. - Yes. - What's the matter, Richard? - Why do you ask? You're not well-tempered today. Carson! What in God's name do they think a criminal lawyer from Ulster can possibly know about naval affairs? I believe Carson to be a more able man than Balfour. In wartime, surely it is more important to have an able First Lord than an able foreign secretary. I can't agree with you. He's not able. He's no idea how to deal with these German U-boats. Yet he won't approve of the convoy system, which every sailor I've spoken to approves of. Lloyd George would do with some more imaginative Liberals in his government. They won't come in. Asquith, Montagu, Samuel...none of them. Would you have preferred Churchill again to Carson? RICHARD: Churchill? No. What difference would it have made, anyway? Lloyd George is a dictator without friends. Still, if he can bring the war to an end, the best of Welsh luck to him. Perhaps 1917 will see an end to it all. I wish I could believe that. You've got the blues, too, haven't you? [ Chuckles ] Well, we must cheer up and try and bear it all. Pack up your troubles in your old kit bag, and smile, smile, smile. I know it's not easy with James out there and the household problems. I can bear it. Oh, listen. I've got tickets for the Masevich concert tomorrow afternoon at the Queen's Hall. - Why don't we go, you and I? Richard! I'll take the afternoon off. - Could you? - Yes. Some good music might divert our minds from this wretched war, for a couple of hours at any rate. Oh, dear Richard, what would I do without you? [Chuckles softly] I just want to see you smile. I think I'll have some more sherry. It's funny, you know, I'm so much more worried about James this time. You see, Richard, on his last leave, for all sorts of reasons, I found a new respect for him which makes me love him so much more. I really love him. I'm glad. That's as it should be. After all, he is your husband. Yes. By special messenger, sir, from 10 Downing Street. From the Prime Minister's principal private secretary. Oh, good heavens. What is it? Richard. I've been offered a peerage, a viscountcy in the New Year's honours. How well deserved. How right! Oh, Richard, I'm so happy for you! - Well, I-l... - It's wonderful news! I have to agree to accept it, you know. Well, of course you will. I've got Arthur Balfour and Bonar Law to thank for this. Will there be an answer, sir? -Is the messenger waiting? - No, sir. Well, I'll send a note 'round by hand later on. I would be very pleased to deliver your reply to Downing Street personally, sir, if you could spare me. Certainly, Hudson. - Sir. Hudson, this must remain confidential until New Year's Day. Should I not inform the staff, sir? - What do you think, Hazel? - I think they can be trusted. Very well, Hudson. But it must not be communicated to the press or anyone outside this household. You must tell them that downstairs. Very good, my lord. Oh, I-l think that had better wait, just until New Year's Day. Very good, sir. -[ Chuckles ] -[ Door closes] [ Laughs ] That's made his day. - It's rather made mine, too. - And mine. Oh, now, I must get my hat on. I'm due at the Red Cross parcels place at 11:00. Oh, Richard. Richard, I'm so pleased for you, so very pleased. [ Door opens ] [ Door closes] HUDSON: Sir Geoffrey Dillon is here, sir. RICHARD: Ah, Geoffrey. Richard, my dear fellow. I was passing your door on my way to see a client in Belgrave Square, and I decided to drop in and tell you -some excellent news. - Oh? Something I heard last night in the Carlton Club. Just the usual sort of idle, political gossip, I suppose? - You could call it that. - Well, do go on. They're saying that you're to be offered a viscountcy. I have been. Just now. Well, there we are. Congratulations, Richard. - Thank you, Geoffrey. Well -- Well, do sit down, unless you're in a hurry. No, I think I can spare a minute for a new member of the peerage. I've always been something of a snob. So, what title will you take? Oh, good lord, man, I've only just heard. I haven't even accepted yet. I'm not sure I want to accept an honour from Lloyd George. But, my dear fellow, you must accept. It's an honour from the sovereign, not the prime minister. Now, about your title. What's the name of that village in Norfolk -Where your father was curate? - Upper Burnham Trenton. No, no, that won't do. Give me another village nearby. Haversham, two miles away. That will do very nicely. Viscount Bellamy of Haversham. Lady Southwold will approve of that. How do you know I'm going to approve of your suggestion? Because I am your legal advisor, dear fellow. You'll need me to guide you through the heraldic channels and into the ways of the upper house. Viscount Bellamy of Haversham. It's a damn good title, has style and dignity. I wouldn't mind it myself. Oh, you'll get your reward in time, Geoffrey. In fact I'm rather surprised that Bonar Law didn't put you on his list this time. What me, with Northcliffe as a client? [ Chuckles ] The King would never stomach it. And talking of the King, I'm told he's making Hague a field marshal. If that isn't a slap in the eye for Lloyd George, I don't know what is. Well, I must be on my way. Now, get that letter of acceptance written and take my advice about your style. "Viscount Bellamy of Haversham." It'll sit well on you. Yes, I think it will. Well, Richard, old man, you've done it. You've served your country well, and they've rewarded you for it. This can bring only credit and honour, not only upon you, but on your late wife's family, and I mean that. Well, I must stop making speeches and get on my way. [Telephone rings] Hello? Yes, Hudson? It's the Admiralty for you, sir, the First Lord's office. RICHARD: Oh, yes, put him through, will you? One moment, sir, if you please. It's Carson's office. Offering his congratulations, no doubt. I suppose so. Hello? Oh, yes. Yes, Harry. Oh, I see. When? Is - Is this something to do with the New Year's honours? What other matter? Well, I've no idea if you have... Well, it's not very convenient. I was going to a concert this afternoon. Now I shall have to cancel it, won't I? Very well, then, if he insists. Three O'clock. Thank you. Well, as you probably gathered, that wasn't Carson's office. It was Harry Steel, his private secretary. What did he want? Apparently, Carson wants to see me this afternoon at 3:00, urgently. I was taking Hazel to a concert. She'll be bitterly disappointed. Not having you on the carpet, I hope, is he? I have no idea. - What are you doing wrong? - Nothing, as far as I know. I don't want to depress you, Richard, but, uh...a peerage is one way of getting rid of a minister. Now you've come to mention it, yes, it is. I was under the impression that Carson was telephoning me to offer his congratulations. Now I'm not so sure. I wonder why he didn't speak to me personally. Doesn't usually put his secretary on the line -- not to me. Do you think it can really mean the sack? Well, you'll know this afternoon, won't you? Yes, I will. Well, don't ring. I-l can find my own way to the front door. Major, the honourable James Bellamy, M.C. "Honorable"? Well... Well, it sounds ever so noble. You don't seem very pleased about it, Mr. Hudson. After all, it's not every day the master gets made a lord. In politics, Daisy, a peerage may be less of an honour than is sometimes supposed. Well, I don't understand that. ROSE: No. What do you mean, Mr. Hudson? To send a man to the upper house to sit among the peers, Rose, is traditionally one way of removing him from ministerial office and the everyday affairs of the House of Commons. You mean to say they're making Mr. Bellamy a lord -to get rid of him? - But they only just made him Civilian what's-It in the Admiralty only just last year. What makes you think he's getting turned off, then? Turned off, Rose, is not exactly the correct term for the dismissal from office of a minister of the crown. Well, what makes you think he's being given the elbow? Rose. I have my own private reasons for surmising that the master, for one reason or another, is not in Sir Edward Carson's good books. Who's in whose what? Oh, it was nothing, Mrs. Bridges. Daisy, fetch some more hot water. Fill up the teapot for Mrs. Bridges. Sharp now. And no more conjecture, Rose. - Oh! - What about? About the master's elevation to the peerage. Oh, that. I shan't say nothing about that. Richard... That damn woman! I'll strangle her. - What? - That -- That woman who came here yesterday about some wretched education fund for naval officers' children. - Mrs. Hamilton? - Yes. The one you were rather curt with? Curt, yes. Unhelpful it now seems. - HAZEL: well, what do you mean? - I've just had the most unpleasant 10 minutes with Carson. If you can believe such a thing possible, that -- that woman... - Mrs. Hamilton. - Yes, Mrs. Hamilton. Apparently, she met the First Lord dining somewhere last night only a few hours after leaving this house, told him she'd been to see me and that I had been most unhelpful and offhand. And then went on about her education fund to him. Then that was very sensible of her. You did nothing for her but give her the name of some Admiralty clerk to write to. I've got other rather more important things to do, thank you very much, than listen to stupid, scheming, pushing women. Richard, she wasn't stupid. She went over your head to your superior. I don't call that stupid. - Has she got what she wanted? - All I can tell you is that Carson has asked me -- ordered me -- to take up the woman's case, have it gone into, and report to him personally Within a week. - Good for her. - I think it's outrageous and immoral that such a matter should merit the full attention of a minister in the middle of a war. The sea's infested by U-boats, merchant shipping going to the bottom every hour of the day and night. Who the hell does he think she is?! She must have appealed to him somehow. Yes, well I'll tell you who she is, if it interests you. - It explains quite a lot. - Oh? Steel told me as I was leaving. Her father-in-law happens to be the second cousin of Admiral Beaty's. So that's it. Yes, and I object most strongly that any woman can go behind my back to Sir Edward Carson and accuse me of being unhelpful and offhand. - But, Richard, you were. - What? - Unhelpful and offhand. - Are you taking her part? T-This creature who comes barging in here and -- What is it, Hudson? Mrs. Hamilton is here to see you, sir, if you are available. - No, I am not. - Yes, you are. You must be, Richard. Be sensible. Shall I show the lady in, madam? You can't send her away. Very well, Hudson. Show her in, please. My God, she's got a nerve. Yes, she has. Mrs. Hamilton. Mr. Bellamy, you must forgive me coming back so soon just when you thought you'd seen the last of me. RICHARD: Not at all. - Mrs. Bellamy. If you'll excuse me, I'll, uh, go to my room and write some letters while you talk to my father-in-law. Won't you sit down, Mrs. Hamilton? -[ Door closes] - Thank you. Well? I've come to apologize. Oh. I was very distressed when I left your house yesterday and rather angry. And I'm awfully sorry, but, you see, this education scheme is terribly important to me. Oh, well, not so much for my own children. Michael, my eldest, is already serving as a midshipman and my other two children's fees are paid for by their grandfather. Oh, but there are so many deserving cases. I am well aware of the merits of your scheme, Mrs. Hamilton. Furthermore, I have been instructed by the First Lord to give you all the assistance l can, which I will do. But what I object to most strongly is your choosing to go to Sir Edward Carson behind my back and accuse me of being unhelpful and offhand. That is what I've come to see you about, to apologize. It was a wretched thing to do, only I was so angry and frustrated. Well, you don't have to be now. After all, you got what you wanted. Yes. But it was an unfair way of getting help. I am deeply ashamed, and I do ask you to forgive me. Please, Mr. Bellamy. Well... there's nothing to forgive. I shall [Clears throat] look into your scheme and report to my chief, as directed. That is kind. The -- The committee will be so grateful when I tell them. Who are the members of your committee? Oh, we're just a handful of jolly navy widows, all living more or less 'round lnverness. Oh, but the scheme is to operate throughout the service. You are war widows? - Yes. - All of you? Yes, that's right, all of us. Hannah [indistinct] and I started it. Her husband went down in the Monmouth, with Charles. Hannah and I became great friends, and -- and we decided that we wanted to do something that our husbands would have approved of, a sort of memorial to them. Well, I must go now. I have to catch the night train back. It was just to say how sorry I am to have made such a fuss. Please try to understand and -- and forgive me. Yes, of -- of course. I'll ring. Oh, education, of course, is, uh, very, very important. And I'll give your scheme my fullest attention, - I can assure you of that. - Thank you. Perhaps when you are next in London, you would care to ring me at the Admiralty and I would be very pleased to give you a report. Oh, that is kind of you but I shan't be coming south again until Michael's ship docks for boiler cleaning. Then he gets some leave. He wants to see all the shows in London. I'm sure he does. Well, goodbye, Mr. Bellamy. Goodbye. [ Door closes] [ Door opens ] That was a short visit. - She only came to apologize. - What for? Telling tales about me to the First Lord. That was very brave of her. To tell tales? To come and apologize. Oh, it was the least she could do. - I liked her. - Did you? Yes. Well, she's going back to Scotland tonight. So we shan't be troubled again, thank God. Do you really mean that? Sorry we missed our concert this afternoon. Yes. RICHARD: we must try and find another one, next week. Yes. ROSE: There. I've made room in the cupboard for him ROSE: There. I've made room in the cupboard for him to hang up his things. DAISY: Thanks. And thanks for giving up the room, Rose. Oh, I'll probably sleep better in Edward's room. -[ whistle blows] - There's the whistle. ROSE: Well, go and answer it. Yes? Coming! He's here, Rose! He's here! All right, all right, steady. Eddie. Eddie. - Whatcha, Daisy? -[ Laughs ] Oh, well. We'll go through and have our tea, Edward. Aye. Bring your cup through when you're done, Edward. ROSE: Hello, Edward. Have a good journey? Um, y-yes, thanks, Rose. Look, I-I'll see you all in a tick, eh? Mm. You all right, then? Yes, thanks. [Chuckling ] Eddie, I can't hardly believe it. I-I've got a whole fortnight off, I have. Oh, we'll have to go out and have some fun together, eh? [Laughing] Eddie! Tell me, have you been a good girl? Oh, what do you think? I hear the master's been made a lord. That's right. We're having a celebration in the servants' hall tonight to welcome in the New Year and you being back on leave. Mrs. Bridges has baked a nice cake special, and we're having Mrs. Hall's housemaid in. And do you remember Jack, the odd-job man from 169? He's coming. So... we'll make a nice party and have some laughs, eh? Mm-hmm. Mrs. Bellamy's letting us have some champagne. Oh, that sounds all right. Oh, Eddie. Daisy... Shall we go and have our tea with the others, eh? Yes, all right. Oh, look, tomorrow I'll have to go out to walthamstow to see my folks. Can you get the afternoon off? Well, I'll have to ask Mr. Hudson. No, I'll ask him. Yes, all right. [ Indistinct conversations in distance ] [ Laughter] Oh, and you remember Herne Bay. Ruby got a wasp in her bloomers, and Mrs. Bridges fell in and nearly drowned! [ Laughter] You may have thought I was drowning, Rose! What's the time? Oh, uh... It's seven minutes to midnight, if my watch is correct. - DAISY: That late already? - Nearly 1917. Oh, we mustn't mi-- [ Coughs ] Oh, pardon me. We mustn't miss the New Year coming in. [ Laughter] Let me give you a drop more, Mrs. Bridges. Oh, dear, no. Now you'll have me half seas over. She is already! Ladies and gentlemen, I want you all to raise your glasses to our returning hero, Edward. - ALL: Edward. - HUDSON: welcome home, my boy. Welcome home. ROSE: Speech. Come on. - Mm. Come on, a wee speech. [Banging] Mr. Hudson, Mrs. Bridges, Daisy... Must be getting on for midnight. Richard. .. - Mm-hmm? Would you think it very dull of me if I went up to bed? Aren't you going to see the New Year in? It's almost time. It always makes me feel rather sad. I'd rather go up, if you don't mind. Good night, Richard. And a happy New Year. Good night, my dear. [ Door opens ] [ Door closes] SERVANTS: ♫ Mademoiselle from Armentieres, parlez-vous? ♫ ♫ Mademoiselle from Armentieres, parlez-vous ♫ ♫ Mademoiselle from Armentieres ♫ ♫ She hasn't been kissed for 40 years ♫ ♫ Hinky-dinky, parlez-vous ♫ [ Laughter] Go and open a window, Daisy. Let the New Year in. HUDSON: Come on. Fill up your glasses. Funny not hearing Big Ben. Shh, shh. Quiet, everyone. Just on the hour. [Clock chiming] A happy New Year, everyone! - Happy New Year! - Happy New Year, my dear. [indistinct talking] Happy New Year. Happy New Year. JACK: [ Laughs ] Happy New Year, Daisy, Edward. Come on, quick, now. [Banging] [ Indistinct shouting, clatter] 'Happy New Year! 'Happy New Year! HUDSON: Happy New Year, officer! [ Laughs ] [Clatter continues] Happy New Year! Eddie... Eddie, are you all right? Yeah. Oh, it's nothing. I've just got a bit of a headache. That's all. Well, shall I ask Mrs. Bridges to get you a powder? No, no, no. I'm all right. I'll -- I'll just sit here quietly for a bit. Well, you go back downstairs. They'll miss you. Go on. Well, I don't want to leave you here, not all on your own. I'm all right. I'll be back in a tick. You go down for me, eh, and tell 'em I'm coming. All right, then. Don't be long, eh? [Servants singing "Auld Lang Syne"] EDWARD: [ Crying ] Edward? Yes, sir? Why aren't you downstairs with the others? I'm sorry, sir. All right, Edward? I found it just a bit noisy downstairs, sir. You see, they're -- they're all singing and cheering and that, and I can't stand the din, sir. Just got a bit of a headache, sir. Excuse me. You come down with me and sit quietly in the morning room -for a bit. - No, sir. I'm quite all right. No, you're not all right. You come with me. Come on. Go and sit there, make yourself comfortable. [ Door closes] I'll get you a drink. Would you like some whisky? It might help, sir. Thank you. Mm. Mrs. Bellamy's gone to bed. She doesn't care much for New Year's celebrations. There. We can have a quiet drink together, eh? Man to man. Thank you, sir. Ah, that's better. RICHARD: Must feel very strange back in this house again Within a day or two of being in the firing line. It does, sir. It's like waking up from a nightmare. It's like I was never there at all, just imagined it. But I didn't. It's real. I suppose you saw some, uh, pretty fierce fighting. All the time. Especially October and November on the Somme. We had over 60 of our lads hit in the first hour one day going up over the top. We was going to get back some trenches we'd been pushed out of by the Fritzes. They just chopped us up to pieces with their machine guns. My sergeant had both legs off when we got to him. And Charlie wallace... ...my pal, my best man... [Voice breaking] He'd just got back to duty, and... ...big, heavy shell burst right beside him. He was trying to out a gap in the bosch wire. He went right up in the air. When the smoke cleared, we saw him hanging there on the wire... with his arm off. Just stop out there all night, moaning. Couldn't get to him. They had his position covered. So he just stopped out there all night. In the morning, at dawn, at stand to, we could still see him hanging there, on the wire. Only, he wasn't moaning no more. He -- He was a wag, was Charlie. Oh, I've got to go to Barking to see Charlie's family and tell 'em. Edward. Edward. Sir? Go tomorrow morning. It'll be much appreciated. [ Sniffles ] Yes, sir. Oh, I feel a lot better now, sir. Thank you. I-I think I ought to get downstairs. Otherwise Mr. Hudson'll wonder where I am, and Daisy. All right, Edward. I'm sorry about that, sir. Thank you for the whisky. Oh, and, sir... I am sorry. I forgot. It -- It's "my lord," isn't it? Not until tomorrow morning, Edward. Go to the party. Enjoy yourself. Happy New Year. And to you, sir. [ Door opens ] [ Door closes] SERVANTS ♫ Keep the home fires burning ♫ ♫ while your hearts are yearning ♫ ♫ Though your lads are far away ♫ ♫ They dream of home... ♫ Right, then. Right, then. What's all this noise in this here barrack room? It's very, very noisy. I'll have you arrest. - I will, I will, I will. -[ Laughter] - Give us a New Year kiss. - HUDSON: Oh! Right. Let's all have a dance, eh? - Come on, all of you. Up, up. ELIZABETH: ♫ My old man... ♫ ALL: ♫ Said follow the van ♫ ♫ and don't dillydally on the way ♫ ♫ Off went the van with me home packed in it ♫ ♫ I followed on with me old cock linnet ♫ ♫ I dillied, I dallied, I dallied, and I dillied ♫ ♫ Lost me way and don't know where to roam ♫ ♫ You can't trust a copper like an old-time special ♫ ♫ when you can't find your way home...♫ [Singing fades] [Explosions] No! I can't stand any more! Oh! James's colonel sends his congratulations. James's colonel sends his congratulations. Vic Buchanon. Good. - F.E. Smith. on? - Mr. Amery. - Oh, yes. Lord Lansdowne. [ Chuckles ] There's a charming letter here from old Coombes, the agent at Southwold. And one from Miss Pettifer. She was Elizabeth's governess for five years -- now aged 78, living in Bridlington. How kind people are. Oh, Richard. You've many friends. This one's rather amusing. May I read it? Oh, yes, of course. "Dear courteous commoner Whose loss the lower house can ill afford, all's well old friend. The upper house has gained a civil lord." - George Curzon? - HAZEL: Yes. Sir Geoffrey Dillon, my lord. RICHARD: Oh, Geoffrey. So glad you could spare the time. A really happy New Year to you both. HAZEL: Thank you, Sir Geoffrey. Well, I'll leave you two alone. Oh, please don't bow. Well, what's today's problem? Do sit down, Geoffrey. In a word, it's Edward. Edward Gray? No. Edward the footman. - Oh, dear. He's gone, has he? - No, no, no. - I heard he was at the front. - He's alive and in this house. GEOFFREY: Oh, home on leave, eh? Yes, but in no fit state, in my opinion, to go back to the trenches. Geoffrey, that boy is badly shell-shocked, nerves are in ribbons, and I don't think he's fit for overseas duty. Well, I can't see how that's your problem, Richard. Surely, it's up to his commanding officer to send him back to the depot or for a medical board to discharge the fellow. Well, the trouble is that Edward's normally a very cheerful creature, full of guts, and not the type to let anyone know how bad his nerves are. So you'd like to get your ex-footman invalided out? Or seconded to light duties. Well, that seems a very modest use of power. How? Well, I'd like you to approach your friend, General Nesfield, -at the war office. - Oh, I see. You want to pull a string with me to pull a string with Frank Nesfield to get Edward medically discharged. That is the idea. Well, in the words of that dreadful popular song, "Everybody's doing it." What's his, uh, surname and regiment? Edward Barnes, Middlesex regiment, 12th battalion. Mrs. Bellamy says you're just as much a wounded solider as any of them on crutches and that because your mind's wounded by the noise and fear. The only difference is that you have to have special kind of treatment, and that's why they've put you in the hospital in Barnes. Really? I thought it was 'cause my name was Barnes. "Will all the Private Barneses report to the war casualty hospital, Barnes?" [ Chuckles ] Silly. Anyway, I'm proud of you. The place is full of loonies, Daise. I want to see my pals again. Well, not until you're quite well. Besides, let some of them shirkers take your place in the trenches for a change. Some of them conscripts who didn't want to go. Ow, my head's splitting. I'd better get you back. I promised matron. Come on. You are looking better today. Well, I feel better. It's...just these heads I get. I know. ROSE: They're gonna let you out again next Saturday? Yeah, well, if I'm still making progress. And he is 'cause he's sleeping better, aren't you, Eddie? I, uh, don't dream of Jerry machine guns anymore. - I dream of Mr. Hudson. -[ Laughter] Making progress, eh? Bye-bye. ROSE: Goodbye. - MRS. BRIDGES: Goodbye, Edward. I used to dream -- well, imagine -- that Gregory'd come home wounded and we'd walk in the park together, him in his blue uniform and red tie. I know, dear. Still, who knows? Edward might go on having headaches and bad dreams the rest of his life. Least my Gregory's at peace. Would it really be decisive? I mean, is the American army big enough to break the deadlock? The psychological effect would be enormous, in my opinion, for Germany to find herself at war with another great power, unlimited financial resources, a large navy, men and materials -- a young, vigorous country. What are the chances? Have you heard anything? If President wilson would stop sending tiresome protest notes to Berlin, stick his neck out and appeal to Congress, I think they could be in before the year's out. George Curzon thinks so, at any rate. Thank you, Hudson. HAZEL: There's to be a day of prayer at St. Peter's on Sunday. I shall pray that the Americans will come in as soon as possible. -[ Rumbling, explosions] - What was that? - All right, Hudson? - Yes, my lord. Put the lights out. [Rumbling continues] HAZEL: Oh. They must have brought a zeppelin down somewhere. That's a very big fire... if it is a fire. Could it be a-a thunderbolt? No, no. I-l don't think so. It must be down the river somewhere. [Rumbling stops] All right, Hudson. Very good, my lord. Oh, I-l spilled some sherry, madam. I'll get a cloth. All right, Hudson. [ Door closes] Well, I suppose we shall read all about it tomorrow in the more sensational newspapers. Like The Times or The Daily Mail. [Knock on door] [ Door opens ] Madam. Madam. -[ Breathes deeply] - Oh, madam. - I'm ever so sorry to wake you. Rose. Ruby's here, downstairs. Ruby? Well, where? She's downstairs. She's been in the most terrible accident, madam. God. Is she hurt. Oh, she's very badly shocked. Think you ought to see her. Well, yes, Rose, I'll come now. Here's your dressing gown. Oh, thank you, Rose. [ Yawns ] What's the time? Oh, gone 3:00, madam. I was on night shift, madam, at far end of room when suddenly there was this great big roaring noise and s-sommat hit me in back. [Voice breaking ] well, I must have fell on floor and fainted. Suddenly, all I could hear was screaming and people crying, and the whole place was all smoke and broken glass, and... I could hear flames crackling, and... And, madam, there were dead bodies on floor. [ Crying ] Lots of girls and older women. - I'm sorry, Mrs. Bridges. - Ohh. Ruby ran out of the munitions factory across the street to her lodgings, my lord, but there was nothing left of the house. We think she must have lost all her possessions. Except what she had with her -- coat, purse, and hat. Ruby, how did you find your way back here? I caught last tram from Silvertown to Vauxhall, sir. Then I got out and walked. Well, I-l couldn't think of anywhere else to go. Her home's in Bradford, you see, madam. Yes, I know, Mrs. Bridges. I'm sorry, Mrs. Bridges. There, there. You're all right now. It'll be all right for her to stop on here now, won't it, madam? I mean, she's learned her lesson. Lesson? What lesson? Not to go monkeying about in factories and that. Oh, no, never again. -I-I'd like to stop here, sir. - Yes, where you belong. I, uh, I think Mrs. Bridges hopes, madam, that since Ruby has already made a contribution to the war outside, she will now be allowed to resume her duties in this house as kitchen maid. Of course she will, if she wishes to. I'd like to, madam. I've missed them all, a right lot, this house -and being here and... - Yes, very well then. Let's get Ruby upstairs, Washed, and into bed. - Then we can all get some sleep. - Well, you'll see to her, then, - Mrs. Bridges? - Yes. Yes, I will, madam. You're quite safe now, Ruby. - Yes, Mrs. Bridges. - Well, that's that, then. I will notify them first thing in the morning, my lord, at the police station and the munition works that Ruby is safe and with us. Otherwise, she'll be unaccounted for and presumed killed. Absolutely, Hudson. I always knew you'd make a first-class policeman. Thank you, my lord. Ooh, perhaps Mrs. Bridges will make some tea for you all. - Oh, yes, I will, madam. - HAZEL: Good night. Good night, madam. Good night, sir. - HUDSON: Good night, my lord. Madam, would you like me to bring up for you and his lordship some nice, hot milk? Oh, that would be lovely. Thank you, Rose. RICHARD: Good night. Well, now, upstairs and straight to bed with you, my girl. Daisy'll get you some clean sheets and scrub all that muck off your face. - Off you go. - DAISY: Come on, Ruby. MRS. BRIDGES: Oh! I'm gonna get the kettle on. Poor wee girl. She was lucky to escape with her life. Thank you, Hudson. Good night. Good night, my lord. Madam. Night. [ Door closes] Do you know, Richard, that when I first came into this house, with my typewriter on that March day in 1912 -- just four and a half years ago -- ...I thought there was just one family living here, the Bellamy family, and that down below in the bowels of the house was a collection of slaves, men and women, all working away like they do in mills and factories? But I was wrong. There are two families living in this house. There's us, the Bellamys. Mm-hmm. And then there's the family downstairs with Father Hudson, Mother Bridges, and their son, Edward, who's in the army now and -- and so proud of him we are. Then there's the eldest daughter, Rose, who lost her young man at the front... ...and the two youngest daughters. No. One's a daughter-in-law -- Daisy, married to Edward, who lives with her in-laws. Yes. Then Ruby, the youngest. Rather simple child. [Sighs] Perhaps one day we'll all be one big family, not two. I think we are now, in one sense. As for the future, I have my doubts. But, then, tomorrow's a long way off. Subtitling by Acorn Media (re-sync by moviesbyrizzo) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 