The Daily Show with Trevor Noah: Season 6, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Daily Show with Trevor Noah 
 s6e11 - Fifth Anniversary Special - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Daily Show with Trevor Noah (1996–…): Season 6, Episode 11 - Fifth Anniversary Special - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ANNOUNCER: June 11, 2019. From Comedy Central's World News Headquarters in New York, this is The Daily Show with Trevor Noah. - ♪ - (cheering and applause) Welcome to The Daily Show, everybody! I'm Trevor Noah! Thank you so much for tuning in! Thank you for coming out! Yeah! Oh, yeah! Let's do it! Let's do this! Our guest tonight is a fascinating young man. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He's a chef whose new book is called Notes from a Young Black Chef. Kwame Onwuachi is joining us, everybody! - (cheering and applause) -Gonna be a really fun conversation. Also on tonight's show, Russia and China are the new celebrity couple, Ronny Chieng puts plastic straws under arrest, and your Fitbit is trying to kill you. So, let's catch up on today's headlines. ♪ This Saturday was World Oceans Day. It's a day when we let the ocean tsunami any city it likes. It's also the day when we take a moment to acknowledge how much damage we, as humans, have done to the thing 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 that covers 75% of our planet. And, today, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced a plan to try and change that. Some good news for the environment. In less than two years, Canada plans to ban many single-use plastics. We're talking about things like straws, bags, cutlery. No longer. The Canadian prime minister making the announcement from the shores of a nature reserve in Quebec. To be honest, as a dad, it's tough trying to explain this to my kids. How do you explain dead whales washing up on beaches around the world, their stomachs jam-packed with plastic bags? People around the world are grappling with this every day. Man, white people have to explain a lot of shit to their kids. Oh, because this is not a problem that any African parent has. Yeah. When you're an African kid, you're like, "Daddy, why are the whales dying?" He'd be like, "Why are the whales-- Why don't you mind "your own business, huh? "Are you a whale? Huh? "Then what is your problem? "Maybe that whale was too busy asking questions, huh? That's how it ended up on that beach." "Daddy, you can say you just don't know." "I don-- Are you saying your father doesn't know something? "You know what I do know? How to beat children. Go fetch my belt. Go fetch my belt." But Justin Trudeau does have a good point. Single-use plastic is wasteful, man. We got to find a way to stop using it. And I don't know how exactly. I also use the stuff. I mean, I was thinking maybe we can find a way to just carry a knife and fork with us at all times, you know? Just, like, hanging off our belts, like a cell phone used to. And it won't look weird if we all do it. We can do it together, people. Or, how 'bout this, we never use these third fingers, yeah? Let's just replace them with utensils. Yeah. Yeah, like a surgery. Now you always have them with you, huh? Moving on, the Catholic Church is celebrating Pride Month in the most Catholic Church way possible. REPORTER: USA Today says the Vatican issued an official document rejecting transgender identity. It also called gender change a trend. The document, called "Male and Female, He Created Them," is the Catholic Church's first statement on gender identity. Pope Francis has repeatedly argued that people cannot choose their genders. The Vatican also said that changing norms in gender identity contributes to the destabilization of the family. Yes, that's right. The Catholic Church has released a statement condemning transgender people, saying that it's unnatural, which is disappointing but it's not surprising. I mean, we all know the church thinks if you're born a girl, you're a girl forever. And if you're born a boy, they're gonna try and (bleep) you. And, let's be clear, let's be clear on this: gender change is not a trend, all right? It's been around for thousands of years. But if it was, why does the church care about it so much? How come the church isn't warning us about other trends? You never hear the Pope saying, "It is against God's will "to wear Supreme. "There's only one hypebeast, and his name is Jesus Christ." Oh, and get this, guess-- get this. Part of the Vatican's rationale is that transgender people go against its belief that God made men and women to reproduce. Which, first of all, transgender people can reproduce. And, secondly, again, why do you care? Right? You don't even let your people reproduce, right? Nuns aren't allowed to have sex, right? Priests can't get little boys pregnant. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Two pedophilia jokes. - Yeah. Yeah. - (laughter, applause) I got away with it the first time. Of course I was gonna go back for more. Which is the same thing the priests said about touching little boys. - Oh! Three pedophilia jokes! - (gasping, laughter) Oh! Oh, you don't like it? Well, you should transfer me to a different parish, where I'm probably gonna do the same thing. - Four! Oh! - AUDIENCE: Oh! All right, I'm done. And, finally, some health news. If you're wearing a Fitbit right now, you might want to get up and walk 10,000 steps away from your TV. New questions about the supposed health benefits of those fitness trackers that millions use. WOMAN: As more Americans make health a priority, many are turning to technology. The fitness tracker has become kind of the obsession. WOMAN: But is that obsession really good for you? Some worry measuring fitness, diet and sleep could be taking a toll on our mental health. Research found it can make activities that were once enjoyable feel almost like a job. WOMAN 2: These are really powerful tools for positive change, but they can trigger anxiety or obsessive thoughts, and sometimes cause us to go a little bit too far. That's right. Experts say that fitness trackers are making us anxious. And not just because we spend every morning trying to remember where we put it, which is what I do. Yeah, I burn 1,000 calories walking around my apartment trying to find the damn thing. Then I put it on, and it's like, "Okay, time to get your steps in." I'm like, "Bitch, I need a nap now!" (laughter) But this study... this study claims that these fitness apps on our phones can be bad for our mental health. But I mean, if you think about it, every app is bad for your mental health, huh? Tinder is depressing, Twitter is toxic, and that phone app is the worst. You can't delete it. It just keeps on ringing. I don't even know what it's for. Even mental health apps are bad for your mental health. I had a meditation app that was supposed to help me relax, but all it did was stress me out. Ten times a day, it would be like, "Have you meditated yet? "Time to meditate. Hey, Trevor, don't forget to medicate." Eventually, I was just like, "Delete the app!" Ooh. So much calmer. All right, that's it for the headlines. Let's move on to our main story. - ♪ - (cheers and applause) Russia. For decades, the Soviet superpower has been America's number one rival. There was the Cuban Missile Crisis, meddling in the 2016 elections, and on Twitter, they challenged Tom Cruise to an MMA fight, and nobody can figure out why. And just when we thought Russia's antics couldn't get any crazier, a few days ago, they pulled this move on the high seas. We begin this evening with a dangerously close call on the high seas between a Russian destroyer and a U.S. warship. Those ships coming within feet of one another, forcing the Americans to take drastic action to avoid a disastrous collision. MAN 2: This image capturing just how close the ships came to a catastrophic collision. As little as 50 feet, according to the U.S. Navy. This video from the deck of the U.S.S. Chancellorsville showing the Russian destroyer was so close, you could see Russian sailors sunbathing on the deck. - (laughter) - Sweet lord. (laughter) Russians are hardcore. You realize these ships are about to crash into each other. American soldiers are like, "Prepare for breach!" And the Russian soldiers are like, "Dmitri, take off your shirt." (laughter) "Let's get suntan before we die, yeah. Don't want to meet Jesus as pasty bitch." (laughter) But this is pretty crazy, man. This is pretty crazy. A Russian warship basically tried to ram into an American ship in the middle of the ocean. All right, and let's be honest. That had to be on purpose. What other excuse is there? Do you know how big the ocean is? You have to really go out of your way to collide with someone. It's like walking into someone at Ted Cruz's birthday party. There's no one else there. You did you it on purpose. (laughter) Now the question is, the question is, where would Russia get the balls to play chicken against America in the Pacific? Well, maybe it's because they've got a new and powerful BFF. MAN: Just as President Trump was meeting with America's most important allies in Europe, two of America's biggest adversaries were holding court in Moscow. It was a split screen tailor-made by Russian president Vladimir Putin. Putin hosted Chinese president Xi Jinping. Xi calling Putin his "best and bosom friend," saying he cherished their deep friendship. MAN 2: The two enjoying a leisurely boat ride in St. Petersburg yesterday. That's right. Xi and Putin have gotten so close, they're even taking boat rides together. And not just a normal boat ride. Putin even helped Xi recreate that scene from Titanic. He was like, "Yeah. I'm king of the world! No. really. China's taking over the world!" So it's clear, China and Russia are really hitting it off, because you only take a boat ride with someone if you really, really like them, or if they're enslaving you. But this is "liking." Oh, and if... if you think Putin giving Xi a boat ride is impressive, wait until you see what Xi gave Putin in return. The leader's visit also includes some panda diplomacy. MAN: During their summit, Putin and Xi showed off their friendship with a visit to the Moscow Zoo, where they welcomed two new Chinese pandas, a gift from Xi to Russia. MAN: I mean, China likes you, one of the signs of that, - you know... - WOMAN: Alliance? MAN: ...good-good alliance and good feelings is to present you with a panda. Russia got two. That's right. China gave not one, but two pandas to Russia. Which is huge. Yeah. 'Cause one panda can't make babies. Two pandas also can't, but there's hope. - (laughter) - And remember, China only gives pandas to countries when they wish to be close allies with them, right? They actually call it "Panda Diplomacy." This is a real thing. Panda Diplomacy. Not to be confused with Panda Express Diplomacy, where I convince them to let me use the bathroom even though I didn't buy anything. And technically-- this is interesting-- technically, China didn't give Russia the pandas, right? The Russians just get to keep the pandas for a few years. Yes. Which, by the way, applies to every panda in the world. Yeah. China owns every single panda at the world. So at some point they have to go home. And I guess it's because China doesn't want the pandas forgetting their Chinese roots. Imagine if you let a panda stay in New Jersey for too long, huh? Yeah. Then when the panda gets back to China, he's like, "'Ey, what the (bleep) is this bamboo? 'Ey! "How about some gabagool or a nice fettuccine? Marone!" Anyway, I could talk about pandas all day, but the point is, China and Russia are getting super close, and the consequences for America go beyond boat rides and cute bears. NEWSMAN: While Russia and China continue to strengthen their economic ties, they're also expanding their military cooperation. Chinese troops taking part in massive drills with Russian forces last year. The level of cooperation between Russia and China has not been this high since the mid-1950s. They are combining forces against us. NEWSMAN: They say Russia and China can coordinate cyberattacks and military moves that can knock U.S. forces off balance. Oh, man. China and Russia teaming up against the United States? I mean, America could probably handle China... or Russia, but not both at the same time. Like, imagine if in Rocky IV, Ivan Drago was fighting, and then Jackie Chan jumped in the ring to help him. Huh? That would be the end of Rocky. It would be done. There'd be no Rocky V, no Rocky Balboa, no Rocky Goes to Space, no Rocky and the Sorcerer's Stone, and definitely no 50 Shades of Rocky. - None of those movies. - (laughter) Now, beyond geopolitics, the personal elements of this bromance is probably something that's gonna bug Donald Trump. Because, don't forget, he wants to be a part of this club. He loves those dudes. We know how much he admires Putin. He talks all the time about he and Xi Jinping (like Trump): are great friends. So to see his two besties make plans without him, that's... that's got to hurt. Yeah. And I don't think that he's dealing with his feelings in the most mature way. NEWSMAN: U.S. President Donald Trump is threatening new tariffs on another $300 billion in Chinese goods. This if President Xi Jinping doesn't meet with him at the upcoming G20 Summit. - Wow. Really, Trump? - (laughter) He's gonna put tariffs on China if Xi doesn't "hang out" with him? That is so childish. (like Trump): If you don't come over to my house and play video games, then tariffs. And I get to be player one the whole time. And what is it with Trump using tariffs in every legal situation? Have you guys noticed this? In every situation, Trump is using tariffs now, right? Illegal immigration. Tariffs on Mexico. Xi Jinping won't have a playdate? Tariffs on China. Melania won't hold his hand in public. Tariffs on Slovakia! (like Melania): But, Donald, I am from Slovenia. (like Trump): I don't care! Pronounce it any way, - still tariffs. - (laughter) So look, it's clear what's happening here. President Trump... you're feeling neglected by President Xi. But instead of lashing out, why don't you work on your relationship, man? You know? Forget tariffs. Maybe talk to Xi. Tell him how you're feeling. And if that doesn't work, try and spice things up, you know? Yeah. Dress up as something you know China's really into. - Yeah. - (laughter) Who could resist? We'll be right back. (cheering, applause, whistling) (cheering, applause, whistling) Welcome back to The Daily Show. Before the break... before the break, we learned that Canada is going to ban single-use plastics. And this is a really bold step and a necessary one. But is the U.S. capable of such action? Well, Ronny Chieng filed this report from the front lines of the plastic wars. Here in America, we use straws for everything: drinking, snorting cocaine... Okay. Just those two things. But still, that's not nothing. Yet recently, local governments across the nation have been challenging our God-given right to bear straws. Straws represent only .02% of the nine million tons of plastic waste that is estimated. People would like to keep the plastic straw, just saying. CHIENG: Conservative Big Bird actually has a point here. So I headed to Washington, D.C., the latest city to ban straws, to meet Lillian, an environmental inspector. Her actual job is to go into local businesses and make sure they're not using plastic straws. That's right, she's a straw cop. So what do you hope to accomplish by banning something that's like, 0.000000000-z-z-z-z-z-01% of our trash? You know, that's good question. Um, it's a perfect symbol for our-our overuse and dependence on single-use plastics, - and they're fair play. - So what am I supposed to do? If I don't use straws what do you want me to do? Do you want me to do this? Yes, absolutely. That's what I would love. CHIENG: Lillian explained that over 40% of all plastic manufacturing is single use, throwaway items that will take somewhere between 450 years and forever to disappear. But still, why are people suddenly so angry about straws? Why do you hate straws so much? What did straws ever do to you? I think that really started with the straw video, the plastic straw getting stuck up the sea turtle's nose. It has over 35 million views on YouTube. CHIENG: Wait, this is all because of a dumb viral video? Look, I've seen a lot of shit on YouTube. How bad could this be? Turns out really (bleep) bad. (Chieng groaning) (Chieng groaning) Okay, okay. I'm done. No more straws. But the video did leave me with one burning question: If I stick a straw up my nose, I could get 35 million views on YouTube? I can't guarantee that. You know, people might not connect - with seeing a person, - (grunting) - a full-grown adult, - (grunting) with a straw up their nose the same way they connect with a sea turtle. - (groaning) - I wouldn't go further. (grunts) Nope. Nope, that's stuck. Nope-- I'm... Uh... Okay, so, uh, tell me what you do on a day-to-day basis. Turns out that turtle was not faking it. We actually go out and do some random inspections, - and we talk to business owners - (coughing) about the new rules, - and how to come into compliance with them. -Whoa. (panting) That sounds great. It was time for me to hit the streets and shadow Lillian on an actual straw raid. First step, case the joint. Clear, clear, clear, clear, clear, clear, clear. All right, clear. So once we enter a business, usually we kind of take a look around, right. We want to see if we can see any straws. Straw racial profiling, yep. Yeah, I mean, we're looking at the straws, you know, What race is, uh, more likely to use straws? definitely not the people. CHIENG: Next, look for contraband. Great. Okay. That's excellent. - So these are absolutely in compliance. -Paper straws. CHIENG: Turns out, this guy was clean, at least for today. But I knew things were about to get real when we hit the mother lode-- a coffee shop with enough plastic nose candy to take down Nemo's whole goddamn reef. - But it looks like these are plastic, right? -Yeah. So you are currently out of compliance. CHIENG: That's right. You're busted. And now the straw cops are gonna make you pay. - Right now we haven't switched yet, -Okay. Mm-hmm. - but we are in the process of switching. -Oh, whenever. Oh, really? Th-That's convenient. Just happen to be switching when we walk in. Okay. - I'm sorry. - Um... - So what I'm gonna do today - I got it. is I'm just gonna give you a warning letter of sorts. - Okay. -Wait. What do you mean, "warning letter"? So Lillian just walks around warning businesses? That's it. I'm taking the lead on this investigation. Hut! Straw, straw, straw, straw. We've got a straw over here. Are you crazy? Gonna pull out a straw - in front of a straw cop? - Sorry. - Is this yours, sir? Who's straw is this? -Mine. Straw! Straw over here. Sorry, false alarm. It's fine. It's paper. ♪ Dispatch, uh, we are entering premises, over. See that guy over there in the black hoodie. I'm just gonna go ask him a few questions. Oh, oh. He's going. He's going. Go, go, go, go, go. Straw police! Straw police! Drop the (bleep) straw! Get on the ground, mother (bleep). But despite the successful raid, Lillian wasn't happy. Yeah, that was absolutely useless in getting people to come into compliance. Well, let's agree to disagree. Yeah, it takes a lot of time and energy, and those one-on-one conversations to really enact real change. CHIENG: Okay, change people's minds through constructive conversations. I can do that. Do you know how many (bleep) turtles are dying in the ocean 'cause they have straws up their nose? Why? Because mother (bleep) can't seem to drink from cups without straws. Just put the cup to your mouth! Just put the cup to your mouth, that's it. You don't need a middleman. Do you know how much damage this could do to an dolphin's anus. An oyster could eat this and suffocate to death. It's like you guys don't even care. Sir, you need to go before I call the police. Yo, you can't call the police, we are the police. - Guys! Guys! Guys! - We are the police. We are the police. Show her your badge. - No, we're not the police. - Show her your badge. - Yeah, we're not the police. - Show her your badge now. She has a badge. Show her the badge. CHIENG: After a successful conversation, we voluntarily left the restaurant. I come back, I see any plastic straws in here, I'm burning this whole (bleep) place to the ground. And, hey, if a restaurant can ban me just for doing my job, how hard can it be to ban straws? (cheers and applause) Ronny Chieng, everybody. We'll be right back. (cheers and applause) (cheering, applause, whistling) Welcome back to The Daily Show. My guest tonight is a James Beard Award-winning executive chef at Kith and Kin in Washington, D.C. His new memoir is called Notes from a Young Black Chef. Please welcome Kwame Onwuachi. - ♪ - (cheering, applause) Welcome to the show. It's great to be here. How are you doing? Uh, I'm fantastic, man. But congratulations - on an amazing book - Thank you. and a really, really fascinating story. - Thank you. - I mean, you've done everything. In your teens, you were in a gang. In your 20s, you sold drugs. Then you graduated from the Culinary Institute of America. You competed on Top Chef. You opened your first restaurant. It tanked. So now you run a successful hotel restaurant... - Don't give away the whole book. - I... No, but that's the thing. It's less about just what happens and more about how it happens. That's what makes your story so fascinating. - When you look back at the book, - Absolutely. and you look at the life you've lived, does it feel real? 'Cause you're only 29. Uh, it's a journey, you know? I-I would say, like, every part of my life has been... either extremely difficult or extremely rewarding, and it's a journey, so, like, you don't really notice it - until you put it down on paper, - Right. you know, and you read it through and you see it through. You sound like you were quite the terror as a young man, like, within the family, you know? - I was pretty bad. - You were pretty bad. - Was pretty bad. - I mean, you were bad enough that your-your mom sent you to Nigeria, - where your dad's from, right? - Yeah. And you thought you were going there for the summer. Yeah, she told me I was going for a couple weeks. - Uh-huh. - Um... I quickly learned that that was not the truth. - Um... - (laughter) - H-How did you learn that? - Uh, it was September, and school starts in September in New York, and I called her. We had to go to this call center, by the way. We had to drive all the way. It's a... In the middle of a village-- it wasn't Lagos. - Right. -And you drive three hours to this call center. Have to wait in line till, you know, you even get on the phone. We'd get there, and I'm like, "So, Ma, like, September? When am I coming back home?" and she's like, "You're not. - (laughter) - Not until you learn respect." - Not until you learn respect? - And then she was like, "Kwame? Hello? Hello?" 'Cause I just, I dropped the phone. I was so... I was so crushed. - So you hadn't learned respect? - No, not yet. Not yet. How long did it take you to come back to the U.S.? - Two years. -Wow. That's a long time to not learn respect. - Yeah. -No, 'cause if my mom, like, left me in Nigeria and was like, "Till you learn respect," I'd immediately be like, "Yes, ma'am, I have learned respect. - Can I come home now?" - (laughter) But you've always had this spirit inside of you, where, like, you've pushed for what you wanted to do and you did it. Two years in Nigeria, it's a completely different world, - and then you come back to the U.S., right. -Mm-hmm. And what was interesting is how you tell the story of growing up in a world where, you know, you were lucky enough to go to a private school, but you lived in a place - that was basically hood-adjacent, -Yeah. and you got caught up in gang culture. You got mixed up with the wrong group of friends. How did you, like, see your life when you turned-- when you were in a gang? Like, was that something you, like, prepared? Or was it something that just happened to you out of nowhere? It just happened. Um... You know, I talk about it in the book-- how I really got into it, and I got into a fight, and then after that fight, I was-- it was pretty much an initiation into the gang. Um, and, you know, I don't think it's something that you plan, you know? Sometimes we're a product of our own environment, which is unfortunate, but also, we can get out of that mentality as well. You know, and, for me, it was a moment that Barack Obama walked across stage and he became president of the United States. And I didn't think that I would see a black president in my lifetime. I voted for him and everything, but, you know, 55 years ago, we couldn't even eat at the same restaurants as, you know, white people everywhere, and to see that, it was-- it showed me that I can do anything I put my mind to. That's really a beautiful part of the book, is where you're telling the story about how you're selling drugs. You're living in this house where, you know, people are high, you're also high, and then you see Barack Obama walk out there, and he's now president of the United States, and you're like, "Oh, I got to get my shit together." - Yeah. - That's a powerful moment. How do you even begin that journey? - Like, what, you know, you see Barack Obama, -It's one... - yes, but, I mean, it wasn't easy. -No. So, for me, it was removing myself from that environment was the first thing. So I was selling drugs, I moved to Louisiana. - My mother moved there after I graduated high school. -Right. So I started doing the only thing I really knew how to do, which was working with food. And I just took it one day at a time. And I told myself every year I just wanted to be doing better than I was doing last year. And, you know, ten years later, here I am, sitting across talking to you. Yeah, man, you've done an amazing job... especially... (cheers and applause) especially in the cooking space, because, like, it's not easy - to-to win an award, you know, as a chef. -Yeah. - It's not easy to be the head chef, you know, -Yeah. at one of the world's biggest hotels. That is something that you've achieved. Do you look at your life as what got you to this point? Or do you think you got to this point - despite the life you lived? - A little bit of both. You know, I think, uh, you-you choose your own path - most times, you know? - Mm-hmm. You-you choose how you're going to react to a situation. Um, but it-it's not easy, and you just have to take it one day at a time. You know, when I got the helm of this huge restaurant, I'm gonna be quite honest. - I had no idea what I was doing. - Right. No clue. Um, but it was the same thing. Okay, we're gonna work on one thing at a time, and we're gonna get better at this one dish at a time. Um, and every day, we just try to do a little bit better than we did the day before. One of the most fascinating parts of the book is when you talk about raising money - to achieve your dreams... - Yeah. ...and how you don't want to sell drugs anymore, so you decide to go and sell candy - on the New York City subway. - Yeah. Right? Which is harder: selling drugs - or selling candy on the subway? - (laughter) - They... -'Cause no one pays attention on the train. They-they have their challenges. - Both of them have their challenges. -Yeah. One is extremely more lucrative than the other, um, to be honest with you. - I don't know which one, to be honest. -(laughter) - We're not gonna get into what was sold. -'Cause you made... - 'cause you made a lot of money selling candy. -I did, yeah. - Absolutely. -You made $20,000 in a few months? - Mm-hmm. Yeah. - (audience member whoops) Yeah. Just from selling candy. What's funny is-- I haven't really shared this story-- uh, I did a dinner... I did pop-ups around the world, um, and I stopped in Miami. And one of the guys that used to sell drugs for me, he lived in Miami. So, I was like, "Hey, I changed my life around. You got to come to my dinner." And I-I talk about my story. So, we're sitting there, and I get up, and I'm in front of the whole dining room. And I'm like, "Yeah, you know, I sold candy in order to save up for my catering company." - And he never knew this part of me. -Right. He was like, "Ha! Candy? Yeah, right!" Like, in the middle of the dinner. - (laughter) - I'm like, "Stop. Stop. G, stop it." - Um... - Well, when you look at young people now who may look up to you... I mean, you know what? It's-it's no... it's no secret that there are many youths out there who are products of their environment who find the allure of selling drugs or getting into a gang, um, really difficult to resist. And you are living a life now which is legal, successful and inspirational. When young men look at you or when they read your book, what would you hope that they take away from your story? Um, that anything is possible. You know, if you really put your mind to it and you work and you put in the hours, um, and you just outwork everyone else, you can be successful in any field you're in. - Right. -I don't think this book is just for young chefs. I don't think it's for black chefs. - I think it's just for anyone, you know? -Right. Anyone to really see that if you really want something, like, if you really, really want it, you can achieve it. And that's what I want people to walk away from reading Notes from a Young Black Chef. Well, man, it's a fascinating book. I hope everybody reads it. Great story to tell. - Thank you so much for being on the show. -Thank you. Thank you. Notes from a Young Black Chef is available now. Kwame Onwuachi, everybody. We'll be right back. (cheering and applause) (cheering and applause) Well, that's our show for tonight. Thank you so much for tuning in. Here it is now, Your Moment of Zen. ♪ (chuckles) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 