That Girl: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 That Girl 
 s1e4 - I'll Be Suing You - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 That Girl (1966–1971): Season 1, Episode 4 - I'll Be Suing You - full transcript 
 Don loans Ann his car so she can pick up a rubber tree plant (which is actually a live plant) from her mother. A pedestrian carrying a sewing machine walks into Don's car while Ann was driving it and sues her. Ann gives her account of what happened in court, in great detail. She has trouble getting anyone to believe that while she was stopped at a traffic light, a man just walked into the car, and that his sewing machine damaged the fender. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 While it is true that Mr. Dorfman's cleaning establishment did shrink Mrs. Ferguson's drapes, it was your responsibility to inform him of the special handling for this material. So? So I find that your claim is not valid. Case dismissed. Thank you, Your Honor. Rotten cleaner. Shall we recess for lunch, Your Honor? Oh, I think we have time for one more. Case 179348. Will the parties please step forward? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Pardon me, Madam. I'm here. Will the other party please step forward? Who is the other party? That girl! ♪♪ ♪♪ I'm sorry I didn't respond before, Your Honor. I was consulting my evidence. Would you please state your name? Ann Marie. Thank you. Your Honor, I intend to prove beyond the shadow of a doubt that... Miss Marie, it is customary to introduce both parties before any proving begins. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm so sorry, Your Honor. Would you please state your name? Arnold Lemming. Your Honor, she has no right to sue me. I'm suing her. I am aware that there are countersuits, Mr. Lemming, but I feel that it would be proper to hear from the lady first. I see that this case involves an automobile accident. Wasn't the car insured? Well, yes, it was, Your Honor. Uh, but this particular case involves less than the $50.00 deductible covered by the policy. It's $46.53 to be exact. All right. Now, could you tell me exactly where you and Mr. Lemming were situated just prior to the accident. Yes, Your Honor. The vehicle which I was operating at the exact time of the aforementioned accident was, at the exact time of the accident, temporarily stationary... Miss Marie, we have a long calendar. Please get on with it. Oh, yes, well, uh, my car was stopped at an intersection. And, uh, Mr. Lemming? He was on the sidewalk. On the sidewalk? What sort of a vehicle was he in? Well, I guess you could say he was in his shoes. He was a pedestrian. You ran into a pedestrian? Oh, no, Your Honor. The pedestrian ran into me. A pedestrian ran into your car and caused $50 worth of damage? $46.53. I wish at all times to keep the record straight, Your Honor. Uh, maybe, uh, you'd better tell us exactly what happened from the beginning. Well, it all started when my mother gave me this lovely rubber tree plant for my apartment. You see, she lives out in Brewster, New York, which is about 30 miles out of town. But since I don't have a car, I had to borrow my boyfriend Don's, and he came over to my apartment to pick me up to take me to an audition for a part. Ann. Ann. Ann, are you out of your mind? You wanna put a tree in my brand new car? Oh, Donald, it's just a rubber tree plant and it's about this high. Yeah, and about this wide. Oh, it is not. It's a very skinny plant. Yeah, with big fat leaves that'll fall all over my backseat. Donald, it only has about six or seven leaves. Well, Ann, listen. If it's so short and skinny and puny, why do you want it in the first place? I'm gonna nurse it back to health. My car is not an ambulance for diseased trees. You make it sound like it's gonna bleed all over the upholstery. Ann, I've hardly had the chance to drive the car myself. Oh, I'll put newspapers all over the floor. It isn't even housebroken. Oh, Donald, please. Will you, it's a present from my mother. I don't see why you're trying to upset me. I'm nervous enough as it is about this audition. Ann, I'm sorry. The part, I hope you get. The plant you don't need. Oh, Donald. Please? ♪♪ Are you sure there's no other way? Then you'll let me have it? No, I didn't say that. I just asked if there wasn't another way. Yeah, but you wouldn't have asked that unless you knew there was no other way. Ann. Ann, will you be careful? There won't be a single leaf in your car. I'm not as worried about leaves in the car as I am about dents in the fender. You know how careful I am. Ann, I don't want anything to happen to my brand-new car. Oh, Donald, will you stop worrying? I'm an excellent driver. I got 20/20 vision, great reflexes, and perfect coordination. How you got the car has little bearing on this case. Oh, I object! You can't. Oh. Well, what can I do to indicate that what you've said is not entirely correct... or accurate... Sir? You may object. Thank you, Your Honor. Proceed. With my story or with my objection? With your objection! I have outlined this conversation in such detail, so that Your Honor might realize the high degree of responsibility with which I was charged... Your Honor. Uh-hmm. Please proceed. In was proceeding in a northerly direction, maintaining a speed well within the limits set forth and prescribed by the judiciary of the city of New York. Do you usually talk like that? No, Your Honor, just when I'm in court. Well, I think it would be a little easier for all of us if you just talk like you do every place else. I was driving this way... and very slowly because, you see, I had the rubber tree plant in the back of the car. And you know, it wasn't as small as I thought it was. In fact, it's about 5 feet tall, and it has these beautiful green leaves and this really very attractive pot. Sounds lovely. Oh, it is. May I object, Your Honor? Yes, you may. Listen, we're wasting an awful lot of time with this jazz about the tree. I've got a business to conduct and I'd like to get out of here. Objection sustained. What did you just do? Well, Your Honor, right is right. I mean, the plant, though relevant, is really not important here. What do you think we should do now? Proceed. By all means! Anyway, I was driving back home and being extremely careful because of what I've said before... not about my boyfriend but about the plant. ♪♪ Oh! Oh, my gosh. Oh, oh, sir. Oh, are you all right? Are you okay? Why don't you watch where you're going, lady? I wasn't going. You were going. Listen, can I do anything? Yeah, stay off the streets for the rest of your life. Oh, just look at my sewing machine. Oh, is that what it is. It was. It was a brand-new deluxe Super Flyer. Chain stitches, embroiders, button holes, everything. And now it's garbage. I'm really sorry but... Oh no! Look what your sewing machine did to Don's car. Don's car deserves whatever it got. Oh, officer, I'm so glad you're here. What seems to be the trouble? See, we had this collision. Who was driving this car? I was. I was. Where's the other vehicle? Well, it wasn't a vehicle. It was a sewing machine. You were driving a sewing machine? No, no, no, no. I wasn't driving it. I'm a salesman. I was carrying it. And you collided? That's right. That's right. I better have your license number. Oh, yes, Officer. It's, uh, 4G82H9. Four-G... Eight-two. Eight-two... H-nine. H-nine. And what's your license number? A sewing machine doesn't have a license number. Oh, uh, why don't you give him the serial number off the sewing machine? All right. 326, 974, 38D, 11. Three-two... There, copy it. Keep it. Now, exactly what happened? I was stopped at the intersection, and he ran into me. I was crossing the intersection, and you ran into me. You hit my car broadside with your sewing machine. I did not! You did, too. I did not! You did, too. I did not. You did, too. I did not. You did, too. I did not. You did, too. Please, may we have a little order? I'm sorry, Your Honor, but he did. I did not! You did too. Didn't. Did. Didn't. Did. Didn't. Did. Didn't. Miss Marie, you claim that Mr. Lemming's sewing machine dented your fender. It most emphatically did. And is it true, as Mr. Lemming claims, that his sewing machine was also damaged? Well, I have to admit it was kind of sproinged. Sproinged? Well, you know. Sproing! I find it very difficult to believe that a pedestrian could run into your car. Your Honor, I realize that the circumstance is somewhat extraordinary, so I would like to, with the court's permission, introduce a witness. With the court's blessing, introduce him. He's not here, Your Honor. She's crazy. You stay out of this. Well, he'll be here. He'll just be a little late. Uh, but that doesn't matter because I've got another witness I'd like to call. All right, Miss Marie, introduce your witness. But please be brief. We still have to hear from Mr. Lemming. And boy, will you ever hear from me! Would you please call Mr. Don Hollinger? Mr. Don Hollinger. Your Honor, this is Don Hollinger, my boyfriend. Uh, just for the record. Congratulations, for the record. You may be seated. Mr. Hollinger, do you own a car? What are you talking about? I'm questioning you. Do you own a car? Ann, if I didn't own a car, we wouldn't be here in the first place. Just a simple yes or no, please. All right, uh, yes, Mr. Mason. Donald, that isn't necessary. Neither are those crazy questions. My dear children, I will decide what is necessary. Haste is necessary. Hear, hear! Stop it! Miss Marie, you don't have to prove that Mr. Hollinger owns the accident vehicle. We took your word for it. Oh, well, thank you, Your Honor. Mr. Hollinger, what was your reaction when I told you that a pedestrian ran into your car? You want me to tell the truth? Please do. All right, um, I didn't believe you. See, he's on my side. I'm not on your side. I am on her side. How can you be on her side when you don't believe her crazy story either? You missed me that time, Judge. Just what is the purpose of this line of questioning? Her purpose is to waste time. She's just stalling, Your Honor. Oh, no, Your Honor. My purpose is to prove that he didn't believe me because if he did believe me, we wouldn't be here. Oh, you should have believed her. Is there any other reason why this witness was called? Yes, there is, Your Honor. I am so glad. All right, then. Mr. Hollinger, let's just tell the court how upset you were when I told you that a pedestrian ran into your car. Oh. Oh, well, I, I wasn't that upset, Your Honor. Uh, you remember that I came back to your apartment right after I saw my insurance man. But, uh... Aw, golly, I wasn't that upset, Your Honor. A pedestrian could not have made that dent in the fender unless he was a pedestrian elephant. I told you, he made the dent with his sewing machine. Well, why not a washing machine? It would have made a bigger dent. Because, he's a sewing machine salesman. Hey, didn't you tell the insurance man about the needles in your engine? Yes, I did. Yes, I did. And he looked at me like they would cancel the policy. You really don't believe me, do you? You're very perceptive. Give me a hand with this thing. I'll bet you'd believe me if I told you I ran your car into a truck. Yip yup, that I would believe. You really don't have any faith in me, do you Donald? Ann, I had enough faith in you to loan you my car and let you run it into a truck. I can see I'm never gonna be able to convince you. I'm always open to the truth. I just wanna forget about the whole thing. Oh Yeah. Well, you can forget about it, but I have to live with a dented car. I'm gonna pay for it... even though it wasn't my fault because I did tell you I'd be careful and I feel responsible. Ann, look, you don't have to pay for it. I insist. Well, you can't insist. You're really very nice. You know, my car was demolished and this dumb tree came through without a scratch. Well, it's a good thing, too. Your car can always be repaired, but just think of what the trauma could have done to this plant. Trauma? How can a plant have a trauma? It's a living thing. It's probably very sensitive. Oh, listen. We better go in the next room and talk so it won't hear us. Donald, anything you have to say to me you can say in front of my plant. You know... look. Now I know how you had the accident. Well, this thing was obscuring your vision, right? I mean, with all these big leaves and all those branches and how wide it is. Well, you couldn't see, right? No. It was the man with the sewing machine who couldn't see. Ann, are you gonna start that ridiculous story again? It's not a ridiculous story. Why won't you just believe me? Do I have to believe you? I'm willing to forgive you. I don't want you to forgive me. You just don't know how frustrating it is for somebody to forgive you when you're telling the truth. All right then, have it your way. I don't forgive you. The way I want it is that you believe me. All right then, I do believe you. No, you don't. There's no way to please you. I don't wanna be pleased, Donald. I want to be believed. Yes? Miss Ann Marie? Yes. Congratulations. Oh, thank you. What was that all about? I don't know. I think I won something. Well, of all the nerve. It's a subpoena from Lemming. Yeah. He's "sewing" me for breaking his "suing" machine. We all know that he's "sewing" you for breaking his "suing" machine. What did I just say? You said, "We all know that he's sewing you for..." Court will recess for lunch. ♪♪ You think I'm winning? I don't know, Ann. But you got him so confused, you couldn't be losing. Don, are you starting to believe me? Oh, well, I'm sorry but, uh, witnesses are not allowed to discuss the case during the recess. ♪♪ Now that we've all had a good lunch, shall we take another crack at it? Unless, of course during recess, it was settled out of court? No, Your Honor. I was afraid of that. Very well, Miss Marie, you may proceed. Thank you, Your Honor. Not only do I intend to prove that Mr. Lemming is responsible for the damages that he caused... I am not responsible for the damages I caused. But my good name has been besmirched, and I intend to do everything in my power to unsmirch it. Your Honor, the testimony from Don Hollinger makes it very clear that my honor is at stake. And unless I can convince him in court and prove it here, never again will I ever be able to prove to him that I've been telling the truth. Miss Marie, I think it's about time you introduce the witness who did see the accident. There aren't any witnesses. Your Honor, I realized right away that I'd need a witness, so I returned to the scene of the crime. Oh, this isn't any crime. This is a civil suit. Oh. Well, I returned to the scene of the civil suit. You heard that, Your Honor. Look, for her own good, put her away. Your Honor, may I go on? And on and on and on and on and on... Anyway, I then returned to the scene of the... whatever-you-call-it and started looking for witnesses. ♪♪ Excuse me, sir, I wonder if you could help me. Just take them off, have a seat. I'll be with you in a minute. Oh no, I want to talk to you about an accident. See that sign over there? "Not responsible for damaged goods." Don't blame me. There's nothing wrong with my shoes. I meant a car accident. I didn't see a thing. Oh, you must have seen it. It happened right outside your window. Lady, even if I saw it, I didn't see it. I make it a habit to never get involved. Then you mean you won't help me? You got a broken heel? I'll fix it. If I had a broken heel, I don't think I'd let you fix it. Why not? I make it a habit never to get involved. May I help you, dear? Well, I hope you can. Uh, what would you like to see? Silver, china, I have some lovely Victorian doilies. I'm sure you do. It's just that I'm looking for a witness. A witness? I don't believe I have one. Well, it's not a thing. It's a person. Oh, witness. To what? To an accident. It just happened the other day. Oh, it was just terrible. I've never seen anything like it. I was in that accident. Oh my dear. I'm surprised to see you up and around. When that blue hard-top came around the corner... Oh, it was a red convertible. Well, I'm sure I must've seen it. I don't miss much of anything around here. It was the one where the pedestrian ran into my car. Oh yes, the pedestrian. Now I remember. It was a green pedestrian with a white top that ran smack into a lamp post. How much are those Victorian doilies? ♪♪ Excuse me, sir. But did you happen to see an accident right outside your shop about two days ago? I think there were a couple accidents this week. Well, mine was the one with the red convertible and the sewing machine. Huh? A-a-a man with a sewing machine ran into my car. Oh, now I get it. Oh did you see it? Oh sure, sure. Where's the camera? What camera? All right, I'll play along. What do you want me to say? We-well, just tell me what you saw. I bet you keep the microphone in your purse, huh? What are you talking about? Come on, tell me. When's this gonna be on TV? Look, all I wanna know is, did you see my accident? Oh, sure. You know, uh, I'm not only a butcher. I sing, too. ♪ Way down upon the Swannee River ♪ ♪ Far, far away ♪ Miss Marie, you promised this would have something to do with the witness. Your Honor, I found my witness at the butcher shop. Well, I didn't exactly find him. Actually, he found me. The witness found you? Yes. Well you see, I left my name and telephone number to all the stores that I went to, you know, just in case somebody came by that had seen the accident. And when I got home that night, a man called me who had seen the whole thing and he got my number from the singing butcher. May we hear from the witness, please? He's not here. Aha! A witness isn't of much value if he isn't present in the court. Well, I was trying to explain before that he had to go to a wedding, but he will be here. I just know he will. He can't be very reliable if he isn't here. He's a very reliable man. Uh-hmm, you can rely on him to cover up for you. What's the name of your witness? You know, I was so excited when he called, I forgot to ask him. Why don't you just make up a name? I really do have a witness. I just didn't remember to ask his name. Could we take another recess? I'd be too tempted not to come back. May we hear from you now, Mr. Lemming? Thank you, Your Honor. That is, if the statute of limitations hasn't run out yet. I'll make this as brief as possible. Just take her story and reverse everything she said. But my witness will tell you that I'm not at fault! How much did you pay him to say that? I didn't pay him anything. Ha! That's why he didn't show up. May I say something? Yes, Your Honor. Oh, tell her good, Judge. Miss Marie, it's Mr. Lemming's turn now. Will you please proceed? Your Honor, I was walking along minding my own business and carrying my brand-new deluxe Super Flyer which is now garbage when this dizzy dame come barreling down the street aiming straight at me. Anyway, Your Honor, it's just her word against mine and you can see by her own testimony how valuable her own word is. I rest my case. Oh incidentally, Judge, I'm a very heavy contributor to the Police Athletic League. Thank you, Mr. Lemming. The bailiff has informed me that a gentleman has arrived who says he is a witness for Miss Marie. He came. I told you he'd come. Well, he's too late. He'd probably lie through his teeth anyhow. Oh please, Your Honor. I throw myself on the mercy of the court. As I thought you'd come to this sooner or later, you may question the witness. Oh thank you, Your Honor. Bailiff, may we have the witness please? I demand to cross examine this witness, Your Honor. I guarantee you, he'll be just as phony as that singing butcher. That's phony, P-H-O-N-E-Y, real, big phony. You're my witness? That's right, Miss Marie. I'm Father John Morton. Well, how are you, Father? Fine, thank you. That's nice. And, uh, how was the wedding? It was beautiful. Well, I guess that just about completes my questioning. Your witness, Mr. Lemming. Father, uh... how are things down at the parish? ♪♪ ♪♪ Well, Donald, do you believe me now? If I didn't, I might be struck by lightning. Did you see the look on Mr. Lemming's face? For the first time, he was speechless. All I can say is, it's a lucky thing Father Morton arrived when he did because that judge was ready to throw the book at you. You know, I feel kinda sorry for poor Mr. Lemming. Well what about me? I'm the guy with the dent. Well, you won. Now I can pay you in cash or, if you like, you may have a sewing machine. Well that's very nice of you, Mr. Lemming. I think I'd kind of like to have a sewing machine. Now, now wait a minute. Who's gonna pay for my car? I'll pay for it. Just think of all the money I'm gonna save making my own clothes. ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 