Halloween Wars: Season 10, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Halloween Wars 
 s10e3 - Monster Support Group - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Halloween Wars (2011–…): Season 10, Episode 3 - Monster Support Group - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There's a chill in the air For the third frightful night Of "Halloween wars"... We want to terrify those judges. ...As four teams combine cake, sugar... Come on, come on. ...And carved pumpkin... Oh! ...To give us nightmares. At the end of tonight's battle, One more team will be eliminated... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh! You are so much better than this. ...While the rest fight on for $50,000. - Whoa! - Whoa! - Winner. Winner. - Have fun. And another terrifying battle of "Halloween wars" Starts right now. Walking back in the kitchen, We're feeling really confident today. Two in a row, we're the team to be beat. Welcome back to "Halloween wars". When it comes to Halloween and horror movies, One of the most terrifying characters Is the iconic mad scientist. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And when you're a mad scientist, You can always make your own companion. And that's why we want you to conjure Your most twisted vision of the mad scientist's new pet. Remember, win this round And earn an extra assistant in the next round. You have got just 45 minutes, And the clock starts right now. - Mad scientist, new pet. - What are we going to do? Gotta be a creature of some sort. I think a snake would be cool. Maybe he lost his favorite pet. He's going to stitch them together with other animals. Do three of them, right? What about a dog face? That'd be great... maybe we do A scorpion in the back, too? Perfect. I'm heading for the patch, I've got to get a pumpkin. The mad scientist's beloved dog dies, And he wants him to live on. So piece of iguana here, some scorpion there. Whatever works to make him walk. Winner winner. The pumpkin's got a really good meat on it. It's a nice, tight grain. I am going to be carving the iguana body. I've got to find just the right pumpkin With the right curvature Because I need to do this in one piece Because I don't have time to patch seams. I've got to really cut in the details... The ribs, the scales. Then I've got to line it up with the dog head And the scorpion tail. I need mine there before they can put theirs in. How far out the back will your tail stick? Is that good or bad? Be better if it was up more. - Shortening more? - Yeah. Steve's going to do the tail and claws For the stinging scorpions. He's going to use blown sugar for the tail And he's going to do pulled sugar for the claws. - I'm needing three hands. - Dan, can you build me an arm? I'm on it. You got to make that really look like a zombie, right? - Yeah. It's going to be scary. - Zombie dog. Haymu's going to be doing the pug head. She's going to take a rice cereal ball, Cover it in modeling chocolate. She'll go to town and put in the fine details. She's going to color the modeling chocolate as she goes And then do a final airbrush at the end. You guys, I'm making the big back part there To go on dan's backside there. - Oh, his tail. - Yeah. The hardest part about this piece Is getting steve's sugar Onto my pumpkin without breaking it. Is it going to melt and fall? But we might have to sit him on top of this notch. Amy, you think this is big enough for the fish? I think that's definitely big enough for the fish. Our mad scientist wants to make his fish able to walk, And what better way to make a fish walk Than combining him with a duck? We've got to make sure that we have time To put this thing together. Chad is going to carve the fish body And the duck feet out of pumpkin. He is going to take the natural curve of the pumpkin, In order to create the curve of the fish, To make it look like it's swimming. The curve looks awesome. I'm going to start carving the head. I'm going to make the fish head of cake and cover it in fondant. I'm going to use a few specialty tools To add the gills and all the details in the face. How are the beakers coming, janet? Back in science lab. Feel like med school all over again. Because we really want to set the scene of a mad scientist, Janet's going to make beakers and test tubes. I may have to adjust the angle of it some. I think this tail's looking pretty cool, though. I'm liking the way this body is shaping up. I just wanted to have a little bit more height Out of this cake. The mad scientist had his favorite cat, His sweet little boo, And so when boo passed through the veil, He figures that not only will he bring him back, He'll improve him a little bit. Frankenstein cat. So I'm thinking lots and lots of wrinkles And an ugly mug. The hardest part is going to be Getting the head to articulate in a way That doesn't look like a butternut squash Resting against a pile of cake. That's pretty close. Dead on. Nice. I'll even it out with the airbrush. I'm going to match the fondant to that butternut squash color So that it's one cohesive unit. Hey, I'm going to start from blowing on the tail. Cesar is taking pulled sugar And shape it into a long, sinuous tail. Deane, how are you looking on the cat head? Scary as hell. It's time to say hello to your judges. Award-winning cake artist, shinmin li. Hey. Special effects makeup artist And horror film director, todd tucker. Hey, guys. And now it's time to say hello to your guest judge. From the smash hit movie "annabelle comes home", Please welcome katie sarife. - Oh, cool. - Wow! Hi, everyone. Her movie scared the daylights out of me. Dolls, creepy dolls, and no... Scary. So, judges, mad scientist, new pet. What are you hoping to see? I would love to see pieced together animals, Taking, like, zebra heads on, like, bunny bodies. Yeah, I just want to see just different body parts. I want to see something that you wouldn't expect. - It's got to be scary. - It's got to be scary. - Got to be scary. - Yes, yes. Got a name for this guy, jeff? Poly-saurus rex, How about that? I love it. Our mad scientist, he's a genetic mad scientist, So he takes an iguana, a parrot, And he threw a piranha in there, too. I don't trust the depth of this. I don't want to break through. I'm going to have to rely more on paint for this, guys. Derek's going to carve the parrot head from pumpkin. He looks angry. That's what we want. I have to make the body out of rice cereal treat Covered in fondant. I came up with this technique just now. Making some feathers on the fly. The transition from feathers into scales, I'll try to do the same thing on the back of his head With a pumpkin. I've got to start airbrushing this thing. Joel, you good? - I'm nervous right now. I've got to try to take this out, And I only got one shot. The beakers, in itself, is a huge feat. Oh, yeah, I got it guys. You have to blow the beaker ball, Then he has to pour another tube And attach that to the blown ball for the beaker. Guys. Beautiful. Joel, he is just good. I hate to pressure you, but don't forget my teeth. Alright? We chew up the competition. 30 minutes, guys. I still got to make a mohawk. I don't know if I'm going to be able to get it done. Cesar, how are we doing? How's the mice? Mice are coming along. - Stay the course, baby. - Stay the course. We're going to come together at the last minute, haymu, And it's going to be great. I trust you, big ogre. Wow. That really does look uniform. Oh, I love it. I love it. It's going to look cohesive. I'm just going to put some more stitches in here. Boo is stitched together, So I'm going to take my groove tool And then I'll make little stitches. And then once deane has airbrushed it, Those stitches should pop. Deane is killing it on this airbrushing. It looks great. - Going with a red head, right? - Looks good, jeff. When you're looking at it aesthetically, He is going to be really colorful, But that little bugger will eat you alive. Oh, nice. Okay. We've got this one guys. We've got it. 10 minutes left. I'm going to airbrush the fish a little bit of orange first. Make sure that it looks like that pumpkin And then I'll add in some details. I think we got to get those mice on there. We've got to get the tail on there. 10 minutes, you guys. We got this. We got this, you guys. - Dan? - Yeah? So here, look? We'll stick this over here like this. The hardest part is making sure the pumpkin's in place Because we're going to slot the blown sugar tail Underneath the pumpkin body to hold it in place. It's just going to be held by gravity. Six minutes left. Really? I need to get that back in. We don't have a lot of time. - Look out, look out, look out. Steve tries to join the tail to the pumpkin. I look down, And it sticks out the rear end. I don't think it'll fit. It looks bad. Getting the perfect marriage of sugar and pumpkin is impossible. Oh, man. We don't have a lot of time. I need to get that stuff back there. Our team is making the mad scientist's beloved dog Combined with a piece of iguana here, some scorpion there. Pick up his back a little bit. Teamwork. Steve tries to join the tail to the pumpkin And it sticks out the rear end. I mean, it looks funny. Yeah, scoop it out. Poke it under, steve. I'm going to jam something underneath him. Just give me anything. That'll raise him up a little. We're painting, we're trying to make it Seamless from dark to light. The color is matching. We'll just airbrush it more. Yeah. Got five minutes left. - Jeff, you doing good? - Oh, that looks great. I've just got to get the feet on it. Our mad scientist takes some of his favorite pets And combine them into one creature. - I've got to get the feathers on. - We got to get the teeth on. We've got to get that on like now. Here, jeff, got to get this on. We can't shake this too much guys, Because that might slide off. I'm painting h2o on the water tanks. I'm starting the second feet right now, amy. Awesome. Have you got time? We got five minutes left. - Oh, yeah. Our mad scientist is literally creating a fish out of water. I'm just going to give you some more bubbles. Cool, that'll be awesome. Can you hit these feet a little bit? Airbrush them down, They're going to make them stand out. We've still got to get the isomalt on the board. Is that something I could start on? Sweet little boo is stitched together With bits of duck or lizard. Let me see, where we are going to put this tail. This tail does involve a lot of risk. You slide that in wrong and it shatters. - It's a long piece of wire, man. - Cut me a wire. Right there. - Right here? - Right there. I'm providing a piece there to bolster it up. Okay. I hope that stays. One minute left. And then we throw a little paint right there. You guys, I've got to put the beakers. I got to put the beaker, and we can't touch it after that. - Okay. - I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. - I feel a little fishy. We're done. We're done. This is actually the best angle right here. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Hands off your displays. - Nice. That actually looks good. - Whew, lord. In this small scare, we asked you to show us Your spookiest mad scientist's new pet. Ghoulicious, introduce us to your new friend. This is boo. The scientist decided that not only would he reanimate him, He would improve him a little. The head is made out of pumpkin, the body is cake. We have a sugared lizard tail, And we have some pulled sugar mice for him, as well. He's really cute in, like, a scary way. I like the stitching a lot. The detail on the stitching's really cool, And I like the detailing on this guy's face. I just would have liked him to be In a slightly more active position Or it kind of looks like he might be taking a snooze. Well I feel like you guys Are finally getting proportions right. I'm not crazy about his body language. He's very passive, And I think it would be a lot more interesting If his head were reared up a little higher. Now, cesar, you are so much better than this. The tail is just super sloppy, And the mouse doesn't resemble a mouse to me at all. It's a nice sculpture. You got a lot of character In the body, in the face. If you go in and just make those eyes pop, It's going to help your character Because my eye is going to go to that eye, And instantly I'm going to start to enjoy this piece. Ghoulicious, thank you very much. Crave diggers, you're up. Our mad scientist decided to combine an iguana And a parrot and a piranha. The head is pumpkin, the tail is our cake portion. We have sugar feathers that he ate and also sugar beaker. I like how you have the tail going into the bird's wings. You go from the green to the blue and a nice transition. You have to be careful of positioning. At first, it kind of felt like that feather was a nose. A little confusing for me. Normally, I'm not such a fan Of such a static position Because he's just absolutely straight up vertical, But what you did is you leaned the head forward, And that brought it to life for me. As someone who's acted in the "conjuring" universe, The monsters are the coolest parts. One of the things that makes him so interesting is the detailing. It really feels like almost a monster gone awry. Thank you, crave diggers. Candy corners. So our mad scientist was very jealous Of all of his friends being able to walk their pets, And he figured, "why not? I'll just take my fish out." So after a few failed attempts, he finally created gillian. The white striping in the center is just everything. It really just brings it alive and it breaks up the colors So that you can really see the detail That you put into the body there. Where you guys are kind of falling a little short, Actually are your smaller, kind of decorative elements. I think the sugar beakers just look really rough. It's a lot of fun. As far as the actual character itself, You have some movement in the body, which is nice. If you're going to position the display this way, You need to have the head pointing at us so we can see it. I like that you kind of created a scene with this. I think that's really cool. Candy corners, thank you very much. Mummies' rejects. Carl is a mad scientist whose favorite family pet Was struck down way before his time. He scours the country to find creature parts To stitch him back together. The head is rice cereal and modeling chocolate, The tail and the front pincers are blown sugar, And the body is pumpkin. I love, love the scorpion claws. Those are so cool. I also really like his under bite. If you had told me you were going to make a blue dog, I would have said that might not work, But actually your color palette here Works extremely well for me. Now, the biggest issue I'm seeing with this right now Is the fact that you have two front legs That don't look anything like legs, But I do like this dog, And I think you guys did a very nice job. I love that this character has such presence. I like the tail on the back. I like that it comes to a nice point, But the face of it is just too heavy for me. It's a really big wad, And it doesn't make a lot of sense. Mummies' rejects, thank you very much. Lots of cuddly creepiness to contemplate. The judges will need a minute to think it over. We deserve to win this small scare. We haven't won one yet. I mean... I feel we really deserve to win this challenge Because we've demonstrated what a cohesive unit can do. Coming up... easy, man. - Nobody breathe on this thing. - We wanna terrify those judges. When you do something, we want to see it. Take it up with nature. For this small scare, we challenged you To show us your most terrifying vision Of a mad scientist's new pet. The judges felt there was one team Who gave us the most seamless combination Of cake, sugar, and pumpkin. Congratulations... Crave diggers. We win it. I mean, our first small scare, And we get that extra assistant now. Finally got one. Let's face it. Life as a monster is tough. Chasing after people all day long is exhausting, And when you try to let loose at the dance club, Everybody just runs away screaming. That's why we want you to show us the beastly bonding That goes down at a monster support group, Whether it's a weekly werewolf poker game Or a cooking class for vampires. Just make sure it's healing and of course... Terrifying. And make sure to lay out some devilishly delicious doughnuts For a mid-meeting pick-me-up. Each of you will be given one assistant, And, crave diggers, You get double the help You earned from your win in the small scare. You have got just five hours. Get to work. Alright, guys, what do you think? We've got to get them in this round. First round... We're winning in the second round. We can't lose anymore. What if it was the "odd eye fellow society"? It's for monsters that have an odd number of eyes. In a world of binocular beings, It's hard to have an odd number of eyes. Deane, you think you could stack some pumpkins like that? Pumpkin, pumpkin, pumpkin, pumpkin. I got a lot of pumpkin going on. Whoa. I'm just going to roll mine. Deane is going to be carving all of the heads. You don't want me to give you any faces, deane? You can give me a face. I'm using my... What about this face? What about this? Oh, wow. He's going to be carving five pumpkins in five hours. It's a lot of pumpkins. I'm going to have the cyclops here For you pretty soon. So I'm boiling the sugars. I got yellow going, I got metallic blues. These eyes that cesar has to pull off Are a challenge all of their own. There's definitely an art to it, And if you have black for a pupil And color for an iris, And they're not totally cooled off, They run together. That is fantastic. I'm going to be doing the bodies of the odd fellows Using cake, rice cereal treats, modeling chocolate, And, of course, fondant. It's ambitious. Yay! - Welcome back. - How are y'all? - Good, I'm rachel. - Rachel! We get that extra assistant now. So now we have a lot to get done That we plan on in this next spine chiller. We're going to go for classic monsters. We're going to pick frankie, We're going to do a female vampire, and a mummy. We're going to make a little swamp Where they can just go and sit and relax. I think we'll be all right. I can still get that squared-off look. Frankie's head is really square, And he really wants to put a lot of detail in it. Cause I think some bubbles on the pond are going to be nice. - So it looks like it's boiling. - Yeah. Can you make some and cut them in half, So they're like half popped on the surface? Oh, nice. That'd be a great idea. Joel, he's going to be pouring the entire swamp out of sugar. The surface of the pond is really crucial To make it look like they're sitting in water. Ha! This is my best masterpiece ever. Frankie's body's going to be a different challenge 'cause he's not wearing any clothes. I'll sculpt him out of modeling chocolate And just give him a good chiseled-looking body. Abs are just like mine. Look at that, incredible. What do you think about this For the top of the pillar on each side? I love it. Okay, let me know if I need to help With that structure on the bar. Okay. After a long day of vampiring, Our vampires go downstairs to their favorite bar, Which is conveniently located Underneath the local blood bank. Chad is going to carve a bat out of pumpkin, And we're going to have that hanging from the ceiling. The taps behind the bar are going to be bone, So chad's going to carve them out of potatoes. He's going to do them really, really early on In hopes that they oxidize And get that really old, creepy bone effect. So this is just a bloom sheet gelatin. I added a little bit of simple syrup. I want it to be slightly pliable when it sets up. Instead of having beer on tap, We're going to have blood on tap. So we're going to use iv bags from the blood bank, And I'm going to make those using gelatin. So we're casting the sugar, we're going to make up the bar. Janet is going to make the countertop out of isomalt. It's going to be a horseshoe-shaped bar That she's going to have to cast in several different pieces In order to make it one unit. Then she's going to add several different colors of powder After she pours it In order to create that swirled marble design. What do y'all think about this marbling? - It looks beautiful. - Yeah. I'm going to try to get him assembled Then I'm going to go to flinging hair. We come up with three monsters That are down on their scare quotas, So they go on a weekend camping trip To get their head screwed on right. This is one of the biggest pumpkins That I've ever been able to carve. We don't really get them this big back home. For rocket, the werewolf, I need to find a thick pumpkin Because I want the pumpkin to support itself. Trying to cool down this black sugar So I can do some blown sugar ravens. Steve is going to be blowing the ghost out of sugar, But first steve's going to start blowing A couple of crows in sugar. He uses a little bladder And he'll start airing it up and shaping it as he goes And he's got to constantly put it back under the heat, Bring it out of the heat. So, guys, here's a raven. What do you think? Oh, looks good. So haymu's going to make her big monster out of cake, Rice cereal, and modeling chocolate. She's going to make a stump for him to sit on So you can see him above the fire. I guess the texture and details in every art piece... Yeah, we really got to step it up this time. Get our first big win. Four hours left! We've got to hurry, hurry, hurry. - Alright, guys. - Yeah! Ahh! Come on! - Teamwork, kids, teamwork. - That's it. We need to make sure we win this one 'cause those crave diggers need to be taken down a notch. Monster support group. What are you seeing out there? I see lots of characters. This is so exciting because one of my favorite things Is to see how these characters interact with each other. Every single station Has at least two or three characters each, Which is really cool. - And they're so different. These are creatures that if I was to be in a horror film With these things, I just would be absolutely terrified. I think our surface is pretty good. I like watching joel work his magic. Don't drop him. Don't drop him. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Well, let's get that chandelier up there. I know! Janet is making the chandelier. She's going to cast several different squirrels And then glue them all together with more isomalt In order to create this 3-d shape. Amy, how's it going? I want to make sure the judges recognize That they're all the same kind of creature. Giving us critique on the faces not matching up And I want to make sure that they match this time. I'm making the characters out of cake, fondant, Rice cereal treats, and modeling chocolate. I tried to make him a little extra creepy. Definitely going for spooky this time. Yeah. I like the pointy in the clothing That you got going there. The more nightmares we give people, the better. I want him to appear like a scary werewolf, But he's going to be doing a funny thing By holding the light shining up at himself. I want rocket to be sitting with his legs crossed, Holding a flashlight. It needs to have that playful side Where he's looking at it 'cause they're at a retreat. They're trying to get their mind right. That is one giant werewolf Made entirely out of pumpkin. This team actually is the one team That consistently gives us a horrifying finished product. I needed a step ladder to work on this guy. I'm too short! Oh, that's nasty looking. I am covering this arm With more modeling chocolate, rice crispy, And now I'm going to add a finishing layer of fondant, And then I'm going to detail it with some hair. Deane, how big is this pumpkin head going to be? It's in the refrigerator. Deane is carving all of the heads of the odd fellows. The pumpkin is too small. I told you, I can't make the pumpkins a different size. That's a really bad problem, deane. We've run into some problems with proportion Because I have scaled my setup for a much larger pumpkin. Was supposed to go on top. I thought we talked about that. No. Unfortunately, the pumpkin that we have Is the pumpkin that we've got to use. The scale is way too small. Take it up with nature. It's not going to get any bigger. Damn it. Listen, look, look, stop, stop, stop. I'm not sure how to fix the scale problem. Well I'm trying to figure out now we've got a scale problem Because the pumpkin is too small. Deane is carving all of the heads of the odd fellows. That's a really bad problem, deane. It's the way pumpkins grow. I have scaled my setup for a much larger pumpkin. Unfortunately, the pumpkin wasn't the right size. Deane is already really behind, so he can't start over. I'm not sure how to fix the scale problem, you guys. Well, you're going to have to Because the pumpkin isn't going to get any bigger. The pumpkin that we have Is the pumpkin that we've got to use. So now I've got to figure out How to build up some of that volume So that we have a creature without a long neck. And we're just going to use those To build it up a little. I spent way too much time On our vampire lady here. I got to get her some pointed ears, though. We're going to make a little swamp With a more relaxed frankie, The female vampire, and the mummy. He's going to be kind of floating in mid-air. - Is he going to fall? - I hope not. So crave diggers, you have another piece. It looks like a floating mummy or a ghost or something. And they continually defy gravity with their characters And always have motion. It's very cool. Ah, I'll tell you what. First time mummy wrapping, I'm not doing too terribly bad. The tasting elements are actually going to be Spiced pumpkin cake doughnuts. We roasted a pumpkin straight from the patch Over there with some spices. And then we made that into a cake doughnut batter. And then we did a cream cheese icing, With a little splash of bourbon. Oh, beautiful. He's going to top this thing With candied pumpkin seeds right from the patch. Ohhh. Mmm, you've got to teach me that recipe. Eric! Eric! Eric: Yeah? Why so quiet? Are y'all worried or what? I'm as worried as I was in the first two challenges. We're halfway done. I've got the torso, legs, and the head of the wolf done, So I still have two arms and a tail. - Haymu. - What? Need a hand? Haymu has her big monster built up to the head. She's got it looking good, But she still has a lot of detail to do. Steve has not quite started his apparition yet. Your ghost better be there, steve. Wizard's got his magic going. Cut that wand right there. This is the bottom part. I'm going to make a top part and then a head. And then he's going to have teeth coming out. So he's got a lot of small sugar work And a lot of big sugar work, But I don't think it's been done on the show before. - It's cool, right? - I like those hands, too. Monsters come out to mingle in two hours! Two hours, guys. What do you think? We need to start getting stuff done. It's going to be time up before long. - Dan, we need to hurry up! - Stay, doggy, stay. Jeff, I'm just going to paint him all gray. Now I'll go in and airbrush and make them look similar to yours. Okay? - Okay. That's really cool. What is that? It's corn silk. You had to dig deep in the pantry to find that. Turn him right there. That's awesome. Awesome. Alright, guys, I'm going to get started on the tasting element, One part of the tasting element, okay? So for the tasting element, Cesar's making a graham cracker beignet With a smoked chocolate crémeux. You're smoking chocolate? - You're smoking chocolate? - I'm smoking chocolate. - I ain't never smoked chocolate. Well, I'll show you how to do it one day! ...And a vanilla toasted marshmallow top. That's it, nice and toasty, marshmallowy. We've got to get that top on there. We've got to get the characters. Alright, chad. The judges love that we do full scenes, So we really want to add a lot of components To create this elaborate bar scene. Is that centered? Yes. Chad has to hang the chandelier very, very carefully. Alright, let's get that tabletop. Have a little faith. Look how beautiful that is. - That is gorgeous. I am grinding up the peanuts for our tasting element. For the tasting element, we want to do A play off of salty bar snacks. Chad, I'm glazing the doughnuts. They're almost ready, Then I can have you guys finish off the display. So we're going to fill the doughnuts with the red caramel, And then we're going to top them with salted roasted peanuts. We got this, you guys. Come on guys, let's go! We've got to go. I'm just adding the hoof, and then I'm done. - Can we add it on the board? - Yeah, yeah, yeah! Haymu's piece is extremely cool, extremely detailed, But it's taken her a little longer than expected to finish. We need him on the board So steve can put his on the board. Yeah, those look a little dark. Oh, do they? Actually, I think they're perfect. Mm, okay. Steve's come up with a doughnut recipe That I think is really going to kill them. It's a s'more doughnut with chocolate ganache And crushed graham crackers. It should taste like the world's best s'more. Steve, where do you want to put the tasting element at? Ah, let's find a spot that's open So we can fill some space. There's no support group for losing "Halloween wars", But one team's going to have time to start one in one hour. Come on, let's go. Let's hustle. Let's hustle. Just need to paint, paint, paint, paint. Making the bar tap handles, And I'm painting on the blood types on each one. So it's like different flavors. The marshmallow sticks are right there If you want to start stabbing them With marshmallows and eyeballs. - Feeling the pressure, guys. - You got it. Last hour, we're putting on lily pads. Joel's working on the dragonflies, getting them set. I don't have time to just sit here and hold this, But I have no choice. We're just trying to button down all the little stuff Before we put the heads on these bodies. - Got to bury the other teams. - That's right. Heather, my flames are ready. My rocks are ready. Logs are ready. Uh-huh. I want everything done before I start laying down. Thanks, cesar. We got it. We know, we know. Deane, do you have some heads for me? I need to be left alone for about five minutes. I'm still not really crazy about the bodies. That's something that they struggle with quite often. They have great pumpkin faces Because I think they do rely quite heavily on deane. Deane, we've got to get it on there. We've got to start spraying. - I need to be left alone. It's still quite a bit to come together, But yeah, it's the same problem we've had before. Their bodies look kind of identical, so very static. Very little movement in any of these pieces at this point And that seems to be an ongoing theme for these guys. - Let's go guys. Let's go. - How about you, cesar? I'm all set, I'm waiting on you guys. Let's go! Wonderful. Yay, cesar! There's so many things to do. I'm feeling like literally chicken with its head cut off. - Deane-o! - I'll get back to you. How are we looking? Heather, my flames are ready. My rocks are ready. Logs are ready. Wonderful, yay, cesar! There's so many things to do. I'm feeling like literally chicken with its head cut off. Deane-o, let's go! Don't be messing with my money. Deane, how's that last head going? It's coming. I want everything done before I start laying down. There's no time to fix or arrange Or anything like that. Really we just have to keep going. - There you go. - We can do this! 10 minutes till you're done! - Hold on. - Okay, he's going down now. That's good. Perfect. Just be careful. Coming around, coming around, coming around. Alright. Just watch. Just a little worried about this guy holding up. Nobody breathe on this thing. You have one minute left! What are we missing? Hit the eyebrows on the guy sitting down. Coming through! Hot! Put some buttercream on the bottom. - I'm going to add dry ice, okay? - Dry ice. Yes. Do it now. - 10... - Careful! - ...9, 8... - Careful the wings, guys. Come on you got to hustle, hustle. ...7, 6, 5... - Got the tasting element on? - Scatter that. ...4, 3, 2... - How are we looking? - How are we looking? ...1! Hands off your displays! - Looks good. - Thanks. Thanks for the help. In this spine chiller, the judges wanted to see The tender side of terror In a monster support group. Judges, let's take a look. Mummies' rejects. Tell us about your display. Our three monsters decided to go on a weekend camping retreat To clear their heads. There's no need to take a snack Because you just dig up a fresh cadaver And have brain kabobs. The wolf is completely pumpkin. The apparition is all blown sugar. The monster in the back is cake and modeling chocolate. The crows, the fire, And wrought iron fence are sugar. So what are we tasting today? We have a s'more doughnut that's deep fried With a marshmallow filling And a chocolate ganache that has a tiny bit of brandy in it. I like the texture of the doughnut a lot. Very, very light, But still crispy around the edges. But it was overwhelmingly smoky, So I didn't really taste sweetness. I didn't taste the dark chocolate. I just tasted smoke. You guys literally have three amazing creatures here And what impresses me more than anything Is that one of them is pumpkin, One of them is cake, And one of them is sugar. And the designs of these characters Are off the charts, you guys. The fact that you created this werewolf out of one pumpkin And supported its own weight, you have done him justice. Haymu, I hate your monster Because it's so scary And I actually feel it under my skin. And when you create a physical reaction, Then you've really succeeded. I would totally buy him as a movie monster. The boils on the skin, it's gross, Which is great because it's horror. I'm not a fan of the background Just because it picks up on the colors Of the creature in the middle. Thank you, mummies' rejects. Candy coroners, let's talk about your display. After a long, grueling day, The vampires all gather in their favorite bar In a basement of a blood bank. The vampires themselves are carved out of cake, Rice cereal treats, modeling chocolate, and fondant. The bar top is made of isomalt, As well as the hanging chandelier. And the tops of the columns on the sides are carved pumpkin. We are serving you a salted blood clot doughnut With a blood red caramel, And then topped with salted roasted peanuts. The flavor didn't develop enough in the proofing, And that also created kind of a dry and really heavy doughnut. But I love the theme. I love the savory peanuts on top. It's really, really appropriate for the bar scene. I love your color palette. I love this kind of aged feel everywhere. I think this bar looks amazing. I'm not crazy about this character In terms of the body position. He seems a little bit too big for the bar. The positioning of his legs Looks like he should be sitting on a stool. You have a bit of an empty spot in the front here. If you had brought those two characters on the side in, So that they were all part of the visual, It would have fixed that and also lost The empty space in the front. Katie. It just looks like it's a still from a movie. They all kind of feel like they have a story, Which is interesting. This guy over here, Looks like he's had a really rough day. Thank you. Ghoulicious, let's talk about your display. In a world of snotty, binocular beings, Being a non-typical eyed monster is really kind of rough. So these guys like to take their woes Out to the middle of nowhere. The heads are made out of pumpkin. The bodies are made out of cake and fondant. The eyes are made out of glass sugar. The flames are made out of pulled sugar. And for the tasting element, I did a japanese doughnut, Filled it with a smoked chocolate crémeux With just a little toasted marshmallow. I wished your doughnut were a little sweeter, But what I did like is I got that smokiness And that actually just really tasted like a campfire to me. I think it's really clear That these guys are in a support group. I love these amazing sugar eyes, And then I love the campfire. The flames are expressed in the right way. Now, deane, I think what we love so much from you Is really your intricate pumpkin work. And because you've done five different pieces Of pumpkin here, you didn't get time To concentrate on just one character. One thing that I like about this right off the bat... The way you have the pumpkins stacked, That was really cool. One of the issues I have Is you have a giant black spot here With nothing there. It feels like the balance of this piece is off. I really like the expression on these guys' faces. They all kind of have their own story going on. I think it's a really cute little campfire With a group of quirky characters. Thank you, ghoulicious. Crave diggers, you are up. For our monster support group, Frankie, dracula, and the mummy Wanted to come out for a day at the spa, So they're sitting there drinking some wine, Eating some sweets, And, of course, the mummy decides He's fixing to do a cannonball. Both hands are carved from pumpkin. The bodies are made from modeling chocolate And rice cereal treats. Mummy is made of rice cereal treats And modeling chocolate. All the water, the dragon flies, And the wine bottles, the glass, that's sugar. For the tasting element today, You have a spiced pumpkin doughnut With a cream cheese icing spiked with a little bourbon And then some candied pumpkin seeds. Joel, the texture of your cake is so moist, And then you added this crunchiness So it was just really well balanced In terms of flavor and texture. And, eric, you have a lot of humor in your work, And you create caricatures that is truly spectacular. I love this! It looks like such a fun little gathering. The dragonflies are just amazing. The sugar works and the pond is just really pretty, as well. Your characters are always really expressive, Extremely fun to look at, And your pieces always have motion, But I don't know this hits the theme. This feels more like monster party. All planning and all that hard work. How could we miss the theme on this? I'm worried. The judges are going to form their own support group And process a winner. We'll meet you back here in just a few minutes. There's so much great work here. Our display is just not as good as one of the others. That's the hair-line difference Between whether we go home or not. Alright, judges, you're down to four teams. They are all so dynamic. We're getting down to the wire now, So these guys are really trying to step it up, And a couple of the teams literally blew me away. Now let's talk about mummies' rejects. Wow. Dan's werewolf made out of pumpkin... That is one pumpkin... But that monster in the back, in the middle, he's so creepy. I'm definitely going to have nightmares tonight. Each one of these characters are individually Amazing on their own. The fact that all three of them Did one character each impresses me to no end. I love that they're all different creatures That all somehow fit. The backdrop was their biggest issue, And if they had just done something That was a different color so that I didn't feel like it Was muddying the rest of the piece, It would have helped them. Now, steve s'mores doughnut Tasted like a burnt piece of toast. It was so smoky, which is unfortunate Because I actually think his pumpkin Was fried up perfectly. Now let's talk about crave diggers. It looks like a really fun monster mash party. I really love those dragonflies. The characterizations on these characters are fantastic, And the finishing on them is amazing. The paint jobs, the sculptures. I think the one thing that they lacked on this one Is that the frankenstein character is gone. He's so dark that he just disappears into that background. Joel's sugar pieces. Again, not only did he have Those show-stoppers in the dragonflies And then those little green bubbles in the swamp, All sugar work, as well. That pumpkin cake was so moist And then topped with the caramelized seeds... That added a little bit of savory, a bit of crunch, And a little bit of nuttiness to the flavor. Let's talk about ghoulicious. I like the humor in this piece, And I really liked that they look like They are the odd eye fellows, So that does look like a support group to me. However, I don't know If they really thought about the design overall. And because he did five different pumpkin heads, The details are not really there Because he had to work on so many of them, But I think they interpreted the challenge The best in terms of story line. I feel like he really stretched himself By trying to do too many, And then unfortunately we had said before That we want the bodies to be the level of the heads. I think he went the other way. I liked the expressions on their faces And the quirkiness of each character. I like the three tiers. Cesar's doughnut is a little bit cakey, But that's actually what you expect Out of a japanese doughnut. It's different from a western doughnut. However, that being said, I really loved his marshmallow, And it had a little bit of that charred edge, Which really does feel like a s'more. Let's talk about candy corners. Yeah, I mean, I just really loved the whole atmosphere. Just seems like a really cool underground speakeasy I'd love to go to. But I just wish that they had brought The two characters on the side, Just brought them in so there wasn't that negative space. Janet created some of the most ambitious Sugar work I've seen. Not to mention, I love the blood clot doughnut idea. However, I thought it was a little Just too dry and really heavy. - It was really dry. - It should be a lot lighter. Alright, judges, one team's going to win And one team's going home. - Yep. - Mm. Let's bring back our teams. Teams, for this spine chiller, We asked you to give us your scariest vision Of a monster support group. In the end, the judges felt there was one team Who did all of that A little bit better than the rest. Congratulations... Mummies' rejects. Can't feel any better. We needed this win. We're tired of being second. Morale was getting a little low. This is big for us. That leaves three teams... Candy corners, ghoulicious, and crave diggers. One of you just didn't measure up. I'm feeling, you know, hopeful, But I'm also really anxious 'cause there are some definite design flaws here, But I think we pulled it off. We put all this thought into the details, But we missed the whole overall theme. It's really, really, really hard to say who's going to go home. It really just depends at this point What the judges are looking for. Ghoulicious... I'm sorry. You're done in this Halloween war. This was a really tough experience. There was design mistakes made. There's no doubt about it. Congratulations, guys. The next time you teams meet, You'll be facing off For a spot in the finale. We'll see you soon. We were capable of blowing this thing out of the water. Going to the next Halloween war, We're going to push ourselves to be the best. This season on "Halloween wars"... What the heck is going on with this stuff? Make sure it's scary. That little guy to me is the best character to date That you guys have done. In order to make something terrifying so beautiful, It's absolutely incredible. I give him a five-star experience here On "Halloween wars". Atta boy. I'm super excited to see what they'll do. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 