Halloween Wars: Season 10, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Halloween Wars 
 s10e2 - Blind Date from Hell - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Halloween Wars (2011–…): Season 10, Episode 2 - Blind Date from Hell - full transcript 
 The five remaining teams are challenged to depict a terrifying blind date. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Aah! Just put his eyeballs on the end of his fingers. Bennett: Tonight, the five remaining teams Of expert food artists Will combine their skills in cake... Li: These tasting elements are amazing. ...Candy... This is very fragile. ...And carved pumpkin... Empty as it gets here. ...As they face off in another blood-curdling battle. Daniel: I'm channeling my inner fortune teller. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We're gonna win. When the night is done, another team will meet their doom... You went big, and I think in this case, it was too big. Bennett: ...Leaving just four teams to journey on For a chance at $50,000. - Oh, no. - Oh! He just fell. - Oh, what happened? - Oh, my goodness. An all-new "Halloween wars" starts right now. ♪♪ [ laughs evilly ] ♪♪ Welcome back to the second frightening night Of "Halloween wars"! Yeah. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 For centuries, when people want to find out What the future holds, they turn to a fortune teller. Whether they use tarot cards, Tea leaves or even the classic crystal ball, Everyone is looking for a little bit of good news About what's to come. But here at "Halloween wars," we want you to show us a diviner Who foretells darkness in a challenge We call the misfortune teller. Remember, win this round And earn an extra assistant in the next round. You have got just 45 minutes. Get to work. ♪♪ Like the crystal ball? Deane: I can fill it with a head. - Can fill it with a head? - Yeah. Everyone is gonna do crystal ball. Stay away from that. Fortune cookie. Fortune cookie like it devoured somebody, Foot sticking out, pants like this. We're feeling excited. We just come off a good win. The winner... Crave diggers. Hopefully we can win two in a row. His takeout will take him out. There you go. Let's do it. Ready? Jeff: Guy goes and picks up his takeout. Instead of having a good fortune, He gets actually devoured by his fortune cookie. Somehow, guys, I got to make this look like a fortune cookie. Fortune cookie has got, like, a folded crack Down the middle like a spine. - Yeah. - Harder than it looks, guys. Joel, what are you starting with? I'm gonna start working on the teeth. Jeff: Joel, he's gonna be making our fortune-cookie teeth Out of pulled sugar. I'm gonna be making the takeout box out of cake, And I also have the leg coming out of the fortune cookie. The biggest challenge is just getting it all done In 45 minutes. Crazy, crazy. Eric: You guys gonna have time to do everything? I don't know. I love our story, guys. Instead of seeing misfortune for someone else, She sees herself. Heather, you are too much. The misfortune teller actually loves to tell misfortune. What she doesn't realize is that all of this negativity Is heating up her crystal ball until it sucks her into it, And then all that's left is a headless corpse. Once I get the basic shapes in, The details just fall into place. Deane is going to use pumpkin for this little, tiny head. I'm going to be making this bust out of cake covered in fondant, And then I'm gonna put ruffles overlapping one another So we have a very peasant-looking blouse For our fortune teller. Without the crystal ball, the whole thing becomes unclear. Cesar: Don't worry. I got it. Cesar is going to make his crystal ball out of sugar. This particular design is going to allow each of us To really showcase our talents. I'm gonna model us a little pair of hands here. Do you think our fortune teller can predict That we're gonna win the $50,000? I foresee it! Steve: Guys, we need that assistant. We got to do really good on this. Daniel: The story we've come up with is, Jack is a struggling artist. He visits a fortune teller. He tells her he wants to be able to paint with his hands As he sees with his eyes, but she flips it on him. The moral here is, be careful what you wish for. I'm doing some fine-tuning. 10 more minutes, And I'll be ready to try to start painting it. I'm gonna make the hand. I'll have to rough it in, then use my ribbon loops to cut it. Then I'll have to sand it. What's your status, haymu? I'm making the base and then add some decorations. Daniel: While haymu is making the base Out of cake covered in fondant, And then she has to make these modeling-chocolate eyeballs Attached to the end of his fingers. Steve: It's really important. I got to get this round Because if I don't get it round, it's not gonna look good. Steve will be blowing a big, sugar crystal ball. The big challenge is making the crystal ball In the amount of time because it has to cool Before I can even put my part on. As soon as you can do that, I can size it up And make sure how long this thing needs to be. Alright. Teams, I have the good fortune Of introducing your judges! Say hello to award-winning cake artist shinmin li... [ cheers and applause ] hey, guys. ...And special-effects makeup artist And horror-film director todd tucker! Hey, guys. Alright. And now let's say hello to your extra-special guest judge. You know him from "scandal." It's guillermo diaz. [ cheers and applause ] Oh, my god. Guillermo diaz, oh, my gosh, I've seen him everywhere. I am so excited to have him as the celebrity guest judge. Guillermo, I know you're a big horror-film fan, And you love Halloween. What do you love most about the genre? I love being scared and the makeup That all those super-talented people do, Sort of like this guy, So, yeah, that's what I love about it. - Roar! - Aah! Welcome to "Halloween wars," bud. Teams, you have 30 minutes left. Alright. I got to get started on the leg bad. He needs a jewel right there in the head. Can you give me a jewel? I can get you a jewel. Chad: Alright, guys. We won the last 45-minute challenge, So we need to nail this. The genie decided to start charging for fortunes, But unfortunately, since his powers weren't real, He couldn't even predict his own unfortunate fortune Of being sucked back into the lamp for all of eternity. Hopefully I can get all of these assembled back together. Chad is gonna carve the genie bottle out of pumpkin. Rolling out the fondant for the genie head. I'm gonna carve the genie head out of cake and fondant. I'm doing green now, okay, guys? Janet is gonna cast a bunch Of different-colored jewels out of isomalt sugar, And then she's also going to make spun-sugar smoke That is sucking the genie back into the lamp. Oh, yeah, that looks really cool. [ thunder crashes ] Saggy skin, a little musculature showing through. Carmel: We're doing this old, decrepit witch. Zelda rolls the bones, and she uses her own eye And her own bones to predict our future. Start working the ribs. There's the clavicle. Sternum is right here. Jim is gonna be making the body out of pumpkin. She's really emaciated and thin. You know, you guys, I think I want to make Zelda kind of witchy-looking. You know what? I'm gonna need an eye pretty quickly. Going to have to wait a little longer. Vanessa has to do the eyes out of isomalt, And that takes forever to cool down. I'm gonna use the back just as a mold. She's also gonna be doing zelda's brass bowl Where she's rolling her bones. Like, where does this time even go? Hopefully this won't fall, eric. Eric: This one can't fall. We're gonna find out. I still got to airbrush the pumpkin, But I've got to let it dry a little bit. Steve: Alright. Board still needs to be completed. You ready? You're gonna have to wrap around the bottom of it. Here is the tricky part, steve. Right, just perfect, huh? Bennett: 10 minutes left! Carmel: Come on, you guys. It's all hands on deck. Don't worry about flesh color. Just help get some orange fondant, knead it out. Turn it just like that. ♪♪ That's good. Getting a little tight on time, you guys. Chad, that pumpkin needs to go on the base. Amy, I'm getting worried about this. Janet is working on the spun-sugar smoke That is sucking the genie back into the lamp. This isn't working. What do you think? I think it'll work. I don't know, amy. Well, that crystallized. Spun sugar is temperature-sensitive. I think it was just too hot, And she couldn't get long-enough strands, So we're not able to cover all the area that we need to. Janet, don't worry about the sugar. We got it covered. Sorry, I thought this white isomalt would work. Quickly, I grab a bucket of fondant, start rolling it out To make sure everything is completely covered, And hopefully it still has a spiral effect To look like he's being sucked down into the lamp. Chad, we need to get that pumpkin on the base right now. Alright, boss lady. How are you looking? Yes, sir, I am golden. Wow, that's amazing! I love it! What do you got left on the crystal ball, cesar? I'm gonna try to demold her Out of this bowl right here, sir. We are still waiting for cesar's crystal ball. And are we gonna be good? Give it a little heat, and hopefully she releases. I can't put the hands on it Until we have a crystal ball in place. Just a thin... Guys, we got a problem. The sugar doesn't want to come off this bowl. Cesar: The sugar doesn't want to come off this bowl. Heather: Misfortune teller is heating up her crystal ball, But cesar's sugar is stuck to the bowl. Shell is too thin. I'm gonna have to do this the hard way. He's gonna have to melt some more sugar, And he's going to have to try again Because we've got to have something. Give me a hot sec. I'm trying to get you a crystal ball. May not be the crystal ball that we wanted, But it's going to be a crystal ball. Jeff: Busted a tooth. - Busted a tooth? - Busted a tooth. Jeff: Instead of having a good fortune, Guy gets devoured by his fortune cookie. It's not gonna go anywhere, is it? No, it's good. Can't fall. I'm trying to get my foot straightened out. Just the more I add on it, the uglier it gets. Still looks pretty gruesome. We're okay. Five minutes, you have five minutes left. Amy: Come on, you guys. It's all hands on deck. Daniel: Haymu, that looks awesome. - Hit it with airbrush. - It's really good. - Hit it with the airbrush? - Airbrush, yep. Daniel: It's a hand busting out of the crystal ball With his eyeballs on the end of the fingers. Can I put the cards on? Yes, sir. Stack them. Alright. Pretty sure I've seen the same kind of slobber Come out of my dog's mouth. You can put it in. Ooh. Carmel: Zelda is so dark and dreary. The very last thing I have to finish is getting All of that black fondant on. Where are we here? We need to put the dish. One minute, get it done! Chad: Janet, I don't have the top. - I got it. - Put it on. Amy: We are all trying to get The final components onto the board So it's one cohesive piece, And then I'm gonna airbrush in all of the color details. Get the airbrush ready, amy. One minute, guys, one minute. Looks good, jeff. Nice job. No more blood, no more blood, no more blood. Vanessa: We just have seconds to go. - I know. - No! I'm sorry, guys. - 10... - 10 seconds. Bennett: ...9, 8, 7... - It's fine. It's fine. - ...6, 5, 4... - It's all right. - ...3, 2... Give me, give me, give me, give me. ...2, 1, hands off your display. [ thunder crashes ] In this small scare, We challenged you to give us your unfortunate fortune teller. Mummies' rejects... Daniel: Jack is a struggling artist. He visits a fortune teller. He tells her he wants to be able to paint with his hands As he sees with his eyes, but she flips it on him. The moral here is, be careful what you wish for. The hand is pumpkin. The eyeballs are modeling chocolate. The crystal ball is blown sugar. I keep staring into the crystal ball Like I'm gonna see some sort of image in there. I feel the sort of horror coming from it. I'm digging it. You guys did an awesome job. The sugar work on this is amazing, by the way. The fact that you got that crystal ball, And you were able to actually have the hand coming out of it, That has to be difficult to do. Maybe the detail on the eyeballs Could be a little bit more finished off. That is a big sugar ball. I like that it's so even in thickness, And the fact that you've balanced pumpkin Coming out from that, that's really, really difficult. Bennett: Candy coroners... Amy: Our genie couldn't predict his own unfortunate fortune Of being trapped back inside of his lamp. The genie lamp is carved out of seven Different pieces of pumpkin. The head is cake. The smoke pulling him back down is fondant. I love that there are lots of jewels. I don't think that you got your sugar to the right temperature Because they're really cloudy, And in order to get that really clear look, You have to get it up to the 330 degrees. But I like the idea that you took the risk To have the billow of smoke turning into the face And not having that whole face there, So that's kind of a creative way to do that. The color breakup is very cool. The overall piece is a little bit rough, But the whole piece comes together as one. It's all about emotion and emoting, And I wish the genie's face had a little bit more, You know, super, like, scared look on his face. Candy coroners, thank you very much. Crave diggers, tell us a good fortune. Jeff: This poor fella never imagined That his takeout would take him out. Fortune cookie is pumpkin. The takeout box is cake covered in fondant. The leg is modeling chocolate. The shape of the fortune cookie is off here. You don't have the proper opening on the sides That we need to see in a fortune cookie. However, the sugar teeth are amazing. Again, I think, joel, you make really amazing sugar work. Like that this has a dark sense of humor, But maybe the shape of the leg, Maybe a little bit more detail to make the leg feel A little bit more it has the bone in there Rather than a bit of a rounding to it. Diaz: Absolutely love the teeth. They're creepy and detailed. Really good job, guys. - Thank you. - Thank you. Killer cakerz, tell us about your display. Carmel: Zelda rolls the bones to see what's in store. She'll even throw in an eyeball to get a first-hand view. Zelda's face and head is made of modeling chocolate. Her torso is all pumpkin. The bowl is isomalt sugar, And the little bones in there are modeling chocolate. I've been fortunate enough to play a lot of creatures Over the years in my career, and this seems like A fun character that I would like to play. Her body is falling apart before your very eyes, And one of her eyes is actually in there with it, So it's just about getting a little bit more refined With your finished sculpting. Now, this is a gorgeously grotesque character. She's really, really creepy. The story is also great. I think you need to give us something A little bit more polished in order For us to appreciate the things that are falling apart. We have so many tattered pieces. The fondant is completely ripped apart. I can still see lots of flour On where you rolled the black fondant. Diaz: I love what she's wearing over her head. The cloak is really detailed. I love the pumpkin, looks like exposed bones. Killer cakerz, thank you very much. Ghoulicious... Heather: We have an evil fortune teller. All of this pumping of negative energy Sucked her into this quartz crystal. So here we have a cake bust. We also have an amazing head that's made out of pumpkin. We also have a sugar shattered crystal ball. I like the idea of what you were trying to do. You have a nice little head. The hand and the body doesn't really match. I would suggest that you guys Help each other as much as you can Because it doesn't matter how strong any one of you are If you don't come together, obviously. Li: This is a great face. I think you did an amazing job on the face, deane. That's a really big piece of sugar. You went big, and I think in this case, it just... It was too big. We really needed that to tell the story. Bennett: Ghoulicious, thank you very much. The judges are now gonna consult their spirit guides And determine a winner. Daniel: We deserve to win this challenge Because we have the only surviving crystal ball. ♪♪ Bennett: Coming up... [ gasps ] Eric: This feels rickety. You sure it's gonna hold? Joel: This is very fragile. Li: I'm really worried for them because without that, They have nothing. - What happened? - Oh, my goodness. ♪♪ For this small scare, we challenged you to give us Your most terrifying vision of the future With your unfortunate fortune teller. In the end, the judges felt that one of you Did it just a little bit better. Congratulations... Mummies' rejects. Daniel: We win the small scare, so we get our extra assistant. Alright! You've already showed us some seriously scary monsters, But for this round, We want you to capture something even more terrifying. Of course, I'm talking about dating In a challenge we call the blind date from hell. Be sure to include two classic romantic flavors of red wine And dark chocolate into a treat for our judges to nibble on. Each of you will be given one assistant, and mummies' rejects, You get double the help with an extra assistant You earned from your win in the small scare. You have got just five hours. The clock starts now. ♪♪ Alright, guys. So we got our first win. Great job. Great job. So a blind date... I mean, a date from hell, what do you think? Eric: Right, she wants to get married. Yeah. "sure, I want to meet him," And then he shows up in your house. Exactly. I don't know if you've ever been catfished before. I mean, you see him on your phone. Maybe he looks kind of cute, And then he shows up dressed up in his best In all his disgusting, fishy nastiness. Whoa. Deane is going to start with the pumpkin head, Fish face, in this case... Devilish details, baby. ...Bulbous lips, scant cheeks, Gill apparatus. Hot, behind, sugar. Cesar is going to pour some big, bulbous fish eyes. I'm creating those bloodshot vein effects. It needs the white part, Bring out all the colors in the eye. Okay, guys. I'm going to start working on mr. Catfish's tail From rice-cereal treats, And then all of his clothes will be fondant. I'm slowly winning! I just need to win a little bit faster is all. - Hey. - Hi. Hey, chad. I'm gonna start you off on projects, And then as I need you, I'm gonna be like, "elizabeth, get over here now!" - Okay. - Good! You guys are back! Two heads are better than one, right? Our thought is, we're gonna have a guy. After messaging s-s-sarah, He was excited to get a message saying, "can't wait to s-s-see you," but much to steve's surprise, He was quickly injected with poison And slowly devoured kind of like reality. I find the perfect pumpkin big enough for the job. It's got a nice, fat stalk that's already curved, So I can cut that off, flip it and make the rattle. I'm adding the belly scales on the snake. As soon as I get those on, I'll start the scales on the back. Haymu is gonna have to start putting the bodies Together for the snake woman and the victim Using rice cereal and modeling chocolate. The head haymu is making is gonna be realistic As far as you can be of what A human-head-snake combo would be. Steve: I mean, amazing, amazing work. Haymu: Thank you. It looks amazing. Daniel: So steve has got all these spiders to make. He'll have to pull the body, pull the legs, melt them, Stick them on there and then do it again and do it again. I'm making the rattle, and then I'll make the snake eggs. Jeff: I said, "I don't think I've ever been On a disastrous date." Because you know how to pick them. Yeah. Jeff: This guy comes to pick up his blind date, And who comes out of the door but satan's daughter, But she's already planning their wedding. It's the perfect blind date from hell. Guys, I'm gonna use a white pumpkin Because it's better density. Eric is gonna be doing the man's head. Guys, I'm gonna give him kind of a screaming face As he's running away. - Sick. - Alright. - It's sick, man. - Good. Filled his back up so it looked like his tail Of his coat is flying up. Jeff: I'm gonna have to get started on the man first. That's gonna be the biggest piece. On this one, I wanted to beef up his legs with fondant. He's running fast. He's got some meat there. He'll really look like he is moving. Movement, movement, movement. Joel is gonna be pouring the window out of isomalt. He's gonna put flames inside the window as he pours it, So it's gonna look like we have fire Inside the window of the house. Eric: That looks great, joel. You know, last time, you guys, we ran out of time To put all that fondant on our piece. Our couple meets on a pet lover's dating site, And she ends up going back to his house to meet his pet, Ralph, and ralph is not too keen on strangers. I'm about to empty his guts here. Blech! Jim has to carve ralph, his pet, In an angle such that it looks like He's peeking over the edge of this board. Trying to make this nice and round Like the armrest of a couch. The couch, we made out of rice-cereal treats And then cake for the arms Because cake will carve really well And make a nice, soft arm cushion. Vanessa will be casting the eyeballs Out of isomalt for our couple. She's also gonna be doing the tabletop. The sugar guts are on my side. I'm working on getting the marquee sign Laid out right here. We're gonna create a guy named johnny Going on his first date with destiny At the movie theater, but little does he know That he actually has a date with death. Try to make this whole piece, you know, Have, like, a vintage feel. We really want an elaborate marquee piece. Chad is gonna have to take his time to score In all the art deco details. Chad, I'm gonna start on the girl. I feel like I want to add a lot of detail to her dress. I'm gonna be making the grim reaper's body From cake and fondant. We want to create a grim reaper disguise, So I'm gonna be creating black edible-fabric lace In order to make the dress really come to life. Janet is gonna create some really, really large swirls As well as all of the lights that go around the marquee. Janet: I'm getting ready to cast the front window. Janet needs to get the marquee cast As soon as possible as well as the ticket window. Those are really, really large pieces of sugar, And they take a lot of time to cool. I'm just gonna attach the flower For the guy to give her. Everyone has a really, really ambitious list of goals They want to accomplish, so if one of us falls behind, We're all gonna have to jump in to help the other. I can do anything. Amy, amy, what you need me to help you with? The girl. Uh... Bennett: So, guillermo, do you think Our "Halloween wars" set is scary? I mean, look, we got scary trees... - Totally. - ...In the back. Look at all those eyeballs back there. Look at all this monster, aah! Aah. Did I get you? Yeah. [ growls ] [ all scream ] - Wow. - Todd, we got him, yes! - Yes! - That's really good, man. Four hours, four hours left! - Todd... - We've got four hours. Haymu: I'm painting the eyes. Eric: Just a little bit of dark blue. Jim: Couple extra shadows to break up the surface. Otherwise, the story doesn't sell. How you gonna get my eye into your head? Here we go. - Boop! - Pop! - Look at that pop. ♪♪ Heather: I can't remember if I ever stacked cake Over my head before. We're almost there. And we're gonna dress this guy In some really gross yellow fondant for his shirt, Maybe some pit stains under there. I'm worried about everything at this point. Gonna look like catfish eyes. So of course mr. Catfish would bring you jelly fish eyes. They're gonna have red wine, cherry, jelly fruit With a thin layer of chocolate ganache Poured into a mold so that they look like fish eyes. Deane: Those look great. Jeff: She gonna have a big old wedding dress. I have to create a long, flowing dress. It's a challenge to get those creases And getting that flow to look like She has a little bit of movement in her dress. I should be a dress designer. Joel, what you doing? For the tasting element, Joel is gonna be making roses made From dark chocolate mousse with a red-wine-cherry compote And a walnut crunch on the bottom. Joel: Guys, I'm heating the sugar for the roses. The tasting element fits in because as he's running away, He just drops his roses. So these ones are for the display. Those look great, joel. I love the roses. I got to start with my bonbons. Carmel: They sound delicious. Vanessa will be doing a black-currant-cordial bonbon Shaped like a little heart. Ooh, oh, you did pink? Aw, this is this guy's lair. Well, we didn't think in a normal american living room This thing would be even there, So that's why we did it like a dungeon. Alright. I made these little rocks out of fondant. I am trying to fix this under here, cesar. Cesar: What you gonna do? I'm gonna roll some more ict. I'm not sure what else to do. Okay, yeah, I will figure it out somehow. The fondant starts to rip and fall apart. Oh, shoot, none of this is holding. Dang. It all fell off! Heather: Oh, shoot, none of this is holding. Dang. I'm working on the catfish body. My base completely falls apart. Cesar: Mash it up. Try to build up the structure again. It really feels great to have our team Pull together like that. You good with this, boss? I'm good with that. Thank you for your help, gentlemen. And then I can get some fondant over the outside And hold that in place. Better. You sure? It's holding at least. Jim: Just smoothing it out a little bit, Give it a little glaze. Our couple goes back to his place for a movie and popcorn, But his pet is not too keen on strangers. It's these subtle details that sell it, So I got to put some eyes in there next. Jim is making these faces out of modeling chocolate, But he's never worked with modeling chocolate before, And they look awesome. He's just looking stellar. I will be doing the bodies of the couple. That thing's huge. He has guns. I also have to do the creature's arm and tail As he's reaching around over the display. He will be rice-cereal treats covered in modeling chocolate. This is like a human-sized arm, holy crap. Amy: It's looking awesome, chad. - Thank you. - It looks incredible. We're gonna create the siding of the movie theater With gingerbread, rice-cereal treats and fondant. I am using chocolate instead of royal icing. It'll set up a lot faster than the royal icing. That looks incredible. I'm gonna start working on the tickets For the tasting element. Awesome. Janet is gonna be making A ruby-port-dark-chocolate ganache. It's incorporating those two typically great date Ingredients... Chocolate and wine. I'm gonna liquor them up. She's gonna shape it into rectangles So we get that movie-ticket shape And then dip it in chocolate. This is our ticket to the win. Steve: So, guys, this is the brownie mixture. Daniel: I need some brownie. For the tasting element, Steve is doing a brownie with red-wine ganache, Poached pear and almond extract. And then I'm gonna dip the whole thing in dark chocolate. Give me your finger. Try some ganache. I might need to try that again. Four teams have a date with the judges, And one team has a blind date with doom. You have two hours to get it done! Let's go. Deane: I got to slather this on. It's, like, kind of like spackling. Amy: That looks beautiful, janet. Chad: Oh, wow, nice. You trying to make him look like your ex-boyfriend? Not quite. I'm painting the face for the grim reaper. - The eagle has landed. - Ain't moving. Now somebody help me down. Joel, this okay? - Nice. - Alright. Haymu: He looks scary. He looks scary, amazing, amazing work. Thank you. Heather: He is one ugly catfish. I specialize in ugly. Cesar: What do you got left? Got to get the eyes in there. Joel: Guys, I got to stay here for a while and just roll this Until it cools so it stays nice and round. Jeff: Joel, he's gonna have to pull this isomalt pitchfork, And the sheer size of the thing, I mean, you taking a risk, and I hope it pays off. Joel: Very, very fragile. Yes, be careful. Amy: One hour left, you guys. Down to the last hour, and, omg, We might have signed up for too much. Finishing everything up And getting it on there seems impossible. I'm just painting the letters on the sign. If I had more time, I'd be able to get the detail that I want to, But I'm so short on time, I have to rush it. We want to make sure all the details That we add are on-point. Jeff: How's it coming, eric? Eric: A big rush. I thought this would be easier, but it's not. Joel: Let me know When you want me to put that window up. To place that sugar windowpane, We have to get this thing in there first try Because there's no way we can make another one. Not finishing is not an option. Got to finish, got to go two-for-two. Vanessa: I can hold that, carmel, If you want to finish the body. I got it. I got it. The hardest part of this display Is the creature's arm reaching around. Is that gonna stay? There. I'll make it stay. Just don't shake him too much because he'll be like... I have power tools and a will to use them. Is this secure? He's not going anywhere. Famous last words. You think it's gonna stay. - We'll wait to find out. - Alright. I'm gonna throw pumpkin guts on there And put the eggs into it. The sooner we can get them on, The sooner we can patch the gaps. I'm kind of antsy. I need haymu to be finished so we can set it on the snake And see what kind of gap we'll have left over, Maybe huge, maybe just right. We got to start placing things. - Join them. - Join them? So I need to pull her and put her on. Okay. She gonna be moving? She'll move that much. You do that, and I'll work on covering that. Teams, you have 30 minutes left. Carmel: Hey, jim, how's it coming with the face? Jim: I think he's just looking stellar. Ooh. Heather: Careful, deane. Deane: Coming down, yep. It is very unstable. I'm afraid to even breathe on it. Janet: It's defcon 5. We got to start working, okay? There you go. Jim: Do you need an extra set of hands? - [ gasps ] - no! Oh, no! Oh, no, oh, no, oh, no. Killer cakerz just lost one of their sculptures. - Oh, no. - Take the arm out. Take the arm out before it messes up everything else. That's the main piece that shows That this monster is coming to get her. Li: I'm really worried for them because without that, They have nothing. - Oh, no, oh, no, oh. - Ooh. Take the arm out. Take the arm out before it messes up everything else. That's the main piece that shows That this monster is coming to get her. Hey, you know what you could do, jim? Grab some of that modeling chocolate that was heaped. Make some fingers in the windows up where she's looking. Jim: Yep. We have to immediately go to plan "b," Just make some hands and just over the edge. I mean, that's all we could do. Game is not over until it's over, so arm doesn't work. We'll go with a hand. We just want to tell a story. Oh, yeah, that's a great idea. 10 minutes remain! Watch the arms. Watch the arms. Daniel: Okay, I got you. Like that? Perfect. These are really fragile, cesar. Are you gonna be okay? - I'm gonna be okay. Amy: Janet, the sickle now, the sickle. Chad: Oh, yeah, that's cool. That looks good. Eric: This feels rickety. You sure, jeff, it's gonna hold? Jeff: It's got some sponge to it, but it should hold. Perfect. You have one minute left. Chad: One minute. Daniel: More guts, get some more guts in the back. Steve: Going to get one up at the top. Chad: Be careful, buddy, please. Watch the guys. Watch the guys. Need to get through, guys. - Put it back right here. - 10, 9... Eric: Hurry up, joel. Let's go. - Here is hair. Here is hair. - ...7, 6... - No, no, no... 5, 4... - Let's go! - ...3, 2... - Got it? - ...1. - Got it. - Hands off your displays. - Good job, guys. - Great job. Oh, my gosh. Good job. Bennett: We asked you to give us Your scariest blind date from hell. Candy coroners, let's talk about what you made. Amy: Johnny has walked up to his date with destiny. Little did he know that destiny Has actually been masquerading As the grim reaper all along. The centerpiece of the marquee is carved out of pumpkin. Destiny is a cake body with a pumpkin face. Johnny is carved out Of rice-cereal treats and fondant. Janet has created a ganache movie ticket. It is a dark-chocolate - and-ruby-port-wine ganache. I would like to see them look more like tickets. Even if you wrote the words on there like, "admits one," Then I would buy the story, but I love the taste. It is that, like, deeper wine flavor of the port Mixed with the chocolate, Just develops, like, a really nice, sophisticated flavor. There's some great details here. The lace on the dress are really cool. Johnny's eyes have a very, very realistic look to them, And because that flower is such a cool flower, I would've probably had him just have it up front So I could see it. The first thing that stands out is the large centerpiece. It kind of reminds me of an old-hollywood feel. Li: This is one of the most ambitious backdrops we've seen. I love the kind of art deco throughout And all the details that you worked into that pumpkin. I just don't know if it's worth it Because it is so much time spent on the backdrop, And your story is happening in the front, And the character that's back there, he's lost in the shade. When you do something, we want to see it. Bennett: Crave diggers... Jeff: Our date from hell Is actually satan's daughter, And she's already planning their wedding, So he can't get out of there fast enough. Our bodies are made from modeling chocolate And rice-cereal treats. The two heads are carved out of pumpkin, And the pitchfork and the horns are all sugar. Today we have a dark-chocolate mousse With a red-wine-and-cherry compote. You have a chocolate cake inside, And then you have a walnut and rice-cereal crisp on the bottom. Li: I didn't really taste any wine. I think if you made it smaller, I would taste the flavors together and the textures. This is a really smart piece, and it's really thought out. I feel the action. I mean, this guy is just dying to get off this platform Because she really is the date from hell, literally. One of the things that stood out for me is, It looks like a couture dress. Your lead character, you see the movement in his clothing. The detail is so wonderful. The one note that I will give you guys... The face on this character looks similar to the other one You did on the other challenge. Try not to make the characters look too much alike Just so that it doesn't feel like you're repurposing Something from the other challenge. Crave diggers, thank you very much. Ghoulicious... Heather: You see him online. He looks kind of cute, But then he shows up in all of his fishy nastiness, And just in case you forgot, he's got his phone app out, And it was a catch, but who got caught? The pumpkin is our head. We've got a big old body full of cake. We've also got sugar splashes of water. Cesar: For the tasting element, I did a cherry-red-wine pate de fruit With 65% chocolate ganache, And I did it in the shape of catfish eye. The layer of chocolate added the crunch. The cherry added that extra tartness, And then the ganache was super creamy. I think it was perfect. The head on this piece is amazing. The eyes, the coloring, it's really, really impressive. One of the things that kind of bothered me a little bit is, I wish that we would've seen the date that gets catfished. Li: This doesn't look like a blind date Because the other character is just missing, And then the colors, they're really bright and happy, And they're just not terrifying. So the two really important things... Halloween and dating... Are missing. Tucker: The head is well-sculpted. The body and the arms, they're not quite matching. Ghoulicious, thank you very much. Mummies' rejects... After messaging s-s-sarah for a few weeks, Steve was excited to get a message saying, "can't wait to s-s-see you," but much to steve's surprise, He was quickly injected with poison And slowly devoured. The snake is pumpkin. The two characters are cake and modeling chocolate. All of the bugs and creepy things are pulled sugar. Steve: So the tasting element is a chocolate brownie With a red-wine-poached pear and a red-wine-chocolate ganache. Your tasting matches this display Because it's got this real strong acidic-ness to it, And then you balance that with a darker chocolate ganache. The brownie just got a little bit soggy from the poached pear. Diaz: I love that it's super ominous. You look at it, and it has that horror feel to it. I want to do a horror movie that's based on this piece. Li: I love what you did with the serpent body And the fact that you used the stem From the pumpkin to create that rattle. It really feels like an infestation, And they're really gorgeous, the sheen to the sugar work, And each one looks different, But I don't understand that it's actually a blind date. Tucker: You've got a lot of character in that snake lady, But I see a bit of a difference in the color Between her body and her snake body, So maybe if you were to color a little bit more Of that vibrant green that you have in her face And in her arms down into the body, It might make it feel a little bit more consistent. Mummies' rejects, thanks-s-s-s. [ laughter ] Killer cakerz, you're up. Carmel: Our couple met on a pet lover's dating app, And she went back to his house to meet his pet, ralph, And ralph is not really into strangers. The two people are rice-cereal treats And modeling chocolate, And ralph is pumpkin And his modeling-chocolate appendages. Vanessa: I made black-currant bonbons. It's a black-currant ganache with drunken raisins. There's that kind of earthiness that comes from the currant, And then you have that drunken raisin, Which really brightened it up. Tucker: I do like that you have a sense of humor in this. I like that you've got the dating aspect in there. You got the theme. The first thing that popped for me Are the faces of the characters, just so detailed, so expressive. I felt really terrible when I saw that collapse. Oh, no. Oh, no, oh, no, oh, no. Oh, dang it. Li: It was too heavy. If you'd create it like a side table Where it just kind of rests, Then you wouldn't have had an issue there. I know you ran out of time, So I don't know how you whipped that together at the end, But what I do see as a result is rushed fondant work. Carmel: I feel like I let my team down a little bit. I'm a perfectionist when it comes to my work. I feel like all we needed was that second assistant. The judges need to figure out Who they had a real connection with and who's getting dumped. I don't think the judges liked my display at all. The judges don't think that it read as a scary date. Wow, judges, that was a crazy battle. Li: Oh, my gosh, so much amazing details. What do we think of crave diggers? You can clearly see he's running from this character Who looks like the date from hell. They really nailed it with that. And they have a very clear, clean, Really precise design look for their characters, And their execution and paint jobs And sculpting and placement, And everything about that piece really worked for me. The satan's daughter's wedding dress, It looks like a couture dress, Like, the fact that they paid so much attention to that. You know, the tasting was just a little too big. You cannot get everything in one bite. Bennett: Let's talk about mummies' rejects. It feels like a scene from a horror movie. Those sugar pieces, the insects, That was such a beautiful touch, so detailed. The s-sarah s-snake has a glistening, Almost, like, poisonous green on her skin. The snake-reptilian textures on the actual tail part... The biggest problem I had with that piece Was that the bright-green color They used on the upper body on the snake character Should've followed through the rest of the body. That tasting, the acid from the pear Interacted with the red wine, And it caused, like, this super strong almost, Like, williams-liqueur taste to it, But the brownie just got a little bit soggy From the poached pear. Bennett: Let's talk about candy coroners. I loved the johnny character. That was my favorite part of the piece And the old-hollywood feel. Tucker: It did feel like the other characters Didn't match the level of the one johnny character. I think their backdrop really overwhelmed Their entire display, And their characters just didn't pop enough. And then you know what else didn't pop, was their tasting. We were supposed to be eating tickets, And they didn't look like tickets. Bennett: What do we think of killer cakerz? Man, did they have a rough time today. I know. Oh, no. Oh, no, oh, no. Tucker: It definitely has that dating aspect, And there's some really nice individual pieces in there. The best part of that piece are the two faces Of the lead characters. They did a great job adding that second character, But because they lost the time, The fondant work is very sloppy, But now their tasting is not. That tasting is super sophisticated. That burn that comes from the drunken raisins And then that paired with the currants, It's earthy and fire. I loved it. Bennett: Let's talk about ghoulicious. Now, this is a really outstanding character, A single character, Another great sculpted pumpkin face from deane. The story is just lost. For me, the problem with this piece Was that the continuity is not there. The face doesn't really match the rest of the piece. I hated the coloring of the outfit. It reads easter to me. Cesar's tasting is delicious. The cherry is actually really flavorful... So good. ...And coupled with that chocolate, It was just a perfect balance. Alright, judges. You have to decide who you want to win And who you want to send home. ♪♪ For this spine chiller, we challenged you to show us Your most terrifying vision of a blind date from hell. Each team pushed themselves further than ever before With height, size and level of detail, But only one of you can win this challenge. The winner of this spine chiller is... ♪♪ ...Crave diggers. Congratulations. We won two in a row. We're killing it. We're starting out strong. Unfortunately, tonight's battle took its toll on two teams. Killer cakerz, ghoulicious, One of you is going home right now. Carmel: I'm looking at everyone else's. I feel like the judges see this and appreciate All the hard work that's gone into it. I wish we had been able to portray the storyline better. I hope I'm not going home. ♪♪ Killer cakerz, I'm sorry. You're done in this Halloween war. Thank you. Carmel: I think our piece was just so ambitious That really nobody could finish what we had planned. Sorry. Sorry. Congratulations, teams. We'll see you soon. Heather: So far, we've been really running On our own separate tracks, And then they all come together, and the judges don't want that. We're gonna pull together as a team a lot more Than we have been. What the heck is going on with this stuff? Bennett: This season on "Halloween wars"... We want to terrify those judges. [ laughing evilly ] Tucker: This is the first time you guys have done something That is legitimately horrifying. [ howling ] You are so much better than this. - Ah! - Easy, man. I can buy a lot of pumpkin with 50 grand. [ laughs ] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 