Halloween Wars: Season 10, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Halloween Wars 
 s10e1 - Monster Road Trip - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Halloween Wars (2011–…): Season 10, Episode 1 - Monster Road Trip - full transcript 
 Six teams consisting of a cake artist, a sugar master and an expert pumpkin carver are challenged to make spooky displays of Halloween monsters on a road trip. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [ howling ] narrator: It's Halloween. Time for the greatest food artists From all over the country to battle for glory. Taking down the competition, baby. Woman: This thing is going to be dripping with scary. We are totally owning this whole show. Narrator: Thousands have dreamed of competing. It's the super bowl of pumpkin carving and I have to be there. You better pick me up. [ laughs ] How can we lose when we do stuff like this? Narrator: But only a few are capable of truly terrifying feats. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, my goodness. To join one of six teams of artists in cake, Sugar, and carved pumpkin. We're going to shock the world. And tonight, we'll set out across the country... [ horn honks ] ...To find them. Hi, Halloween wars. Come on in. I'm not your typical baker. I am Halloween. Narrator: This is "the road to Halloween wars." [ scream ] [ thunder crashes ] ♪♪ [ laughs evilly ] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This year, the competition is the fiercest yet. Thousands have applied, But there are only 18 spots available on six new teams. So, who thinks they have the talent to out scare These "Halloween wars" legends? - Oh, my god. - Aaaaah! Whoo, whoo, whoo. We ready for this? I ain't worried, bro. Narrator: "Halloween wars" is where the greatest pumpkin carvers In the world come to take pumpkin carving to new heights. Holy cow. That is really good, james. But heights are all in a day's work For our first aspiring Halloween warrior. Hi, I'm daniel miller. I'm 36 from wilson, oklahoma. This is what my view normally looks like. I am an electrician by day and a pumpkin carver And chainsaw artist by night. Narrator: Meet pumpkin carver, daniel miller. Daniel, where'd you go? Boo. I think I'm above average because around here, Chainsaw carving and pumpkin carving And art's not that relevant in my town. So above average carver. Above average electrician. [ laughs ] I'm almost competitive to a fault. I'm currently the a two-time world champion Watermelon seed spitter. [ laughs ] Narrator: When he's not pulling his high wire act, Daniel miller is busy carving Some seriously detailed pumpkins. Daniel: I think if somebody sees me walking down the street, They're not going to know that I'm a carver. They're not going to know that I'm into art. I want to be on "Halloween wars" So that everybody can see what I can do with a pumpkin. I want to take a pumpkin and push it past what it can be. Narrator: What inspires you? Daniel: My family inspires me. My mom, my grandpa, my great grandma, they were all artists. And so with them doing artwork, You just kind of as a kid want to join in And you want to do what they're doing. I dabbled in regular jack-o'-lanterns Like everybody does. But when "Halloween wars" season one came out, We watched the first couple episodes And light bulb went off. We spent like $400 that year on pumpkins and my wife said, "that's enough." I was like, "no, we need more." So been carving ever since. Narrator: And once you blow the pumpkin budget, I guess you go with yams and potatoes. Halloween was kind of a special holiday Because my kids get into pumpkin carving. We'll just go to town carving pumpkins. People will stop by and talk, and they get a kick out of it Because most people haven't seen this style of pumpkin carving. Halloween wars is the biggest, Baddest platform for pumpkin carving. You don't see it anywhere else like this on this scale. I'm playing to really show my boys, Pick your dream and go for it. Because, I'm trying to be on Halloween wars. And when I get there, I'm going to win it. Narrator: Every carver says that, daniel, but why should we pick you? You should pick me because of my winning personality. No, I'm [laughs] I think he looks pretty, pretty menacing. I want to compete with the best. "Halloween wars" seems like the best. So I want to come out on top. Narrator: Alright, daniel miller. We'll check back with you later. I am dr. Carmel turner And I'm a cake artist from south carolina. I am a fellow of orthopedic manual therapy And an osteopractor. [ cracking ] When I'm not straightening people out, I'm curing mind, body and soul with cake. Narrator: We paid a visit to columbia, south carolina. Not sure about curing mind and body, But her house does have a whole graveyard of souls. [ rattles ] Hi, "Halloween wars," welcome to my house. Narrator: Meet cake doctor, carmel turner. I started taking little cake decorating classes here And there and then started getting orders. "oh, I didn't know you did cakes. Can you make this?" I'm, "sure." and then at night I'm looking it up On the internet. I was hooked. Narrator: How does carmel find time to balance her day job In physical therapy with making such amazing and scary cakes? Carmel: I do cake decorating on the side When the rest of my family is sleeping, So I don't get a whole lot of sleep at night. [ thunder rumbles ] Make it happen. I'm so excited that I'm up for "Halloween wars" Because this is my love, Halloween. I love to be scared. I love it, but I enjoy scaring as well. [ whirs ] This is sad to say, but if I don't make a child cry, Then I feel like I haven't done my job. Narrator: Who doesn't carmel love to punish? Food network would be incredibly insane If they didn't choose my wife for the show. I've never met anybody, personally, better. He's ready for Halloween and I'm ready for "Halloween wars." Narrator: So will carmel get picked? We'll find out. But before that, onto the next would-be Halloween warrior. Man: You know it's all about the details. That's what wins these competitions. Narrator: Halloween wars is so much more than cake and pumpkin. It's also the place where some Of the most incredible sugar artists In the world come to do battle. So when they say what happens in vegas stays in vegas, Food network, I'm not staying in vegas, I'm coming to you. Narrator: Is sharon one roll of the dice away from her "Halloween wars" dream? Let's find out. Sharon: Cake decorating has always been a part of my life. I got my first taste when I was 13 And made my first competition cake, When I got best of show and was in the newspaper. When I'm doing the sugar art, I can envision something And I make it look good and I make it look easy. Narrator: That is a seriously impressive pedigree, But where does sharon draw her Halloween inspiration? Narrator: Halloween is one of my favorite holidays And the reason is, is because I love ghosts. Narrator: Okay? I connect with ghosts. Narrator: Wait, what? Whenever I can go ghost hunting, there are things that you see, Things that you hear, the goose bumps on the arms. Narrator: So what do they say? When you hear a ghost on a recorder [echoes] And you get that pressure come up inside of you That you know that you have just spoken and heard a ghost, It is the most absolutely wonderful feeling ever. So do I draw inspiration from that? Absolutely. Narrator: So does that ghostly inspiration translate into sugar skills? I have my ghost. We're just using this as a glue. With isomalt, you only have one chance So you have to do it right the first time. I really like the way this is looking. Narrator: Will convening with ghosts help sharon earn a place In "Halloween wars"? We'll find out. Are you ready for me, "Halloween wars"? Because I'm ready for you. [ howling ] ♪♪ Narrator: Coming up, we'll hit the road to meet Even more pumpkin carvers, sugar, and cake artists. Hi, "Halloween wars." Narrator: With skills so scary, they might raise the dead. And a sneak peek at the new season. Definitely the scariest character I've ever seen. Narrator: When "the road to Halloween wars" continues. Narrator: "Halloween wars" has set out across the country To scare up the most talented guests we've ever seen. To fill our six teams with 18 amazing artists. So far we've met three artists who love Halloween And know a thing or two about fear. I love ghosts. But to win in "Halloween wars," You've really got to be a cake hero. [ southern accent ] hey, everybody. My name is jeff taylor. I own sweet t's bakery here in oxford, mississippi. Now as you can tell, I am not your typical baker. [ bell rings ] Narrator: A firefighter by day and cake artist by night? Now that's something we haven't seen before. Nice antlers. For the next stop on our road trip, We're headed to oxford, mississippi To see what firefighter jeff has to offer. What's up, "Halloween wars"? Welcome to the oxford fire department. Won't y'all come on in? I'll give you a tour. Narrator: I've always wanted a tour of a fire station. This is fun. - Right this way. This is where we keep our gear. This is me in my helmet. I would never wear this to make a cake, But sometimes when you get to slinging icing, It'd be nice to have a little shield like this So you won't get it all over you, but. Narrator: Jeff does have a point. Halloween wars has been pretty hazardous for some cake artists. - Oh, no! - [ gasps ] oh my gosh. Are you kidding me right now? Narrator: So how'd you get started in making cakes? I've been a firefighter for 16 years. Every firefighter had a part time job, So I decided to try the bakery out. So that's what I've been doing the last seven years. When I started, I never was interested in cakes. It's just, it's cakes. I mean, really. But I started watching the tv shows, The competition where they use power tools And I'm like, "oh, that's pretty cool." So that's kind of how I got started. [ gobbles ] Narrator: So jeff can survive running through a burning building, But is he ready to survive Halloween wars? Jeff: It's almost like an adrenaline rush. Here at the fire department when you're about To run in a house fire, just that adrenaline rush. You're scared, but you're excited. I love haunted houses and haunted trails And that, to me just jumping out, Scaring somebody, that just excites you. And I love the theatrics of the gore and the blood. I mean, I don't know really how to say Without me sounding like really weird. Narrator: If that's weird, you're in good company with "Halloween wars." Woman: It has to look like blood and not like a birthday party. Alrighty. I think we're done. I mean, really. How can we lose when we do stuff like this? [ thunder crashes ] I like it. Can y'all see that competition? This is what's coming after you. Narrator: Nice stitches and a seriously spooky cake. This is the best part of making cake is eating the cake. Yeah. Time to eat it. ♪♪ I'll see you guys down there. [ slide whistle, ding! ] Alright. Narrator: For the next stop on our tour, We head to ojai, california to meet another sugar artist Who's really in touch with his spooky side. Joel: Competing on "Halloween wars" would be awesome. I think I'll knock it out of the park. I have to bring my a game plus 100% more. Narrator: Your a game plus 100%? That sounds like a lot. Joel: Currently, I work as executive pastry chef. Welcome to ojai. Why don't I show you around? Hop in. Narrator: Whoa, nice ride. [ horn honks ] fun fact. I also check my hair every time I get behind the wheel. I've been doing sugar art over the last 18 years, But I probably didn't get good until the last 10 years. So right now I'm working on an evil-looking spider With a pitchfork and some hands. And I'm going to finish it up right now With some more bones and some little ghosts. I was already into cooking. My grandmother would come over and make desserts And treats and tortillas and all this stuff from scratch. So I'm like this is what I want to do. So it wasn't really like work. It was more like being creative and artistic. So I just haven't done anything since. It's always changing. We have to keep up with like modern trends and techniques And try to stay ahead of the game. So how can you elevate your art to the next level And keep it fresh and keep people wanting to see it? Narrator: So what kind of cutting edge sugar art can joel Bring to "Halloween wars"? Joel: I am a fan of "Halloween wars." Every time I watch it, I think of what I can do Or what I would have done in that situation. And then it just makes me want to be On the show that even more. And then when I see the people winning, I'm like, I have the skills to go on the show. I can win. Like it should be my money. Narrator: Joel really wants to compete, but what does his family think? Why do you think joel should be on "Halloween wars"? ♪♪ Okay, let me think. He's practiced a lot and he's been wanting to be On this show for a long time. Um. And I think that his skills have really improved over the years. Um. And now he's actually really good at it And I think that "Halloween wars" Would be like a new kind of thing for him to do. Um. Narrator: It's cool. We got it. Hey, "Halloween wars," I'm joel gonzales. I'm coming to "Halloween wars" fired up with my bag of tricks. It's going to scare away all the competitors. Narrator: Is joel's bag of tricks enough to scare his way Into the competition? We'll find out soon. ♪♪ For the next stop on our road trip, We crisscross the country to west clarksville, New york to meet pumpkin carver eric jones. I'm a professional caricature artist. I've been in the business about 20 years. Narrator: Eric is a master at making faces. Did I say making faces? I meant drawing them. I'm a co-founder of an online caricature business. This is a caricature I'm working on it for a client. My super powers are creativity, hard work. I'm basically jonathan bennett's clone. I mean, look at this. And epic sarcasm. Do you see a difference? I mean, it's incredible. I've drawn hundreds of thousands of people all over the world, But my real passion is carving. Sculpting. I'm good at it. Have an idea in mind. It's already in my head. Just a matter of removing enough materials to make it work. Narrator: So how does a caricature artists get into pumpkin carving? I've been carving pumpkins as a hobby for many years, Mostly just for myself, for my own enjoyment. Recently, I started making my work A little more public and showing people. You know, there's really no perfect place To start on the pumpkin. You just kind of go with it. My favorite moment on "Halloween wars" Was when elvira came out, because she was my first crush. [ laughs ] Uh, mistress of the dark, Narrator: So eric, why should we pick you to compete? I'm creative. I'm very good with improv and I work fast. Start to see the face coming to life there. I see things before I begin them. At some point I have to walk away from this Because art work is never really finished. It's only abandoned. Narrator: Now that is one seriously detailed face. The more I work on it, the more resembles my father. One time I drove his truck through the garage door. That's what he looked like a little bit. Narrator: Thankfully, eric's a better carver than he is a driver. See how fast that was. We're going to shock the world. ♪♪ Narrator: Coming up, our search continues for even more artists Who don't clown around. Hi, "Halloween wars." Narrator: Plus a sneak peek at the new season. Horrifically beautiful. Narrator: When "the road to Halloween wars" continues. Narrator: "Halloween wars" has set out across the country In search of the spookiest cake artists, Sugar artists and pumpkin carvers Who dream of being one of just 18 artists Selected for the new season. Man: Listen, honey, are we losing today? Man #2: No. Over the years, "Halloween wars" Has seen its fair share of scary clowns. [ laughter ] Man #3: The clown is horrifying. Am I a scary clown or what? [ gnashes teeth ] But what we haven't seen... One who carves pumpkins. Hi, food network. Hi, my name is jenn stevens. I'm a professional clown and also a fruit And vegetable carver. Narrator: By day, jenn stevens performs as a party clown, But by night she practices her carving skills. And again, you ask why would I love to be on Halloween wars? [ distorted voice ] I am Halloween. Narrator: Freaky casting video, check. Awesome carved pumpkins, check, check. So we headed out to new jersey to pay jenn a visit. Hi, "Halloween wars." I'm jenn stevens and welcome to jersey. I worked for a local chain restaurant As a prep cook in the mornings and a part-time clown, Because everyone's scared of clowns. That's why I love clowns. Narrator: Sure, jenn. That's totally normal. ♪♪ Yeah, I started with carving watermelons About seven years ago, just from seeing a random video Of how to make flowers on watermelons And here I am today. Then I moved to pumpkins. I'm the one of the best of the best for "Halloween wars" Because I can create anything you throw at me, Out of pumpkin, watermelons, whatever. Anything edible, I can carve whatever, Whatever your mind thinks of. Narrator: Mm. Yummy and scary. But let's get back to your pumpkins. And this is definitely a workout. Let me tell you. Narrator: Get those reps in, jenn. One and two and three. Now I think he's looking a little clown-y, But I think he's still missing something. I know I'm going to win this, because I'm very dedicated. I'm a hard worker and I'm a great team player. You want creativity? I got it. Narrator: Is jenn's freaky creativity enough to get picked? Well, our journey is only halfway done. [ engine revs ] Our next stop takes us deep into the heart of texas To a town called katy. Where a little bird told us about a mysterious cake artists With a gift for the macabre. Hemu: Who wants to go on "Halloween wars"? Tell them, "pick mama." [ bird chirps ] Narrator: What is going on in there? Meet mr. Cavey. No biting my finger. Yes. Narrator: Wow. It literally was a little bird that told us. Go figure. Making sculpted cake is my forte and I love that gory stuff. Narrator: Well, we love sculpted cake and gory stuff too. So, hemu, how did you learn To make such amazingly detailed cakes? Hemu: I moved with my family from india in 2013 And it was my son's birthday. That's when I really started baking. I've never had any professional no degrees or any classes. So this is all self-taught. When we moved here, That's when I started watching "Halloween wars." More blood, more blood, more blood. - Boom. - Awesome. I saw all that gory stuff, And art creatures and everything, And I was like, that's it. So, hemu, do you like to scare people? I like to scare other people. Like in my childhood, I used to lock my eldest sister in the restroom And make like creepy noises from outside. And she used to cry like, "ah, ah, please open the door." And then mum used to come and she was like, "why are you doing this to her?" Narrator: I was starting to doubt the scares before, But those eyes are haunting. To be on the show is whole lot of excitement for me. Like getting there and see the set, Which I've been dreaming of. I think I'm going to cry when I see the set. [ imitates crying ] Narrator: So you've got the scare factor and the talent, But do you know what it takes to win? I love to compete and each and every competition I grab that first place. What matters to me most is Halloween wars champions. And I'm a... You better pick me out. "Halloween wars," are you ready for me? Because I'm ready for you. [ parrot whistles ] Narrator: So does hemu have what it takes to get picked? Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. [ engine revs ] Narrator: So far we've seen carvers that fly high... Above average carver, above average electrician. [ laughs ] Narrator: ...Cartoon... Do you see a difference? I mean it's incredible. ...And clown around. Everyone's scared of clowns. That's why I love clowns. Narrator: But what about a carver who, by day, Trades his carving knife for a chainsaw? Hey, I'm chad gainey, professional chainsaw carver From north florida, panama city. I was on season six of "Halloween wars," Went home early. This year, I'm looking for redemption. This being my tool of choice. Narrator: A chainsaw carver who's out for redemption? Sweet screams, I'm sorry, you're done in this Halloween wars. Narrator: This, I've got to see. So we head out to florida to see if chad gainey Deserves a second chance at "Halloween wars" glory. Hey, "Halloween wars." welcome to florida. We're the gaineys and this is how we roll. I'm a professional chainsaw carver from north florida. I'll travel all around the country. My wife and kids travel with me as often as possible. My wife homeschools the kids, That way they can have that freedom To go and travel with me. Today we're here at a golf course in panama city Where I'm working on a 20-foot sculpture outside. Yeah, this is the mobile office here. Most everything I do is on the road traveling. So I have to be ready And have everything I need all in one package. Narrator: So how does a traveling chainsaw carver find himself Obsessed with carving pumpkins at Halloween? We always go camping every year for Halloween And there at the camp ground They had a pumpkin carving contest, But at the time all I had was a pocket knife And like a plastic spoon. So made do and carved this pumpkin And ended up winning the contest. So then that kind of sparked the interest Of carving a bunch more that year. Narrator: So, we've seen what chad can do with a chainsaw, A pocketknife, and a spoon. But how does he fare with a pumpkin carver's toolkit? Good thing about witches, and ghouls, And goblins that make it really fun to carve to me, Is they have that roughness about them So they don't have to be symmetrical. I know I'm the best carver for this competition Because in Halloween wars It's more than just carving a face into a pumpkin. I know how to take those pumpkins, dissect them up, Put them back together where it looks like something That doesn't even resemble a pumpkin anymore. I get that from years of experience Carving wood, adding wood. Narrator: And chad definitely has an ax, I mean chainsaw, or maybe a pocket knife to grind. Chad: It's not if I win, it's when I win. Alright. "Halloween wars," I'm ready. Ready for redemption. [ horn honks ] hey, Halloween wars. Narrator: So should we bring chad back for another run? We'll find out soon. Coming up, the road trip continues with more carvers With attitude and some hard-hitting cake fanatics. Welcome to my lair. Narrator: And a sneak peek at the new season When "the road to Halloween wars" continues. Narrator: "Halloween wars" has searched the country far and wide For the greatest artists we've ever seen, To compete in season 10. For the next stop on our road trip, We head to sarasota, florida to meet a cake artist Who might be our most Halloween obsessed yet. Hello and welcome to my crib. Wait, wrong show. Welcome to my lair. My name is amy mcbride and I live in sarasota, florida. I am 24 years old and I just got promoted to pastry supervisor At a prestigious hotel here in town. So we are currently traveling to my dead room. Narrator: Wait, did you say dead room? So we are currently traveling to my dead room. Narrator: That's creepy. But I'll go with it. I call it my dead room because it is where I keep my dead things. Bugs and, like, moths, Scorpions in jars, skulls and stuff. Narrator: Nice living room. I love what you've done with the place. Cake is always my first love and my passion. And Halloween is a close second. I love Halloween. Narrator: This room's kind of freaking me out. ♪♪ This part of my kitchen was a necessary part of this house Because I have so much cake stuff. And this is just the beginning of it too. And then over here is backup overflow, More cake stuff and more cake boards. I'm considering converting my entire dining room Into a cake space. I have been making cakes since I was 13 years old. I started taking classes at a local bakery And I just never stopped. Narrator: It's hard to tell what amy is more obsessed with, Halloween or cake. This has been my dream since I was 15, when the show came out. Because karen portaleo is my cake idle And she was on the first season. So I have trained every day since, Between looking at Halloween things, Looking at cakes, testing new methods of cake, Testing new methods of buttercream, testing everything. So I feel like I have been training for this And this is finally my moment to shine And prove that I'm in it to win it. I'm just using a tool to scrape off parts of the chocolate So it looks like freshly like rubbed away skin And it creates perfect little crevices For like freshly fresh cuts. I think I can win Halloween wars because I'm kind of unassuming. But my love of gory things and the countless cakes I've made over the years under a time Crunch makes me the perfect person to help my team win. And voilà. Narrator: From her freaky dead room to her freaky cakes, Amy definitely knows fear. But with such stiff competition We have plenty more cake, sugar, and pumpkin artists Vying for just 18 open spots. So our road trip continues. [ thunder crashes ] [ howling ] some carvers are hobbyists Who hone their skills after-hours While they dream of Halloween wars glory. But not deane arnold. [dean] ♪♪ I'm deane arnold. I'm an artist, Musician, and world-class smart aleck from columbus, ohio. Narrator: He may be a world-class smart aleck by day, But when carving season starts, deane travels around the country Slashing his way through mind-blowing pumpkin displays. [ screams ] ♪♪ Deane might be from columbus, but we had to catch up with him In a town called carefree, arizona, Where he's gearing up for a Halloween festival. This is the part where I babble. Because I haven't babbled up to this point. So you're going to ask me a question where I can just... [ blows raspberry ] I'm a graphic designer, commercial design, Catalog work, web design. But increasingly over the last several years It's been more and more about pumpkins And less and less about the corporate world. I haven't really considered myself a sculptor Until the last seven or eight years and pumpkins Was the gateway drug to that. Narrator: The secret to deane's carvings, He's a master of facial expressions. First pumpkin of the season. - Awesome. - Spooky, yo. - Totally awesome. - How is it? It's pretty good. Narrator: Hey, that guy looks familiar. Grab clay. Dip it in blood, throw it on the floor. Ray: In order to wow the judges our team needs to go life-size. Full head-to-toe pumpkin. I'm going to focus today on nothing but winning. [ thunder crashes ] I'm so nervous. The boss is hanging over my shoulder. Deane: I saw ray pumpkin's early on and they blew my mind. And I decided I wanted to try it And failed miserably the first couple of attempts. Did you cut his nose off? Deane and I go back a few years. The pumpkin carving world is a small one. So I was pleased and delighted when I saw some of his work. And I was even more pleased when I invited him out to a job And saw how he was able to still manage performing With people watching him, As well as be a great performer with the people. Narrator: So ray, if deane does get picked, Is there anything he should know? Stay focused. There are times when you're going to have A fraction of the amount of time that you want, But you just got to stay better focused than that Because you missed me totally. Narrator: So deane, what's the secret to your carving? It's less about the scariness. It's more about the whimsical silliness of the whole thing. I mean, I still like carving monsters And I still like doing creatures And I love stuff that's grotesquely frightening, But at the same time, I prefer the silliness. Okay, here we go. Silliness, that's my wheelhouse. Woman: This thing is going to be dripping with scary. Narrator: Some of the most amazing work in "Halloween wars" Has mixed fear with just the right amount of comedy. Rah! Narrator: But it's a risk. We do love the big scares as well. So is deane's mix of scary and funny good enough to get picked? We'll find out soon enough. [ thunder crashes ] Next we head to rogers, arkansas to meet a talented cake artist Whose passions are cake, Halloween, and roller derby? Hey, "Halloween wars." Welcome to my house and anarchy cake studio. Say hello to cake artist sam lucero. I'm sam lucero. I own anarchy cake studio. I've been doing cakes for about 12 years now. Halloween to me is more important than christmas. Around my house, it's Halloween year-round. Everything's decorated with skulls and black. Can we decorate, mama? Are you ready to decorate, buddy? For Halloween? - Yeah. Doing cakes is my day job. My second one's being a mom. [ grunts ] Johnny is going to be in first grade and eli's in pre-k. Narrator: In sam's house, the competitive spirit of cake artistry Is a family affair. Johnny started competing with me about two years ago. He's done two different cake competitions now. Anytime I'm not caking, You can always find me at the skating rink. I play roller derby. My derby alter ego is ghost and my number is 800 for boo. Again, Halloween year-round. Playing roller derby has really made me come out of my box And I think that's really going to help me. Plus never giving up. Like, you fall constantly And I'm not afraid to just get back up and keep going. Narrator: So does all that roller derby speed translate into Rapid fire "Halloween wars" cake artistry? Sam: I love doing large-scale cakes. Anything 3d, gravity-defying, It's right up my alley on everything I like to do. And just it happens to be That Halloween is my favorite time of year. But I don't really like being scared. You ready for this, "Halloween wars"? Narrator: If we can pick your brain, does sam have what it takes? - Yeah. - Why? Because she is my mama. Narrator: Coming up... You ready? ...We'll find out who makes the cut. And later, a sneak peek at the new season, When "the road to Halloween wars" continues. ♪♪ Narrator: Our road trip is almost over, But we only have time to meet a few more artists Vying for a coveted spot on one of just six new teams. New season of "Halloween wars" is upon us And I think you might've found your guy. Narrator: For the next stop on our nationwide search, We head to spartanburg, south carolina to meet one Of the most experienced carvers in the business. Let's roll. Uh-oh, we can't go that way. We got to back up. We ain't going to make it to "Halloween wars." Narrator: The only thing stephan baity loves carving more than pumpkins Is carving anything in general. Stephan: Ice, butter, obviously fruit and vegetables, That's what I like to carve and enjoy. I have the coolest job in the world. This is where I get paid to misbehave. I've been a professional chef for 19 years. Been sculpting for about 15. Basically all I get paid to do is play with food all day long And that means playing with pumpkins. I was having a conversation with my son And telling him one day he could be anything he wanted to be. And I was such a hypocrite Because I had never taken a chance in my life. And that's when I became a professional sculptor. You ready? I thought it would be kind of cool to Show you what these hands do. So I'm going to carve my hand on this pumpkin. And I'm usually a businessman by day. But then at night I'm this carving maniac. [ laughs evilly ] Narrator: As a carving maniac, what motivates you? Over the years, I've created fans. You know, people of color, brown-skinned people, You just don't see who carve and sculpt. Especially inner city where I grew up. It's always good when you get a letter from a young man, Young lady that it's like, "I remember where you grew up, man. That's awesome that you made it. And my son or my cousin, my nephew or whatever, They watch you on tv now they're inspired And you become a trailblazer." And so it's all about inspiration at this point And be able to pay it forward. If you want good definition, and you want good lines, And you want realism, takes time. So you can't rush the process on this. This is one of the little secrets I like to use in carving pumpkins is the turntable. Feel like I'm a dj over here spinning some records, But I'm spending pumpkins I guess. [ record scratches ] Watch out. Here I come. Stephen sure knows carving like the back of his hand. [ bell tolls ] We still have a few more stops left on our road trip, So we headed down to san dimas, california To a nondescript suburban home that doubles as a cake studio. What terror lurks inside? [ thunder crashes ] [ gasps ] oh, you startled me. You can come inside. The door's open. ♪♪ Oh, that's better. Hi, welcome to my studio. I'm beth hassman from san dimas, california. I've been baking since I was about six years old, But I've been decorating cakes since my children were young. Now they're grown up, so I've started as business, But I've probably been decorating cakes For about 10 years. Why do I want to do "Halloween wars"? Obviously, it's not usually what I do, But my kids have always liked Halloween And they think I'm kind of scary. I absolutely love cake decorating. I love the creativity. I'll have so many ideas And I have to just narrow it down and pick one, But I absolutely love it. Narrator: Okay. Beth hassman might not be scary, But her cake skills will give you a fright. The cake, you can eat it. The snake, I wouldn't want to eat a real snake. I wouldn't want to eat real brains either. These would probably be a lot better. I got my license in 2014 and I started my business then. My husband built me this kitchen, So I have a dedicated workspace and kitchen That I can do it full-time. "Halloween wars," this is going to be a truly scrumptious cake, But I think it's pretty truly scary too. [ hisses ] Vanessa: But I find that each competition is a different experience. And I watch "Halloween wars" before, It's madness. And yet we do it right? I mean, it's like, why do you climb everest, Because it's there. Why do you want to be on "Halloween wars"? Because is there. Narrator: Last stop on our whirlwind search of cake, Sugar, and pumpkin carvers, we head to warwick, New york to visit an artist Who just wants the opportunity to push herself. Vanessa: How often do we get to be in the situation Where we have to do all kinds of crazy stuff? Yeah, it's fun. It's all so fun. But do you know what's more fun? Winning. Narrator: We love your competitive spirit, vanessa. Vanessa: I am the owner of vanessa's cake designs. Narrator: Vanessa greeley is a world-class sugar artist. Her favorite pastime? Creating a whole new generation of sugar artists. I teach classes to teenagers, adults, professionals. But the kids get my interest because they are not tainted, They always bring something new to the table, And they're not shy about their ideas, And it's just wonderful working with the teens. Narrator: So how'd you get started in sugar and pastry art? I used to be a senior systems analyst for many years Until I got hit with cancer. After multiple treatments, my life wasn't the same. My brain wasn't functioning the same. I got depressed and one day I was watching the food network and voilà, something sparked. And I went to culinary school and graduated as a pastry chef And I've been enjoying making cakes And teaching decorating techniques since. Narrator: From that experience came vanessa's Dedication to sugar art, Not to mention some serious expertise In performing under pressure. I know that I can work really well under pressure. Behind, behind. Vanessa: I've watched the shows before and time Is of the essence to do sugar work especially, Because it's so fragile. - Trust me. - Got it? No. Ah. Narrator: We're definitely familiar with how fragile sugar art Can be. So what are you going to show us today? - That should be good enough. - I am using blown sugar, Some pulled sugar as well. I'm going to start with a base and some vines. And you do a little twist. Maybe a scary spider curling up, and a crow. That for some reason reminds me of jonathan, I don't know why. Ta-da. I think I'm going to call him jonathan. I am ready. [ laughs ] Narrator: So far, we've met 15 artists who dream of competing, But not all of them will join one of our teams. When we come back, find out who gets picked for battle And who has to keep dreaming. Plus, a special sneak peek at the new season When "the road to Halloween wars" continues. Narrator: The Halloween wars team has journeyed across the country In search of the absolute best pumpkin carvers... "Halloween wars," I'm ready. ...Cake artists and sugar magicians... Are you ready for me, "Halloween wars"? ...Who dream of taking their place On one of the season's six new teams. Failure's not an option here. I'm coming to beat all y'all. Narrator: So far, we've met 15 inspiring Halloween warriors, But now it's the moment we've all been waiting for. Time to find out who gets picked and who has to keep dreaming. [ shing! ] I got some good news, you've been picked For "Halloween wars." Oh, my god. Are you kidding me? I can't believe this. Seriously? Oh, my god. Whoo-hoo! I'm going to be on "Halloween wars," season 10. Yeah. I cannot out wait. You're not going to be disappointed. I've been waiting for this phone call. I'm going to bring it. I am going to bring it. What? You're kidding. I cannot wait. I cannot wait. I cannot wait to be on "Halloween wars." It's been a dream of mine for so long. Oh, my gosh. I can not believe this is actually happening. Are you kidding me? That's awesome. When's my flight? Oh, my. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. - Yeah! - You did it! Do you think we're going to win? - Yes. - You do? - Yes. - I'm going to try. Daddy's going back to "Halloween wars." I'm going to win this time. Narrator: These 13 artists, plus a few new faces will form our teams. The kitchen's set and they're ready for battle. Coming this season. Winner, winner. I think we got the cute and the scary factor on this one, guys. Narrator: Six of the most talented teams That "Halloween wars" has ever seen will face off. [ laughs evilly ] I came here for war. So, this is my war paint. Man: There's no such thing as a perfect pumpkin, Only a perfect pumpkin carver. Narrator: Their creations are bigger, More detailed and scarier than ever before. Woman: That's one ugly catfish. I specialize in ugly. One of the scariest things I believe I've ever seen on this show. These are my nightmares. Narrator: When they do battle, it's sure to be terrifying. I want to do a horror movie that's based on this piece. Man: The bigger the risk, the bigger the reward. Man #2: Scary as hell. Game is on, baby. Narrator: Which teams will come together? Oh, my god. That's so scary and I actually feel it under my skin. Narrator: And who will fall apart? - Guys, we got a problem. - No, no no. Take the arm out. Take the arm out. - Gah, I just failed! - What happened? Oh, my goodness. [ judges groan ] You are so much better than this. Narrator: When the pumpkin dust settles... ♪♪ Only one will be champion. I think we bit off more than we could chew on this one, guys. Oh, no. Alright, let's pull it together, guys. Come on. We got to have this. - Oh, shoot. - None of this is holding. Without that, they have nothing. Daniel: Very little margin for error. It's going to come down just to the nitty gritty, The most minuscule mistake and you're out the door. ♪♪ Bennett: Tonight, "Halloween wars" kicks off with the most thrilling... Awoooo! ...Chilling, and blood-curdling food art you've ever seen. Woman: It's all that and a bag of chips. It's always the losers that talk smack. Bennett: Six teams of master food artists Will enter the battle... Whoo! ...As they combine cake, sugar, and tons of carved pumpkin... There's no such thing as a perfect pumpkin, Only a perfect pumpkin carver. ...To give us hair-raising Halloween-themed creations. Definitely the scariest character I've ever seen. Argh! Argh! Argh! Bennett: One by one, teams will meet their doom... Wha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Bennett: ...Until the last team standing takes home $50,000. I can buy a lot of pumpkin with 50 grand. I'm jonathan bennett, and "Halloween wars" Starts right now! [ spooky music plays, woman screams ] ♪♪ [ laughs evilly ] ♪♪ [ bird caws ] ♪♪ Happy Halloween! [ screaming and laughter ] Whoo! Welcome to "Halloween wars." The team that survives all five battles Will be taking home $50,000. [ cheers and applause ] When Halloween is just around the corner, There is nothing more satisfying Than heading out to the pumpkin patch And picking out the perfect pumpkin. But what happens when you reach down And pull out something totally unexpected and incredibly evil In a challenge we call "it came from the pumpkin patch"? Whoever wins earns an extra assistant in the second round, The spine chiller. You have got just 45 minutes, So you better get going. Yo, this is crazy. So, "it came from a pumpkin patch." We got any ideas? Some big, long, scary, hooky teeth. Yeah. You know, maybe a... Like, a mutation. Like a snail or something? - Oh, that would be awesome. - That'd be awesome. Amy: We are the candy coroners, And we're gonna slay the competition. Whoa, whoa. Easy now. This one's mine. Amy, I got some pumpkins. I'm amy mcbride, and I am the cake artist. So I'm gonna take these and stack them. Okay. I'm gonna cut them and stack them, stack, stack, So it's like a shell for a snail. Amy: Radioactive waste has seeped into our pumpkin patch, Causing the pumpkins to transform Into giant, vicious snails. I've got the main body almost done. I'm gonna make the body And the tail of the snail out of cake. Think it's best to make the shell out of pumpkin Because it already has that kind of spiny look to it. You got this, chad. Chad feeney is my pumpkin carver. He does some really, really awesome carving. Best I can do is put these together, Try to roll this in like it spirals. Janet: Pouring the sugar, guys. This is the goo, the slime. Amy: Our sugar artist is janet barron. She is truly professional in her field. In order to make the slime, She's gonna make shiny isomalt. Look at this! This is so cool! This is amazing! I love the slime. You want the big one, right? Yes, always the big one. We are team ghoulicious. Fingers are always tricky, right, Because you got the knobby little ends there. What would happen if the vegetables Suddenly had a craving for fresh gardener? Yeah, I'm gonna work on the eyes So cesar has a place to put the eyes. Deane arnold is our pumpkin carver. He's going to do typical jack-o'-lantern's mouth With the guts barfing out. Gory, very gory. Deane is also gonna carve two angry potatoes. They're angry potatoes. They got some sibling stuff going on. - You got the hot sugar? - I got the hot sugar working. All right. Heather: Our sugar artist is cesar barachina. Cesar is going to be making the eyes, And then he's also going to take some pulled sugar And make the vines that are curled around the fingers. So I'm just gonna roll him out And just squish that modeling chocolate. My name is heather sherman, And I am the cake artist on this team. I'll be making the eggplant. It's gonna be modeling chocolate. And then I'm also gonna make thumbs and fingers. They've been ripped off, and they're being bitten into. Cesar: So, I love that! Guys, I'm pulling the sugar right now So I can get those pumpkins blown, okay? - Okay. - I got to get... Will that be flat enough for you to join? Yeah, that's perfect. The name of our team is the mummies' rejects. I'm daniel miller, and I am the pumpkin carver. Daniel: I'm gonna use the flatter side, steve. I think it'll make a better face. Daniel: Our display... It's a pumpkin who comes to life at night. They're not gonna be next. You're gonna be next. Daniel: After I get him all smoothed up, I'm gonna put the fine details in with the knife. We got this, guys. Daniel: Haymu basa is an awesome cake artist. She's spot-on. Haymu: Making hand out of modeling chocolate, And modeling chocolate holds the shape really well. Guys, I'm trying to get this blown up enough so that it looks Like a nice mini version of your pumpkin right there. Daniel: Steve wise is the sugar artist. Daniel: You nervous or confident? No, I'm not nervous. You're a wizard, steve. It's that special pumpkin magic, man. It's time to say hello to your judges... Award-winning cake artist shinmin li... Hi! [ cheers and applause ] ...And special-effects makeup artist And horror-film director... - Oh, wow. - ...Todd tucker! Hey, guys. And now let's meet our guest judge. You know him from "it" And "are you afraid of the dark?"... Jeremy ray taylor. [ cheers and applause ] - That's insane! - Whoo! Jeremy has been in one of the most successful Horror movies of our time, So if I want to scare him, we have to bring our game. Jeremy, you have seen more movie monsters Than just about anybody. - Yeah. - So what scares you? Actually, it's heights. - Heights? - I'm terrified of heights. And tall cake structures... That might get your heart rate going, huh? Yeah. Exactly, yeah. I think we got the cute and the scary factor on this one, guys. We are the ghouly goblins, And we'll be gobbling up the competition. For half the price, you can grow your own pumpkin, But if it's a full moon, And then our pumpkin turns into a monster. Got that carved out fast. I'm a pumpkin's worst nightmare. My name is stephan baity. I'm the pumpkin carver in the team. I'm gonna make this terracotta pot. I want to be able to get that sun-kissed color on it. I'm gonna try to make this kind of bend forward And in, kind of like a flower would. Modeling chocolate's good at holding that. Stephan: Our cake artist is sam busero. Sam has this great idea of this venus flytrap Meets a beautiful flower that's kind of on steroids. How many leaves you think you're trying to make? Sharon: I'm gonna try to make three or four. Three or four? Okay. - Yeah. - Sounds good. Stephan: Our sugar artist is sharon howe. She has a willingness to try anything. Sharon is gonna make the vines And also some pulled-sugar leaves. Sam: This is my dream show to be on. We don't do christmas in my house. We do Halloween. All right, judges. What are you hoping to see? I'd love for them to take the pumpkin And manipulate it into something else. You know, I definitely want to see something Other than just a pumpkin on a platform. Tucker: Yeah, it's got to be less literal and more creative. So far what I'm seeing is really high-quality sculpting. 30 minutes left! We need to slide it forward So it sits flush against the hole of the... Lift a little of the pumpkin. - Lift the pumpkin up? - Just a tiny bit. There. Okay. Putting that dowel in so we can get that in the pumpkin. I'm gonna have to knock out his bottom teeth So we can put the hand in. - You all right with that? - I am so cool with that. - Excelente! - I love it. Guys, is that looking all right so far? - Sick. - Oh, that's sweet. Jeff: We're the crave diggers. When you're walking into the pumpkin patch And you pull those vines back and you see that serpent Just rising up out of that pumpkin, that's just creepy. You got the other one done, or no? Jeff: Yeah, the other one's done. My name is jeff taylor, and I'm the cake artist. Give him some snake nostrils. Pumpkin carver is eric jones. He's gonna carve the snake head out of pumpkin. Eric: Jeff, you want the face of the snake to match The belly of the snake, right? Yes. - Want to go with, like, a pink? - Yeah. Jeff: I have to make the body of the snake Out of modeling chocolate and rice-cereal treats. We have to make sure the structure's really strong To hold that pumpkin head. Joel: I don't even need to put a dowel. Once it's there, it'll stay. Joel gonzalez is our sugar artist, And he's making our vines. Joel, those are awesome, man. - Thank you. I'm gonna start doing the fondant right now. The name of our team is killer cakerz. You guys, I'm just trying to get this tombstone right. Our pumpkin patch is thriving in this old abandoned graveyard, And the undead are coming up and possessing these pumpkins. I want this tombstone to look as rough as possible. My name is carmel turner, and I am the resident cake person. Just airbrush this real quick, And then I'll start on the umbilical cord. It's gonna look super scary, Like it came out of this pumpkin patch. And I'm gonna have this fondant umbilical cord Coming out of this hell pumpkin. I'm gonna start prepping some sugar So that I can start pulling the legs. Our fantastic sugar artist is vanessa greeley. Vanessa's going to do eight spider legs out of isomalt. Vanessa, how those legs going? I think I may have one ready to check. Hollow him out about a little bit. Make him look like he's been underground for a little while. Out pumpkin carver is jim bill. Jim is gonna carve a screaming zombie face. [ laughing ] ew! - 10 minutes left! - 10 minutes? I still have to pour the other side! I need to get more color on that shell. You worried about that eye, cesar? You think it'll be okay? - It'll be just perfect. - Okay. Heather: Deane, how's it going on them potatoes? - Almost done. - We need them. - It needs to go that way. - Okay. Got it. So here? - Yes. - Yes. - That is wicked. - You got those eyes, sharon? - I got those eyes. All right. Right now, I'm gonna airbrush his belly. Out of this whole display, The hardest part is the sheer size. Do we need that on top, or no? Yeah, we really do 'cause to hide the top. We're already in trouble with this thing standing up. You got it? - Yeah. Got to put that tongue on there. Oh, watch it. Moving. It's leaning. I don't know if this is gonna to stay, guys. It's gonna go. It's okay if it's twisted as long as it stands. Jeff: We're gonna have a serpent. It's just rising up out of the pumpkin. We start seeing the body sagging. - Just take the top off. - Just take the top off. Joel: Just take the top off. Just take the top off. Pull that out, though. - Yeah. - It's missing its hat. Jeff: We don't have time to fix anything. Just really hope this is gonna hold up. Oh, we gonna have to do it. - Home stretch. - Final details. We could almost have a cocktail, we're so fast. Radioactive waste has caused the pumpkin To mutate into a snail. Chad: Amy, what about the shell? We do it like this. Ready? Here you go. Baker's blow. We got to get those handles on the pumpkins brown a little bit. - All right. - It's all you now. I like that. Man, sharon, you painted these really well. Sharon: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. - Are these all there? - It goes right on the circle? It goes right on it. Carmel: The undead are coming up and possessing these pumpkins. Carmel: You know what? You might want to wait Till I get this in there. And then I got to airbrush it, too. Okay. The hardest part of this display is to have the isomalt legs Match up with the size of the pumpkin. [ shattering ] - Oh, shoot. - Ooh! Sorry. - Man down! - Have to be six. - That's okay. We'll work with it. - Six it is. So I'm just breaking up shards of teeth. Heather: It's gonna chew right through that finger. Nyah-nyah-nyah-nyah-nyah! Do you want this red blood right here? - No, no! - One minute! One minute remains! - Come on, guys. Hurry. - One minute left, guys. - The grass. - We are the team to beat, dude. - They like it shiny. - We've done on the ground. - 10... - Come on. Come on. - ...9... - It's all you now. - ...8... - Let's do it. - ...7, 6, 5... - Put one more on. - ...4... - This thing is twisting. - ...3... - It's okay. - ...2, 1! - Oh! - Hands off your display! - What do you think? - Aaaah! It's all right if it's twisting. Just say a little prayer that it stays up. In this first small scare, You needed to create the nightmare scenario For "it came from the pumpkin patch." Mummies' rejects, you're up. Daniel: The pumpkin patch delivers pleasure and pain. Here lies before you the outcome of its latest victim. The sugar elements are the outside Two blown-sugar pumpkins, The hand and the various body parts, And the pumpkin, of course, is the carnivorous pumpkin. Let's go to todd. Tucker: I like the face on the pumpkin there. It's got a lot of character. So the two side pumpkins... I would've maybe put one A little bit behind the lead pumpkin Just to break it up so it doesn't look so placed. Bennett: Shinmin. I am in love with your sugar work, steve. It's not easy to age sugar work, But I love the presentation. I think you guys did a great job here. - Jeremy. - I love this. The idea of what he had to eat To get to that hand is terrifying. Candy coroners. Radioactive waste has seeped into our pumpkin patch, Causing all of the pumpkins to transform And mutate into vicious snails. The shell itself is pumpkin. The snail body is cake, And then the radioactive green slime from isomalt sugar. This snail character... The funny thing is, Is he's kind of rough and raw. It actually adds to the charm of him. It kind of all comes together as this weird, creepy creature. Li: I cannot tell That that's made of three different pumpkins. It's just seamlessly stacked. The only thing I would like to see Is some kind of color breakup. This is terrifying it's beautiful. It's so elaborate all at the same time. Ghouly goblins. There's a full moon. You wake up to the morning that your pumpkin seedling Has turned into a pumpkin monster. Our terracotta pot... That's carved out of pumpkin. The flower is cereal treat and modeling chocolate. The vines and the leaves are made out of sugar. Li: The oversized poured-sugar eyes... Just, it looks kind of crazy, and I love that about it. I wish that you had pulled the sugar leaves Just a little thinner So it can look a little bit more delicate, more translucent. I don't know that I would know this is a flower. It kinds of looks to me like four pieces of toast Crammed together with eyeballs on it. It isn't scary enough for me. I just think it's kind of adorable. Ghoulicious. What if the vegetables have a craving for fresh gardener? We have two potatoes that are actually carved potato, A cereal-treat-and- modeling-chocolate eggplant, Beautiful pulled-sugar vines, And some incredible sugar eyes. So it's a very simplistic jack-o'-lantern face. Then you show us these two potato pieces, And you're like, "look, I can carve." Tucker: I see the fingers that are coming Out of the different characters, But the wrapping that you have around it... Unfortunately, it's kind of taking away from me Knowing that those are fingers. Taylor: I think the flowers are beautiful, But I don't think they should be beautiful in this scenario Because they're also evil, And that looks like it's coming from a beautiful garden. Killer cakerz, let's talk about your display. Carmel: Rotting corpses possess the pumpkins That reside in a long-forgotten cemetery. The tombstone is actually all cake, And the main pumpkin, of course, is pumpkin. The legs are all pulled sugar, And the umbilical cord is fondant. I love the look of it. I do love how it has a story Without even anybody telling us it. I love the idea, the concept Of what you guys were trying to do here. When you guys take the time to sculpt an amazing face On a pumpkin, if I can't see it, it's worthless. Li: I love the fondant and the fact That you wove the different colors And pulled and twisted that into the umbilical cord. I love these sugar legs, but, you know, Just really highlight your work and show it to us. Crave diggers. All right. When we come to find our pumpkin, We found a serpent that had just hatched. Got some little baby snakes. The body of the snake was modeling chocolate And rice-cereal treats, and eric... - Uh-oh! - Aaaah! - Ohhhh! - Ohhhh! - [ sighs ] - all right. Well, guys, the bad news is that just happened. Eric, I love that you sculpted that out of pumpkin, But I think that doing that out of rice cereal in this case Would've been smarter because it would not have been as heavy. The sugar work on the vines is beautiful. They look really elegant. You have weight issues obviously, But I like that you guys tried To do something that was a little risky. Jeff: I'm feeling like I let my team down. Most critical part of this cake failed. The judges are gonna go into their own pumpkin patch And pick a winner. We want to show all the other teams that we're the team To beat and really knock it out of the park for the judges. We want to win out of the gate Because we want that psychological edge. Bennett: Coming up... - No gravity mishaps. - I'm a little nervous. As long as we don't touch it. Nobody bump it. That should go right there. Easy. I got it. I got it. - Oh, it's... - Oh! [ evil laughter ] Bennett: We challenged you to show us the terror That came from the pumpkin patch, But the judges felt there was one team Who gave us the most seamless combination Of cake, sugar, and carved pumpkin, As well as a clear story. The winner of the first small scare is... ♪♪ ...Candy coroners. Congratulations. - Whoo! Amy: This is the first time anyone sees any of our work. To kind of be able to win the first challenge is Incredibly exciting. Since the dawn of time, the only thing scarier Than ghost and ghouls on Halloween Is the family road trip... Uncomfortable seats, messy snacks, And, "I swear, if you two don't cut it out, I will turn this car around!" Pretty scary stuff, but what would happen If the family trapped inside a steel box for days on end Was a family of monsters? Right now, we want you to create The most horrifying version of a monster road trip. Be sure to include a coffee-infused treat So that the judges are operating on plenty of nightmare fuel. Each of you will be getting one assistant, And, candy coroners, You get double the help with an extra assistant You earned from your win in the small scare. You have got just five hours, So get to work! ♪♪ - Woo-hoo! - That was a train wreck. It's behind us. Let's move on. Zombie settings, like kind of a family. What about adding a hitchhiker? Fast food. Our display is gonna be a casket roadster With your typical nuclear zombie family cruising down the road, And they're gonna pick up a hitchhiker for fast food. - Whoa! - Whoa. Steve: That's awesome, dude. The human body's gonna be built out of pumpkin. This is gonna be the torso for the hitchhiker. All right, guys. I'm gonna get started on the scorpions. Steve's gonna make pulled-sugar scorpions. I mean, we're gonna need a ton of those. - Look at them. - Wow! Don't they look great? So haymu's making the victim out of modeling chocolate, Then she'll have tools that she uses To make the really fine detail. Smells like a win. - Hey! - Hi! - Hi! - Hey. - Hi! Nice to meet you! - Hey. Chad. Amy: We were really excited to win. We get an extra baking assistant, And that is a huge, huge, huge help. Okay, chad. I'm gonna start on mount monster-more. Awesome. Amy: Werewolves are camping in an rv To sightsee mount monster-more. They are enjoying a human feast. I think this will work good for the camper. Amy: Chad's gonna sculpt the rv out of one pumpkin But five different pieces To make it look like it's one cohesive unit. We've got to take this home again. Janet is gonna blow sugar flames to create dynamic fire. - What do you think? - That looks beautiful. Amy: I'm making mount monster-more. We're gonna stack up half-sheet cakes In order to create and carve this mountain effect. I'm gonna carve this one, and then I'm gonna carve The hill for your rv next. We do zombies, right? Get a little blood action in there. Oh, so you going for the gore a little bit this time, huh? Oh, yeah. So the story is the zombie is going on a road trip. It returns home to pick up the rest of his family. Soon as I get the shape of this head, I'm gonna cover it in modeling chocolate. Sam is gonna make our zombie using rice-cereal treats, Then cover it in white modeling chocolate. She's thinking about having it bald on top, lightly saggy body. I'm starting to think she saw a picture of me Without a shirt on. I'm gonna start my gravestones. Sharon will be making the tombstones out of cast sugar. I got to torch the bubbles out. Gonna cut this pumpkin up and carve A whole engine out of it. In order to build the engine, we need a thick-wall pumpkin. This technique that I'm doing I've never done before, So hopefully it won't bite me in the behind. The bigger the risk, the bigger the reward, right? Everybody, all together. Ghoulish team: Arrrrrrrr! We're traveling. Pumpkin people speed down a darkened highway, Hit something, and two gruesome arms Scratch their way down the hood. This is starting to really stack up nice. I am almost done. For the car, I am going to be stacking Probably the biggest cake I've ever stacked in my life. You gonna hide those seams? Are they gonna look nice? Heather: Doing my best, buddy. Heather: Cesar has a ton of poured sugar That's gonna be both the sugar sign And with the windshield. That is the bomb! - You dig that? - Why you doing that? 'cause I need an expression. Heather: Deane's gonna make these killer pumpkin heads, And he's using color and shading to accentuate his design. We're a great team. We're gonna go all the way to the finals. - Oh, this is sweet. - Yeah. Eric: I'm gonna stand that one up like this for the mechanic. Jeff: So in this one, we're gonna have the monster family, And they actually terrorize the mechanic. - Hopefully it doesn't fall. - Oh. Jeff: Eric's gonna carve all the heads. This pumpkin is gonna be the driver of the car. It's gonna be the dad monster. The car is actually gonna be made all out of cake. Baby's gonna back here somewhere. Yes, I'm glad you said that. I need to find that hole. We're looking good on the seams of the car. That's all one piece of chocolate? Joel: All one piece of chocolate. Joel's gonna make the gas pump out of chocolate, And we're gonna have a long-neck monster That's gonna be in the back of the car, And joel's gonna actually cast the neck Out of sugar this time, And he airbrushes detail on it... - No gravity mishaps. - I'm worried. Jeff: I still have that snake falling, You know, in the back of my mind. You know that you got to bring your best, Or you're gonna go home. I think this display is gonna be out of this world! Just wanted to go a completely different direction And go alien road trip. There's nothing worse than finding your fuel rods on empty, And it's 150 light-years to the next fuel stop. Jim: Top of the head is one pumpkin. The jaw is one pumpkin. There's not gonna be any pumpkins left after this. Jim has to take care of the mama alien. This is many pumpkins, and then get them to stack On each other in the right way. So I have to move on to larvas. Carmel: Vanessa has to make three baby larvae Out of modeling chocolate, And she has to make these large probing eyes for our aliens. It's gonna be cute. I'm gonna be doing fred the alien out of modeling chocolate, And then you can take the tools And do all the little fine details. I think they're gonna look like a little family. - Details, man. - Yeah, I'm doing my best. - Highlights and shades, brother. - Doing my best. We're gonna kill this one. Stephan: This engine... I'm gonna start putting all The other pieces and parts on it. Sharon: I can't wait to see it. Ugh! Monster dad, are we there yet? - Monster dad, I'm bored. - He's touching me! - I'm not touching you! - He's... [ brakes screech ] You kids be quiet back there, or I will turn this car around! Monster dad, we only have four hours left! See what I did there? Daniel: Four hours... That burned up fast. All I'm caring about right now is redemption. And we have to abbreviate light-years into "lghtyrs." Hopefully will stay put. I am covering mount monster-more in fondant To make it match the cliffs. In the south, we have the natural energy drink Of cola and peanuts. Heather: Cesar's working on the tasting element. Cesar, I can smell that cola cooking. Heather: It's a coffee-brownie tort, Filled with whipped cream and cola gel, And sprinkled with a caramel-peanut streusel. Heather: Mmm. That one's my favorite so far. So I'm airbrushing to make it look vivid. That looks real. They're gonna believe it's a real coffin. So, guys, I'm gonna start right now On the tasting element. Okay. Daniel: The tasting element is a white-chocolate profiterole Filled with a coffee cream painted like an eyeball. It should have a heavy coffee taste. Steve: Put a little chocolate eye in the middle there. Daniel: These are zombies. They got to munch on something, you know? This is coffee-flavored filling. I'm gonna roll it in the nuts. Stephan: We're gonna make this hopped-up coffee, Almost like a chocolate bon-bon, And it's gonna have a soft coffee liqueur on the inside. I'm trying to roughen these up a little bit To make them look like real rocks. How are you doing on time there, amy? Amy: I am starting on the werewolves. I feel a little bit behind. I need to get the father-and-son werewolves done. The modeling chocolate will allow me To create a lot of texture, Make it look like they're covered in fur. Amy. That looks awesome. Still have to cut out the bottom. See this piece right here? I think it's got a good curve. He needs specific proportions from the curve of the pumpkin In order to create the right shape. Aaaaah! - What was that? - I don't think we can fix that. See this piece right here? I think it's got a good curve. Amy: Chad wants to make this camper look As realistic as possible. - [bleep] - wow. I don't think we can fix that. That was the only piece that I could use. Which one should we get? This one? Will that one work? - No, no. We got to have... - Is that too big? We got to have one with a flat enough piece on it. He needs specific proportions from the curve of the pumpkin In order to create the right shape. Oh, I think this one will work. Perfect. I got to get at least the front and the top piece together. That's great, as long as it holds. Jeff: We'll be fine. Time is critical. Joel has a huge gas pump. He's got the neck of that long-neck monster. I have a huge car and the bodies. Eric has three heads to get done. So we have really stretched ourselves To the max on this one. Time is flying by already. I've never felt better. Jim: We're slowly building the segments up. It's coming together a little rough. Carmel: The alien family is going on this intergalactic road trip. This is a scene played out in every city in every galaxy. Working right now on the control panel, Just embellishing it, just adding the little details. Hey, vanessa. You think this looks like hamburger-bun color? Oh, yeah, totally. Carmel: I'm going to be making coffee macarons With coffee-ganache filling, And they will look like little hamburgers That the family has eaten. Ooh, cute. Mmm! - Six teams hit the highway! One team breaks down! Two hours left! Wow. Two hours. Geez louise. It's a happy little tree and lives right there. As far back as you can go. They gonna be able to spin? Jeff: Yeah, they're gonna spin. I got a lot to do here. Come on, guys. We've got to finish. Well done. Well done. - Come look at this. - That's awesome. Amy: Got to make sure that all of those details We sculpted in show through. - Steve! - What's up, deane? What are you carving? A bowl? Yeah, to put all this green in... money! Stephan: I will be making the hot-rod wheels out of pumpkin, But as a traditional hot rod, I wanted bigger wheels on the back, Smaller wheels on the front. Sharon: You think that's big enough? - Oh, yeah, I think so. - Okay. Sam: They say that when you sculpt faces, They end up looking like people you know. - Yeah. - My dad's gonna kill me. Cesar: You got a beautiful mirror here. Yes! [ laughs ] Heather: Two pumpkin people speed down a dark and remote highway, Hit something, and it scratches its way down your hood. Aw, big long claws! My modeling-chocolate monster hands have one job, Which is to impart the idea of motion. So now I'm gonna put a groove where it, like, Scratched its way down. - Careful. - Be careful, you guys. - Is that better? - Yeah, that's killer. Steve: He's looking dead. Daniel: We have the zombie family cruising down the road, And they're gonna pick up a hitchhiker for fast food. You gonna straighten your hair, haymu? Oh, yeah, sure. Haymu's doing the zombie passenger, And then she's gonna put corn silk for hair. This technique helps it to dry. So, for the corn silk, she used a flat iron Like you'd use on your hair, and it's working. Cactus are all done, but I need to airbrush everything. Daniel: I think I've got all my carving done. I just want to get them on here and then do a final touch last. Guys, we got to get the wheels on there, Or this thing ain't going nowhere. Got you. Bennett: 30 minutes! All right. We're bringing it around. Amy: We need to finish all of our pieces And get them on the board. - How's that, amy? - Further back towards that way. - This way? - Yeah. Chad: Oh, this is sinking in this buttercream. Oh, crap. We got to get stuff on this board, guys. All right. I got to put the teeth in there, touch him up. Sharon: A little bit more forward. Okay. Let's throw some dirt, like, under the car. Okay. You ready? You sure? Sure. Cesar's in charge of putting in a sugar windshield. It's essentially glass. - Right there. - Right there? That should go right, like, right there. Okay. Easy. I got it. I got it. [ shattering ] - Oh! - Dead center. - What can I do? - Oh. - Easy. - I was just guiding that. - Oh! - Oh, my god! Heather: Cesar is going to install the windshield, And it cracks right in the middle, And at this point, I don't know what he's gonna do Because there's not time to make another one. And then innovation. So, since they hit the monster, They had a little bit of an accident, And so the windshield's cracked a little bit, And so we're gonna split the windshield. So whatever these guys smashed into broke the windshield. Universe fixed. Perfect. Cracked the windshield. That's all we do. - I dig it. - We cracked the windshield. So you have 10 minutes left! Cesar: I'm a little nervous. As long as we don't touch it... Nobody bump it. It's leaning, but it's not gonna tip. I'm just gonna stand here for a minute. - You like it? - I like it, yeah. It looks fierce. Haymu, you got to hit his hand right here, please. We can touch this up with some more color. We need to move the panel a little bit So we can see the kids. Can we move this arm a little bit? Nope. It won't. It won't move. You have one minute left! Deane, hit me with that fan. $50,000 is on the line. We got to bust a move. - Oh, my god. Hurry up. - Just great. - You got it? - Oh, my god. - I am not going home. - 10, 9... - Finish it up! Finish it up! - ...8, 7... - This is it. - ...6... - Polish, polish. - ...5... - Oh. - ...4... - Hurry up, you guys. - ...3, 2... - I'm digging it. - ...1! - I'm digging it. - Hands off your displays! - Oh! - Whoo! Oh, my god. Mummies' rejects, tell us about your display. Daniel: It's the zombie road trip. What more fitting place than death valley For their family retreat? And en route, they pick up a hitchhiker for some fast food. Aaaah! The car is cake. The lady zombie is cake and modeling chocolate. The driver is pumpkin. The mirrors, the windshield, cactus, And all of the scorpions are all sugar. Tell us about your treats. Our profiterole eyeball is filled with coffee buttercream And dipped in white chocolate. Li: You just have this nice crackle, And then you get right into the coffee buttercream. That was the perfect, perfect treat. I love that the characters there are kind of indiscernible In terms of the materials that you used. I don't see, like, glaring pumpkin. I don't see glaring cake or modeling chocolate. The face on this hitchhiker... I mean, he is just so terrified. You guys have created the scariest haunting display, Especially the zombie mom... Horrifically beautiful. The backdrop is a little bit muddy for me, And it's simply because the colors in the backdrop Are very similar to the foreground. Jeremy, would you want to play the zombies or the hitchhiker? I would like to be off that set. Just all so beautifully terrifying. Crave diggers, let's talk about it. Jeff: We had a monster family terrorizing the mechanic. The car is made out of cake. The bodies of the monsters and the mechanic Is made of modeling chocolate. The heads are made of pumpkin. For this monster, joel made the neck out of sugar, And the head is modeling chocolate. The bolts on the floor is milk-chocolate-espresso ganache With hazelnut crunch. Li: I love that your treats really fit in With your story line. This is such a nice, classic combination Of chocolate with coffee and hazelnut. It's really well-balanced, and you just can't go wrong. I feel like this is your second chance at a serpent. - Oh, no. - Oh, my god. - Uh-oh! - Aaaah! Li: And joel, I think it's great that you created this neck Out of the sugar because that's not going anywhere. Tucker: I know exactly what the story is. The characters are so uniquely different, But yet they're all from the same world. You gave them each their own color. It looks fantastic. I would love to see the car A little bit more towards us Because I can't see the wife in the back. Killer cakerz, you're up. Carmel: Mom is griping at dad for missing the turn. The children are not sharing, And there's nothing worse than having the fuel rods on empty And being 150 light-years to the next stop. The mother is all pumpkin. The blue dad and the little larvae children Are rice-cereal treats and modeling chocolate, And the sugar elements are the display itself And the little gearshift. The little hamburgers Are coffee macarons with chocolate ganache. Li: That macaroon treat I love Because you've nailed the texture. It's got that crunchy texture on the outside And very, very chewy in the center. This is really such a fun display. I actually love the polar opposites Between the mom and the dad. She's this, like, beast-y, gnarly character And the father here with his amazing Detailed ribbing and shapes of the knees and all the joints. Tucker: You have some great characters here, and they're so different. Now, I have one pet peeve, And it's the same one you guys had last time. I can't see the little cool babies. Taylor: The mom is amazing. I cannot believe that that's all out of pumpkin In that amount of time. - Thank you. - Thank you. Ghoulicious. Heather: Monster road trips are scary enough already, And suddenly you hit something, And now they are along for the ride. We have our lovely monster pumpkins. The hands are made out of modeling chocolate, And then we have a cake car With an incredible freestanding sugar sign. For our tasting element, it's a coffee-brownie torte And cola gel and candy-caramelized peanuts. Cesar, your treat is really delicious. However, the two strongest flavors I taste Are the chocolate and the peanuts, So I want more coffee. Taylor: Your display here is fantastic. I love the emotion on the pumpkins. One of them's kind of like, "oh, gosh. We just hit a werewolf." The one's like, "that was kind of fun." Tucker: The way that you blended the back part of the pumpkin To the face part... It's great stuff. The werewolf arms are great. The scratches in the car give it some tension. Those faces are incredible. These pumpkins look like they were just grown With those faces already on there. I would like to see some kind of suggestion of a body Other than just fondant-wrapped stems. Candy coroners, you're up. Amy: Our scene involves a father-and-son werewolf duo On mount monster-more. The rv is sculpted out of pumpkin. The mount monster-more is rice-cereal treats and fondant. Our tasting element is an espresso-chocolate mousse Covered in a dark-chocolate ganache. It has candied, toasted hazelnuts underneath. Mmm. In terms of your treat, it could've been dialed down To maybe, like, a third of that size, And then I couldn't taste the flavors all together, Which is, I think, your intention. I love that you're telling the story Of a father-and-son werewolf team, And you got some amazing details here, Like the hand on this kind of rotisserie spit. The pulled-sugar flames... Also really beautiful. Really, really great textures coming from the back. You've got lots of textures coming from the front. However, everything is tone-on-tone. You've got gray-on-gray, and you've got brown-on-brown, So it's really hard to distinguish Some of these great delicate details you've got here. Tucker: I love that the story is that you have the dad werewolf Taking his son werewolf out for his first transformation. I can identify with that. The problem I have with this piece Is that the trees, the werewolf, the ground, everything is brown, So it's kind of muddy. The detail on the werewolves are really cool. I do think they could be dialed up a little bit In the scary factor. Ghouly goblins, let's talk about your display. Stephan: Our dad zombie, before hitting the road, Stopped by the graveyard to pick up the rest of the family. The car is made out of cake. The engine is made out of pumpkin. And the gravestones are made out of sugar. The hands are made out of rice-cereal treat, And the wheels are made out of pumpkin, also. Our tasting element is a coffee-liqueur filling That's surrounded by a white-chocolate, Airbrushed to look like a rock. Li: There's a lot of caramel flavor Because you cooked down the cream with the sugar. That creates this really deep caramelly flavor, So good job on the treat. Stephan, I love the work that you did on the wheels. I wish that you created more pumpkin work Because you do have five hours, And you have to treat every challenge like it's your last. The character's very cool. Unfortunately, the zombie character... You've got a red, a green, and a flesh-tone white, But it's just not really reading and breaking it up. The paint job could've been a little bit more finished. If I was old enough to drive, I would totally drive this car... 100%. This is really, really awesome. Ghouly goblins, thank you very much. We'll meet you right back here in a few minutes. Looking around the room, I was not proud of what we created in the end. At the end of the day, we gave it our all. I'm not ready to go home. We're not ready to go home yet. Judges, this is how you kick off "Halloween wars" season 10. - Absolutely. - Absolutely. Let's talk about crave diggers. Li: They came back swinging... Super, super refined, great paint job. The entire piece was so clean. That snake was really cool, And the way that they did the body out of sugar... I don't know if I've seen that before. I would like to see more of the wife in the car, But at the same time, I feel like I can forgive them Because they had so many cool characters besides her. Mm-hmm. Li: You know what I love that joel did with his treat? He had this gorgeous hazelnut crunch down below. I thought it was the perfect balance, Super-classic combination of flavors. Then we have the mummies' rejects. Tucker: Absolutely the scariest of all of the displays. This is the scariest cake I've ever seen in my life. Li: Cake-and-modeling-chocolate mom, We have a pumpkin father, potato babies. They really blend in. They look like a family. For me, really the only issue with this piece Kind of was the background. Those backgrounds and foregrounds... They've really got to work together. Otherwise, it can take you out Of what you're supposed to be looking at. Li: You know what was not scary, though? Those profiterole eyeballs. That soft, gorgeous, whipped coffee buttercream inside Had such a nice, strong flavor. Let's talk about ghoulicious. Two gorgeous pumpkin heads, gigantic cake car, But then that's kind of it. Tucker: I feel like the bodies on those pumpkins Really needed more. - Yeah. So, I love that cesar brought the southern flavor to us With the candied peanuts and the cola gel. However, if you're gonna tell anyone That you're gonna taste coffee, you want to taste it. What's going on with killer cakerz? - It was just so creepy. - Yeah. It felt really, really realistic. Tucker: I did tell them those little babies That they had behind the lead piece... Just bring them up front 'cause they were so cool. It would've just made it that much cooler. Li: The macarons were actually really, really well-baked. The edges and the way that the legs kind of Ooze out a little bit... That's what we look for In a macaroon because it gives you that crisp. Let's talk about ghouly goblins. It's clear that there is a zombie driving a car, But it's actually not clear That he's trying to pick up his family members From under the grave until they explained it. Tucker: I thought it was cool how the zombie arms Are coming out of the ground. And it's kind of neat how the lead zombie Is holding the hand of the other zombie. I thought that's kind of a cool connection. I would love to see more sculpting work from stephan As a pumpkin carver. He did some wheels here. I would love to see the entire car out of pumpkin. Tucker: Yeah. The treat was actually really, really good. I love how they incorporated it into the story, And it was, like, the rocks around the tombstone. What do we think about the candy coroners? There's just, like, mounds and mounds of textures here. I love those details. However, what I really want for them to do Is just step out a little bit. Squint. Look at it. - Yes. - Can they see those details? Li: I mean, those gorgeous werewolves with the fur details And the fangs and then these beautiful eyes... They're totally hidden. Brown-on-brown and then gray-on-gray. Tucker: And there's a lot of great work there, So it's kind of disappointing That you don't get to see it, really. Li: The texture of her mousse was perfect, But the crunch that comes from the nuts Were absolutely hidden down on the bottom, And you can't get that all in one bite. We have to declare one winner and send one team home. Do we know who it is? This is a really, really close one. Yeah. This was... ♪♪ We asked you to give us your most horrific vision Of a monster road trip. Each of you came to this kitchen ready for battle, But in the end, the judges felt that one of you Gave us a design so seamless, They could barely tell what was cake, What was sugar, and what was pumpkin. The winner of this spine chiller is... ♪♪ ...Crave diggers. We win it. I mean, our first one. We got it, so we're excited. Unfortunately, two teams Fell just a little bit behind the rest. Ghouly goblins and candy coroners, One of you is going home right now. I am feeling there is no hope in the world for us. I know we're going home. Stephan: No way they're gonna call our name out. We're not ready to go home yet. I'm sorry, ghouly goblins. You're done in this Halloween war. Stephan: I feel a great sense of disappointment. Maybe if I'd have did more, That maybe we wouldn't be in this predicament. You five teams have proved you have the skills To scare our judges. Let's hope you can do it again. Amy: I thought there was absolutely no way That we were staying here. We need to bring it after almost going home. I feel ready for redemption. Ugh! Bennett: This season on "Halloween wars"... - Aah! - Make sure it's scary. The designs of these characters are off the charts, you guys. [ howling ] You went big, and I think, in this case, it was too big. Just what the heck is going on with this stuff? - Chad, look! - Chad! - No! No! - Oh, my goodness. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 