Jane Eyre: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Jane Eyre 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Jane Eyre (2006): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 Jane is told by Bessie that her Aunt Mrs Reed is on the verge of dying and requesting Jane to come to the unloved Gateshead Hall. On her dying bed, Mrs Reed informs her of a secret that Jane, contrary to her believe, has one uncle who wanted to take care of her. But Mrs Reed's cruelty in keeping this information to herself all these years left Jane in the cold Lowood School as a child. Despite her aunt's cruelty and believe Jane forgives her and returns to Thornfield. On her return to Thornfield Hall, which she has become to love as a home, she hears of the rumours that Rochester is to marry Blanche Ingram. Rochester presses and teases Jane in telling her that she has to leave Thornfield eventually due to the upcoming marriage. Finally, Jane tells Rochester of her feelings which, as she learns, are shared by Rochester as well. He proposes to Jane and is accepted. Two days before the marriage Jane wakes from a nightmare and sees the shadow of a woman in her room. Rochester tries to convince Jane that the woman was also part of her dream, but Jane's ruined wedding dress contradicts the idea. On the wedding day, Jane learns of Rochester's past. He is already married, his mad wife Bertha lives in the North Tower of Thornfield Hall and Jane leaves Thornfield. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ECHOING VOICE: 'No! No! Not the red room! 'Not the red room! I've not been wicked! 'No! Not the red room! 'Don't take me to the red room! 'Jane Eyre! She's not part of the family.' Miss Eyre? You have not grown tall. How is Mrs Reed? Mrs Reed? Oh, you mean Mama! She's extremely unwell. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I doubt you can see her tonight. If you would just step upstairs and tell her I have come, I would be much obliged to you. She has asked for me to come. I would not like to keep her waiting. Missus is awake. I have told her that you're here. Who are you? I am Jane Eyre. How are you, Aunt? You are not Jane Eyre. I have had such trouble with that child! She was mad. A fiend. I sent her away to Lowood, where the fever broke out and many died. But she didn't die! I wish she had! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Why do you hate Jane Eyre so? I hated her mother. She was my husband's favourite sister. When she died, he cried like a baby. And he insisted on sending for the child. Sickly, whining thing! It wailed in its cradle all night long and Reed doted on it, the fool. Even in his last illness, he called for "it" rather than his own children. Where's John? He always wants money. He's a fine boy and he loves me, but I don't know where to get the money. Where's John! Where's John? She knows he's gone. That's why she'll never leave this bed. Where's John? Ssh, ssh. She doesn't mean it, Miss Jane, half what she says. It's all right, Bessie. I don't mind. No, really I don't. You used to get upset. More than upset. But you've grown into such a confident young woman. Who could have known it? I suppose you have friends now to confide in. So your troubles don't plague you so much. That must be it? Yes. I do have a friend. Someone who... when I talk to them, they understand everything I say. They would laugh if I told them about Mrs Reed. They are so in tune with me, they know my thoughts before I even think them. Certainly before I put them into words. I always said you'd do well. I'm pleased that when you leave here you can go home to such people. My friend is to be married soon, it's almost certain. But she will not live far away, maybe you can visit? Yes, of course. That may be so. LAUGHTER Eshton here says that that swallow there heads south at the merest shiver of winter. Travels all the way to the most southern tip of Africa and then comes back here, to this precise spot. And I say, how do you know? As they all look exactly the same. Why would they come back here and not stay where it is warm? It is in their nature. It is what they must do. They must come home. What do you think, Edward? That's enough. Get along now. Shouldn't you be in bed? No, Madame. Oh, that necklace is so beautiful. I wouldn't have thought I'd say it - it's a pity the governess isn't here. I expect you are glad she stays away so long. Oh, no, I wish she would come back. I like her best of all, except for Monsieur Rochester of course. When Monsieur Rochester sees fit to make a certain announcement, that young lady will feel the benefits of a good English boarding school. LAUGHTER Is there a problem? Not at all. I was just taking a stroll through the hall before dinner. And did you like what you saw? Naturally. It could of course do with a little management, a few new furnishings here and there. And you think you'd like to, er... take all this on? What do you really want, Blanche? If only Aunt Gibson would invite me up to town. It would be so much better if only I could get away for a month or two until it was all over. Georgiana, if there were ever a more vain, absurd animal than you. You are completely useless. And in being useless, seek only to cling onto others. If no-one can be found to burden themselves with such a fat, weak, puffy, useless thing, you complain that you are ill-treated and neglected. You must be flattered, you must be admired, or you languish and die away. Well! Everyone knows you are the most selfish, heartless creature in existence! I know very well your spite and your hatred. You ruined my chances with Lord Vere. You could not bear the thought that I would be raised into circles where you dare not show your face. Let me give you this advice. It is the first and last I shall offer you. If you divide each day into sections and perform some useful task to timetable, the day will be over before you know it. You will be dependent upon your own senses and not have to be flattered and admired to know that you exist. After my mother's death, the hour of her burial, I wash my hands of you. It will be as if you and I had never known each other. And if we were the only two human beings left alone on Earth together, I would not address one more word to you. Who is that? It is I, Aunt Reed, Jane Eyre. You asked to see me. Yes. I did. I am very ill, you know. I need to ease my mind before I die. I have done you wrong twice, Jane Eyre. One was to break the promise I made to my husband. To bring you up as my own child. You know that. And... Go to my dressing table. Open it. Take out and read the letter you find there. "Madam." "Will you have the goodness to send me the address of my... niece, Jane Eyre." "I wish her to join me in Madeira." "Fortune has blessed me, and as I am unmarried and childless,." "I wish to adopt her and bequeath to her all I have when I die." "I am, Madam, sincerely yours, John Eyre." But this was written three years ago. Why did you never tell me I had an uncle who was alive? Because I hated you too much. I could not forgive you. Forgive me? For your conduct. I take you on and you treat me with contempt. You talk to me like a vile, wild animal. Forgive me my passionate nature. I was a child, Aunt. Let us forgive each other now. I could not forget. I took my revenge. I wrote to your uncle. I told him Jane Eyre was dead. That she had died of a fever at Lowood School. See? I had my revenge. Now you may have yours. You can tell him of my falsehood. I will be dead by morning so I don't care. SHE COUGHS Please. Water. Quick. I forgive you, Aunt Reed. Whether you wish it or not, I do truly forgive you. Woah! Take my trunk on up to Thornfield, would you? Won't you ride, Miss? You've had a very long journey. No. I'm nearly home. It is my favourite walk. There you are! You're back! Ungrateful thing! I give you leave for a week and you're gone a whole month! I want my money back, since you've had me so little in your thoughts. I said I would be gone for as long as I was needed. And I was. And you still owe me wages. Come, let's get you home. Adele will scream and shout, "Bienvenue!" Thank you. For your great kindness. I am... I am strangely glad to get back again to you, and... wherever you are is my home. Is my true home. Are you going? See, Eshton? Our swallow has come home. Eshton is using my coach to pursue some unusual twins. Yes. One, a Belgian, has been in a sort of a deep sleep for some eight months and he has been woken by a twin, now living in Toulouse, that he never even knew existed. It's amazing! You don't think it possible that two minds can be so in tune that they communicate across the country? And call out to each other across space and time? You are one of the world's most curious people, Eshton. And you are one of the most cynical, Rochester. Nonsense. I am the most romantic person I know. Be off with you. Miss Eyre, Miss Eyre! Amazing minds await your magnifying glass. Miss Eyre. Oh, Jane. You're back. Miss Eyre! Ah, at last the governess has returned from her travels. Can't you teach that child something so she won't be under our feet? It's a pity we can't stay for longer. But it's the Warreners' summer ball next week. Well, Blanche and I won't be there. We'll be occupied with a more important event, I am certain. Don't worry, you'll see her again soon. Ingram Park is a short journey for an enthusiastic rider. Indeed. Safe journey. Ah, there you are. Is Adele in bed? You're back to our routine very quickly. Now that all our house guests are gone, it is like it has always been. What's that? It is a book I used to read as a child. My "escape" book. I used to imagine that one day I could go anywhere I wanted. I took it with me to Lowood. And now? Now, I think it can go here very well. Now, Miss Eyre. If we're very lucky, we might see some dragonflies. Did I ever tell you of my travels in the Blue Mountains of Mongolia? And you can tell me of your travels in the black and gloomy forests of your childhood memories. So the vain, facetious cousin, Georgiana, found a mate within days of your aunt's funeral? So it seems. And what of the nun? I believe Eliza will settle in her French convent, never to return to worldly pleasures. I give her but a few years to become Mother Superior. So you returned to Gateshead half knowing you wouldn't find the old lady repentant or forgiving, or in the least bit pleased to see Jane Eyre, and this is how things transpired. And yet Jane Eyre doesn't seem to be troubled that she has no family, no-one in the world outside of Thornfield, who wishes her well. No. I have no family to speak of. But I hear you have been making plans of your own. I assume Miss Blanche's departure from Thornfield is only temporary. I mean, as Adele's governess, it is my duty to help you decide on a suitable school. Yes. Yes, indeed, and we mustn't forget that when I do, finally, relinquish my bachelor ways, we must find you a suitable position. What do you think of Ireland? We don't have to worry about that now. Not for a good while yet. Oh, look, look! See the emerald wings! Come. So, to find half of anything, we divide it into two equal parts. Elle est arrivee. Elle est tres belle! In English, please, Adele. But I think it must be Francaise, Miss Eyre, surely it must be? What do you think? A beauty, isn't it? Do you think it'll do for Mrs Rochester? Won't she look like Queen Boadicea? Yes, thank you. Leaning back on those purple cushions? You know, Jane... I wish I were a little better suited to matching her in looks. Tell me, magician that you are, are you absolutely sure you don't have a potion that can make me more handsome? I have told you before. That would be past the power of magic, sir. Come, Adele. Monsieur Rochester, I want you to tell me about the Caribbean Islands again. Sophie has taught me a song. SHE SINGS All right, incorrigible one. You must imagine a restaurant. No, let's say, a meeting place, where many respectable people come here at night to socialise. You must imagine... brilliant reds and pinks, the most exotic perfumed flowers, delightful, passionate music. The women are of course very beautiful. They wear bright silks, ambers, sapphires, emeralds. They are very seductive. But they are also mysterious, tantalising. Dangerous. ♪ La... ♪ Stop that noise or I'll send you to school in the morning! You're like a wild animal! The Caribbean is not as beautiful as it seems, Adele. I came back to escape. Summer's been with us forever this year. I can't remember when it's stayed so long. And Mr Rochester has stayed with it. He has never been here at Thornfield for this length of time. He found something to keep him from his travels. Mind you, I think there must have been a little disagreement. Really? Well, Ingram Park is not very far away, not for an ardent suitor. Yet he has not saddled a horse for several weeks. He spends his evenings either talking to you or prowling the lower gardens, like a bear, the gardener says. Of course, he's got the household business to worry about. What do you mean? Well, he'll be wanting to find us suitable positions. For after the wedding. Oh, no, he will take care over that, I'm sure. He's a good master. Thornfield is pleasant in the summer, isn't it, Jane? Yes, sir. You have become attached to the place? Yes, sir. And you'd be sad to leave? Yes. Must I leave, sir? Must I leave Thornfield? Yes, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you must. You are to be married? Exactly. Precisely. As you, with your usual acuteness, have already predicted, when I marry, Adele must go to school and you must find a new situation. Yes, sir. I will advertise immediately. No, you won't. I have already found you a place. Ireland is a long way away, sir. From Thornfield. It is a long way away from you, sir. We have been good friends, haven't we, Jane? It is difficult to part from a friend... and know you will never meet them again. And you and I... it's like we're a pair of Eshton's twins, bound together in some unworldly way. Sharing a spirit, we're so alike. When we are parted, when you... leave me, I believe that bond will snap and I will bleed inwardly. But you will forget me after a while. I would never forget you! How can you imagine that? What do you think I am? Oh, I wish I'd never been born! I wish I'd never come here. I wish I'd never grown to love Thornfield. I love Thornfield. I love it because I have lived a full life. I have not been trampled on. I have been treated as an equal. YOU have treated me as an equal. You are the best person I know. And I can't bear the thought of having to leave you. Must you leave me, Jane? Of course I must, because you have a wife. What do you mean? Blanche Ingram, of course. You are as good as married. You have promised her. I have not promised Blanche anything. To someone who is inferior to you. Someone who you have no sympathy with. Of course I must go! Do you think that I am a machine? That I can bear it? Do you think, because I am poor, plain, obscure and little, that I have no heart, that I am without soul? I have as much heart as you and as much soul! And if God had given me some beauty and wealth I would make it as hard for you to leave me as it is for me to leave you. You will not leave me, Jane. Let me go. Jane, don't struggle so. I am a free person and I will go and do as I please. Yes, yes, yes, you will. You will decide your own destiny. Jane, I offer you my hand, my heart and all my possessions. You laugh at me! No, no. Jane. I want you to live with me, to pass through life as my second self, my best earthly companion. Jane, have you no faith in me? None whatsoever. You doubt me? Absolutely. Jane, you know I don't love Blanche. I love you, like my own flesh. Jane, say that you will marry me! Say it quickly. Jane, do you accept me? Are you in earnest? I can hardly believe you. I swear. Then, sir... Call me by my name. Call me Edward. Then, Edward, I will marry you. God forgive me! And let no man meddle with me. I aim to keep her. There is no-one to meddle. I have no family to interfere. No. THUNDER RUMBLES Run and take off those wet things. Good night! Good night, my darling! I feel so astonished. I hardly know what to say to you, Miss Eyre. Mr Rochester came in here about five minutes ago to tell me that he had asked you to marry him. Oh, this cannot be true. But why? I am sorry to offend you, Jane, but you are so young. You know nothing of men. I have noticed that Mr Rochester seemed to make you a favourite. But I thought... That I was too monstrous to love? No. I meant, I thought you too level-headed. Too sensible a young woman to be so overwhelmed. Overwhelmed? Well... are you overwhelmed? I believe the good woman thought I'd forgotten my station. And you yours. Little does she know that I am the servant and you the mistress. I am sorry. I know that look. She thinks I do not know myself. And that you are doing as all men must. Jane, she doesn't know us. All the same, sir. Sir! When did I become sir again? Last night, you stood before the heavens and pronounced yourself my equal. That's the Jane I want to marry. To share my life. Will you dine with me tonight? No, sir. Edward. You promised to call me Edward. Until we marry... if we marry... In one month, one short month, you'll be Mrs Rochester. Or I'll be damned! Then until that morning, I will call you Mr Rochester, halfway between Edward and Sir. I will continue to teach Adele. We will go on as before. Then it will be seen that this idea, this... marriage, is a sensible proposition. I'm not interested in pleasing Mrs Fairfax. But for you... for you, I will obey. Now, hurry up and get your bonnet or we'll be late. For what? We're going to town. Oh, no! No, no, no. You're not coming. Out of there, now. Oh, please let me come, Miss Eyre. No! Absolutely "non"! Jane and I... Miss Eyre and I are going shopping by ourselves. Shopping! Were you listening to a word I said? Just today, to celebrate. Come, come, you can't get married in that. I will not be married at all if you force me into that ridiculous carriage. John, bring up the other carriage. And Adele shall come too. No. I'll send her to school yet. Will I go without Mademoiselle? Absolutely sans Mademoiselle! I am going to take Mademoiselle away. To Europe first, where I will take her to all the grand palaces and present her to all the kings and queens. You cannot do that, because she has no jewels. She will have. In London there is a very special box filled with jewels. I shall send for them immediately and Mademoiselle will be covered in them from head to toe while she teaches you mathematics. And when Madame, as she will be then, is tired of all these kings and queens, I will take her to a villa, whitewashed and secluded, on the edge of the emerald Mediterranean. Yes, yes, this will do very well. We need at least six day dresses. Are these the evening fabrics? We need three at the most. And this for the veil. No, even Adele will draw a line at that. There. This is much more suitable. Now, evening dresses. For Mademoiselle, what do you think? No? This is for Mademoiselle. Child knows you better than I do. I'll take it. Jane Eyre will not be overwhelmed. Miss Eyre. You will really be going the minute after the wedding? Yes. You will stay the night in the grand London hotel and then take the steam boat to France? Yes. I wish I could go with you. You must stay here. But don't worry, Mr Rochester... WE will pick out a good school for you. They will hit me and starve me. No. I promise I won't let that happen. Go. Who is there? Who is it? George, what time did your master say he would be home? Don't worry, Miss. He has been away one night already, he will not stay away another. So! I am only gone for 24 hours and I return to this! You can't do without me, clearly! Is anything wrong? It was not Sophie, it was not Mrs Fairfax. It was not even Grace Poole. But you were dreaming. I had been dreaming, but then I awoke. Thank God nothing worse happened! Thank God you're safe! It was not Grace Poole. Who else could it have been? I was not dreaming. And the rest of your dream? Is Thornfield a neglected ruin. Have I left you without so much as a word? No. So? Put it down to your anxieties. Your natural anxieties about the new life you are about to enter. Yesterday I was very busy and happy packing. I was not worried about the future. I think it a glorious thing to have the hope of living with you. Because I love you. It was a fine day yesterday. Look. The storm has gone. Voila. C'est tres jolie ca! Attendez. Voila. Merci, Sophie. Attendez, mademoiselle. Regardez vous! Vous etes tres belle... Madame. At last! There you are! How could I have thought that gaudy veil would have suited you better? Is John getting the carriage ready? Yes, sir. Is the luggage down? Yes, sir. Have it strapped and ready on the carriage. We are leaving the moment we return from the church. Yes, sir. I'm sorry, Jane. Are you ready? I require and charge you both as ye will answer at the dreadful day of judgment when the secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed. That if either of you know any impediment why ye may not lawfully be joined in matrimony, ye do now confess it. Be ye well assured that so many as are coupled together otherwise than God's Word doth allow, are not joined together by God, neither is their matrimony lawful. The marriage cannot go on. I declare the existence of an impediment. Proceed. I said, proceed. I cannot proceed without some investigation. Perhaps it might be got over, explained away? I hardly think so, it is insuperable. Mr Rochester has a wife now living. Who are you? My name is Briggs, a solicitor. You would thrust on me a wife? I remind you of her existence, sir, which the law recognises, if you do not. I have no wife. "Edward Fairfax Rochester of Thornfield Hall" "was married to Bertha Antoinetta Mason" "at San Benedictus Church in Spanish Town, Jamaica" "on the 18th day of March, 1825." If that is a genuine document, it doesn't prove the woman is still living. She was living three months ago. I have a witness to the fact. What have you to say? What have you to say?! Gentlemen, this is a place of God! My sister is living at Thornfield Hall. I saw her there last June. Impossible. I am an old resident of this neighbourhood, sir, and I have never heard of a Mrs Rochester at Thornfield Hall. No, by God. I took care that none would. Enough. When is enough? Clear the church. There will be no wedding today. Before you go, however, I bid you come up to the house. I have someone I wish you to meet. Take it back to the coach house, John. It won't be needed today. Very good, sir. Away with your congratulations! You're 15 years too late. Do you remember this room, Mason, where you almost lost your life? Morning, Mrs Poole. How is your charge this morning? A little touchy, sir. We are having some breakfast but she is calm now. Be very careful, sir. Aren't I always, Grace? We'd better leave. Why, Richard? Why are you frightened? Ladies and gentlemen, may I introduce you to my wife? Puta! Puta! Puta! Just leave, quickly, sir. She will be calm again. I will handle her, sir. That was my wife. As some of you know, my father was a greedy man, who wanted to preserve his estate by marrying his younger son off to a wife who would bring him a rich dowry. I was sent to the Caribbean where, knowing my predilection for dark, handsome women, I was tricked by Mason and his father into pursuing his sister Bertha... who was as beautiful as the glittering stars and just as tantalising. I was married before I knew it, before I had met the mother, who was, I found out later, at that time, and had been for many years, incarcerated in a mental asylum. And that insanity ran through the family like a black river of disease. It was but half a day before I realised what manner of wife I had been tricked into. It was but a few weeks before the full extent of her illness was made clear to me. An illness which has grown in violence and foulness at an ever-increasing pace. Then, serves him right for his wickedness, my father died. And my brother straight behind. So I... So I inherited everything anyway. The Rochester fortune intact. I brought her back with me to England. Intending to make Thornfield a comfortable prison for her. And for me. I have another house... hidden away. I could have kept her there. Where the damp inclement air might have rid me of her burden. I could have done that and no-one would have blamed me. But I left her here, with Grace... while I travelled the world, trying to forget the horrors at home. Until one day... one day, this girl appeared who knew nothing of this. This girl... who stands so quiet and grave at the mouth of hell. This girl... who is all... quietness and sanity and innocence. Do you wonder why I wanted her? Why I risked the wrath of God to get her? And now I must ask you to leave. I must see to my wife. Jane. KNOCK ON DOOR Jane? Forgive me. I couldn't tell you. I knew you'd never stay. Jane, come away with me. We'll go and live together in that whitewashed villa, away from everyone. You have no family to care. To interfere with us. Jane? Jane, can you hear me? Jane? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 