Trickster: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Trickster 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Trickster (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 Reeling from the discovery about his parents, Jared's world is further shaken when Wade warns him that he's in danger from Georgina - because Jared may also be a Trickster. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "trickster." (growling) Hey jared, headband? What, did you invite him? I was just trying to help. Maybe you can help By just minding your own business. How's jared? You mean the grandson you haven't seen in 10 years? I got a lot to make up for. You can start by helping me get rid of wade. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Georgina: Would you like a ride? My name's georgina. (dramatic music) You're wade's son. (glass breaking) (raven cawing) (wings flapping) What are you? A trickster. Does my mom know? She's also a witch. What's he want then? Guess we better find out. (intense music) (ominous music) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ (phone dials) Maggie voicemail: You got maggie, tell me your story. (voicemail beeps) (door creaks open) (ominous music) ♪ (jared sighs) Jared: Geez, man. I'm sorry, jared. Didn't wanna wake you. So you thought you'd scare me to death? Morning, sunshine. Did you bring any food or better yet, beer? How you holdin' up? You're a trickster and- Mom's a witch, like- What does that make me? Well I can't speak for witches, But for tricksters it's hereditary. But it skips generations. Well what's that mean? I've had a lot of kids, But none of them's ever been a trickster. Well how many kids? Hundreds. How old are you? Jared, if you're a trickster, Big if, Could be weeks, months, Even years before you know. But that's also why georgina is here, To find out if you are. Because she hunts tricksters. Wade: And why you should come to vancouver with me. We'll be safe in the city. They don't like cities. I've gotta talk to my mom. You trust your mom to tell you everything now? Lay low for now. I'll track your mom down. I'm sick of hiding here, I'm coming too. It's too dangerous for you. Oh and you? I've been avoiding georgina for a long time. Why does she hunt you? It's the way it's always been. (ominous music) ♪ (background chatter) That's it? That's everything. Georgina: Weeg'it. (ominous music) Weeg'it. Wade: Ahhh. You need a bell around your neck. (speaks in haisla) Wade: Minding my own business, Like you should. It's time. No more avoiding. Wade: I'm not avoiding. I'm just delaying. You've lost your way. Wade: The opposite. There's money to make. Whiskey to drink. This is what you've become? It's the way the world's become. Open the north door. Open it! Return us home. Come, your son awaits. (tense music) ♪ ♪ (soft harmonica music) (sniffs) Hm. (spritzing) (humming) (soft music) ♪ What have you? No sign of the boy. And weeg'it? What's he call himself again? Wayne. Wade. We get him on side. And if he won't? (gentle music) (hip hop music) ("crazy" by snotty nose rez kids) ♪ some say I'm wath'la, ♪ some say I'm crazy ♪ some say I'm wath'la, ♪ some say I'm crazy ♪ some say I'm wath'la, ♪ some say I'm crazy ♪ some say I'm wath'la, ♪ some say I'm crazy ♪ some say I'm wath'la, ♪ some say I'm crazy ♪ some say I'm wath'la, ♪ some say I'm crazy ♪ you're crazy ♪ I like you (switch flicking) (jared sighs) (switch flicking) Hey mom? (ominous music) Hey mom! (ominous music) Mom? Hey mom. (ominous music) ♪ (sniffs) Oh, fuck. Geez, disgusting. (phone dings) (phone dings) Fuckin' shit, come on. Lunch is ready. I've been trying to get ahold of jared since I got here. I got no bars. You're in the bush. Maggie: Yeah, no shit. I gotta let him know that I'm not dead in a ditch somewhere. Not gonna get reception out here. (phone dings) (phone dials) (disconnect buzzing) Operator: Your call has been forwarded to an automated voice- (ominous music) (soft dramatic music) ♪ (phone vibrates) Hey. Wade: Hey, I'm still lookin' for your mom, But no luck yet. Yeah, don't bother, she texted. Wade: And? And nothing. Wade: You all right? Sure, I'll meet you back at the shack? Wade: You're not there now? Stretching my legs. Wade: I told you, You need to lay low. Yeah, I heard you. Wade: I'll come by as soon as I can. Where are you? (phone beeping) (hip hop music) Oh hey. Ahhhh, shit. Oh. Guess it's too late to run away. No, it's cool. Yeah well, power's cut off, The fridge conked out, And everything spoiled. You know what that's like. I get it. Now, let's get you set up. Smooth or crunchy? Smooth. Ew, but who am I to judge? Kraft dinner or canned spaghetti? Um, that's a tough one. Both it is. Hey you got any, uh, beer back there? All yours if I did. Your order, sir. Thank you, ma'am. Sarah: I'm sorry. Sometimes I stick my nose where it doesn't belong. I shouldn't have invited your dad to the protest. Honestly, I'm glad you did. Like, seriously glad. Sarah: I'm almost done my shift. (gentle music) Wow. (gentle music) ♪ What is this place? It's, uh, it's my escape. (gentle music) ♪ The cleaners are on holiday. Holy shit, the pink e. You made it. Well it, it's not that hard. Maybe for the average joe, But you're not average, are you? Want some chocolate pudding? Appetizer first? (mercurial chords) (rain pattering) What are you doing with all this? Oh, I don't know yet. It's good to know our history. Remember where we come from and where we're going. You know when you took off, I didn't know where you were going. Or when you'd be back, if ever. So I told jared you died. I didn't know how to explain to a seven-year-old That his gran just dropped off the face of the earth. So when you sent him a birthday card the next year, He nearly shit himself. He thought that you rose back from the dead. (both laughing) Aww. (rain pattering) Ah, here it is. It starts there. An elder told me a story her gran told her once. Someone was poaching moose on their territory. They wanted to know who it was, So they did a calling spell to lure out the culprit. Did it work? Like a charm. We cast the same spell, Lure trickster here, Then kill him right this time. Fuckin' a. You know, using medicine for selfish reasons Could bring bad things. Whose side are you on? This isn't about sides. You don't even know why these voices want wade dead. Spirits! You know, If you walk the red road you'll find clarity. (maggie scoffs) What? Maggie: Recovering alcoholics Are almost as annoying as self-righteous vegans. You're impossible, you know that? Yeah, well the joke's on you 'cause you raised me. Sophia: Oh whatever, oh god. Takin' off again? See you in another 10 years? Sophia: No, goin' to get firewood. We got a trickster to bag. (intense music) (sultry music) ♪ I love this song. First place I look and here you are. Because I'm not hiding from ya. Georgina: You should. A long time since someone's come at me like that. Double whiskey, neat. She's buying. That's not contagious, right? You're hiding the boy. Where's your son? His name's jared, And I'm not hiding him. I'm preparing him. If jared's a trickster, And there's no sign he is, But if he is, He needs to be ready. I remember. You saw it. But you didn't do it. You don't have to live with it. That's not what ruined you, trickster. You know that. Wade: Remember how it used to be? Georgina: Can't forget. Everyone else has. Georgina: You're the reason I'm here. You're the reason I'm still here. Can't go back to the way it was. I'll find your son, With or without you. Thanks for the drink. (intense music) (thump) (glass breaking) ("the sea" by once a tree) ♪ get lost in the shadows of the tree ♪ come on down and it's you and me ♪ let's cut out the cooking it ♪ you wanna cooking it ♪ put it on your tongue and be swallowed by the sea ♪ ♪ be swallowed by the sea ♪ by the sea ♪ ♪ be swallowed by the sea ♪ be swallowed ♪ be swallowed by the sea ♪ be swallowed by the sea ♪ be swallowed by the sea ♪ be swallowed ♪ let's dance in the shadows of the trees ♪ watching kindness fly over me ♪ Sarah: I wish I was soft like you, But I'm not. I'm jagged. No you're not. You're not jagged at all. You know I- I see you in a city somewhere. And you have purple hair. What's my future? You're gonna find your parents. You think so? Yeah I know. (dramatic music) I'm sorry. I have scars. Like, a lot. That's okay. You know, I have scars too. Like, when I was, um, I was five-years-old riding my bike, I fell off and it was just rough. And, um, Another one. I hooked myself with a- With a fishing lure. It was-it was pretty stupid, but yeah. (soft music) ♪ ♪ ♪ You see them too? (soft sensual music) ♪ ♪ (Music) Mom? (intense music) (people chattering) ♪ (echoing) stitches for snitches, Rat bastard. (intense music) (echoing) hey son, How was school? (intense music) ♪ (echoing) mom? (echoing) she's in there. (intense music) (woman moaning) Who are you, jelly bean? (intense music) (echoing) he's going to be our son. (gasps) Hi. Hey. Shit. What? I stayed out all night. Foster unit's probably called the cops. Wait, wait, they'd do that? Sarah: Yeah, it's routine bullshit. I gotta go. You're a bad influence. (soft music) (ominous music) ♪ ♪ (latch rattling) (intense music) (gasping) (phone dialling) (phone buzzing) (intense music) Yeah, hey. Wade: Where are you? Are you okay? Why, what's the matter? Nothing, so you're fine? Jared: Well yeah, I was a second ago. Why, should I not be? Wade: I'm just makin' sure. I can't stop by for a while. You're on your own. Wait, wait, why not? Georgina, she's watching my every move. Well, what am I supposed to do, Just wait here until you lead her to me, Or-or until she finds me herself? Wade: No, I'll shake her off, Then I'll come get you, And we'll head to vancouver where you'll be safe. I can't leave without talking to my mom. (door rattling) I'll be in touch. What the hell am I doing here? And from what I remember, you wouldn't shut up. You took a vow of silence or something? (eerie music) Ugh. (phone dials) Pick up, pick up, pick up mom! Voicemail: Your call has been forwarded To an automated voice messaging system. You been practicing? No. I mean, I do sometimes. Hexes and protection spells. Just small shit you taught me way back when. Yeah, think you were about five years old When I realized that you had a gift. Right about the time you started smacking me around. Yes. You know, they took everything away from me In residential school. My language, Culture, Identity. They even took my virginity. And the more I resisted, the harder the beatings. I was terrified that that would happen to you, If you used your medicine, So I just made sure that you never did. Right. To protect me. No. To prepare you. To survive in a hostile world. But I was wrong. Let's get to it then. (rhythmic drumming) ("big crow" feat. Black lodge singers by dj shub) (raven cawing) ("big crow" feat. Black lodge singers by dj shub) (indigenous singing) ♪ (raven cawing) (cracking) (intense music) Crashpad: Yo. You weren't followed? You were serious about that? You got, uh, my mom's number in your phone? Uh yeah, I should, what's up? Call it. (phone ringing) Maggie voicemail: You got maggie, Tell me your story. (beep) Okay, that's weird. What number do you have for her? (suspenseful music) Crashpad: They're different. Someone changed the number in my phone. Who would do that? (ominous music) (phone buzzing) (background chattering) Georgina: I'm not leaving. Not yet. I know what to do. (ominous music) (door rattling) Don't you look like shit. Wade: You're one to talk. The hell did you do to me? I didn't do anything to you, weeg'it. Wade: Then how'd I get here? And what was that horror show you pulled on me, a spell? We don't cast spells, dummy. We're communicators. (edna scoffs) I wanted you to hear what I hear. A thousand cats skinned alive? I hear the land. And it screams in pain. (intense music) ♪ Maggie: You ever do something like this before? Sophia: Hell no. Then how do you know if it'll work? Or if-if we're even doing it right? I don't. We wait and then we'll know. What kind of bad could it bring? Well, hopefully we'll never find out. All right, so we're doing this one okay? (speaking in heiltsuk) Okay? Last chance. What are you waitin' for? Okay. (chanting in heiltsuk) (swelling intense music) Here's what's going to happen. We've got you now, We get jared, Then we make right. We got our differences. But like I told you, If the boy is a trickster, I'll do the right thing. I trusted you once before, weeg'it. Yet, here we are. That was a long time ago. And I've lived a few lifetimes since. Why did you even wanna keep going? Wade: Why did I not wanna die? Tough one. This world is diseased. Watching it die is sickness. Blaming the state of the world on me too? No, you're a victim. You just forgot. If I'm a victim, does that make- (groaning) (intense music) (wade gasping) (distant echoing chanting) What's with him? That's not me. (eerie music) (distant echoing chanting) I have to go. (eerie dramatic music) (distant echoing chanting) ♪ Edna: You're letting him go? I think he's under a spell. Edna: A spell? You mean- We may have found ourselves a witch. Holy fucking shit! (eerie ominous music) ♪ Maggie: Was it hard? Sophia: What? Maggie: Cleaning yourself up. Sure. Still is at times but- It gets easier. The spell didn't work. You need to be patient. I need a drink. You know, just so we're clear, I left because I thought you and jared Would be better off without me. Well you weren't wrong. Did you good though. The first time I killed wade? I don't know how I did it. I just, I felt this- This burning rage inside of me. 500 years of colonialism will do that. (tense music) (whispering) he's here. Wade is here. Maggie? (ominous music) Jesus. (ominous music) (door opens) (footsteps thudding) (maggie grunts) (wade groans) Wade: What the fuck? Maggie! The spell worked, I'll be damned. Who are you? I'm maggie's mother. So your my grandson's father. No time for a reunion. It's time you and I talked, And I won't take anything but the truth. What kind of spell exactly? A trickster luring spell. Is jared here? No, 'cause he's not an asshole trickster. Why? (door creaks open) Maggie: Who the hell are you? Sorry, don't mean to intrude. Who are your ugly ass friends? Definitely not my friends. Georgina: We've been searching for your kind for a long, long time. When was the last time we saw a witch? 61 years ago. And now we found two. What luck! Please, sit, let's talk. Who are you? Georgina: There was a time when we were all family. Witches, Tricksters, ancients. Cycle and balance, Harmony. You're called ancients? Maggie: I don't give a shit what you are, But I do give a shit why you're here. Put down your gun and sit. Please. Party's over! You get the hell out of here or feel my wrath up your ass. There really is no need for this. I just wanna talk. Wade: She wants jared. Don't listen to the trickster. He spins lies. So you don't want jared? Oh god, you're a pain in the ass, weeg'it. Why do you want my son? Your son? The son of a trickster and a witch. Huh, never saw that before. Either you guys walk back out that door, Or get dragged out. Maggie. I can't do that. Mom? (intense music) Grandma? Are you okay, baby? What's going on? Georgina: Jared, hi. Tell me, what brings you here? I told him to come. (georgina laughs) That's not true, is it jared? Maggie: You talk to me, not my boy. Hey. What are you doing here? They were just leaving. No we weren't. (intense music) (grunting) (edna screams) Maggie, no! (shotgun blast) (grunting) (suspenseful music) Move! (shotgun blast) (grunting) (shotgun blast) (screaming) (groaning) (screaming) (loud groaning) (loud groaning) Holy fuck. (loud groaning) (lapping water) (ominous music) ♪ Hey. Hey, oh, hey. Oh, back to normal, huh? Yeah, wouldn't-wouldn't exactly say that. Mmm. Yeah, that was fucked up. Jared: Are you okay? Mhm, yeah. I gotta-I gotta go. You can catch a ride back with your mom. (engine rumbling) You hungry? Thirsty? I get it. I do. Sophia: Where'd you get that? Maggie: My truck, in case of emergencies. Well, today's certainly that. You know, deep down in my bones I always knew that jared was special. Just wished he was like us. That certainly would uncomplicate things. So now what? Well I think we've still got a job to do. You mean kill him? No, I mean find out what wade really wants. He's a trickster for fuck's sakes. Nothin' but half-truths and lies. (suspenseful dramatic music) ♪ Tell us everything, now! What? - Mom. Stay out of this, spill it! Or I'll spill your brains into the fire. I was gonna tell you, But not an hour after you found out who you really are. There's no time like the present. Tell me what? (dramatic beat) There's a rite of passage, An ancient ritual that keeps things in harmony. What kind of ritual? Wade: As tricksters, We must pass on our knowledge and power To the next generation. It's a necessary step to maintain balance. It's not an act of violence. Violence? What are you talking about? It means a trickster, me, Must die at the hands of his trickster son. You. What? (ominous music) Jared: What, no, no you're making that shit up. I wish I was, son. But I'm not. One day you must kill me. (ominous music) ♪ Thanks for telling the truth. It better be the whole fucking truth. (ominous music) (rhythmic drumming) ♪ (raven cawing) (water splashing) (rhythmic drumming) ♪ (indiscernible dialogue) (rhythmic drumming) ♪ ♪ ♪ (frenzied drumming) ♪ (dramatic beat) (uptempo rhythmic drumming) (rhythmic chanting in foreign language) ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ (speaking in haisla) (indigenous dance music) ♪ (wade panting) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 