Trickster: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Trickster 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Trickster (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 While trying to ignore increasingly weird happenings and with Richie invading his home, Jared experiences an even bigger upset when he meets Wade, who claims to be his real father 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Trickster." Richie: Three grand, three days, or the next dead bitch lyin' in a ditch is gonna be your mommy. Maggie: Son of a bitch! Tony: What the hell is her problem? I'm gonna have to let you go. Hey, Dad. -Jared. I'm pregnant. You're gonna be an uncle. I think you mean brother. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Jared: You just moved in with the Jacks family? Sarah: This is my third foster home this year. Jared: I've been seeing some weird shit lately. (intense music) Jared: Arson and insurance fraud to settle a drug debt? Maggie: We're splitting it 50/50. Richie is staying with us for a while. (suspenseful dramatic music) ♪ ♪ Tears me up inside ♪ Can't we give a little bit little bit ♪ Just a little bit harder (door banging) Jared: Richie, turn it down! (Richie continues singing) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 At least change the song! (Richie continues singing) Dick. ("Can't We Try" by Dan Hill) ♪ Don't let our love fade away ♪ Don't let our love fade away ♪ No matter what people say Who took a dump in your cereal? Richie plays the exact same song when he showers. The same song, every day. That's insane. I think it's adorable. I like having a real man around the house for once, instead of a mopey, smelly teenager. I love you too, Mom. Ugh, this tastes like piss. How long is Richie staying here for anyway? Until I get my share of the insurance money. Mom. Richie could be the answer to a lot of our problems, Jelly Bean. Unless the cops figure out that you torched his trailer. You worry too much. You don't enough. Because it's a waste of time. Richie's a waste of time. You could have your pick of guys and you choose that loser? We're gonna play house for as long as it takes. Do not mess things up for me. You're gonna do that all by yourself. Aw, my baby's jealous. Try desperate. (hip hop music) ("Snotty Nose Rez Kids" by Skoden) ♪ Picture me rollin', bitch I go Skoden ♪ ♪ Picture me rollin', bitch I go Skoden ♪ ♪ Picture me rollin', bitch I go Skoden ♪ ♪ Picture me rollin', yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ Big chiefs in the building, homie pipe down ♪ middle fingers up from my hometown ♪ From underground Chiefs to the Braves to the Briefs ♪ Look whose got my back when it goes down ♪ On the outside, I'm meta-world peace ♪ I'm The malice in the palace, inside I'm a beast ♪ Put a fist in the sky for the Sioux Tribe ♪ Middle fingers up to the pipelines ♪ And I'm spittin' ammunition (Rambo) ♪ coming out the shadow, no camo ♪ No Tar Heels here, no more land to steal ♪ Don't fuck with me, I got Hansbrough ♪ For standing rock I stand, ♪ Lelu's voice I Am ♪ We deploy the braves 'fore ya destroy the land ♪ 'Bout to take it all back, we them village boys, let's go ♪ Still we all gon rise, they don't enjoy us (cawing) ♪ we on that ride or die, cuz we warriors (cawing) ♪ and that's word to the wise, fuck 'em vultures ♪ we stay loyal to the soil ♪ ya'll can't beat us might as well join us ♪ Or bitch we go SKODEN, SKODEN, SKODEN, SKODEN ♪ ♪ bitch we go SKODEN, SKODEN, SKODEN, SKODEN ♪ ♪ Bitch we go SKODEN, SKODEN, SKODEN, SKODEN ♪ ♪ bitch we go SKODEN, SKODEN, SKODEN, SKODEN ♪ ♪ Yo, ever since I was a little K-I-D, ♪ I've been feeling like my D-A-D ♪ every time he's around the RCMP, ♪ man I'm ready to fight (spray paint hissing) You seem to be fitting in just fine with the locals. For now. You skate? Sure. No, I don't. I don't know why I just said that. You bring any snacks to share? No, sorry I'm out. But I mean- I do got some Cheesies. Can't land a kick flip while baked anyways. Pssh, everybody knows that. You know, I didn't think you had a fun side. Them sound like fightin' words. Jared: Well I mean you're all reclaim this, decolonize that. You got it. Check this out. Hardcore resistance with a dash of sparkle, if you haven't noticed. I noticed. (distant voices chatter) Woman: Hey Sarah, you coming? Woman 2: Come on man, let's go! Later, skater. (hip hop music) ♪ Yeah! ♪ Play another game. ♪ Tell 'em, Mommy. ♪ I'm out of the gate and I'm feelin' in doubt ♪ I'm out of the gate and I'm feelin' the sound ♪ I'm out of the gate and I know it's about ♪ I'm out of the gate and I'm doin' it loud ♪ I'ma right your rights ♪ No one can take my life ♪ I'ma fight the fight ♪ No one can take my life (door creaking shut) Where's my carburetor? Yeah, it was-it was taking up way too much space, so. Okay. You're taking up too much space, useless puke. Go on, hit me. What? Punch me, I know you want to. Got yourself a little death wish or something? Huh? You're all talk. I know your game. If I smack you up, you'll run to mommy, I get kicked out. Not gonna happen. Well there's only one way to find out. All right. Game on, bitch. What? One of us is gonna have to leave, and I guaran-fucking-tee you it's not gonna be me leavin'. What's with you two? Richie: Ah', we're just talking. Girls and sports. Male bonding. Shit liars, both of you. There ain't no damn food. Jared: Money's tight until I get a job, and less mouths to feed. Well, Jared. Uh, why don't you run down and get some groceries for your mom, hm? My treat. Anything your mama wants. I'm not taking your money. The hell you won't. I want pancakes. Richie: Well take it. I got lots myself. I'll pay you back when I get a job. No need, no need. We're family now, hey? You can call me dad if you want to. Crashpad: I don't know, man. I don't think you should start selling again until you know who rolled you. You coulda kept the money. Yeah man, I can't do that but I really appreciate it. Oh hey, Mr. Nelson. What's up? -(chuckling) Hey. Hey boys. What's the word? Looks like the word is 'party'. Jared: What's the occasion? Tuesday? (Phil chuckling) You boys should come. Shit's gonna get lit. Wade: You must be Maggie's boy. Oh, hey Jared. This is my buddy Wade. Wade, my boy Jared. I see the resemblance. You know my mom? Yeah, back in the day. Yeah. Three of us were inseparable. Never heard of you before. Phil: Oh you've been gone, what now, 20 years? Wade: Almost. Crashpad: Ah shit, look at the time. Well I gotta go, man. See ya. Phil: Come tonight, Jared. Jared: Yeah, sure. Funny, you don't look anything like him. In fact, you got my eyes. What? I said you got my eyes. (ominous music) Wade: Hm. Ask your mom. (ominous music) ♪ What? (eerie music) ♪ it talking to me you guys! I told you the first time! Oh, oh really? (Maggie shouting) (ominous music) Hey Mom? Maggie: Ha ha, very funny. (Maggie indistinctly shouting) (ominous music) (Maggie screaming and shouting) Jared: Hey Mom, are you okay? (Maggie shouting) Hey Mom, are you okay? (Maggie shouting) Hey Mom! Richie: Ah! (Maggie shouting) I wouldn't. What's going on? Maggie: Leave me alone! Richie: Your mama ditched me so she could argue with her imaginary friends. Must be going on 20 minutes now. (tense eerie music) (Maggie shouting) She does that sometimes. Yeah? Ain't nobody told me she was crazy. (Maggie shouting) (eerie pulsing music) Maggie: Kick your ass. Get out of my- Get out of my head! ♪ I like the caress of steel ♪ It's the hard edge that I feel ♪ Heavy metal love ♪ She's my heavy metal love ♪ Ooh yeah heavy metal love ♪ She's my heavy metal love Dude, what's with all the old people? ♪ She's not the kind of girl ♪ You bring home to mom ♪ She's my heavy metal love ♪ She's dirty and mean ♪ But she's lots of fun ♪ She's my heavy metal love (liquid fizzing) ♪ I like the caress of steel ♪ (Phil coughing) ♪ It's the hard edge that I feel ♪ Heavy metal love ♪ She's my heavy metal love ♪ Ooh yeah heavy metal love ♪ She's my heavy metal love If Wade's your dad, he's pretty damn cool. Phil's cool too but, you know, in his own way. You guys wasted or what? Yeah man, I'm cool. I wanna show you something. 90 HP, 119 torque, 1900 cc's. Yeah I have no idea what any of those numbers mean. You've never ridden a motorcycle? No. Wade: If you want, I could take you for a spin before I head back to Vancouver. What'd your mom say? Nothing. Because I didn't tell her. You don't believe me. Why would she just lie about Phil being my dad? Because back in the day I wasn't ready to be a dad. Didn't have my shit together. Neither did your mom. Yeah, she still doesn't. You'd never guess it now, but Phil did have his shit together. Plus, he also loved your mom. So she did what was best for her baby boy. She was crazy back then too? Crazy's relative. Yeah, just hope it's not hereditary. If you're hearin' voices, like your ma, or other strange things, you can tell me. Yeah, no, no nothin' like that, no. You know your Grandma Sophia? She was shipped off to residential school. (ominous music) Your ma inherited a lot of your Grandma Sophia's shit. Might explain her situation. Doesn't mean you gotta bear it too. No, I didn't know that about Grandma Sophia. Wade: There's a lot of stuff you don't know. Starting with when you were born. So I was born in the back of a pickup truck, I know. You don't know the half of it. What, and you do? Sure. I was there. -Bullshit. Phil: Let's get shit-faced! Wade: Brother Phil, deliver us from sobriety. A toast. (speaking in Haisla) What's that, like Latin or something? Haisla kayla. Loosely translated, it means 'know thyself'. I'll drink to that. Hell, I'll drink to anything. (glasses clink) (thrash music) (laughing) Richie: Oh, Mr. Jared. How are you? Welcome, well come grab a beer, you little prick. Where's my mom? Richie: Aw, Jared's lookin' for his mommy. I dunno where she is. (chuckling) Richie: Mommy! Here. Tell me about the night I was born. Where the hell is this comin' from? Just tell me. (suspenseful music) I was drivin' back from Terrace one night, when I went into labour. So I pulled over in the middle of nowhere, and I birthed your wrinkly ass in the back of the truck. End of story. Wasn't there a totem or something nearby? Maggie: No totem, it was a ancient face carved into a tree. In Heiltsuk it's called Mamathlteeasa. Long ago our people would carve faces into trees to mark territory. It was one of those. So where was this? In the goddamn bush somewhere. You know, I was a little busy squeezing your fat head out of my uterus to take notes. And you were alone? Hey, why are you giving me the third degree? Because I met Wade, and he says he's my real dad. And that he was with you the night I was born. Why would he just say that? Wade was an old snag, nothing more. And he's still jealous that I chose Phil over him. That's why. Now fuck off. I love you, Jelly Bean. No, Mom. Stay the hell away from Wade. (ominous music) (engine rumbling) (ominous music) ♪ Maggie: (echoing) Wade! Where you going? (Maggie screaming) (panting) (Maggie groaning) (baby crying) (gentle music) ♪ (Maggie sighs) (ominous music) Maggie: Wade, where you going? (baby crying) (ominous music) Where you going? (distant baby crying) (ominous music) (Maggie panting) (baby crying) (ominous music) Give-give me my baby! (eerie music) (Maggie gasping) (Maggie screaming) (intense music) (Maggie screaming) (baby crying) (Wade gasping) (baby crying) (Wade sputtering) (ominous music) ♪ ♪ I killed you. ggie, you look good. What the hell are you? I came to see my son. Oh yeah? And who might that be? Because it sure isn't my Jared. (tense music) We were so good together, Maggie, you know? We could be again. I don't remember. In fact, I barely remember your sorry ass at all. So quit with the stalker talk. Right. So you came to see me to say you don't wanna see me? No, I came to warn you. You stay the fuck away from me and Jared. Or I'll kill you for good. (tense music) ♪ Man, I can't help but feel that my mom's not being real with me. So why don't you ask your dad? Well, I mean, Phil. Nice. No man, I can't say shit. That would honestly crush him. Are you sure you wanna grovel for your old job back? I don't have a choice, man. Hey! Hat! -Oh, shit. Tony: Jesus, it looks like super slo-mo back here guys, come on! Hey Tony? Tony: Guys, if you were moving any slower, you'd be moving backwards, come on! Tony? Jared, what gives? Hey man, I was, uh, I was wondering if I could get my old job back. I can't have you working here, Jared. What if your mom comes back and makes another scene? No, she won't. I-I promise she will not do that. Just please. I need a delivery driver. You got a car? No, no I don't got a car. I'm sorry Jared, it's all I got. All right, man. Can I just get a bucket of thighs? Yeah, sure. Spicy or bland as shit? Bland as shit will do. Give me a bucket of bland! (sombre music) ♪ ♪ Jared: Hungry? Oh, a godsend. What are you looking for? Phil: It's kids stuff from when you were a baby, for the new baby. You still have stuff from when I was a baby? Phil: Shit yeah, kept everything. Check this out. What a cutie, eh? Oh no. Was Wade in the picture back then? Yeah, three of us were tight back in the day. But he moved to Vancouver before you were born. He was always too big for Kitimat. Do you trust him? Sure. Wade's a good guy, just plays up the cool thing a bit if you ask me. (motorcycle rumbling) Speak of the devil. Wade: Jared, how 'bout that ride I promised you? No, no man I'm good. Thanks though. Wade: It may be your last chance. I'm leaving for Vancouver pretty quick. Ah, go on Jared. It'll be fun. (upbeat music) ♪ ♪ There's a calm in the evening, ♪ a stillness in the air, ♪ A red moon in the distance, ♪ a sunshine of despair. ♪ I can see that you are forlorn. ♪ Not where the seeds were born. ♪ And I watched them burst ♪ Conjure up last night. ♪ Your need against the storm. ♪ It must have been a bad dream ♪ that had you talking in your sleep. ♪ A stranger in the street ♪ maybe taking away my life. ♪ It'll be a long, long lonely day ♪ and a long, cold night. Wade: I miss this place. Mom thinks you're back just to cause shit, because you're jealous of Phil. She's right, I am jealous of Phil. He got to raise you. Well, yeah he's my dad. You need proof. Come on then. (ominous music) ♪ Jared: Where are we going? The stars were out crazy the night you came. Your mom and I were driving. She was alone. She was already in labour, so we had to gun it to the hospital. But you wouldn't wait. I pulled over, laid a sleeping bag in the back of the truck, not long after you popped out. Bullshit. I cut your umbilical cord with a Leatherman, I shit you not. Jared: So that's your proof? The same story my mom's told everyone. If I'm makin' this up, how could I possibly know about that? (ominous music) This is where you were born, son. (ominous music) ♪ (swelling ominous music) ♪ chirping) Hey. Naw, I've been going hard lately, I'm trying to level out. Okay. But tonight I need this. Thanks. So how's the new foster fam going? They're nice enough, but we're worlds apart. I feel that wherever I go. You said this was your third home this year, how come? Can I trust you? After you tell me are you gonna dismember me and leave me in the trash for rats to eat? Maybe. I'm looking for my birth parents. You know who they are? Sarah: No, that's why I keep moving from town to town. And they just let you do that? Sarah: No, but it's easy. When it's time to move on I just act out, steal a car, get in a fight, call in a bomb scare. Seriously? Sarah: Then child services ships me off to the next home in a new town, and I start my search for my mom and dad all over again. Devious. (gentle music) ♪ You see that? What? I-I gotta go. (slow emo music) 10 bucks, straight in. (slow emo music) (door creaks open and slams shut) (slow emo music) ♪ Your face is long ♪ from what I can see ♪ The dark horse rises ♪ On a sea of white ♪ We're diving in to a paradise ♪ We're diving in (pool cue slams) The hell you don't. Easy. Who's this guy? Maggie: Nobody. I warned you once to fuck off! Do not test me. Does Jared know who you really are? Jared doesn't need to know shit. I could tell him for you if you want. I mean, if you're afraid to. Richie: Hey, uh- Wait, wait, wait. -(chuckling) Oh. I'll see you in hell. Think of the fun we'll have. Who the fuck is this guy? Nobody. (slow emo music) ♪ (both moaning) Not so hard! (slow emo music) ♪ (eerie ominous music) (woman chuckling) Georgina. Long time. Aren't you a sight, Weeg'it? It's Wade now. Edna: Wade. Sounds like an animal cry. (eerie ominous music) Edna, is that you? Like the new look? And Albert. New skins, what gives? It's easier to get by when you pass. Wade: Not for too much longer, I'd say. Georgina: So, you finally crawled out from under a rock? Why? I needed a change of scenery. (Georgina laughs) Wade: I'm surprised to see you out and about, especially in your condition. Risky, don't you think? Georgina: You know me. Someone drops a feather and I hear it. Who's the boy? My buddy's kid. Hm. Georgina: We've been waiting a long time. I won't let you worm your way out this time, Weeg'it. When the time comes I'll do what's right. (eerie ominous music) ♪ But who knows when that'll be, right? (speaks in Haisla) (soft upbeat evocative music) ♪ (Jared gasps) (soft upbeat evocative music) ♪ There's a calm in the evening ♪ Don't ever leave me. ♪ A stillness in the air ♪ There's a red moon in the distance, ♪ the sunshine of despair. ♪ I can see that you are forlorn. ♪ Not where the seeds were born. ♪ I watched their first to ♪ Conjure up last night. ♪ Your need against the storm. ♪ (sombre haunting music) ♪ Jared: Hey. (knocking) Phil: Hey son, you're up early. Hey Dad. Is, uh, is Wade here? No, I haven't seen him since last night. I, I guess he got lucky, the dog. Yeah, I was just gonna ask if, uh, could go on another run on his motorcycle. Cool, was it? Well it was no big deal. I'm glad you stopped by. I was gonna give you a call. Well I'm tapped on money at the moment so I can't- It's not about that. The old man's got a surprise for ya. Remember I told you I might be getting an increase in my disability cheques? Well that fell through. But my social worker came through with something else. This baby is all yours. Jared: Wow. And you can make it your own, you know, Rez your ride. You could get a custom paint job with some flames along the side, you know, make it look real skookum. Don't you need it though for your back? Nah, but don't tell my social worker. I got a baby coming but you're my firstborn. I don't want you feelin' left out. Thanks, Dad. Anything for my boy. You know, you're gonna be a great dad to the baby. (upbeat mystical music) ♪ ♪ ♪ Hey, uh, Tony? Don't ever go into the restaurant business whatever you do. Jared: Hey is that, uh, delivery job still available? Didn't you hear what I just said? Jared: Well I've got a vehicle now. All right. Don't say I didn't warn ya. (soft upbeat mystical music) ♪ ♪ I see you. Ah, shit. Hey. Sarah: Nice wheels. You, uh, didn't realize I was disabled when you met me? I think the preferred term is differently abled. Jared: Well, I seem to be pretty differently abled around you. And I just thought you were a virgin. No. Hey, I'm sorry about last night. I was really stoned, kinda freaked out. Already forgotten. So, uh, what are you advertising for? Sarah: I'm not selling anything. I'm raising awareness. Anti-pipeline protest. The federal government is trying to force a pipeline through unceded lands. I don't know if that's gonna fly here. A lot of the people are relying on the new gas terminal for jobs. Sarah: So, you're pro-pipeline? Jared: No, it's just an observation. You want some help? No. (whistle trills) (crowd cheering) TV Commentator: Well the Lions put up a fight but this Roughrider defence was too stuck tonight. Mom! TV Commentator: A good night on the ground. David Roosevelt- - Where's my mom? TV Commentator: A prime target for- (crowd cheering) What's up, loser? Where is she? Richie: I don't know! You tell me. I haven't seen her since she took off this morning with my shotgun. (crowd cheering) She's probably on a bender. She does that sometimes. Richie: Oh great, well she could've invited me. (phone chimes) (suspenseful dramatic music) ♪ (Maggie speaking incantations in Heiltsuk) (Maggie speaking incantations in Heiltsuk) (Maggie speaking incantations in Heiltsuk) (suspenseful dramatic music) (Maggie speaking incantations in Heiltsuk) (suspenseful dramatic music) (stick snaps) (loud cracking) (motorcycle revving) (suspenseful dramatic music) OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 