Trickster: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Trickster 
 s1e3 - Episode #1.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Trickster (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Episode #1.3 - full transcript 
 With Maggie missing, Jared is on his own to battle with Richie at home while trying to sort out the truth about Wade - only to be confronted by a dangerous new arrival, Georgina. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Jared: Arson and insurance fraud to settle a drug debt? Maggie: We're splitting it 50/50. Richie is staying with us for a while. Sarah: It's my third foster home this year, Figure I'll be on to the next by thanksgiving. I gotta go. This is my buddy, wade. Funny, but you got my eyes. Came to see my son. I killed you. I won't let you worm your way out this time, weeg'it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (water spritzing) You stay the fuck away from me and jared, Or I'll kill you for good. (maggie chanting in heiltsuk) (wood cracking) (tires squealing) (suspenseful dramatic music) (mysterious music) ♪ ♪ (growling) (heavy breathing) (glass breaking) (clattering) (suspenseful music) (loud chomping) (suspenseful music) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 (chomping and clattering) (swelling suspenseful music) (growling) (crickets chirping) (ominous music) ♪ ♪ Richie: Whatcha think? That you're overcompensating. Loser. Where's your mom already? I don't know and I don't care. Hey, show some respect. That's your mom you're dissin'. She's probably looking for someone Who doesn't smell like ass. (laughs) I'll tell you what, While your mom is m.I.A, You are gonna fuck off And stay someplace else. Man, that's not even sharp. If you laid a finger on me my mom would end you. Richie: Oh jared, Still needs his mommy to fight his battles for him. Some sweet. (bonk) Ow! (richie laughing) What the hell? You fuck with the bull, you get the horns. (richie laughing) I'm gonna shower. (richie singing) ♪ just a little bit harder ♪ can't we give, whoa, whoa ♪ Oh my god, no. (richie singing) ♪ that it tears me up inside ♪ don't let our love fade away ♪ What an asshole. (suspenseful music) ♪ ♪ (clanging) Forget your combo? Oh, you look like shit. Because I slept like shit. I saw something weird last night. Some hairless animal thing Eating rotten meat out of sarah's trash can. Well, it's either you're hitting the sauce too hard, Or your dream's a metaphor. For what? Think about it. A naked animal gorging through sarah's trash can. Dude, it's clearly about your insatiable lust for sarah. Whatever, man. Yeah it's a serious boner dream for sure, dude. Ah, speakin' of sperm, how's your dad? Phil or wade? Wade-ster, man. Oh, forget about that guy. Why, what happened? Nothing, literally. Like, we were supposed to chill and hang out, But then he just- Just dipped on me last minute. Maggie: 'cause I said so and I know what's what here. (suspenseful music) Maggie: You can chill. (suspenseful music) (raven cawing) Wade, got somethin' for ya. Dammit! (suspenseful music) Yeah I know, okay? I know, I heard you. Shut up. Shut up! Shut the fuck up! Fucker! Goddammit he was here. I know he was. Asshole. Say it to my face! (whistle blowing) Coach: All right kids, step up. Let's go. (tranquil music) ♪ I think you should try, uh, fabric glue. Like you could do any better. Let me show you up. Seriously. Here. (gentle music) Where'd you learn to sew like that? Sewing moccasins. The one useful thing I learned from my mom. Culture vulture, Never would'a guessed. Not sure sewing while drunk constitutes culture. Beats growing up around white people And their tiny spoon collections. Did you see anything weird last night? Well, watching a kid unboxing crickets on youtube, Does that count? No, no, I mean like outside. No. Damn. What are the- What are the homemade circles for? They're protection headbands For the student die-in tomorrow. Oh. (mimicking explosions) To protest fossil fuels, dude. Just because I'm not an activist Doesn't mean I don't care. Do you care? Of course I care, yeah, I care. About what? Be specific. You know, there's just so much to care about it's-it's- Oh my god. (suspenseful dramatic music) ♪ Check out the creeper. Ah, shit. Do you know that guy? Not really, he's just my dad I think. I'll be back in a sec. Wade: Chip off the old block, eh? What's her name? What the hell happened to you? I came to apologize for ditchin' you. Not cool. It's no big deal. I was even gonna teach you how to drive my hog. But not now, 'cause I totaled it. Shit, are you okay? Nothin' a little r&r; won't fix. No, I'm good. You talk to your mom? No, I haven't seen her yet. Why? She ran me off the road. No, no she didn't. I don't think she was tryin' to kill me, More like aggravated assault, Which is more your mom's style. If my mom did that, She probably had a good reason. Or, or a reason. Yeah, it's called passion. After all these years, Your ma and I still got it for each other. Love makes you do stupid things. So don't pull me into your guys' drama. Fair. But I'll sleep better knowin' she's okay, Not spinnin' out. Will ya help me find her? She's on a bender. When she runs outta money she'll- She'll come back, she always does. I gotta get to class. Shit. (suspenseful dramatic music) ♪ (bird cawing) (suspenseful dramatic music) ♪ (birds chirping) (gun cocks) (maggie gasps) (tense music) You gonna shoot, or shit your pants? Hi, mom. Hey. Oh, there's a new character! I've never seen her before, have you seen her before? Huh? I'm sorry, man, I'm just a bit sketched out today. I'd be sketched out too If my dad suddenly wanted to be my best buddy. I just don't know what he wants. Insta-family. (phone chiming) Don't go afk. Go back. And there he is. (phone chiming) I killed you. (eerie ominous music) ♪ ♪ We're not gonna last much longer. If the boy is true, We'll find him before weeg'it. (rain pattering) What the hell? What the hell, man? What are you doing? Yeah, you're out until your mom gets home, got it? You were serious, man? Look at this pretty face, I'm always serious. You can pass along the message to that wade-asshole too. He better leave your mom alone. They better not be fucking. Naw, don't worry about him. He's lucky I'm on parole, I would'a cut him. Hey man, where am I supposed to go? Richie: I don't know and I don't fuckin' care. Geez. (dramatic suspenseful music) ♪ Got anything to drink? Sophia: Some labrador tea over here. Anything stronger? There's dish soap under the sink. Ha ha. Got a bottle in my truck. Sophia: Where it stays. There's tobacco and papers in the can over here. (maggie sniffs) (exhales) this tobacco's as old as you. Sophia: How's jared? You mean the grandson you haven't seen in 10 years? Normal, pain-in-the-ass teenager. How normal? Don't start. You're lookin' good for your age. No more three-day parties or what? Wish I could say the same for you, On both accounts. I didn't bushwhack my way here to get grief from you. Sophia: Yeah. So why have you come then? Do I need a reason? I'm sober, maggie, I'm not stupid. You want and you take, You never give. Got something for you right here. Jared, last delivery of the evening. You can drop it off on your way home. Yeah, sure. Hey, great hustle today. But, uh, watch your back. Me and the rest of these yahoos here look like idiots. Thanks. (suspenseful dramatic music) Ah. (suspenseful dramatic music) ♪ ♪ Wade: Deep fried deliciousness. That's, uh, forty-two fifty, Wade: Why so formal? Because I'm working. Ah, I-I don't have enough change for this. Wade: Keep it. All right. Whoa, where you goin'? Get your ass upstairs and partake with us. No, I'm good. You'll be better with a belly full of beer and thighs. Come on. Okay. Just gotta charge my scooter anyway. (dour dramatic music) ♪ ♪ Who's that girl you're doggin'? No I'm not. Her name's sarah. You have a girlfriend. Can we just-can we just change the subject please? My advice? Just play it cool. Let her come to you. No way. Women like men who are assertive and decisive. Play hard to get. That's how I got destiny. And now look at us, We're gonna be parents. You gotta pretend to like what she does. Take an interest. Ask questions. Phil: Oh. (laughs) Hey, don't listen to this guy. Do you even see a woman on his arm? Where's destiny tonight? She is at her sister's. We, we had a fight. Wade: Whoa. (phil laughing) Wade: For shame. Let's get you to bed, big guy. I love you, man. I love you too, buddy. I love you, son. Yeah, come on, dad. Phil: I don't know what I ever did to deserve you. (phil moaning) Nightcap? No, I'm-I'm wiped. Well have one more. It's my specialty. (ominous music) That's the bitters. You know, phil wasn't always like this. Wade: Oh I know. It's hard for a man not to be able To take care of his family. Jared: Yeah. You're gonna tell him the truth, right? Not my place. So I have to break him the news That he's not really my dad? Wade: Hell no. Your mom tangled the ball, She can unravel it. You know, it- No, it's been 17 years That she's been lying to me and phil. She turn up yet? Nope, not yet. Oh, when maggie gives her, she really gives her. To mom. You need a break. Yeah, that's what this is for. Hey, I'm not one to judge- Jared: Good, then don't. Wade: But you're your own person. Jared, your life belongs to no one but you. Listen, are we having a father and son moment right now? 'cause I'm not really feelin' it. (suspenseful dramatic music) Wade: You okay? Yeah, I'm just- I'm just a little buzzed. Whoa. Wade: Fighting it only makes it worse. I'm right here. (door creaks open and shut) (knocking) Wade: You okay in there? Yeah, I'm good. Wade: Jared, let me in. (stammering) I said I'm good. Wade: Jared, unlock the door. Jared! Jared. (door handle rattling) (ominous eerie music) (jared gasps) (swelling ominous music) (Y sainte-marie) ♪ and my belly is cravin' ♪ I got a shakin' in my head ♪ feel like I'm dyin' ♪ and I wish I was dead ♪ if I lived 'til tomorrow ♪ that'll be a long time ♪ but I'll reel and I'll fall and I rise on cod'ine ♪ Mornin'. ♪ And it's real one more time ♪ Guess you didn't need that last one after all. ♪ Well when I was a young girl ♪ I learned not to care Sit. ♪ About whiskey and from it ♪ I often did swear Silver dollar pancakes. ♪ My mother and father How'd you know these are my favourite? Wade: Phil mentioned it. I remember being your age. Shit sure was different back then. What, you had to walk five miles to school every day? Yeah, blindfolded. My dad wasn't around either. He died. When I was about your age. Oh, shit. I'm sorry. Long time ago. But I think what happened to you is way worse. Wait, what do you mean? At least I got to know my dad. You never got to know yours. No. I'm gonna be late for school. I gotta get going. (ignition clicking) (suspenseful music) ♪ ♪ (phone chiming) Yeah, I'd like to report a crime. Arson. What's with those? Sophia: Survey stakes. They wanna put a fuckin' pipeline right through my land. Soon as they put 'em in I pull 'em out and burn 'em. That won't stop the pipeline. No, it won't. Just my subtle way of lettin' 'em know that I ain't gonna make it easy for 'em. Jared's biological dad is back. Phil's not his dad? Maggie. Does jared know? His name's wade. He's a bastard. What is it? I killed him. Twice. He keeps coming back. He's got magic. Maggie: Well he's back from the dead. (ominous music) He's definitely not one of us then. No, he's something else entirely. (fire whooshing) Sarah: So you're jared's real dad. He told you? And you must be sarah. I guess he told you too. You know what's going on here? I don't think jared and his mom's boyfriend Are gettin' along. Well he didn't tell me anything about that. Maybe if you weren't such a stranger. Direct, appreciate that. (ominous music) ♪ Georgina: Where you headed, my dear? Uh, school. Would you like a ride? My name's georgina. Sure, thanks. (country music) (ominous music) ♪ I saw you once before. Yeah. I remember now, You were on the motorcycle with wade. Hey, you know wade? Wade and I go way back. So what kind of parent abandons their own kid? Sarah: Serious question. I'm not trying to guilt you. Long story, No short answer. Why'd you come back? Make up for lost time. But I'm kinda new to this father thing. And I guess it's not going so well. (wade sighs) I don't know. I don't know if I should ease off. (ominous music) You've got a heavy foot. Georgina: It's the only way to feel young at my age. (motor revving) Georgina: Woo! How do you know wade again? Uh, he's my dad's friend. Is that what he told you, jared? (suspenseful ominous music) Wait, how do you know my name? (skin squishing) Whoa, stop the car! You see me? (pulsing suspenseful music) (car horn honking) (pulsing suspenseful music) Georgina: Jared! (pulsing suspenseful music) Sophia: So how do we know wade's a threat? Intuition. You mean the voices. What are they sayin'? You really wanna know? Sophia: Yeah. He must die. Kill him. We don't know where those voices are comin' from. They've been with me ever since I can remember. Wish you would've told me that sooner. Oh yeah? When you were passed out on the kitchen floor? Or when you were livin' on the streets in banff? Or when you were doin' two years in fraser valley? I've got a lot to make up for. (eerie ominous music) ♪ You can start by helping me get rid of wade. (eerie ominous music) ♪ Well if I do help, We gotta start by finding out what it is we're dealing with. (suspenseful dramatic music) (loud crunching) 10 minutes then pencils down. What's up with you? Nothing. Hey man, stress and pressure can make you see shit, right? I guess. I'm good. I've been worried about my mom. Or I think I have. You know, it could be wade. Could be wade or richie. Dude, you're not making any sense. Well stress is a trigger, right? That's how people lose it? (alarms chiming) (class sighing) Hey, what's happening? Protest walkout. C'mon, let's get some air. (chanting) (drums beating) ♪ protect our earth ♪ water is life ♪ protect our earth ♪ water is life ♪ protect our earth ♪ water is life ♪ protect our earth ♪ water is life ♪ protect our earth ♪ water is life ♪ protect our earth ♪ water is life Jared: I gotta get outta here. Dude, breathe, seriously you're good. Wade: Hey jared. Headband? Wait, what are you doing here? I figured it was a good day to die. What, did you invite him? I was just tryin' to help. Well maybe you can help by just minding your own business. You know what, Come find me when you get over yourself. ♪ Protect our earth ♪ water is life ♪ protect our earth ♪ water is life I can see why you two like each other. Sarah: On my cue- - Why are you here? Sarah: We are going to die. I got all your stuff. That richie threw out? It's in my truck. Come stay with me for a while. Sarah: Die! Yeah, no thanks. (indigenous singing and drumming) ♪ (ominous music echoing) Shit. (eerie ominous music) That was whack, eh? When everybody pretended to die and shit? Are you gonna be this granola on me when you go to bed? Jared: No, no way. (eerie ominous music) Whoa, wait, that's her. Who? That's somebody's auntie. What are you talking about? (suspenseful music) (uptempo suspenseful music) Hey, what do you want? Georgina: You saw me, That can only mean one thing. You're wade's son. Yeah well, so what? (uptempo suspenseful music) so that's everything. (georgina huffs) (raven cawing) (glass shattering) (raven cawing) (georgina groaning) (georgina huffs) (wade screaming) Fuck! (uptempo suspenseful music) Wade: Jared. Jared. Are you okay? Jared, hear me out. (eerie ominous music) (georgina huffing) (Trumming) Richie: Hey. (coughs) You're not welcome here. Did you get the memo? Hey! (soft guitar strumming) Richie: Oh yeah, help yourself to richie's beer. All right. (richie chuckles) Richie: Why? What's goin' on? Hey! What are you doin'? What's-what's goin' on? What's this all about? Spit it out. Have you ever seen fucked up shit? You know like, Shit that's not supposed to be real? But-but it is? You messin' with me? You okay? (sighing) I mean- (car doors shutting) You can stay here for tonight if you need to, you know. It's fine. (loud knocking) (loud knocking) officer: Richard dilkey? (loud knocking) Richie: It's the fucking pigs, what did you do? Officer: Richard dilkey? Richie: What did you do? (richie groaning) Richard dilkey, you're under arrest. Richie: For what? Arson. Richie: You snitch. (richie growling) Officer: We've got a biter. (richie growls) Big guy, you're done. You're done! Sarah: Hey. So fucking done. - What happened? Nothing. (sirens wail) (ominous music) ♪ ♪ (suspenseful music) ♪ ♪ (eerie fluttering) (swelling ominous music) Whatcha reading, mom? Sophia: Huh? What are you reading? My notes. Spent the last 10 years talkin' to elders, Hearin' their stories 'til they passed And took their knowledge with them. Hm. You should look at this. What's it got to do with me? I know what wade is. (eerie fluttering) Geez. Sorry. (eerie ominous music) Had a feeling you were here. Literally. What are you? Wade: I was gonna tell you when the time was right. A trickster. Bullshit. Like from the old stories? Yeah, pretty much. You're the one that's been fucking with me This whole time. Wade: I was getting to know you, In my own way. Does my mom know? Maggie's got her own closet of skeletons. Please don't tell me she's a trickster too. Wade: Of course not. She's your mom. And she's also a witch. (eerie ominous music) A trickster? Are you sure? Sure as rain. Wade. A goddamn shapeshifter. (sophia chuckles) What's he want then? Guess you better find out. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 