Trial by Media: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Trial by Media 
 s1e3 - 41 Shots - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Trial by Media (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - 41 Shots - full transcript 
 After four white NYPD officers shoot the unarmed Amadou Diallo 41 times, defense lawyers press for a change of venue as racial tensions escalate. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I used to tell people when I speak about my child, I always say we grew up together because I had him when I was a child myself. And I had this child at the age of 16. Amadou. My firstborn. And then he told me, "I want to go to the US because I want to have a computer degree." When I applied for him, I took the passport out, and I said, "Look," and he was, like, big smile. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He said, "Wow! So I'm going to America." I said, "Yes, you got the visa." And he said, "Okay, Mom. Thank you so much." I'll make you proud." America, it was a hope to my son. He was on his way of achieving greatness. Tonight, a man who was not armed is dead. As autopsy results provide a tale of devastating police force. The accused are four police officers, all of them white, and the victim was a black man who, it turns out, had no weapon and committed no crime. The incident in New York City has heightened racial tensions and led to weeks of protest. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This was not a police murder. This was a police slaughter. A grieving mother determined that her son would not be reduced to four simple words: African immigrant street vendor. Before Amadou came to the US from Guinea, we view America differently. In the news, you don't see the reality. Racial tensions appear to be on the rise in New York City, in part because of politics, and in part because of murder. In New York City in the 1990s, crime was a major societal issue. But it would also be an important part of the politics of the city. Voters across the country are casting their ballots today for governors, mayors, and a range of issues. In New York City, polls have indicated the race for mayor is neck and neck with incumbent David Dinkins in a dead heat with Republican challenger Rudy Giuliani. Mayor Dinkins was New York City's first black mayor. While he was in office, crime is going down. Murders are going down. Assaults are going down. He was a hero in some circles. Dinkins! Dinkins! Dinkins! But he was also vilified by many. New York City Mayor David Dinkins' plan to create a civilian review board as a watchdog over the police department has city cops in an uproar. The job of the police is a difficult one. We had a huge population at over eight million people. Rudy and I are different people, different attitudes. I liked my way better. An old-fashioned Democrat trying to hang on to power against a crime-busting Republican. Rudy Giuliani had a fundamentally different response to law enforcement. It was a very aggressive approach. In the nation's biggest city, a Republican challenger has won a narrow victory in a rematch with New York's first African-American mayor. His intent was to reduce crime in a way that the city had never seen before. Forty thousand officers stationed according to where the most crime occurs. Now with Giuliani as mayor, policemen, they're in charge. They're emboldened. Giuliani said crime was down, but the question always was, "At what cost?" We begin this morning in the Bronx, and there are tough questions for New York City police. Officers shoot and kill an unarmed man, and they took 41 bullets to do it. Forty-one gunshots at an unarmed West African immigrant. Police had shot 41 times. It was a hail of police gunfire, dozens of shots. Forty-one bullets at an unarmed man. - Forty-one bullets. - Forty-one shots. Forty-one rounds struck him over and over again. I had gone in to the office on a regular shift. My boss at the time was having a conversation with other editors around him. And, you know, they were just discussing this thing happened in the Bronx yesterday. There were all these bullets. This person is dead. The editor looked at me and said, "Frankie, go. Here's the address. Go to the Bronx." People were milling around. People were in tears. People could not make sense of anything. Whatever it was that had happened the night before was just chaos and deadly. Everything we got from the NYPD at that time was: He had come home from work... and was standing on the vestibule when these men approached in their unmarked car. He reached into his pocket to bring out a wallet. One or two of them thought it was a gun... and opened fire. Twenty-two-year-old Diallo, an immigrant street peddler from Guinea, West Africa, was killed in the vestibule of his apartment building, gunned down in a storm of 41 bullets. With police bullets coming from the street and possibly a locked door behind him, it seems Diallo had nowhere to go. He was trapped. All people could think about was... the NYPD shot someone 41 times. The media didn't have any other concern in discussing who he was. They would say, "He was a street peddler." He lived in a poor neighborhood." He was just completely and utterly otherized from the day one. And I thought, "I have to keep staying on this story and try and figure out who was this guy." When Amadou went to America, he left behind everything: His family, his culture, his privilege. We had a good life. I asked him, "Do you need anything from me?" He said, "Mom, only your prayers and your blessings." He wanted to make it on his own. I was proud. I received a phone call... from a relative of ours who lived in New York. Immediately, I thought about my son. Thinking that my son was sick, that he could be in the hospital. And then he told me... my son has been killed. It was just too much to process. Then to learn how he was killed, also. Amadou could never have any problem with the police. This is not real. No. In Guinea, everyone surrounded me with love. Giving me food and just protecting me. But I need to get back up. I have to go to America to understand really what happened to Amadou. Let's look at where the investigation stands tonight at what went so wrong on Wheeler Avenue. Why did four officers fire so many shots? The four officers involved are Richard Murphy, Sean Carroll, Kenneth Boss, and Edward McMellon. Twenty-three years collectively on the job, 41 shots among them combined yesterday on Wheeler Avenue. All you heard about was 41 shots. Forty-one shots. Forty-one shots, 24/7. It was all Diallo all the time. You hear about the 41 shots, and I suppose... the first thing you think about is that these are trigger-happy cops, depraved killers. But there's two sides to the coin. The other side of the 41 shots is... these were scared cops. The African immigrant was shot 41 times by four plainclothes officers from the elite Street Crime Unit. The Street Crime Unit was sort of the perfect illustration of the Giuliani philosophy in action. They were plainclothes. They were in an unmarked car, so no one would know that they were police officers until they stopped you. And you knew that if you were a black or brown person, they could do or say anything in the name of protecting you. Minority residents complained the police engage in a systematic policy of harassment against young black males, and they take particular aim at the NYPD's Street Crime Unit. As a reporter, I was most interested in why the police approached Diallo in the first place. If you're the police patrolling these neighborhoods, what are you looking for? What are you prepared for? I think, ultimately, it goes back to their training. They would create situations with all kinds of threats. They're not training for the possibility of innocence. The officers who were involved in this incident, four police officers, were part of a very special street crime unit. All four of them have been taken off of street patrol and placed on desk duty. One, Sean Carroll, has been calling in sick. When they realized they could be held criminally responsible, each officer retained representation. I eventually became Sean Carroll's defense lawyer on the case. He was the one that saw what he thought was a gun. He was the one that fired the first shots, uh, and I think he felt he was more vulnerable, and he just didn't wanna be, uh, thrown under the bus. We did some background on Mr. Diallo. We had some theories as to why he was peeking in and out of the vestibule, which aroused the officers' suspicion. They happened to be in a high-crime minority neighborhood, and they happened to believe that somebody was confronting them with a gun, and he happened to be... black. New York is a racially-segregated city in desperate trouble. It is a city where you can be killed for taking a wrong turn because of racial violence. The Diallo case didn't happen in a vacuum. Under Rudy Giuliani, there were a series of cases involving use of excessive force by the police. Abner Louima nearly died two years ago at the hands of New York City cops. He was taken to this police precinct where he was savagely beaten by cops in the men's room. Anthony Baez was killed by a cop who put him in a choke hold after Baez's football hit a patrol car. In the Diallo case, you had what appeared to be an egregious violation of the rights of a young African. And who was gonna speak for him and his family and his community? I think everybody has to organize whatever space they're in and raise a spotlight in the fight for justice. To many black New Yorkers, he's been their mouth for social change, for justice. The issue of race is an issue that we are forced to deal with. It is not our option. Never far from lights, cameras, action. - No justice! - No peace! But he insists that his flamboyant behavior is necessary if he is to get attention for what he's after. The media becomes the way to force those that are reluctant to deal with an issue that they're gonna have to deal with it. - When do we want it? - Now! - When do we want it? - Now! I was called by a young activist in the Bronx who was from Guinea, and he said, "Reverend, the police shot a guy multiple times", and we want you to come up to Wheeler Avenue." I said, "All right," and called for a vigil. Twenty-two-year-old Ahmed Diallo was killed when 41 bullets were fired at him last Wednesday. This afternoon, about 1,000 people gathered for a vigil in front of the Bronx apartment building where he died. The city had dealt with these encounters with police, but Ahmed Diallo was the wake-up call that said, "No, they will not only beat you, they will kill you." And the more that had started coming out, no gun, no drugs, only took out his keys going into his apartment. So now we're building up this rage. This is the second protest in three days in New York City, organized outrage over the police killing of West African immigrant Amadou Diallo. - No more! No more! - No more! No more! No more! No more! No more! No more! We want criminals prosecuted, whether they wear blue jeans or blue uniforms. - What do we want? - Justice! - When do we want it? - Now! - When do we want it? - Now! - When do we want it? - Now! When do we want it? Reality didn't sink in until I crossed the ocean to come for my child. Before landing, I saw police car flashing. I'm thinking, "Okay, what is going on here?" I was welcomed by the police, escorting me and telling me that they'll take care of me. I told them that I needed first to go to the scene where my son lived and died. They were reluctant, but then I just said, "No. This is it. I have to go there." Amadou! My Amadou! Amadou! Amadou! Amadou! Amadou! Amadou! Amadou! Amadou! Amadou! I went into Amadou's room. And I just wanted to feel him. So, I picked his clothes, and I smelled it for the first time, after two and a half years. I could not believe it. As they were taking me to the hotel, I saw the news flash when we were passing by, and I said, "Who is that?" This is the worst form of police brutality that I've ever seen or heard of. They said, "This is the Reverend Sharpton. He's doing a rally for your son." And I said, "I have to see him. I want to meet him." I said, "She's with the cops and Giuliani." They've got her a big suite overlooking Central Park on 5th Avenue. "They're gonna use her against us." I was coming in from the outside. Everything was happening quickly. At the same time, I wanted to understand. She says, "I don't understand what's going on in this city." I explained to her the history of these encounters with police and race, that we were not troublemakers. It is the politics of it and the policies that resulted in the death of Amadou. After about 45 minutes or so of her asking very insightful questions, she says, "I will not stay here under the sponsorship of the city." I will go where you... You take care of where I go, "and we will get justice for my son." I will never, ever forget that day. Earlier today, the Reverend Sharpton said the African-American community will pay for whatever the parents need, not the city. We thank the city, but no. The people will take care of her. A man who was not armed is dead. Prosecutors want to get to the bottom of this case. The Bronx district attorney is convening a grand jury, and the US attorney may get involved. As the senior executive assistant DA in the Bronx DA's office, we had to have proper investigations. And that means going to a grand jury. The Bronx district attorney is investigating reports from neighborhood residents. It is expected a grand jury will start to hear evidence later this week. Grand jury testimony is secret, and it sort of takes a while. You know, they hear a lot of evidence... and there was this sort of mysterious silence from the officers themselves, right, who didn't talk, who didn't testify to the grand jury. So it sort of fed this sense about whether they're gonna be indicted. The source in the district attorney's office says it's likely to be weeks at least before there's a decision on possible criminal charges against those officers. This is a very specific, extremely weighty matter. And whatever the facts are is what should ultimately decide what happens. We've had terrible mistakes in this city, when people have reacted to rumors and intuitions and feelings. Let's let the process take its course, and then let's react to facts. Ms. Diallo, are you gonna react to the mayor today? Please excuse us. Please excuse us. When I came to the US, there are so many things that I had to confront... to understand the reality of how things are. This mother went to East Harlem to see the body of their son, and despite the crushing emotions, then went on to see the site where he was slaughtered. The first night at the National Action Network, that was the first night I spoke out in public in my life. The mother of our brother Ahmed Diallo. I just speak from my heart. Thank you very much, brothers and sisters. You have given me the courage to speak, because it's not easy for me to stand and speak today. I know I have to speak for him, because there's no way I'm gonna let this happen and just keep quiet. Because of him, we're going to fight together to save all our children. If she had stayed in the sponsorship of the mayor, then we would've all just been marginalized as troublemakers. There would have been no discussion. It's nothing to do with systemic bias, nothing to do with bad policing. It's just an accident. Things happen. By her taking that stand, they could not run that narrative. Not every black man on the street can be a suspect. Bless us together and lead us to justice for this child. On our streets! - On whose streets? - On our streets! I just remember thinking, "Madame Diallo wants results." She wanted justice. She wanted to understand what happened, and she wanted to see those four police officers have some kind of reckoning, some kind of responsibility for the death of her son. Sharpton and community activists at the National Action Headquarters in Harlem called for civil disobedience in the form of daily sit-ins. - How many shots? - Forty-one! - On whose street? - On our street! On Tuesday, hundreds of protesters gathered outside a courthouse in the Bronx where a grand jury has just started hearing testimony about the death of Amadou Diallo. I'm upset for every mother that's crying for their loved one that's gone due to police brutality. Giuliani called for protesters to be patient and let investigators do their job. We will come to defend Amadou and demand justice. We are here for this, and we will come back again until justice is done. This is why I'm speaking. Something gotta change. In the middle of all of the things that were going on, the protests, the battles with Sharpton and the mayor's office, his family had to go home to put him to rest. My bosses were kind enough to say, you know, "You should go to Guinea. You should go and tell us about this young man." I remember being at the Gbessia International Airport in Conakry when the flight was coming in, and Madame Diallo and Al Sharpton landed, and there were hundreds of people at the airport. And then somebody spots the coffin. And all hell breaks loose. Everyone, it seemed as if the whole country was just weeping. For them, people who go to America usually come back successful. Amadou wanted to go to school, graduate, become something, and go home. And he had come home. But he had come home in this box, in this coffin. That was just tragic. It was hard. But I got through it. With prayers. Even if I cried behind the scene, when I come out, I always held my head high. To let the world know who my child was, that was my determination. I rode out to the actual burial site. And we buried Amadou. She sat there... with all the dignity and bearing, and when it was over, I told her, "We're gonna go back and get these cops indicted. I promise you that." She says, "All right." She said, "Keep it peaceful, Reverend." But you do what is necessary." - Morning, Reverend. - Morning. I came back from Guinea... and we had to continue. We had to really put the pressure on Giuliani and them. One Police Plaza, New York, will become a national symbol of this government not dealing with police abuse and police brutality. - How many shots? - Forty-one! - How many shots? - Forty-one! - Forty-one! - Shots! It's a shame! We are ready for the long haul! No matter how long it takes! No matter how rocky the road! No matter how hot the sun or cold the night, we're gonna fight until I can go back to that village and stand by Amadou's grave and say, "We fought till we got justice!" No justice, no peace! No justice, no peace! No justice, no peace! In acts of civil disobedience, nearly 180 demonstrators have been arrested for trespassing and disorderly conduct. For Mayor Giuliani, this case has become a political thorn in his back that will not go away. I was outraged, as many were at the time. It was important for me, personally, to demonstrate my objection. Former mayor David Dinkins, a prominent New Yorker, joined the demonstrators and was arrested. You've gotta come up with ways to become part of the news cycle if you wanna help move the dial. Four New York City policemen will be indicted in the shooting death of an unarmed African immigrant. Today, the individual police officers involved were charged with murder and could get life in prison if convicted. The four police officers... were charged with murder and reckless endangerment. This case was going to trial. With their arraignments, the four officers have now been temporarily suspended by the New York City Police Department. After the indictment of the officers, for the first time, I had hope... that my child's death will serve... to change the situation. Amadou! Amadou! - Amadou! - Amadou! Amadou! This is the beginning of a very, very complexand important process that has to be done right IN FAIRNESS TO EVERYONE: The family, all of the citizens of the city, and the police officers, who are entitled to a fair trial. A charge of murder, uh, against four police officers, I thought was extreme. I did nothing wrong, and this trial will show that I did nothing wrong, and I'm looking forward to it. I'd like to thank the officers of New York City for their undaunted support. And the members of Street Crime Unit, stand your heads proud. By the time the protests were finished, the citizens of Bronx County were inclined to convict these guys. We just don't want a police state. We want to feel safe. We want to feel safe from the police. We need to continue on until the walls come crumbling down and there's some reform in the police department here in the city. Beyond that, there was a circus-like atmosphere with the media. You had a cover of The New Yorker. One editorial began with the word "bang" 41 times. It was all... very, very negative publicity from the point of view of the cops. So we decided that a motion needed to be made for a change of venue. Attorneys for the officers argue that jurors in the Bronx tend to harbor prejudice against cops and that excessive publicity surrounding the case would taint a jury pool. The change of venue was controversial. Many people thought that this would be like the Rodney King case in Los Angeles. The videotape has been seen the world over, over and over again. The beating of Rodney King by Los Angeles police officers. Defense attorneys claiming they couldn't get a fair trial in Los Angeles got the case moved to more conservative neighboring Ventura County. The change of venue meant an entirely different jury pool, and that's why people believed the jury reached the verdict that it did. The four police officers who were videotaped repeatedly beating an unarmed man were found not guilty. There was a lot of concern when this trial was moved from Los Angeles out here to Ventura County, a much more conservative, predominantly white county, and a lot of people are gonna be saying that's what went wrong with this case. How can the defense say that a murder committed here can't be judged fairly by the people who live here? There is a clear racial message. Yes, sir. We call on the federal government to intervene - on behalf of the citizens of the Bronx. - Yes, sir. So they will not be allowed to do this to Amadou Diallo. I thought that we had put on a pretty strong case, but the other lawyers didn't think we had a snowball's chance in hell of getting a change of venue. I have... I have a present for you, if you like. This is the opinion of the appellate division... on the change of venue motion. I'm sure you'll be... interested to see what it had to say. Do you wanna read the first paragraph? I would be happy to. "A pretrial change of venue" for purposes of protecting the right to a fair trial is an extraordinary remedy... reserved for the rarest of cases. The case of the four police officers accused of murdering Amadou Diallo... "is that rare case." Now, this trial is being held not in New York City, but Albany. Uh, that's about 140 miles away from where the shooting took place. I don't see how Albany's a comparable county. You go from the Bronx, has a 19 percent white population, Albany has an 89 percent white population. This decision is an insult to the intelligence of the people of the Bronx and the city of New York. Amadou Diallo's mother and father, visiting from Africa, are outraged the officers accused of killing their son will be tried in Albany instead of in the Bronx. When I saw in the news, I could not believe it. It was like a slap on the face. It's like moving the trial to a different world. Welcome back to Court TV. I'm June Grasso. And I'm Nancy Grace. This morning, we are bringing you continued live coverage of the Amadou Diallo shooting trial from Albany, New York. The defendants are all charged with second-degree murder for Diallo's death. If convicted, they face 25 years to life in prison. The Diallo case will be decided by six Caucasian men, two Caucasian women and four African-American women. Just because a person is charged with crimes doesn't mean that they will be proven guilty. The prosecution has to prove a person's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. Prosecutors say four members of NYPD's elite Street Crime Unit murdered Diallo when they shot him down on his own doorstep last February. Knowing that this case was of national importance, we were super-prepared. There's really not a lot in dispute in this case. Our officers shot Amadou Diallo. There's no question about that. There's never been a question about that. Under what circumstances? This was the case of the century at that moment. Yeah, walk up here. Here we go. So, it was no big surprise that the judge would allow cameras in his courtroom. This case is one of the most extraordinary that Court TV has ever shown. It is why we are showing it to you in its most complete coverage. All right. You want to take your seats, please? The judge is in the courtroom and has started a proceeding, so we're gonna take you live to that Albany courtroom. Judge Teresi on the bench. - Good morning. - Good morning. The People can go ahead and make their opening statement. "In the 1990s, in Bronx County", in Albany County, or anywhere else, a human being should have been able to stand in the vestibule of his own home... "and not be shot to death." Especially when those doing the shooting are police officers sworn to protect innocent people. "I have to confess that I'm a little nervous." It's not the cameras. The cameras are here today and gone tomorrow. "It's the 12 jurors are really the only audience that matters." And you have my client Sean Carroll's fate in your hands. "When these four defendants" killed Amadou Diallo in a hail of 41 bullets "in the early morning hours of February 4th, 1999..." Amadou was just 22 years old. "What they are trying to do, the prosecution, is take a tragic accident..." and make it a murder. "To make it a murder." They made the conscious decision to shoot him. They made the conscious decision... "to sh..." shoot a man standing in the confined space of a vestibule... "that was not much bigger than an elevator." These four defendants intended to kill him... and therefore are guilty of murder. From the moment that we knew there was gonna be a trial, everyone knew that the trial was gonna come down to one thing: 41 shots. How in the world could 41 shots have been fired in such a brief period of time? The prosecution will attempt to prove that the officers intended to kill Amadou Diallo and should be found guilty of second-degree murder. When testimony begins in the trial tomorrow, attention will finally shift from a year of emotional street demonstrations and celebrity protest arrests to the actual facts of the case. In a case like Diallo, which is so emotionally charged, the public might feel outraged. They were hunting that evening, and the prey, unfortunately, was Amadou Diallo. But it's not a court of public opinion. It's a court of law. And this morning, a panel in Albany, New York began to hear evidence in the Amadou Diallo shooting trial. As the prosecution, I could get up there, marshal the evidence, and present my arguments to the best of my ability. - So help you God? - I do. Would you please take the stand? What happened when you returned to the window? - What did you see? - I returned to the window, and I saw four guys. They were walking towards 1157. Did you hear anybody yell, and this again, right before the shots, "Stop!"? No. I heard a series of shots. As the trial unfolded, what became clear was that... it was a straightforward case by the prosecution. Dr. Cohen, using these front and side drawings, could you please give us a brief overview of the wounds inflicted upon Mr. Diallo? Yes. As I mentioned, Mr. Diallo sustained 19 gunshot wounds... There was no mystery about the cause of death or who shot him. The cause of death is multiple gunshot wounds to the trunk, with perforations of the aorta, spinal cord, lungs, liver, spleen, kidney, and intestine. They were at close range, very close range. They fired numerous times together. They aided each other to create what, in effect, was a wall of lead, and in doing so, Mr. Diallo had nowhere to go. He had a door behind him, he had two walls in front of him, and he had four individuals firing 9 millimeter pistols in front of him. That is a depraved indifference to human life. After the prosecution had tried their case, the larger issue turned out to be, "How was the defense gonna justify 41 shots?" Everyone, let's take a quick break. As you know, the jury is out of the courtroom on their midmorning break. You are not missing any live testimony. As soon as it resumes, we'll take you right back into that Albany courtroom. Stay with us. If it ain't gonna be no justice! It ain't gonna be no peace! If it ain't gonna be no justice! It ain't gonna be no peace! When you get into the court of law, the public sentiment sets the staging so that the jurors and the justices cannot operate out of context of the racial and criminal justice politics of a country. No peace! - No justice! - No peace! It became imperative that we kept pounding that to the media and hopefully to the public. The Reverend Al Sharpton is planning daily demonstrations outside this courthouse. He says he wants to keep the pressure on. And many of the people who are here came from New York City early this morning on buses, and they say they'll be coming back again and again. In the courtroom, you could hear the chanting going on outside. And it was nonstop. - No justice! - No peace! No justice! Between the protesters outside and Court TV inside, it was somewhat daunting. It was kind of a, you know, a crucible. Welcome back to Court TV and our coverage of the Amadou Diallo trial. The defense has to prepare themselves, bring up all their ammunition, so to speak, and not to be, um, joking about it, but... People were watching it on television, coast to coast. I knew we had to put on a strong defense. What do you think the defense can do to argue against that? I think they need to do as much as they can to show the jury that they have remorse and they agonize and can't sleep at night and what it has done to their families. Only way, take the stand. Gotta appeal to human emotions. That's all they have. I'm the only one... For a year and ten days, the four accused officers have been shrouded in silence. Now it was their turn to explain how an unarmed man standing at his own apartment doorway was shot at 41 times by police. I don't think there was any debate about the officers testifying. It was really the only way for people to know what had actually taken place that night. Gonna have a rapid, uh, series of testimony by these police officers, and we'll listen as he takes the oath and begins his direct testimony. I saw Mr. Diallo, uh, appear from a vestibule, um, quickly appear from the vestibule. His right side is digging. He's frantically opening, trying to get through that door. He's looking at us... He was crouched. He was down low, and he had his hand out. I couldn't see his right hand. He was still frantically tugging at something. I'm saying, "Police. Show me your hands." Show me your hands." "Police. Don't move." Brick by brick by brick by brick, we made our explanations of why what had taken place was reasonable. I could see Mr. Diallo begin to turn. He was gripping a black, square object, and I... I thought it was a gun. I seen a gun in his hand. Not a doubt in my mind that he had a gun. "I'm... I'm dead. I'm dead." I heard Sean yell, "He's got a gun!" I fired my weapon. - And I fired. - I fired my gun. And then I fired and jumped out of the way. Then I said, "Oh, my God." I just held him, his hand. I rubbed his face. "Please don't die." Their testimony was compelling. It was hard not to feel their emotion and their sorrow. Long story short, they see someone reach in to their pants, their jacket... They're cops. They assume he's reaching for a gun. "I couldn't tell what was going on," my buddies were firing, I thought he had a gun, and I regret it. "I-I would change it if I could." If that reaches just one juror, hung jury. The defense was very good at leading them to this display of emotion and showing remorse. They were playing to the cameras. They wanted to perform... because they're trying to paint their own picture. That's what they do. If you have all that evidence on the prosecution's side, do you think that can be balanced out by the testimony of four officers who come across as very credible, very sorry, and very sincere? A jury begins deliberations today in the murder trial of four white New York City police officers who shot an unarmed black man to death last year. In closing arguments on Tuesday, prosecutors accused the defendants of making a snap judgment when they saw Amadou Diallo outside his apartment. Those weeks were so hard for me. It was so hard, winter cold, watching, without any control, my son being tried. He's not alive. No one was speaking for him. The prosecution didn't even speak about who he was. And finally, I stood up, and I walked out. They continue to maintain Amadou as suspicious. How can you suspect somebody standing in front of his own door where he lives? One of the supporters ran behind me and called me, said, "Mrs. Diallo, please be strong. You're standing for us, too." "Don't let go. Don't give up." I was called to come back to the courthouse. So, I collected myself. I came back in. It was a Friday, and we learned that the jury had reached a verdict. I got inside, and I sat on the bench between my two brothers, hand in hand. Bring the jury in. I've received your note that you've reached a verdict. - Is that true, Madam Foreperson? - Yes, Your Honor. Sean Carroll was sitting there, nervously. I was also nervous as hell. Would you please stand, and the clerk will address you and take the verdict. With respect to defendant Kenneth Boss, what was your verdict in reference to the charge of murder in the second degree under the first count of the indictment? Not guilty. - Members of the jury... - Quiet, please. With respect to defendant Edward McMellon, what was your verdict in reference to the charge of murder in the second degree under the first count of the indictment? Not guilty. What was your verdict in reference to the charge of reckless endangerment in the first degree under the third count of the indictment? Not guilty. What was your verdict in reference to the charge of reckless endangerment in the first degree under the third count of the indictment? Not guilty. And then, when the verdict came in, of course, a giant exhale. I remember Sean hugging me and Sean hugging the other officers. In a hushed courtroom, a stunning victory for the defense. Hugs and tears as four New York City police officers are acquitted of murdering an unarmed man. All of them were found not guilty. Friday, a racially-mixed jury said the cops were not guilty on all charges, not responsible at all. A verdict that caught some observers by surprise. It was such a gut-punch. A massive, massive, massive disappointment. When they went all the way down to the last count saying, "Not guilty," we were outraged, those of us that were in the courtroom, that they would be that callous and that insensitive. I will never forget those tears on my cheeks. It was like saying to me that my child has caused his own death. In the end, it was not about Amadou. Tonight, a racially-mixed jury outside of New York City acquitted all four officers. This has been an explosive case from the beginning. What happens now? People were worried about riots. Shame! Shame! Shame! Shame! Shame! Shame! The legacy I wanted for Amadou was a legacy of unity and justice for all. Is in the name of Amadou and his spirit that I ask for your calm and prayers... as we go on for the quest of justice, life, equality. I thank you all. The verdict in Albany yesterday stunned people here. People have been bringing signs and flowers and candles and letters, all in memory of Amadou. "This letter says," Dear Mrs. Diallo, I am groaning with pain because I have cried so much tears "since the sad day that they murdered Amadou." At first, the jurors saidthey did not want to speak about the verdict, but last night, in the face of mounting questions, they changed their minds. I understand how they feel. Believe me, I understand, and I have a... a 16-year-old son. So I really understand. But again, I have to take it back to the district attorney's office. They didn't give me anything. The prosecutor just put up a basic case and let the defense do whatever they wanted to do. They never humanized. He became a mistaken particle of police fear, rather than a human being that lost his life and future. They never even put his mother on the stand. That was as despicable as anything. Pure emotion is supposed to be kept out of a trial if it's offered just for its prejudicial effect. Mrs. Diallo's unbelievable grief... In a trial? It isn't relevant. I had to present my best arguments. I did that in a way that was supported by evidence and which I felt were in terms that non-lawyers could understand. That's what I asked of myself. So, uh... So, I... I don't have any... I don't have any regrets. At its core, racism is about fear. Oftentimes, there are people in our city, and in our world, and in our country, who don't see us as fully formed human beings. I don't know how you can prove racism in a court of law. But did we need to prove that to get justice for someone who was standing in his doorway and was shot at 41 times? And so, this justification for fear of the black man in the corner continues today. As a journalist, I want people to remember Amadou... and so many other men who have been cut down in their prime by police bullets. We have to keep telling these stories. What I want the world to know, there was this young man named Amadou... that came to the US to succeed. And never get a chance. I'm here to talk about my son Amadou. Amadou was portrayed by the news as this young man... who was poor, from Africa. He was selling in the street. All I wanted to do was to rewrite that story so people would know who he was. The power of the story is very important. Twenty years later, children are learning about Amadou in schools. Amadou's legacy is going to continue. I will never stop talking. I'll continue to speak. That's my mission. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 