Trial by Media: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Trial by Media 
 s1e6 - Blago! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Trial by Media (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Blago! - full transcript 
 When Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich finds himself facing a corruption trial, he tries to embrace the media and even goes on 'Celebrity Apprentice.' 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He is greeted by enthusiastic groups wherever he goes. He stops to talk with people, to shake hands, to sign autographs, and, at times, gets an earful about the issues. Rod was a natural talent in that he loved to jump on something that would get him on TV. Joining us tonight, Rod Blagojevich. The first member of Congress to alert the public about the napalm recycling plan. Congressman Blagojevich helped negotiate the release of the three US soldiers. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I don't think we're heroes. I just think we're looking after our own. He absolutely embraced the media's attention. He lived off of it. He thrived off of it. That's one of the reasons he never lost an election. I think the press is just a necessary part of the job. But for Rod Blagojevich, dealing with the press really is a double-edged sword. Governor Blagojevich arrested! Twenty-five cents! Governor Rod Blagojevich is accused of trying to sell Barack Obama's Senate seat to the highest bidder. While he may be the nation's least popular governor, he's been the most popular news story. - Political shame. - Appalling. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Like a sports agent shopping the highest bidder. The governor's own words describing the Senate seat, - "I've got this thing." - "Got this thing." "I've got this thing and it's golden." - "...it's effing golden." - "...bleeping golden..." "And I'm not giving it up for bleeping nothing." - "For nothing." - "For nothing." Did you say this? When somebody gets indicted in a marriage, majority of the times, they get divorced. I suppose I could've packed my kids up and said, "Good luck with that. You know, we're gonna go... live in Wisconsin," or something like that. "Call us when it's done." But the thing is, I couldn't let the father of my children and my husband for years fight that battle alone. I know Rod, and I know his heart, and I know his intentions, and I know that he never intended to break any law or commit any crime. Rod was all about trying to make things better for people. When they talk about term limits for Illinois politicians, they don't mean how long they can serve in office. No, they mean the prison term that former governor Otto Kerner served for taking race track stocks in return for favors. Or the year and a half former governor Dan Walker served for bank fraud after he left office. Or the six and a half years former governor George Ryan is now serving for selling off licenses and contracts. Illinois is probably the heavyweight champion of corruption in that sense. We've had five governors that have been indicted in this state. After years of ethics scandals and investigations, there was a man who ran on an anti-corruption platform. Thank you. Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, as a native and lifelong resident of Chicago, I want to welcome all the delegates and visitors to this most American of American cities. So there was a time in Chicago when Rod Blagojevich was seen by the press as being skilled as a politician. And some of my first impressions of him were... Yeah, just that he was really good at it. He had this really outsized, likable personality which was engaging for a lot of people. Here's this guy from the neighborhood come in and, "I'm gonna take down these elites" who've been in power for 26 years, "and we're gonna have a new day in Illinois." And people are like, "That's my guy." Rod Blagojevich's history is very different from those Chicago politicians that a lot of people have heard about. He came from nothing. Five-room apartment, two-flat in Chicago on the Northwest side. His dad was an immigrant from Serbia who worked in factories. His mom worked for the CTA taking tickets. Rod, in high school, went to work on the Alaskan pipeline because that was the only way he could get through college and be there with all of what he would call "the dilettantes." He knew the struggles of regular, solid, blue-collar workers. He really did come from nobody and nowhere. And his only way to push for changes in how things are done was to meet people and to play the political game. I first met Rod at a fundraiser for my father. I had just broken up with a long-term boyfriend, like, on a Wednesday. Rather than feeling sorry for myself, I decided to go to my dad's fundraiser, which was on a Sunday. We were introduced by a mutual friend at that fundraiser. So my husband was literally, like, the rebound. His car was always getting broken into, so we're in the car, and there's no radio, and he was just singing Elvis songs to me. I thought, you know, there might be something there. We ended up dating for a year, and then were engaged for a year, and then got married. At that point, Rod was a young lawyer, but he always was interested in politics. I think when he was in fifth grade, he knew all the presidents backwards and forwards. Hi. Rod Blagojevich. How are you? Nobody really knew who he was back then, beyond he married Patti Mell. He was Alderman Dick Mell's son-in-law. I have a long family history of politics here in Chicago. Dick Mell is the Chicago political machine. Just loud, in your face, opinionated, and just at the center of everything. Dick Mell was an alderman, which is a very powerful person in the Chicago City Council. And he had this political army who helped him win elections and keep power. A couple of years into our marriage, my dad needs a candidate for state representative. Rod had one question. "Am I free to vote the way my conscience urges me to vote?" My dad said, "Yeah, I don't care about that." These were elite politicians who were in control of everything. And there were real consequences to either being a part of the machine or taking on the machine. But Rod recognized that was the only way he could get into politics and get things done. Rod was a guy that was very, very restless. He just wanted to shake things up, change things. But he didn't have any power. He was a state rep, very quickly gets bored, decides he wants to run for Congress. The well-financed Democrat with powerful family ties. Rod, your father-in-law's a very powerful Chicago alderman. You wouldn't be in this race if it weren't for Dick Mell. It's fair to say he's been a big help to me. Rod gets elected to Congress. What's the first thing he starts thinking about? "Maybe I ought to run for governor." We felt like for Rod to be known as more than Dick Mell's son-in-law, you gotta have a million dollars. We said, "Rod, you get that, people will start taking you seriously." He would go anywhere to raise money, and there were no limits back then. So he was raising 25,000, 50,000, 100,000 at a time. One of the most expensive primaries Illinois has seen. Amassing a huge campaign war chest. Had been in third place... Blagojevich already has three million dollars... - moved up to second place. - But more is needed. You'll take PAC money? We've been raising money. We play by the rules. Closing in slowly on first place... He had the most money to spend. And here Rod Blagojevich learned the lesson that raising money equals power. And it changes everything. The next governor of the state of Illinois, Rod Blagojevich! We love you! By all accounts, it was a pretty quick rise to power, ten years from the time he started in politics that he was governor of Illinois. It was crazy 'cause I was only 38 years old when Rod won for governor. I was seven months pregnant with our second child. So it was a very hopeful time in my life. - Governor, may God bless you. - Thank you. I want to make clear that business as usual in Illinois state government is a thing of the past. There were two things that Rod liked. One was winning, and two was champion the big idea. He loved to be part of something innovative. He was a political entrepreneur. He was able to do some expansion of health care for children. He very famously offered elderly people free rides on public transportation. They passed a minimum wage hike. One of the first states to do that. He forced pharmacists to dispense birth control and not allow their veto just because of their political beliefs. He said, "We're gonna tear down all the tolls. We're gonna do this open road tolling," and it cut commute time for everybody. And, of course, he couldn't help himself. His name was on every one of those open roads. "Rod Blagojevich, governor." We were doing the best we could for the people of Illinois. And the press was all very good, you know, at that point. Charismatic populist with a possible White House future. Youngsters clamored for his autograph this morning. It was almost like you were, like, a rock star. The voters have overwhelmingly said they want a second term as governor. You've gotta wonder, what is he thinking of where he'll be going after this term is over? You ain't seen nothing yet. He's got this perfect pathway to the White House. But the problem with Rod Blagojevich, he had overlearned the lesson of how important raising money was, and he was willing to do just about anything to raise money. There was this real dichotomy in Rod Blagojevich as he got more powerful because Dick Mell didn't let Rod Blagojevich forget that he was a bit of a creation of Dick Mell. And Rod Blagojevich wanted to think of himself as Alexander Hamilton who came up, you know, out of absolutely nothing and made something of himself all on his own. Rod Blagojevich wanted to be independent. And the way to independence in politics is through money. Dick Mell was the primary engine of raising money. So there was always this tension. He needed Dick, but he resented Dick at the same time. Somewhere along the line, Rod meets a couple of fundraising people, and they started working for him. Every campaign tries to push the envelope on campaign finance law. These guys had torn up the envelope, and they just didn't care. They were going around seeking campaign contributions in exchange for things that Rod could do as governor, different contracts, different appointments. Blagojevich was steeped in a world in which seeking to make money off of your public position is not weird. I would imagine that types of exchanges didn't seem criminal, even, or weird to him. It seemed like what politicians do. And all of a sudden, Rod starts raising this big money... and said, "I don't need Dick anymore," and Dick gets left behind. From that point on, we were at odds with my father. When you have a situation where family's involved, there's a recipe for the politics being brought into the household. That's not healthy. That's not... something I'd recommend to people. At a family dinner in 2004, Rod's political life starts to unravel. Dick is very, very resentful of Rod. He feels like you dance with the one who brought you to the dance. And Dick's the jilted suitor here. My mom was of course on my dad's side, and I'm of course on my husband's side, and it was very difficult. Right after dinner, Dick says this off-handed statement to a reporter, "They're giving away important committee assignments for $50,000 apiece." Boom, it's big headlines. My father then, of course, recanted. But things were forever gonna be different. It's not just bad press. It gets the FBI's attention. The FBI starts an investigation with credible indication that perhaps a crime has occurred. We were out there pulling together records, and we had picked up clear information that Rod was being very blunt about trying to raise campaign dollars in exchange for things that you could do as the governor. So the next step was to get a court order to go up on Rod Blagojevich's telephones. A wiretap. By that point, his inner circle are under investigation, and everybody knew it. If you know you're under investigation to the level that Rod was at that point, step number one is to take your phone and bury it in the backyard and stay off of it. And Rod Blagojevich basically does the opposite. I think he felt like there's no way that his phones would ever be compromised as the sitting governor, and that's where he gets into the trouble is he continues to run his mouth like he always does. At that stage, this was still an investigation about campaign contributions, but they started to hear, "Wait a minute. What's he doing with the Senate seat? We need to let some of that run." When Barack Obama got elected president, Rod Blagojevich, as governor, was the only person who had the power to appoint Barack Obama's replacement in the Senate. And he decided, essentially, to start listening to everybody about what they could offer. And he started talking to some of his closest advisers and speculating and plotting how to exchange that decision for something for his benefit. I got some lady calling my house for Jesse Jr. a little while ago. We were approached, pay to play. That, you know, he'd raise me 500 grand, an emissary came. Then the other guy would raise a million if I made him a senator. The Jesse Jackson Jr. camp and some of his supporters had come forward and offered to give campaign contributions in exchange for Jesse Jackson Jr. Being appointed to the Senate. There was talk of him deciding to, you know, "Hey, maybe I can exchange this" for somebody who Barack Obama wants to replace him." - He's talking about Valerie Jarrett? - Yeah. - We should get something for that. - Yes. How about Health and Human Services? Can I get that? UN ambassador, I'd take that. How about India? India's vital. Yeah, India's vital. I'd say India... Is that realistic, or would he reject that? - That's realistic. - Is it? - I think so. - No shit. They weren't sure what Rod Blagojevich was gonna do next. And the prosecutors felt that if they didn't move quickly, Rod Blagojevich could actually appoint somebody senator, and as soon as he appoints it, it happens. I told my nephew, Alan, he just turned 26 today. I said, "Alan..." I called him for his birthday. And I said, "It's too bad you're not four years older 'cause I could've given you a US Senate seat for your birthday." I mean, I've got this thing, and it's fucking golden. And I'm just not giving it up for fucking nothing. We had enough with recordings we obtained, with telephone records we had pulled, and we knew it was time to take the whole case down. That morning was like that scene from The Godfather, where they're doing the baptism and people are getting murdered around them. They went to my brother-in-law. They went to Rod's chief of staff. And they just, like, hit everybody all at the same time. Dan, myself, and another agent, Cathy, approached the door. And we purposely picked Cathy because she had training in hostage negotiation. The Illinois State Police put a call into the governor's home. It was somebody saying, "It's the FBI. We're at your door. Let us in." And I thought it was a joke, and I said, "Oh, who is this?" And I hung up the phone. Called back. And they said, "No, this is the FBI. We're downstairs." Come open the door, otherwise we'll bust it open." Patti's state was mostly irritated. Um, I'd say very irritated. They brought a SWAT team. They brought hostage negotiators with them. I mean, what did they think? My husband was gonna hold his children hostage or some... I mean, it was the craziest thing. Rod was on the stairway, and one thing that struck me as peculiar that still told me that he wasn't totally grasping the situation is before we walked him down the stairs, he asked me how his hair looked. And they brought him downstairs, and the FBI agent said to me, "Well, we have to get going because the press isn't here yet." Blagojevich gets busted. Read all about it. Today's headlines stunned a state accustomed to politicians in handcuffs. He's charged with racketeering conspiracy, wire fraud, extortion conspiracy, attempted extortion, and making false statements. The most serious charge alleges he offered up the appointment of President Obama's vacated Senate seat to the highest bidder. Blagojevich's arrest in Chicago was obviously a nuclear weapon going off. The whole world was listening. Is this the dumbest guy ever? - What did you call him? - Blago-away-avich. Blago-away-avich. I like... The press, they like to build you up, and then start trying to tear you down. Rod Blagojevich has gone from being an embattled public official to a disgraced private citizen. That will earn him a permanent place in the political hall of shame. What a moron this guy is. Even recently, the governor characterized himself as a popular guy. There's any number of critics who wonder if he's delusional or not. I talked to a number of psychiatrists and said, "Is this guy nuts?" They came up with narcissistic personality disorder. Governor, the suggestion that you might not be able to think rationally at this time, how do you respond to that? I mean, come on. It's a... What's... What's your question? A Chicago Tribune poll showed the governor's approval rating at 13%. With a recent approval rating of just 4%. It may be the lowest in American history. It's an embarrassment. The arrogance of Governor Blagojevich is beyond pale. And tomorrow's lead editorial, already posted on the Tribune website, calls on Blagojevich to resign. I personally think he should at least step aside. I think it's time for him to go, but unfortunately, I think he's gonna drag this out as long as he can. Governor Blagojevich turned 52 today, not exactly the best of birthdays. His once promising political career now in shambles. Thank you very much. I'm here to tell you right off the bat that I am not guilty of any criminal wrongdoing, that I intend to stay on the job, and I will fight this thing every step of the way. I will fight, I will fight, I will fight, until I take my last breath. My father called me up and said, "Come down to the office. Rod Blagojevich may want to hire us." And so, I came down, and it was right then. I-I fell in love with Rod right then. My father asked me after the meeting was over, "Do you want to do it?" I said, "The governor of the state, especially that guy, asks us?" That's an honor to represent someone like that. "Yes, I'm in if you're in." He knew Sam Adam Jr. Actually from the R. Kelly case. And he thought, "If this guy could get R. Kelly off, then maybe he can help me." Sam was kind of an extension of Rod's personality, very just out there and gregarious and aggressive. Point out to me one single action that's in the criminal complaint here that says the governor did anything. Maybe there was talk... Now, if you're asking me about tapes, oh, I know the tapes. - We know the tapes. - There are no damaging tapes. When you take an elected official, a governor, rip him from his family at six o'clock in the morning, and then say he did all these things but you can't answer it, is that really where we are? Conventional wisdom in Chicago would say, you get hit with a corruption case of this size, dry up immediately. Don't say anything that's gonna get you in any more trouble. But the Blagojevich defense team took the opposite track. When Rod was arrested, basically, he had a zero approval rating. They showed him with this crazy hair, looking like a common, everyday criminal. And so, I had to deal with that. But I'm a salesman. Typically, my cases, you have an old, beat-up Chevy you gotta make look like a brand-new Mercedes, but that's the nature of the business. And so we tried to get back to even. Just... All we wanted was people to listen. Hi. How are you? The former Illinois governor came to New York today to launch a media campaign. The Fox and Friends morning show was the first of a flurry of even more media interviews today. He's doing everything but stick his head in the sand as he continues to make the rounds and his case before the media. When it came to media strategy, uh, you had an individual who wanted to speak. "You don't just give it away for nothing." Are these your words? That's subject to many interpretations. That could mean I want them to help us pass health care... Politics and routine politics and political horse trading and discussing what may or may not be available, - uh, is how the business works. - You think that's just routine politics? Absolutely. - I did nothing wrong. - I'm not guilty of criminal wrongdoing. - Just say, "I am not a crook." Do it. - No, I'm not gonna say that. Part of the strategy was to put him on TV 'cause he still had this outsized, likable personality. Hi. I'm Rod Blagojevich. I'm backstage at The Ellen DeGeneres Show. Please welcome Rod... Make people laugh. Make him a sympathetic character because they thought that that could ultimately play out in court. Governor Rod Blagojevich is talking on TV as he did all day yesterday. This, we believe, is the best possible forum that I have. I saw you on The View. I saw you on the Today Show. I saw you on, I think, every other show that is in production currently. Many believe this media blitz is an attempt to influence potential jurors. Well, you wonder whether that's strategy or whether he just likes to be on television. During the pretrial media strategy, Rod did become the butt of the joke. This seat that you're sitting on right now, - you could sell this vacant seat... - Okay. On Ebay. You can own Rod Blagojevich's empty seat. And the winner gets a clump of Blago hair found between the cushions. That being said, it's better to be the butt of the joke than to be a criminal. So, we saw this as improving his position. This governor has violated his oath of office. This governor has breached the public trust. This governor must be impeached, and I urge your "aye" vote. Rod Blagojevich is no longer the governor of Illinois. He was ousted from office late today after being convicted by the state senate. Hours before the vote, Blagojevich made a plea. You guys are in politics. You know what we have to do to go out and run, and run elections. But his performance didn't seem to change any minds here. I now pronounce the judgment of conviction against Rod R. Blagojevich, with his removal from office as governor. The senate also voted to bar him from ever holding state office again. As a matter of fact, we understand they've already changed the locks on the doors to this governor's office behind me here. Governor, he's taken away your right to earn money. How do you feel? What are you gonna do about legal defense? Governor, do you have prospects for a job to pay the bills? You know, obviously, I'm very interested in, uh, finding a way to earn a living so I can support my children and, uh... and, uh... our family and, uh... Was this the toughest day yet? No, it's not. It's time for a new deal. It's time to get back to work. It's time for The Celebrity Apprentice. With Rod Blagojevich. - I'll do anything. - Right. Legal and ethical and honest. Rod Blagojevich's defense team very purposefully decided that they were gonna turn him into even more of a celebrity than he already was. The way you think, I should've had you when I was in politics. - That's all I'm saying. - Yeah. First thing I would've told you, "Hang up the phone. Rod! Hang up the phone, man." The defense wanted to put him on TV and make a national personality out of him because they saw the OJ case, the R. Kelly case. How about taking a picture with me here? They knew that in the American system, it's a higher bar to convict a celebrity for sure. I have great respect for your tenacity, for the fact that you just don't give up. But, Rod, you're fired. The top ten questions Rod Blagojevich asked himself before appearing on Celebrity Apprentice. Number ten. - "Can I get paid in shampoo?" - Yeah. When the media tour first started, people started saying, "He's nuts. He's crazy. Blago's crazy." And then they started saying, "Well, you know what?" There's gotta be something to this 'cause no man's gonna go around the country for a year and a half "and claim his innocence." And by the time we got to, uh, trial, the polling showed 50/50. Fifty people were coming in believing that he was guilty. Fifty said, "You know what?" Maybe Blago's innocent." And so, it gave me real confidence. It gave my father real confidence to go into that trial with that strategy. The corruption trial of Rod Blagojevich opens this morning. - Sleep well last night? - I slept great. You tend to forget Blagojevich could spend years behind bars if he's convicted because he seems to have made such a mockery of the pretrial process. Judge James Zagel warned Blagojevich against making daily statements to the press and Twittering updates from the courtroom. He does have a following. And in the criminal context, he just needs one person. - Good luck. - Thank you. Appreciate that. Really? - Good luck, Rod. - Thanks, man. - You're not guilty. - Thanks, man. Inside the US attorney's office, this was being handled by very experienced, very tough people. Their best of the best. In opening arguments, US attorney Carrie Hamilton included the Senate seat in a series of alleged shakedowns establishing a trend. "What about me? What's in it for me?" The US government had such a complicated case that there was a lot of minutiae that the jury was asked to deal with. Trying to connect the dots between Blagojevich and a... witness after witness... be a quid pro quo rewarding friends. This trial is not expected to go by quickly. They were relying a lot on what was known as honest services, the legal expectation that an elected official owes the public governing free from corruption, and that that had been violated. The presentation of that was really kind of winding and complicated, and the jury probably didn't understand it. More of the same, the slow, tedious, but careful process. Today, a little boring. I think that's a fair word. So you had the US government coming in very kind of bookish, and what they wound up facing was really a street fight. You had Sam Adam Jr. Coming from the world of the criminal court in Chicago, 26th Street, where it's bare knuckle, and I think that caught the federal prosecutors off-guard. In a loud, rambling opening fit for the theater, defense attorney Sam Adam Jr. Mentioned Blagojevich's now famous hair. Sam Adam Jr. Shouted at the jury... waving his arm, pointing his fingers... using a fire and brimstone approach, said the governor was the victim. All of the articles said, "They're 26th Street clowns." What we were trying to do is be regular. You gotta be regular. These are people who get up in the morning, put on their pants one leg at a time and go to work. They're not gonna see these technical laws and all that and think, "Oh, well, this one has a comma here. This one has a semicolon. What does that mean?" And so, our entire defense was all of this was political horse trading. You may not like it, you may want to change it, but that's politics. There are a lot of other people that profited from this corruption. We actually used evidence we gathered against him to help convince him to cooperate with us. But you just don't know what's gonna happen when you're in court. Lon, was it difficult to testify against Blagojevich? Their witness, Lon Monk, was Rod's chief of staff. He said he was taking money himself. The US attorney asked him, "So how much of that money did you give Rod?" And he said, "Oh, I would never give Rod any money or tell him I took any money 'cause that's not who Rod is." Right there, that's it. If you are his best friend and you're taking money but you refuse to give it to him, so what are we doing here? What are we talking about? He didn't get any money, not one dime. But you under stand, it's very important for me to make a lot of money. I need the independence. I-I-I need the freedom. Okay? And then I have a personal issue, which is I feel like I'm fucking my children. That's what I feel like. The whole world's passing me by. And Amy's going to college in six years. Amy's going to college, and we can't afford it. They claim all these crimes and not once is money exchanged. This is a little mystifying to me. Sam just pounded on that. If he's supposedly making all this money, where are the fancy cars? Where are the vacations? This guy can't even afford to send his kids to college. That's why he's, you know, complaining about needing money and trying to get a job running a charitable organization or something in exchange for the Senate seat. It's because he doesn't have enough money. So, if he's a criminal, he's not very good at it. What's your level of confidence your client walks out of this building an innocent man? A hundred percent. Twelve to zero. A hundred percent. - A hundred percent. - A hundred percent. After five weeks of presenting testimony, prosecutors in the corruption trial of Rod Blagojevich have rested their case. A jury will decide if Illinois will send its second straight governor to prison. If convicted, he could face up to six million dollars in fines and a sentence of 415 years in prison. Have you thought about what life would be like for you in prison if, in fact, you get convicted? I'm human. Of course sometimes you get those moments. Glancing at my little six-year-old, sitting at her kindergarten graduation around the circle with her classmates and wondering whether or not I might not be able to see some of that as the years go on. But those are just little moments. I know what the truth is, and I'll be fully vindicated. Reporting tonight, George Stephanopoulos. Good evening. For two weeks, the fate of former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich has been in the hands of six men and six women in a Chicago courthouse. Late today, the divided jury returned its verdict: Guilty on only one count in the corruption trial. Deadlocked on 23 other charges. Blagojevich was convicted of lying to federal agents. But the jury could not reach a verdict on 23 other corruption charges. Among them, attempting to sell the US Senate seat once held by President Obama. This is a stunning verdict. A major victory for Blagojevich. A stunning upset for federal prosecutors. I think there was a sense of overconfidence by the government. And the defense did a really good job of getting back to the simple concept: Follow the money. And there wasn't a dime the prosecution showed went into Blagojevich's pocket. It was all talk. So, you know, was he a bad governor or a criminal? We'll be seeing you around. Okay. How you doing, man? Good. It's good. - Okay, good luck. - You're great, man. Thanks. None of it's true. Okay. Now we can really say it when it matters, you know? See you, guys. We were elated for the hung jury, but there was very much a sense of dread because you knew they were gonna come back at you again, and they weren't gonna let it rest. They were coming right back. Going into a second trial, most people believed that we were going into a worse position because we knew that the government would clean up any errors that they made. And then, we certainly had a much smaller team. The government got to know my father and I and the lawyer tricks, if you... For lack of a better term. And how we were gonna present evidence. And so, the best thing for Rod was to have the second in command, Aaron Goldstein, come in and step to the forefront. I decided to stay from the first trial to the second trial 'cause I don't leave my clients. I don't believe in abandoning them. And that's just a fundamental belief of mine. Ready for round two? I've waited a long time to get the vindication that I deserve and that I owe to the people of Illinois. With jury selection underway in Chicago, Rod Blagojevich made his first appearance at a second federal corruption trial Thursday. Blagojevich says he is more optimistic than ever of a future not behind bars. The second trial changed a significant amount. And... and one of the most significant changes was the prosecution really streamlined their case, and they focused primarily just on the recorded conversations. We didn't know necessarily that they were gonna do it that way. Um, they just sort of sprung it on us from day one. The government came out swinging. They recorded many hundreds of hours of his phone calls, and they were able to pick and choose because they were the ones trying to prove his guilt or not. Do they think I would just appoint Valerie Jarrett for nothing? Just to make him happy? - Give this mother his senator? - Him. For nothing? Him. The judge was not letting in a whole bunch of other tapes that Rod Blagojevich felt were helpful to him. From the very beginning, I said, "Play all the tapes." When was it that you've ever heard the guy who's accused of wrongdoing saying, "Play all the evidence"? He felt hamstrung by not being able to present some of the calls which sound a lot more political. There are only so many conversations to sell the Senate seat. And then there are 50 other times you're talking about a political deal. He thought that would communicate to the jury that his intent was more the political deal versus something criminal. Right behind me, that is Blagojevich making his way... He was essentially put into a corner where the only way he was going to explain what he did was not wrong and was just politics was to get on the stand. This has been a long and very difficult journey for Patti, for our daughters, Amy and Annie, and for me, of course. I've waited two and a half years to finally get a chance to get on the witness stand and... and tell the truth, uh, and to, uh, take as long as it takes to, uh, answer every question as honestly and as fully as possible. He really felt like he could convince anybody in any room that he was who he says he was. He had been doing it for his entire time in politics, so he had that confidence. But the very first question Reid Schar asked him was, "You're a convicted liar, aren't you?" Which of course put Rod Blagojevich immediately on the defensive because he was indeed a convicted liar. Rod Blagojevich did his politician thing as best as he could, but unlike talking to the press, he couldn't go on and on and on and answer whatever question he wanted to. Reid Schar was not going to take any BS. And you've got the judge telling him, "You have to answer that question." It became a very difficult situation for Blagojevich. You could be likable, you could kind of put yourself out there on television, but that only goes so far when a jury is actually looking at the details of the case. You can't literally talk your way out of everything. And that created moments where jurors were rolling their eyes. One lady, you know, told the Tribune afterward she was drawing pictures of her cats while he was testifying. So it did not have the outcome that he wanted. Rod Blagojevich was clearly knocked off stride by prosecutors' very aggressive questioning. His testimony yesterday a little bit shaky. His interrogation put a very big dent in the picture that Rod Blagojevich had painted of himself. Jurors in the corruption trial of ousted Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich told a judge they have reached a verdict on 18 of the 20 counts. The judge says the verdicts will be read Monday afternoon. The announcement came after nine days of deliberation. On his way to court before his fate was known, the quirky ex-governor was quoting from his beloved Elvis. You know, my hands are shaky. My knees are weak. I can't seem to stand on my own two feet. We got notice that there was a verdict, and we walked in, and the media comes in, and we hear this verdict, then it just becomes a haze. After the long, unruly saga, the verdict is in, and it is guilty. Seventeen charges of corruption, including an effort to barter President Obama's old Senate seat. There's not much left to say other than, uh, we want to get home to our little girls, and, uh... and-and-and talk to them and explain things to them, and... and then try to sort things out. Rod, Governor, what do you say to your supporters who are right here? Enjoy jail! I think there was one man on the jury. It was all women. And, man, those women, without those tapes to be able to back up what he was saying, they just, you know, didn't buy it. And it was scary. It was a very scary moment. We felt it was very clear he was trying to make a trade for the Senate seat. The jurors themselves said, "We want to send a message that political horse trading is one thing," but when one attempts to personally benefit from that horse trading, "that's when, uh, one crosses the line." Blagojevich now faces a sentencing hearing in August. He faces a maximum of 300 years in prison. Just be ready 'cause it could happen any moment. Oh, whoa! Ben, Ben! Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Good morning. How are you feeling today? Are you gonna be showing remorse today? Sentencing day today for former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich. The prosecution trying to get 15 to 20 years for the former governor. The governor needs to go in front of the judge today, plead his case, tell the judge he's sorry. Any idea what you're gonna say today in court, Governor? Anything you want people to know? The only time he ever expressed even a scintilla of remorse was on that day of the sentencing. He gave a statement to Judge Zagel where he apologized. It came across not super sincere, but he said sort of the right things. I think at that point, it was too little, too late. The maximum, 15 to 20 years. If the governor gets more than ten years, that would be the largest sentence ever to be thrown at any politician in the state of Illinois. A ruling that will likely come today. Blagojevich is still in the building. Yeah, you're on speaker. He's coming down. Okay, I'm not gonna say anything about, uh, anything except something very, very brief. Patti and I, and especially me, this is a time to be strong. This is a time to fight through adversity. Uh, this is a time for me to be strong for my children, be strong for Patti, and this is also a time for Patti and me to get home so we can explain to our kids, our babies, Amy and Annie, what happened, what all this means, and where we're going from here. So... That was probably the first and only time in my life I actually thought I was gonna faint, you know, like when your knees, like, buckle. It is 14 years in prison for ousted Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich. A 14-year sentence? It's just so outrageous. Did Rod Blagojevich do something wrong? Absolutely. But the 14-year sentence was a huge miscarriage of justice. The press strategy horribly backfired because it just antagonized this judge and he decided he was gonna make an example out of him. That same judge had handled a mob case where there was a mob flipper who had testified about killing a number of people and had gotten about 11 or 12 years based on that. Jesse Jackson Jr. actually worked a scheme to pocket campaign contributions and got two years. Here's Rod Blagojevich, who didn't pocket anything, and he's in prison till 2024, so is that fair? I've never been vengeful. I can count on maybe one or two fingers how many times I've actually wanted to see somebody sent off to be incarcerated for an extended period of time. I appreciate the fact that I caught the person and brought their activity to light, but I never took any great pleasure in seeing the hardships that it caused. Uh, but then again, Rod Blagojevich brought this upon himself. I think it's really wrong to diminish the significance involved with campaign finance violations. There are important restrictions we have for really important public purposes. And when you violate those, you ought to be convicted and you ought to be sentenced to the full extent of the law. If he didn't know what he was doing, he should have, and he doesn't deserve our sympathy. For me, my focus immediately became my children and making sure that they were not irreparably harmed by this whole ordeal. And unfortunately, they were irreparably harmed by this whole ordeal. My children have scars that are so deep and that will last them their whole life. They were going to grow up without a father. Now there's only person in whose hands our fate rests. Could there now be a presidential pardon spree? Today the president said, "I thought that he was treated unfairly. He shouldn't have been put in jail." It all comes down to the President of the United States. And what's the best way to get a message to him and his... his staff and his people is to... try to appear on places where they're paying attention to. So here now for an exclusive interview on the story, Patricia Blagojevich. Here with us exclusively are Blagojevich's wife, Patti, and Chicago attorney Len Goodman. And what a Justice exclusive is Patti Blagojevich, former Illinois governor's wife. I know that you spoke with your husband today. What did he say when he heard this news? Well, you know, he was and we are all so grateful that the president is thinking of us in this way. We know that President Trump is a kind man. He's compassionate. He knows how important it is that my husband gets home to be a father to our daughters, that we can't help but, you know, to be hopeful. It's ironic. It's strange. Um, it's odd. No one expected Donald Trump to be president and then somehow have the power to release Rod Blagojevich. Um, but... but life is strange, and I see this as a means to an end and the only means to an end. Sometimes the courts and these prosecutors get it wrong, and it takes a strong leader like President Trump to right those wrongs. I give Patti a lot of credit. I mean, here is, uh, a loyal wife who's doing anything she can to get her husband and the father of her two daughters home. And so, I... Good for you, Patti. This year, we will have been married 29 years. We've been separated the last seven. But I talk to him every night. He gets 300 minutes of phone time a month, so that's, you know, ten minutes a day. I like the idea of him coming home and us being back in our house and just picking back up. As long as we're all healthy, anything's possible. But who knows what the future holds? Rod Blagojevich could actually walk out of prison much sooner than we all think he could. But I don't expect the Blagojevich who comes out of there is gonna be different than the one who went in. I think it would be a huge circus deal, and he would definitely make the rounds, and go on all the shows, and talk about his time in prison. All those things, I think he'd be, uh... You know, he's probably a personality that's perfect for right now in America. He'll want to restate his case yet again, and he'll want to try to recreate his persona um, so people don't think of him as the disgraced former governor, but just as a guy who got a raw deal from federal prosecutors. I always joke that if he ever wants to go back into politics again, he'll have to do that with his second wife. Not the first wife. Um... I think that part of our lives is over. And I think that he understands how you put your family in danger by going into politics. We were at the mercy of forces beyond our control. You sometimes have to take a deep breath and realize the blessings you have. And, you know, I've been blessed with a wonderful wife and... Can you imagine ever being in politics again? If she's watching this show, the answer would be no, but if she's not, no, I'm not ruling out. I'm not ruling out. - Go, Rod, go! - Thank you very much. Thank you. Go, Rod, go! Go, Rod, go! Go, Rod, go! Go, Rod, go! Go, Rod, go! Go, Rod, go! Go, Rod, go! Go, Rod, go! Go, Rod, go! Go, Rod, go! This is a Fox News alert. Former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich is a free man tonight after eight years in prison. Moments ago, President Trump just announced that he has commuted the sentence of former Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich. - Blago is a free man. - Blagojevich is someone the president has been considering commuting his sentence for months now. It was Patti Blagojevich and her media appeal directly to Trump that was convincing. I watched his wife on television. Uh, I don't know him very well. I've met him a couple of times. He was on, for a short while, The Apprentice years ago. Uh, he seemed like a very nice person. - You should have never gone, buddy. - I appreciate that. Rod, how are you feeling? Rod, how does it feel to be home? I'm curious as to what you think happens next... Could we see him in political office again? He could certainly do it. You know, he's there, coming out of jail, shaking hands like a politician. I think this is the ending of the first act of a two-act play. Tomorrow begins the second act, so that wrongs that have been done can be righted. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 