Waking the Dead: Season 4, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Waking the Dead 
 s4e3 - False Flag: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Waking the Dead (2000–…): Season 4, Episode 3 - False Flag: Part 1 - full transcript 
 A garage is demolished. As the building falls apart, demolition work is halted at the sight of a skeleton sitting in the driver's seat. An unexploded bomb is found under the car which is soon linked to an Irish terrorist cell from the late 1970s. The team tread carefully to unravel the story of the would-be bomber. Why was he killed and why did the bomb fail to detonate? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Do you see yourself as a maverick, Detective Superintendent Boyd? The Cold Case Investigation Unit is a hybrid flower, Boyd, and exotic. It takes a lot of expensive care and maintenance. What might have been neglected in its development is...pruning. I'm proud of my unit's achievements. The idea is that you listen to us. The unit you run can only enter premises with a legal warrant like every other police office. That was six months... I've suggested your unit be absorbed into my division... so I can keep an eye on you. Ah-ha. For now, Sir Martin says he will consider the options open to him. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The alternative could well be a formal disciplinary hearing. Couldn't get a word in. What's the worst? Unit taken over. Just gotta wait and see. You were tactful and consolatory, humble? Frankie...you know me. Yep, we do know you. Don't worry, I'm sure he was charm itself. 'Ere, Mick! Boyd? Mm-hm. We've had a call about a demolition site in Kennington. AMIP aren't attending, they've been told we are. Who told them that? Don't know. SIRENS WAIL Hi. So, why've we got this? It's cold. An uninvestigated case doesn't mean it's cold. It's a case. Come on, Mel. Or have you made other plans for today? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I've got a lunch. We don't want it apparently. What? It takes ages to get into these. I'm not ruining Frankie's day. It was discovered at 10.15am. CID had barely had it a morning before they hand it over to us. What are you thinking? About that woman who doesn't stop talking. Who's that? You know... Assistant Commissioner Dyson. Hey, let us know when we can come in, won't you, Frankie? I mean, don't forget us out here(!) SHE GROANS OK, Boyd! What is it, some old sewer site? Can we get out of here? I'd like you all to get out of here. I'm not touching anything! I mean it. Clear the area. Get everyone to turn off their mobiles and radios then see what's under the car. What are you talking about? What is it? Well, I think it's a bomb. Don't you think we should call the bomb squad? If we call do, we won't have a crime scene. This is a crime scene? Well, he didn't fix a bomb under the car and die of boredom, did he(?) Spence! Boyd, I can handle it! You can handle it... I did a course. Can you guarantee you can make that safe? I can make it safe. Make what safe? Tell uniform to clear the area. Don't tell him why. Keep it low key. I'm not sure about this Frankie, it's a huge risk. To my life? I'm responsible. I found your caring and sharing side(!) What if I was to say there was a big red digital clock in there and we don't have time to call anyone out. What's going on? There's shopping under the car. She means a bomb. It's OK, she did a course. I never said I passed. HE SIGHS You all right, there? Keep talking to me, Frankie. Frankie? Keep talking to me, Frankie? You shouldn't be there, Boyd. You don't think I'd leave you at a time like this? OK, here's a question for you. I've got red, blue or green, which one would you cut? Are you serious? Eh? Frankie? Frankie?! Frankie! SHE EXHALES Must have guessed right. Don't do that to me again. OK, you brave ones. You can never repay me. Well, you insisted on doing it. I said we'd have no forensics left if there was a controlled explosion. I don't want the unit taken over either. There are no coloured wires. OK, so we're looking at two possible murder scenes here... How could you do that to me? The death of the guy in the car and the intended victim of the bomb. We need to establish why this didn't blow. You know how the driver died? Give me a chance. She's been busy. He could've had a heart attack. Yeah, but it's a potential crime scene. Now it's a cold case, yeah? Well, it's an old case. And it's ours, and that's the point, isn't it? And we've been given it, yeah? That was a terrible thing to do. Why on earth did you do that? Detonators need a power source, and they haven't built the batteries that last for twenty years. You cow. Cruel. You're crazy, Frankie. HE CHUCKLES TRAIN CLATTERS CLOSEBY TRUCK REVERSING SIREN BEEPS Hi. Hi. Don't you think that taking this case without any referral would be a red rag to a bull. Assistant Commissioner Dyson would not be a bull in that analogy. No, no, she'd be a cow. Hmm. No, they wanted us to do the case, so we've taken it. Without telling them what sort of case it is? We have no idea what sort of case it is. We know what we mean. Should I call the anti-terrorist bunch. Branch. Branch. Nothing to do with me. That would be a demonstration that the Cold Case Unit is the luxury that Assistant Commissioner Dyson likes to make out it is. No, no, no, no. We'll do the case. Oh, yeah. DS Spencer Jordan. I'd like a registered owner, please? Oscar, yankee, whisky, four, seven, eight, romeo. A brown, Rover 2000 saloon. Yep, OK... Right great. Hold on a sec. Let me just get myself ready. Hold on a minute. OK, fire away. Hello? Hi, it's Dr Wharton from CCHQ. Yeah, cold case. I need the duty pathologist, please. Thank you. That's great. Thanks, Spence, bye. Right, the car was registered in June 1979 to a Richard George Mandeville Hackworth, 42, Inweir Mansions, W1. So, I'll chase up Hackworth. No need to. Why? He's dead. What? You children know nothing, do you? Who was he? You're kidding me. No, I'm serious, who was he? "Who was he"? You've gotta be kidding. Grace - Richard Hackworth? Home Secretary, early '80s. Politician, Conservative government. Look him up. Get pictures. Why? It was his car. What were you doing? How could you not know that? Boyd, I was three. OK. Hackworth carried his military background into the Home Office. He stood against the hunger strikes and he's credited with increasing the SAS in Northern Ireland. Was he an Irish terrorist? Well, I'd say he was a male in his early twenties. No, the point is Boyd, do we care? We only do cases because we care. Oh, that's not what I mean. That's an interesting point though. Only bring me cases that I have an emotional attachment to? Do we care enough to risk our careers? Can you believe that one? It's a career issue now, is it? 21st century police, sod the truth! If this is Irish terrorism then it belongs somewhere else. You're questioning my authority? If that's the way you see it. Car's in the workshop when we're ready, yeah? What's wrong? The car belonged to a former Home Secretary. No kidding! New tyres, five-K on the clock. DS Silver. How did he get it nicked with all that security? Find out. I'm waiting. Scotland Yard want to talk to Dr Foley. Put it through! Are you questioning my authority?! PHONE RINGS Grace Foley. You realise the consequence. Do you? HE SIGHS The Home Secretary has official cars? It must be a family vehicle. That's what I thought. ..Sir! Yeah. Maybe the target was his wife. Security around the Home Secretary would have been high. Kill the wife. Yeah. Shocked? Yes, I am. Well, it's brutal but that's the idea. No no, not about that. I've just had a phone call from the Assistant Commissioner's office. As a result of your informal review, the Metropolitan Police have decided they would like a psychological profile on you. Go on. And, in their wisdom, they've decided as the Home Office already have a psychologist working in the unit, she would be best placed to do the report. It's clever, isn't it? And they win either way. Either I do a report and say that you're off your rocker, or I don't. And if I don't... They accuse you of doing a whitewash. What are you going to do? It was made clear that I have no choice. We've got to sit down, work something out and it'll be fine. You can write what they want but I'm not talking about me, OK? Grace, could you come here? Mel has some issues. I think we should clear this up once and for all. All right, Mel? This is Irish terrorism. It could be. I don't care about a dead terrorist and we shouldn't be doing this. We shouldn't be doing this as I'm jeopardising her career. ..Yes? Chris Reed, duty forensic pathologist. What is this place? It's like Deep Space Nine! Very, er, Nikita, d'ya know what I mean? Healed fracture to the right ulna. Can I call you Frankie? Yeah, sure. So, er, Cold Case Unit. I never knew there was one. I wanted to do general medicine, but my bedside manner let me down. How was he found? I thought it best we waited for you. He was sitting upright in a car in a locked garage. There was an explosive device under the car that hadn't detonated. We reckon the corpse is... Twenty years old. Twenty years old. You don't need me to tell you his appearance is consistent with that. You don't need me any more do you? No. Thanks, Boyd. So, soft tissue's entirely absent. I once a meningioma left inside an old skull, it rattled like a pea. A tumour virtually calcified. This caught my attention, have a look. Just in there, see? Oh, my God. Lady Hackworth died in 1993. What about children, secretaries, his, hers, housekeeper's? Any staff, office or domestic. I'm not discussing a profile of me! We can win this game if we do it together. I don't want to play. Look, if we don't cooperate you'll only confirm their opinion of you. If this was a routine assessment we would sit down talk about labels people apply to you and then you would tell me what you think. They're crap. Risk taker? No. Thrill seeker? No. Someone who calculates risk? Someone who's arrogance is really confidence. Oh, Grace, please... Someone who feels responsible for their unit... I do! ..And plays a nurturing role. It's Frankie. Oh, please, enough! (Doesn't like nurturing.) Thanks, Boyd. Dr Reed has observed a defect in a lumber vertebra. Look can you see? I can. Where it's been nicked. Not nicked as in... No, no, it's like a, um... Like a shallow groove. Exactement, shallow groove. Not to be confused with the movie of nearly the same name. Well, it could possibly be a bullet. The groove is pointing downwards, so if you were to trace it back it could've been a bullet through the upper thorax. A shot... that would've gone right through the heart. Possibly. OK. 'OK, so the seat's gone.' Gone where? Body fluids, that's where. Eurgh. What else? Yeah, Frankie? I didn't understand it at first. What? I opened the boot at the scene and found these. Telephone directories. I think he had a briefcase. Briefcase. I think the killer had a briefcase. He put the phonebooks in the case, he put the case on the back seat and it took the bullet. And then, He emptied the case into the boot to look for the bullet. He removed the slug and left with the case. Why take it? Maybe it had a personal engraving. We could've traced it back. Exactly. Is there a bullet hole in one of these? No no no, there doesn't have to be. Think about it. Once a bullet has gone through a body and then a seat, it's not going to have much energy left in it. It might not have gone into the case. I thought it deflected once it hit its target. Not at point blank. It only nicked the spinal column. So, he leant in through the door... If he was right-handed, he wouldn't want a high angle, because then the bullet could've ricocheted anywhere. GUN FIRES Bang. I'll look for DNA, but he was a clever bugger and he cleaned up. He shoots a guy and recovers the bullet even though the car's going to blow up. The victim would've been written off as a terrorist bomber who's blown himself up so there'd be no murder enquiry. Frankie, do you know why the bomb didn't go off at the time? No, I'm working on that. And when it didn't, why didn't he come back? Well, maybe he didn't know or... Or he might not have been the bomber and he didn't wanna come back to what was a live device. I wanted one of these in yellow, you know that? You are so sad. Canary yellow. SPENCE CHUCKLES Have you ever done any anti-terrorist work? Yes. We used to call terrorism the crime that dares to speak its name. Shout it in fact. Terrorist cases are open and shut, aren't they? From a psychologist's point of view. Not like me. "Do you feel you need to be the one to voice up for those..." I want you to answer the questions in there. "Pond's Multiphasic Test". It's a self-report, there are others. But you picked the one with the most pompous name. How about "Gannison's Personality Assessment"? Do we really have to? Yes. "You have always had trouble with keeping friends." It's a dead man I care about. Why can't I get it through to you? It's designed to measure how you think, feel and behave. Fill it in as best as you can and then we'll go through it together. It's like being at school, isn't it? Go on, back to your class. Thank you, Miss. Why didn't you tell me that Duncan Sanderson was blown up around the same time that Hackworth's Rover went missing? Thank you. Duncan Sanderson was a prominent Conservative MP who was murdered in London when his car blew up close to the Palace of Westminster. It was widely assumed that he had been a victim of an Irish Nationalist terrorist group. IRA? Well, not necessarily. There were other terrorist groups active then. The Met launched a huge enquiry, there were no arrests, and after five years, the case was declared cold and shelved. He was the most important MP to be murdered in this way. There you are. The ultimate cold case. Why? Why what? Why was the case shelved? We'd have to ask the Anti-Terrorist Unit... We haven't alerted them to this enquiry, so when we ask questions... They wouldn't have shredded all their files. Let's get the Sanderson files in, Mel? Fine. You up for that? Happy now? Do you know how you use a clock to detonate a bomb? No. Tell me? Obviously, you have twelve choices and most bombers choose midnight. Now, the hands close together, completing a circuit. And then they touch because you've bent them like so. Mm, so why didn't this one go off? Well, these hands are micro-coated in a clear plastic and the bomber didn't seem to know that, so he didn't sand them. Mm, can I have a look? Yeah, sure. What did they used to say when you landed at Belfast? "Welcome to Belfast, turn your clocks back 50 years." HE CHUCKLES TO HIMSELF I never thought of you as a thrill-seeker, you know, Frankie. You should make an appointment with Grace. Did you say Gerald Doyle? Yeah, he rented the garage in 1979. Lived at an address in Camden. The previous owner died, but the lawyers, who were doing the probate, gave me records. Gerald Patrick Doyle. Date of Birth 18.08.59 was reported missing... January '80. Bingo. 'Gerald Doyle... '. Boyd is unhappy, cos he thinks we're stereotyping him because he's got an Irish-sounding name. He did have a bomb under the car. And also it wasn't his car. How many terrorists have a double-first from Oxford? Post-graduate degree in Belfast. Oh, well that's the explanation then, isn't it? Why don't you say something? "Terrorism shouts it name"? As a political logic. No matter how much we may deplore it. So what's the logic here, then? Thanks very much. The Doyle family haven't lived here since '83. The last forwarding address is in Bushey Heath. When did they start living here? Early '60's. This is an Irish neighbourhood. No, that's Kilburn. This is overspill. Right, so he must have gone to school here. Yeah. Low-income household. State school. In this catchment area, there can only be, one...two? One or two. OK. Thanks, guys. A boy from the 1970s? My wife told me I'd aged here, I didn't know things were that bad. I didn't necessarily mean that you would've known him. We wondered whether you might have some archives we could look at. 'Leonardo De Vinci. 'Scientist, artist and inventor...' SCHOOL BELL RINGS Good morning, sir. Good morning. I'm looking for Mr Joseph Doyle. You've found him. Do you think we could talk please? What about? About your son. I don't have a son, any more. I'd still like to talk to you, if possible. You'd better come in. Thank you. Morning. Morning. My son hasn't been in contact over the last twenty years. Maraid, I just want to talk to these officers. No, if this is Mrs Doyle then... It's about Gerald. Maybe we could sit down somewhere? Gerald Doyle, this one. Ah. Wait a minute, he might well have been on the trek. What's the trek? The school did an expedition each year, and that was always followed by an illustrated talk, you know, the next term? You might have more pictures? Well, it's possible. Great. Your son was reported missing in 1981. By us. Had he been in touch with you until the time that he disappeared? Never been out of touch, even in Ireland. Why did he go to Ireland? To study. Are you both Irish? No my wife's Irish, I'm English. We met when I was stationed in Belfast. Have you found him? Possibly. He's dead, I suppose he's dead, you haven't said. You haven't found him alive, have you? We found a body that could be your son's. I'm so sorry. SHE SOBS Ssh, ssh, ssh. Ready? Yeah. Er, where was that taken? Snowdonia, somewhere like that. Could we scan these onto a CD? Yes, of course. He got his head turned at University. Was that his first involvement in politics? Well, he got obsessed with the idea of how things used to be. Do you mind if I, er... No, please. Please. Thanks. May I ask, Mrs Doyle, are you a protestant? My wife is a Catholic and Gerald was brought up in his mother's faith. Was there ever any conflict between you and your son politically? Not until he went to University. He was to have gone into the army. He'd been head boy at his school, and captain of football. And cricket, he was wonderful at sport. And this is he, yes? Yes. He was fine until he went to Belfast, and then he came back full of silly ideas. Such as? He wanted to know about the start of the troubles. He stopped talking to me and went to his mother. He asked her how it was that her family couldn't get a house. Another time he told her Catholics couldn't vote in the North because the vote was on the rates, and you had to have a house and so Catholics couldn't get houses. I said, "Gerald this isn't your life. "Your life is here. This is England. "It's her past, but it's not your future." Excuse me. I think that we should... May I? Please do. I said, "Your Republican friends are criminals and murderers." Did you ever get to meet any of these friends? Oh, he didn't bring them home. It's wonderful that you've kept his things. He was my only son. At least now he'll get to have a wake. You wanted to know about Gerald. He was quiet. And thoughtful, you'd get that from his diaries, be hard to know what he was thinking. He kept diaries? Aye, journals he called them. Could I have a look at them? Aye. Excuse me. A lot of diaries. Aye. Bit heavy, I'll put them here. Thank you. Who's this? Oh, that's Gerald's girlfriend, Eileen. Is this the George Cross? My husband got that for helping some men out of a submarine, don't tell him that I told you. No. Gosh, how extraordinary. Now, we're by ourselves, can you tell us how you found him? I can't tell you that yet, I'm afraid. What I need to know is what he was doing in the period before he disappeared. Well, we never saw him after January 1980. Was he living at home? Yes, we were in Orchard Grove, Camden. Did he travel to Ireland during that time? No, no, he didn't. I thought he was finished with all that. What was he doing in London, then? He was working for someone. Do you know who? So you don't know what he was doing then? He didn't tell me. To do a proper identification I'll need a DNA swab... ..preferably from Mrs Doyle, would that be all right? Of course. I suppose it was her DNA that got him into whatever he did get into. Gerald Doyle was a bit of a star at school. This book was in the his mother made for him after they moved. What is strange about his book? Photographs have been cut out. The photographs of Duncan Sanderson have been sliced out. That's weird. Mel, I want a digest of the press coverage of Duncan Sanderson's murder. There's a terrible amount of conflict in that family. Gerald Doyle is brought up the son of the hero... Yeah, his dad won the George Cross for bravery. Son rebels? Bit too soon to start thinking in such easy terms. What I'm saying is, he's brought up to follow his father's lead, and then discovers everything his father's repressed. Being what? Joe Doyle takes a Catholic girl away from Northern Ireland, Gerald back there and looks into his mother's background. That's a political analysis. A psychological analysis might be how he viewed his father's life. You don't know anything about that. I will when I've read the diaries. Who claimed the murder of Sanderson? Everybody claimed everything in those days. That's what we need, yeah? OK. Not this psychobabble that Gladys is on about. All right, Mel? Yeah. Yeah? These were written to be read. That makes it unusual for a piece of writing(!) You know what I mean. Just listen to this. "Friday 10th May. "As this week goes by with its fresh chapter of atrocities committed by the British state, "I spend more time thinking about the struggle "that has occupied the Irish people since the 17th century..." GERALD: "Never before has the need to end this colonial oppression been more strongly felt. "After 300 years of suffering and subjection, now is the time for decisive action." Seems to have adopted something of the prose style of Winston Churchill, hasn't he? May have adopted the prose, but not the politics. I'll get Frankie to look at these. See if they were written ..over a long period or not. Yep. This is very strange. Stick your neck out. Well, there all so beautifully laid out. It's...there's not a mistake not a crossing out. They're either the work of a perfectionist... ..or, they're fake. How many years have we got?  Six. OK, well... Obviously ink analysis will tell us how many inks we've got. As you can see, there's only two colours. But only two inks would make me very suspicious. Why's that? Although... ..there are other ways of looking at things. Like what? These red sections. I'll leave you to it, then. OK? See you later. Bye! PHONE RINGS Yep. Whose address is 42 Inweir Mansions, London W2. That's Hackworth's address where the Rover was stolen from. 'Oh, my God, are you absolutely sure about that?' Yeah. 'You need to come back.' Why? 'Just get the others and come round to the lab as soon as you can.' OK. OK, well he's used what's called the Vigenere code, and this is it. Now, every code needs a key word. After several attempts I found that it was Doyle, D-O-Y-L-E. Take the first letter of Doyle, D, with the first letter of this line of the red section which is Q. You go from D along to Q, take it up it's an N, so that's your first letter. Second letter of Doyle is O. First letter of the second line here is W, you go from O to W and up, you get an I. As I carried on, I found that it was a phone number. OK, do you want to take this down? 9-4-6-0-0-0-9, it must be London. Seven digits. Yeah. And then there's an address with it as well which is 4, Leyton Mews, W2. Wow. I don't know what to say Frankie. Say something about bloody scientists. You usually do. The Leyton Mews address is still occupied by the same individual who was there in 1979. The phone number's the same apart from the addition of the new code. 'Alice...Taylor-Garret.' Forty one, forty two... Number six. Five. Four, right. Needs some paint. Shall I? Go ahead. Hi, I'm Detective Sergeant Silver. This is my colleague, Detective Superintendent Boyd. Are you Miss Alice Taylor-Garret? Yes. May we come in for word? Thank you. Er, would you like to go upstairs. Yeah, thanks. How long have you lived here Miss...is it Miss or Mrs? Er, Miss. I've lived here since 1976. What do you do for a living? I'm a personal assistant, to a business gentleman. Is he in this line of business. Yes, he's in antiques. He lives abroad. I don't now what you want with me. Why are you here? Do you know this man? No. Would you come to our offices? I would like to talk to you more. You're not here because you're in any sort of trouble. You're here because I want you to help us. I don't know what you want. I think you do recognise this man. I want to know how you know him. I don't know him. Your address was found in his notebook in a way that suggests that he knew you. What's happened to him? Is he dead? Yes, he's dead. I'd like you to tell us a little about your background, please. Where were you born? Why won't you listen to me? I don't know him. Mrs Taylor-Garret... Miss. Miss, sorry, Miss... Miss Taylor-Garret, this man we think was a terrorist. Can you think of any reason why he had your address? No, none. Do you have any Irish connections? Can you think of any reason why you should be known to this individual? HE GROANS Do you have a car? No. Have you ever rented or loaned out your garage? This is very important, Miss Taylor-Garret. I'm investigating the death of this man 20 years ago! Boyd, she's fragile... All right! She's not the guilty one. I need to know how it happened. Why, if he was a terrorist? If he's dead then good, why do you need to know what happened to him? I want you to think about what we've asked you. Reflect carefully. See if you can remember. Someone who knew you. Someone who borrowed your garage. Perhaps you hardly knew them! Perhaps you have forgotten! They're all dead, they've been judged. Death's an end. That politician, he died. I wanna go home now. I'll show you out. No. it's all right, thank you. DOOR CLOSES HE SIGHS Well... You couldn't hold her. I know. 'Looking back at my father's career taught me the value of not flinching 'from a political opinion because it might be unpopular.' 'The security challenges we face today will haunt us forever... '...unless we meet them with firmness and resolve. REPORTER: 'A devastating explosion in an underground car park 'near the Houses of Parliament. 'A car being driven by the leading politician Duncan Sanderson 'was destroyed in an attack believed to be the work 'of an Irish terrorist group.' HE SIGHS REPORTER: 'Joining me is Timothy Cooper, a former intelligence officer. 'Major Cooper, many thanks for speaking to us. 'You believe there are many questions unanswered? Yes, I do. 'The story of Duncan Sanderson's death has never been told. 'When I worked in Northern Ireland, 'we had a close contact with various terrorists groups and their actions, 'and for there to be no arrests after the death of Duncan Sanderson, 'that speaks volumes. You're making insinuations... 'Sanderson was to take over in Northern Ireland in a big shake up. 'Not only in Northern Ireland, but also here at home. Now. 'I'm being told that we have to leave it there for now. 'Your book is coming out shortly. 'We'll have to wait and see...' Doyle's girlfriend from before he left home has agreed to see me. Great. Take Spence.  OK. DOOR CLOSES I haven't seen Gerald in 20 years. We just thought you could help us. How? 20 years. We're interested in how he was, 20 years ago. Why? Is he dead? You said we were having a drink, I thought we were having a drink. No, we're gonna meet this guy. I wanna know if he's a fantasist or not. I'm not Mystic Meg. I know you're not, but I wanna know. Timothy Cooper. Timothy Cooper. Sanderson was getting a Northern Ireland job, he had an agenda. What d'you mean? Duncan Sanderson's death, was it false flag? Can you explain "false flag"? Apparently an operation by one country, but actually carried by another. Makes things deniable. Makes things bloody untraceable. So the British Government could do anything masquerading as a terrorist group? Yeah. Like a magician. Misdirect the eye. Are you talking about our security services. Well, nobody was arrested. You've found something, haven't you? Er... BOYD SIGHS Perhaps. You don't even know what you're looking for. Do you know what cover within cover means? Whoever it was acting outside regular control. He had cover, but he bought himself extra protection. He created another layer of cover. Within the first layer. Cover within cover. Unpeel a layer of an onion and you've got another layer. You're a shrink, aren't you? No, no, there's one or two things we ought to get clear here. When I left the army in 1985, the Ministry of Defence in response to my disclosures made out that I was mentally ill. They spiked my drink at a function. I was arrested for violent conduct. It was a set up. I had a mental breakdown when I was 58, but I'm over that now. Anyway, these are things you can find out about me any old time. What's this? More cold cases. Four people, hunted down in response to the murder of Sanderson. Were they involved? Misdirect the eye. You're in a parallel world, Detective Superintendent. You're in a wilderness of mirrors. You make sure you do what Duncan Sanderson forgot to do. What's that? Watch your back. Phew... Right, get the heater on. So no-one was arrested for these either? Not according to him. Oh, my God. It would've been warmer to talk in here, you know? Yeah it would... ..wouldn't it? OK, see you tomorrow. I'm sorry about meeting you here but, I'm married now. It's fine, we understand. There you go. Thanks. Gerald, my first real love. He wrote me that letter. "You'll understand that I had to risk my life for what I believe". He was dumping me. We'd been planning to get married. Was this while he was doing his post-graduate in Belfast? Did you ever see him again? Never. Did you blame his mother for the change he seemed to go through. I blamed Joe, his father. He was always so hard on him. We need to hold on to this for a while, OK? What happened to him? We'll let you know as soon as we have more information. It's all yours, Frankie. Thanks. HIGH-PITCHED BEEPING HIGH-PITCHED BEEPING CONTINUOUS BEEP There is a source of radio transmission in there somewhere. What? I am not dismantling your car for you. Why because it's carefully built in? We know who we're dealing with. Do we? Yeah. Frankie, would you do me a favour? Would you check underneath for me, please? Anything? No, you're all right. So it's OK? Yup. OK, thank you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 