Waking the Dead: Season 5, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Waking the Dead 
 s5e3 - Black Run: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Waking the Dead (2000–…): Season 5, Episode 3 - Black Run: Part 1 - full transcript 
 Ex-cop Eddie Vine summons Boyd to prison, where he is serving life for murdering his partner and best friend, Tom Pallisser. Boyd accepts the invitation expecting a confession. Instead he gets forgiveness and learns that Vine is terminally ill. Boyd is tormented by the possibility that he got it wrong, and sets out to prove to himself once and for all that the right man is behind bars. Boyd is suspended following a hit and run offense whilst under the influence - only he can't remember anything. The remaining team members must find out who framed Boyd and whether Eddie Vine is innocent. Their investigations are interrupted when the Commissioner gives them a new team member to help in Boyd's absence - but the team are convinced she's a plant designed to find incriminating evidence against Boyd. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hi, it's me. How's it going? I'm heading home now. Oh great. I'll keep the bed warm for you. I love you to. I'm alright And what do you want? I've spent eight years in here, eaten up with anger The things I've done to you in my dreams Is that why you've brought me here,  to tell me that? Why did you come? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I thought I might hear something new Well I'm dying Cancer Started in my lungs now it's even in my brain I'm not going to give you any sympathy Huff.. I'm not looking for sympathy Boyd I'm doing this for me Not for you I want you to know that I forgive you. I forgive you I don't need your forgiveness I'm an innocent man. I'll die with my conscience clear. Goodbye Boyd 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'll pray for you So you still think it's the same knife? Well at least an identical one. Do you see how the middle flanges are deformed here, here & here It's called Dupuytren's Contracture Where the ligatures in the palm of the hand contract and the fingers become twisted over time So our victim has a claw hand? Yes, it's believed to be a Viking  characteristic Oh I'm blown away. How's this going to help us ID him Well it's a rare condition, it's heredity,be on his medical records Sorted I'll just get onto missing persons for a missing Viking, should I? Well Surrey CID had this four years ago and didn't get an ID. I think we have a good chance here with this. Don't you think so Boyd? Uh uh yep Well is there anything that you want to add. No, no. Barry, come in What's going on? Thanks very much This is just something that I want all of us to look at We'll get back to the case soon. I'm really sorry I just want to look at this OK Ah....IC3 male Tom Palliser ran Arrow Investigations Corporate Security and Insurance fraud, missing persons. OK you might want to look at that Eight years ago he left work on October 8 and was shot 3 times when he made a call from a phone box Hang on, hang on... this is one of your old cases Yes, yes it is Well it says here you got the killer I did. So why are we looking into it Eddie Vine quit West Bromwich CID to run Arrow Investigations with Tom Pallister now in prison serving a life sentence You may want to look at that as well So this guy was an ex cop Yes, ex cop and all we had was circumstantial evidence and he still claims that he is innocent any new evidence? No. So again, how are we looking into it? Because. Because Eddie Vine is dying. He's an ex copper that killed his partner, you got a conviction, there is no evidence Why are you wasting my time on this? Spence, you just said "ex copper". Vine claims he's innocent I just want to confirm that it's an open and shut case But it is an open and shut case because you got a conviction Excuse me... I'm looking for Detective Superintendent Boyd That's me DC Goodman...I'm here for the interview Oh DC Goodman, would you mind just going into the office there, please I've just want you to look at the case. Just... have a look... yeah? Hurrh.... Do you understand this? Spence, I have never professed to understand the maser nations of Boyd's mind. Not going to start now These are for you. Thank you Stella... you're French I moved back to England when I was 18. My father's English This is very impressive, you've come a long way fast Why do you think that is I'm good at my job Hurrh....I'm going to be straight with you you know we could spend the next hour having a probing discussing about your career and our expectations for you but or I can just be frank and save us both the time Is that a multiple choice question? It's not a question. The truth is I'm not hiring anybody at the moment So this interview...The Deputy Commissioner has got this thing Hurrh...He keeps sending me people every week to interview and ah Sorry. Not to worry Maybe you should tell the Deputy Commissioner not to send anyone any more Ha Ha yes , I think that's a good idea Thank you for seeing me Oh God no uurrr. I'm really very busy, Grace We all are. We're understaffed And now Andy's gone back to Kent CID You're really getting the hang of this interview thing it must have lasted all of a minute Well you know, time just flies by Do you want to talk about it? About what? Why you're finding it so hard to find a new DC I'm not finding it hard, I just haven't come across a suitable candidate I thought you were busy? We'll be fine you know If you say so. Could you shut the ....door Gra.... Would you shut the door!! You weren't kidding when you said we don't have much to go on 3 bullets 9mm Eastern European easily accessed And we don?t have a weapon. No, we never found it Well maybe if it happened today they would have had more to work with Not much difference.. you'd be surprised.. OK 8 years on... yer new toys. Good luck. See what I can do Its always his way. His case. Look at the lists Up to speed yet? Could you give me a chance... please! Thank you. Right. Vine said he was on a job in Coventry on the night of the murder You tracked his mobile and it placed him at the scene Yes, Vine's defense claimed that the mobile was stolen the day before the murder In fact there was a police report confirming the fact And what was your take on it? Well it reappeared, having being mislaid at the police station where Vine worked... so work it out So Vine had help from his police buddies They closed ranks Vine said he was being set up. That the shooter was shadowing him before Palliser was killed yes, even asked the police for protection saying he was next on the hit list And you're sure he wasn't? Well, it's for you to find out, Spence. Vines's motive? Well when he joined Pallister and Arrow Investigation shows he uses police contacts to run black mail and extortion scams proved too much for Pallister so he called someone in Internal Affairs Got that far. You got it? saying that he was going to shock Vine Yes, there it is... the next day Pallister was dead And so they conducted an inquiry and concluded that there was no association between Vine and his officers and yet they all have alibis. Yeah You want a witness Hazel Adam didn't see the shooting but saw Vine leave the crime, yes I'll deal with him. She knows So what do you expect us to do? I would like your usual..cooperation and input, Spence if that's all right. You can start with Martin Doyle private investigator worked along side Vine and Pallister on our investigations. OK got it? OK happiness? Yep peaches & cream. Good If these convictions is unsound...that means you screwed up buddy What is it with him? Ah? Has Vine ever requested a lie detector test? Not that I'm aware of, no unusual, amongst people who are adamant that they are innocent uh, uh I see Pallister had a wife Ah, Sheryl. She also had an alibi, she was in a restaurant with two female friends He also had a very large life insurance policy He was on the phone to him when he was shot , I was the one that took the statement She heard her husband die, Grace Mr Boyd. Sheryl. How are you Ah, I'm sure you're not here to find out how I am I wanted to tell you that we are taking another look; at the case. I'm sorry, would you just give me a second? Thank you What for, why Ah....Vine is dying Good, I hope it's agonizing I know you're not going to want to do this but I need to go through your original statement Well my statement hasn't changed, I dream it every night. I'm in a restaurant with friends, I'm happy. My mobile rings. it's Tom, he says he'll keep the bed warm & he loves me. And I then hear two shots and I'm screaming in a full restaurant And then another shot. .. Silence The man I love is bleeding to death and I don't know where he is I'm sorry This is a formality when the assessor came If I had known that Vine had murdered Tom before I'd made my statement don't you think I'd have lied? What do you mean? I'd have said that Toms dying words were Vine's killed me...anything that would have put that monster away for life I don't want you to have to go through this again He isn't going to walk free again, is he? He can't Ah, don't worry. Everything will be fine. Don't worry. It is usual that the heat generated by firing a gun, destroys any trace of DNA on the bullet Yep It's always worth while looking at the casings. And? Nothing. Right, that's disappointing isn't it? Ha. I'll leave you in peace and I'll go and vent my frustration out here Malcolm Doyle? We could have done this over the phone. Yeah well The case notes say you were far in to the investigations. What was the relationship between Vine and Pallister right up to the run up before Pallister's murder Well if you read the notes, I said that they weren't getting along Why weren't they getting along? We're all done Well Vine was an ex cop, he's used to getting his own way tended to bully....Pallister was quieter, more patient All partners have different work methods doesn't mean that they kill each other Was there anyone else other than Vine who would have wanted Pallister dead You saying toy got the wrong bloke No...we're um...reviewing the case. Its a new procedure I thought you all had enough to do The guys dead, I don't want to start slagging him off No, no. no slag off all you want to it's nothing that we haven't heard Well Pellister was the nicer of the two I afraid there's a lot of nasty secrets in this business you know it's tempting, especially if they deserve it You saying Pallister was a blackmailer No........I'm saying it's a nasty business Vine had a bit of reputation when he was in the Met Don't tell me that Pallister didn't know that when he took him in as a partner Hello, I don't know if you remember me... Mr Boyd how are we. I'm well thank you How are you? I'm very well thank you I was wondering if I might have a word with Hazel, please You'd better come in It was a relief in the end...for both of us. She'd had enough of the chemo. I'm sorry, I'm really sorry I thought about ringing you Well perhaps you should have done She always said she would have never have been able to go on that witness stand if it hadn't been for you How long ago did all this happen Oh it must have been 9 months after Vine went to prison She never complained, she was very brave Yeah, yes she was Hi, its me again, sorry Felix. I need to track down an evidence box Yep.....RN7856 I'm saying that even though Pallister was the acceptable face for Arion Investigations he wasn't no saint Oh that justifies it, does it. Its OK to kill this man Oh of course not, that's not it, I'm saying that he & Vine weren't exactly choosy about about the type of cases they took on Now I went through that client list and it's possible that Vine & Pallister upset a lot of people Your team only talked to a few of them Yeah he was our main suspect, we concentrated on him Tell me about Parks They caught him on camera doing the business, gave the footage to his wife, who used it in divorce proceedings You didn't even interview him. Didn't interview him but investigated him He was a business man from North London. Wait a minute...he had a motive, yes but he's not a hit man Mandy Dawson......... Man... who is Mandy Dawson? Our investigations worked for her husband. 10 grammes of coke was found in her handbag and as a result she lost custody of her children You went to interview her once. We had limited resources, Spence Kevin Fisher.. if these people good to you Spence, you talk to them that's what reopening a care means OK, OK let's just.... How did it go with Hazel Adams. She's dead She died from cancer two years ago Huh, great....we've lost our only witness. Yes So how did it go with Sheryl Pallister? What's she done with the insurance money? There's no need to go into it. Are you absolutely certain she had nothing to do with her husband's death. Yes I'm absolutely certain May I interrupt? Oh yes please do I ran the bullets through the ballistics data base trying to see if they matched any weapon recovered a crime scene. And? I got a result. This Luger 9mm automatic You found the gun that killed Pallister. Yup. That's your murder weapon So how come it wasn't spotted before? Forensics were only set the data base up a two years ago and besides Pallister's investigation was closed. they only check open cases. Do we know who the owner is? No...it was found 7 months ago during a raid on a warehouse. No arrests were made, wasn't linked to any unsolved shootings...Fingerprints? There weren't any. so it was boxed So you're going to check it for DNA now, right? Yep If that's your decision, I thought it was my decision, but I'm happy to go with that decision, Sir I can't think of anybody that I'd rather work with. Ah I look forward to the day. Thank you. and good bye Sir. Yes thank you. So we got a murder weapon, that?s a break We got that French girl to. Oh great she can help us on the Vine case Why did you go and see Vine in the first place? Research had said that Vine would say something that I might not like to hear I don't want to work on the Vine case, Like what? I ....hoped a confession. I don't it coming from the Deputy Commissioner So what did he say? Um..what What is it about this case, did Vine ask you to reopen it? No, it was my decision. Why, why, because he's dying. Do you feel sorry for him? No. Do you feel guilty? About what? His illness. Of course not Oh..so why are you so desperate to prove that you have it right I'm not. So OK do you want to prove that you didn't get it wrong Oh now that's just semantics Grace. I am not desperate Oh...OK OK come on, let's get it over with. I don't want all this Psycho bubble shit let's get it out of the way I do not feel guilty about putting him away. I do not feel that is my fault that he is riddled with cancer I do not have any misgivings about conducting a witch hunt against him Hold it right there, witch hunt, that's interesting. Was there one? No...no. which any it goes your not to blame, are you It's the jury that found him guilty. Your not my therapist. Shit Can I... Can I. OK? Yes...yes. Nice work with the gun. Thanks Spence. Yes? Why did Boyd reopen this case? You know as much as I do Still, I suppose it took some guts It wasn't guts, it was ego He hates to be proved wrong Sorry. Every time I open my mouth I'm...I'm moaning We're overworked under staffed Boyd doesn't want to know us because I'm constantly nagging him Sometimes he can be so sel....Self centered Yeah. And a touch angry He was sent to anger management sessions Really? Didn't work No Still, I suppose it couldn't be easy for him loosing a member of his team He's not the only one whose grieving She was my partner Yeah You would have liked her Look, do you fancy going for a drink? Yeah Ah Mr Vine. Doctor...Foley. I saw your name on the forms. Would you like to sit down? Isn't Boyd coming? No. Yeah I understand And you are? Donald McNeil... Dr McNeil. I'm the prisons chief medical officer. Grace Foley. I just wanted to check if you were going to give Mr Vine any medication He's due to start palliative treatment tomorrow. No, no, nothing invasive, just a few carefully placed sensors, that?s all Good. Right then I'll...leave you to it This shouldn't take long Mr Vine I haven't got long Dr Foley Very strange even after all these years Still feel I should be the one asking the questions Are you an honest man.....No Not always Do you tell lies?.... Yes You were lying when you said you didn't kill Tom Pallister.....No Did you and Palliser agree on everything your agency was involved in? No....Your mobile phone wasn't stolen the day Pallister was murdered... It was. Was it stolen, yes or no.......Yes Did you kill Tom Palliser?.....No Do you hold Peter Boyd responsible for your imprisonment? Yes Spence.....Yes....That's me.....bring her down. Are you alright? Yes. Here, have a seat Ah, I didn't think when you came to see me I've remembered someone. Ah ha There's someone who knew everything that Vine was up to. His name was Timmo ..something He's a photographer. Well Timmo something who's a photographer doesn't give me much to go on does it? Vine used him for all those...sleazy jobs of his Did your husband ever say anything about him? No....why would he? Because he worked with Vine in our investigations They would have both known what Timmo was up to. wouldn't they? Didn't they ever mention him? Right....so....this is what reopening the case means. What? You're going to take the reputation of man who was brutally murdered and tear it to shreds? Well not for me!..Now look Cheryl. Go and talk to this Timmo. No look...it's OK But why didn't you say anything about Timmo 8 years ago? I did...I tried....but you were so convinced you had all you needed on Vine...you wouldn?t have listened Spence, have you come across a man called Timmo in our investigations case histories? No, but there is 6 to 7 people that I would like to bring.....But no Timmo. No Timmo...a dodgy photographer involved with entrapment scams for Arrow Investigations That's the man we need to trace. Just Timmo? Probably short for Timothy...would you get the phone! Grace. what? Spence please yep, yep, yep. Hold on a sec..Well?....I'm sorry.....He passed?...Look don't forget the polygraph is only 90-95% accurate. What does that mean exactly Well above chance but well below the faction. That's why it's not admissible in court Thanks Good I took the photos but Arrow Investigations for time to time. Can't say I knew them that well though That?s not strictly accurate is it Timmo? Vine was running stings, honey traps, blackmail. You did all his camera work, not something he would entrust with a stranger so I will ask you again, were you and Vine mates? Are you mates with everyone you've arrested? Vine arrested you when he was a policeman? Yes Did it ever go to court?.. Course it didn't because after that you worked for them on a regular basis, didn't you Vine would call, tell me where to go, I'd take some shots, maybe some video, hand it over & he'd pay me & that would be the end of it. That would be the end of it? I had nothing to do with Pallister's death Oh come on, I know you didn't kill him but those photographs meant...a lot of other people would have liked to. I've never given it much thought Did you ever meet any of Vine's colleague the other policeman? No. Vine wasn't that stupid. Tom wasn't even part of that team. Did you keep copies of the photographs for yourself? No of course not. Are your accounts in order? What? Every job accounted for? VAT books up to date...maybe I should give Inland Revenue a call, what do you reckon, eh? OK, I made copies Thanks Timmo....Thanks Tim These are DNA traces by the trigger chamber. Great. It's classic base work. So how long will it be before you can run it through the data base? It's in the oven, I'll have it bu midday tomorrow. I'll let you know as soon as I have it. What have you got? Dominic Parks, a name I checked earlier connected with Arrow Investigations, remember? He was a big player in the city was married to Katcha. Katcha. She moved to LA with her 2 year old daughter plus a massive divorce settlement What age are they? Don't know. I appreciate it is always sad when a marriage breaks up Mr Parks, it must have been especially humiliating for you with your wife hanging around with footballers & rappers and all that. It couldn't be easy It wasn't, no. What I don't understand is why you gave her such a large divorce settlement? She's the mother of my child. I loved her. That's very noble of you. Couldn't be anything to do with the fact that she had a little help from Arrow Investigations? Uh? Have you seen these? They're well worth looking at. Did you ever meet Mr Pallister? No. Do you remember what you were doing on the night of October 25, 1997? Well I'm sure one of my assistants can find out for you. You must have been very angry when you received these photographs Mr Parks, but you must have also felt very stupid. Do you ever read the business section of your newspaper Detective Superintendent? I can't see that we would have much cause to do that. Well if you had you would have read that last year my bonus was over 6 million pounds Look the city isn't comfortable with a scandal especially one of it's major bankers......you don't have... Er, I think he does, if you don't mind. Thank you. I made a mistake. I was stupid. I have to live with that I wasn't breaking up my marriage, my wife cad already done that. She destroyed us. So when Vine & Pallister gave these photographs to my wife's lawyer.. You wanted to kill them. What, do you think I'm crazy? With copies of these still in their safe? I thy told me that these girls were underage Banker slips drugs to underage girls, sordid sex romp... Nobody forced you to have sex with these girls Mr Parks Well I can't say I remember much about.....I was drunk That's a shame because you look like you're having a really good time. Have you seen these? Look, if you're trying to frame me....I didn't kill Pallister, OK They cost me my daughter. Yes, one of them is dead and another one is......in jail...and yes, knowing that makes me feel a little better. Right Dominic, you've been more than helpful I assume we're done here? Yeah, I assume we are. Are we? For now. For now Thank you for your co-operation.....Mr Parks What do you think? Well he's very confident despite everything that has happened He thinks he loves his daughter very much, but his main priority is himself He gave his daughter up for his career which gives you a good idea what he's about What I will say is that his bonus and his profile and what he lives for and I can't imagine him giving up status and money for revenge. Every clown on that list could be a blackmail victim So why kill Pallister, why not Vine? Maybe Vine was next on the hit list It's not Vine's DNA on the gun Are you sure? Yes, sorry. Doesn't necessarily say that he didn't pull the trigger No, I understand, I understand that. DNA belongs to to one Jimmy Baxter. This guy started young, car theft, assault, dealing in recreationals. He's been in and out of prison a couple of times during the year And was he in prison when Pallister was shot? No. So he could have done it? Arresting officer DI Gully West Brompton Station Thanks. I'm looking for DI Gully. Over there. DI Gulley...Yes... Detective Superintendent Boyd....Superintendent Boyd....I would like to ask you a few questions if I may? Are you re-investigating one of my cases? I want to find out about one of your arrests And you want my help. Yes, if it not too much of a problem. You're not very popular in this nick, Boyd...we still remember Eddie Vine Some of the lads still find it difficult that he did it. The case I'm investigating in is Vine, so if you think he's innocent.....perhaps you'd like to help me All right. Gully doesn't where Baxter is, last known address is out of date but they are going to keep an eye out for him I've had a closer look at Baxter's CV and around the time Pallister's murder he was on the roster for Porchester Executive Cars Now they provide cars and drivers to companies like banks. Banks?....Yer but not just any bank. The bank that pays Dominik Parks' his bonuses Have I got this right? Dominic Parks who is being blackmailed by Vine and Pallister is linked to the man who's DNA is on the gun that shot Pallister. Yes Baxter, yes Baxter Yep. Baxter drives Parks. Parks needed someone to confide in. They get talking..who knows maybe it starts off as one of those..not me but a friend or someone. And instead of being outraged...He says if your friend wants it sorted he can do it for you for you. That's right blah blah... And Baxter ends up with a part of Parks' bonus You know, it's an interesting theory. Uh uh. So what are we going to do about the DNA on the gun? We are going to have to inform the DPP and also Vine's defense council Thank you. We've got a lead on Baxter. Hello guys. Looking for a gentleman called Jimmy Baxter, do you know him? Don't know...never heard of him. Mr Baxter?...SPENCE Pick it up, pick it up. Don?t touch it. Come let me have a look. What are you a doctor, leave me alone. No no no I can't see any fractures, some swelling we need to watch. Can you get me my coat, please? You could be concussed....I'd like to keep you in after night for observation I'm fine thank you....Dont' even bother. All right Mr Boyd, I haven't got time to argue, I can give you some pain killers, something for the swelling. Avoid alcohol, and call us if you suffer any dissiness or have trouble focusing. Thank you very much. Thanks OK. As a result of fresh evidence that has come to light, a new ballistics report, DNA material not presented in the original trial and evidence linking a possible new suspect to the murder victim Pallister The Defense admits, Your Honor, that there are reasonable grounds to support our client Edward Vine being granted leave to appeal his conviction. Don't touch. God you look awful Boyd. Thank you Grace. Are you OK?.. Great...He discharged himself....Oh right, very sensible. Thanks... There's been some news....Ah?....Vine's Solicitors requested leave to appeal. That was quick wasn't it?...Yes, well he's terminal, I suppose they pushed it through. Cheryl Pallister's been informed, she called you, she seemed a little upset I can imagine. I'd better go and see her You?re not fit enough. Oh well I brought this all upon myself, Didn't I? I'm sorry, I don't understand this, he did it Vine did it....Yes but there is such a thing as reasonable doubt Yes OK but don't go after this other suspect, you can just drop the case, refuse to testify...people do...No it's not the way it works.....Lie. I don't want to I don't want to lie.....Works perfectly for Vine...Yes but it's not about lying It's ..it's about justice, it's about the process, of justice. I need a drink. How about you?.....Yes. Robbie, two whiskeys eh....no actually I'll get them myself I still love him. 8 years, I'm in love with a ghost. It's sad, isn't it?...No, it's not. My friends, they are bored, want me to move on. Yes but they only want what's best for you, they just want you to be happy, they care about you......it's understandable Yeah, but it's hard....you know? Love makes you vulnerable. Yes but that's not a bad place to be in, I mean it not a bad state vulnerability, is it? If you think of the opposite edge of the bridge You have hard and vulnerable. If you stay hard, just a hard person, then you've got no memories or ghost because you've never been in love But if you're vulnerable, that means you've been in love and....what do they say, it's better ....it's better to have loved and lost ....well it's true, otherwise if you just loose...then...what happens, you just loose. Your a looser and you haven't had any love and you just loosing all the time... that pretty, pretty.... Am I making any sense to all this? Just that much.... that's more than I thought though That's good... that's pretty good I think I'd should probably go home, shouldn?t I? Yeah. Right, where's your car? Feel a bit ah, giddy. Yeah well you are going to have a sore head in the morning. Yeah but not from the drink....from the bash This medication..bit of a...bit of a...I'm alright I'm alright really...climb in Sorry ..It's alright...Sorry I don't think I should be doing this...sorry. OK. Pull over.....pull over Slide over, I'll drive. OK, sure? Yes Do you know how to drive..a car? I'll work it out Police...we've just hit someone. But he's driven off.....he's going to hit someone else No...it's a motorcyclist. She's unconscious I'm in Chester Rd Don't die..don't die....please...please you have to help me. Subtitles by Sneff1150 2014 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 