Waking the Dead: Season 4, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Waking the Dead 
 s4e4 - False Flag: Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Waking the Dead (2000–…): Season 4, Episode 4 - False Flag: Part 2 - full transcript 
 Although the mummified body of the young Anglo-Irish man found in the garage with the car bomb is initially assumed to have been working for the IRA at the time of his murder, the team finds that he was actually working for the British, and Boyd has to uncover a tangled web of intrigue in order to discover who is responsible. He discovers that the crime was committed under a "false flag, " a crime committed by one government to make it appear that another one is responsible. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What's going on? Counter surveillance. I need a VCR and a monitor. Not the old ones, they're gone. And Frankie couldn't sweep them anyway because they've got... Electro-magnetic fields. There's a bug in Boyd's car. Who's bugging your car? Who d'ya think? Not the Irish, that's for sure. OK, come on then. From now on... ..all strategy is to be discussed in here. OK? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 OK. Right. There is only one language the terrorists understand, and we know what that language is. The power-seeking personality, hey. Duncan Sanderson. Yes, a psychologist's nightmare. Politicians? Mm. My father's career has taught me the value of not flinching from political opinion... What about detectives? You answered all your questions. Very good work, ten out of ten. I skipped some stuff about potty training. Are you sure you didn't get anyone to help you with this? I'm positive. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So how does an over-controlled, conformist... young kid become an armed terrorist? Huh? Can you work that out for me? Yeah, I have. There's Doyle. There's Alice. Grace! Yeah? I've got that letter... MEL! ..that Doyle wrote to his girlfriend when they split up. Mel! Please, come on, yeah? HE SIGHS HEAVILY Yeah, let's, er... Is this really necessary? Well, let's stick to the plan, shall we? I got the name A Taylor-Garrett and the address from Doyle's coded diary. Oh. I won't explain how it works because it's really complicated. A Taylor-Garrett and the bit that goes on about Loyalist oppression, 4 Leyton Mews, etc. Oh, clever. Thanks, Spence. You said Alice was not likely to be a terrorist. No, she's too fragile. I think she could be suggestible, though. So she could be manipulated by Doyle. Could she provide shelter? She's got a garage that belongs to her. Bombers use garages. Mm, so do mechanics. I wanted you to meet her and talk to her. We've got a search warrant? All dotted and crossed. (OK, good.) And remember, you know... Walls have ears. DOORBELL RINGS Hello? Take this. Alice! Miss Taylor-Garrett? Hello? Jesus! Frankie. Yeah? Frankie. (Oh, God.) POLICE RADIO CRACKLES My guess is it happened last night. She used the stepladder. Her hands were free, there's no visible signs of a struggle. It's classic self-strangulation. All in white. Sir. Oh, no. No. Oh, no. Be calm. Are you monitoring my unit's communications? Your forensics people dismantled a bomb. PERSON, there's only one. It's more than any other unit has. She felt it was safe to continue. Well, standing orders are clear. Terrorist matters are for the Anti-Terrorist Unit. You gave me the case. You do not have a mandate for Irish Terrorism. That goes to MI5. If you want to get Special Branch in on this, fine, but till then, this is my case. And who's this? Director-General of the Security Service. Spence! He wants a briefing. Morning. Detective Superintendent Boyd? Charles Stewart. You asked for files on Duncan Sanderson. I did, sir, yes. What happened here? It's a crime scene. What sort of crime scene? Apparent suicide of a witness, sir. I'd appreciate it if you didn't go in there. If you're investigating Sanderson, you'll need us. No-one ever arrested for the murder of the most prominent politician ever to be murdered in Britain - that reflects on us all. Mr Boyd is proprietorial. That is to be expected. I'm sure he's working on a hypothesis. Yes, I am. Mm-hm. Sanderson's killers could well be politicians by now. Any arrest could be embarrassing, sir. Possible, under the peace process. And it would be politically inconvenient to arrest them. Excuse me. Yeah, sure. I understand I am to be withdrawn from the case. Well, it's fine by us. I'll talk to the Commissioner, see what help we can give you. Thank you, sir. Thanks, Spence. Are you OK? Suits and uniforms. Crap mix. She's wearing a wedding ring. 9th March, 1979. Alice Imogen Taylor-Garrett marries Andrew Edward Collins, company director. Didn't she say she worked for a business man? Yeah, who was based abroad. The name in Doyle's book was A Taylor-Garrett? Not Alice. Yep, just the initial. So what if Collins was using the name A Taylor-Garrett cos she'd lived here a long time and it'd look like he had too, there'd have been bills, legal letters. You're saying he used her as a cover? Yes, a cover upon a cover. (Bastard.) So Doyle went missing in...January? 80. 80. That's just a few months after they were married. Well, ten months after. Yeah, so March '79 to January... And he went missing in January. I wonder if Collins... disappeared at the same time. In January? If she was abandoned, that would explain all this. I've spoken to all the neighbours I could. She kept herself to herself. Nobody mentioned a husband? No. They called her the recluse. Andrew Edward Collins, born Bermondsey, May 20th 1939, died in Whitechapel 1946. He stole a seven-year-old's ID. From a gravestone. Layers and layers. So he WAS a ghost. Through there. Thank you. Guess who? Oh, hi. We've go to stop meeting like this. SHE CHUCKLES Thank you. Thanks a lot. So, a little present for you. I was hoping we'd spend some time alone. The next thing I write you should be my resignation. I should have seen the risk with Alice, I should've taken more time. You're a forensic psychologist, not a mind-reader. Yeah, but all the same. Did you read my question and answer thing? Yes. Wh... Why won't you tell the team the truth about the disciplinary thing? You CAN trust people with the truth. Or is it something we have to sort out? We won't be able to sort it out if you resign on me. True. I'd like to withdraw my report on Doyle. I think I need more time. That's OK. Thanks. "One day, you'll understand that I had to risk my life for what I believe in." GUNSHOT RINGS OUT I need help. At last. I've got an e-mail thingy. Yeah. It's called an e-mail. Yep, but it's asking me something. You've got an attachment. It's saying - do you want to open it? Do I? Here. Oh, I know what this is. OK, print. Yeah, yeah, I know. Thank you. PRINTER WHIRS DOOR CLOSES What's this? Sir Martin Havering's office in Belfast. It was firebombed during his enquiry in the late '70s into police collusion with Loyalist terrorists. Oh, my God. Who sent us this? He did. Why? Well, he gave us the case. I think he wants to make sure that we stay with it. Isn't it about time we started assessing the risks we're taking? Spence? I've had my promotion knocked back. What about this letter, Grace? Doyle wrote the letter breaking off the relationship with his girlfriend. He phrased things with some cunning. Like, "One day, you'll understand I had to risk my life for what I believe in." Clearly not stating what he believed in. Mm-hm. He wrote this stuff in the diaries and the letter to establish an identity for himself. Are you saying this isn't his real identity? It's Gerald Doyle, playing a role. Did you describe this lady as a married woman? Yeah, why? Boyd. Alice Taylor-Garrett was a virgin. I'll get Grace. OK. If she was strongly inhibited, then maybe he fed into that and told her it didn't matter to him. What, he was patient and loving, you mean? Yeah, and then he abandoned her. And disappears into thin air. Shall I continue? Oh, yes, thanks. Thank you. Thanks, Frankie. OK. Thanks. He was shot in Ardoyne. Correct. And another one. Also shot dead. So that's two out of the four people shot dead, according to him, as reprisals for his murder. Yeah, and he knew about all of them. Suppose him, him and him are a three-man active unit doing the bombings. They succeed with him, and their next target is... Yeah. Badda-bing. Badda-bing. But they stopped. Him and him are tracked down in Ireland and shot. And he's shot in London. Covertly. No arrests and no-one pursues this case as... There's no-one to pursue. No-one to pursue. So, why is he then entering... this data in code in a political testament? He... Ah, sticking to the plan now, are we? Grace! He needs to record the information to pass on. To pass on. Doyle's an informer. Exactly. The journals, what have you got? We know the journals contain data, but they also expose a political philosophy of violent subversion. So if anyone saw them, they'd think he was a radical Republican? Mm. We made assumptions about this boy. We thought he'd rebelled against his upbringing and shifted his allegiance to the repressed side of his family background, his Catholic side. But what if he hadn't? You're saying he used his mother's Catholic background as cover? To penetrate a terrorist group. "One day, you'll understand I had to risk my life for what I believe in." The opposite of what we've been thinking he believed in. Yeah. So whose mole is he? Mr Taylor-Garrett. Whoever the hell he is. Would you say your son sought your approval? I used to think he did. Was there any conflict between the three of you? Mrs Doyle, for instance, did she think differently? She hated terrorism even more than I did. Mr Doyle, is there something you're not telling us? Yes. After we left Ireland, a long time after, well... Maraid's family hadn't been very happy that she'd married a British serviceman. Lots of Catholic girls did the same, but when the conflicts got going in earnest, they were expected to show which way their loyalties lay. What happened? Well, we don't have any details. Maraid had a brother. We think that he may have refused to help the cause. GUNSHOT RINGS OUT He was found with a bullet in the back of his head on some wasteland on the Ardglass peninsula. Your son, Mr Doyle, might not have been what he seemed. We think it's possible that he was employed by British Intelligence to infiltrate a terrorist group. And you knew nothing about this? He could have been recruited while he was at university. If he got himself arrested for any reason after he was involved in Nationalist politics, even if he was just detained for questioning, he'd have been a prime target for British Intelligence. We think he only joined these groups to make himself interesting to the Intelligence community. We know about the uncle. That could have been an important motivating factor. So, perhaps he was following in your footsteps rather than rebelling against you. My footsteps? You have the George Cross. You would have been a hero to him. Mr Doyle, I'd like to show you some photographs if I may. This is the original. It's defaced but there's a reflection in the mirror. Does that male image mean anything to you? Here are the enlargements. And this is a specific blow-up of the male image. Hm. When Gerald came back from university, he worked for a man called Andrew. And could this be Andrew? It could be. Do you remember his last name? Collins? Andrew Collins? Andrew Collins. As a matter of fact, I might have a recording of his voice. Sorry? In 1978, I bought an answering machine, one of the first ones. Big thing, electro-mechanical, cost a fortune. It was really so that if Gerald rang home, we'd know. Maraid thought the tapes were for keeping. She didn't realise you recorded over them. What, so you kept buying new tapes? Well, it seemed a reasonable thing to do. Gerald was our only child. It was hard for Maraid, him going away for the first time. And keeping the tapes was a bit like keeping his letters. I haven't told you why I've come. I want to see my son's body. All right. (I'm ready.) HE GASPS Still keeping your hand in, are you, eh, Dougie? And I thought you were ignoring me. No lock strong enough Tim, you remember that. People tell me you've been making calls. They should have locked you up for all this, you know. Listen to me. We know what this is about. You thought Sanderson was a great protector for the regiment, didn't you? VIDEO PLAYS APPLAUSE The security challenges we face today will haunt us forever, unless we meet them with firmness and resolve. There is only one language the terrorists understand. And we know what that language is. HE TURNS VIDEO OFF You'd have done anything to avenge his death, wouldn't you? He didn't survive all he survived to be cut down by cheap criminals. You'd stand up every time, you'd take decisive action, but this time, they were pulling your strings. They made a monkey out of you. They found some body or other. Yeah, the third member of the ASU that did Sanderson. They left him to rot in a lock-up garage. Somebody's mistake there. What's your point? Duncan Sanderson wasn't gonna come down just on the Provos like a ton of bricks. He was gonna clean up at home. He was gonna open up every file, turn over every stone. When someone starts doing something like that, nobody knows where it's gonna end. You're talking shite. Well, you cast your mind back, Dougie, to after Sanderson's death. Four Provos were taken out. They were assassinated, cool as cucumber. Every Prod shooter I know, he gets really razzed up for the violence, but these fellas, no, no, no. They were drilled. They were the best of the best. Did you task them up for it, Dougie? Were you one of them? Because they were my boys, too! We didn't brief you. There was no need for you to know. No, you were just putting on a show to make everybody think that these four Provos took Sanderson out, but you're not thick! You saw the intelligence. You knew that something was wrong. You've gotten away with it for 20 years. I'll still get away with it. They won't arrest members of the regiment for taking out terrorists. No, because there's no ASU to clean up for you. Make it deniable. And this policeman's going to get to the bottom of it. Now, someone gave you an order, Dougie. Now, come on, huh. Who was it? I'm not selling out my muckers to make you look like a flipping saint. We never trusted you. And we were right. DOOR SLAMS SHUT HE PICKS UP PHONE AND DIALS Hello. Um... Could I speak to Detective Superintendent Peter Boyd, please? Sir, it's Spence. Can you call me as soon as you get this? OK, bye. 'I think I found someone employed to penetrate a terrorist cell, 'and I need to know who he penetrated it for.' And he was involved in the Sanderson bombing? I think he carried out the Sanderson bombing. You realise what you're suggesting? We've all heard about undercover agents running the operations to cover, protect their cover. Yes, but no-one has ever suggested a terrorist cell penetrated by our side could be used to assassinate a leading British politician. Whoever was involved thinks it's dead and buried, because even if we find the body in the garage, it could be written off to terrorism. It would have been if Martin didn't have a Cold Case Unit. Sanderson did have a lot of political enemies. The list of suspects in his demise was very long. Not that that justifies his murder. Gentlemen, I do need some specific help, here. Mm? I can tell you something that's not generally known, isn't for public consumption. Yes? Some of the shipments of weapons and explosives in Northern Ireland were intercepted, doctored. Detonators had been tampered with? Rendered harmless. Timers too. Someone who was an agent in an active unit - they could expect to be using dummy detonators. So in the case of the Sanderson murder, he could've been misled? Yes. Which is why in the bomb in the car we found, he'd used an improvised timer. What was he using? A clock. And he'd forgotten to, er... sand down the hands to make a contact. Might not have forgotten if he didn't trust his handler, if he'd been misled on the Sanderson bomb. That's true. So you're looking for an agent handler from 20 years ago. Well, someone must know him, he was undercover. Cover within cover. If his cover was that good, you won't have anything on him. He made mistakes, he left traces. It's only a matter of time. Well, I'll do my best, but our hand mustn't be shown. I'll go through Martin. Thank you, sir. 'Hello, Ma. It's me, I'll be home at seven. I'll see you later.' 'Hello, Maraid, it's Linda from the flower group. 'Um... could you call me back, please. Thank you. Bye.' 'Mr Doyle, this is Pollock & Green. We have your order for collection.' 'Hello Ma, it's Gerald. I'll be home at six.' 'I'm calling for Gerald...' Yeah, like that. Voices calling for Gerald. 'Hello Ma, I'm calling from Dunmurry. I'll try again later...' 'There's a side of you you seem to want to hide.' You think leadership requires deception. It's a false flag you're flying. Everyone knows what flag I'm flying. No, they don't. That's just the point. They think you endangered the unit. And they won't know why you did until you tell them why you did. So you think I should tell everybody I lied? Yes. Yes, I do. OK. It's all right. Thanks, Frankie. So, um... Grace wants to say something. No, no. You do. I lied to Assistant Commissioner Dyson. The difficulty this unit finds itself in is as a direct result of that...lie. Sorry, lied about what, though? Can I? The breach Boyd was disciplined for was my breach. I should have got a warrant, but I didn't. And he made me step to the side and took it on the chin. You said you had authority, and that means responsibility. He didn't want it affecting my promotion. So...he took my bullet. No-one's jeopardised my career. Quite the opposite. Right, so that covers that, then. It doesn't, actually, because what happens now? I shall be submitting my report on Detective Superintendent Boyd, underlining my view that far from being a reckless risk taker with no respect for authority, he sees himself in a very different way. Yeah, sort of touchy-feely. I wouldn't go that far, but... hmph, hey! I apologise. I'm sorry. You didn't know. PHONE RINGS Er... Great. Spence, I think that's your phone. Thanks very much, anyway. Well done. Thanks. Spence. Yeah. Major Cooper's coming back in. PHONE RINGS HE SCREAMS CAR ALARMS RINGS OUT SIRENS WAIL The tape has degraded over time. A lot of frequencies have dropped out but I've got a few like this. 'Hello Gerald? If you're there, pick up the phone. It's Andrew.' That's our guy. OK, I'll run a check on the national recording database, see if I can get any match. Thanks. What are these? The original Sanderson investigation files. A waste of time. We're closer to him than they ever got. How do you know? He's killing people. See you later. Boyd, if I might have a word. 'Do we need armed protection? It would be best.' You have no solid evidence from Cooper? No. Do you have evidence that the Intelligence community were involved in Sanderson's murder? Doyle was this man Collins' agent. He was an engineer, probably recruited as a bomb maker. Collins tells him he's knobbling his detonators so he won't hurt anyone. Doyle says, "That wasn't dummy detonators, I won't do this again." Collins says, "You must do one more or they'll become suspicious of you. "We'll make sure they're dummy detonators. Last time was a mistake." So he sets him up with the Home Secretary's private car, meets him in the lock-up, one last meeting. Shoots Doyle right through the heart. Waits for the whole scene to blow up, nothing happens. He doesn't know Doyle's interfered with the bomb to be doubly safe. For a long time, I've been convinced that Collins was dead. Now I'm sure he's alive. Can you close this case? I'm very close. I can only give you 36 hours. The Security Service has issued an alert of a possible revival of Irish terrorist activity on the mainland. 36 hours. OK, thank you, sir. There's still a bit of a shadow hanging over my team, sir. I've dealt with Dyson. No, it's Detective Sergeant Jordan. He's had his promotion knocked back. You recommend his promotion? I do, yes, unequivocally. Spence. I got my promotion.  Oh, good. Ah, well done. Thank you. Well done. Thank you. I'm assuming you don't mind overtime. Open the door. 'A little light reading for you.' And that's heavy. Excuse me! What do you want? No, it's all right, I'm a police officer. Go on, have a good look. Detective Superintendent Boyd. Yeah. Do you live here? Yes. We tried to call on you before. Well, I've been away. What's your name? Emma Grey. Why do I recognise you? Is Grey your married name? Well, I'm divorced. Are you Emma Sanderson? I was. I'd really like to talk to you if that's possible. Yes, come in. We came to see you about your neighbour, Miss Taylor-Garrett. I scarcely know her. I'm afraid she's dead. What happened? She committed suicide. I'm not surprised. Sorry, I don't mean to sound... We never spoke. I never thought of her as much of a neighbour. That's OK. How long have you lived here? All my life. Well, my parents lived here when they were up in town. Oh, God. What? I'm sorry, I'm just, um... I'm just a little thrown here because... I... I'd got no idea that you lived here. I'm investigating the death of your father. Have...? Have you got new evidence? I can't answer that. But you have re-opened it? Yes. Thank God. I should have looked at the files. I just can't believe it. You'd have known Miss Taylor-Garrett a long time then. I'd say I've NOT known her a very long time. Look, I can't help you about her. I'm sorry to hear the news but... SHE CLEARS HER THROAT Kitchen. Sorry. This is my father's study. I still use it as an office. What do you do? Oh, I'm a political lobbyist. Yeah? Do you mind if I...? No, go ahead. What are you looking for? When was this re-decorated? Oh, it's done every four to five years. Sorry, what are you looking for? I'm not really sure what I'm looking for, but... I just think this room might have been bugged. I don't understand. My father was murdered by Irish terrorists. Well, I'm investigating the possibility that whoever murdered your father was... using Irish terrorism as a cover. I'm sorry, I have no idea what you're talking about. Does this move? Yes. May I? Push it. OK. Thank you. OK, Boyd, I'm in. All right, this is the first one, OK? So I am...at the back wall, 17ft from the front door. 17ft gets me just inside the hanging room. All right, then into the bookcase is another two. Yep, 19ft. OK. And then... Which direction should I...? No, wait a minute. I'm 5ft from the ground. Go towards the party wall. OK, well considering I've just taken two steps into the room, I'll make that 4ft. What have you got? Hmm. A very suspicious looking brick. Will it come out? Yup, it's loose. Just give me a sec. Is it going to take long? It'll take as long as it takes, Boyd. All right. OK, OK. It's coming out. OK, it's out. All right, what's there? Oh, hello. What? You're gonna love this. What is it? Come and have a look. What is it? Come and have a look. Just tell me what it is. I think it's a probe mic. Duncan Sanderson had an office next door, probe mic connection. Emma, his daughter, still lives there, but she never knew her neighbour Alice Taylor-Garrett because she was a recluse. The tragic thing is that Andrew Collins married Alice Taylor-Garrett so he could get access to this space here to bug Sanderson's office. So, walls do have ears. That's right. So do cars. We've got 24 hours left. Who says? OK, thanks. Havering. 24 hours, then what? We lose it. It's OK, you finish it. Yes, we're very close now. I expect to be making arrests within 24 hours. No, I can't tell you the targets. The preservation of evidence is... Hey. Ready? Yup. 'Are you gonna go and do that in your own time?' 'Your own space, your own environment.' The businessman Alice works for is Konstanides, collector of classical antiquities. She buys and sells for him. No skimmed milk. Sorry. No sk... Thank you. Andrew Collins could easily have got to know who Alice was just by watching the mews from the street. But suppose he followed her to the salesroom. Bids against her. Maybe he beats her to a couple of items, says he's made a mistake, offers to let her have whatever it is. Salesrooms have very detailed records, they're for provenance. So we have to check the salesrooms catalogues for whatever address Andrew Collins was using at the time, true or false. 'I'm calling for Gerald. If you're there, could you pick up the phone? 'Gerald, if you're there, could you pick up the phone? It's Andrew...' It's too long ago. You can't say that this is his voice? No, but this could be him, but... I only saw him in the street or when he was working in his garage. Would you be able to identify him? Who's rubbed his face out? Alice, we think. He didn't plan to leave any pictures. He went to great lengths to protect himself. You can turn this off now! TAPE STOPS PLAYING Thank you. Do you remember anything about your father's working life? Yes, I remember some. I remember him always working late having meetings in his office, my mother asking why he couldn't hold them in the Commons. Do you have any idea what they were discussing? He was preoccupied with national security. Ah, hence the late-night meetings. He seemed to think... there were people in the security services who were... unreliable. And he was in a position to know. Will you find him? Yes. We'll find him. Salesman confirmed lot 56, a Sumerian cylinder seal, knocked down to Andrew Collins, 32 Llewellyn Mansions, SW1. And here, lot 167, same buyer, a broken horse. I know where this is. Hi. Don't leave me now, will you? Hello. The people who murdered Major Tim Cooper were explosive experts. Mm-hm. You've always used a special SAS detachment for security work for years, haven't you? Correct. Could you give me the names of those men that you used when you were in charge of G Branch? If you do that sort of work for the state, you expect a lifetime's loyalty and anonymity. I'm prepared to help you, but I need to know what evidence you have. Because, if you have none... We have an eyewitness. Duncan Sanderson's daughter. She lives in the Sanderson house in London. She remembers the circumstances of her father's death very clearly, and has information that's never been brought forward before. Such as? The remote monitoring of her father's office. The man who almost certainly carried it out. Will she recognise him? Yes, she's certain of it. The information that you're requesting is very tightly held. It will take time. Well, I would appreciate that information as quickly as you can possibly get it, if that's all right. You've known all along? I had no evidence I could use. Have you got evidence now? Did you intervene to make sure we were given the case? You know I did. Knowing it might go nowhere. Be our historian, Boyd. Keep us honest. He's a very arrogant man. He believes in his own infallibility. You haven't given me my answer about evidence. I won the QPM in 1995. I know, I awarded it to you. In this office. Yes. When did he give you this? When you went to Belfast? Before. When I caught the Tower Bridge bomber. A token of his regard. What was his job at the time? Head of G Branch in the Security Service. Terrorism. Yes. SHE TURNS THE TAP ON SHE BRUSHES HER TEETH BEEP Armed police! Don't move! You're under arrest for the murder of Timothy Cooper. I should get a medal for offing Cooper. What were you expecting for murdering Emma Sanderson? People like you know nothing. Some of us...make the sacrifices, and some of us sit on our arses and take the benefits. BEEPING I cut the red one this time, Boyd! Prince was a former contract agent of ours. His contract has just ended, has it? You know I'm entitled to arrest you for conspiracy to murder. You know, I've kept a close watching brief on your investigation. As you did with Duncan Sanderson. Sanderson was actively planning the use of the army to take civil control in the event of things going against him in an election. You don't have to take my word for it. You can hear him yourself, I've got the tapes. Secret briefings. Detailed orders for a military takeover. Who will be looking after your democratic freedoms then? Justice is a luxury. Some of us have to fight to keep it. So you murdered him. No, I didn't. Oh. A former contract agent murdered him on your orders. You've got proof of that, have you? No, I haven't. Boyd. You don't think they'll put him on trial, do you? For God's sake. He protects the state. The state is in no position to disown him for it. You will resign though, won't you? Promise me that. Early retirement, health reason, yeah? And there'll be no trial? Prince will be tried. There'll be a Public Interest Immunity Certificate. The trial will be in camera. Behind closed doors, justice not seen to be done. Your son was not a terrorist. In my heart, I never believed that he was. So justice is done, isn't it? Some, I hope. Bye. Thank you. Bye-bye. You all right? Yeah. Subtitles by BBC Broadcast - 2004 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 