Boss: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Boss 
 s2e3 - Ablution - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Boss (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 3 - Ablution - full transcript 
 Kane grows increasingly infatuated with his new senior aide, Mona, allowing himself to get swept up in her passion for the subsidized housing project. Ben Zajac and his wife, Maggie, run the risk of alienating themselves from Kane when they take the reins of Zajac's gubernatorial campaign. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Man: Ladies and gentlemen, Tom Kane! - ( Gunshots ) - Man ♪2: Shots fired! Get me an ambulance now! - ( Sirens blaring ) - Ron: At 4:38 this afternoon, an assassination attempt was made, and Chicago Police Department is pursuing any and all leads as we speak. - You need to do something! - What kind of man sends his own daughter to jail? Don't you fuckin' dare to judge my actions. Ian: If you wanna get back at him or make him pay in any way, you can't do it from the bottom of a glue tube in county jail. Rick: Kane explicitly forbade you from speaking to press. This is a gift from the gods. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We'd be crazy not to squeeze it for all it's worth. Seems that Dr. Harris didn't disappear after all. What? Am I imagining things or did you call me two weeks ago from Arizona? - I was on sabbatical. - Sabbatical or exile, Dr. Harris? The Lennox Gardens vote is on. Would a promissory note towards your reelection campaign help our cause here? Mona: What in God's name happened to you? You're not standing here but for my generosity. We can talk off the record, I hope? Do you know anything about Kane seeing a Dr. Ella Harris? I don't understand. Are you saying he's sick? Muscle rigidity, whole-body tremors... it's progressing. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Tom: Hallucinations have been minimal. - Boss? Dr. Harris: Mr. Mayor, you have to know your best days are behind you. Mayor Kane cannot have such unchecked power. ( Chamber murmuring ) I thought I taught you a lesson. Change... whether we have the wherewithal to make it. For on my watch at Lennox Gardens, mistakes were made. Motion to vote. There's a community there, not just a record of administrative blunders. It won't go away with an architectural face-lift. I wanna make sure this project turns out right. - Perhaps you should come work for me. - What? - Tom? - Who let him in to see my wife before I do? Ian: I spoke with the warden and parole board about the possibility of house arrest for Emma. They seemed willing to consider it in light of family circumstance. Doctor: The ballistic trauma caused a severe pulmonary laceration. - Did... - What? Did you do this to me? ( Theme music playing ) Boss 2x03: "Ablution" Original air date on August 31, 2012 ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ I heard the voice of Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down. ♪ ( Vocalizing ) Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com ( Footsteps approaching ) ( Organ music playing ) Priest: Have mercy on me, God, in Your kindness. In Your compassion, blot out my offense. O wash me more and more from my guilt and cleanse me from my sin. My offenses truly I know them; My sin is always before me. O see, in guilt I was born, a sinner I was conceived. Morning, sir. A fucking nightmare, this thing. Hopefully you won't have to wear it much longer. - How's Mrs. Kane feeling? - Improved. - Budget projections. - On your desk. - My daughter? - The sheriff will drop her off at 7:00. I've cleared your evening. She's been authorized for visits to her NA meetings and I've emailed you the contact information of her parole officer Dave Hoffman. I thought you might like to speak with him personally. He'll be in charge of her monthly tests. When can I expect to hear from the Superintendent of Police? - Man: Morning, Mr. Mayor. - It appears the Cook County State's Attorney will be point on the shooting investigation, given its high profile. Doyle. When's he coming? He said he's available later this afternoon, but would prefer to meet at his office. ( Chuckles ) Here. ( Laughing ) 10 minutes. Doyle: "You're a disease. If I see you on the street, I will fuck you up. I will fuck your daughter. I will fuck your wife." So you have reason to believe that she might have been the target? Not yet, no. It's possible, though. "You're a parasite of lies and I am your worst enemy." Hundreds of these. And all have been dealt with by the proper authorities. So unless you're telling me that you have proof that one of those troglodytes shot my wife, I implore you to get to your point, Jeff. My point, Tom, is that you're not exactly short on enemies. There was a time, was there not, when I could count you among them? You were cleared. I repent. I've moved on. Have you? The ultimate objective here isn't merely prosecution, it's conviction. Whoever did this cannot, on my watch, get off on a technicality. - Time must be taken... - My wife nearly died. And while she relearns how to breathe, I'm a prisoner in my own home, shuttled to work every day by armed guards, strapped into a vise every time I wanna step outside, and you have the gall to sit there, reciting the ramblings of the deranged. Why hasn't the shooter been found? Lack of physical evidence at the scene and the inordinate number of people who hate you personally or hate what you do politically. We're exploring all we can as quickly as we can. That said, if there is anything that could have bearing... moves you've made, conflicts, entanglements... it would help to hear them. Conflicts, entanglements, moves... you've just described my job. And in 20 years, no one's ever shot at me for it. Well, now someone has. ( Heart monitor beeping ) ( Gasping ) ( Crying ) God damn it. I don't anticipate any hardball questions coming to you, but if they do... I pivot back to you... strength, character, courage. Relax, Ben. We've been here before. - This is national. - It's still a camera. You think the kids are up for this? They're the whole reason we're doing it here. Do we really need to go over all this again? No. You look beautiful. Treasurer, Mrs. Zajac. I'm Sandra Klein. - Sandra. Ben, please. - Maggie. - I love that suit. - Thank you. You look great. You feeling okay? I hope this hasn't been too disruptive. Well, I admit I was a little resistant to having my home taken over, but it's been pretty painless. I'm glad to hear it. So, we'll start with the two of you, - then cut and bring in the kids. - Sounds good. Maggie, can you talk about what you were feeling in the moments surrounding the shooting? You can't really put it into words, the feelings. It all happened so quickly. I heard a crack. Mrs. Kane fell, and then Ben was on top of me. Sandra: Did he say anything? Do you remember? ( Voice breaks ) "You're safe." "You're safe." - Sorry. - Sandra: Don't be sorry. - Do you need a minute? - No. ( Chatter ) ( Car horn blaring ) - Feels light. - Shit's slow. Sounds like a personal problem. Yeah, well, we all got problems. Them Radiohead, beanie-wearing motherfuckers get to rolling... Is that right? What I hear... the mayor got plans. Look at you. Young nigga get himself a suit, reads the paper, and suddenly he's wise to how shit works. All I'm saying is if you think your cut light now... Son, your time will come. Meanwhile, don't go trying to get in shit that ain't your domain. You know what I mean? ( Car engine starts ) Darius: Hey, T. - Hey, let's see if this... - T. Damn, coz. Hey, man, I need a place to crash, man. You need a motherfuckin' bath. - Bad. - Yeah, that, too. What about your girl? - What about her? - She out. She didn't call you? Pssh. I mean, you know, she not exactly reachable. Man, man... but listen, man, you gonna help me or not, man? What the fuck you done got yourself into now? I just need a place to crash. That's all, man. - And this is with, what, 20% Section Eight? - ( TV playing ) - 15. - We need to look at upping subsidized housing to 25%. - If we tie it to a work requirement... - That's not viable. 25 triggers additional funding from HUD. That coupled with additional cost-cutting measures... Ian: The number McGantry came in with is reasonable. And that conclusion's based on? This report from the Community Development Commission and this one here from City Planning. Sir, there's no reason not to move ahead with the proposal as is. "Nothing is irreparable except a willing capitulation to the status quo." Your words, sir. And this is exactly that. Now, if you wanna go that way, fine, but then I can't see any reason for me to be here. Your alternative? Open up the project to competitive bids. Make it clear to the usual suspects there will be no skim, no graft, no ghost hires, then use the savings to better the community... a health clinic, a technology center. There's no tax revenue in a health clinic. And what's the point in rehabbing the place if it's just gonna stay a ghetto for poor people? These sorts of projects raise people out of poverty, which broadens the tax base. Competitive bidding is a declaration of war against McGantry, who just happens to be the single largest contributor to the mayor's PAC. And those usual suspects? They're the same people pulling votes for us on election day. You think they do that out of the goodness of their hearts? Thanks for that. Maybe when we're through here, you can explain how to play Tic-tac-toe. Sir, displacing the residents of Lennox Gardens will affect your support in the African-American community across the board. And votes aside, the city's budget has been running at a deficit for near a decade now because of projects like this one. Something has to give. I'm not suggesting that we open all projects citywide to this process. I'm talking about one project, doing this one thing differently. And if it works, maybe you've got a new way forward. ( TV continues ) - ( Volume increases ) - Sandra: Do you remember what ran through your mind in the moment you heard the shots? I can't say there was much thought involved. It was a gut instinct, really, to protect my wife. - ( TV turns off ) - ( Remote clatters ) Is there some misunderstanding about this campaign? Some belief that it actually bears autonomy? - No, sir. - Good. I'll talk with McGantry about cutting costs. In the meantime, bump up Section Eight to 25%, see what that gets us. Yes, sir. Hey. Hey. You look good, relaxed. So, look, I'm... I have a lot that I need to apologize for, and I'm grateful you're giving me a chance to... What do you want, Ben? I want you back. Rick knows the drill. You'll be fine. I fired him. The guy's got his head up his ass. No idea how to run a competitive race. - Have you been watching the numbers? - No. Mm. Walsh is making a play for Cook County. Twice as many events in town in the last few weeks than the whole of her last run. She's within five. I'm out of the game. You're quitting? Everything? I don't believe you. Believe what you want. Yeah, there's no way you'd walk away. It's who you are. How are your kids? They're fine. They're great, actually. Come on. You can't tell me you don't miss it. Don't call me again. It's been awfully quiet without you at home. It'll be nice to have some life in the house again. How was the meeting with Doyle? No need to concern yourself about that. Just focus on getting better. Any idea who the shooter is? No, not really. It's not likely that you were the target. You're safe here. - And you? - Just a precaution. They've stepped up my security. No need to worry about me. - How can I not? - I'm fine. Emma's coming home tonight. I've arranged for house arrest. - ( Grunts ) - Putting her in her old room. When was this decision made? You'll need help when you return. She can provide that for you. Giving her an opportunity to contribute to the family could be a good thing for all of us. I'd suggest you temper your expectations, Tom... about everything. Emma... Thank you. ( Door slams ) ( Rummaging, thudding ) - Emma, I've got your... - ( Glass shatters ) ( Sighs ) Well, somebody has to have an in at Doyle's office. - Yeah? - I need your okay. - What? - Garfield Ridge community meeting on the Lennox Gardens relocation. Yeah? This my only option? No, but that's the best one. - ( Knocking at door ) - Yeah. CPD released the file on Ezra Stone's murder. - Well, it's about damn time. - Man: Can I get a yea or nay on this before you fall down the rabbit hole again? Yeah. Sorry. Wait, hold on. Is this even the same meeting? - Same neighborhood. - Oh, you're killing me. - Go with Driscoll. - You sure don't like selling newspapers, do you? Fine. Fuck. Use the screamer. - Get out. - Forced entry. Place was ransacked, showed signs of a struggle. Shocker of all shockers... looks like it's a botched burglary. ( TV playing ) ( Changing channels ) ( TV turns off ) ( Distant chatter, car horn honking ) Honey? I answered your phone by mistake. - Sorry about that. - Who is it? She wouldn't say. She has an accent, though. This is Kitty. How's our girl? On her feet. She'll be home soon. I miss our meals together. I'd like you to take a look at the numbers on the Lennox Gardens project. Your proposal. Why don't we get right down to it, then? It's a little higher than it needs to be right now. I wasn't aware it differed that greatly from any previous proposal we've ever submitted to your office. Which is the problem. We hire the subcontractors you tell us to. Maybe you should take this up with them. I will. But let's not pretend that your costs aren't inflated as well. Wouldn't dream of it. Listen, I'm sure we can find an acceptable compromise. Say, instead of cost plus 50, maybe cost plus 20? You know, I've always admired your ability to separate the business from the personal. This isn't. Well, I'm glad to hear that. It would be unfortunate if our symbiosis were threatened by petty matters, no? Unfortunate indeed. Excuse me for a minute. Sir, I don't mean to bother you. I just wanted to say we're real happy that Mrs. Kane is going to be all right. We were all praying for her. Thank you. That's very kind. I'd shake your hand if... but... - Right. - Good luck to you. You, too. Did you get it out? Look, I'd rather it not come to this, but if you're unwilling to work with me, I can open up the process to competitive bids. So, this is about the reelect? It's about a new approach to a unique case. It's a run-down housing project, Tom. I hope this isn't some posttraumatic search for absolution. The riots in the Gardens were a tragedy, but they were 20 years ago. I need a lower number. I'll have my guys take a look at it, see if they can work something out. ( Bell dings ) ( Button clicks ) ( Bell dings ) You know the Gardens aren't coming down without a fight. It's gonna get ugly. Too many people got too much to lose. But you know all about that, don't you? You know what I know? You and Kane are cut from the same cloth. Only real difference... you're powerless to get a damn thing done. ( Bell dings ) ( Crying ) Pssh. Darlene! Come get this damn kid. All right, coz. Here you have it. Welcome home. Yeah, you're welcome. She's all yours. Lock up. Sir. How was lunch? Sorry? Competitive bids. How long will it take? Ian on computer: I can pull together a list of development firms, - start making some phone calls. - Mona: I got it. Too much work for one person. Might as well divide and conquer. - I said I've got it. - Look, I can be an asset here. I spent two years with Ted Schachter before Driscoll's office. I've seen your resume. If I'm being kind, it seemed embellished. And speaking of Driscoll, she's all over my call sheet and the mayor's. If you're not gonna sack up and tell her yourself, I'll have to. Please excuse me. Gwendie: Miss O'Neil. - ( Door closes ) - Sorry about the logistics of the meet. - You know how the trail can be. - Not a problem. - Kitty, thank you so much for taking the time. - Senator. - Anything else you need, ma'am? - No, thank you, Gwendie. Have a seat. ( Sighs ) So, she's headed back to Springfield to manage my Senate seat, and I need some heavy hitters out here on the trail. Okay, just to be clear with you, I'm not interested in providing oppo research for you or anyone else. I don't know what happened with Kane, and I don't care. Your past has no bearing here. Right, but my crossing the aisle would be political suicide. Let's be frank. Social issues aside, it's pretty much a race to the middle these days. I'm confident any ideological concerns you may have can be worked out to our mutual satisfaction, because unlike most men I know, I'm open to new ideas. You just need a fresh start, Kitty. I'm offering you parity. This is a team, not a fiefdom. You'd be a partner, not a servant. Just tell me you'll consider it. He had his checkup. The doctor's waiting for you. Thanks. Take a deep breath. ( Breathing deeply ) How've you been feeling? Well, considering. Any physical symptoms? Tremors? Muscle rigidity? Not since that night at the hospital. When you skipped a dose? Yeah. Well, that's good news. Stress tends to exacerbate the symptoms, but I'm glad to know we're keeping them at bay at this dosage level. - And what about your personality? - ( Slurping ) Any shifts? Usually I'd speak to family members about this, but under the circumstances... Yeah, hardly the proper time to gauge that particular symptom, don't you think? - Still. - ( Slurping ) Same old prick I've always been. Any hallucinations? As a matter of fact... - You're having one now? - ( Slurping ) Pardon? Auditory or visual? ( Slurping ) Both. Do you feel they're hindering your ability to function? Tell her the truth, Tom. You're losing your damn mind. Nothing I can't handle. Ian: I'm not here to make your life difficult. - Yeah? Then why are you here? - Mayor Kane has concerns. - I'm here to express them. - Yeah, and you've done that. So what now? I'm supposed to clear every word through you? You are. ( Scoffs ) This is insane. I'm not sure how things worked with my predecessor, but my voice is the voice of the mayor. - Wow. - I'm sure we can come to some sort of compromise. There's none to be had. The mayor's support is contingent on this new protocol. What does he expect? I've been iced out since the primary. Then we get traction and you waltz in here with your fucking protocol? I have a race to win. I don't have time for this shit. Kane's gotta make up his damn mind... in or out. This after-the-fact bullshit... this isn't gonna fly. I think what Ben means to say is that we are grateful for the mayor's support. Whatever we can do to further his agenda, we are happy to do. Ben spent a fair amount of time at the Housing Authority. - Maybe he can be useful... - I'm sorry. I'm not clear what you have to do with any of this. She's my campaign manager, and you're gonna deal with her from now on. If you'll excuse us. Apologies. I wasn't aware. None necessary. - Ian: We'll be in touch. - Mm-hmm. Are you sure? You don't want the job? Fuck, it's us against the world. We might as well make it official, right? I'm gonna tuck the kids in. You've got fund-raising calls to make. Mona: This is the most promising... Young and Mortensen. In addition to all the requirements, they've included Silver Level LEED certification. - What about McGantry? - Nothing new from them yet. If you'll notice, Y and M were able to cut costs in a number of key ways. What's your take on the kid? Who? Mr. Ian Todd. Oh. Um, he's eager, driven. Green, though. He has a lot to learn, certainly smart enough to do it if he cares to. An interesting background. Work in the private sector. Could be useful on a project like this. He'll fit in. I wonder what it's like to take the shape of the space you're in. Not enough water in the world. This project's certainly more complicated than anything he's dealt with. Might not be the best proving ground. I've gotta get a new number from McGantry. Keep the kid in the loop. He's got potential. Doyle: Is there some reason you neglected to mention him? ( Sighs ) Truth be told, I forgot about it. It seems your security team forgot as well. There's no report of this altercation on file. Do you know who the gentleman in the photo is? He is an acquaintance of my daughter's. I'm assuming there's estrangement there, particularly after her arrest. Do you have reason to believe she or anyone in her life would be interested in doing you harm? He was concerned about her well-being. I bring this up to you only because if there is some underworld element in play here, we should be made aware. I can't imagine he had anything to do with it. Well, we'd still like to identify and interview him. As I said earlier, it's essential that we shine a light into every corner. The shots came from 700 yards away, and you bring me a two-bit drug dealer. Fucking embarrassing. You can see yourself out. ( Sighs ) Come in. - The prodigal one. - Not exactly. Don't hover. Horror show in here. I'm clearly lost without you. I doubt that. Hmm. See this shit? Isn't this from that meeting last year about the blizzard response? I yelled at some son of a bitch over at the "Sentinel," but it doesn't matter. They've printed a retraction no one's gonna read. - ( Sighs ) - Damage done. So, you're here to make it official? You had to know it would come to this. Should never have let you go, tenacious as you are. Can't begin to tell you how grateful I am. Not sure how I can ever repay you. Mm, Kane's right-hand man? I'm sure we can think of something. And betray the mayor's trust? Sure, that's likely. Whoo. Tom: How are you feeling? - ( Sighs ) - ( Glass bangs ) Emma, I know this situation is not your ideal. I'd like to think we could at least... Emma, please. - I need to talk with you. - Well, I don't wanna hear it. It's about your friend, the one from the clinic. He's a person of interest in the investigation. What, Darius? Why would they even think that? Well, he came to see me, before. What did he say? He wanted me to get you out. Do you love him? Emma, please, I have to know. I have to know what you told him. I have to know what he knows about me. You. Well, Darius doesn't know anything. But me? Ha, I knew better. I am so stupid, so unbelievably stupid, to trust you. This house is a prison, and don't you dare try to pretend otherwise. My dear. Babe. Hello. - I wasn't expecting you, was I? - No. I'm sorry. Will you indulge the intrusion? Glad to see you looking so well. A woman of your fortitude... I had no doubt you'd make a speedy recovery. Long road ahead yet. Well, I hope it's not too long before you can resume your duties. I don't have the rapport with your husband that I do with you. A man's ego can be cumbersome, but I have faith the two of you will warm to each other in time. Well, I'm not sure we have time. Did you know he's opening up the Gardens to a competitive bidding process? I'm choosing not to concern myself with these matters at present. I'm sure you can understand why. Yes, of course. It's for appearances only, I assume. - ( Sighs ) - That's what it seems, anyway. But some reassurances would be appreciated. You're going to have to talk to my husband about that. Of course. Is this a fucking joke? Correct me if I'm wrong, but this is exactly the same shit McGantry sent over weeks ago, is it not? Mostly, yes. He removed a line item for courier fees. - Saved a couple thousand. - Courier fees. Insatiable son of a bitch thinks he can just... I always loved how clean it seemed when the snow would fall. But it's spring now. So wash it all away. Yes, that's right. Sir? Soon it'll be summer, then fall, then it's 10 years later. These people have waited long enough. Your guy... this Young and Mortensen. - Mona: Yes, sir. - Think they can actually hit that number? Assuming you can deal with the subs. Pull the trigger. Ian's not wrong. A reversal like this... there will be blowback. We should set some meetings for the aldermen whose contracts are affected. Ortiz'll squawk the loudest. Start with him. Ian: What about Moretti? You want me to brief him? - I'd rather handle that. - I'll make the announcement. Mona, can you give us a minute? Yes, sir. - ( Door opens ) - And close the door, please. Sit. How are you and Mona getting along? Fine. You weren't on board, moving away from McGantry. I'm wherever you are, sir. - I want you on Mona. - Sir? Paying close attention. - Do you have concerns? - Quite the opposite. - I think you can learn a lot from her. - Of course. I'll study her closely as long as she's here. - Meaning? - Oh, I just figured she was... A perfect way to position yourself for a run is all I meant. Figured she'd want to take on Ross next year. I hired you both for a reason. Never question my judgment. That's all. J-Just a minute. - I heard you were out. - Sorry I didn't... - No. - It's been hard. It's cool. It's cool. I'm glad to see you, though. You, too. I've been worried. I could tell. Shavon... that was you? She took care of you? - Thanks. - Okay. You shouldn't be here. ( Scoffs ) I see how it is. You do? How is it? Back in Daddy's house, trying to be a good girl. Don't be like that. I got nothing left because of you. Do you get that? I know. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Listen, you have to get out of Chicago. My father, he doesn't allow loose ends. Now I'm a loose end? - Look, I know this is all my fault. - Wow. I should... Listen, you just... you have to go, please. Come with me. I can't. Why not? Please, just... just go. ( Over TV ) I'm Ben Zajac, and I approve this message. Announcer: Paid for by "Zajac for Illinois." - Sir? Lunch. - Oh, great. You know what? You can just put it right there on the table. Woman: Oh, I love this one. You look so distinguished. Everybody thinks so. Yeah? Everybody? I posted it on Facebook. ( Both laugh ) - Well, thank you for that. - Of course. Well, enjoy your falafel. - Hey, Patty. - Yes, sir? What do you want? - Me? - Mm-hmm. Yeah, you. Come on in. Close the door. Have a seat. You've been working so hard lately. What is it you're hoping for if I win? When you win. ( Chuckles ) Yeah, that, too. I don't know. Handle correspondence maybe? I mean, I wanna go to grad school eventually, but I'm still trying to figure... ( Giggles ) I can't tell you how long I've been thinking about this. Oh, yeah? Yeah. ( Zipper zings ) Ooh, there you go. Kitty: God, you're relentless. Some say that's my most endearing quality. Some who? Well, you, I was hoping. This all seems on the level. Except there isn't a shred of police work done after the initial report. But don't you think Kane would be pushing the PD on this? I really don't know. You should probably ask someone who works for him. I'm asking you. I don't know... it feels wrong. It doesn't feel wrong to you? I don't know what you want me to say. These things happen. - ( Heart monitor beeping ) - These seemingly random things. Now I'm going to insert the cannula. Kitty: I understand wanting to find meaning in it all, but sometimes it's just what it seems to be... a mistake, an unfortunate event. Doctor: You may feel some slight cramping when the suction starts. Kitty: Sometimes you just... you just have to let it go, move on. Nothing there, Sam. Well, you look really nice. Thanks. New job, actually. First day. I gotta go. New job? Who for? Walsh. Wait. What? Are you... wait a second. That's... how the hell did that happen? I gotta go. Okay, but this isn't... I'm not done with you. - Oh, really? - Yeah, really. ( Scoffs ) I'm gonna call you. As long as it's not about Stone. Tom: I'd like to thank you all for coming on such short notice. - ( Cameras clicking ) - I have a brief statement. Today, it is my great pleasure to announce that we've taken a substantial step forward on the road to a revitalized and reimagined Lennox Gardens. From the start, I have been determined to approach this project from a new perspective. Come clean, Tom. Wash it all away. To that end, we have employed the development firm of Young and Mortensen. Creative and driven, they have offered a vision more compelling than my wildest dreams could have conjured. They are efficient and committed, and I look forward to a long and fruitful relationship. We're gonna slow this train down to a motherfuckin' crawl. Tom: It is no secret the fabric of this city is woven with threads of venality and honor alike, but I will offer this message to those who would seek exorbitant profit from this project... an honest day's work will garner an honest day's wage, but avarice will not be tolerated. Greed stops here. It is a new day for Lennox Gardens. Spring has come to Chicago. - Thank you. - ( Reporters clamoring ) ( Sniffs ) - I don't know what to think. - Can't Jason have my peas? - I don't want them. - Jason has his own peas. But this is a good thing, right? What you wanted? ( Keyboard clicks ) Did you see his press conference? - Bor-ing. - Don't be rude. Jason, eat your peas. You think he's good for it? I want to, obviously, but... there are these moments where he seems elsewhere. ( Phone ringing ) At first I thought it was some sort of test, like he was playing me or something, but... but now I think he might be legitimately shaken by all this. - ( Ringing continues ) - Sean: Before I forget, the gas company came out. Something with the main line. We had to clear the house for a couple hours. Mona: But they fixed it, right? Alissa: Can we talk about kid stuff now? Mona: All right, bitsy, your turn. - Today I blocked three kicks. - Mm! - Sam only blocked one. She got scored on, too. - ( Ringing continues ) Hello? Who? Thanks. They got him, Stoney... the man who shot her. They got him. Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 