Boss: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Boss 
 s2e7 - The Conversation - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Boss (2011–2012): Season 2, Episode 7 - The Conversation - full transcript 
 Kane's alternative treatment seems to have worked and he is back in control of his city. Meredith moves full force into her role as Chicago's First Lady but she soon discovers Kane's obsession with his aide, Mona. Kane must remedy his public perception even if it means making an old friend collateral damage. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I am the goddamn mayor of this motherfucking city! And I want this hole fixed now! Mr. Langley has previously undiagnosed open-angle glaucoma. - To take that shot... - Motherfucker. - Where'd you get the urine? - I don't understand. Bulbocapnine... used to induce a severe stupor. Grandpa, did they do this to you? Hell no, we won't go! Mr. Zajac is this an attempt to get back into your wife's good graces? Don't resist. I love you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Where is the mayor? - You'll be apprised soon enough. Until then, I believe you have a job to perform. You have been paid, so may we start the fucking treatment, please? With the first injection, the pain may be sharp. After hours of seemingly unending violence, the toll of injury and destruction is growing. CPD shot an unarmed kid. We've always had a mutual respect, Mac. We have, you being cut from the same cloth as your father. 20 years ago, we urged Tom to ask for a deployment of the National Guard. I'd like to hear it from him. You will, in due time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Sam. - Yeah? The papers on your table, Rosebud. I'm pretty sure the handwriting's Stone's. Boss 2x07: "The Conversation" Original Air Date on September 28, 2012 ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down ♪ ♪ I heard the voice of Jesus Christ ♪ ♪ Satan, your kingdom must come down. ♪ Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com I love you. There are tanks in the streets. How did we get here, to this fractured state? In the last 48 hours I've become clear on many things. Most importantly that I am at my strongest when we are aligned. Your concerns were founded. I cannot do this alone. I need a tether should I again become unbound. I need a mirror. Someone who knows, someone who sees things as they are. I need you. We have much to discuss. I understand the press is camped out in front of City Hall. Yes, sir. We need an explanation. Casualties during the turmoil? 47 injuries. Four of those were cops, two firemen. Only one fatality, a looter. 17 years old shot by CPD. The unrest has been tamped down thanks to the Guard, but the stories we floated to cover your absence, - they won't hold. - Get Cullen. Sir, if we want the explanation to hold, we're gonna need to fill in details. The public was told one thing, the council another. Ignoring the problem won't make it go away. I have the mayor. The press is not gonna let up. - We need to be prepared to... - Sir. Mac. Nice to hear from you, Tom. Been a while. Listen, we're grateful for your help during this chaotic situation, but I think it's time for the boys to go home now. You're feeling confident it's all under control then? I am. Far be it for the state to overstay its welcome in your great city. Swift and orderly, we'll be on our way. Thank you. Everything all right with you, Tom? Love to Edie. What's the price tag on that little operation? Around 10.3 million. Can't imagine any mayor wanting the state to bear the cost for his city's mistakes. Tom. Thank you, Meredith. Sir, someone on the council will leak what they were told. Someone or your former employer? Ross certainly poses a threat. Personally, I wouldn't have... I respect the need to keep your private life private, but you disappeared while the city burned. And now you run the risk of destroying whatever tenuous trust the people have left in you. We need a more coherent explanation as to why no one saw you for two days. - What was his name? - Who? The kid. The looter. Why? Jerome Mathis. Street name: Smoke. Would you like to sit down with Superintendent Royczyk first thing? A phone call will suffice. I'm sure Jim is quite busy with all that's transpired. Not one of the protestors has a record. - So? - That's not a rebuttal. You didn't make an argument. They had every right to peaceably assemble. Please. They were on private property. I thought you went to law school And what was peaceable about the brawl you got wrapped up in? - We're not talking about me. - We're not? What's the State's Attorney's office get out of pushing these prosecutions through? The satisfaction of a job well done. I wonder, if a politician pulls a stunt and it doesn't hit the front page, did he even make a sound? You know, maybe, just maybe, I want to do right by these folks. You ever considered that? It's not their fault they don't have a friend in the mayor's office. Wasting your breath. I only vote if it's a job requirement. Your cynicism is fucking exhausting. It will raise questions, my continued presence. I owe no explanation. What did you see, Tom? It doesn't matter. - Take Mrs. Kane around back. - Yes, sir. Were there specific threats against you? What do you say to the accusations that this is a repeat of the '93 riots? Mr. Mayor, was the council notified of your location during the riots? The disorder has been contained by our fine guardsmen and women who are now on their way home to their families. I know I speak for all Chicagoans when I saw that we are grateful for their service. I know many of us gave in to our baser instincts over the last two days, but I have faith in us all that we can rise above fear and recrimination to rebuild what's been lost. The bonds formed in adversity will strengthen what remains. To that end, I would like to assure the family of Jerome Mathis that his death will be fully investigated. Thank you. Both fingerprints and handwriting. Great. And how long would that take? Could I get that in 24 hours? Great. And what's that going to cost me? - Great, thank you. - Answer your telephone. Where the hell is your assistant? I've been trying to call you for, like, ever. Yes? I know many of us gave in to our baser instincts over the last two days... Look who's home. Full of platitudes. Blah, blah, blah. Snap, crackle, pop. Wait for it. To that end, I would like to assure the family of Jerome Mathis that his death will be fully investigated. - Thank you. - Wow. What do you think, Jacks? Should we let him change the conversation? I also found another source who saw him on Chestnut the night before the evictions. Said he was screaming, seemed unhinged. Want me to run with it? Royczyk's holding on three. This is insane. The First Lady's returning to her duties. No need to feel threatened. - Don't do that. - What? He's taking everything I care about, flipping it upside down and now he's gonna use it as a soapbox. And I'm just standing here like I'm okay with it. So, you got two choices... stay or go. You've done an exceptional job, Jim. I'm just sorry it took me this long to thank you in person. At least it wasn't '93 all over again, no matter what those cable news yahoos seem to think. Speaking of, I'm concerned about this Jerome Mathis situation. These things have a way of blowing themselves out of proportion. Frankly, my men should be commended for their restraint the past two days. And I don't disagree. But I'd feel more comfortable if I had all the facts. Mathis was observed leaving an electronics store carrying a stereo. The store's windows were smashed. He saw the officers, dropped the stereo and ran. He ignored repeated requests to stop. Another unit responded. He turned into the squad car's headlights and appeared to be holding a firearm. Officer Albanese fired one round, striking Mathis in the chest. He was later revealed to be holding an iPod. Listen, I don't deny this is unfortunate, but it could have all been avoided if he'd just followed the officer's instructions. He was 17, Jim. He was in and out of juvie since he was 11. Drug possession, distribution, assault. Let's call a spade a spade. He was a bad kid, Tom. I'm sure his mom is sad, but he was no great loss for the community. It was a good shot. I stand by my men. Fair enough. When this is all behind us, we're long overdue for a meal. How about a hot dog in the mayor's box at the next Cubbies game? Looking forward to it. I think it's a terrible idea. Why is that? He was a criminal. Armed or not, it will be difficult to paint him as sympathetic. Regardless, his mother is grieving. She deserves my condolences. So do it privately. There's no reason to make it a press event. I disagree. The city needs to know the mayor is aware and in control. He'll appear both strong and emotionally engaged in the plight of those affected. In other words, you're using a grieving mother as a political prop. No one is gonna buy it as sincere. Because they haven't so many times before? Moral issues aside, you're opening yourself up to a host of criticisms that play right into the hands of those who want to see Lennox Gardens fail. There are larger concerns than your pet project, Ms. Fredricks. If you're committed to this, I respectfully ask that you have lan coordinate with Moretti. I'm not comfortable being involved. No decision needs to be made at this time. Kane's purging his organization in the 11th, 14th, 21st, and 46th. So we're focusing our efforts there. Interesting timing for this story to take hold, don't you think? We've also set our sights on the 3rd, 6th, 17th, 24th, 27th, and 28th. Giving what went down at the Gardens, we're pretty confident they're up for grabs. It might have been up for grabs. Maybe, if Walsh hadn't rammed that anti-felon bill through the lege. Cullen's gonna pocket veto. You sure about that? I saw him last night touting Walsh's efforts. Spoke with him this morning. Now that he understands the situation, he's agreed to stick it in a drawer. It's impressive. She gets the win, keeps the boogieman, and you've protected an important voting bloc. What you must have done for him to let you go... Can you set the meet? My husband went into hiding at my insistence. And were it up to me, he would not have returned until you'd done your job. Fortunately for you both, your lack of faith will not affect my commitment to the task at hand. I understand how, with the distant history you and my husband share, it could be difficult working symbiotically... There's nothing distant about my historical concerns. There's reason to believe that, had Langley's identity been kept confidential, his accomplice would already be in custody. And that leak couldn't have come from your office? My office has been treated with disdain and disrespect from the moment this investigation began. A lesser man would have closed the book with Langley. How great thou art. I lie awake at night... terrified. Reliving it all. Hearing the shots. And you refuse to give me a reason to believe we're safe. We believe he's a veteran. A fellow member of Langley's sniper team. With the information we have, I am confident the heightened security protocols in place are sufficient. In service of a more symbiotic relationship, you should know you'll be receiving wide-ranging subpoenas in the morning... in conjunction with the corruption cases you set in motion last month. Wide-ranging? Back to '93. That's an absurd overreach, even for you. There isn't a judge in town who wouldn't agree. Maybe. But I'm attempting to make these cases airtight. And with 20 years of records to comb through, I certainly won't have time to comment to the press. If that's what you need for a successful prosecution. And I had a chance to look at the Jerome Mathis case. Seems like a good shot. How many more surprises? Meaning? These subpoenas. The result of the arrests of key members of your organization. A decision so lacking in clarity I can only assume it was your disease at the wheel. Did you notice any symptoms today? No. Despite that, I think it wise you visit Dr. Harris sooner rather than later. One thing at a time. As for tomorrow, aren't there matters outside the office that require your attention? You're confident you need no more monitoring? I'll drop you at home. I have an errand to run. I'm sorry. I didn't realize anyone was home. I'll get out of your way. No, that's fine. You don't have to. What? I've been thinking about you. What you're going through. It's a Herculean feat. What? Living with my parents? That, too, I suppose. But no. I meant... I'm sorry. Is this too personal? I don't know what "this" is. My mom was a drunk. Pills on occasion. She wanted to get clean. Put in the work, but it didn't stick. I never blamed her, though. She tried. She really did. You're stronger than she was. Part of my job is knowing what to keep off the mayor's desk. If you need anything ever. That's my personal cell. - Anytime. - Thanks. Anytime. Thanks. Wait for me outside. No thanks. Not tonight. Glad to see you in one piece. You and me both. Plans are changing. Must be drastic if you couldn't send the kid. Our old friend. His time has come. You never ask questions. I always appreciated that about you. Thanks, Kav. There weren't no reason for it. Jerome was a baby. He was my baby. I am here today not only as a mayor, but also as a father. Our hearts go out to the Mathis family. By 3 o'clock, it became clear that... I want you to eat a little bit more. Three more bites. Just three more. We tied at the end of the game. - but we won when... - Where's your mat homework, Bits? I put it in her backpack. What? It was that or be late. Alissa, finish up. We've got to go, baby. Stop it, stop it, stop it. Hush, both of you! I've assured Ms. Mathis that my entire administration is committed to finding justice for Jerome. There's never any excuse for gunning down an unarmed teen. - That's your boss. - Who's Jerome? Go get your backpacks. Go on, now. - Please. - Up you go. That child was 6'2", 180 pounds with a record as long as my arm. - Okay... let's not... hey. - I can't. I can't right now. Do you remember the story you used to tell me about the princess and the wolf? Gave me nightmares. Kids are impressionable. I told my mother that there were wolves on the roof and you know what she said? We all have our wolves, Emma. Those were her words of comfort. Yeah, she's a piece of work. Can I? I did it all the time in the clinic. - How much? - Two CCs. There's nothing in there that will get you high. Good luck. Despite what experience my daughter may claim, she is not a medical professional. Unless you'd like to find other employment, I suggest you don't share your responsibilities again. Yes, ma'am. Hello, Dad. You can't get five feet down a hallway around here without a reporter asking the question. We're gonna need something better than no comment. We're gonna look like assholes. Press will get bored and move on. To Jerome Mathis, maybe. The riots were unfortunate. But the story will conclude as they all do. - In the meantime... - They're not asking about the riots. They're asking about you. Where you've been. What we knew. In the meantime, we are fast approaching the annual vote to authorize the selling of bonds to cover the city's expenditures. Pro forma. I foresee no concerns. The request will be considerably larger than usual. Many unexpected costs this quarter. How much larger? We're still crunching the numbers. A revised preliminary budget will be distributed for review by the end of the week. I didn't bring you here to talk specifics. Rather, to make clear that for the financial health of the city, there can be no push back. DC's nice this time of year. I hope you had some time to enjoy yourself. How does he seem to you? His personality, his emotional life? Before this treatment he was growing soft, susceptible to suggestion. I've been concerned. As you should be. Since he's returned? More focused. Aware of the weaknesses exhibited in the resent past. Determined to steel himself. But? Vestiges of the personality shift remain. A surprising attachment to certain... people remains steadfast. I suspect any improvement he's experienced from the treatment he received is likely a placebo affect. But the goal here is a prolonged life worth living. If this has given him that, even temporarily, I consider it a success. So... you don't recommend confronting him on the issue? No need to speed the return of symptoms. My greatest concern has always been your husband's unwillingness to honestly accept his disease. Choosing to include you suggests he's beginning to come to terms with his situation. Thank you, Dr. Harris. And you're redacting any reference to the mayor specifically? I thought we were supposed to highlight those. "Yes" will suffice. - Mr. Todd. - What? - Um... - What? Mr. Todd, you might want to take a look at this. Sir? Your phone call with Royczyk, it's on the "Trib" 's website. Everywhere now. CNS, FNN, "The Times." Who knows how many blogs? I'm concerned about this Jerome Mathis situation. It was a good shot. He was 17, Jim. Let's call a spade a spade. He was a bad kid, Tom. I'm sure his mom is sad, but he was no great loss for the community, no matter what those cable news yahoos seem to think. Is it accurate? Is that the conversation you had? Close enough. How are we gonna handle this? Damage is done. Shouldn't we call in a telecom expert, make sure our phone system isn't compromised? There are safeguards in place here. I'm confident it was the superintendent's phone that was compromised. Jim didn't deserve this. Ms. Kane, Dave Hoffman, again. My seventh message. Really don't want to make life difficult for you, but if you don't call me back I'm not gonna have a choice. Glad to see your phone works. Hi. Can I talk to you real quick? My car's parked over there. You okay? Mostly. You clean? Well, I'm glad for you, but... this ain't right. I can't take you out. I can't... I can't treat you like... like I want to treat my girl. So I keep doing all this shit for you. If you're just calling me when you want a fix, be straight about it. You... you're the only one who ever cared. - Who is it? - It's my parole officer. He just keeps calling and calling. The test, I thought I had it handled, but I can't go back. If he was gonna violate you, he would have done it already. Yeah, but he wants something and I don't know what it is. What are... what are you... Don't! Don't! You'd rather ask daddy? Look, you're just gonna make it worse. I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that. No, yeah, you did. Sorry to disturb. Mrs. Kane, what can I do for you? I'd like you to pull together all the work you've done on Lennox Gardens for me. Why? I assumed with the death of Joe Young and the recent turmoil, the project was on hold. I merely want to be informed for my meeting with Babe McGantry later today. I wasn't aware he was back in consideration. There were a number of valid reasons for not going with him the first time around. I'd be happy to discuss... I am perfectly clear on the reasons behind my husband's decisions. Information is ammunition and McGantry is not a man you meet with unarmed. But if you're not able to oblige... No, of course. I'll have my assistant pull it all together for you. Thank you. Nice looking family. Aunt Rae. Give me a second. Sorry. What's up? Emma, what's wrong? Um, I slipped. Just a few pills but I failed my test. - And my parole officer... - I'll handle it. - Really? - Of course. Your father won't know a thing. I'll never ask you for anything like this again, I promise. You can ask me for whatever you want. Thank you, lan. I mean it. Your office wouldn't have sufficed for this conversation? I wanted you to be clear on the stakes. The view below, Lennox Gardens. All that's adjacent, my investment. You remember, years back, when it was made clear that redevelopment was on the horizon, deliberately we began to acquire all that surrounds the project. You knew this. Your husband was aware. What has changed? Are we operating with different definitions of progress suddenly? Semantics are not at issue here. So what is? If your husband proceeds in this fashion, all you see is worthless. I suggest you unload it while you can still recoup your investment. So Tom hasn't abandoned his foolish notion? I had thought your husband and I were locked in a temporary skirmish brought on by your disappearance from the equation. Was I mistaken? Meredith, must I articulate what this will mean? Do not do this. It's done, Babe. You fucking cunt. You're nothing. You're a goddamn dress form with a slit. I am the constant. You were always a variable. Duck sauce? No longer can he hide behind the throne. For once in the history of Chicago, the PD wasn't being racist asshats. Numbers are in. Everything except the 21st. Thanks. You know, as much as I hate the bastard, Kane never fails to impress. He just dealt a race card from the bottom of the deck, sits back, relaxes, and lets the righteous indignation machine do the work for him. You know? 117 walk shifts. 15% of our universe. Undecideds breaking our way two to one. 500,000. He's okay. Cone of silence. McGantry? We should double our ad buy. - No. - Are you crazy? Tina, don't fucking touch that money, okay? Three cheers for sisterhood. Stop. Hey, what are you doing? I told you I am not stopping working to eat with you. I just need a minute of uninterrupted privacy. I sent Rosebud in for testing. Shit cost a fucking fortune for the rush job and the shit still came back inconclusive. Partial print, generic block handwriting. I'm not going on record, okay? I don't even know myself. No, I'm not asking you to. Just the guy at the lab said the only way to go is DNA testing and I need something to compare it against. Sam, I didn't even know the guy's birthday. You don't have a memo pad or, like, a fucking pen? The mayor's closest aide leaks damning documents then turns up dead. That doesn't bother you? - You don't know that for sure. - Come on. How do we always end up back here? You tell me. You're right. I should have kept my mouth shut. Look, I get it. You're exposed here, but... Don'you want to know the truth? Can I buy you another? Claire Mann. That's quite a dress. Or maybe you've had enough. Not nearly. We're dropping all charges. Got spanked? You made good points. I took them to Doyle and he agreed. You had to get all fancy to tell me that? Gala for Hubbard Street. Could have called. Figured I owed you an apology. In person. What do you want? No, I mean it. I like to argue. Or, I like to win, rather. I hit below the belt with you. I feel bad about it. Ain't beanbag. You're giving up? She's divorcing me. Lesser men have come back from greater scandal. You've got a knack at finding the sweet spot between sincerity and what's politically useful. You'll be fine. What do you want? You were fucking incredible. I get that a lot. You're humble, too. That, not so much. You got somewhere else to be? Home. Big day tomorrow. Yeah? We served Kane with subpoenas. Expecting the files in the morning. Doyle subpoenaed Kane? What, does he hate his job or something? He doesn't need the mayor's support. I didn't realize Doyle's organization was so formidable. Speaking of formidable. Night, Ben. This is it. One time. She's clear, right? Right? Long as she keeps pissing clean we're cool. Otherwise it's another five K. Like that. I dealt with Babe. We'll need to move quickly before he becomes aware your plans have changed. Demolition's in motion. Won't be more than a couple of weeks now. - And Mona? - What about her? Without a clear future in place for the Gardens I expect she'll resist, attached as she is to its fate. I have her under control. Did he make things difficult... McGantry? It was as expected. I should never have compromised you. One, two, three, four, throw those racists out the door! Five, six, seven, eight, we will not discriminate! I hate that it's come to this. I did what I could to protect you, but things being what they are... You know that call was doctored. Everything was taken out of context. I know. I know. There are many things I can control. Unfortunately for both of us, the media is not one of them. I wanted to have this private farewell so you know how grateful I am for your many years of service. Once I step in front of those cameras... Yeah, I know how the songs ends. I'll ensure that you're well taken care of. Full pension. And, of course, if there's anything you need, please don't hesitate to ask. Maybe we can find time to take in that Cubs game. They're not looking too good this year. It is with a heavy heart that I stand here before you today. I've asked for and received Superintendent Royczyk's resignation. His response to the death of Jerome Mathis cannot be ignored or tolerated. I want to assure all of Chicago that I am committed to purging such attitudes from our civic institutions. I hope this speeds the healing process for us all, especially the family of Jerome Mathis. Thank you. In response to mounting pressure from citizens and civil rights groups, Superintendent James Royczyk stepped down today after 15 years at the post. This ends his 33-year long career... Disappointing that it had to come to this. We're going ahead with demolition of the Gardens. Gave the contract to Ortiz. We'll worry about replacing Y&M; down the road. Is that all? Yes. Neither of us were under any illusions when I was hired. I didn't expect much from you and you knew exactly why I was here. But you made promises. You made promises in my name. And if you're gonna go back on them now, I would appreciate the respect of being informed before the shit hits the fan. Sit. I won't be scolded, sir. I hired you for all the wrong reasons. You knew that, yet here you are. You knew how long the odds were, and yet you played. I envy you. After 20 years behind this desk, I've lost sight of why I started. And now here you are, a constant reminder. I'm no idealist. No, you're a realist who holds out hope. I don't know what lies ahead, but I promise you won't be blindsided. Thank you. You can go. I believe you're all familiar with Senator Walsh. You've already met everyone else. Almost. Kitty O'Neil. Trey Rogers. Pleasure. Thank you, Alderman Ross for arranging this meeting. And for helping me to understand the struggles your communities face Clearly disenfranchising your vote is no way to confront them. Excuse me, Senator. No disrespect, but I believe we all know why we're here. Why don't we skip the politicking and get to the numbers? Agreed? Well, I can guarantee you 5,500 votes out of the 21st. Coming mostly from the surrounding precincts around the Gardens. Would have been more but for our recent exodus. Walking around money? A discounted rate of 95,000. Antoine? Well, we've got a lot of sporadics in the 23rd. Made progress last aldermanic race, but I don't want to overpromise. I'm confident we can guarantee 3,700, but it could be more. We're looking at 75 thou, but I'd like to reserve the right to renegotiate. Of course. Maurice? So what do you think? Like I said, between 3,700 and 4,075. If I go over 4,000 I got to charge more. No, but let's not fuck around here. - Let's just be realistic. - Kitty. Kitty. - No, the reality is... - Wait a minute. You're asking him to go all the way down to 71st all the way over to the shore, okay? Right, but the reality is that doesn't work for us. Now you told me 3,500, you delivered 2,500. Right, right. At the same time, sir, let's allow this association to have some longevity. No possible way because we're not going above 60. It's doable. I didn't know you were so flush, Catherine. Plenty left over for your finder's fee. Thank you for your time, gentlemen. Delivery will be made through the usual channel. Thank you. Are you sure about this? Even with diligent redaction you're exposed. We can petition for a narrower scope. Not a judge around who wouldn't agree this is excessive. Send it all. Motherfucking cocksucking piece of shit asshole! This is some old school bullshit. This is a year's worth of work. Maybe two. Well, this one's not a complete disaster. And look at that, not a word redacted. Mr. Hoffman, lan Todd from the mayor's office. I understand you have some concerns with Emma Kane. All right. Well, listen, in the future, should any problems arise, I'd like to be the first call you make. Thank you. Huge coup you pulled today. You wanted Cook County, I got you Cook County, Tough to get in bed with those people, though. Well, their crimes are just less socially acceptable than say McGantry's. It's all the same shit, though. Thank you. Just doing my job, ma'am. Brilliantly. Look, I don't want to stir the pot, but... Tina, she didn't back this move. In fact, she hasn't backed any move I've tried to make. Let me worry about Tina. I'm gonna head up. We're downstate the rest of the week, so I won't see you for a while. Okay, I'll be in touch. Ma'am. You forgot this. Sleep well. You, too. - Ian. - Hey. - I was hoping I'd... - Thank you. I didn't do anything, but you're welcome. What do you mean? He stopped calling. Must have been some confusion. He said there was no problem. Really. Do you need to get that? Well, thanks anyway for making the effort. I meant it, anything you need. Um, good night. Good night. This isn't just off the record. It's not even deep background. You've got to find your own proof 'cause I'll deny this ever happened. I'll take whatever you can give. City Hall town car went missing same time Kane did. Crossed over into Canada at the I-94 border at 11:47 P.M. Tuesday. Wait, was Kane driving? About fucking time. Come in. Meredith, have you seen my... You're in bed early. I wasn't feeling very well. Come. Sit. I was in need of guidance while you were gone. I took the liberty of exploring the contents of your computer. There are dozens of these. As well as more... intimate moments. All of them saved. None of them containing information pertinent to your office. Are you in love with her? Just obsessed? I can't fire her. Wouldn't look good. For the moment, at least. But if you could, would you? I'll admit there was an attachment. But it was the disease. Now that I'm renewed, I see her role clearly. You know, I'm concerned that you're pushing too hard too fast. No. But what about you? With all that's gone on, we haven't even had the opportunity to talk about your treatment. You seem confident it was effective. Confidence. It cuts both ways. Tell me. What did you see in your hallucinations? Ezra. Your father. History rewritten. Creatures. So many voices. The din drowned out all reason. I tried. I tried on my own to silence it, but it only grew louder. Deafening. But it's quiet now. My mind is still. My thoughts clear. Calm. Sync & corrections by Alice www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 