Aquaman: Season 1, Episode 16 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Aquaman 
 s1e16 - Programmed by Destruction/The War of the Quatix and the Bimphars/Evil Is as Evil Does - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Aquaman (1967–…): Season 1, Episode 16 - Programmed by Destruction/The War of the Quatix and the Bimphars/Evil Is as Evil Does - full transcript 
 The Brain tries to destroy Aquaman by forcing him to the surface in "Programmed For Destruction." / Aquaman explores a newly discovered aquatic planet in "The War Of The Quatix And The Bimphars." / Evil Star threatens to take the battle to the Guardi ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male narrator)  Aquaman, swift and powerful  monarch of the ocean. With ability to summon  and command all creatures of the deep. Aquaman, who with his  teenage ally, Aqualad guards and defends  all that lives in the seas against the forces of evil. Aquaman,  King of the Seven Seas. [theme music] On a desolate shoreline  of an uncharted island within a mountain  of its apparently solid rock is the new scientific  laboratory of that evil 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 mathematical genius and arch enemy  of Aquaman, The Brain. Now, my magnificent computer is programmed with every known fact about Aquaman. (computer) Ready. Operational. Good. In a moment, we shall have a scientific formula for his destruction. Listen closely. Question. How can Aquaman be destroyed? (computer) Answer. Use positive buoyancy. Ray make Aquaman float to surface. Totally helpless. Beautiful. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Now, what is the main ingredient for a positive buoyancy ray? (computer) Answer. Oximite...mined from deep sea emeralds. Ah-ha! At last, control of the seas is mine. Everyone, board the sub! Captain, plot a course to the gem depository while I plot the doom of Aquaman. (male narrator)  Now in the Aquacave,  headquarters for Aquaman a light flashes  on his underwater detection system board. That main explosion.. Grid co-ordinance X-ray 3-0-9 Kilo-14. Leapin' Lampreys, Aquaman. That's-- The gem depository. Let's go. [theme music] [explosion] I'll sneak up on them alone, Aqualad. You follow with Tusky and the horses. [neighing] bam Fire viscosity gun, quick! zap That ray...made the water like chewing gum. I...can't...move...in it. swoosh Aquaman. Attack! [zapping] zap zap bam Aqualad. Tusky. zap I can't...maneuver...at all. [laughs] Trapped like jellied eels. That will hold them long enough to distill the oximite from the emerald. Then, we'll come back and finish them for good. Full speed ahead. Jumpin' jellyfish. This time, we're really stuck. Not for long, Tadpole. (male narrator)  Still struggling,  the sea king sends out and urgent telepathic call  for the wizards of the deep. The Dolphins. How can they help us, Aquaman? Listen. High frequency sound waves. Right. See how they break up the molecules of this goo. Great! I can move now. Not much time left to stop The Brain. Come on. [dramatic music] [buzzing] Fifteen micro gram units of pure oximite. 'Now, into the laser gun.' Now, to test that positive buoyancy ray.. 'Watch that mountain of rock.' zap It worked! And now to make Aquaman and Aqualad float to the surface.. 'Standby.' What's that? Just what I was afraid of, Aqualad. The Brain has discovered the secret of positive buoyancy. This, Tadpole, is the big fight. 'Let's go, troops.' [dramatic music] zap Scatter! Forget the fish! Hit Aquaman. 'Get out there and pin him down somehow.' [zapping] Aqualad, look out! zap (Aqualad) 'Help! I'm floating up.' [burbling] Only one way to deal with that. Come on, Cyclops, ol' buddy. I've got a job for you. 'Hope The Brain doesn't know a fish like you exists.' When I give the signal, open up that one big beautiful eye of yours. He's heading for us on a weird fish. Now. [zapping] Bulls eye! [gurgling] Thanks, ol' buddy. - Abandon ship! - 'And get out quick.' - 'Out of control.' - Abandon ship! I'll reverse its polarity. Throw it on wide beam. And release my team. zap We can swim again. Back in the ol' ball game. Let's go. Welcome home, Minnow. Thanks, Aquaman. [explosion] Did The Brain get out in time, Aquaman? If he did, it'll be a while before he shows up again. [barking] [Aquaman and Aqualad laugh] [theme music] (male narrator)  In just a moment,  we'll return with another exciting adventure  featuring a guest star from the galaxy of super,  superhero. [theme music] By authority of the mystique  guardians of the universe on the far distant Planet Oa Hal Jordan, test pilot  becomes The Green Lantern! A cosmic crusader  whose magical power-ring and his bidding  accomplishes the impossible. In his continuing fight  against interplanetary evil. Green Lantern! Guardian of the Galaxy. [buzzing] (male narrator)  Planet Oa,  center of the universe. There, on the great  central hall beneath Oa's great  cosmic power battery.. ...the Immortal Guardians  of the universe are troubled. There may be only moments. We must warn Green Lantern. [dramatic music] (male narrator)  Now, in a sleek rocket craft.. ...high above Planet Earth Green Lantern in his guise  of test pilot Hal Jordan gets the message. - Take heed, Green Lantern. - I hear you, Guardian. Evil Star has escaped galactic confinement. - Beware! - Evil Star? Wow! Better get down fast. [music continues] - What's up, boss? - Big trouble, Kairo. - Green Lanterns-ville, huh? - You know it. (male narrator)  Meanwhile, the interplanetary  lord of crime Evil Star, streaks order. [laughing] Soon, all on Earth shall know my star band surpasses any power in the universe. Let those who worship evil's might, beware my power Green Lantern's light. Ha-ha! [evil laughter] Yeow! What gives? Evil Star. Outside, Kairo, hurry. (policeman) Gun him down. [gun firing] They're frozen solid. And I'm next! Not if I can help it. boom We meet again, Green Lantern. zap Try my beam for size, Evil Star. Hey! I shall consume you with my star fire. Ah! I think you need a lift. [screams] whirr whirr I will have my revenge on the Guardians themselves. You sure showed Evil Star who's boss. Right, boss? Not for long, Kairo. He's plotting mischief on Oa. I better get up there as soon as I give my ring a full 24 hour charge. Great Nebula! The Power Lantern's gone dead. (Kairo) 'Wait, Green Lantern..' ...with my radio sometimes this makes it work. bang Ha-ha! Good work, Kairo. Charge up while it's hot. zap (Kairo) 'Why is it flickering?' I'm afraid that means Evil Star's already on Oa. Come on, Kairo. Up we go! [dramatic music] That should hold up Green Lantern. Now to take care of the Guardians. swoosh - Evil Star! - The same. Now, Guardians of the Universe.. '...since there is no one to protect you..' Don't you believe it, Evil Star. zap zap swoosh click Great Galaxy, my ring. Without this you are powerless. Now, I control the universe.. - O-oh! - Catch, boss. Got it. Meddler! You'll pay for that. zap Party's over, Evil Star. We'll see about that. bam (Kairo) 'Get him, G.L.' (Evil Star) Try and catch me while there is still time. Time? What did he mean by that? I fear Evil Star plans to keep Green Lantern occupied.. ...until the 24 hour limit of his ring's power has elapsed. [dramatic music] [ring beeping] zap That should keep you busy for a while. Your wasting your effort, Evil Star. No. I'm wasting your time. Let's see you handle my light force beam. Got...got to get out of this fast. swish swish Alright. Have you enough time left to overcome this? [bubbling] [blazing] zap [explosion] I'm tired of playing games, Evil Star. zap Ah! Ah! Now, let's test your power. Ah! No, stop. Come on, Evil Star. Fire another blast from your star band now. No, no. It will destroy me. Back to Galactic Jail for you, Evil Star. - Good job, Green Lantern. - Take his star band, Kairo. With pleasure, boss. This bubble will hold him until he's returned to Galactic confinement. We thank you, Green Lantern. Always at your service, Guardians of the Universe. Let's go home, Kairo. zap (male narrator)  Coming up next.. More action packed adventures  with Aquaman King of the Seven Seas. Featuring Aqualad  and Tusky the walrus. [neighing] Come on, Tusky. I'll race ya home. What's up, Aquaman? Top secret assignment, let's go. Check. [intense music] This, Aquaman, is Planet Q-344. Newly discovered by our exploration satellite. 'As you can see its surface is entirely covered with water.' Our instruments show there is intelligent life of some kind on Q-344. But we have no conventional means for exploring an all water planet. - 'Will you do it for us?' - Yes, commander, we will. - When? - Right now. (male narrator)  A short while later, Aquaman and Aqualad and Tusky.. ...loaded into  a specially designed water-filled space capsule.. ...are taken aboard a giant  interplanetary rocket ship. [blazing] And blast off for the great  unknown of Planet Q-344. (man on radio) 'Final instructions, Aquaman.' 'After detaching your capsule..' '...mothership will orbit the planet for three hours.' - 'Repeat, three hours.' - Roger. What happens if we don't get back to the mothership on time, Aquaman? We'll be stranded, Minnow. Permanently stranded in outer space. (man on radio) 'Approaching Q-344, standby for launch.' 'Five, four, three..' '...two, one.' 'Launch.' zoom [theme music] splash Now remember, Tadpole. Herewe are strangers, who maybe considered invaders. - 'So, be careful.' - Will do. Leaping lampreys, this water is freezing! It's almost like ice. Up here, Minnow, it's boiling hot. This is just about right. Come on. Boy, that looks good. I'm hungry. Holy mackerel! Great Cronion! Can't communicate with them. [intense music] (male narrator)  Meanwhile, back at the  satellite station on Earth.. Aquaman's exploration team was released and landed here. The mothership has begun its orbit. Now, the rendezvous will take place here. If they make it. If they make it. - Let us out of here. - No. You are spies for the Bimphabs. You must die. We are from Planet Earth. We never heard of Bimphabs. We don't even know who you are. We are Quatix. We do not stand erect. Bimphabs have legs and stand erect as you do. Bimphabs are enemies. You are Bimphabs. Death to the Bimphabs. Take them to the cave of the Krial. Whatever is a Krial, Aquaman? If I can get these bars apart another inch or so, we won't have to find out. - Aquaman, it-it-- - It's a Squid. A monster Squid. [barking] Yeah! Now, go! [intense music] Let's wrap him up for story. bam Gallopin' guppies, Aquaman. What are they? The Bimphabs. bash bash bang bang bang The stranger is fighting the Bimphabs. Come, we must help him. He is awake? [barking] Land? But I thought this planet was all water. All, but for this small island. Because we Bimphabs can live on land and in water the Quatix hate us. You will help us defeat them? Oh, now, wait a minute. I-- If you help us, we will rescue your friend from the Quatix. If you do not, you will both die. Not much time left to make our rendezvous. Okay, let's go find Aquaman. You want me to help you defeat the Bimphabs? Yes, Aquaman, if you do not help us you and your friend may never leave this planet. Time is running out. Alright, let's go. Aquaman to Aqualad. - Go ahead, Aquaman. - Standby to break away. (Aquaman) 'Now, go.' [whirring] Good job, Minnow. Now, let's have a peace conference. (Bimphab #1) 'Do not move.' Oh, this is for us to settle, not you. Wrong, gentleman. This is for him to settle. (both) The Krial! But-but how? The Krial is exactly like an Earth squid. I sent him a telepathic message. Stop him. He will kill us. (Bimphab #2) 'Help us. Help us.' Alright, but rember, one war like act by either of you and that Krial will strike. - We will work out an agreement. - Yes, we will. Put them down. Aqualad, Tusky, to the capsule. Hurry. [gurgling] - Will we make it? - By a catfish whisker. whoosh - Peace. - Peace. [theme music] [music continues] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 