Aquaman: Season 1, Episode 18 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Aquaman 
 s1e18 - The Silver Sphere/To Catch a Fisherman/Sirena, Empress of Evil - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Aquaman (1967–…): Season 1, Episode 18 - The Silver Sphere/To Catch a Fisherman/Sirena, Empress of Evil - full transcript 
 War between the Lizard-Men and the Tortoids erupts when each claims "The Silver Sphere." / Aquaman searches for a missing Tusky in "To Catch A Fisherman." / The evil Sirena plots to use the Green Lantern to attack the Guardians in "Sirena, Empress Of ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male narrator)  Aquaman, swift and powerful  monarch of the oceans with ability to summon  and command all creatures of the deep.  Aquaman, who with his  teenage ally, Aqualad guards and defends  all that lives in the seas against the forces of evil. Aquaman,  King of the Seven Seas. [theme music] From an undersea Sulphur pit,  traditional dividing line between the lands  of the Tortoids and the Lizard Men,  appears a silver sphere. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What is this? I do not know. Look. It-it is magic. And since it rolled on to the land of the Tortoids it belongs to us. No! I saw it first! Therefore it belongs to the Lizard Men! [buzzing] They have injured one of us. Summon the army! Attack! [buzzing] [theme music] (male narrator)  Within moments, Aquaman,  ruler of the seas 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and his young companion,  Aqualad streak to the scene  of battle. Bumblin' blowfish, Aquaman. Looks like a full scale war. Yes. We've got to put a stop to it in a hurry. [zapping] bam bam bam [clapping] Tell your people to cut this out. Right now! Tortoids, ceasefire. Ceasefire. Now, what's all this fighting about? 'The silver sphere, Aquaman.' The silver sphere. The only one who shall possess the magic sphere is the Black Manta. Ha-ha-ha! I suggest a peaceful competion to determine possession of this sphere. Each of you select your best athlete to compete in a series of events. The winner to have possession of the sphere for one year. Whoever wins three consecutive years will gain 'permanent possession.' The Tortoids agree. The Lizard people agree too. So shall it be. Get ready for the games. Excellent. Now, all I'll need is a diversion to steal the sphere from those stupid fools. Ah-ha! Ha-ha. 'Aqualad. He shall be my diversion.' Good luck to you both. May the best man win. Aqualad, behind you! [buzzing] Manta Men. [dramatic music] - What happened? - He was hurt saving my life. 'So I'll represent the Tortoids..' ...if they'll have me. (all) Yeah. Yeah. Okay, let the games begin. "The first event, a speed slalom through the giant cacti." [instrumental music] (Lizard Man #1) 'Help.' Ha! Just as I planned. Goodbye! So that's the way they play, huh? More bad news, tadpole. The sphere was stolen by Black Manta. Leapin' lampreys! - What-- - Shh! Go on with the games. I am going after that scoundrel. Now, watch what it does. [dramatic music] [zapping] [laughing] (Black Manta) 'Trapped...like a sardine in a can.' 'Got him. Ha-ha-ha!' (male narrator)  Meanwhile, at the scene  of the games.. [all cheering] Enough! You win! - No tricks this time? - No, no. You win. Stop! The silver sphere has been stolen! I believe Aquaman has taken it for Atlantis. No, no. It was stolen by Black Manta. Aquaman's gone to bring it back. This is very bad, Aqualad. If he does not return with the sphere you are doomed. Watch him. If any fish come in response to his telepathic command, shoot them. I'll take care of him when I return. Can't budge. Chains embedded in solid rock. That's it. Must get the sphere to roll by here. (male narrator)  Telepathically, the Sea King  summons a school of miniscule guppies. Responding immediately,  they swim by the guards unseen and roll the sphere toward him. As the rock splits,  Aquaman tears free. Look, he's free! (male narrator)  At this moment, Aqualad,  representing the Tortoids is performing a dangerous feat. - 'Careful! - 'Don't fall into the Sulphur.' (all) Yay! Yay! Our man is in trouble. [screaming] Good boy, Tusky. Look! Aquaman! With the silver sphere. Mobilize your men quickly. The Black Manta is coming for the sphere. [zapping] [dramatic music] [zapping] [all cheering] This is yours for one year. No, Aquaman. We and the Lizard Men have agreed that we shall share the silver sphere all the time. Good, I'm glad. So am I. Okay, our work's done here, Tadpole. Let's go home. [instrumental music] (male narrator)  In just a moment,  we will return with another exciting adventure featuring a guest star  from the galaxy of super superhero. [theme music] (male narrator)  By authority of the mystic  Guardians of the Universe on the far distant Planet Oa Hal Jordan, test pilot becomes the Green Lantern. A cosmic crusader,  whose magical power-ring and his bidding  accomplishes the impossible. In his continuing fight  against interplanetary evil. Green Lantern  Guardian of the Galaxies. [instrumental music] Planetoid Sargasso. Grim and forbidding. A lone stellar mystery  that awaits the approach of unsuspecting  space travelers. Ruled by a beautiful,  but vicious queen who aspires  to rule the universe. Queen Sirena, another fleet draws within range. Ah, perhaps they shall lure Green Lantern into my trap. Bring them down. (male narrator)  Instantly from  the planetoid surface weird emanations  suddenly swirl out and smear the passing craft. [theme music] Not very far away, a powerful  experimental ship from Earth bursts through atmosphere  into outer space. An apprentice test pilot  at its control accompanied by Kairo Hal Jordan's Venutian helper. Ease off, Tom. You're going too far out. He's going to make first class test pilot, boss. Sure, Kairo. Now, I want you to peel off, Tom. You're too close to the Sargasso Planetoid. Holy smokes! You're right, Mr. Jordan. (Kairo) Yeow! We're caught in the Sargasso current. That weird sound. Can't stand it. Losing control. No time to recharge my power-ring. Gotta get to them fast. 'Let those who worship evil's might' 'beware my power' Green Lantern's light. (male narrator)  As Green Lantern streaks  to the rescue the young test pilot is ushered  before the evil Queen Sirena. The boy who was with this Earthling escaped us, my queen. No matter. He can go nowhere. Now, Green Lantern will surely come for these Earth men. [dramatic music] Green Lantern! Over here! - Kairo, how did you-- - Look. That's what's been pulling down all the ships. It won't anymore, Kairo, after a bath in green heat. [buzzing] So...at last. The fish has taken the bait. Only Green Lantern could destroy my electronomagno wave apparatus. Hold tight, Kairo. This doesn't look like a friendly welcoming committee. zap zap zap (Kairo) Hey, cut that out, you freaks! Watch me get them to stun themselves. [screaming] I shall join Green Lantern myself. First the magnobeam attune to his brain waves. [screeching] Now, my pet, go. Follow the beam. [screeching] Oh! Yikes! His power ring! Quickly, get his ring! We have it, O Queen. Now, he is powerless. Lock him up and guard him with your lives. [dramatic music] Oh, no! They've taken him prisoner. Now, my loyal subjects, without Green Lantern to protect them, the Guardians of the Universe shall fall before my might. Stand by to blast off. War fleet blasted off. Ay, this means the end for the mighty Guardians of the Universe. (male narrator)  A short while later  on Planet Oa in the great central hall  that houses the immortal  Guardians of the Universe. Sirena's fleet approaches, and we are helpless. We must find a way to return Green Lantern's ring to him. What about the Venutian boy Kairo? Ah, yes. He's our only hope. I will contact him. Oh, cut it out, Beepy. This is no time to play. I gotta find Green Lantern and-- - Kairo. - The Guardian! Listen, Kairo. Green Lantern and his ring are in the top most chamber of the castle. - Go help him. - Wilco. Over and out. [dramatic music] Bad scene. This window's too small for me. There he is. But how am I going to reach him? Got it. You can squeeze through, Beepy. [bird chirping] Come on, please, i-in there. 'Look, Beepy, through window. Hurry, I'm begging you!' [dramatic music] [screaming] Great work, beastie. - 'He's escaping!' - 'Sound the alarm!' Thanks, Kairo, hop aboard. [buzzing] Here come more troops, boss. No time to lose. Got to knock 'em out fast. (Kairo) 'That's beltin' 'em, boss!' [grunting] Now, to wrap 'em up in a tight beam bundle. [whizzing] Now, Kairo, you go release all the prisoners and get back to Earth in the test ship with Tom. While I go to Oa to intercept Sirena. Wilco, boss. See you back home. [intense music] Green Lantern! He has escaped! Destroy him quickly! [crackling] bash Blast him with destructo bombs. [whirring] boom boom boom He's wiped them all out. Now, he.. Aah! (Green Lantern) You've got a date, O evil queen with the Guardians of the Universe. So, the Guardians sentenced Sirena to a long term of galactic confinement. Thanks to your quick thinking, Kairo. Don't forget Beepy here, boss. Right. Thank you, Beepy. - Boss, can I-- - 'Sure, Kairo, keep him.' 'I think he'll make us a fine mascot.' (male narrator)  Coming up next.. More action packed  adventures with Aquaman King of the Seven Seas. Featuring Aqualad  and Tusky the Walrus. [neighs] (male narrator)  Cavorting playfully  along the ocean floor with Imp, Aqualad's sea pony Tusky the Walrus hides  in the coral growth. Suddenly...the underwater  landscape is empty Tusky has vanished. Worried, Imp races off  to find help. What's the matter, Imp? He wants us to follow him, Aqualad. Come on. [neighing] Whoa, Imp! Easy boy! Something's happened to Tusky. Fan out and search for him. [theme music] - No luck? - No. Tusky's gone, Aquaman. Vanished completely. Maybe the old man of the sea can help us find him. Come on. There, Minnow, is the home of Oceanus, the Old Man of the Sea. 'He knows everything.' Sure hope he know where Tusky is. We'll know in a second. knock knock knock What is it you want of Oceanus, Aquaman? Tusky, our pet walrus has disappeared. - Can you help us find him? - Aye. To find your friend go to where the sea burns. What does that mean? I think I know, Minnow. Let's ride. [dramatic music] Jumpin' jackfish, Aquaman. The seais burning here. That undersea volcano's what makes the sea look as if it's on fire. What would bring Tusky to a place like this? Don't know, but he must be-- Aquaman, look! There he is. 'Trapped in that hot lava.' Great waves. Mumblin' mantis! (Aqualad) 'Aquaman, it's a toy replica of Tusky.' And look who faked us out. The Fisherman! [laughing] The Old Man of the Sea. Why did he tell us-- No time to figure that now, Tadpole. [laughs] Now, I've got you marine marvels right where I want you. Look out, Aqualad! swoosh (Aqualad) 'Holy mackerel.' 'The harpoon is pulling the lava back toward us.' (male narrator)  In a twinkling  the lava begins to form a transparent igloo like prison around the Aqua duo. We're trapped, Aquaman. Break out, sardine, hurry. Ouch! That's hard. There's a hole on the top, Tadpole. Quick get through it. [dramatic music] This stuff is tough! Aqualad escaped my lava trap. But, ha-ha.. ...he won't escape this trick harpoon. Depth charges. Duck, Aqualad. Duck! boom Now, to enjoy my revenge against Aquaman to the last drop. [laughing] Aqualad's hurt. I've got to get fish to help me out of here fast. I fooled the Fisherman into thinking he got me. Let's go, Imp. There's something I've got to do fast. Blubberin' blowfish. The Old Man of the Sea is gone. [barking] That sounded like Tusky. Let's go, Imp. [dramatic music] Tusky. And the Old Man of the Sea. But how? Uh.. Aqualad, please.. Yes, sir. I'll have you both free in a jiffy. creak creak Now, sir, I'll get you free too. Ah.. No, no. I shall be alright. A-Aquaman needs your help...at once. Oh. Okay, sir. Remember...a two legged fish can only be caught by a two legged bait. Come on, troops. Hurry! (Fisherman) Call all the fish allies you want, Sea King. They'll never get past this harpoon barrage. (Aqualad) 'Leaping lampreys!' The fish are being clobbered by those crazy harpoons. [barking] What'd the Old Man of the Sea say? A two legged fish could only be caught by a two legged bait. That's it. And I'm it. You two stay here. This time you won't get away, sardine. [music continues] [grunts] bash Thanks, Tusky. Now to help Aqualad. [barking] Aah! I'll finish you! What? Stop! Come no closer, Aquaman! Or I'll blow you up! Hold it, troops. Looks as if he's got us stalemated again. Not really, Tadpole. Look. thud [dramatic music] Great work, team. That wraps him up. Now we gotta free the Old Man of the Sea. Check, let's go. Thank you, Oceanus, for your help. Sir, when you were tied up with Tusky who sent us into the Fisherman's trap? It was the Fisherman himself my son. Disguised as me. And used Tusky as bait to lure us into that trap. [Tusky barking] Help! Help! Okay, Tusky, that's enough. Yeah, he's gonna get what's coming to him. Soon. Come on, team, let's head for home. [theme music] [music continues] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 