He-Man and the Masters of the Universe: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe 
 s1e3 - Disappearing Act - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe (1983–1985): Season 1, Episode 3 - Disappearing Act - full transcript 
 After He-Man foils his latest scheme, Skeletor plans to enter the Royal Palace and kidnap Prince Adam by wearing two helmets that will make him and Prince Adam disappear. Orco decides to use his magic to tidy his bedroom by using his magic wand but it all goes wrong and the wand accidentally causes Prince Adam's sword to vanish. After Skeletor kidnaps Prince Adam, The Sorceress reveals Prince Adam's sword has gone back in time into the past and sends Orco and Cringer to retrieve it, where Prince Adam's sword has fallen into the possession of a giant. Can Orco and Cringer retrieve Prince Adam's sword and rescue Prince Adam? Will He-Man stop Skeletor and destroy his invisibility helmet? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He-Man. And the Masters of the Universe. I am Adam, Prince of Eternia. Defender of the secrets of Castle Grayskull. This is Cringer, my fearless friend. Fabulous secret powers were revealed to me the day I held aloft my magic sword and said, by the power of Grayskull. I have the power! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cringer became the mighty Battle Cat, and I became He-Man, the most powerful man in the universe. Only three others share this secret: Our friends the Sorceress, Man-at-Arms, and Orko. Together we defend Castle Grayskull from, the evil forces of Skeletor. It's done, Skeletor. I set up your activator. Near Mount Krona. Krona is the biggest volcano in all of Eternia. When it erupts, it will destroy everything. The fertile plains, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The royal palace, everyone will be forced to flee. And when they do, we will make our move on Castle Grayskull. Watch! Never seen it this hot. Elmas, look! The volcano is eruptin'. We better warn the others. Look up there! It's He-Man! A volcanic eruption! Time to put this baby back to sleep. He-Man smothered the volcano. Too bad, I don't have time for a steam bath. Thanks, He-Man! He-Man again! He's too smart for us, Skeletor. For you Beast Man, but not for me. I have a plan to stop him for good. But how? With these two helmets. Two very special helmets. I will walk into the Royal Palace and take Adam prisoner. No one will even see me, for my helmet and I will be invisible. Once I have the Prince, He-Man won't be far behind. This place is a mess. When was the last time you saw the floor in here? Where I come from, we never had to clean our rooms. Well, you do here. I hate cleaning my room, this could take all year. My ol' bag 'o tricks. Maybe I can find a little magic to clean up this mess. What's this? My old wand. Now, what are the right words? Lets see... Hoblins, Goblins, Witches brew, nah not that, hmm. Oh, How about this: Upside, downside, in between, Magic wand make the room clean! Oh well. Last try. Let's see... Wand of Glass clean my room, sweeping through like a broom. Now we're cookin'. My father's really something Adam. The Royal Zoo needed some wolfbats, so he invented this. A beeper? What does it do? It attracts anything that flies. What's that? Help!... It's Orko. Woah! It's my old wand, I forgot how to stop it. Orko's magic does it again. My sword! It's gone. Uh oh! What have I done? I can't believe it, my sword really disappeared. It's all my fault. Please don't tell Man-At-Arms. What's the matter with you two? It was only a sword, and Orko can always get it back. I don't know how to get it back. Teela, alert your guards. We found Skeletor's Doom Buster in the woods, he must be nearby. On my way. Adam, it's time for He-Man. He-Man? Yes, well go ahead... I'll catch up. Thanks for not telling on me, Adam. That's okay, but we gotta find that sword. I know, without it we can't... Ssshh, what was that noise? It sounded as if someone just came in. Who's there? Just an old friend. Skeletor?! How did you get in? The same way we are going to get out. Oh no, you don't! When you can move again, you can tell your people. If they want Prince Adam back, send He-Man to get him. We'll be in the Banshee Jungle. So then my wand hit Adam's sword and it just, disappeared. Why didn't you tell me right away? I was afraid you'd be mad. Orko, hiding a problem won't make it go away. That's some problem. What are we gonna do? Maybe the Sorceress can help. I know what has happened. The answer's that your wand sent Adam's sword back in time. Into Eternia's past. Is there a way to get it? Possibly. There is a time corridor. But there are unknown dangers in the past. I cannot protect you from them. Well, we have to try?! We're not afraid. Oh, Speak for yourself. Very well, but Man-At-Arms must remain behind. Why? I want to help too. There are many ways to help. I have another task for you. Well, Cringer, it looks like it's just you and me. Enter the time corridor. So now we wait patiently for He-Man. What makes you think you can defeat He-Man? Even if he does come. A good question. Here's my answer. It turned to stone. As will He-Man. To be sure you don't escape. Laser bars. Enjoy your stay, Prince Adam! They may be waiting a long time for He-Man to show up. What's this? Man-At-Arms' beeper. Teela said it attracts anything that flies. Maybe I can attract Stratos. I just hope it brings Stratos before it brings, wolfbats. This thing is actually starting to look like He-Man. I wonder how Orko and Cringer are getting along? Will you come on? Don't rush me. So this is the past, huh? It looks pleasant enough. Yeow! It's just a swamp hopper, relax will ya. Do you mind? I get a little nervous, when I travel travel more than a hundred years away from home. Don't worry Cringer, I'll use my magic to defend us. Y-Your magic? I'm in even worse trouble than I thought. Uh oh, Wolfbats! Cringer, look! A... giant! And he's wearing one of my hats. He's got the sword. How are we gonna get it from him? Man-At-Arms always says: if you want something, ask politely. I don’t think he meant giants. Excuse me, sir, but I believe you have our sword. I see your point. Have a nice day! Okay, big shot, let's see your magic work now. I think that hat's a bit small. Try this on for size?! Cringer quick, the sword! Let's get back to the time corridor! I hope Adam's alright. Let's see if this robot works. Not bad. Not bad at all. Now back to Grayskull. I told you to quit yelling for help, now we got the whole jungle after us. Just remember, who got the sword. There's the corridor! There they are! Did you get the sword? Good work, you two. Now we have work to do. He-Man? You're back. But how...? No, no, it's just a robot of He-Man. Let's hope it fools Skeletor, the way it fooled you. Get out of there! Stratos! Adam! Stay away from those laser bars. They'll zap anything that touches them. How can I help? Find Man-At-Arms, tell him where I am. I'll find him. Count on that. He's in a laser cage, near the Cave of Cambro. We'll find him, you get word to Teela. Right! Now, it's time for our robot to go to work. Attak Trak, use your sensors to find Skeletor! Affirmative! Message: Understood. Try to decoy him if you can! What do you mean "if I can"? This time I'll have He-Man where I want him, and Eternia will be ours. "Ours" fur face? I meant yours... Yours, of course There he is, He-Man! Attack! The coward is running! Lets take him now! Adam! Are you alright? Am I glad to see you. Have you found the sword? Right here. Good work! I can't reach it! I can! I'm small enough to glide through the bars. No Orko, if you touch the bars, they sould destroy you. I made your sword disappear in the first place, now I'm gonna give it back to you. Nice going Orko! You really came through! This is the part I like. By the power of Grayskull! Oh, this is the part, I-I don't like. I have the power! Now to break this and smash through the wall! Thataway He-Man! I have a score to settle, with Skeletor. Now we have him! I've waited a long time for this. So He-Man, we meet again. Nothing to say? Whaddya say about being turned to stone? What's this? It's nothing but a robot. Fool, they've lured us away to take the Prince. Quick, back to the cave. Don't bother Skeletor. He-Man! Now, that was a kick! My Porta-Prison will hold you until we get you to the Prison Mines. At last, well just you and me. My invisiblity helmet. Let's see how you go against an enemy you can't see. Skeletor ?! Sitting down on the job He-Man? One thing's for sure, I won't stand for you. Over here! I think I know how to wrap you up, invisible or not. Orko, your robe, hurry! No! You won't be needing this! My Havoc Staff will take care of you! Lemme at him, He-Man! Let him go. He-Man, I-I don't understand. You will, watch. Now we'll see how clever you are, He-Man. No... Wolfbats! Too bad, Skeletor! Stop it, leave me alone! He-Man, how did you know the wolfbats would go after Skeletor? Your beeper. I slipped it on Skeletor's belt when I put Orko's robe on him. Quick thinking! Way to go He-Man, let's get back to the Palace and tell the King. All you're gonna do when you get back, is clean your room. Maybe I could use some magic and help me and... Orko! Well, I just thought because I... Orko! Well, I guess I don't absolutely have to use magic but... Orko! Alright, alright, I promise, no magic. Thank goodness! Being the most powerful man in the universe isn't all that makes He-Man such a great hero. Being strong is fine, but there's something even better. In today's story, He-Man used something even more powerful than his muscles to beat Skeletor. Do you know what that was? If you said 'his brain,' you were right. And just like a muscle, your brain is something that can develop to give yourself great power. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 