He-Man and the Masters of the Universe: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe 
 s1e9 - The Dragon Invasion - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe (1983–1985): Season 1, Episode 9 - The Dragon Invasion - full transcript 
 Skeletor and Beast Man steal baby dragon eggs and use a growth serum on them in order to have them attack He-Man and the others. While He-Man is distracted, Skeletor attacks Grayskull and captures Sorceress inside the Dragon Pearl. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He-Man. And the Masters of the Universe. I am Adam, Prince of Eternia. Defender of the secrets of Castle Grayskull. This is Cringer, my fearless friend. Fabulous secret powers were revealed to me the day I held aloft my magic sword and said, by the power of Grayskull. I have the power! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cringer became the mighty Battle Cat, and I became He-Man, the most powerful man in the universe. Only three others share this secret: Our friends the Sorceress, Man-at-Arms, and Orko. Together we defend Castle Grayskull from, the evil forces of Skeletor. They are ready for transporting, Beast Man. The dragon's eggs. And the dragon pearl... Mer-Man found it in the Slime Swamp. The fool traded it to me for Eternian silver. He doesn't know it's value. He doesn't know... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The mother dragon. Stop her, Beast Man. Stop! I command you... She is protecting her eggs, Skeletor. I can't control her. I think we'd better leave. A lot of good you are, Beast-brain, and you'll leave when I tell you to. Get the Air-Cart out of here before she comes back, and do it now. What makes you think you can always order me around? This! Now move! Well, little dragons. You'll soon be in your new home. We'll take the last plate now, Orko. Ah. Boy, am I stuffed! Pity, you're not not two Orkos. You could eat twice as much. Not a bad idea. Wow, that never worked before. If I were four Orkos I could eat four times as much. Now, there are four of me. I'll bet I'm four times as powerful a magician. You are not, I'm four times as powerful. Says who? I'm four times as powerful. No. I am! Me! Stop it. Hey guys! Hold it! Why can't you co-operate? You know, use some teamwork. Teamwork, us? When things look bad, teamwork's the answer. Okay, we'll give it a shot? Hey! We did it. Oh well. It was fun while it lasted. That trick wasn't supposed to shake the room. A baby dragon! Isn't it cute? Look! It's growing larger! Look out. Your Majesties, come with me. Adam, get the guards. I don't think I care for baby dragons. By the power of Grayskull! I have the power! C'mon, dragon-face. Take your best shot. Now, He-Man. Just hold that pose, flame-face! Need a hand, He-Man? The more, the merrier. Here I come! Ready or not! Thats the hardest dragon I ever rammed. You missed. That's better. How convenient. I was looking for something... to test my new stasis-ray on. It won't be able to move for hours. Where could that dragon have come from? Well, Beast Man has the power to control animals, and Skeletor, controls Beast Man. I'm so powerful, I even impress myself! Gah, but you don't impress me. Some day, I'll show you what power really is. Did you say something? No, nothing, Skeletor. Good, the growth serum works perfectly. Baby dragons grow to... full size in less than a minute. And if you think thats magic, wait till you see what I do... with the Dragon's Pearl. Teela, Avion has just been attacked by a... Let me guess: a dragon. Right, how did you know? Dragon eggs are falling from the sky all over Eternia. Look! It's time for your nap, Flame Thrower. A good thing my father made more than one Stasis Ray. Now! There. That oughta hold him for a while. This dragon hunting, is tiring business. I'm afraid there's no time for rest. There are more dragons waiting in the Mystic Mountains. My plan has worked perfectly. While He-Man and his friends are busy... battling the dragon invasion... we will enter Castle Grayskull. The space portal will transport us there. Follow me. Our new home: Castle Grayskull! We can't get in. He-Man and the Sorceress have stopped us everytime we've tried. He-Man's gone, and as for the Sorceress... Not even she is strong enough to resist the Dragon Pearl. Sorceress? I will control Castle Grayskull. Stop me, if you dare. Your power is no match for mine, Skeletor. Go back to Snake Mountain, Skeletor. We have enough trouble without you showing up. Trouble? I'll show you trouble, Sorceress! Evil-Lyn, focus your magic here. The Dragon Pearl will make it a hundred times stronger. I... I must get help. He-Man! He-Man! He-Man, come to Grayskull. Come on, the Sorceress is calling. There's trouble at Grayskull. You trapped the Sorceress in the Dragon Pearl. At last, Castle Grayskull and all it's secrets are mine! He-Man will not set foot in Grayskull again. What, in Eternia, is going on? Grayskull has fallen, He-Man. To me! The Sorceress is my prisoner... and with her power added to the Dragon Pearl... all of Eternia will be mine! There's no science or sorcery... that's hot enough to burn through that force field. It looks bad. When things look bad, teamwork's the answer. Hey, thats it! I remember what Adam said. Maybe teamwork's the answer. That's it. Let's bring all the dragons here. But Beast Man controls them. Then we'll control Beast Man. C'mon. Are you sure the Sorceress cannot escape from the Dragon Pearl? I transported the Dragon Pearl, back to Snake Mountain. Away from Grayskull, the Sorceress is powerless to resist. The Dragon Pearl is draining away her magic. When it has it all... she will be part of the Dragon Pearl forever. And her power will be mine! Snake Mountain. We may be playing right into Skeletor's hands. Well, we'll have to chance it. This is our only hope to save Grayskull. This place gives me the creeps. Lets hope it also gives us Beast Man. You called, He-Man? I'll destroy you, He-Man. Stand back, He-Man! This will quiet him down. Now, as for you, dragon. Looks like these dragons aren't so bad after all, when Beast Man isn't controlling them. Take him back, Teela. We'll need all the firepower we can get to... break through that force field. Where are you going? The mother dragon has to be somewhere nearby. And I think we'll need her help. Stratos, all the dragons have become friendly. I know, He-Man and Teela must have found Beast Man. Let's get them to Grayskull. But how can the dragons help us get into Grayskull? How else? Teamwork, remember. Fire when ready, dragons! It has to work. What? Orko was right. With the dragons working together as a team... not even Skeletor's forcefield could resist. Stop them! I won... I think. Skeletor! Not a chance. too bad about the others, but at least I escaped. Not for long. You've had it, Skeletor. We'll see about that. I win, He-Man. Your Sorceress is trapped inside the Dragon Pearl! Her power is now mine! Help! Hang on, Skeletor. He-Man, you're a fool. You know I wouldn't have saved you. I guess I value life more than you do, Skeletor. Even yours. Well, I value this. Take your last look. You won't see it again. Oh no, no! Well, at least you'll never see... your precious Sorceress again. Thank you. Well, let's go home, Zoar. That's the last of them. They're on their way back to their mother. What happened to Evil-Lyn and the rest of Skeletor's group? Evil-Lyn's magic was strong enough to call up another space portal... they escaped through it. Well, I can't say I'm sorry to see them go... but I have a feeling... they'll be back. You know, one of those baby dragons... might have made a nice pet. Hey, I said might have. Hey, take it easy. Stop that. Oh, this is... embarrassing. In today's story, Skeletor tried to conquer Eternia... by using animals in an evil way. Animals, like all living things... should be treated with kindness and respect. I hope that those of you who have a dog or cat... or maybe even a hamster, remember that. When we have a pet... we also have a responsibility... because they depend on us. But you can be sure of one thing... however much we love them, they return that love, and more. Well, time for me to disappear. Bye! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 