He-Man and the Masters of the Universe: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe 
 s1e2 - The Shaping Staff - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe (1983–1985): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Shaping Staff - full transcript 
 After He-Man takes on Man-At Arm's training equipment in a training simulation, Prince Adam arrives late for dinner, as Orko is entertaining as a clown, a mysterious stranger with magical powers called Majestra arrives to entertain the royal family. But Orco learns Majestra is Evil-Lyn and Evil-Lyn and Beastman have discovered a magic wand "The Shaping Staff" and Beastman disguises himself as King Randor and turns the real King Randor into a goat and Orco into a cricket, as Skeletor's latest scheme to rule Eternia. Can He-Man and the Sorceress break the spell and destroy the Staff and restore King Randor and Orco back to normal? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He-Man. And the Masters of the Universe. I am Adam, Prince of Eternia. Defender of the secrets of Castle Grayskull. This is Cringer, my fearless friend. Fabulous secret powers were revealed to me the day I held aloft my magic sword and said, by the power of Grayskull. I have the power! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cringer became the mighty Battle Cat, and I became He-Man, the most powerful man in the universe. Only three others share this secret: Our friends the Sorceress, Man-at-Arms, and Orko. Together we defend Castle Grayskull from, the evil forces of Skeletor. I'd say your new training equipment is a success, Duncan. What's left of it you mean? We can pick up the pieces later, right now Prince Adam is going to be late for dinner unless... I hurry. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, I'll see you there. Good evening, ladies and lords! I thought there'd be a full house tonight. But no matter, Orko the Great will entertain you all with a dazzling display of amazing magic. Hey, that's not supposed to happen. It'd really be amazing if he ever learns how to work that silly wand. Father. I heard that Man-At-Arms. You better have some respect for my magic, or I'll... Oh, just watch this! And now the tricky part, I must have absolute silence, I must concentrate. Concentrate... Bravo! Greetings Mother, Father. Sorry I'm late. Perfect timing, as usual, Prince Adam. Sorry Orko. You could at least make an effort to get here on time. Sorry Teela, but you know how time flies when you're... heh... having fun. That's the trouble. You're ALWAYS having fun. Really, son. Such conduct is not worthy of a future king. I think Adam inherited from me what we earthlings call a "sense of humor." Well he'll need more than that if he wants to rule some day. I'll be ready, Father, but not for a long, long time, I hope. Oh very well, son. On with the magic, Orko! Now you're talking, Your Majesty. Behold, Demon Dust, the very thing to conjure up a fearful creature from beyond. Lucky for us, the biggest thing he's ever conjured up was a rabbit. "Now, by the powers of wizard and elf, I command you demon, show yourself." Look, the spell is working! It is? Hey, it is. Galloping galaxy, how'd I do that? That's no demon. You can say that again. Forgive my sudden arrival, Your Highnesses. I am Magestra, a traveling magician. I have come hoping to entertain you all with my wondrous illusions. Welcome, Magestra! I'm sure we'd all love to see your illusions, however we already have a court magician. But father, I don't think Orko would mind. Sharing the stage with one as talented and as fair as Magestra. What? My thanks, little one. Here, for you! Show off. Proceed, Magestra. Let us have music, then! Harmonies pleasing to kingly ears. Huh, Big deal! And now, Your Majesties, the most mystifying spell of all! Behold! The cabinet of wonders! To all outside appearances, an ordinary box. But inside... Just what is inside? See for yourself, Sire. Now? "Spirits of magic from far and near, make His Majesty disappear"! What evil wizardry is this? Wait, your king is unharmed. Here he is. That's some trick. Well, magic has certainly sharpened your appetite. Your Highness?! Oh... oh, well done Magestra, yes, very entertaining. I invite you to stay with us a while longer my dear. You're too kind, Sire. Come, I'll have the guards show you to your room. Nicely done, fool. You nearly ruined everything. You worry too much, no one suspects us. There's something funny going on here, and I'm gonna find out what it is. Arise, Your Highness, and greet your guests. Oh. The last thing I remember, I was in the banquet hall. What? It's impossible, it's me. You're no simple magician, who are you? I see, the time for deception, has ended. Evil-Lyn! Beast Man! You fiends dare to come to palace Eternia, itself? I dare anything, Your Highness. Now that I wield the shaping staff. This legendary wand can transform any matter in the universe. But the shaping staff is just a myth, a fairy tale. It was just a myth, until Beast Man and I found it in a hidden cave near the Crystal Sea. Soon, I will hand it over to my master, Skeletor. But first, I decided to test the wand here. On you. Let you who were once king of Eternia, now be king of goats! Now, with you posing as the real King, Beast Man, Skeletor will rule Eternia! Through you! Get him! We can't let him tell the others! Stop him! I-I'm trying, but he jumps around like a blasted cricket. Huh? Then a cricket he shall be! Prince Adam, Prince Adam... That takes care of him. Behold Skeletor, the Shaping Staff, as I promised. Well done, Evil-Lyn! Now we begin, Phase 2. Tomorrow Beast Man and I, in disguise, will lead the forces of Eternia to Grayskull! There I will hand over the Shaping Staff to you, and then... Then we shall defeat the forces of Eternia, in one fell swoop! You be careful now. You must make Prince Adam believe, that you are his father. You worry too much. You sent for us, Sire? Yes, Adam, I've been speaking with Magestra, about the old castle in the forest. It's time we made Grayskull, a part of our kingdom. But why father? What use could Grayskull be to us? If you've no taste for conquest, you can stay behind. Man-At-Arms, ready the troops, we march tomorrow. Yes, Sire! But why this sudden interest in the castle? I mean surely there are more important... You're a fine one to talk of importance, Adam. You, and your lazy ways. Come Magestra, we have much to do. It's not like my father'd ever consider attacking, Grayskull. He's always been a man of peace. Well, maybe I can reason with him in the morning. He's getting suspicious. Leave him to me. After tonight, we won't have to worry about Prince Adam. Who's there? A-Adam, are you asleep yet? Cringer, what do you want at this time of night? Well... it does get rather drafty sleeping outside, y'know. T-To say nothing of... Scared, huh? Alright, come on in, old cat. Now what? A cricket! A-Adam, it's me! Orko! The king is a fake... It's Beast Man with Evil-Lyn... Pl-Please help! If he's a fake, where's my father? He's in the dungeon! Don't worry Orko, we'll help you, and rescure my father. Let's go Cringer. Oh, Do we have to? Do you want me to go alone? Y-You sure you w-want me to answer that... By the power of Grayskull! I have the power! Oh, I hate this part. Good evening, Prince... He-Man! Evil-Lyn and Beast Man! So, Adam's fears were right. Yes, my enemy, but you'll not stop us. My sword can deflect magical bolts, Evil-Lyn, or didn't you know that? Beast Man, help me! Father, that noise! I know. it came from Adam's room! I can't see! He-Man! Evil-Lyn! Get back before she reaches that staff! I already have it, fool! Ah, I can see again! Although you can deflect the Staff's magic, your friends cannot. Teela... Surrender He-Man, or Teela will remain a little frog forever! Now, for you... First, free Teela from your spell! No! She will join the others, in my menagerie. Don't you recognize them, He-Man? It's the former King of Eternia, and his court clown. Release them, you evil witch, or I'll... You'll do nothing! Except change. There. A handsome golden present, for Skeletor! Gotcha! Bah! You two are not worth bothering about. To Grayskull! I will make another He-Man, an evil one, called Faker! I have done it! A perfect likeness of He-Man! Sometimes my power, even amazes me. Faker, you must get the Sorceress to leave Grayskull. Outside the castle, her magic is weaker, and I can overpower her. In this dim light, she'll think you're He-Man. Call her, Faker! Yes, master. Sorceress, Sorceress, please hear me! He-Man! What brings you here at this hour? I've been hurt. There's something wrong... Your voice sounds different, He-Man. That's because I was ambushed, by Skeletor. I-I can't think clearly. Stay there, I'll come to you. Where are you? Right here, Sorceress! Evil-Lyn! You should not have left your castle! Here my power is as strong as yours! Now that you're here, perhaps you'd like a taste of the Shaping Staff. Remain rooted to that spot forever, Sorceress, as a harmless tree. No! No! Very good Evil-Lyn! I could have taken care of her myself, of course, but this fate is more fitting. Soon, Man-At-Arms will lead his troops here to rescue He-Man and his friends. Let them come! I'll face them with the combined powers of the shaping staff, and Castle Grayskull. Sorceress, even in this transformed state, I can still sense your thoughts. Use your magic to break the spell. I-I can't. Evil-Lyn's power... Too strong. Can't... Resist. You've got to try, for all our sakes. Yes, must try. Must... break the spell. Quick Skeletor! The wand! We don't need a wand. Not with Faker here. You, forget, He-Man, I have your power too. Let's see how well you can use that power. How do you like that, Hero? I don't like it Faker, and I like you even less. It's a long way down, He-Man. Need a hand? In this case, a leg will do, just fine. Wait, stop! With this staff I can rescue Faker from the bottomless gorge, but first you and I, have some unfinished business. Have a nice trip down, Man-At-Arms! I must break his fall. Meddler, you'll pay for that. The staff... Get the staff. Oh no you don't. The only way to break your evil spell is like this. Thanks, He-Man. C'mon, let's get out of here. No, the staff is still strong enough to stop them. Fools, with one wave of this wand, I'll turn you all into... That'll teach you to fool around with magic. Curse you all! Once I've restored Evil-Lyn and Faker, I'll be back to have vengeance! So swears, Skeletor! Well, it's good to be on the throne. It's good to have you back, Father. And i-i-it's good to have you back, little buddy. Thanks Cringe. Y'now I don't think I'd like to be a cricket, but I sure wish I knew how to do that trick. Adam, it's too bad you weren't around. We certainly could have used some help. Thank goodness, He-Man showed up. Funny, he's always there when we need him. Well, I hope I can meet him someday. I'd really like to thank him for helping us out. And for bringing my father back. Thank you, son and now I think we all deserve some fun. Orko, let's have some magic! Your wish is my command. Now, for my first trick... For my first trick, I'm gonna disappear... In today's story, you saw what happened when a stranger came to the palace, she turned out to be evil and dangerous. Of course, turning people into animals is only make-believe, but there is nothing make-believe about how dangerous some strangers can be in real life. Never accept any food or toys or money from strangers. Don't even talk to them. No matter what a stranger may say, never go away with them. Terrible things have happened to some kids who did. The smart thing is to just walk away, or in my case just float away. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 