He-Man and the Masters of the Universe: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe 
 s1e12 - Evil-Lyn's Plot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe (1983–1985): Season 1, Episode 12 - Evil-Lyn's Plot - full transcript 
 Skeletor wants the Coridite, from Widget Fortress, in order to make his own armor to match He-Man's. Evil-Lyn disguises herself in order to gain access to it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He-Man. And the Masters of the Universe. I am Adam, Prince of Eternia. Defender of the secrets of Castle Grayskull. This is Cringer, my fearless friend. Fabulous secret powers were revealed to me the day I held aloft my magic sword and said, by the power of Grayskull. I have the power! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cringer became the mighty Battle Cat, and I became He-Man, the most powerful man in the universe. Only three others share this secret: Our friends the Sorceress, Man-at-Arms, and Orko. Together we defend Castle Grayskull from, the evil forces of Skeletor. Squinch! Who goes there? Put that pig sticker down before you hurt someone. Oh sorry, Kando. You're here to guard the fort, not play games. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Uh, yes sir, sir. All's well up here, huh? Oh shucks. It's quieter than flea's hiccup. Well, with what we're guarding in our mines, we can't be too careful. The Widgets' fortress... once I break in, I'll get what I need to finish ... He-Man, once and for all. Forwards, my lackeys, in the name of destruction! Hi Squinch. Oh, hallo there, Lara. What are you doing up here? You are my boyfriend, remember? I thought you might be lonesome all by yourself. Oh, I don't have time to get lonesome. No, indeedy no! A guard's gotta be on his toes all the time. Always ready to react to the least, little sound. It's a whole gang of monsters! With Skeletor in the lead. Skeletor? Oh yikes, we gotta do something like... like sounding the alarm! Yes, right, sounding the alarm! Here they come. What are we gonna do? This grease will slow them down. Hey, pretty slick work there, Lara. Squinch, don't just stand there. They'll try the south wall next. I'll get 'em. Uh... nice kitty kitty! Witless fools, do I have to do everything for you? Skeletor is breaking through! Our only hope is to alert our old friend He-Man. I pray he sees our signal. Well, it's good to get out of the Palace now and then, right, Cringer? Oh... All this exercise is making me sleepy. Well, just be thankful you don't have to work as hard as that Slotto. Come on, boy, you can make it. Oh no! Uh oh, no time to rest now, Cat. By the power of Grayskull. I have the power! Did you uh, lose something? He-Man! There you go, fella, good as new. Thanks, He-Man. I don't know what we'd have done without you. I'm glad I could help, have a safe trip. Keep a sharp look out, Cat, we might find others... that need our help today. I see something, already. That's the Widget signal. They only use that in the worst emergencies. To Widget woods. Hurry! Victory! Now get in there, you two. Line up, little friends. Our master wants a word with you. Kando, step forward. Skeletor has come for you. You have no business here. You go away and leave us alone. I shall, little commander, as soon as you give me your Coridite. Coridite? Never! Very well, perhaps my pet, Panthor, will put you in a... more reasonable state of mind. Lets see you pick on someone your own size, skull-face! He-Man! He-Man. Stop him, you fools! So, you want to play snap-the-whip, eh? Mer-Man, let's take him from both sides. You think you're handy with that sword, huh? Well, try this: Anything you can pitch, I can hit back. No! Curse you, He-Man. Some day I'll have the power to destroy you. Some day! Thanks, He-Man. I thought we were doomed. What was Skeletor after, anyway? Our Coridite. But he didn't get any! Coridite? That's what the Sorceress fashioned this harness from. It helps add to my power. It's too powerful for us to use. So we keep what little we find... hidden in our mines. Yeah! Deep down where no one's gonna find it. Well I hope you're right, Squinch. I'd hate to think what would happen if Skeletor got his hands on it. Dolts! Half-wits! Bunglers! Brainless idiots! You couldn't even beat a motley group of gnomes! But, Skeletor. It was He-Man who... He-Man, always He-Man! If you had gotten your wretched hands on the Widgets' Coridite... He-Man would be in my power now. Get out of my sight. Morons! As usual, you overreact, Skeletor. How else can I act, when I'm surrounded by such fools! If I could fashion the Widgets' Coridite into an amulet... it would work with my own dark powers... giving me the added strength to destroy He-Man. True! But what you need, is a clever ally to get it for you. In this form... the Widgets will never suspect my real identity. Once they take me into their confidence, the Coridite will be ours. For your sake, this had better work. Don't worry, those kind-hearted fools would... never turn away a girl in distress. Right, Panthor? Help! Oh, help! What... what's that? Hey! Skeletor's mean kitty is after some poor gal! Shoo, get outta here, you purple pest. Yeah, beat it, beast. Are you alright? I, think so. Why don't you come with us and rest for a while? Oh, thank you. You're very kind. She did it. She's inside, and soon the Coridite will be mine! I don't know how to thank you for saving me. Oh, it's alright, Miss, uh say... What is your name? I'm Nadira. I was walking out in the forest when I got lost... then that horrible beast started chasing me. Well, don't worry, you're safe here. But, I was travelling with my family when I got lost. What if I never see them again? Why, we know the forest like we know our own mines. We'll find her parents, won't we? Yeah. Sure we will. All for it. Oh thank you. Squinch, you just stay here and take good care of Miss Nadira. Will do, Kando. Don't worry, missy. Kando will find your folks. Aw. Maybe this will cheer you up. Oh, how pretty! Yeah, we got a whole mine full of 'em. Really? Oh! I'd love to see them. Well, how'd you like those, eh? Oh, they're beautiful! But what's behind that door? No, sorry, we don't allow nobody back there, it's too risky. Oh, what does a brave, strong guard like you, have to be scared about? Well, you gotta promise not to touch anything. We call it Coridite. We don't have much, but well, if you use it right, it can really pack a wallop. At last! Hey, you promised. Evil-Lyn. You little fool! You've just sealed He-Man's doom... and your own as well! Help! Help! That's Squinch. Something's wrong. C'mon. The Widgets are coming back. But they won't stop me. Get down. So, Skeletor and Evil-Lyn seek to duplicate He-Man's mighty powers. This must not be. It's Zoar. He-Man, Evil-Lyn has stolen the Widget's Coridite. Even now Skeletor is shaping it in the fires of Volcano Cave. Skeletor has the Widgets' Coridite. There's no time to lose. Of all the stupid things to do! Leading a stranger, an enemy... into our mines? Squinch didn't know she was an enemy, Kando. Thats no excuse. Well, you're right, it is no excuse, and I'm gonna get our Coridite back! Wait, where are you going? To Volcano Cave. That's the only place Skeletor can melt it. Once the Coridite is hot enough... I'll mold it into the image of my own breastplate. When worn against my skin, it will add to my strength a hundred times over... making me mighty enough to crush He-Man! That's a pretty big boast, Skeletor. Would you care to prove it? He-Man! You mind the Coridite. I'll stop him. Demon of Stone, come forth! Your mistress commands. Now, with one magical gesture, the spell will be complete. Now I have the power! Come face me, He-Man... power against power. Skeletor. This is the way it had to end! With Skeletor triumphant at last! No! He-Man's winning! But no matter, with one... well-timed spell, I'll... Who dares? We've come to help, He-Man. You little pests... I'll turn you all into toads for this. Oh, we'd love to stick around, Miss. Nadira... but as you seem to be tied up. Squinch, come on! Why you... You! Fool, you'll never defeat me, I have your power too. The only real power comes from inside, Skeletor. From courage, honor and other things you wouldn't understand! Brave words, He-Man. We'll see if they save you the next time we meet. I want to thank you again for all your help. Well, if it hadn't been for me, we wouldn't have gotten into trouble to begin with. Well, don't worry, Squinch. You're not the first to fall for the charms of a pretty face. Oh, I'll tell ya, He-Man, Oh, I'm through with women with for good! Oh, you are, huh? Oh, I didn't mean you, Lara, I mean pretty women. What! No, uh... you're pretty, for one of the guys. Oh, for one of the guys, huh? Ooh. Ow. No! Hi-ya. In today's story you saw how the Widgets were fooled... by Evil-Lyn's disguise. They learned that bad things can be made to look good... and why we should always be careful and question everything that doesn't seem right. But it works both ways, and that's why the saying "You can't judge a book by its cover" is so important. What it means is that appearances can be deceiving... and you shouldn't judge books, or people, by the way they look. It's what's inside that really counts. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 