He-Man and the Masters of the Universe: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe 
 s1e8 - The Time Corridor - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe (1983–1985): Season 1, Episode 8 - The Time Corridor - full transcript 
 The Sorceress summons Prince Adam, Man-At-Arms, Orco and Cringer to Castle Greyskull whilst having a picnic, where they learn Skeletor has traveled back in time to the past where Skeletor plots to destroy Castle Greyskull with the Wheel of Infinity. Sent back into the past, He-Man, Man-At-Arms, Orco and Battlecat helped by a woman named Zilora sets out to stop Skeletor who has joined forces with the Snake Clan where Skeletor plans to destroy Castle Greyskull by spinning the Wheel of Infinity. Will He-Man being able to save Castle Greyskull from destruction? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He-Man. And the Masters of the Universe. I am Adam, Prince of Eternia. Defender of the secrets of Castle Grayskull. This is Cringer, my fearless friend. Fabulous secret powers were revealed to me the day I held aloft my magic sword and said, by the power of Grayskull. I have the power! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cringer became the mighty Battle Cat, and I became He-Man, the most powerful man in the universe. Only three others share this secret: Our friends the Sorceress, Man-at-Arms, and Orko. Together we defend Castle Grayskull from, the evil forces of Skeletor. At last. I have it, Skeletor. The Wheel of Infinity. The ultimate key to the destruction of Castle Grayskull. Great power, Skeletor. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But is it enough to destroy Grayskull? When the Wheel is in the right spot, there won't be a Castle Grayskull... and I shall rule all Eternia. What about He-Man? Where we're going, even He-Man can't stop us. And where is that? We are going back in time. To a time when there was no Castle Grayskull. Marvelous day for a picnic. And some magic. Lets see... Ah... just the thing. Tasty prize, double the size. Now there's a useful trick. I believe thats big enough. Must have overdone it. Oh well. Orko! Zoar! She's summoning us to Castle Grayskull. Let's go. The only place I want to go is home. Thank you for coming. There is danger lurking. Look into the window of time and see the danger. Skeletor! That demon is building a fortress, but where? Here, on the very spot where Castle Grayskull stands. Thats impossible. Isn't it? Unfortunately no. Skeletor has opened a corridor of time, and traveled back to Eternia's past. What good will a fortress in the past do? The fortress protects the Wheel of Infinity. If Skeletor starts the wheel spinning, it will go faster and faster... and grow larger and larger, until it is fast enough and big enough... to destroy this castle. And Skeletor's evil will rule Eternia. You must go back in time and stop Skeletor. The let's do it. By power of Grayskull. Oh, I was afraid this would happen. I have the power! The language of Eternia's past will be strange to you. But Orko will know what to do about it. I will, I mean yeah... yes of course. I will... I hope. Time is delicate, He-Man. Do your job swiftly. So, this is is what Evergreen Forest looked like in the past. Yeah and I guess thats what Eternians looked like. Sanda cata, cata shiaru. Easy, Battle Cat, we want to be friends. Orko, the Sorceress said you could make sense of their language. Right, eh, if I could just remember that spell. Let's see, uh, Scribbledydo Scrabbledy. Oh no. Na cana, sharacota. C'mon, Orko. They're headed this way. Scrabbledee doo, Sickledee shin. I mean, Shabblethis magic Wait, that's it. Scrabbledee magic, scribbledeedeer, and now by this magic, words be clear. Shara tomma. Ah. You do serve, the Ghost Face. Galloping galaxies. I - I did it! He-Man, she said Ghost Face. She must mean Skeletor? We are friends, we want to help you. You've got to believe me, we... Dragosaur. My blaster won't work. Look out, He-Man! We're lucky that wind came along. Not luck, Man-At-Arms. My magic. I don't know why, but my magic seems stronger here. It's not that it wasn't always great... Help... Let's move it. Missed, Dragonbreath? Have you out in a minute folks. C'mon. He-Man, the pit's clear. Back, Battle Cat. Okay, you big bully. Come and get us. That should hold worm-face for a little bit. You have proved yourself friends to the Snake Clan, He-Man. How may we help you? Tell us everything you know about Skeletor, the one you call 'Ghost Face'. He came to our land, a short while ago. And with his evil power, took control of Ollo, Master of the Ape Clan. Once, The Ape Men were our friends. Now they hunt us, trapping our people... and forcing them to work as slaves in the fortress of the Ghost Face. Can you lead us to this fortress? Ah. I don't wish to see you destroyed. Don't worry, we'll be careful. And we do have surprise on our side. That's what you think, He-Man. Ollo, gather your warriors. We'll show He-Man a little surprise of our own. At once, Skeletor. It's too quiet. Then let's make a little noise. Give up, Skeletor, or we'll turn your fortress into toothpicks. Let's see you try it, fool. Let's get him. For Eternia and Grayskull. Stop them. Fire. Mind if we drop in, Skeletor? Ape Men, get them. That club would make a fine toothpick. That should cool him off. And now for you, Ghost Face. Not so fast, my pretty. Have a little sleeping gas. He-Man, they got Zilora. Skeletor, stop! Too late, fools. Now you have a choice, save Castle Grayskull... or try to save this woman from Dragosaur Isle. [laughing] There it is, Dragosaur Isle. He-Man's here. Good! While he wastes his time trying to rescue Zilora... The moment I have waited for, approaches. This time, I can't lose. But what'll we do, if he comes here? The Terrors of the Jungle will take care of him. And if they don't, we'll do it ourselves! Help! Hang on, Orko! Phew, thanks, He-Man. That silly weed almost had me for lunch. Let's keep alert. I'm sure thats only the first of Skeletor's nasty tricks. I guess that'll teach Skeletor, not to bug us. So He-Man and his friends have survived. Welcome, He-Man. Fang Man, attack! Get them, my beauties. We've got company, He-Man. Those big lizards could use a little rest. My beauties! You'll all pay for this. Here's something for your beauty to chew on, Fang Man. Hold it, Skeletor. You're too late. This spell will trap her forever between time and space. Help me, He-Man. I'm coming. Stay back. This cage is alive with Skeletor's magic. Help. Thank you. Oh, thank you. Good work. Not good enough. Skeletor got away. He-Man, listen. The window of time will soon draw you back. You have only a little while to stop Skeletor. Sorceress, can you help us? I shall do what I can. Oh, not again. Skeletor! Agh, get them. Hold them off, I'll stop Skeletor. I thought my blasters might work again. The moment has come. Skeletor. He-Man, you won't stop me now. You've had it, Skull Face. I'll show you power. You want power, Skeletor? Fool. Try this! At last I won, the wheel spins! I... I can't... stop it. No one can stop it. It will spin throughout time, moving faster... growing larger until in years to come it... explode, destroying Castle Grayskull forever. Maybe I can't stop it, but I bet I can speed it up. No! Stop! Fool! You've broken loose the Time Wheel. It will explode! You may have saved Grayskull, but you've doomed yourself! No time to think my way out, only one thing to do. Jumping Jupiter, what was that? That's what Skeletor had planned for Grayskull. He just forgot to plan on He-Man. Welcome back, He-Man. You did well. All of you. What happened to Zilora? I liked her. All I can say is that through your efforts... the Snake Clan and the Ape Clan will be friends again. And together they'll build the world that is our Eternia. You have the thanks of Castle Grayskull, He-Man. And now, I must make sure that Skeletor's... time corridor is closed forever. Farewell. Now thats what I call real magic. As we've just seen, Skeletor went back into the past... to make evil things happen. In reality, no one can go back into the past, that's only make-believe. But we can try to learn from the past... from things that have happened to us and try to... apply them toward being better people today. Remember, it's today that counts. So make it the best day possible. Until next time this is He-Man, wishing you good health and good luck. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 