He-Man and the Masters of the Universe: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe 
 s1e11 - Masks of Power - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe (1983–1985): Season 1, Episode 11 - Masks of Power - full transcript 
 He-Man, Man-At-Arms, and Orko explore the City of the Ancient Ones. Skeletor sends his new servants to the city to retrieve the Masks of Power. Unfortunately, the masks cause the ancient evil rulers, Demos and Tyrella, to return and go after the Sword of the Ancients. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He-Man. And the Masters of the Universe. I am Adam, Prince of Eternia. Defender of the secrets of Castle Grayskull. This is Cringer, my fearless friend. Fabulous secret powers were revealed to me the day I held aloft my magic sword and said, by the power of Grayskull. I have the power! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cringer became the mighty Battle Cat, and I became He-Man, the most powerful man in the universe. Only three others share this secret: Our friends the Sorceress, Man-at-Arms, and Orko. Together we defend Castle Grayskull from, the evil forces of Skeletor. Adam, we're never going to find the city of the Ancient Ones. Never say never, Orko. Then we're hardly ever going to find it, alright? Oops! And be careful when you say, 'Alright'. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Let's move on. According to what the Sorceress told us... we should be very near. Wait for me. Orko, Man-At-Arms? We're here! The City of the Ancients. There's some kind of power in the air... I feel it. I'm not sure it's friendly either. The Ancient Ones did have incredible power, Orko... power we must rediscover and use for the good of all. Adam, Orko, look out. The Sorceress said, the spirits of the last rulers... might be haunting this place. You don't suppose these are... Evil Wizard, Demos, and his Witch Queen Tyrella... the last rulers of the City of the Ancients. That bird gives me the creeps. My robot bird has tracked them perfectly. The power of Demos soon will be mine. Where are Beast Man and Evil-Lyn? My warriors are never around when I need them. Skeletor? Who are you? My name is Aran, and I am, Una. We've learned much from your warriors. Now we want to prove our worth to you. Let us do your bidding. Whatever you ask, we shall accomplish. Indeed? Let's see if you're worthy to serve me. Very clever, that was quick thinking. What else can you do? Yes, your magic is strong. No more tests, Skeletor. Very good, young one. I like your spirit. Now, kneel before your master! Are you sure this is what we want, Aran? Yes, serving Skeletor will lead to power and glory. Now, do as he says. It is done, your task is to journey to the City of the Ancients... and return with the power masks of Demos. But that is impossible. The City of the Ancients has been lost for centuries. It was, but Prince Adam just found it for us. Well Adam, do you think any of these relics contain the secrets... we're looking for? Hey! Get me outta here! What do you think, Duncan? Should we leave him in there? Not a bad idea, unless of course, he intended to help with dinner. Alright, I'll help. Orko, bring me that pot of water. Sure thing, Man-At-Arms. Orko, can't you ever do anything like a normal alien? Be careful. Don't worry, Man-At-Arms. I've got it totally under control. Totally under control, eh? Did you see it? That awful , that terrifying face! Only awful thing I saw was your magic. Orko must have triggered some ancient power. Try something else. Pot rise in air. Oh well, I've been wrong before. Help, they're after me. I guess Adam was right after all, eh Orko? Oh, just my luck. Prince Adam is right in there. He doesn't know that the room he's looking for, is right under his feet. Here's the entrance. Can you lift this, Aran? If it leads to power, no task is too great! Lumino, cranda. This way. Let's take a look outside. I have a strange feeling, that we've got company. Look, someone is down there! I say we drop in on these mystery guests... and see if they're friends or... enemies. I wish you hadn't said that. I feel the Ancient Ones, they call to us. The Masks of Power. They're alive! Hear that noise? Something's about to happen to us. As soon as we put the masks on, the power will be all ours. Stop! You don't know what you're doing! You must not put the mask's on. Aran umm... maybe we shouldn't. We must seize the power for Skeletor. Look, they've changed. Just as the Sorceress warned... The poor fools have been possessed by the spirits of Demos and his Witch Queen. Yes, we are back and no one shall stop us again. Orko, Man-At-Arms, look out! I think it's time I made a change of my own. By the power of Grayskull. I have the power! Aha! Another enemy has come to test us. Not for long. The power square will hold him. We'll see about that. Enough of this play... The time has come to claim the Sword of the Ancients. I hate to mention this, but I think you're trapped. Correction, mortal, we have nowehere to go... but up. I'll get 'em, He-Man. Orko, no! Stop, I command you! He-Man, they're getting away. Don't worry. We'll see you're kept busy. Busy indeed. I, Demos, command Aroo, the Protector of the Masks... to awake! That doesn't sound very encouraging. That sounds even worse. Orko, you better float out of here. I, I can't, that blast must have knocked out my powers. Orko! He-Man, thank you. I'm always happy to give you a hand, or get you out of one. Orko, you've got to get the rope, and drop the rest of us a line. I better get back, before that over-sized beastie makes He-Man mad. He-Man, he's got me. Wanna arm wrestle. Coming, guys! Oh no, it's too short. I'd say we have a problem, a big one. Duncan, up the wall, quick. You don't have to say that again. Sorry we can't stay and play... but it's past your bedtime. I hope the Sorceress can tell us where Demos and Tyrella have gone, and, why they've come back to life. Castle Grayskull! Demos and Tyrella seek the Sword of the Ancients... and they must be stopped. I thought that sword was only a legend. Demos and Tyrella were only legends themselves, until today. Many centuries ago, The Sword of the Ancients was thrust... into a boulder of pure quartz, deep beneath Snake Mountain itself. That is where you will find Demos and Tyrella. Skeletor's not gonna be too happy about us dropping... in on his headquarters! Orko, maybe you better stay here and help defend Grayskull. Good idea. If you insist. Skeletor knows nothing of the sword's location, which is fortunate... because next to your magic sword, it is the most powerful weapon in Eternia. Demos and his Witch Queen must not succeed. Snake Mountain. At last. The Sword of the Ancients calls from its hiding place. It will not be long now. Who dares to enter the domain of Skeletor ? Who is this Skeletor? He looks familiar. It is of no matter, my queen. Skeletor, I think it is time you show better manners to your new masters. I command you to bow to us. I bow to no one. Is that so? We shall see. I see you decided, to bow after all. No one defies Skeletor. Oh no? Let's go. He maybe dangerous, once he gets free. I feel the pull of the Sword. This way. Let me out. There was no door there, before. What's going on? He-Man! You look right at home behind bars, Skeletor. Let me out. Looks like you've had some company. Tell us where they went. Why not? The four of you can battle it out... but only if you free me. Alright, where are they? They went through that wall. Now, keep your word. I hate to do this, but I did give my word. You'll never get through that wall. It's forty feet thick. Oh, really? I'll be back. For you. It has taken us centuries. The Sword of the Ancients shall be ours at last. Demos, look, the door! By the will of the Ancients, we command thee, open! I hope we're not too late. Whatever Demos and He-Man seek, must have incredible power. I can wait no longer, I must have it for myself! This portal should take me where I want to go. Behold, the Sword. And by the power of Grayskull, beholding it is all you're going to do. I thought we had taken care of these two. Well, we will just have to take care of them again. And you shall not escape either, He-Man. Uh oh! That wall looks hungry, and now, for the sword. Sorry guys I think i gave the wall a stomachache. I'll still stop you yet. Don't worry, I'll get us down. Demos, quick, take the Sword. He-Man, your Sword! No time now. I, Demos, claim the Sword of the Ancients. No! The sword is moving. No! I am the Sword of the Ancients, and I have awakened to battle... for freedom and justice, once more. You may have achieved your quest, He-Man, but I have your sword. Now, I want the Sword of the Ancients as well. It was foretold that I would join with another mighty sword... and that one has now appeared. May the two become one... and help He-Man defend Eternia. No! What... what's happening? The Power of Masks has been destroyed, Aran. I'm... I'm me again! The very power we were looking for, took us over... and controlled our spirits. Exactly, now you've seen what it is to serve the forces of evil. Is that what you want? I want no part of it. You're right, Oona, I made a terrible mistake. There's no glory in serving an evil power. You'll pay for betraying me. It's you, who'll be paying, Skeletor... in prison! Not this time, He-Man. Maybe not, but your time will come. He-Man, how can we make up for what we've done? You've already taken the hardest step by admitting you were wrong... It takes a lot of courage. We'll never serve the forces of evil again. It's a long way home. C'mon. Oh, you mean you'll take us with you? Of course! You're going to like the bright side of Eternia. Funny, it seems brighter, already. All of us make mistakes. And Oona and Aran made a big one. But when they realized what they had done, they didn't lie about it, they didn't try to cover it up. Instead they admitted it. As He-Man said, admitting you're wrong takes courage. But when you do, you've taken the first big step toward making up for it. Of course, if you're like me, you never make a mistake. Orko... I guess I'd better disappear. Oops! I think I made a mistake. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 