He-Man and the Masters of the Universe: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe 
 s1e4 - Diamond Ray of Disappearance - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe (1983–1985): Season 1, Episode 4 - Diamond Ray of Disappearance - full transcript 
 Skeletor uses the Diamond of Disappearance to cause King Randor, Queen Marlena, Men-At-Arms, and The Sorceress all to disappear. Now, He-Man and Teela must find a way to get them back. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He-Man. And the Masters of the Universe. I am Adam, Prince of Eternia. Defender of the secrets of Castle Grayskull. This is Cringer, my fearless friend. Fabulous secret powers were revealed to me the day I held aloft my magic sword and said, by the power of Grayskull. I have the power! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cringer became the mighty Battle Cat, and I became He-Man, the most powerful man in the universe. Only three others share this secret: Our friends the Sorceress, Man-at-Arms, and Orko. Together we defend Castle Grayskull from, the evil forces of Skeletor. You don't recognize it do you, Beastman? In this box lies the lost Diamond Ray of Disappearance. The Diamond Ray... but that makes those who see it... I know what it does, fur face. Now activate the transport beam. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 As you wish, Skeletor. I'll call our warriors from around the universe, and bring them here to Snake Mountain. I, Skeletor, command you my warriors... Mer-Man, warlord of water, master of fish, lakes and streams... return to Snake Mountain. Evil-Lyn, sorceress of night. I, Skeletor, command you to return immediately. Tri-Klops, master of vision... I will need your gamma vision which can see around solid objects. Trap Jaw, wizard of weapons. Return with your deadly arsenal and your vicious steel jaws. Excellent. Skeletor, why have you summoned us here? At last I have the means to conquer Eternia and crush He-Man once and for all. We've all heard that before, Skeletor, and He-Man has stopped us each time. But this time, I have something special. The Diamond Ray of Disappearance. Just what is so special about this Diamond Ray? I'll show you. Do I have a volunteer? No? A wise choice if not a brave one. Watch what happens to any living being who sees the Diamond Ray. I-It's gone! The creature vanished! Yes, exiled into another dimension. The same fate awaits all who stand in my way. Especially, He-Man. Now here is what we will do. And now, my grand finale. I call my latest trick ''eggs over easy''. The last time you tried an egg trick... the eggs were all over me. Relax, Relax. The steel tray will be magically whisked away... and each egg will fall into its own glass. We'll see about that. Steel tray, fly away. Orko! Uh oh... Now for my next trick. The only trick we want to see, is you disappearing. It's one of Skeletor's warriors. My guards will take care of him. With, Your Majesty's permission. Yes, Captain. Go. Come on, Cringer. This is no place for us. If only he were more of a prince. I hope Adam's not gonna do what I think he's gonna do. Lets go, Cringer. He-Man and Battle Cat are about to make an appearance. I'm not really up for an appearance today, Adam. Hurry. Whats the rush? By the power of Grayskull! I have the power! Come on, Battle Cat. Lets give Teela a hand. Here's something for you to chew on, Trap Jaw. Skeletor, she's too good a shot. I'm hit. I'm going down! No matter. That clumsy oaf has served his purpose. With Teela and her guards gone there's no one to stop us. We can make a little delivery. If I can just get this energy bow on... Oh...these things never fit right. Don't move, Trap Jaw. Delicious. There. Not so fast, Trap Jaw. He-man! My energy bow will finish you! I guess they don't make energy bows like they used to. My Lasertron will stop you, He-Man. Let me give you, a hand. Curse you, He-Man. I'll get you for this when I get my Lasertron working! Thanks for your help, He-Man. Anytime. Teela, I think Skeletor lured you and your guards away for a reason. To attack the palace. -Exactly. Put your Battle Ram in high gear and head back home. I'm worried about Teela. She's been gone a long time. Your daughter is the best warrior in Eternia. Yes, I'm sure she'll be fine. Allow me. A good magician can always help pass the time. Maybe, you know of one. You want magic? I'll give you magic. Now thats a pretty good trick. Look, it's Zoar. -The sorceress. She is speaking to me with telepathy. What's she saying? Skeletor. He's in the palace. Skeletor? Here? We must get the king to safety. Ah, here you are. His Majesty, the former King of Eternia. Too late. Can't the sorceress help? She's powerless, away from Grayskull. Guards! Guards! We've taken care of all your guards. Except me. Then I'll just have to take you on with my bare hands. You might change your mind when you see this. There! And now it's your turn. What's happening? We're, disappearing. What sort of magic is this? Skeletor's robot knights. So he did attack the palace. Come on, Battle Cat. We're about to clean house. He-Man, no, wait! Orko, what happened at the palace? Skeletor's taken over. He made your parents disappear, Man-At-Arms and the Sorceress too. We have to rescue them. Tell me exactly what Skeletor did. He shined this light on them, and they just disappeared. The lost Diamond of Disappearance. He must have found it. What are we gonna do? You find Teela and her guards. Tell her to wait in the woods near Castle Grayskull. See if you can find Ram Man and Stratos. What about you? Only the Sorceress would know of a way to reverse the diamond's effects, and there's only one place where I may be able to communicate with her now. Castle Grayskull. By the power of Grayskull, I command the Jawbridge... Open! Sorceress! Sorceress! If you can hear me, tell me where you are. We are trapped in a timeless dimension, He-Man. Only you can free us. How? What do I do? You must crush the Diamond of Disappearance. It won't be easy. And if you look at it too long, you will be banished here forever. I understand. Good luck, He-Man. Skeletor will try to take Castle Grayskull... What do you say we arrange a little welcoming party? There it is. Castle Grayskull! Attach the rope, Beastman. Use all your power! Without He-Man to defend it, Castle Grayskull will be ours. He-man? Next time, you might try knocking first. Get him! Keep your fangs to yourself, Beastman. C'mon. Try swimming in mud. I'll get you for this. Oh no you don't. Teela. Let me out. Nice work, Stratos. He's still too far away from me to use the Diamond Ray. Panthor! Thanks for giving me a little breather, Ram Man. Hey, everything's spinning. I can't see. Fight, you cowards, fight. You fight, Skeletor. As you wish, He-Man. But now that you're close enough, look at this. No thanks, but have a look for yourself. No, keep it away. The diamond's gone. Let us get out of here. Not before I leave He-Man with something to play with. Even you can't stop He-Man. Maybe I won't have to. The fool is going after the diamond. What's he doing? He's got it. Yes, and it will be the end of him. He-Man, be careful! He-Man, please, don't disappear. He's gone. He-Man, come back! Please, He-Man. You must crush the Diamond of Disappearance. Once again you have fulfilled your destiny, He-Man. He-Man, thank goodness you freed us. Very well, He-Man. You've won this time. But I'll be back. You have saved Eternia. And us. Thank you. Now, Orko, I would like to request a trick. Make my son appear, on time. Prince Adam told me he would make a special effort... not to be late. Your Majesty. I have some good news. One of my guards just reported that Prince Adam is on his way. You see, right on the dot. And he found your lost Zoom Chariot. Now that, is good news. But, there is a little bad news. He broke the directional control. See what I mean? Adam, you've destroyed the wall, and the Zoom Chariot. Well, at least he destroyed them on time. In today's story, Skeletor was looking for a shortcut... a quick way to riches and power. You may know some people like that. Always looking for the quick way to get ahead of everybody else. But it doesn't work that way. The people who succeed are the ones who work for what they want. So don't be fooled by those who say they have a sure thing. There's always a catch to it. Don't sell yourself short. The right way is the best way. Until later. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 