He-Man and the Masters of the Universe: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe 
 s1e6 - Teela's Quest - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe (1983–1985): Season 1, Episode 6 - Teela's Quest - full transcript 
 When Prince Adam is watching Queen Marlena's memories on Man-At-Arm's latest invention, the memory projector, and learning his mother was a space pilot from Earth who crash-landed on Eternia. Teela arrives and is looking for Prince Adam who is late for combat maneuvers. Teela decides to use the memory projector and learns Man-At-Arms is her adoptive father who raised her when she was a child when her real father, a brave soldier, died in battle. Teela decides to set out to discover who her mother was, sets out to the Crystal Sea in search of The Oracle who hold's the identity of Teela's real mother. But Skeletor's henchman Merman sets out to settle a score with Man-At-Arms for defeating him years ago and summons Bakull, a sea monster to destroy Man-At-Arms. Will The Orcale reveal the identity of Teela's mother? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He-Man. And the Masters of the Universe. I am Adam, Prince of Eternia. Defender of the secrets of Castle Grayskull. This is Cringer, my fearless friend. Fabulous secret powers were revealed to me the day I held aloft my magic sword and said, by the power of Grayskull. I have the power! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cringer became the mighty Battle Cat, and I became He-Man, the most powerful man in the universe. Only three others share this secret: Our friends the Sorceress, Man-at-Arms, and Orko. Together we defend Castle Grayskull from, the evil forces of Skeletor. Mayday, Mayday. Can anyone hear me? This is Lieutenant Marlena Glenn of the Earth probe, Valiant. I've been caught in a cosmic storm and swept off course. Does anyone copy? Well, Marlena, old girl, you're on your own this time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A million miles from home, and stuck in the middle of an asteroid shower. If I don't find shelter soon, I'll be smashed to space dust. My sensors indicate a small planet ahead. No telling what's down there... I'll just cross my fingers, and hope for the best. Here goes nothing. So thats how you came to land on Eternia? Yes, and I can see it all again. Thanks to Man-At-Arms memory projector. Well, you were some pilot, Mother. [chuckles] That was a long time ago. Mom, what was Earth like? I'm afraid you would find it kind of boring, Adam. There are no giant green tigers, or magical castles. But it is a beautiful place, filled with beautiful people. Sounds as if you miss it. Sometimes. But my real home here, on Eternia, with you and your father. I wouldn't trade anything for the life we ​​have together. Excuse me, Your Highness, but I was looking for Adam. Uh oh. Of course. I'll see you later. And where were you this afternoon? Well, I uh... I thought you agreed to run for some combat maneuvers with me. I did? Oh, yeah, I did. But I got so busy this morning, that... Really? Let's see how busy you were. Hey... don't. Aren't you ashamed of yourself. yeah, I didn't catch a thing. See you on the drilling field. Oh boy, it's almost done. Wait till they see this, they'll love it. I thought I heard someone fooling around in my workshop. I'm not fooling around, Man-At-Arms. I'm making a surprise for the king and queen. The last surprise you gave them, nearly burned down the castle. I'm afraid to ak what this on does. It's a music box, of course. Just lift the lid and it plays a beautiful melody. Where did you get the parts for this? Over in that crate, why? Thats where we keep the bomb parts. This thing's going to explode. Yikes! Big explosion. If I told you once, I told you a million times... stay out of my workroom. Oh well, back to the old drawing board. What's Orko upto? Mischief, as usual. He almost wrecked the palace, with another of his crazy inventions. Speaking of inventions, your memory projector made a big hit with the queen. Good. Our queen is quite a woman. Adam's lucky to have here for a mother. She makes me wonder about my own parents. I've told you, Teela. Your father was one of the greatest men I ever knew. He gave his life in battle so Eternians could live in peace. It was honored to adopt you as my own daughter. And my mother? That is a secret I promised never to reveal. Some day you will learn that secret, Teela. Not from me. Even as a little girl, I have no memory of my mother... only of Man-At-Arms, who was always there for me. He raised me alone, teaching me both the skills of a warrior... and the manners of the royal court. And because of his love and guidance, I excelled at both. But as to who my mother was or is... I have no idea. Why the long face, Teela? Did Cringer use your shield as a water-dish again? No, Orko, I was just remembering back to when I was a little girl. Bad memories? No memories, is more like it. If only I could see what happened before I was born... Maybe if I were to ask the Oracle of the Crystal Sea. The Oracle? No, Teela. It's too dangerous. I've got to take that chance. But the Oracle's cave is surrounded by shadow beasts and monsters. You can't go alone?! I have to. And you mustn't tell anyone where I've gone, Orko. But the Crystal Sea, Teela? I know, but I'd risk anything to learn the truth. Oh, Teela's sure in a hurry. Yes and it's not like her to run off alone. Don't worry, Teela can look out for herself. I hope. Do you know where she's going, Orko? I promised not to tell. After all... If Teela wants to go running off to the Crystal Sea, that's her business. The Crystal Sea? Whoops. Even Teela is no match for the evil creatures there. Orko, you should have stopped her. I tried, I tried. Cringer, we've got to find her. Don't tell me I have to be that dreadful Battle Cat again. Sorry old cat, but he could stay on Teela's trail better than you could. By the power of Grayskull. I have the power! How interesting. The woman Teela is off on some mission of her own. She's bound for the Crystal Sea... your home territory, Mer-Man. I beg you, Skeletor. Let me deal with her. Years ago, her guardian, Man-At-Arms, rescued a victim I had chosen... for the Sea Demon and now demand revenge. So be it. Thats not the prettiest place I've ever been. But, I, didn't exactly come here for a vacation. A shadow beast! I'd hate to meet one of those monsters. The only thing these beasts fear is the bright light, so... And now, back to business. We're almost at the Crystal Sea. I hope Teela's safe. That's it! The Oracle's Cave. Approach the altar. My name is Teela, I've come... I know why you are here. You have come seeking your past. A past, that only I can make clear. Behold, Teela. Do you know him? Yes, it's Man-At-Arms, as a young warrior. Years ago, your adopted father... was making his way through the Evergreen Forest. He had received a strange psychic signal... drawing him urgently through the woods. Then suddenly a sound reached his ears. It was the cry of a falcon. Mer-Man and his subjects had come to capture Zoar, the falcon. They intended to sacrifice the mystic bird to an evil sea demon. It would have been easy for the falcon to have flown away. But there was something in the nest she was protecting. Something she'd give her very life to defend. Mer-Man had been defeated. But he swore to some day get even with the young warrior. The warrior looked into the nest and saw. Wait! Why did you stop? I sense... evil coming closer. Beware, Teela. Beware. Fish Men! I know Teela can take care of herself... but I can't shake the feeling, she's headed for danger. After all these years... the daughter of my old enemy, Man-At-Arms... has finally fallen into my hands. If it's a rematch you want, toad face... Cut me loose. I'll give you one you won't forget. I have other plans for you girl. A very special destiny, for you to fulfill. So when He-Man and Battle Cat ran off to find Teela... I thought I'd tell you too. Seemed important to me. More important than you realise, Orko. To Teela's side I go, on falcon's wings. Wow, she sure knows how to make an exit. Teela! You are here? Easy! Easy, great cat! Easy! The Oracle means us no harm. He-Man, your friend Teela is in danger. She has been captured by Mer-Man. You've picked up their trail eh? Let's go. Once every 20 years, the stars come into perfect alignment. That is the time, Bakkull may be summoned from its underwater slumber, with this, the Crimson Pearl. Who is this Bakkull? And what do you want with me? Whoever commands the Crimson Pearl also commands Bakkull... mightiest of sea demons. But Bakkull demands a sacrifice for its services. Twenty years ago, your father rescued a victim I had selected. How fitting, that you should now take her place. Let us summon Bakkull! Hold it, fish face. He-Man! Stop them, you fools. I must complete the spell. Now, Bakkull, hear my command! Come forth, and serve the master of the Crimson Pearl. Better let me handle this, Cat. Your claws weren't made for climbing crystal. I think we could use a tunnel. Thats just what I was thinking. Boy, the things people keep lying around. Now, Bakkull, take your offering and serve me well. No! Teela, use my sword! Stay back, monster! As long as Mer-Man holds the red pearl... That monster is unstoppable. Get them both! Obey your master and destroy them. No! The Pearl! The Pearl was the only thing controlling Bakkull. Help me, help me! Help-me. I may hate my self later, but... Alley-oop! Thanks for the rescue, fool. Now see if you can save yourself. Sorry, big fella... Well, let's hope this'll hold Bakull for another 20 years. You risked everything to go back for Mer-Man. Anyone... even an evil one is worth saving. Now, let's go home. Wait, He-Man. There is one more thing I have to do. Oh Oracle, finish your tale. Tell me of my mother. Young Man-At-Arms had driven off Mer-Man... and made his way to the falcon's nest. Inside the nest was a baby girl... It was the Sorceress' young daughter. With the passing of her husband... she had brought the little child to the mountain to raise her in peace. But after Mer-Man's attack... the falcon knew that without a real home... her baby would never be truly safe. The young warrior's heart went out to the child... and promised to take care for her, all his days. You are that child, Teela. That means my mother is... the Sorceress, of Grayskull. -Mother? -Yes. You are my own daughter... And some day, you will take my place. As the Mystic Guardian of Grayskull. But for now you have other deeds to do... and until that time when your special destiny calls... you must forget what you have learned today. She will only remember that her mother was a woman who loved her very much. I'll leave her secret with you, He-Man. You can I assume, keep a secret. I've had lots of practice. In today's story, I went in search of my mother. I found her, but I also found something else; that the man who had cared for me since I was a baby... who loved me as he would his own daughter... was just as much my father as any parent could be. And so whether they are someone we were born to, or whether they chose us to adopt... it doesn't matter. The ones who protect us, and teach us, and love us... they are the ones we call mother and father. And they deserve the same kind of love from us. Until next time. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 