He-Man and the Masters of the Universe: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe 
 s1e7 - The Curse of the Spellstone - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 He-Man and the Masters of the Universe (1983–1985): Season 1, Episode 7 - The Curse of the Spellstone - full transcript 
 Skeletor and Evil-Lyn steals from The Temple of the Fire People, the Spellstone, a magic orb and uses it to create fierce storms and causes havoc on Eternia. Evil-Lyn disguises herself as a villager and tricks the villagers into giving her the Creeping Horak, a ancient device used to punish criminals, and uses it to trap King Randor, Queen Marlena, Man-At-Arms, Teela and Orco in the Royal Palace. But after being trapped underground He-Man, Ram-Man and Stratos escapes and find themselves fighting The Fire People who believe He-Man and his companions stole The Spellstone. Can He-Man retrieve the Spellstone from Skeletor and save his friends from the Creeping Horak? and will He-Man return the Spellstone to The Fire People? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He-Man. And the Masters of the Universe. I am Adam, Prince of Eternia. Defender of the secrets of Castle Grayskull. This is Cringer, my fearless friend. Fabulous secret powers were revealed to me the day I held aloft my magic sword and said, by the power of Grayskull. I have the power! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Cringer became the mighty Battle Cat, and I became He-Man, the most powerful man in the universe. Only three others share this secret: Our friends the Sorceress, Man-at-Arms, and Orko. Together we defend Castle Grayskull from, the evil forces of Skeletor. The Spellstone! It better be worth all this trouble, Evil-Lyn. It will be, Skeletor. That I promise you. Oto, redundis, serenandum ardor! Now watch, closely. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The hand is quicker than the eye. Choose. No, my prince, the marble is here. Huh? You're right, Orko, the hand is quicker than the eye. How'd you do that? Uh-uh-uh, we magicians never reveal our secrets. So, just what is it that this new invention of yours will do, Duncan? My weather controlling satellite will... make us masters of the seasons, Your Majesty. It can turn a cloudy sky to clear. Then, proceed, by all means. It works! Duncan, what's wrong? I don't know, Your Majesty. Adam, my machine couldn't have made a storm like this. But I know of something that could. The Spellstone. The Spellstone? I thought it was only a legend. Oh, it's real enough. But to do this, it must have fallen into the hands of someone evil. I have an idea who that might be. Come on, Cringer. If that means danger, I'd rather stay right here, Adam. Adam? By the power of Grayskull! I have the power! The storm works its evil. Soon, all Eternia will be devastated and I will reign supreme. You mean, we, Skeletor. Only if you do your part right, Evil-Lyn. A voice in the crowd can do more damage than even this storm. According to legend... The Spellstone is here in the Region of Flame. Skeletor must have broken into the Temple of the Fire People. Who are the Fire People? A fierce tribe. That doesn't like strangers. I-I have a feeling neither does he. Any ideas, He-Man? Just watch. Electricity works everytime. Let's get to that temple before anything else happens. More pressure, Teela! Right, father. Spellstone! Do my bidding! Teela! I'm alright, father. Just had the wind knocked out of me. Keep fighting the blaze. I'll be back. Our house! It burned to the ground! Everything we had is gone, father. The king's fault and Man-At-Arms. What do you mean? Their inventions have angered the elders of Eternia... They have brought forth this storm. The only way to stop it is to punish those who are responsible. No! You must be mistaken. The woman is right. How can we save ourselves? We must act quickly, or the elders will destroy us all. In ancient times, what was the worst punishment? The Creeping... Horak. Father, do you know where it is? Yes. Then take me to it. Here's the temple. But where is the Spellstone? Is this what you're looking for? Skeletor! Robots, attack! Skeletor, you make it too easy. Hey! Just what I love. A great big toy. King Randor! You have strayed from the ways of the Eternian Elders! That voice. I've heard it before. You have brought this curse upon us. It's Evil-Lyn! We must save ourselves and you must pay. Give me the Creeping Horak. I beg you! Don't use it. It's too terrible. Don't believe her! She isn't what she seems! Fool! You think this will hold me? Give me that! The Creeping Horak will grow until it completely fills the palace. Faster, it's gaining on us. What is that thing? The Creeping Horak. Long ago, it was used to punish criminals. They'd be locked in their houses. The Horak would grow over it until all the air was squeezed out. How horrible. It'll even be... It'll be even, more horrible if it happens to us. Can't shake him off. But maybe I can shake him up. Argh. I can't go forward or backward... so, how about up? There's a big difference between a cat and a robot. The cat lands on his feet. Your robots are nothing... more than scrap metal, Skeletor. And as for you... Not so fast, He-Man. Behold. Teela! There, the King and the Queen. Look hard, heroes, for it's the last time you will ever see them. I think our friends could use a nice swim. Follow me. Run fast, warriors! There's just one way out, He-Man. The others lead to destruction. Come, Trap Jaw, to the palace and my triumph. But what if He-Man and the others find their way out? Never fear, fool. There is no way out. In here. Let's see what it will do against this. A dead end. Solid rock. But wait a minute. It's hollow. Boy, would I give for a trap door right now. If you can't find a trap door... You make one. Well, that takes care of the water. Now, how do we get out of here? Talk about fast service. Finally, someone on our side. Or maybe not. Let's see how this monster feels about fire. Teela, no! Run, Teela. I am Helios. King of Fire People. You have stolen the Spellstone. No, you're mistaken. We're on your side. We want to find it and return it. Liar. Seize them. Try not to hurt them. They're not our enemies. I wish you'd tell them that. There's nothing to you. But you sure do pack a wallop. They've gotta be kidding. What can you do? Sorry I asked! We're running out of rooms. Stand clear! There's no effect. It's not stopping it. Fall back! Oh no. Fly, Orko! Fly! Tell me where you've hidden the Spellstone. How can I make you understand we're friends? Fire People don't make friends with thieves. I won't fight you. That one nearly singed my tail feathers. Help me. You wouldn't have saved me, if you were evil. Go in peace and may you find the Spellstone. The last room in the palace. I built this hydraulic door to withstand anything. It's our last chance. You've tricked us, Skeletor. But you won't get away with it. Who will stop me? Not you! How about me, Skeletor. He-Man! You blundering skull-face. You said you'd taken care of him. And I will. Evil-Lyn the Spellstone! Stratos, can you reach the Spellstone? I'll try. This is all our fault. Then let's do something. No. A person doesn't need superpowers to be a hero. All he needs... is bravery. You forgot that, Skeletor. You haven't won, He-Man. The only thing that can destroy the Horak is the Spellstone. And I command it to return to the Region of Flame. Got to reach it. Got it! Heave... Ho! Now's our chance to escape. The Creeping Horak, it's gone. and so are Skeletor and Evil-Lyn. We'll meet up with them, again. And what about the Spellstone? It's gone back to the Fire People. Where it belongs. Well, peace has returned to Eternia. The sky is clear and the birds are singing. The only thing missing is a rainbow. Let me handle that. Uh-oh! Yikes! You've all seen how Orko's magical tricks... don't always go the way he planned. Sometimes they backfire on him. The same thing is true of practical jokes. Sometimes they don't go the way you planned... and you, or someone else, can get hurt. So be sure and think twice before playing a joke or a trick on anybody. It might not go the way you planned and someone could wind up... losing a finger, or an arm, or may be even an eye. And no joke is worth that, is it? See you again soon. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 