Jimmy Kimmel Live!: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Jimmy Kimmel Live! 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Jimmy Kimmel Live! (2003–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Dickey: From Hollywood it's "Jimmy Kimmel live"! Tonight -- Anthony Anderson -- from "destroyer", Sebastian Stan -- this week in unnecessary censorship -- and music from Jeff goldblum and the Mildred snitzer orchestra featuring Haley reinhart -- and now, hold fast, Jimmy Kimmel! [ Cheers and applause ] Zbli thank you for watching. Thank you for coming. Always glad to see a positive vibe. Today is -- I don't know if you know this, today's a notable day here in the United States of America. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Today is the second anniversary of Donald Trump being elected our 45th and final president. That's right. I think we all remember where we were that night two years ago. I was at bevmo trying to return a bottle of champagne without a receipt. Times have changed. Two years ago, our greatest fear was gluten and now here we are. You know, they say that on a night like tonight, if you go out into the woods, if you listen very closely, you can still hear Hillary Clinton scream. True. Today also happens to be Jeff sessions' first day of unemployment. President Trump fired his Attorney General yesterday and skipped over his deputy attorney general to install this gentleman. His name is Matthew Whitaker. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Matthew Whitaker is quite the character. He's reported to have been part of a secretive anti-democrat group. He's repeatedly attacked the Mueller probe that he will be overseeing on TV. He defended Donald Jr.'s totally above board meeting with the Russians and he collected all the infinity stones. He's also super qualified. This is for real. This is the current acting Attorney General of the united states, who's now in charge of our justice department and the investigation into the guy who just promoted him. It's a unique design that's going to help lots of people that have mobility issues get in and use their hot tub in a safe manner. Jimmy: Well, I hope that's a hot tub time machine to take us back to 2012. Believe it or not, the company he was promoting turned out to be a scam and was forced to pay millions of dollars in damages after being shut down by the ftc, but only the best people. We have got a jacuzzi salesman Attorney General. He should jacuze himself from the Mueller -- reporters now, as is the custom, going through his tweets, back years, which always makes you go, why do I have Twitter but in Whitaker's case, this is why you have Twitter, so you can share hot takes like, John bon jovi knows how to be a rock star. I mean, he's not wrong. Man knows his way around a Mike stand. But even better than his tweets himself is his Twitter header. This is his current Twitter header. Looks like the guy who got banned from your gym for selling steroids in the parking lot. So that's our acting attorney general. And while we wait to see what the future holds for Robert Mueller's investigation, we do have some news about Jeff sessions. Jeff sessions is reported to be thinking about running for his old senate seat in the 2020 election, which would be interesting, but in the meantime, he's launching his own new fragrance, sessions. All you need to know about the way that things are going in this country is that liberals are mad Trump fired Jeff sessions. They're marching about it. That's how upside down the world has turned. Here's the other outrageous bit of daily disgrace in case you missed it. President Trump held a press conference yesterday. A lot of people saw this. He got in a heated back and forth with Jim acosta of CNN and that spat cost Jim acosta his press pass. He's not allowed in the white house anymore. Not only did they suspend his credential, they claim acosta accosted a female intern while she was trying to take the microphone from him. This is the alleged incident from yesterday. You may ask one other question. That's enough, that's enough. Mr. President, I was going to -- pardon me, ma'am. Okay, not only did he not accost her, he said, pardon me, ma'am. That's where the hucka-b.S. Machine comes in. Sarah huckabee Sanders tweeted a doctored video clip that they believe is from infowars, which is a website for the mentally unbalanced, in which they sped up Jim acosta's hand movement to make it look more violent and the part where he says, pardon me, ma'am, they cut the audio out. They altered this video. Take a look here. It sped up his hand. And the White House press secretary tweeted this video. She wrote, President Trump believes in a free press and expects and welcomes tough questions of him and his administration. We will, however, never tolerate a reporter placing his hands on a young woman just trying to do her job as a White House intern. Now, Jim acosta clearly never touched that White House intern. That's just a lie. And I think this also might be the first time I've seen Sarah Sanders take the woman's side on any subject ever, but -- so, good for her. Baby steps. But she should be forced to resign for that. I mean, she intentionally disseminated doctored video footage to discredit a reputable journalist. She's the White House press secretary. She should be fired for that. She should be fired. [ Cheers and applause ] Sarah huckabee Sanders should be fired and sent to live in a joann's fabric store for all the rest of her days. And she's not the only one. Kelleyanne Conway then went to work, spreading her -- there's a -- wow, it's like I mentioned a vampire's name. She had -- she shared some of her fakest indignation to date. It crosses a line. You don't put your hands on a woman. I think we all had to hear that recently in some other context and I'm not sure that he's apologized to that young woman but she certainly is owed one. Oh, no, she is not. It is so ridiculous. You know, it's so dumb, I decided the best course of action here is to go right to the source's mouth and with that said, please welcome kelleyanne Conway, who's joining us from Washington, D.C. thank you, kelleyanne. Thanks for having me, Jerry. Jimmy: What did you say? Thanks for having me, Jerry. Jimmy: It's Jimmy, not Jerry. It's Jimmy Kimmel. But thank you for joining us. If I wanted a lecture, Jerry, I'd go to a Todd talk. Jimmy: I think it's a Ted talk, actually, kelleyanne, and it's Jimmy, also. Listen, Jerry, it's one thing to fight me on every name, but I'd appreciate it if you could at least not stoop to personal attacks. Jimmy: There was no personal attack. I just -- in fact, I haven't said anything. I just wanted to ask you about this false allegation you've made against Jim acosta. Get your damn hands off me, Jerry! How dare you! Jimmy: Wait a minute. It's not Jerry, it's Jimmy, and I didn't touch you. There's a satellite interview. How could I even do that? I have no idea. Why don't you ask your friend, George soros. Jimmy: I don't even -- I don't know George soros and I did nothing at all to you. You can lie all you want, but the video doesn't. Roll the tape, guys. Jimmy: Kelleyanne, that's -- that's hulk hogan fighting the iron sheik. That's not us. At least someone besides the president is fighting islamic extremism. You attacked me, okay. Jimmy: I did not attack you. Roll the other tape. Jimmy: The other tape? Oh, my goodness. Now, that's a YouTube clip. I've seen that clip. It's a kid hitting a golf ball off his dad's face. No. That was you hitting me in the face with a golf club and Jim acosta cheering you on. Jimmy: Jim -- these are authentic videos published on a mixed martial sub reddit. I'm pulling your press pass. Jimmy: I don't have a press pass to pull -- well, never mind. That's kelleyanne from "sesame street." meanwhile, well wishes are in order tonight for supreme court justice Ruth bader ginsburg. This is what happens when you skateboard without a chest pad. Justice ginsburg fell in her office and no one is praying harder for her recovery than the host of the 700 club, pat robertson. She's a brilliant woman and I won't take anything from her, and I think everybody should pray for her, that she'll be healed, but it does seem like she is a little bit over the hill and the time to say good-bye. [ Laughter ] Jimmy: I don't know -- have you seen yourself on television, pat? She's over the hill, you're under it. Pat robertson's time to say good-bye was 1975, just no one told him. For obvious reasons, Ruth bader ginsburg is someone we need to protect at any cost. We need her to keep going for another, like, maybe 80 years, so -- and I don't just talk. I take action. That's my way and I've come up with something that I think could help. This is the Ruth bader g gins-bubble. We've been developing this over the last year. We are sending this to Washington to protect justice ginsburg from injuries, from criminals, from bears. This thing actually is grizzly bear proof. Even if a strong gust of wind were to blow justice ginsburg into a river, she would be able to float and move like a hamster, okay? We are going to have to figure out the bathroom situation, but -- you like it? Very good. Thank you, justice ginsburg. All right. You know, this has been -- oh, well, maybe he didn't think that out, I guess. All right. [ Laughter ] We didn't take everything into account, okay? This has been another tough week. There have been a lot of ups and downs. People are stressed out, and we thought it might be relaxing to check in on a marijuana shop and not just any marijuana shop, a marijuana shop that has a drive-through window. This is -- this exists. That's the nuwu cannabis marketplace. It's the world's largest dispensary. It's open 24 hours a day in las Vegas. It's like a thcvs in there. They've got everything and they have a drive-through window and what is your name? I am tisha. Jimmy: Hi, tisha, how you doing. Good, how are you? Jimmy: Tisha, are you -- you live in Las Vegas, I assume? Yes. I've been here since '94. We went to the -- together. Jimmy: What's that? Say that again. We went to the same high school together. Jimmy: You went to Clark high school. We didn't go together. And now you're selling drugs, so they did a great job. You work the drive-through window there, tisha, and I believe we have a customer right there. Hi, what's your name? My name is Kimberly. Jimmy: What are you buying tonight? I'm buying peanut butter -- og. Jimmy: Peanut butter what? Peanut butter bread og and Wi-Fi og. Jimmy: They just pick -- it's like a hopper and they pick crazy names out and they name them that, right? Yes. Jimmy: Is there any hint of peanut butter in your og? I hope so. Jimmy: Yeah. Now, you're not a cop, right? You have to tell us if you're a cop. No, no, I'm not a cop. Jimmy: All right. I want to give you a quick little quiz, all right? If you get it right, you win a prize. What does thc stand for? The -- Jimmy: You've got 40 minutes. Jimmy: The highest count. Jimmy: No. That is not correct. We're looking for a chemical name. Do you know what cbd stands for? Chemical balance -- Jimmy: No. You're again off track. What about ibs? Do you know what ibs is? It's some [ Bleep ]. [ Cheers and applause ] Jimmy: Well, we've been on the air almost 16 years and I just realized there will never be a funnier moment than that. Hey, Jimmy, do you want to meet my dog? Jimmy: You've got a dog there. What is your dog's name? His name is meatball. Jimmy: Shouldn't his name be snoop? He works in a pot shop, right? Wow, he's adorable. So he comes to work with you every day? Every day, Monday through Friday. Jimmy: Never gets into the stash? My stash at home, yes. Jimmy: He does, yeah. That's dangerous, though, right? Or maybe it isn't. I don't know. It keeps him mellow. Jimmy: Dogs are high already as it is. What do they do? They lay around and drool, maybe they'll watch some TV and then you feed them. Any time they see food, they eat it. There's your package. Thank you for stopping by. We should give her a prize because ibs was a fantastic answer. What do we have for her there? We have some discounted Halloween candy. Jimmy: There you go. All right. All right, let's take a break. We'll go back, though. We'll check in with Anthony Anderson. We have music from Jeff goldblum and Haley reinhart Sebastian Stan is here and we'll be right back with Anthony Anderson. Jimmy: Good idea. Tonight, from the forthcoming movie, he stars with Nicole Kidman, it's called "destroy," Sebastian Stan is with us. Then later, their album comes out tomorrow it's called "the capital studio sessions" Jeff goldblum and the Mildred snitzer orchestra featuring Haley reinhart, from the Mercedes-Benz stage. Next week, what do we have going on next week? Next week, we have new shows with Jeff Bridges, Kurt Russell, Emily blunt, lin Manuel Miranda, s.E. Cupp, Tessa Thompson, taron egerton, plus music from oh, also we have a big surprise guest whose name I'm not allowed to announce but when I do, I'm really going to do it. We'll also have music from midland, Jake Owen, and Kane brown. [ Cheers and applause ] Jimmy: Our first guest turns the world on with his smile. He has been nominated repeatedly terrific show "black-ish" the prince-themed 100th episode airs Tuesday at 9pm on abc, please say hello to Anthony Anderson. [ Cheers and applause ] Jimmy: Yeah. How you doing. I see you. All right. All right. Jimmy: I like your ensemble. Yes, sir. Jimmy: You look good. How is everything? Everything is great, man. Everything's great. Jimmy: Can I talk to you about something personal and I don't know if you want to get into this, stop me if you don't. All right. Let's not. Jimmy: At the emmys. Yes. Okay. Jimmy: Okay. Night of the emmys, well, I see you, I walk over, I go to say hello, and you seem, I don't know, something's up. Yeah. Jimmy: Right. Yeah. Jimmy: So you have -- Anthony has a stalker, not a dangerous stalker. Not yet. Jimmy: Not yet. Yeah. A woman who follows him, literally, everywhere he goes and it's annoying and she's just always there. She's always there to the point that I know her name now. Yes. Jimmy: So, she is -- anyway, last year, the stalker has now become friends with your mother. Yes. Jimmy: Your mother. Yes. Jimmy: Doris has welcomed the stalker into her life. They take vacations together. Jimmy: They are close. True story. They do. They take trips together. Jimmy: 100% true. Yes. Jimmy: So, last year at the emmys, you invited you mom, which was nice, and she brought, as her date, your stalker. Yes. Jimmy: This year, you're like, you know what, mom? You brought my stalker last year, not bringing me this year. Yeah. Jimmy: I go up to you. You just -- you don't say anything. You just motion like this and I see your mother and your stalker. And I said, you brought them again? And you said what? No. They're seat fillers. My mother and the stalker decided, because I didn't give them tickets to this year's emmys, that they were going to be in the house and they registered and became seat fillers for the emmys that night, so I'm sitting front row, you know as we always do, waiting for the category to come up and my mother taps me on my shoulder and I'm like, hey, mom, what are you doing here? And lo and behold, the stalker walks up, hey, baby, we're seat fillers. So, my mother will always find a way to get into a party, invited or not. Love you, mama. Jimmy: Yeah, that's just -- that's, I mean, I hear a lot of stories about people's parents but that's right at the top of them. You know how crazy she is. Jimmy: You went to the world series. You're a Dodgers fan. Yeah. Jimmy: You brought the family to the Dodgers game. Brought the family because frank, the national director of the boys and girls club -- I'm a club kid. I grew up in the boys and girls club. And I was also inducted into the boys and girls club hall of fame last year. So this year -- [ applause ] Thank you. So this year, I get a call, you know, to come to the dodger game to, you know, deliver the first pitch. I'm like, oh, okay, cool, so I get there and I'm like, all right, I'm ready. I'm on the field, I got the family with me. But I knew something was up when I spoke to frank earlier that day. I was like, so, man, did you guys have a Jersey with my name on it? He was like, no, but I got a boys and girls club hat and I was like, last time I threw the pitch out last year, you need to have the Jersey. So I go get my Jersey, I bring it, I get there. Things are a little different. I'm on the field, with the players and all that, and I'm being rushed. I was like, hold on, they got to sing the national anthem. We got time. They were like, no, no, you got to be here. And I said, frank, you lied to me. I said, man, you said I was going to throw out the first pitch. He said, no, no, Anthony, I did not tell you that. I told you you would deliver the first pitch. I was like, yes, frank, I'm an athlete. I will deliver the first pitch over home plate like I always do. Delivering the first pitch is bringing the ball out to the mound. That's not a pitch. Frank, that's not a pitch! I got the family out there. Like, oh, my daddy, my uncle, my brother, he's going to throw out the first pitch. No. I had to just walk out and put the ball on the dirt and walk back out. Jimmy: You were like post mates. I was. They didn't even say my name. Dude, bring the ball out! Jimmy: Was the family -- did they make fun of you when you got back? They're still making fun of me, Jimmy. Jimmy: Yeah. But it was a great time. I ended up in a suite next to -- sandwiched in between Angela bassett and Courtney b. Vance and Bob costas and Pedro Martinez, so I take a picture with Pedro Martinez and as soon as I took the picture, I smiled and I leaned in and I was like, sorry we kicking y'all ass tonight and he laughed and he said something slick and walked off and as soon as I said that, they hit a three-run homer to get back into the game. I posted the picture and said, damn it, I should have never said that. Pedro Martinez responded. He was like, yeah, I told you that at the game. The game is 27 outs. Y'all only had one. Jimmy: Interesting. And he was a dodger, by the way. Yes. Jimmy: So in a way, he was working working undercover there, infiltrating dodger stadium. Do you want to check in at las Vegas, see who's buying weed there? Who is that? Jimmy: That's a 24-hour marijuana drive-through. Oh, hey! Tisha! I saw your dog. Yeah. Jimmy: That's meatball. He's high. Jimmy: He's definitely high. He's asleep. Tisha, you have a customer there. Hi there, what's your name? Shannon. Jimmy: What's happening? What are you buying today, Shannon? Some og kush, cookie face. Jimmy: Cookie face? Got it. Jimmy: Is that why you look like that? That's cookie face. Shannon, I have a feeling this is not the only drive-through you'll be hitting tonight. What does ibs stand for? Jimmy: Oh, great question. Oh, Shannon. You can win a prize if you tell us what ibs stand for. I'll bring the food. Jimmy: Yeah, that's right. Close enough. Give him a prize, tisha. You win. You win. Jimmy: What is that, tisha? It's two tickets to cirque du soleil. Jimmy: That's the perfect place to go. All right. Tisha, give him an extra cookie face on me. For real. Jimmy: All right. Thank you, man, and thank you, tisha. Anthony Anderson is with us. "Black-ish," the 100th episode is Tuesday night. We'll be right back with more after this. Dicky: Portions of "Jimmy Kimmel live" are brought to you by liquid plumr. Prince changed my life. When I took your mom out for the first time, it was all bad. She broke her shoe. I spilled ketchup on her dress. No way I had the confidence to kiss her good night. So, good night? Good night. But then I thought to myself, what would prince do? ♪ ♪ You don't have to be beautiful to turn me on ♪ Jimmy: Anthony Anderson. On the 100th episode of "black-ish." I haven't seen it yet. Jimmy: It's really good. I saw it. I haven't seen it. I mean, I saw that, but I haven't seen it yet. Oh, wow. Jimmy: What other songs? Do you remember which songs you guys did? We did "kiss." "When doves cry." "Erotic city." Tracee does "erotic city." Junior does "sexy [ Bleep ]." Yeah. Little Jack, he's the one that didn't believe in the music or understand it, so it's a whole -- Jimmy: It's a great, actually, it's a really -- it's a very relatable thing as a parent to -- when your kids don't like the your music and you don't like their music. Exactly. Jimmy: And you always, no matter what age you are, think, our music was the good music and whatever you're listening to is garbage. Yeah. Every generation has that. Jimmy: Do you think -- you knew prince. Prince was a friend of yours. Is that -- is it fair to say he was a friend? We were friendly with a capital "f." Jimmy: Okay. You had been to his house. No, no, definitely. Any time somebody calls you up and is like, hey, man, I want you to be at this party. Prince says you haven't been to the show yet. Every time I was at a show, he found out I was there and brought me on stage. Jimmy: So in a way, you were his stalker. Although I guess -- I was an invited stalker. Jimmy: The rare invited -- the welcome stalker. Yes. Jimmy: You are -- this is national diabetes month. It is. Jimmy: And you are a spokesman for -- and this is an anti-diabetes thing. Yeah, it is. And you know, we've come up with a campaign called get real about diabetes. There's a Facebook page and you can go to get real about and how to deal with it and live with it and not die from it. Jimmy: This is something that you deal with. Yeah. I've been a type 2 diabetic for 17 years now. And lost my father to complications of diabetes. My mother's a type 2 diabetic so it's something that I'm passionate about, about spreading the word, you know, to my community about what we can do to prevent it from happening to us. Jimmy: Very good. [ Applause ] You're doing great stuff. Anthony Anderson. Watch the 100th episode of "black-ish" Tuesday at 9:00 here on abc. We'll be right back. Jimmy: Hi there, welcome back to the show. Sebastian Stan, plus music from Jeff goldblum and the Mildred snitzer orchestra featuring Haley reinhart is on the way but first, it's Thursday night which means it's time to bleep and blur the big TV moments of the week whether they need it or not, it is this week in unnecessary censorship. And we're back with the major breaking news, President Trump [ Bleep ] Attorney Jeff sessions. Senator, real quick, if anyone's going to ever [ Bleep ] a [ Bleep ] in the senate, it's always been you. I want to [ Bleep ] the president. Remember, friends don't let friends [ Bleep ] alone. [ Bleep ] a family member, [ bleep ] A neighbor, [ Bleep ] A coworker. Positive populism. We're popping our [ Bleep ]. Pilots call it the birdie [ Bleep ] smell but don't let the silly sound of that fool you. If you win, would you [ Bleep ] President Trump and stand on the rnc stage and [ Bleep ] him next time around. Martha, I've already [ Bleep ] President Trump and in fact the president came. Another president out on the trail with a horse [ Bleep ] in Virginia today. Barack Obama. I watched him speak today. He had a very small [ Bleep ]. Nay don't talk about that. And they never talked about how big our [ Bleep ] are. Never. Jimmy: Never. We'll be right back with Sebastian Stan. Jimmy: Music from Jeff goldblum up next. When we last saw our next guest, he had turned to dust but now he's back and fully intact alongside Nicole Kidman in the new movie "destroyer." It opens Christmas day, please welcome Sebastian Stan. [ Cheers and applause ] Very good to see you. You know -- I'm so excited. I finally have you to myself. Jimmy: The last times you were here, you were surrounded by avengers. A lot of men last time I was here. Jimmy: A lot of men. One woman as I recall. Yes. Jimmy: It's good to have you all to myself here. Thank you. Thank you. I brought you a lot of leg tonight. Jimmy: Oh, hello. Even some ballet slippers, I guess. Jimmy: Of all the actors in "the avengers," be honest, which one do you like least? Which one do you have the most trouble getting along with? Oh, dear god. You know the man. Tom Holland is a problem. I didn't have to wear a spider-man suit tonight. Jimmy: He might be the nicest kid in the world, right? That kid. Yeah. He keeps adding a lot of hair gel to make up for things. Jimmy: I see. You -- I want to ask you a couple. You've had enough probably of "the avengers" and stuff like that. But first of all, how did you know you were going to be one of the people who dissolved? Well, I really didn't. It was actually my stuntman, James young, that told me onset that day that, you know, he was like, oh, you kn to have this mat and you're going to fall and I was like, fall where? And he was like, just falling because the thing -- but it's the air -- and he never completed his sentences. T it's the thing from up there but -- I said, hold on. He said, Anthony will know, one of the brothers, the director, I said, Anthony, what's happening? He said, talk to Joe. So I went up to Joe and I said, hey, Joe, what's going on? He goes, did you talk to Anthony? I said, yeah, I know. He said, no, you're just going to -- you know -- and I was like, am I dying? You know, but -- so it was very cryptic but that's how I found out. Jimmy: Interesting that the stuntman would be told and you wouldn't. But now, there is talk that your character and the falcon will have a show -- a show together. Called "Miami vice." Jimmy: You have the outfit for it. Listen -- Jimmy: That would be great if that's the angle they took. You guys are in Miami, you know? Bucky Barnes in the comic books, bucky becomes captain America. Yeah. Jimmy: Yeah? Has that been discussed with you at all on any kind of a level? No, no. Jimmy: It has not. Not really, no. It's usually, like, you know, it's like a dream. It just sort of -- people might mention something but it's never -- we never go that way. Jimmy: It would be interesting because you are not from America. Correct. Jimmy: You are -- you were born in Romania. Romania, yeah. Jimmy: How long were you in Romania? I was there until I was 8 and then I moved to Vienna for four years. My mom was a pianist at the time and I came to New York. Jimmy: Very classy. Does she have the Romanian customs? It's a lot of trauma but yeah, it sounds really great. You know, you're moving a lot and I think -- Jimmy: And you're moving a piano. You're moving a piano. You're worrying if the piano will fall on you. You know? But yeah, I was very lucky, though, because you know, I got exposed to a lot of different cultures and languages and I grew up Christian orthodox but we lived with a Jewish family for a while, and it's much more than religion. We were very superstitious. My mom was always -- Jimmy: That's a big thing in Romanian culture. Yeah. It literally has a little bit of that. Jimmy: And I believe some of my relatives are Italian by way of Romania, according to what I have heard from spitting into a tube and mailing it to someone. Oh, god. Jimmy: And yes, my family is superstitious, especially the older part of the family. Yeah. It's exactly like that. You know, like my grandmother would have, you know, coffee. They would sit around and have coffee and they would make it from scratch, and then drink it and then wait for it to ferment and then put a plate over it and flip it over and read it like a map. Jimmy: They would look at the stain or the grounds. In the coffee cup. Jimmy: What would that tell? That we're all dying. Jimmy: Yeah. No -- Jimmy: And did she indeed pass away? She did Jimmy: Oh, wow. I have to knock on wood. Jimmy: Don't drink coffee is what you need to do. It's very hard. Jimmy: Did your mother do that stuff too? Of course. Yeah. I mean, she has dreams and then, you know, I've gotten used to my mom because, like now, when she calls me, I just immediately pick up the phone and I just say, please don't. Because it's always some dream that she's had, you know. Jimmy: Worry bing about you? Of course. I'm an only child. Jimmy: I wonder how she feels about this. I would imagine this is something that she feels good about. Your new movie, "destroyer," with Nicole Kidman, what is the character you play in this movie? He's an undercover cop. They're both undercover cops, and you know, undercover cops are a lot like actors because they have to live on the edge and they can get lost in their characters and stuff, kind of what happens. Jimmy: They're acting for sure. They're like actors but they're in danger whereas you're getting make-up put on. Exactly. Right. Exactly like that. Jimmy: Let's not go too crazy with the undercover cops are like actors. So you play this cop. Yeah. And so the two of us infiltrate this meth gang who is now transferred into, you know, kind of getting weapons from outside sources, and so we have to pretend to be lovers together, which was really hard. Jimmy: Yeah, I know, that's terrible. For me. Jimmy: Again, something most undercover cops don't get to do. But look forward to. And -- but it was great because it was such a transformation. And this incredible director, you know, he was like, we want to try to change your look and any time that happens, I'm very happy, and so I said, all right, let's get some tattoos going. But I really want to personalize the tattoos. I don't have any tattoos but if I did, what would I have. I was like, I feel like this guy would have a giant picture of his mom on his bicep so I asked my mom for a bunch of pictures and I got them on my bicep. Jimmy: We have a photo of you. This is a real tattoo you have on your body? That's my mom's picture. I mean, you know, and -- Jimmy: Get in closer there if you can. And I sent this to her with the hopes of freaking her out and going, what's happened to my son but the only thing she texted me back, because we text, was, wow, I look really great. And I was like, okay. Jimmy: So there are no Romanian superstitions about getting your mom tattooed on your body. No. She's okay with that. Jimmy: Great to see you. The movie is called "destroyer." It opens Christian -- Christmas day. Well, it is Christian day, really. Sebastian Stan, everybody. We'll be right back with Jeff goldblum and Haley reinhart. Dicky: The "Jimmy Kimmel live" concert series is presented by Mercedes-Benz, the best or nothing. Dicky: The "Jimmy Kimmel live" concert series is presented by Mercedes wedbenz, best or nothing. Jimmy: I want to thank Anthony Anderson and Sebastian Stan apologies to Matt Damon. This is their album "the capital studios sessions" here with the song "my baby just cares for me." Jeff goldblum and the Mildred snitzer orchestra featuring Haley reinhart! ♪ ♪ My baby don't care for shows my baby don't care for clothes my baby he just cares for me ♪ ♪ my baby don't care for the cars and races my baby don't care for ooh high-tone places ♪ ♪ Liz Taylor is not his style and even Lana Turner's smile ooh somethin' he can't see ♪ ♪ well my baby don't care who knows my baby just cares for me ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ baby my baby don't care for shows and he don't even care ♪ ♪ for clothes my baby just cares for me ♪ ♪ my Jeffy don't care for ooh the cars and races ♪ ♪ my baby don't care for ooh high-tone places ♪ ♪ Liz Taylor is not his style and even liberace's smile ♪ ♪ he just doesn't see ♪ my baby don't care oh no ♪ ♪ my baby just cares for I said my baby just cares for my baby just cares for me ♪ [ Cheers and applause ] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 