Magnum, P.I.: Season 6, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Magnum, P.I. 
 s6e17 - Find Me a Rainbow - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Magnum, P.I. (1980–1988): Season 6, Episode 17 - Find Me a Rainbow - full transcript 
 Magnum is hired by a rich young woman who wants him to find a former family chauffeur who stole a string of pearls, or that is what she says. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You wanna hire me? To help me find my dad. I'd give anything to see my dad again, Mr. Magnum, anything. MAGNUM: The little guy in this picture is Dan Wolf. Now, all he's asking for is an afternoon. Hey, look. He didn't talk to me, and I didn't talk to him. I'm sorry, I can't help you out. (GUNSHOT) Watch out! You're gonna go after him, aren't you? T.C.: Why are you doing this? Why don't you let the police handle it? Why don't we just turn around? I don't think anybody's here. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Let her go! MAGNUM: Wait! WOMAN: Mr. Hagen? MAN: Sir, sir. Mr. Hagen, is it true you've been granted immunity for your testimony? No comment. Will any charges be added to the indictment? We have no comment. Now back off, people. You're obstructing. Excuse me, sir, any comment on the allegation that you took part in some of that... Let's go. LAWYER: All right, if everyone will calm down, we'll give you a statement. Okay? Now, the District Attorney's Office has determined that our client, Mr. Hagen, can provide evidence which may or may not have a significant impact 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 in the outcome of this case. In the event that our client's testimony provides the DA with the basis to prove the claims in this indictment, Mr. Hagen will be given full immunity. (ALL SCREAMlNG) Down! Everybody, down! Get out of the way! Move, run! OFFlCER: Get out of the way! MAGNUM: The tension mounted, and the crowd was going wild, as the hometown hero stepped to the plate. The game depended on him. The town depended on him. And he knew he could do it, if only this time he didn't lose his nerve. If only this time... Hey, batter batter batter batter. Easy out. Let's go. If only this time he wasn't intimidated by the cold, steely gaze of the pitcher. Strike one! Keep him swinging. Hey, batter batter batter batter! Strike two! RlCK: Send that bum back to the minors! And suddenly he knew that this time it would be different. Ha! (EXCLAlMlNG) (GLASS SHATTERlNG) I warned you not to pull. Don't underestimate the power of the machine. That's what I told you. I know what you told me. I just got a little carried away, that's all. Yeah? Well, you'd better help me carry this one into the van before Higgins comes out and... HlGGlNS: Magnum! Magnum! I'll stall him. You get rid of Dwight Gooden, here. Higgins, I can explain everything. It all started when I was in the fourth grade. That was the year my uncle Jim managed our Little League team. We had this real big game, and we were down by one run. It was two out, bottom of the ninth, two men on, and I was at bat. Casey at the Bat, by Ernest Lawrence Thayer. No. Me in Tidewater. I'm not interest in hearing any touching tales of childhood baseball until we determine who is going to pay for the broken window, and how. I think once I explain how this all came about... I don't care how it all came about. All I care about, you're not leaving here until this matter is settled! Higgins, it's nobody's fault, really! Get out of the van immediately. Excuse me. Did you hear me? Excuse me. Dan Wolf, Futurity Life lnsurance. I am not interested in life insurance. Good day. Excuse me, you don't understand. Let me put it another way. The answer is no. Move along, please. Are you Thomas Magnum? Certainly not. I'm Thomas Magnum. You're late, what kept you? I beg your pardon? What are we talking about here? Magnum! MAGNUM:...annuities, what? Rick! T.C.! DAN: Well, there's this whole line of options that we can go over. Magnum! Now the big bonus for you here is that any of these policies can be rolled over into a completely different package at any time, depending on your own personal insurance needs, of course. And that's an important point to keep in mind when you're thinking about insurance, because not every insurance company deals in that kind of thing. That's okay. Of course, it is. Now, what I'd like to do is kind of go over some of the options we were talking about. Well, uh, that's okay. See, to tell you the truth, I don't need any insurance right now. What am I doing? I didn't come here to push some insurance policy off on you. I understand. I mean, that's your job. But, see, that was kind of an awkward situation out there. It's a long story, but you really helped me get out of it. But I really don't need any insurance right now. How about a beer? No. Thanks. Do you mind if I have one? Please, go help yourself. You know, I come all the way from Des Moines to Honolulu, track down a good private investigator, and still I can't stop myself from trying to sell him an insurance policy. Well, you didn't come all the way from Des Moines to sell me insurance. No, no. Of course not. You know, I don't know where my head is sometimes. I guess that's one of the reasons why I'm salesman of the month at Futurity, huh? I hire someone to help me with the most important thing in my life, and all I can think about is trying to make another sale. You wanna hire me? To help me to find my dad. You see, I haven't seen him since I was three years old. Come on over here, sit down, bring your beer, and I'll tell you all about it. Now, this is my dad, Theo Wolf. Now, this picture right here, this was the last one taken of him before he left home. My mother and l, we never saw him again after that. Doesn't look like he was too keen on getting his picture taken. No. No. My mom, she said that he was always kind of self-conscious about that sort of thing. Well, I mean, it doesn't matter. Even if you had a better picture, he'd be a lot older now. 52. He just had a birthday a little while back. (SlGHS) It's funny, I never thought I'd be looking for him. I really didn't. But, my mom... She passed away last year. I'm sorry. Oh, that's no... Anyway, after the funeral, Jolene, she... Jolene, she's an old friend of the family, you know. She told me what she could have never told my mom when she was alive. She told me she knew for a fact Theo was in Hawaii. I mean, she actually ran into him while she was on vacation here. "Hawaii?" I said. I mean, what do l know about Hawaii? "Oahu," she says. I say, "Gesundheit." Dan, I don't think you really need me. Oahu's not that big. If he's here, you should be able to find him yourself. Now, he's not listed on Oahu, or any of the other islands, as far as that goes. But... She is. "Kim Nakamura." Yeah. See, apparently she was with my dad when Jolene ran into him. Now, he introduced her as a business associate, or something like that, but then he rushed off like he was making a big mistake by talking to her. I mean, he was real suspicious with Jolene. Now, she jotted down that name, just in case. Well, that's it. I mean, that's my only lead, that... I spent so many years being angry at my dad for just up and walking out on us the way he did. I mean, I never thought I'd wanna see him again, ever. But then, after Mom died... I guess I just realized it wasn't true. I'd give anything to see my dad again, Mr. Magnum. I mean, even if it was just for one hour. MAGNUM: I know what you're thinking, and you're right. Dan Wolf didn't need a private investigator. He could as easily have tracked down Kim Nakamura as I could. So why was he back at my place eating my pizza, drinking my beer, while I was on my way to have a talk with the mystery lady? There are a lot of reasons I could've come up with, Iike taking an easy case for a change, Iike being able to pay for the window I'd just broken. Those were good reasons. But they weren't the real reason. The real reason had something to do with a young boy wanting to spend even one hour, just one more hour, with his father who had gone away. He was Ku, the war god, but he had many names, and many aspects. I thought all this early Hawaiian stuff was tucked away in museums and private collections? This is a private collection. On the open market? No, only the paintings. Oh, so the artifacts are the bait, and the paintings, the hook? Congratulations, Mr. Magnum. You've just discovered our marketing strategy. Who owns the mask? Was there a particular painting that interested you? Well, actually, I was more interested in the owner of... The owner, like the collection, wishes to remain private. His name wouldn't be Theo Wolf, would it? The little guy in this picture is Dan Wolf. He's grown up now, but he hasn't seen his father since that picture was taken. Now, all he's asking for is an afternoon, Iong enough to shake hands and swap a few stories. Okay, just follow the driveway round to the garden room just behind the house. Mr. Magnum? Photograph? Don't forget to show him the photograph. THEO: I've worked very hard to keep a low profile. Not many people know where I live, Mr... Magnum. I'd like to keep it that way. Well, I don't think your son wants to take out any ads. He just wants to see you. What makes you so sure he's my son, Magnum? Oh, boy. This was one of the good days. One of those few and far between, when Danny's mother and I weren't fighting about something. We were at the lake, I think. I wanted a good picture, you know, a good picture holding Danny. Daddy! Daddy! I don't wanna take a nap. Hey, big boy. Tell Mommy I don't have to take a nap. Well, my goodness. I'm sorry, Theo I didn't mean for him to burst in on you like this. It's all right, it's all right. I'll tell you what. Why don't you go do what your mommy wants? I'll see you later, okay? The photograph, is it... Yeah, it's Danny. Perhaps it's time. I didn't realize she was your wife. Yeah. I had a lot of reasons to leave the Mainland, Magnum. Even so, I was very lonely here, for a long time. Then with Kim and the baby, I suddenly found myself with a new life. I almost convinced myself that the old Theo had never existed, and neither had Danny. Well, he's outside in the car. He wanted to come along and wait, just in case you wanted to see him. There's a young man waiting in the car out there. Show him in. And for God's sake, show him some respect. He's my son. Danny? (GUNSHOTS) (EXCLAlMS) KlM: Theo! (SlREN WAlLlNG) NURSE: BP is 130 over 80 and holding. Respiration and vital signs are steady. He's on Ringer's lactate. IBOLD: Type and cross-match done? NURSE: Yes, sir. All right, steady now, here we go. Easy, come on, come on. ANESTHESlOLOGlST: Okay, let's get the monitors on him. FEMALE NURSE: D5W standing by. MALE NURSE: Stand by, plasma. Six units post-op. Cardio sigmagraph insert complete. (BEEPlNG) FEMALE NURSE: BP's holding at 130 over 80. HIGGINS: 130 to 80 may have appeared to be insurmountable odds to any ordinary regiment, but they weren't counting on the Prince of Wales' own West Yorkshire. I was quite familiar with the workings of the Himmelbett, and l... Magnum? What's the blood pressure? ANESTHESlOLOGlST: BP's stable. Heart rate's 100. IBOLD: Check the hematocrit. He may be overcompensating. RICK: Hey, Thomas, you're overcompensating again. You see, you gotta let the dames come to you just once in a while. You know what I mean, sweetheart? Confirming the entrance wound two centimeters below the collar bone. ANESTHESlOLOGlST: BP's holding at 130. CAROL: And I have to be there by 3:00 or else we'll never get the continuance. (SlGHS) What a day for my car to conk out. I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't shown up. Promise me you'll never move away from here. (LONG BEEP) ANESTHESlOLOGlST: Cardiac arrest. Get the crash cart. NURSE: All clear! T.C.: You're not gonna duck out on me like this, 'cause you made me a promise, and you're gonna keep it. IBOLD: You're doing fine, Thomas! Get me some adrenalin. Here's 10 cc's of adrenalin, 1 to 10,000. All right, Thomas. Hang in there. (BEEPlNG RESUMES) Good morning. Did you sleep well? No. I didn't sleep at all. I'm in a hospital? Yeah, since yesterday. Don't get excited. You're going to be fine. Thirsty. I'll give you some ice. Just a bit. Okay. How long do I have to be here? I've got a visitor for you, but you don't have to talk to him unless you feel up to it. Magnum, what do you remember about the shooting? Oh, hi, Lieutenant. It's nice to see you, too. Dr. Ibold says I'm gonna be fine. Thanks for asking. Do I have to ask? A big, strong guy like you? You could at least go through the motions before we talk business. You gonna make it, Magnum? Dr. Ibold says I'm gonna be fine. Thanks for asking. Tell me about your client. He said his name was Dan Wolf, an insurance salesman from Des Moines. He said Theo Wolf was his long-lost father. Stalking horse. What? He used me as a stalking horse, so he could get close to Wolf without anybody checking him out. Did you get him? He used your car to get away. We found it in an alleyway downtown. It's clean. No prints. No trace of him. All we've got are two dead guys, a clean getaway car, four rounds from the murder weapon, and you. If you remember anything... (lNAUDlBLE) (lNAUDlBLE) (lNAUDlBLE) (lNAUDlBLE) ICE PlCK: You ought to get a tennis ball. Bring that grip back in no time. I've seen guys lose a hand. Tennis ball makes the other hand just twice as strong. Tennis ball, right. Yeah. Oh, you... You're wondering why I'm here? No. Well, yes. I'm glad to see you, but... Ethics, Magnum. Nobody knows about ethics no more. In the old days, there would never be this kind of garbage, where everybody gets hit. The guy that got hit, he got hit, that's all. Not everybody around him. There's no ethics. I know you didn't come here just to talk to me about ethics. No, I didn't, no. Oh, just let me talk. All you have to do is listen. Now, the hitter's name is Driscoll. Yeah. He's new in the business, looking to make a name for himself. Now, he took on a contract that nobody's been able to fulfill for 10 years. Now, Theo Wolf... He's been a mark ever since he did a job in Miami. Who's Dan Wolf? He's an insurance salesman from Des Moines. He hasn't seen his father since he was three years old, and he doesn't wanna see him. However, two weeks ago, he reported a burglary. You know, silver, jewels, and the family photo albums. You slowed Driscoll down. He's holed up from a bullet you put in his arm. Here's the name of the hotel. Now, the desk clerk there, his name's Cappie, he called me. Now, he thinks that Driscoll is gonna take an afternoon flight, the late one, to Los Angeles, today. Kim Nakamura and her son... She didn't blame you for this. He just outsmarted you, that's all. Now, do you want this, or don't you? Why are you doing this? Ethics. That piece of dirt, he hit a friend of mine. Theo? I didn't know Theo Wolf. You never saw me. T.C.: Let me know one thing, now, how are we gonna get all this stuff past the nurses' station? RlCK: Don't worry about it. I told you, I took care of it. Hey, Thomas, we're here. Look alive, T.M., we're here with the supplies. Huh. Tom? Guess he went out for a walk. MAN: Thank you very much. Have a nice trip. WOMAN OVER P.A.: Now boarding Flight 26 to Los Angeles. Give me this bag, please, sir. Yeah, sure. Any fruits, vegetables? Sir, any fruits, plants? (ANSWERING MACHINE BEEPS) RICK: Hey, Thomas, what happened to you? When I find you, you're gonna have some explaining to do, pally. What are you doing here? That's exactly what I was gonna ask you. Came to pick up some things. What do you need that they don't have at the hospital? I thought you and Rick would be at the club, watching the playoffs. No. We went to visit a sick friend. We were gonna play a little joke on him, bring him some of his favorite junk food, but it seems the joke was on us. Well, I can't stay in one room too long. I get claustrophobic. Since when? I can't stay at the hospital right now, T.C. You're gonna go after him, aren't you? Look at you. Why are you doing this? Why don't you let the police handle it? So a guy tricked you, so what? Is your pride so wounded that you're willing to risk your life to go after him? Pride's got nothing to do with it. Oh, no? Then, what is this? A five-year-old kid would have a father right now if I hadn't convinced Theo Wolf to meet with a guy who was out to kill him. You can't blame yourself for that. All right, what makes you think this guy is still here? I've seen him! And he's seen me. And he's not gonna leave till he can be sure I can't identify him. Call Tanaka. I already have. He knows as much as I know. Good, then he'll find him. (GROANS) You're gonna open that wound again, aren't you? You're not up to this, Thomas. You simply cannot go after him. I never said I was. I'm just looking for a change of location, change of scenery, till I can recuperate, that's all. (SlGHS) I have an emergency flight to Maui. Will you please leave me a number where I can find you when I get back? MAGNUM: There are some things you'd think you'd never get used to in life, Iike being lied to, or being shot. But I'd noticed, over the years, that, left to its own devices, the mind has an amazing capacity to accept the unacceptable. And I never wanted to let that happen to me, at least not without putting up a good fight. I was determined to follow Ice Pick's lead as far as it would take me, which, at first, seemed to be down a dead-end road. Driscoll had checked out of the hotel, and Cappie, the desk clerk who'd turned him in to Ice Pick, had suddenly disappeared. I decided to check into the room where Driscoll had stayed to see if he'd been sloppy, Ieft anything behind that might turn me in his direction. (KNOCKlNG) GlRL: Dan? (KNOCKlNG) Yeah? Wait! Wait a minute, will you? Leave me alone! Let go of me! I'm not gonna hurt you. I just wanna talk to you. Please. French fries and coffee? You sure that's all you want? Uh-huh. Listen, if you could just give me some idea where Dan went, it really means a lot to me. I thought he was still there. I wouldn't have gone back if I thought he was gone. You can eat that cheeseburger, if you want. I'm not really that hungry. Listen, I'm not saying that he told you where he was going in so many words, but, see, I mean, you said you brought him food and cigarettes, you must've talked to him about the neighborhood, where a guy could go to hang out if he needed to. What happened to your shoulder, huh? Hey, look, he didn't talk to me, and I didn't talk to him. All I know about him is his name's Dan. I'm sorry, I can't help you out. Sure you can. You can help me eat all that food I ordered. No appetite. MAGNUM: After the first time I was wounded in Vietnam, I'd noticed a weird, familiar series of reactions to being shot. I wondered if anybody'd ever written them down, Iike Elizabeth Kubler-Ross' stages of death. First there's denial, then comes a giddy kind of relief, shock and surprise at still being alive, all the senses working in Technicolor and hi-fi at the joy of actually having survived. And then the paranoia sets in. It's happened once, it could happen again. (CREAKlNG) Suddenly every sound is an approaching enemy, every smell a lethal gas, and no way of knowing if it's a mind game, or a clear and present danger. And no way of stopping the heart from racing, the palms from sweating, until the paranoia stage has slipped into revenge. Don't shoot, it's me! What the hell are you doing here? I'll leave you alone. I didn't mean nothing. It's all right. It's all right. I thought you were someone else. Don't you know it's dangerous to sneak up on people... (GUNSHOT) Watch out! (GRUNTlNG) It's Driscoll. Stay right here. (GUNSHOTS) (CHlLD SHOUTlNG) Mommy! Mommy! Mommy! Driscoll! MAGNUM: An uneasy feeling settled over me as soon as Driscoll disappeared. I was angry at myself for losing him. But there was something else, something I didn't want to look at. I'd gone looking for Driscoll with a vengeance, telling myself I was doing it for Theo's five-year-old son, but I wasn't sure anymore whether I was doing it for the boy, or for me, for revenge, plain and simple. (KNOCKlNG ON DOOR) GlRL: It's me. Come on in. Chicken soup from Wong Fat's. Here's your change. Chinese chicken soup? Well, his real name's Wong Fat Schwartz. Why are you doing this? And why were you following me? Some people take care of other people, that's their job. Who takes care of you? You're bleeding. I'll be okay. Here, let me take a look at it. I'll be okay. What's your name? Don't have one. Oh, come on. Well, everybody's gotta have a name. Not me. Well, what did they call you in high school? I never went. What'd your mom call you? You gotta be kidding me. Well, I mean, you can't go through life not having a name. I mean, somebody's gotta have something to call you when they get to know you. I guess it just never got to that. Well, it just did. What name... What name would you like to have? Cappie. Well, I'm afraid that one's already taken by a certain missing desk clerk. No, I was just thinking, why'd Cappie disappear all of a sudden, the same time as that guy? Driscoll. Yeah. Maybe he figured Driscoll was back, and Driscoll knew somebody had to finger him, and that same somebody could turn him in again. If he saw Driscoll, he probably knows where he's hiding out. I gotta find him. Who's gonna tell you anything? Look, we'd have a better chance if I asked around. Okay. And don't get too close. I don't want you scaring anybody off. Whatever you say. Mary Elizabeth. I never liked my real name, but I've always sort of liked Mary Elizabeth. Whatever you say, Mary Elizabeth. Thanks a lot. Frankie saw... Frankie saw Cappie this morning, when he was taking his papers, and he went into the Randolph building. He noticed him and thought it was funny, because the Randolph building's been deserted for years. We'd better pick up a flashlight. Let's go. Wait a minute. Cappie? I don't think he's here. Cappie! (RUSTLlNG) Somebody's here. Cappie? It's me. Maybe it was just some rats. MARY ELlZABETH: Why don't we get out of here, you know, come back tomorrow or something? See, there's nobody down here. Why don't we just turn around? I think they were wrong. I don't think anybody's here. I don't like it down here at all. I can't even breathe anymore. It's spooky. (GROANS) Cappie! Wait! Mary Elizabeth! (GUNSHOT) MARY ELlZABETH: No! (SCREAMlNG) (MUFFLED SCREAMS) Let her go! Go to hell, Magnum. (GRUNTS) (GUNSHOT) (GUNSHOT) MAGNUM: After the feelings of revenge left, came the healing. That's what had always happened before. But this time something was different. And although I didn't want to admit it, I knew what it was. I'd said I was going after Driscoll for justice, but when I pulled that trigger, I wasn't sure if it was for justice, or for me. Magnum? No more tea, Higgins. I'm mending as fast as I can. I wasn't going to offer you any. There's someone here to see you. I wanna thank you for finding the man who killed my husband. I understand you had a young girl who helped you. I wish you'd give her something for me. I don't know what a young girl living on the streets would do with something like this, but it was the most precious gift my husband ever gave our son, and I'd like her to have it. Tell her, I said, "Thank you," and to come and see me any time. Her name is Mary Elizabeth. Mary Elizabeth. I'll remember. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 