Wiseguy: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wiseguy 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wiseguy (1987–2009): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 This was the pilot for the hit series. Ken Wahl stars as Vinnie Terranova, a Justice Department agent reassigned to the Organized Crime Bureau (OCB) as a "wiseguy", a specially trained deep... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [cell bars rattling] - [Jail Guard] Get  out of here, wiseguy, and don't come back. [somber instrumental music] - Hi. - Where do you wanna go? - 16th and Mill. Thank you. - The finger man  is Archie Watkins. He and Dermott are old pals from the street, they go way back. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But we got a hook in, so Archie made the call. Dermott said he'd be  here about 10 o'clock. I can dust him,  you don't have to do this, Mr. Steelgrave. - You don't understand, I want him myself. Let's drift. - Here you go. - Thanks. - Thanks a lot. Yeah, tell Dermott I'm out. Tell him I'll meet him in 20 minutes, same place. - So how you doing? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How's gladiator school? - Oh, it was wonderful, Frank. They had everything,  cockroach races, I even had a pet rat. It was your kind of place. - You miss me? - Why did I have to do the whole 18, Frank? Explain that to me. - So you ain't glad  to see your old buddy. - Oh yeah, I'm all  choked up, Frank. I've been dreaming about the smell of your lilac cologne. - You got more than five large on you, am I right? I heard running a still out of your cellblock. Come on, come on, give it to me, I gotta log it. - Don't press your luck, Frank. - You know why you did the whole 18, Vinnie? - Why? - 'Cause I convinced the RD that it was the right thing. - Does your mother have any idea what a total dink  you turned into? - My mother thinks I'm adorable. - Where's Dermot? - It's clear, Stanley. - Hey, Stan, how you doing? Come here. - Thank God you're out, I've been worried about you. - Eh, it was okay, I made out. Set me up pretty good. What's with these guys, I thought you were  going to retire. - Giving a going away  party for Dave Steelgrave, gonna drop half a  dozen felonies on him, I testify before the  grand jury on Tuesday. And then it's goodbye Jersey, hello Fort Lauderdale,  gonna move down there with my kids, they  got a guest house right on the inter coastal. - Oh, that's nice. - Yeah, but I had to make sure you got out of jail  with all your teeth before I hand you over to OCB. - Yeah, Dave and  Sonny Steelgrave, you think that's smart? - My whole life's  been devoted to this. It's like hitting  a 40-foot jump shot on your last game. Hey Frank. - Here. - Wait a minute, if you're going to Fort Lauderdale, who's  gonna be handling me? - I am, kiddo. - I was just your  training officer, your cover's set. I'm not in charge of  field assignments, the RD made the selection. - We'll have a  good time, Vinnie. Knock some of the  green off of ya, and maybe we'll race  a cockroach or two. - Frank will take  you back to OCB. - Thanks for sticking  around for me, Stan. - Hell, I couldn't blow town and leave you in jail, you're one of my super-ducks. I'll call you at the office, I got something I  gotta take care of. - Hey Stan, do me  a favor, will you? Be careful, Dave  Steelgrave isn't gonna go down easy. - They all go down eventually. These guys aren't  all that smart, they're just mean. - Take care of yourself. [somber music] - Let's go, super-duck. [long beep] [buzz] - Vincent, glad to see you, you look rested. - What are you, kidding me? I wasn't in St.  Moritz, you know. - So much for the pleasantries. Sorry you had to  take the whole fall, but Frank here  thought it would look a little fishy,  so we kept you in for your own protection. - Yeah, I'm lucky  to have this guy, he's sure looking after me. - Don't be a kissup, Vince. - So, Dermott says  you're ready to go in, take your first  undercover assignment. - Look, sir, Mr. Elias, I think I need some time off. I'm not ready to take  this assignment just yet. - That's normal. As a matter of fact,  the agents over at Saint John's even  have a name for it, it's called early  alert syndrome. I read a report on  it just last week, when an agent who's  about to go in begins to calculate his  odds for his own survival, and manifests his  unnatural desire to-- - Excuse me, sir,  but I don't have early alert syndrome, what I do have is a sick mother. She's got a heart condition, I've been unable to tell her what I'm doing, she thinks I'm some nickel and dime hoodlum. I'm putting a lot of  stress on her, and me too. - Carlotta Terranova,  68 years old, arterial sclerosis, general  valve problem, inoperable. She won't talk to Vince. She cut him off after  he started piling up these convictions, making  him look like a wiseguy. - Well, I'm sorry, but you know the rules here, you can't tell anybody  what you're up to, certainly no relatives, there are people's lives are at stake. [slam] - No sir, I don't  know how much time she has, it may be six  months or six years, I don't know, and I want to get things straight before something happens to her. - If you tell your  mother and she happens to tell one of her friends, and your cover gets blown, they're  gonna pick you up on the street some night, and start putting cigarettes out on your  feet, until you give up the entire program,  and all the other agents, it's OCB policy, it's inviolate. - Okay, then I resign. - You can't resign, you haven't even started. We had four years  invested in you. Get Stan Dermott in here. [somber music] - Dermot? Man, where the hell you been? I'm risking my life  meeting you here. If anybody knew I  was telling you this, they'd kill me. - It's hard to  shake my bodyguards, what you got for me, Arch? - How you doing, Stan? - Damn it, what the  hell's going on there! [gun shots] - Thanks, Arch. [gun shots] [grim music] - How is he? - Not good. - You're supposed  to wait downstairs. If they're casing this and you walk in here,  you're gonna get made. Well, you just play things the way you want, don't you? - I want to be alone with him. [somber music] I'll get them for you, Stan. I'll be there to  lower Dave Steelgrave in the ground, it's a promise. [monitor beeps flatly] - Clear out of the way, please. All clear. [thwack]  [flat beeping] Again. [thwack]  [flat beeping] Again. [buzzing]  [thwack] [flat beeping] - [Vinnie] Bless me  Father, for I have sinned. - [Priest] No kidding. Well I guess you  haven't changed much, have you, Vinnie? - [Vinnie] Listen, Pete, I'm  not gonna confess to you, because the last time I did, you told Mom and I had to wash the kitchen  floor for a month. - [Pete] You were six,  you stole my cowboy boots. - [Vinnie] Says you. Come on, let's get out  of this phone booth. - Meet me in the sacristy. Well, you look pretty good for a guy that just  got out of prison. - Thanks, Pete. Yeah, well, looking  good's one of my shallow traits. Pete, how's Mom? She been asking about me while I was gone? - She loves you, man. She keeps your picture at  the bottom of her dresser, it's hidden there. She pulls it out,  looks at it, you know, I caught her once, she  tried to cover it up. You could tell her  you're working for the government,  what would it hurt? - Pete, I wasn't even  supposed to tell you, but I figured a guy could  tell his priest anything. Look, if I told Mom,  she'd tell Uncle Pete and Aunt Celeste, they'd let it slip to Norwood, he'd tell that  dingbat wife of his, and she'd tell half the  Metropolitan Light building. - She got sacked, she's home eating bonbons and doing crosswords. She's hacking poor  Norwood to pieces. - Yeah, but still. Mom couldn't keep it to herself, I shamed her, she'd  have to tell somebody. And then you'd count to 10, and I'd be the captain  of 50-gallon oil drum at the bottom of a river. - Look, Vinnie, until you can come  clean with Mom, don't go over. You know how upset she gets, I don't think it  would be good for her. You okay? You seem different. - Yeah, I guess. I lost a real good  friend last night, and when I lost him, it  changed some important plans, but it's okay. I'll work it out,  don't worry about it. - When are they sending you in? - Soon. - I hope you get a chance to square things with Mom, she's not gonna  be around forever, Vinnie. - Come on, Pete. Pete, I gotta do this one. The man died with  me holding him. - There are other ways to save a brother's soul than to offer yourself up in some vengeful act. - Pete, you know, all the people that come in here and pray, they  all got problems. 70 percent of them  can't get a bank loan, a guy can't make the  payments on his house; he's got a wife and kid, he doesn't want them to be evicted, so he goes  on the street for the money. He misses a couple of payments, the first thing you know, somebody's ringing his bell with a steel pipe. Now you got his  widow and his kid, and they're praying for help. - And the Lord will provide it. - Okay, all right. But what if what the Lord  provides is people like me? People to go out and  get these brajoles? What if you and I are  just on different ends of the same handoff? [somber music] - How did we turn  out so different? And so much alike? - Come here. I'll keep in touch, Pete. You take care of  Mom while I'm gone. [dramatic orchestral music] Wait for me, Mom. Please wait for me. - [Frank] So the RD  went for it, huh? You threatened to resign,  if he don't put you in the Steelgrave family. You want him, huh? - Yeah, I want him. - You're taking  this too personal. Stan Dermott knew  what he was doing when guys get in this racket. He wasn't your father, he  was just a training officer. - Hey Frank, do me a favor and shut up, will you? - Have it your own way. - Where's the restaurant where these people like to eat? - Down the street on the right, it's a place called Le Magason, but you're making a mistake  going in there cold, I got numbers runners set up, I can put you in  the bottom of the Steelgrave organization, that way you got somebody in his crew  fronting for you. - But I want the Steelgraves to pick me, I want to be their  hand-picked protege. - What do you think,  these guys are just going to reach out for you? - No, but Sonny used  to fight golden gloves when he was a kid, and so did I, that ought to give us something to talk about. - Oh yeah, sure. That oughta do it, yeah. All right, you gotta  call the Lifeguard before you go in, check out  the out/in codes. And take it easy, will you? I don't like you,  but I don't want to have to bury you. - Now there's a sweet  sentiment, Frank, now give us a kiss,  and I'll see you in a couple of months. - Get out of my car. [scoffs] - This is McPike's  style section, 13 hundred hours, he's loose, log it. [phone rings] [urgent music] - Good morning, Sailor Hardware, how may I help you? - This is agent 4587, date code, style section, one, 10,87, ident procedure,  the fashion factory. - Hey, how you doing, Vinnie. Welcome to life  with the Lifeguard, how was the house of many doors? - Terrible, even the  Christmas pageants stunk. - Okay, well let's do it, son. Here's the drill. Uncle Mike is a pull out, let's make breakfast  the emergency, lunch is right away, dinner means lay back  and survey it, okay? Do you want a callback prot? - No, let's just stay  with the first article in the style section of the  Atlantic City Daily News, go with month, day and year, that way I can do it on the fly. - You got, it, cowboy. And give my love to the hookers and the hitters. [urgent music] - Here goes nothing. - I'm sorry, we got  all the help we need, come back in two, three months, we're losing some guys then. - Hey, look pal, I'm hurting. Hey, I need the cash, look, I worked in restaurants all over the place, I know the drill. - You don't hear good, look, I told you, come  back in three months. - What's it pay, busing tables? - Five bucks an  hour, but I told you, we're full. - Wait a minute, Wait a minute, I'll tell you what, you and me, we'll make a deal, huh? I kick back three  of the five to you, at the end of the 40-hour week, you got an extra 120  coming back at you. - What are you, nuts? - Yeah, I got brain damage from standing in the subway, come on, what do you say? - Welcome to the firm. - Thank you. - No, you can  change in the back. - All right. - What's your name? - Vince, Vince Terranova, you're not gonna be sorry sir, anything you want, I do for you. [people chatting] - I don't think it's smart to do your own rubber  glove work, Dave. - Come on, Sonny, that guy was gonna bury me. Him I had to do myself. - That's why we pay Tony here. Oh no. Get out of here,  will you, Hawthorne? - There it is, Sonny, signed by Judge Owen Nelson. I got three guys going through your office files right now. Stan Dermott got hit last night, just two days  before he was gonna testify against Dave here, but I don't suppose  you guys know anything about that, huh? - Stan Dermot, no kidding, I liked him. You remember him, Sonny? The short fat guy  with the red nose. - I'm gonna be on  your back from now on, everybody gets hassled. - I hope you got  somebody starting your car for you, mister. - Is that a threat, Tarzan? It's against the law  to threaten people, especially FBI-type people, it's called verbal assault. Takes you away for three years. - If you could prove it. - I hope my officers  don't leave your place in too big a mess. Have a nice lunch, guys. - Leave it. Where does this guy come from? All of a sudden, everywhere I go, he's standing in front of me with a federal warrant. - We can shut him out, Sonny. - Are you nuts? Dave already killed one frisbee. We kill another one, we all gotta move to  Tibet for the winter. We've got nothing  up in the office he could use on us, am I right? - They could tear the  wallpaper down again, they'll find nothing. - Dave, I want you to  get Howard pumped up. We've got rights,  get somebody to get a restraining order. Let's make this judge stop signing this stuff, let's make him sit up straight. - You got it, Sonny. - I want this piece of crud off my back. - You got it. [ominous music] - Let's get out of here. [clank] - Look, I'm sorry, it slipped. [crash] [woman screams] I said I was sorry. - I'm sorry, Mr. Steelgrave, he's new, get back to  the kitchen, Vince. - No, this guy pushed me, hey, why'd you push me? I said it was a mistake. - Hey you, why don't  you do yourself a big favor and get out of here? - Oh, I like this,  I really like this. Who are you, you the guy that finishes what he starts? - I'm sorry, Mr. Steelgrave. - Hey, don't apologize to him, what about me? - You're fired, leave this  restaurant immediately. [clunk] [splash] [smack] - What are you  looking for, mister? Maybe I got some  of what you want. - Hey, I take what comes. The only question now is, are you gonna do it,  or is Godzilla gonna try and do it for you? - Sonny, let me just take this cowboy outside and  wreck him for you. - Yeah, let this  gabone take a shot, then I'm gonna come back in here and feed you his pantyhose. - You want me? - Yeah. - You've got me, two hours, Pier Six, warehouse  three, come on over. Make arrangements as  to where you want me to send the body. - That man's name  is Sonny Steelgrave. Ask around, you ain't gonna like what you hear. - Oh yeah, what am I gonna hear, sweetcheeks, that you and him go  dancing together? - You and me, we're  gonna get our chance. - Boy, that guy was  sort of crazy, huh? I think we're real lucky to have him out of here. - [Tony] Look Sonny,  you don't have to mess with this guy, I'll  take care of him. - Nobody talks to me that way. - I'll take care of him for you, nobody will know. - I'll know. You'll know. [ominous music] - [Tony] I'm telling  you, I don't get it. He's supposed to be  importing Indian dollars, but he's stacking  pallets in a warehouse he rented from us. I think he's  exporting something, he's got a ship coming, it's hit a storm, it's a day late,  I don't know what he's up to. This is your piece  of the action, Tony. You're supposed to know. I don't want this  guy putting heat on my piers, we're legitimate. You pick up Winfield,  you find out. - I can't believe  this Winfield guy's in anything, he's a wimp. Bow ties, oxfords, he  looks like he should be teaching chemistry  at a girl's school. - Tony. - All right, I'll  take care of it. - You call Howard? - You know you only  have to tell me once. He's gonna meet  the judge tonight. - I almost forgot about you. - Yeah? I didn't forget about you, you cost me my job. - I thought it was just  gonna be us, Mr. Steelgrave. - You know who I am? - Yeah, don't mean  nothing to me. - You crazy? - I said I'd be  here, and I'm here, it's as simple as that. - Nothing's that simple. - Are we gonna talk, or you wanna settle this? - I don't think we  have much choice. It's gone too far. [clunk] [crash] [thud] [groans] - Come on, Sonny. [thud] [crack] [thud] - Come on, Sonny. [thud] [thudding] Way to go, b. [crack] Get him, Sonny! [thud] [groans] [thud] [smack] - [Dave] You got  him, you got him. [thudding] [thudding] [crash] [pow] [groans] [thudding]  [crash] [ominous music] - You had me. Meet me at a gambling joint I own by the pier, the Royal Diamond Hotel and Casino, tomorrow. [coughs] - How about we go dancing? Try this step, sweetcheeks. [crack] [groans] [ominous music] - Excuse me. Door. - [Tracy] Sorry. - Excuse me. - What did the  other guy look like? - He looks great. See, what I was trying to do was block as many punches as I could with my face, without  taking my hands out of my pockets. [laughs] Of course, you got  to know how to do it. - This is the management office. - Yeah, I got hired yesterday. I'm supposed to  meet Mr. Steelgrave here this morning. - Sonny or Dave? - [Vinnie] Sonny. - He's my uncle, I'm  Tracy Steelgrave, Dave Steelgrave's my father. - Vince Terranova. So what do you do around here? - Oh, I'm just home for a week. I study law at UCLA. Borrowing an office to  study for my finals. - How you doing, Tracy. See you tonight at  your uncle's party. If you like, I could swing by and give you a ride. - Um, Vince is going to take me. - Sonny wants to  see you inside, now. - What party? - My uncle Sonny's  throwing my parents their 25th wedding  anniversary party. It's an open house, really. You don't have to pick  me up, but I thank you for being handy, Tony  kind of freaks me. - Come on, I already told you once, let's go. Leave her alone,  Dave doesn't like employees hitting on her. - Oh, but in your case  he makes an exception because you're the Grand Duke of Brooklyn, right? - You got a smart  mouth on you, punk. - Yeah, it's a fault  I'm working on. - Maybe we could  work on it together. - Hey, I don't want  any trouble with you. What do you say we start over? - Princess, you look gorgeous. - Thank you, Dad. Mom wants you to call  her about the party. - Okay. - Okay? - So what's the problem, Fred? You put somebody with  a long lens up on the roof, and you  take some pictures. Come on now, start  using your brains, I wanna know what  this guy's doing on my pier, call me back. You got a great right hand. - You hit like a pile driver, Mr. Steelgrave. You should have been a fighter. - I was, 15 years ago. Fought in golden gloves. Til my dad died, then I came  into the family business. - No kidding, I used to fight in golden gloves myself,  about 15 years back. - You don't have to  convince me of that. Vince, Vince something, right? - Terranova. - Vinnie Terranova,  I'd like you to meet my brother, Dave Steelgrave. [ominous music] - How you doing, Mr. Steelgrave? - How you doing? You got some good moves, you almost had Sonny. I ain't never seen that before. - So I'll take Vinnie down, introduce him to Don,  get him started maybe on the east side,  or down in Trenton. - You kidding me? Come on, I want to  show you something. Dave, keep an eye on things for me, will you? Mario calls, I want  you to get the dope on the short count over at the Rabid Rabbit, I think I'm gonna  have to take care of these gray cats personally. - You got it, Sonny. - Golden gloves, eh? - Yeah, that was something. I loved fighting  in that tournament. I had an uppercut that  could unplug your battery. That was funny  yesterday, wasn't it? Made you feel like a kid again. - [Woman] Morning,  Mr. Steelgrave. - I don't know, Mr. Steelgrave. I feel like I got hit by a bus. [laughs] - Here we are. - Wow, what is this? Somebody live here? - Look, I had some  friends check you out. You're fresh out of  county start, right? I know you've been down. Guys learn how to hold  their ground in there. Also found out you were staying at the Pier Motel, it's a foxhole down there. I figured you wouldn't mind my upgrading your  living requirements. - You're kidding. - You knew who I  was when you came to the warehouse. - Yeah, so? So? You knew I had  important action here, you still showed up, I like that. - Look, Mr. Steelgrave. - Sonny, call me Sonny. - All right, Sonny. It's not about who you are,  it's about what you are. If I don't take  myself seriously, who else will? - Some people never  understand that. I've learned that some  guys have got it here other guys have got it here. I don't know about you, Vinnie. You could be just  some waiter who's not too smart, or  you could be a guy who could do some heavy work. We'll find out, okay? - Yeah, sure. - In the meantime, you  can borrow this place. It belongs to a friend of mine who got relocated  to the federal pen. You leave his stuff  alone, he won't mind you using the place. - Okay. - It's a Porsche. It's a red one, I think. I don't know, it's  downstairs in the garage, the battery's dead,  I'm sure you could take care of that. - Thank you. - And I want a rematch, Vinnie. This time, no holding back. I figure maybe in about a week, we give it a try down at the gym, with the gloves on. - You got a date, Sonny. But if I hammer your lights out, you're not gonna  leave me in the trunk of that Porsche, are you? - Don't worry about that, 'cause you're not  going to beat me. - Oh. - You drive a car  pretty good, Vinnie? - Yeah, I can drive. - Good, my driver's out of state on personal business for about four, five years. Wanna drive for me  till he gets back? - That's fine with me. - Car's in the basement, Tony will show you where it is, you take  it to get washed, you be back by five. Get some new suits, will you? You go down to the  shop in the lobby, you tell them you work for me, they'll let you sign for it. - How am I going to pay you back for all this? - Oh, don't worry, you're gonna earn your money. One word of caution, Vinnie. It's a tough track,  lots of people pushing and shoving,  everybody feeling pressure, even at the bottom. - I can handle that. - You mess up, you  get dropped in a hole near the turnpike. Once a year, we drive by, and someone says, "Eh,  isn't that the spot "where we planted 'ol Vinnie?" You get what I'm telling you? - Yeah. - Enjoy yourself,  have a good time, don't make too much noise. I run a clean joint. [ominous music] - Before you start it, you check under the hood, under the axles, and under the  chassis, understand? - Yeah. Hey Tony, where's  the nearest car wash? Hey. - Oh, there goes  Sonny's parade float, with a new footman. [sirens blare] - How you doing, something wrong? - Hey Arnie, he wants to know if something's wrong. Yeah, there's a lot of  things that are wrong. This car's crawling with  vehicular irregularities. - This is gonna be  a roust, isn't it? - Hey Arnie, this guy  thinks we're rousting him. Tell him we ain't  rousting him, Arnie. - We ain't rousting you. - See? We just wanted to pull you over to see who Sonny's  new wiseguy's gonna be now that Al's out of town. You got a name? - Yeah, I got a name. Vince Terranova. - Vince Terranova, is that a Caucasian name? - It's Italian. - Oh, Italian. Vinnie, Vinnie. Well you and I, we're going to be seeing a lot of  each other, Vinnie. - Hey, it's fine with me. - You go a license? - Yeah. - Ah, this one's torn, Vinnie. The vehicle court  says you've gotta have one that's not torn. Get it fixed, okay? - Yes sir, I sure will. - Vinnie, you know  why we stopped you? You got a broken  taillight back there. - No, I think you're  wrong, Sheriff, I checked out the  car before I left. - Hey Arnie, you find  anything back there? [clank] - Man's got a busted  taillight back here, Lou. - Now you wanna get out  of the car, Mr. Terranova? You wanna open the trunk? - And what are you  gonna do if I don't, throw a grenade under there? - Open it. [ominous music] - Help yourself. - I'm gonna let you slide this time Vinnie, but I want you to get  this taillight fixed, because you and me  are going to be seeing a lot of each other. And Vinnie? When you see Sonny, tell  him Louis Butcher said hi. [crash] - Louis Butcher's going to trip over his IQ one day and fall into a pit, and that skinny gamone  who travels with him, he's gonna go down too. Double pork on  lye, hold the mayo. Leave the limo, we'll take this one over here. I want you to drive me  across town, Vinnie. - I can take you Sonny, Vince can take-- - No, no, I want  Vince to take me, it's okay, I'll meet  you at the warehouse in a couple of hours. - Hey, I got the time. - Hey, Tony, no sweat, okay? Vince is driving me. - All right. [ominous music] - What's your story, Vinnie? - What do you mean? - Everybody's got a story, where you've been,  where you're headed. Girls you loved,  guys you wrecked, what's a Vinnie Terranova? - Well I tell you, Sonny, I only got one ambition. - What's that? - I wanna draw my last breath at exactly the same moment I spend my last buck. I want to check out owing  nothing, owning nothing. Anything wrong with that? - No. - Good. - Pull in the middle of this block and park. - All right. - Come on. - Hey Sonny, this is a  pretty downbeat neighborhood. If we're looking for girls, we ain't gonna do too good. - [Sonny] This guy  owes me some money, take a minute. - [Vinnie] All right. [cheerful jazz music] - Okay Vinnie,  this can get ugly, so be ready for anything. Jones is the sack  of garbage with the dirt over his top lip. - This guy ain't a friend  of yours, I take it. Who are the other guys? - Well, if Jones gets smart, they're his pallbearers. What are you doing, Jones? I spoke to Freddy,  told me you had an off night. - Yes, Mr. Steelgrave,  it seems everybody hit the number, it's like  a psychic phenomenon. - Psychic phenomenon? Yeah, that's interesting. What would you call  five coconuts who short counted their  lender and ended up individually and  separately grazing on the moss at the bottom  of the Jersey River? Would that be a  psychic phenomenon? - Is that supposed  to be a threat on and the lives of me  and my associates? - If isn't, it's  the next best thing. Now I came here to collect  15 thousand dollars that you owe me and  another five we'll call a late payment penalty. - Look, I told you,  I got hit, man. The number was hit by  five different people. - You're putting me  to sleep, Jonesy. Cough it up. Don't try those  low-rent moves here. You're not dealing  with melonheads. My people will  come down here and make you do the backstroke  through Rabid Rabbit pellets, now let's go. [thud] Get the money up. - So who's he? - That's my accountant, Vince. - Nice to meet you, Vince, I'm Gravedigger Jones. [scoffs] - What are you, kidding me? - You have a real nice evening, Mr. Steelgrave. - Okay, Jonesy. Hope those psychic  phenomenons don't come around here again. - Ain't that the truth. - Ain't no future in it. - Let him get a few blocks away. Then run him over and dust them. And get my money back. - Man, you are nuts. - You ever let people  steal from you, they lose respect. Then they start to  walk all over you, then they think  you're soft enough for a hit, bing, you  find yourself dead. - Yeah, but they just let us walk out of there with the money. - Oh no, not them, they're not that smart. [tires screeching]  [suspenseful music] - You ever play street  baseball, Vinnie? [laughs] This kind of stuff  happen much, Sonny? - They think they're  gonna try and get that money back from me. I got other plans. [tires screeching] Ram that thing, come  on, let's do it. [crash] - [Vince] Sonny. - Come on. [thud] [crack] [thudding] Come on, come on. [bam] Come on. Come on, give me your wallet. - Come here. Come here, come here, come here. What do you got, nothing? Get out of here, go ahead. Get out of here! [clunk] [clank] - Give me your jewelry. - What are you doing? What are you doing Vinnie, come on, we gotta  get out of here. [laughs] You're taking his? I love it, you're  taking his jewelry, I love it. - Wait wait. - Come on. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. - Nice doing business  with you guys. - What are we gonna do  with all this jewelry? - I don't know. - Hey, pal. You and me pal, we're gonna have real fun together. [laughs] Yeah! - What is that? - That's 20 grand,  the extra five? Licorice. [chuckles] We also got some  bad taste jewelry. Show him, yeah, show him. [cackles] [phone rings] - Yeah? Yeah, I'm on my way up. - Who's that? - That's Fred, he's upstairs. He said Winfield just pulled into the end of the pier. - Okay, pick him off. Find out what he's doing. Take Vinnie with you. - I don't need Vinnie. - He's aboard, Tony. He did good tonight. Take him with you,  call me at the hotel when you pick up Winfield. - Yeah, sure, right. - Why don't you  keep that one, Tony? It'll go great with your green feather hat. [clang] [somber music] - [Tony] What's happening? - Same as last  night, these guys are definitely dirty, Mr. Greco. Stocking pallets in  Warehouse Three there. Those guys at the  end of the pier there are headcrushers, and the  guy in the trench coat's got an autotuned pumper  under his arm in a sling. - Is that right? Said they're importing some  little Indian doohickeys. Looks like they're  exporting something heavy, where's Winfield? - He's in that blue  Chevy rental at the end of the pier, there. He's just sitting  there drinking coffee from a thermos. If it goes like last  night, he'll take off in about an hour. - I'm gonna find out  what that little wimp is up to, and I'm  gonna spill his teeth. Fred, give Vinnie your piece. Come on pal, let's go. [suspenseful music] [tires screech] - Tony, what's the matter? - Shut up, Norman, shut up. - What are you doing? - Get in the back. - Let go of me. What are you doing? What are you doing, I paid you. - Hey Norman, do  you wanna kiss off right now, or do  you wanna shut up and give yourself  a chance to make it at the end of the day, huh? - Yeah, okay. - Get out of here. [tires screech]  [people screaming] - Okay, what do you want? - I want you to shut up, Norman. You, stay outside. - What are you gonna do to him? - I'm gonna ask  him some questions, now put a sock in it,  and stay by the car. - [Norman] I never told Sykes. - [Tony] It's either you or me. [Norman screams]  [people screaming] [zapping] Terranova, Vinnie! Where the hell are you! - I'm over here, sorry. - Mr. S just got here with  his guy, just told me. You stay here, and  don't go inside. I'm gonna take the car, I'll be back in 10  minutes with Dave. You go in there,  Winfield will tell me, he's very sensitized  and he'll tell me anything right now, you got it? - I ain't gonna  go in there, Tony, what do you want, a  letter from my priest? [banging] Mr. Winfield, you  all right in there? [silence] How you doing, Mr. Steelgrave? - You went in  there, you went in, I told you not to go in there. - What, what are  you talking about? - Get in here. - I swear, this guy  was alive when I left, Vinnie here must have  seen the combination on the lock, came in  here, and whacked him around or something. - What you telling him that for? I didn't touch him. - All I know is, we sent you out to a do a job, you  brought back a stiff. Sonny's gonna go nuts. - Hey, this guy was  alive when I left, now he' dead. You were the guy that was  supposed to watch him, that's all I know. - Hey there's all  kinds of alive, man. There's alive and well, and there's alive and hardly breathing. - Knock it off, we'll  settle it later. I'm gonna go get Sonny. Get him out of here,  take him out to the country and  plant him down deep, I don't want him popping up in the spring rain. Then we're gonna go the pier, and we're gonna take these guys, and we're gonna see  what they're doing. - Look, Dave, I'm sorry. - I hate mistakes. This guy wasn't  supposed to croak, you can't get answers  from a dead man. - I don't know what  your story is, pal, but you just made a  major mistake with me. - Is that right? - [Vinnie] Yeah. - I'm scared to death. [sirens blare] [ominous music] - He must have  followed Dave's driver from the hotel. - What do you wanna do? - Pull over, I'm gonna put this pushy cop into  a new category. - Hi fellas, just out  for a little ride? - How you doing, Sheriff Butcher? Yeah, Tony and I  were just trying out his new car. - How you doing, Tony? - You fellas know you  got a taillight out? [crack] - You know, you and your partner are death on tail lights. - Yeah, well, I guess  it's a vehicular pet peeve of mine. Now you gentlemen wanna get out of the car, maybe we can open up  that trunk and fix it. Otherwise, I'm gonna  have to impound this car because it don't  live up to Jersey standards. - Yeah, I tell you  what, I promise to get it fixed, maybe  I'll drop it by-- - [Butcher] Get of  the car both of you! [tires screeching] [crash] [gun shots] - That was dumb! Now he's gonna come  looking for you. We should have just  popped them both, unless you got a  reason for not wanting to kill cops. - Yeah, I got a  reason, it's stupid! - [Tony] Yeah? Well now you gotta go  hole up some place. - No, Dave said meet  him at the pier, after we get rid  of Winfield's body, that's where we're going. - [Dave] Go on,  Vinnie, open her up. - W-A-R 15. - You guys are shipping hot guns off our pier. Okay, what is this, where'd this come from? You rip off an armory, or what? [groans] - It's the Winfield  Assault Rifle, designed them and built them. - For who? - I don't know. - Where's the crew and  the ship's captain? - There's no one onboard. - We wait, whoever owns the ship and paid for these  guns will be back. - Gentleman, we gotta  look at the upside. These guns and this ship, they gotta be worth  something to somebody. We find out who  that somebody is, sell 'em back. The Winfield Assault Rifle. Cal. - Yeah. - Take these jokers outside, find out if they really don't know anything. You, yeah, you. I want you to get your tail back to the casino. Stay locked in your room, until I figure out how  to get the heat off. If you rammed Butcher, he's gonna be all over us, like a bad-looking woman. - I'm sorry about that, Sonny, I just figured a  dead cop was more pressure than a hit  and run, that's all. - Just get back to the hotel. - Okay. - Come on, Sonny, we can't be late for the party. - [Sonny] Hey Tony, you've  gotta clean this pier up. - [Tony] You got it, Sonny. [grim music] - What are you doing here? - Oh, hi, I thought  everybody would be at your parents'  party tonight. - They are, I'm on  my way there now, I just came by to pick up  their anniversary present. What are you doing? - Well, I lost my lighter here this afternoon, at  least I think I did. It's kind of sentimental,  it was given to me by my father. - Where were you sitting? - Well, I was over  there, and then I moved over here, I  think, I don't know. It's gotta be around  here someplace. - "To Vinnie, Love, Dad." - Thank you very much, wouldn't wanna lose it. - I had kind of a nasty argument with my father this afternoon. He said he didn't want me  messing around with you. - Oh, I guess that means Tony blew us in, huh? - He says he has an  instinct about you, whatever that means. I don't know why I  just told you that. Probably means  you're gonna steer wide circles around me, huh? That wouldn't be the first  time that's happened. Do you wanna take a walk? - Yeah, sure, okay. - When I was in high  school and the boys I dated found out  who my father was, they'd stop calling,  which made no sense to me, I mean, my dad was  the greatest dad in the whole world, most of the time. Sometimes you can't talk to him. A coldness comes over him. I guess it was then  I started to wonder if what they wrote about him might be true. - It must be a weird  scene to find yourself in at that age. - Even as I got older,  the men I dated got older. There would always be  those questions, you know, "What does your dad  do for a living?" "That Dave Steelgrave." It got to the point where I was just lying, you know, if I liked the guy. [poignant instrumental music] They'd hear it somewhere else, and they'd all go away. So finally I had to. - That's why you went to  college on the West coast. - I'd have gone further if I could have. Somewhere where they just  don't print newspapers, and nobody could find out. - But you still seem very  close to your family. - They're like a separate  entity, you know, it's like college or work. When I come to see them, nothing I have in California comes with me. And when I go back home, I leave them all behind. Are you close with your family? - Oh, well. I got an Uncle Mike who kind of watches over me. - Your parents aren't alive? - No, my dad's dead. We were pretty close,  for the last couple of years, mostly. He was pretty good  with me from the time I was about 16 on. - What about your mom? - Well my mom's always  been closer to my brother. She was always a great mom to me, but it's been kind of  hard on her with me being in jail and everything. I guess I'm just not  the kind of son a mother would be proud of. - Is that what she thinks? - That's what I think. So when are you  going back to school? - Probably the sooner  the better, huh? - Maybe for you. - Maybe for both of us. Aren't you afraid of my dad? Or Uncle Sonny? - Only if they find out. [sirens blaring] [tires screech] - [Cop] We got him! - Hey, Vinnie. I've gotta take you  to driver's school so you can work on some of  those moving violations. - What is this,  what's the matter? - No, it's just a case  of mistaken identity. - I'm going with you. - No! Don't get involved, Tracy, just do me a favor,  call my Uncle Mike, five, five, five,  two, six, one, zero, tell him what happened, that I want him to get me out. Okay, will you do that? - Yes, I will. - [Sheriff Butcher]  Come on, get in there. [sirens blare] [phone rings] - Mike Terranova,  what can I do for you? - Is this Vince Terranova's Uncle Mike? - Yeah, you got it, who's this? - I'm a friend of his,  he asked that I call you, he was just arrested by the  New Jersey Police Department. - That guy is always  getting in trouble. Vinnie just can't keep  his nose straight, can he? - Well, we wanted  you to bail him out, and he said as soon as possible. - Yeah, yeah, that's the way it always is with this guy. Okay, okay, I'll find him. Hey, thanks for the call. - Okay. - Hey Sherm, Sherm,  do not put me on hold man, this  is the hotline. Okay, have somebody call McPike and tell him his boy Terranova  just hit the lockup. - Yeah, you tell me  how you're gonna be a successful criminal  if you can't make it one week without getting pinched. - Hey, I was just  trying to save that redneck sheriff's life. Greco was gonna blow him away right on the spot, and I had no way to stop it, not without tipping my hand. The guy's an  unstable load, Frank. You gotta get me out of here. - No, what you're gonna do is, you're gonna get yourself a  real expensive mouthpiece, and you're gonna go  to war with the DA. You know, it looks to me like you're burning the  houses already. Brand new Rolex,  diamond cuff links. Three hundred dollars in cash. - Well the Steelgraves are  real generous employers, you should see my  German ride, Frank. Now look, I want  you to take this and run this guy down. His name's Norman Winfield. - [Frank] Who is  he, what does he do? - He fertilizes empty lots. Right now he's working the corner of Kentucky and Reardon. - You sure? - Yeah, I'm sure. I helped bury. When he was alive,  he was some kind of a gun manufacturer. I want you to dig  him up and find out what killed him. Now my bet is that he  died of excessive voltage, courtesy of Tony Greco. I also wanna know  where he's from, where he's been, and where  he's staying here in town. - Now you do me a favor. You don't call up  about anymore bodies that you've buried, huh Vince? They're real hard to explain. - I'll tell you what, Frank, I'll keep it out  of my report if you keep it out of yours. [people chatting] Thanks for bailing  me out, Sonny. - What are you, kidding me? Was I gonna leave you in there? When you got somebody  working for you, you gotta take care of them. You never leave them  swinging, even if they messed up, everybody messes up now and then, it's all right, just  don't make a habit of it. - Come on Sonny, let's go. Boxcar Louis's  waiting for us, we got business across town. - I'll bring the car around. - No, Al's driving. Come on, Sonny. - Here's a bulletin,  Dave's not happy with you. - Oh, Tracy, right? - If you're that  smart, how come you're not that smart? - I don't wanna duck  this one, Sonny, but I didn't do anything. - Hey look, I told Dave  I'd talk to you, we talked. - Are you sure you don't want me to go with you? - Go get cleaned  up, get some rest, meet me at Gorman's  Gym in the morning. - All right. - Hey, how are things in your office upstairs? - Not again, are you gonna rip this joint up every other day? - Oh, if you're missing me, I can come every day. - Oh, we got laws against  harassment, fella. - Yeah, there's  all kinds of laws. You probably won't  believe this goomba, but they even got a law against murdering federal agents. - Oh yeah, I haven't  heard that one before, is that new? - Oh come on, let them pore  through the wastebaskets. There, let's get out of here. - I think I got his  blood pressure up a point or two,  let's do it again. - Norman Winfield, he worked at various times for Lockheed, McDonald  Douglas, Smith and Wesson, and a number of government  facilities requiring low priority clearance. His specialty is small  armaments and weaponry design. For the past two years, he has not held a job. Rundown on his credit  card shows that he has been traveling in and  out of the country frequently the past  10 months, mostly to Mar del Calor and  Quintana, both in Mexico, where he's been seen with  an international arms dealer named Reynaldo Sykes. He has frequented a number of motels across the country, most recently  the Garden Rose Motel hall on 65; he checked  in there two days ago, and he has not checked out,  [knocking] registered to room one two two. [pensive music] [sensual jazz music] - Oh hello, I'm looking  for Norman Winfield's room. You know, this is  a very good year, and I'm sorry to  intrude, but I have some business with Norman. - You have no  business with Norman. - You know all about  Norman, do you? I bet you do. Well, the one thing  you may not know is that he's dead. - We all have to go sometime. - Well I can see from  your generous overflow of emotion that you and Norm  weren't romantically involved. Or was this more of a  business celebration? - Why did you come here? - To meet you, or whoever  was working with Winfield. You see, I'm with the  guys who own the pier that Winfield was using. I've got the guns, and I want to talk to Sykes. Oh, you felt that one. You tell Sykes if  he wants his goods, to contact me at this number. Take it. And tell him not to  wait to long either, because if he does,  I'll dump his crates in the Atlantic. [thudding] - Jab, jab, jab, jab, nice. Nice, nice. - Hey Sonny, what is it? - Vincent, look, hey Vinnie, how's it going, baby? - All right. - Do you like my kid? What do you think, yeah? - [Vince] Yeah,  he's got good legs, but he's telegraphing  with his left, he holds his mitts too low, he better get them up too otherwise  you're going to be hearing a lot of white noise. - Hey, I told you,  keep those hands up! Everybody wants to  be Ali, you know? - Listen I think I ran down the guy who owns the guns. His name's Reynaldo Sykes. - You what? - Yeah, well I figured  you wanted this guy pretty bad, so I went  out in the street to locate him. - You don't do anything  without checking with me. - So what did you find out? - Well I figured since it  was taking a couple of days to get his shipload,  that Winfield had to be staying the area, someplace. I called the motels  an the hotels, saying I was Winfield, asking for my messages. He was staying at the  Garden Rose Motel, room 122. - You're telling  me you just dialed every motel in the phone book, until you found the right one, that simple? - Yeah, that simple. - That simple,  finally I got somebody with brains working for me. So how's that get us Sykes? - Well, I found one  of his associates and I gave her your number. I said if they wanted  they merchandise back, to contact me within 24  hours, or it goes overboard. - Oh boy, I like that. [somber music] - [Tony] Charlie. - Mr. Greco, I was  just checking out what's happening with  that, I can't seem to catch a winner. - Clear it out,  spend an afternoon at the track. Let's go Cal, start checking the joint out, make sure it's  empty, take upstairs. Come on, come on, let's go. [knocking] - Gas leak! Come on! Gas leak! - Here they come! [ominous music] - Ba dum, would you look at her? - What the hell is that? He bring a broad to the meeting? This guy wouldn't  last six seconds in the Rabid Rabbit. They'd plaster him  all over the walls. [chuckles] - Is that all? - So what sells best,  the frozen corn, or the peas? - Sonny Steelgrave, that's my brother Dave. You must be Sykes. - I'm pleased to make  your acquaintance, Mr. Steelgrave. This is my chauffer  Dieter Hausk and my secretary, Raya Montenegro. - Nice to meet  you, why don't you sit right here and make yourself comfortable? Well, why don't  you gentlemen keep your jackets buttoned  and your hands at your sides? Okay, let's lay it out here. According to  Winfield's assistants, whom we are currently detaining, Winfield says that he was producing these guns for you at the rate  of 3000 per week. You've asked for deliver of over 10 thousand in the next month. At roughly 200 dollars per,  that's two million dollars. You need a way to  export it, we got it. We're thinking of an export and handling fee, and 10 percent of the retail. - Mr. Steelgrave, do you know what these are? - May I? Norman Winfield  created the greatest single hand weapon to date, capable of firing over 20 rounds per  second, it is also a compact rocket launcher. [clunk] - Yeah, and I got a toaster  that makes popcorn, so what? - Any number of men  armed with a WAR-15 is increased in  strength tenfold. Any tiny nation, even a  small band of guerrillas, totalling only 100  can now be equipped into a thousand men. And when Winfield tried to sell this weapon to your government,  they turned him down, so he came to me. I bought Mr. Winfield and this sort of weapon, I paid much. I built the factory that manufactures them. These are mine, why  should I pay you to get back that which I own? - Because we have them. And in my neighborhood,  possession is nine-tenths of the law. The other 10, we  don't care about. - I did not come  here to be extorted. - I didn't come here to play bocce ball either. Now you're the one  who had the nerve to come into my area, my dock. You're conducting criminal  business on my property, and I can't take the heat, so where do you  come off, mister? - Sonny's right, we don't  do this for our health. You came to our turf to do illegal business, you should have came to see us, so we get our taste. - I did, I gave Winfield 100  thousand dollars American, to be paid in full for the export of my weapons from your pier. - Well, I run everything,  it goes through Greco Marine enterprise, Winfield never contacted anyone. - I gave the money to  Winfield personally. [suspenseful music] - We have a situation  here to work out. We didn't get paid  for our services, but we have your guns. - I think I hear  something next door. - Check it out. - Where's he going? - Downstairs to get  a pack of smokes. - [Sonny] Look pal, it's not up for discussion. You think you can come down here and pull my nose? [suspenseful music] You're operating a gun hustle, you didn't tell my boys. - [Sykes] Perhaps  it would be wise to think before you  speak, Mr. Steelgrave. I'm not a man who enjoys being threatened. [crash] - Don't try it. [gun shots] [suspenseful music] [gun shots] [gun shots] [guns shots] [tires screech] [eerie music] - Sonny, Sonny? [coughs] [somber music] [ominous music] - Somebody coming,  let's be alert. - Excuse me, is it possible for someone to help me? My tire is flat. [gun shots] - All right, Dieter. I want all crates with Sendrakes International shipping labels loaded  aboard, I want to on the way within the hour, Captain. Come. - How is he? How is he? - Stable, Doc says. Doesn't look to good right now. Best shot he's got  he has is if he comes around tonight. - So I ran into  Angela downstairs, she said Sykes's  men hit the dock, took the ship and  the load of guns. - Perfect little operation, huh? - Only screw up is,  the didn't get me. - Yeah, me too. - I don't think it  was any mistake. - Hey, what is it with you, we were both right  in the middle of it. - You were right in the middle of what pal, you were right next door,  checking out termites. - I don't gotta explain nothing to you. - It's not me you gotta worry about, wiseguy. - Tracy. Tracy, I'm sorry  about your father. - Were you there? - Does it matter? - Nobody does anything without  checking with me first. [phone rings] - Mike Terranova, what's up. - Agent four,  five, eight, seven. Day code style section, ident procedure is dogs groom, palladium, - Hey, how's my favorite nephew? Are you calling  from your new job? - Negative, I'm on a payphone. - Access clear. - I may be going to the funhouse, I'm gonna need a trapdoor. - [Lifeguard] Go. - Greco, Anthony, I found out he banks at Federated Bank,  Pittsburgh Avenue branch, I'd like him to come  into some money, a little under a hundred grand. - What kind of trail  are we leaving when we make the deposit? - A really striking Latino girl, dark hair, long legs,  a real head-turner, and as soon as you  can, maybe take him on a tour of our  better facilities. And drop him down a rabbit hole, he's beginning to breathe on me. - In motion, day  code remain active? - Oka, Uncle Mike. - Who were you talking to? - That was my bookie. - Bookie? Make sure you don't make any plane reservations, I'm sure Sonny  will wanna see you. - Is he awake? - He'll call you  when he wants you. In the meantime, Rico here will make sure you  don't trip and fall onto a Greyhound bus. - All right. - [Sonny] How's Rita and Tracy? - Julia and Carmilla  are with her. My sister's coming up  tonight, and they're okay, you just get better. You let me and Carmine  handle everything for a while, hmm? - I really appreciate  you flying up here, Nick, taking care of the  funeral arrangements. - Come on, will you? Everything is okay. - Nothing is okay. Not until I take  care of this Sykes and his flamenco dancer. [coughs] I want out of here,  are you gonna get me out of here, or what? - Your doctor says you're  all ripped up inside. - I'm not gonna go  jitterbugging, Nick. Now just get me out, okay? Get the damn ambulance  and a stretcher. - Okay, okay, we'll  get you out of here. Carmine, go and  find a doc, okay? Sonny, you're okay? - I'm fine, where's Vinnie? Outside, Tony and Rico  have been keeping him warm. Get him in here. - Vinnie. - Hey, Sonny, how you feeling? - Dave is dead, my  brother is dead. What happened, Vinnie? What the hell happened? - I was in there  with the rest of you. - You were nowhere. In fact, you were  out in left field when the whole  shebang went down. That chick, did she send you a signal, Vinnie? - No, Tony told me  to go next door, see who was in the next room. - You said you heard something, there was nobody next door. - What are you kidding me, are you tell me I  was part of a setup? - Do I look like I'm kidding you? I'm lying here full of grief, sucking wind through bullet wounds. [coughs] You think I'm fooling around? - No. - This whole thing  went lousy from the first day I met you. Sykes, with these  guns on my pier, how easily you located him to set up that meet. - I explained how  I did that, Sonny. Just took some  legwork and some luck. - Luck? Dave is dead. - I'll bet you Dave  smelled you out Terranova, maybe you knew he was on to you and set  this up, is that it? - You better talk to me, Vinnie. - Sonny, this whole  thing with Sykes has been going down long before I showed up. What about Sykes saying he paid somebody off? - That was crap. - I don't think so,  Sykes is player, he knows the rules. I think he paid the 100 grand, just like he said. And if he did, that  means there's a hundred grand floating  around someplace. Somebody took that money without telling, Sonny, and it wasn't me,  'cause I was still in the Jersey tombs. Whoever Sykes paid figured they could just socket the money without telling you or Dave. Now if I was  looking for a heavy, I'd look at the guy  that set up the deal with Winfield, and  that was you, Greco, it was your pier,  it was your deal. You had to kill  Winfield, because he gave you the cash. That's what got the  whole thing rolling the wrong way. - You shut your mouth, scum. - He, why don't we  check your bank? See if you got a hunk  of change in there, maybe around like  a hundred grand? - You're history,  punk, you're history! - Don't touch him. - Oh, you're dead. [coughs] - We'll call the bank,  we'll settle this. [ominous music] Rico, check it out. - Check it out? Sonny, I've been with  you for 20 years, 20 years. All right, do what you want. But I ain't gonna  stand here while you check me out. - I can get Sykes for you. - What are you talking about? He's 10 hours  across the Atlantic. He killed Dave, and he's gone. Yeah, but after  the ambush I called down at the pier,  I told the guys to remove the guns from the crates in the warehouse. These guys are  floating at sea with a box full of rocks, Sonny. - He didn't check  the guns before he put them aboard? - Yeah, I know  that, that's why I put a full box of guns  on top of each stack. You don't believe  me, call Sammy down at the pier, you'll find out. - I don't know  about you, Vinnie. You move fast, maybe too fast. We'll see. Get that mezzo  mutt on the phone, call him ship to shore. I wanna lead this  one on personally. Give me it. - One hundred  grand was deposited in Tony's account. And get this, Sonny, a good-looking  Spanish broad put it in there for him. [suspenseful music] [clunk] [slam] - Don't bother, Dieter. I am turning back, and  I accept your terms. I will trade you the killer of your brother, my secretary, for the guns. But how can I trust you? - There are always  risks in business, your guns will be  at warehouse three. - Do not fear, cariñosa. I will not play his  game, I do not trust him. He will try and hit us. [suspenseful music] - Agent four,  five, eight, seven, day code, style section, beach, date, flowers. - [Lifeguard] How  you doing, Vinnie? - Okay, Sonny's alive, get some federal units out to the pier, it's gonna go down fast, and notify McPike and the Jersey cops. [crash] - You pig, I smelled you from day one, and I was right. Sonny should have  listened to Dave, he could have picked out a cop, blindfolded. - The way he did  Stan Dermot, huh? - You should have  seen that fat slob, bleeding and puking  after Dave gave him the old badda-bing  in the head. Now I'm gonna do it to you. You're going across the river. - Yeah? Well I figure you're gonna come over with me. Sonny already knows you took  the payoff from Winfield. - Sonny's not gonna  believe a cop over me. - You just don't wanna see the picture, do you? Sonny already knows. They went down to your  bank and found out about the 100 G's  deposited there. Nice try, but I don't  have a hundred G's in the bank, I'm not stupid  enough to put it there. - Yeah, I know,  that's why I made the deposit for you. Sonny's men are  all over this burg looking for you, and  it's not give you a raise, genius. - You're bluffing,  you're bluffing. - I just came from the hospital. You may as well  stick that blaster in your ear and save yourself the drive home. It's gonna be a lot  quicker and easier than Sonny's gonna make it. [sirens wailing] [thudding] [gun fires] [thudding] [gun shots] [thudding] - Vinnie! Are you all right? - Yeah, the Lifeguard  traced the call. Dave Steelgrave killed Stan. Tony here was the accomplice,  maybe the wheel man. You can close that one out. - I don't know any  Stan, and after I talk to Sonny, you're history. - Your best bet is  to cooperate, Tony. Maybe these guys will  take pity on you, and put you in the  witness program. - They can jam the  witness program, there's no way I'd  ever talk to you pigs. - Oh, good, have it your own way. But you better look  around when you stick your head out of the hole, Sonny will be waiting  to take it off and send it home in a hat box. - Oh don't you worry, Vinnie. He won't pop up while  you're still under; I'll make sure of that. Get him out. [somber music] - Something wrong? - Yeah, this guy happens to be fond of ambushes. I already saw one  of his maneuvers up close, I don't  feel like a rematch. - He comes in here, we tank him, don't worry about  him, leave it to me and my guys. [ominous music] - Hey Vinnie, what  is that, the cops? - Nah, I don't  think it's the cops. [hissing] [explosion] [suspenseful music] [gun shots] [gun shots] [gun shots] [hissing]  [explosion] [gun shots] [explosion] [gun shots] [ominous music] [sirens blaring] [gun shots] [explosion] [gun shots] [blast]  [hissing] [explosion] - Thank you gentleman,  federal matter. - Sometimes I can't get enough of you, Frank. - Yeah, we'll see if you still love me after I bust you. [somber music] - I heard you were  leaving tonight. - I'm gonna take my mother out to California and  get her away from all this publicity. We both have a lot of  crying and thinking to do. Go spend some time with your mother, Vinnie. Don't let her go  without finding out who she is. Don't wanna make the  same mistake I did. - Make sure Nick takes care of Rita and Tracy, I want everything done first class, naturally. - Sonny. - Thanks for coming. - How you feeling? - I'm okay. Arm's still a little stiff, but it's still gonna  take some time. - Yeah, get that old  left hook back, huh? - Marvin Ketchel's  gonna defend you, he's real good at it. Says he can get you off. - I really appreciate  this, Sonny. - We'll see. Rico says you handled  your end pretty good at the pier. But I keep losing good  men with you, Vinnie. - Sonny, we were gonna go down, one way or the other. Somebody called those  feds beforehand, Tony maybe? - Well, well. No one told me  they took the tubes out of you yet, Sonny. I would have sent  you a big basket of fruit, but I figured I'd wait and see if you died, put the money into a nice wreath. - You know what the trouble  with you is, frisbee? You don't know when  your luck has run out. Now why don't you give me a break and back off, I'm in mourning. - Oh yeah, your  greaseball brother ate the big one down at  the Blue Angel, right? Tony Greco's been telling us all about it. You'll be hearing from us. Oh, and my condolences. - So it's the feds  who picked up Tony. - The feds didn't pick him up, he probably ran  to them for cover. - What can I do for you, Sonny? - Get in. I wanna trust you, Vinnie. You're one of the best I've ever come across. Dave had his doubts,  maybe I do too. So you and me, we're  gonna make a pact. - I'm with you, Sonny. - That Fed, Hawthorne. I wanna do him. We're gonna do him  together, you and me. Tonight. We'll do him for Dave. [ominous music] - You sure he's alone? - His wife and kids  are at the movies. Vinnie. You pull the trigger,  kill this Fed for me? I'll trust you forever. [sighs] [knocks] - What the hell are you-- [gun blasts]  [crash] - There's a warning you can't walk away from, dog meat. [tires screech] - [Frank] Okay,  okay, you're dead, you convinced me. - Geez. Oh man, my wife's  gonna have my tail for busting that  mirror like that. - Well, you're moving anyways. - He now, you promised  me someplace warm. - As long as you're  out of sight. That oughta set his  cover real good. Let's see what he brings us. - [Vinnie] Want me  to drive, Sonny? - Yeah, for the last time. You're through being  a driver, Vinnie. You're taking over  Greco's action. You're moving up. [triumphant music] [upbeat triumphant  instrumental music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 