Wiseguy: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Wiseguy 
 s1e3 - The Loose Cannon - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Wiseguy (1987–2009): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Loose Cannon - full transcript 
 A psychopathic murderer posing as Sonny's nephew double-crosses Sonny and holds Vinnie's girlfriend Gina hostage. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [dramatic music] - Mr. Patrice, we've  got major problems. - Perhaps I should  send some accountants. - Hey, Pat! You already sent  me an accountant! - Perhaps you should  calm yourself, Salvatore. - You're lucky to get the 5%. - Do it today, or Patrice'll have to send some people to do it for you. - I Paisley Art Death Stalker. I walk on the air! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Pull everybody  off the street now! Numbers guys, bag  men, we got a rumble! Everybody! [upbeat music] [gentle music] - It's not even complicated. Demont is working our territory, and the deal we have with  him is substandard, yes. 5%. The next thing you know, we're getting complaints from partners who  are stepping up for the whole 15%. Now, what should we  tell them, Sonny? Should we say we're doing  it because he's tougher 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 than we are, yes? [pen slams]  - No, Sid. That's not what we tell them. What we tell them is to mind their own business. Otherwise, we're gonna  start crackin' heads. You don't know what  we go through down there with Cecil Demont! It's like doin'  business on the moon! - Patrice wants  you to try harder. Now, he's talked to me about it, and I said I'd clean it up. - You do that from your phone  booth at the athletic club? [hand knocking] - Excuse me, sir, but Lorenzo's clothes just got here. They came by air freight. What do you want  me to do with them? - Leave it here, sweetheart. I haven't figured out  where to park the kid yet. - Do it today, or Patrice'll have to send some people to do it for you. [tense music] [light music] - Oh, look at this. I gotta drop Pete. - [Man] Come on, get up there. - Oh, dem bums! [laughing] - You're goin' down. - Ah, you couldn't hit  the ground with both feet. - Finally get a chance  to give you a bath. - Uh oh.  - Give me some room. - Okay, come on, kids, he can't do this to me. [crowd cheering] I'll get back at you for this. - Oh yeah, what are you  gonna do, Pete, tell Mom? - Ah, tell Mom! [laughing] - It's hard to believe  you two are brothers. - Yeah, I admit it is  kinda hard to believe with Pete losin' his  hair and his physique and everything and me  holdin' up so well. - What holdin' up well? - [Man] Okay, who's the next thrower up there? Come on, eh! - You and your brother are  very close, aren't you? - Yeah, we're close. He used to hear my secrets. Now he hears my confessions. That's pretty much  the same thing. - Can I ask you a question? - Sure. - Why do you work  over at that hotel? - It's a job, you know. Pays pretty good. Beats pushin' a hack  or busing tables. - My mom showed me this  article about Mr. Steelgrave, they said that he's like some  underworld boss and that... Look, Vinnie, it's been a long time for me, you know, after Alex. I just can't make  that mistake with you. I just can't. - Gina, Mr. Steelgrave  owns a hotel. I work at the hotel. I do dumb stuff. I do stuff like check  how much lettuce there is on Cobb salad day, how much veal on veal  piccata day, stuff like that. I'm like in charge of some  of the vendors, that's all. All right? - All right. - Good, now eat. Yeah, it was great all  the fathers gettin' in the dunk like that, huh? - Yes, Monseigneur  Vintelli had a hard night thinking on that  before he said yes. [laughing] Vinnie, you kinda like  Gina Augustina, huh? - Yes, Father Terranova, I  kinda like Gina Augustina. - She told me you were  taking her out again tonight. Don't make a mistake, Vinnie. Not with her, okay? - Pete, I really like her. I'm not gonna hurt her. - She's kinda like  walking wounded. After Alex, she spent most of  her time just staying home. Finally, she  started coming here. It's been two years getting  her to where she is! - Come on, Pete. - I'm just telling you, okay? She's been hurt. She's very special. And you're packing more than  your share of backstory. So don't make a mistake, okay? - Okay, see ya later. [Vinnie sniffing] Pshew. What the hell is in here? It smells like dog shampoo. - [chuckles] That's  Lorenzo's stuff. I had the boys bring  it up to your place till I figure out  where to part the kid. - I got an extra bedroom. You can put him in  here if you want. - You don't mind? - Nah. - It's only for  the summer, Vinnie. - Sonny, come on, you  didn't tote this thing up here just to let it perfume my living room. - Okay, you got me. I was hoping you'd be generous. As usual, you didn't  disappoint me. [sniffs] Ooh, there's  gotta be a bottle of broken cologne in here. You know how these  gindaloons are from Sicily. They bathe in this  junk. [laughs] Oh boy, I haven't seen  Lorenzo since he was five maybe six years old. I was his big, tough  16-year-old uncle. Kid cried when his old man  got deported back to Palermo. [laughs] He was Yankee fan! - Yeah? - Yeah, and he liked  the Flintstones. He was an all-American boy. He gets in at 5:30. Thought maybe you'd want  to come down there with me. We pick him up, we'll  take him out to dinner after the Cecil Demont thing. - Uh, I can't, Sonny. I got a thing on tonight. - [Sonny] Gina Augustina, right? We'll take her with. - Oh, Sonny, she's  a neighborhood girl. - Hey, Vinnie, is it me? - No, Sonny, it's not you. - 'Cause I'll be nice. I'll be Uncle Sonny. There'll be no wise talk. Everything'll be nice. - Lemme think about it, okay? So what time is this  Cecil Demont thing? - 4:30. - [Vinnie] It's a  mistake, you know. - Mm, I know. We're meeting him in a rib  joint called Back Street. We're not lookin'  for nothin' but talk, but I want you to  watch my back, Vinnie. Okay? This guy's got heavy muscle, and they're all not wrapped too  tight in the head. I don't know what  Demont feeds them, but it's causing brain damage. - I'll be right there  with you, Sonny. - If these moulinyans so  much as shift their weight, I want you to start pumpin'. You go for Demont first. - You got it, Sonny. [upbeat music] - They come this  way, two machines. - Hey, there's a bean  shop over on the left. - [Sonny] Let's go around. I want to cruise the whole block. - All right now, this is Jackson on the inside. They're going around. You all stay alert. - [Man On Walkie Talkie]  We be ready, Mr. Jackson. - We gonna be  seein' a lot of cops around here once  we open up, Cecil. - Yeah, I know that's a fact. Cops'd love to see Mr.  Steelgrave lyin' face down with his eyes  lookin' up starin' at the inside of his pointy head. You know, they're probably  gonna give us a party. Gonna make it Cecil  Demont day! [laughs] - Hmm, there's  nobody on the streets but nowhere to park  except over there. I don't know, Sonny,  I don't like it. - Stay alert you guys. - [Vinnie] Sonny, it's a setup! There's guys in the car! [guns firing] - Damn. You tell Molin Hart that we  at war with them gunnies. It's startin' now! Ain't no stoppin'! - This gonna be bad  for business, Cecil! - I am the Paisley  Art Death Stalker. I walk on the air! All who see me cry in wonder. - Get on the phone! You tell Carl and Joey  I want them to pull everybody off the street now! Numbers guys, bag  men, we got a rummble! Everybody! [birds squwaking] [tense music] [phone rings] - Hold on a minute. It's Patrice on the line. - You guys wanna excuse me? This a clean line? - It's always best to  be careful, Salvatore. - I'm callin' to  tell you we've got major problems with the  coconut salesman in Ducktown. - Perhaps I should  send some accountants. They look at the ledgers maybe find what's wrong. - Hey, Pat! You already sent  me an accountant! He's mowing my carpets. He keeps it up, and I'm  gonna send them back to ya dressed for church! - Perhaps you should  calm yourself, Salvatore. - Yeah, I'm workin' on that. In the meantime, you tell  Sid his Eisenhower days ended this afternoon in front of a rib joint in Ducktown! - I wouldn't keep  the sales force off the streets for too long. A lot of our  partners will squirm. We're very profit-oriented. - Yeah, right. Nice talkin' to you too. He's pushin' in on me. The cat's claws are  startin' to show. That's gotta be him. Hey, Lorenzo, it's Uncle Sonny! Hey, Lorenzo, it's Uncle Sonny. Hey, kid, what's the matter? Don't you remember 16  Yankee games in one summer? Boom. - Yeah. It's good seein'  you, Uncle Sonny. - Hey, come on. All right, all right. How 'bout this kid, huh? 15 years in Sicily, and he talks like one of us. - It's not Tibet. We get American televison. - Yeah, yeah, yeah, right, The Flintstones. Yabba Dabba Do! - Yeah. Let's get outta here. - Maybe he'll grow on us. - You guys come down here  and pick me up in these cars? - Hey, kid? Hey, kid? Come here, come here. Maybe you should  ease up some, huh? - Yeah. Yeah. You're right, Uncle Sonny. You got it. - Okay. I got a restaurant I thought  I'd take you for dinner. We're all gonna go. I'll introduce you  on the way, huh? - Who are these guys? - We're having  some problems, kid. Nothing we can't solve. So for a while, we're gonna travel in groups. - That sounds like fun. This is a nice  place, Uncle Sonny. - [Sonny] You like it, huh? - I like it.  - All right. We're gonna have a good time. - I like it a lot. - Hey, who's this? - I figured what the hell? - Sonny, I told ya, she's  a neighborhood girl. - I told her you  wanted to take her out to dinner, man. I sent her flowers. I got a car for her. Vinnie, what's the problem? - The problem is she's  not right for this. The problem is we  got Cecil roamin' around lookin' to wreck us. Not for nothing,  Sonny, but the problem is you didn't tell me. - Cecil's not gonna  find us over here on the New York side. You got somethin' you  want to say to me, Vinnie? You want to take Gina and  go, the car's outside. Your call, pal. - All right, I'm sorry. I'm still workin' off the adrenaline from this afternoon. I'm a little edgy. - Yeah, ain't we all? Huh? See that, as promised, I deliver to this table one Vinnie Terranova. - Thank you, sir. - Anytime. Al right, let's see here. This, this good-lookin' kid, this is my nephew from Sicily, Lorenzo. Lorenzo, this is Heidi Kesselman. She works in the  accounting office down at the casino, so  don't bruise her hand or her mind, for that  matter, because it could cost us money. Hi, baby. And this is Chris  Demitri, Lorenzo. - Hello, Chris. - You know Vinnie. - Vinnie.  - And this is Gina Augustina from the neighborhood, right? - Right. - Hello. - That's Vinnie's steady girl. All right, Gus, come on, do  the right thing over here. Don't make me look bad. Take care of us. What's everybody drinking cocktails for? We'll get some champagne. So listen, you guys  gotta try the calamari here and the clams. The clams sweat they're so good. Heidi, you look  great tonight, huh? - [Heidi] Thank you, you  don't look so bad yourself. - Remind me to give you a raise. - [Heidi] Okay. [laughing] - So what do you  say we take a cab on this deal, we find a  place, and we go dancing. - Hey, Lorenzo. I brought Heidi over  here to be your date. Gina's with Vinnie. - So Vinnie takes Heidi, and I go with Gina. - Lorenzo, you don't get it. Gina's with me. - No, she's with whoever she says she's with. I take what I want. I'm here, and I want her. - You know maybe you  didn't notice this, but this is a restaurant,  not a stud farm. Now, I'm tryin'  to be nice to you, because you're Sonny's  nephew, but you're makin' it very difficult. - Vinnie, take me home, please. - [Sonny] I'll take you home. Lorenzo, you can go to the  hotel with Don and Larry. Come on, girls. - I guess it's gonna be you and me after all. - I got an early day tomorrow. Maybe we should call it a night. - Wait out here for me for a second, all right? We'll get the car. I want to talk to Sonny, okay? Mario, stay with the girls  for a minute, all right? Sonny, you got a minute? - Yeah. I used to take this  kid to ballgames. I don't get this one, Vinnie. - What are you completely nuts? Uh! Ugh! - Hey, come on, oh! Who the hell are you? - I'm your nephew from  Sicily, Uncle Sonny, and I've come to learn  the business. [laughs] [dramatic music] - You all right? - Yeah. I don't know, Sonny. He's not growin' on me. What about you? - You okay? You want Tommy and Larry to take Gina home? - No, I'm all right. I'm fine. - Listen, Vinnie. I'm sorry about Lorenzo. I'm gonna call Dom in  Sicily, and I'm gonna find out what happened. I mean, maybe this kid turned into a fruitcake since I knew him. Maybe Dom sent him here to get rid of him. I don't know. But it don't figure-- - Sonny, I'm gonna let it  go because he's your nephew, but I want you to tell  him to never stand behind me, just stay  where I can see him and to keep his hands in his pockets, all right? - You got it. - And under the  circumstances, maybe it's not such a good idea that we share my place. We might kill each  other over who gets to use the shower  in the morning. - I'll take care of it. - Thank you. - [Sonny] Let's do it. - Are you sure you're okay? - Oh yeah, I'm fine. It takes more than  an antenna-wielding maniac to put Vinnie Terranova on the bench, especially when he's  out with somebody as pretty as Gina Augustina. [gentle music] - I'm finally somewhere, Vinnie. I don't know where,  but it's not where I was two weeks  before I met you, and it sure is a lot better  than where it used to be. - Gina, I'm trying to  tell you something, and you're not listening to me. I've got a history. I'm mixed up in things. I've been in jail. That's not the  kinda life for you. - Just answer me one question. - What? - Do you care about me? - You know I do. That's why I'm telling you this. - That's all I need for tonight. - [sighs] I think I  better get outta here. Why don't you come  sit in the car with me for a minute, okay? - I know you got that  for the ride home, but can I have a sip? - Oh sure. One lukewarm coffee, comin' up. Here. What's the matter? - Oh, Alex used to  throw plastic lids like that without looking. Said it was all in the wrist. Said it came from  years on the job, sitting in parked cars  till three in the morning. He said that they all used to do it that way. - Yeah, with me, it's  just a lucky shot. I'm just showin' off. Here, take a sip  before it gets cold. [sighs] Gina, what am  I gonna do with you? I know it's not right, but  I do want to see you again. - [laughs] Maybe  we should ask Pete. - Maybe we will. Come here. [gentle music] Agent 4587 style section,  date, presence, beautiful. - How you doin', paleface? - Not so good. We're into it with Demont. You better tell McPike I need to set up a meet. Tell him to meet me  in the vacant garage on Hightower in an hour. - You got it, Vinnie. [tense music] - Well, him is having  a very busy day. Skirmish in Ducktown, dinner with the chowder and violin society and now a late date with me. - Didn't you get me any coffee? - What do you want? I hate meetings after midnight in cold garages with guys I'm not partial to. - Here, take this and throw this on the dash. - What? - Yeah, go ahead, just  do it like you always do, without even thinkin' about it. - Is there a prize? - Would you just do it? Well, I'll be damned. That's one they missed. - What are you talkin' about? - Cops. We sit around for hours doin' surveillance. I guess we all flip  our coffee lids up on the dash like that. You better tell the  guys at Quantico to put that in the  training program. I almost got busted  doin' that tonight. - You know, you're right. Every cop or fed I've ever known sort of does it the same way. - Yeah. You know, we got big  problems with Cecil Demont. - Cecil the Diesel. The man's been traveling around on a bent axle for over 10 years. Maybe Sonny'll finally do  us a favor and tip him over. - Listen, what I want you to do is check with the State Department and maybe the Italian police. I want you to find  out about a guy named Lorenzo Steelgrave. He's Sonny's nephew. He's a U.S. citizen. He was born here. He's lived here for  six years before he moved back to Palermo when his  father Dominic got deported. - You want to tell me why? - He's the king of the  bent axle division. This guy is a real  loose cannon, Frank. He just showed up  this afternoon, already he's makin'  people stand back. - Okay. Anything else? - No, that's it. - All right then, I've  got something for you. I want you to stay away  from the blue-eyed princess. She's a civilian  and there are good reasons why it'll  never work out. Okay? - Oh, this is great. - Her old man,  Alex Augustina was a wrong number before he died. - What do you mean  a wrong number? He was a cop in Brooklyn. He had emotional problems,  and he killed himself. - Not so. He went sour. The reason he was  chewin' on his gun barrel in the back of the closet  was because the department was gonna indict him. Internal affairs had him cold. He was on the pad. - Did she know that? - All I know is, the  department threw a blanket over it after he killed himself. There's nothing to  be gained by dragging a dead cop's reputation through the mud. Whether he told his wife  of not is anybody's guess. - And it's better  for a cop to go EOW than to just go bad, right? - Hey, that is life. Alex is end of watch,  and you are hustling a lady who's played  this scene before. I personally don't  care what you do, as long as you don't end up a bent axle yourself, because then my favorite fed, Frank McPike, would develop a problem. And that I would hate. - Yeah, well, I'll  keep it in mind. Listen, I may be  making a cash run up to Boston in the  next couple of days. I'll let you know. But I don't think  we should bust it, 'cause it'll focus too  much heat on me, okay? - All right. Call the Lifeguard  when it happens. I want him to log it. [tense music] - Hey, Vinnie! How you doin'? You're not still sore  about last night, are ya? - Yeah, I'm still  sore about last night. Did Sonny talk to you? - Yeah. He said to give  you lots of room, but I do things my own way. And I figure since  I'm a Steelgrave and you're some unmade  guy from nowhere, it's in your best interest  to settle out with me. You do things for me,  I take care of you. - Listen, I think  you're a dangerous guy with a bad short somewhere. I want you to stay away from me. Otherwise, I'm gonna  give you somethin' you're not gonna forget for a long time. You got that? - Yeah. I got that.  - Good. - No wonder Demont  kicked your butt. Such an invitin' target. - How you doin', Mr. Royce? - How am I doing? A good question. A better question is  what are we doing? - This guy is not  long for the planet. - Sonny, you got a bigger problem lounging around out there  in pointed toed shoes. I don't want to add  to your troubles, but your nephew just  tried to recruit me. - What? - Yeah, right out there in the outer office. Come work for me, I take  care of you he says to me. - What do I do, Vinnie? This kid's family. - I don't know, but you better flag him off before he hits the wall. I'm tellin' ya. - Pass these around, shots  of Cecil and Jackson Jackson and the other guy's  that work for him. I want our guys to recognize  their people on sight. - All right, Sonny. [upbeat music] [footsteps approaching] - Hey, Jackson. You're number two idiot down here, right? Well, I'm Lorenzo Steelgrave, and I got a proposition for you. In the next three  minutes, you're either gonna get very  rich or very dead. - Man, you crazy  comin' down here. - Here's the deal. You can beat the  Steelgraves, especially if they're bringing Mr. Patrice  from across the river. But I think I can  change all that. You and I negotiate a peace. I put you in charge of  all the Rastafarians. Mr. Demont gracefully retires, and we all live  happily ever after. - So what's the catch? - You pay me not 5% of  your operation but 15. I go back and tell Sonny you're gonna play ball, and he calls off the war. - Why would I do that? - 'Cause I'm gonna  show you how to steal all the money you  need from Sonny. And I'm gonna start  with the cash run he's makin' tomorrow. I'm gonna give you the route  and the license plates. You hit the cars  and take the cash. You give me 15% off the top and another 15% of everything you  got goin' down here, and you're still  ahead of the game because it's all Sonny's money. - And Cecil, he just gonna go for that, huh? - Oh, why don't we call  him back here and ask him? Go on, ask him. - Hey, Cecil. Cecil, come out  here for a moment. There's a phone call for ya. It's important, man. - Jackson here wants to  take over your operation. You got a problem with that? - You dead, mister. [gun fires]  - Ugh! - I think he had that  backwards, didn't he, Jackson? But it's no problem, 'cause  he just gracefully retired. Now, we'll see if you  got the management skills to run this  balloon factory. [gentle music] - Did you ever want to  just sail straight out as far as you could till  you found your own island where nothing was spoiled? Where there was just  a sea to feed you and a sun to keep you warm, and everything was exactly  the way it seemed to be? Can I trust you, Vinnie? Can you trust me? Do we love each other enough  to tell the absolute truth? - Sometimes the  truth is painful. The truth doesn't always set you free, Gina. Sometimes it can break you. - There's a lie  between us, Vinnie. Don't ask me how I  know, but it's there. I can feel it. - Gina, I told you what I was. I told you I was wrong for you, that I had a past  and a jail record. - No, this is something  that you haven't told me. It's that thing  that makes you look away when we talk  about our future. It's the pain in your eyes  when we want each other. Last week, we were looking  in that parking garage downtown, and we  saw that blue Datsun that looked just like mine,  and I said there it is. And you said, "No, your  license number is YKW 985." - Yeah, so what. - Yeah, well, Alex  was good at that too. He could remember  license plates. I mean, one look and  gee, he'd have it. And that thing with  the coffee lid. Just like Alex. Rubber-soled shoes, that's  all Alex ever used to wear, rubber-soled shoes. It didn't matter what they were, as long as they  had rubber soles. You wear rubber-soled shoes. - So I guess Alex and  I had a lot in common. - Cops wear rubber-soled shoes in case they get into some action. Cops remember license plates. They throw their coffee lids on the dash. Cops, Vinnie. I lived with one for 10 years. I watched him look in  the rear view mirror 50 times on his way across  town, just like you. Cops. Don't ask me how I  know, but I know. I can feel it. I love you, I do, and, in a way, I wish you were who you said you were, a crook. Somehow, that would  just make it better. I just don't know if  I could take it again. I just don't know  if I could make it. - Hey, Gina, it's a lot  more complicated than that. - Now, just look in my eyes  and tell me it isn't so. - I'm sorry, Gina. I was tryin' to  have it both ways. - Damn you. - Goodbye, Gina. Don't hate me. Remember that I  tried to walk away. I do love you, and  I won't forget you. [tense music] - The car's across town at Dooley's Garage. The dough is in it. You up to this? You look funny. - Nah, I'm fine. What time am I  supposed to get there? - You get to Boston at 9 a.m. It's 3:50. You leave here in 20 minutes. You roll in there as soon  as the banks open up. Little Moe and Joey the Bat'll meet you outside. You give 'em the keys to the car, and you take a cab  to the airport. - Okay, let's go. [Rastafarian music] [tires squealing] - He be comin'  your way now, mon. Pull the truck across. [tires squealing] [tires squealing] [guns firing] [tires squealing] - The Lifeguard  told me you lost it. How much was aboard? - Over 100 grand. - I'm pullin' you out. Steelgrave's got to  figure you for this heist. - Oh now wait a minute, Frank. Let's think this out. I am not the only guy  that knew about this run. There was a half a dozen guys in the garage, including Lorenzo. - Well, that's another  flash bulletin. Your nutcake is not  Lorenzo Steelgrave. Lorenzo Steelgrave got  sent to harp class. They found his body in  the surf off the coast of Sicily last night. - So who the hell is he? - They don't know for sure. Maybe a guy named  Tony Sanmartano, and, if it is, you  guys got more trouble than you bargained for. - Why? - Tony Sanmartano's half American half Italian. He was a bandit in the hills  of Sicily for five years, where he killed  people without motive. Even the guys in the mafia  in Sicily were afraid of him. He was judged legally insane and incarcerated in a  mental hospital in Cefalu. Three weeks ago, he  went over the wall. They think maybe he was a  stowaway on that freighter, pitched Lorenzo and took his ID. - I wonder if Sonny knows. - I don't know, but, if he hasn't heard yet, you can't tell him. He'll wonder how you found out. It's gotta come from Dom. - Yeah, but you gotta  leave me in, Frank. You gotta let me play it out. We got enough on Sonny, but now we got a shot at Patrice and Mahoney. - Man, this thing is  beginning to stagger around. I'm responsible for you. We got too many loose ends here. - I tell you what,  Frank, I'll call the Lifeguard every two hours. I miss one call,  you come and get me. Now, I think Sonny'll  cover me on this. Now, come on, how 'bout it? Huh? - Okay. - Thanks. You know, I got  one other question. - Mm? - Is that your pajama top? - Yeah, that's my pajama top. The lines begin to blur  when I work with you, kiddo. - You were down there all alone, you blow away Cecil,  and you collect while his friends  are just standin' around pickin' lint  out of their ears? - Yeah. - You collect the  15%, you just hand it over to me just like that? - There are conditions. You see, I figure without  me, you wouldn't have money stacked up on  your table there. You'd have bodies. I control Demont's guys now. And I'm thinking 15% might be a little stiff. After all, I did all the work. - What are you doin'? Are you tryin' to cut yourself  in for a piece of this? - All I'm saying  is think it over. You had 5%. I'm willing to give you 7 1/2. You're ahead 2 1/2%  percent, the war is over, and I'll go down and  handle the management down there so you  don't have to go down and hassle with the brothers. - Go on. - Or I start bringing  the Jamaican brothers across into Atlantic City. We parade up and  down the boulevard. We make the tourists  do the funky chicken. We heard business up here. - You know what, Lorenzo? [tense music] You got no deal. You got nothing. As a matter of fact, you don't  have a place here any more. You got that? Come on, bring your  Jamaican buddies down here. I'll wipe the streets with them. You got that? Now, you get the hell outta here! You collect your stuff, and you get out! [Sid gasps] - The pin is out,  and, once I drop it, we're all history. 'Cause where I come from, death is just another currency. I think you're soft. I think you eat  too much good food. I'm leavin'. The money is yours,  a one-time payment. Think it over. I'll be in touch,  but, if you say no, I will show you the  currency of death. [Sid gasps] - You can come up now, Sid. It's a toy. You lost it? You lost the whole 300 grand? - Sonny, I told you,  it was Demont's guys. They hit me 20 miles out of Boston.  - There is no Cecil Demont! Lorenzo killed him. He comes back and  tells us he's cuttin' into our take down there. Then he threatens  us and walks out, leaving 160 grand on the table! He stands in the doorway and throws a toy hand grenade in at us! That was the good part. You should've seen Sid duck. He looked like an extra  in the Sands of Iwo Jima. - Yeah but, Sonny,  don't you get it? There's no way that  he coulda organized those guys unless he had something to give 'em! - What did he have to give 'em? - You told him about the run! He knew about it! He split the take with 'em, you get your own money  back, and now he says from now on he's  part of the deal. - Nobody would do  anything like that unless they were crazy! - Yeah, well, I don't  think we ought to overlook that as a possibility. - How 'bout another  possibility, huh? Vinnie Terranova sittin' in the front seat of a station wagon with 300  grand in the spare tire. He decides to pocket it. He makes up a story  about the Rastafarian then comes down here and  tries to get me to buy it! - Sonny, if you think  that, you better take your piece out right now and shoot me. And if you don't  think it, then shame on ya for sayin' it. - Okay. I had to try it out on ya,  see how you could take it. This Lorenzo, he'd try anything. - Hey, Sally. Where is everybody? - [Sally] Don't know,  Sonny didn't say. - He's probably out  lookin' for Lorenzo. - He's a strange guy, Lorenzo. He comes in here this  morning and wants to take me out right  then at 10 a.m. When I tell him I can't leave, and he says, "Sure  you can leave. "I'm a Steelgrave." Like Sonny's not my boss? - He's a strange guy, all right. - So he says, "Well,  I'll just have to take "somebody else out." Said he's got some girl stashed over in Queens. He's gonna go over to her  place and make her party. - Wait a minute. When was that? - I don't know. It was before he  went in to see Sonny. And then he left. About two hours ago. [ominous music] [phone ringing]  [Gina struggling] - [Gina] No! Ah! Oh! [Gina crying] - Get off her! [Gina screams]  [gun fires] Let her go, Lorenzo! - No way! - Make it just you and  me, just like you wanted! - Forget it! - One of us doesn't  walk away, come on! - Vinnie, go away,  he'll kill you! Go away! - [Lorenzo] Come on! [Gina struggling] [gun fires] - They found Lorenzo  Steelgrave's body washed up on the beach. It's all over now, and  we're gonna find out what happens to you Sanmartano. Let her go! - She dies and then I tell Sonny you're a cop. And when he hears that, you die! - You kill her, I kill you. You let her go, you can still  cop a plea for soft walls. You still got a chance  to become an old man, but you gotta make  your choice right now. Go on, go wait out in the car. I'll be out in a minute. Go on! [tense music] Did she tell you? - I found the letter she was writing to you. But, either way, you're through. Of course, maybe we  could make a trade. You let me go, and I don't  tell Sonny you're a cop. You see, 'cause I don't care if you bust Sonny, 'cause he's nothin' to me. Nobody can stop me, man. Sure, they can send me  back to the hospital, but I'll just run away again. You see, I'm not crazy. I'm just different. I'm smarter and meaner  than all of them. - Stay where you are. I'm gonna have to hurt you. - You don't get it, do you? You see, you bein' a cop just makes it easy. You can't kill me, man. You gotta arrest me. You can't even lay a hand on me. - Don't push me. - I was arrested in Sicily  for killing one man. But I've killed over 20. I killed a man in  a flop house once, 'cause he wouldn't stop snoring. And you can't do  anything about it. I'm gonna walk over  there, and I'm gonna take that gun away from you, and I'm gonna feed it to you. Then I'm gonna go to the car, and I'm gonna get  Gina, and we're gonna have a little encore. Maybe I'll kill her. Yeah, and I'll leave ya both on the front lawn. [laughs] You see, Vinnie, you're not a killer, man. You're just a guy  with an attitude. You can't kill me. You can't pull the  trigger even now. [gun fires] [phone rings] - Yeah? - [Pete] It's me. - How you doin', Pete? - Gina was just here. She said she's gonna  get in touch with you. She said she wants  to take the chance. - I love her, Pete. - I know that. That's why you gotta  do the right thing. Hey, you there? - I'm somewhere. Not where I used to be and not where I'm goin'. Gina said that. She also said there was a place where everybody trusted everybody and  there was not deceit. - Sounds remarkably  like haven to me. - It sure as hell  ain't Atlantic City. - I just thought  you ought to know. - Okay. Thanks. [gentle music] [phone rings] [upbeat music] [fanfare music] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 