Beethoven Virus: Season 1, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beethoven Virus 
 s1e17 - Episode #1.17 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beethoven Virus (2008): Season 1, Episode 17 - Episode #1.17 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 {\an8}-Run! - Hurry! {\an8}Come on! {\an8}-Hurry up! - Hurry! {\an8}-Hurry! - Come on! {\an8}Everyone, this is the shortcut! Come this way! - Hurry! Go this way! - Let's go! The concert is about to end. Yes, I'm about to open the doors. Door! Open the door! Come quickly! Hurry up! Our performance... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You need to watch our concert... It's okay. It's okay. What should we do? It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Try calling that company. You should go. There's Mr. Kang. Mr. Kang. I heard you had your members on standby to fill in our empty spots. Thank you. Thank you, sir. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Thank you so very much. I'm truly thankful, sir! Thank you very much! We were late. Yes, I'm very sorry. If you were to give us another chance... I see. I'm sorry. What did they say? What do I tell everyone? Should I lie? They must be really disappointed. They all left... to perform. - Hurry up. Come over here. - Why are we the only ones here? What's this? I don't know. But they say it's a classical concert. These types of things don't come very often. Don't blame yourself for missing it later, so swing by. It's not for kids. No, kids are welcome. Sit at the front. This is a family-oriented concert. We never got the chance to tour the nation, but we were about to perform at Seokran Art Center just now. We'll be performing for you at no cost. Ex-Seokran Philharmonic orchestra members practiced hard for the past two months. Mouse Philharmonic's most anticipated concert. You can hear Smetana's "Moldau" for free. Hey, are we really doing it for free? Let's do it for free. What if they give us money after the concert? We're performing for fun. Don't accept any money. Yes, we never pursued music for money. We just did it for the heck of it. It will be absolutely free! It's for free! Even if you give us money after the performance, we'll give it back. It's a touching concert. There are many young musicians. Our one hell of a young conductor Kang Gun-woo, our deaf violinist Du Ru-mi, our crap cellist Jung Hui-yeon, and... What the... Jun-gi. I'm sorry. For what? For saying to wait for the others. We weren't able to perform because of that. I'm not sure what was right. I just feel bad. But I bet if this were to happen again, you'll still choose the people. To be honest, I was angry earlier, but I would've hated it if we had performed without everyone. I doubt we would've been completely happy even if we performed well. What if we were still late? Our good relationship would've been completely destroyed. We started to play to enjoy life. Thanks to you, we can all laugh and relieve our stress. You made the right decision. Thoven, why are you out here? Here we are. Don't let him in! He peed where he wasn't supposed to. After all the time I spent teaching you! - I'm sorry. - Thoven, not you. I was the same. You had musicians on standby for me, but I messed up. I know I'm not good enough in your eyes, but I'll try my best. I'm going to do whatever it takes to keep the orchestra. If not... I'll do my best to put on one last performance. It's okay. There's no need for that. I'll try to put on a performance that will satisfy both you and the members. I'll be leaving soon. Didn't you see the inauguration? Luckily, Mayor Choi will fire me soon, so I'll leave in a week. I won't be able to see your last performance, so don't even bother. There's not much time left. But please watch over me until you leave. I'll do my best. Today? Yes, I was about to call you. My contest is today. Didn't you say you were leaving next week? We found a much better nursing home. It's important he finds stability as soon as possible. When are you leaving? - Isn't it the 12:30 p.m. bus, honey? - Yes. Father, you'll be going somewhere far. You need to change into new clothes and socks. He doesn't like to wear wool socks. He has sensitive skin now, so he doesn't like wearing itchy things. Really? He wasn't like that before. He prefers cardigans, not sweaters. Sweaters are too stuffy and tight for him. This is his favorite cardigan. Here. You'll find dried seaweed by the sink, in the second drawer on the left. He'll eat well if you roast half a sheet and sprinkle it over porridge. I'll do it after putting this on for him. No, didn't you stop by on your way to your contest? I'll do it. Be sure to take his CDs. Sometimes, he comes back to his senses if you play his CDs. If you don't have room to take everything, just take the third one from the right. That's his favorite CD. Is that so? But are you okay with the time? Didn't you say you had to rehearse before the contest? These are his favorite slippers. What else is there? Hello. Your performance at the civic center must have been very good. Many people wrote good reviews about it. Of course, they would say it was good if they had ears. I see. The day before yesterday, the Munich Philharmonic wanted your most recent works. What should I send? Send the performance at the civic center. Has the Deliberation Committee not made a decision yet? Well, they held their fourth meeting yesterday, and the results are out. Your dismissal... was approved. Good. That's what I wanted. Book me a flight that leaves in a week-- But, instead, you've become an advisor. Mayor Choi created a new advisor position for the city orchestra and nominated you. It was passed. An advisor? What does an advisor do? What does he do? Nothing. It's to prevent Mr. Kang from quitting and use his honor and name. Getting fired is better. That's so cruel. Then who will conduct us? I'm Lee Sang-yun, the newly appointed conductor. Please give me guidance, Advisor Kang. I'm not an advisor. I haven't accepted the position yet. But still, you'll be... I know many people question my lack of experience, but-- Experience isn't important as long as you're competent. Is that what you think? Thank you. I know people question how I achieved what I did, but-- I don't care where you came from, as long as you're competent. Wow. It's been a very long time since I've met someone I can relate to. A conductor doesn't automatically get respect for holding a baton. Your competency is your honor. Show them what you've got. They got a new conductor. He's the chairman for all high school alumni associations in Seokran. He has a stellar resume, being a chairman for this and a vice chairman for that. But none of them have anything to do with music. His resume does say he graduated from music school and conducted. He conducted for the women's choir at the cultural center. So how do you want us to play the decrescendo? It's decrescendo. Just like it says, gradually play softer. It differs from which part or which score. Do you play softer smoothly? Do you play like you can't hear it? Or, keeping forte in mind, do you play softly as a way to save up for something implicit? Just play softly, like it says in bar 77. But it's fortissimo right after that. You're supposed to play decrescendo for only two bars. Then do you want us to play the fortissimo like a sforzando? My goodness... Why are you seated all crooked? I can't concentrate because you aren't seated right. Straighten up! We're not a military band. Why in the world do we have to straighten up? I think the trumpet and the trombone's sheets have been swapped. That means they've been off the entire time. Were you aware of that? You didn't know? I knew, but I was going easy on you. I can't believe you're so awful. Are you out of your mind? The leads for trumpet and trombone, make sure you discipline them! Why were the sheets swapped? Can't you tell that you have the wrong music? We deliberately swapped them. What? Are you saying you tested me? Well, it's kind of sneaky, but it's a method musicians use when they get an untrustworthy conductor. It's to see if that person is someone we can trust and follow. What about Maestro Kang? Did you test him? How could you be so rude? There was no need for that. He's so talented. We accidentally swapped music sheets, and as soon as they played the first note, he destroyed them and told them to leave. We're using the same method, but this is... You're telling us to straighten up. You have to overpower us with your competency, not with your authority as a conductor. Sir, I'm sorry, but we need to talk amongst ourselves. Would you please step out for a while? How can you kick the conductor out? Why didn't you ask him to apologize to you like the last time? But, sir, he's not competent... It was unbearable. It makes no sense that he's the conductor of the Seokran Philharmonic. You haven't submitted your resignation, right? They've already dismissed me from my post. I don't care-- You must not do that, Mr. Kang! Don't submit your resignation nor accept the advisor position. All you have to do is stay right where you are. Leave the rest to us. If you falter, so will we. Hang in there for us, please? GIFTED YOUTH CONTEST I met with your mom and dad. They're so nervous. They're going to pray for you at home. But they wanted you to have this. And I brought this for you to eat. Have a bite. Here. Didn't you skip breakfast? You should eat more. Will you have the strength to play the flute? They want contestants 15 to 20. Already? Oh, no. If I had known, I would've taken you to the salon. I-deun, don't be nervous, okay? Stay calm and do well, right? Let's leave. We're making her more nervous. Let's go. - Good luck, I-deun. - You can do it, I-deun! I-deun, you can do it. Ru-mi. Yes? I have a favor to ask. Over there. - Excuse us. - I'm sorry. - Why are you so late? - They were looking for sponsors. Do you think we have a prospect? No, it's pretty tough. - When does I-deun play? - She's next. That's enough. - Good luck! - Good luck, I-deun! I-deun, good luck! Good luck! - Honey, are you ready? - Yes. Father, let's go. - Where's the waiting room? - I-deun was fantastic, don't you think? Do you think she can place? If I were a judge, I would give her first place. She was amazing. Hey, I-deun! You were great! - Hey - Hey, I-deun! - What? - Where are you going? - Hey! - If I were a judge, you would win! Ru-mi, start the car. - Where's Mr. Kim going? - The bus terminal. Let's go. I'll go park the car! Hello? Are the results out? How did she do? Jeez... Grandpa. Grandpa. Father, we're going to a nursing home right now. Can you recognize me? Grandpa! Grandpa! Grandpa! Grandpa! Grandpa! Grandpa! Grandpa! Grandpa! Grandpa! Grandpa! Grandpa! Grandpa! Grandpa! Grandpa! Grandpa! What is it, Father? Is your memory back? I-deun? Grandpa... I-deun, you came in second! You'll get a scholarship. I-deun. Grandpa. Open the door right now! It's been two weeks already! Do you think you can get away with rejecting your conductor? Open the door! Hey! Those bastards. Where should I put this up? On the bulletin board? No, put it up right here. Let's see who wins! Here. He finally left. - He left? - Yes, he did. I thought he was going to break the door down. If we don't open the door for him, he should get the point. - He's gone, right? - Yes. - I thought the door would break. - Seriously. RECRUITING MUSICIANS FOR SEOKRAN PHILHARMONIC ORCHESTRA What's this? RECRUITING MUSICIANS FOR SEOKRAN PHILHARMONIC ORCHESTRA CURRENT MEMBERS MUST AUDITION TO REMAIN IN THE ORCHESTRA You must have been desperate to want to meet me at a place like this. You're here because we're making the members audition, right? No, it's quite the opposite. I'm going to play some music for you. Tell me five emotions that come to you in thirty seconds. If you do, I'll do everything you want me to do. All you have to do is tell me what emotions you feel. There are no right or wrong emotions. It's beautiful. It's pretty. It's good. You have five seconds. I can't explain it, but... Time's up! Shall I try? I see lovers. They're about to break up. They're trying to smile for the sake of the other person. I also see a kid. She was looking for her mom, and now she finally found her. I also see an old man shining shoes. He's beaming with pride because he's satisfied with his work. Kids who are playing hide and seek suddenly run out. Their moms are calling them home for dinner. I see a girl's hand as she debates whether or not to say she likes someone. I see a poor traveler's worn-out sneakers. I also see an old man missing his wife who passed away before him. How can you condense all these feelings into those three, dry adjectives? I don't care if you live such deaf and depressing life. But the problem is that a person like you has become the mayor. I hope you won't turn the people in Seokran, people who have the potential to feel music, into people like you. SEOKRAN PHILHARMONIC'S BATTLE WE WON'T SURRENDER TO TYRANNY Did you meet with the mayor? Just ignore him. We'll take care of the whole audition issue. How are Gun-woo and the others? The same. They're trying to get a sponsorship, but it's not easy... They have no experience. Who will take them seriously? He's just wasting his time and energy, and getting hurt. Tell him to stop wasting his time. If you would tell him in person... Gun-woo is not only trying to resolve the orchestra issue, but he's trying to win you over too. If he knew you cared about him, he would be encouraged and happy. You can't come anymore? I tried to rearrange my schedule, but the people from the program got angry. They said I'll already be too busy with my private lessons. I suppose. You need to transfer, so you don't have much time left. I don't know why there's so much to do! I have to go to these training camps, and from the looks of my packed schedule, it's going to be hell. That's why it's a school for gifted kids. I'm so happy for you. I would welcome things like this any day. Oh, then you can't perform "A Goose's Dream" either? No, I'm insisting that I have to perform for that even if it kills me. I think they'll make it happen. Ru-mi, I have to go. - Can you tell Gun-woo-- - Tell me what? Hey, I-deun! Where are you going? - Where is she going? - She has to do something. How did it go? No luck? No. I suppose the economy is bad lately. Everywhere I go, even if I just mention "sponsorship," they freak out. Don't overexert yourself. Our members value music more than money. But we won't last long if we keep this up. It's already tough as it is. If there's no vision, no matter... Oh, how is the song arrangement coming along? It's awesome, of course! It's better than any classical piece. As if. Last time, the horn was too strong. Did you think so? I feel the same. That's why I'm going to arrange it into one hell of a song. Thanks. HORN TOO STRONG Come here. Order. - I'll get anything. - There's no such entree. Give me something small. What's the cheapest and nastiest dish you have? How is everything going? Not good, right? Give up. Do you remember what I said when you guys tried to be orchestra members after the first performance? I said it won't be fun after you become professionals because music becomes work. But don't you want to do music for fun? That's an oxymoron. Plus, you don't have money or people who give you money. No one even wants to hear your music. Why would you keep that up? Actually, I think what we're currently practicing will be our last performance. We were asked to play "A Goose's Dream." "A Goose's Dream"? I've never heard of it. Is it modern music? It's a pop song. A pop song? Is there a new genre in music theory? It's a pop song sung by a singer. Have you given up entirely? That's the only thing we can do right now... But we're practicing really hard. Ru-mi arranged it very well. It's her first arrangement since she started studying music composition. I know you might think we're doing commoner's music because we're commoners. So I can understand if you won't approve, but this is the best we can do for now. Really? Why don't you do your best and eat my leftovers? I suddenly lost my appetite. He's going to get rid of the city orchestra? That's what Mayor Choi suggested, but the Deliberation Committee opposed it. Why that man... He's out of his mind! - Okay, we'll have to protest more. - Okay. Why don't we put up a tent and protest day and night? - Sure. - Look. - We can't just sit here. - Excuse me. He looks down on us - because we're musicians. - Hear me out. - For what? - What about me? What? I'm sorry, but I need the money. So I can't postpone the deposit deadline any longer. I'm the one who's sorry. I'm trying to get a loan right now. If you wait just a short while-- Isn't your husband's job unstable? How can you get a loan? Anyhow, I listed this house on the market. I'm sorry. NO SECOND AUDITION Hey, there. My underwear and socks. You forgot my socks. I can't believe you. Don't you know I'll be protesting day and night for the next few days? I need socks more than underwear. Socks? Socks are more important to you? - What? - Do you know our situation? They want us to leave. They want us to move out in two weeks. We just had another baby, but we'll have to move in to a much smaller house. Honey. Contrabass? City orchestra? Yes, I'm the one who pushed you into it! But this is too much! If you didn't earn money for a few months, if I tolerated everything... Can't you realize you should give up? Must I yell and scream for you to know how I feel? You're so inconsiderate! Okay. I'll tell them I'm going to quit. Hyeok-gwon! I'm sorry. I must have gone insane for a second. I've become a bit sensitive after giving birth. But I got so angry when she told us to move out. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. No. It's all my fault. I was too indifferent. I don't know what to say. I would've fought until the end if I wasn't the breadwinner. I don't know why I've become more cowardly as I grow older. That's odd. That's what made you seem so remarkable to me. You've never thought about your own happiness. Your wife and kids have always been your priority. That's why I don't have a family. I'm too busy keeping myself happy to have a family. LETTER OF RESIGNATION NOTICE: YOUR OFFICE WILL BE A CONFERENCE ROOM The Deliberation Committee wants you to come to the meeting to discuss the dissolution of the city orchestra. It's really bad lately. The new mayor reduced all the cultural related funds. I'm sorry I keep coming to ask you for a favor. The city orchestra is also in a tight spot right now. Rumor has it, they're getting rid of Maestro Kang's office. He'll have to vacate in two days, and it will be locked. Long time no see. How have you been? Good. Mr. Kang! Don't endure it anymore. I can't bear to watch you. Give up. I'm okay. Get rid of the city orchestra? That's absurd! It's hard as it is to make a living. What's so important about stupid music? Let's make a road with that money! - "Stupid music"? How could you say that? - That's enough. - You have to be reasonable! - How absurd! Now! Don't get worked up. Let's talk calmly. But our economy is in pretty bad shape these days, right? But food isn't the only important thing in life. We need a breather. - Why don't you just breathe in? - The city orchestra is like a tree! You need to water it for a long time for the flowers to bloom! So when do we get to eat the fruit from the tree? You can't approach this matter from an economic viewpoint! How can you say such a thing? Being emotional... What did you just say? Hey, I can't believe you. When did I say that? Mr. Kang, I've never hated you. Oh, my gosh. You know what? He studied secretly in the dark so that he could beat you. He watched the DVDs of all your performances. He's so sneaky about studying. Hey, that's research. I bet he wanted to imitate me. I have a good sense of style. Why would I dress so old? Mr. Kang, I'm only 25. What 25-year-old has sideburns and a beard like an old man's? That's all for the image. Why do you keep on nitpicking? Stop picking on me. I'm just saying he looks cool. You'll go to hell if you lie. - Have some more. - Thanks. - Are you enjoying yourselves? - Yes. My gosh. - It's delicious. - I'm glad. How many glasses is that? Remember that? You're getting drunk, aren't you? Are you just getting started? - Have a glass. - Stop drinking. My gosh. - I'm good. - Are you sure? Yes. - Thank you. - You're red. It's been a long time since you've had a dream. Yes. I wanted to play the violin. Listen. Will this day come? Not yet. It's time to let everyone go. Both you and myself. LETTER OF RESIGNATION KANG GUN-WOO Sorry, Ru-mi. I think this is the end for us, too. I know it's really tough for you, but I'm sorry. I don't know about everyone else, but the two of you can't do this. I didn't sleep at all last night. I tossed and turned all night, but I got an answer when I saw the sunrise. This is it. I got to perform on stage and feel good about myself. I feel like that was good enough. What's wrong with everyone? - Why are you all quitting? - I'm sorry, Yong-gi. Seek and you shall find. How can we close our eyes just because we can't see? How can we go back? Weren't we happy playing together? We enjoyed it even if Maestro Kang scolded us. We were so proud of Gun-woo when he conducted like a robot. Even a cabaret trumpet player like me is staying. Why are you being stupid... What's your problem? Yong-gi... You all know that we have... "A Goose's Dream" performance at the civic center next week, right? We'll disband after that show. It was a pretty difficult path, but all of you put up a good fight. You're truly amazing. Thank you so much for everything. Gun-woo, is this really the end? After everything we did to get here? Is this really the end for us? It's not the end for me. I'm going to stay here. Who cares if it stinks? We were happy practicing here. It can't end for me. There will be a company-sponsored concert for hope at the civic center in four days. You're not going to conduct "A Goose's Dream," right? I've never heard of that concert. It's not me. Yes, I see. Wait. What did you say? "A Goose's Dream"? - Pardon? - I'm really sorry. Just by looking at your name, we thought you were Maestro Kang Gun-woo of Seokran Philharmonic. But you specifically called me... The person in charge must have been confused because you had the same name. Moon Hong-il, apologize at once! I'm sorry. I don't know much about classical music. My manager gave me a list of orchestras and told me to call Mr. Kang Gun-woo. We couldn't get past Maestro Kang Gun-woo's secretary. But Mr. Moon was so determined that he called you... We thought it was Maestro Kang Gun-woo and approved it. But we thought it was odd, so we looked into it, and... I'm really sorry. But we practiced for it. I'm confident we can pull this off. We actually looked over your experience, but... I'm sorry. Instead, we'll give you 10% of the pay for your efforts. They must have been mistaken because you have the same name. This is Maestro Kang. Who's in charge of the concert for hope? Gosh, that was nerve-wracking. Sir, it's Maestro Kang. - Of Seokran Philharmonic? - Yes. - Transfer the call now. - Sure. Hello? Are you really Maestro Kang? You want me to conduct the concert for hope? It will be an honor if you were to conduct for us. It will be 100 million won, and it's not negotiable. Send me the history behind the concert for hope and a PowerPoint that shows the company's budget and cultural plans for the past ten years. Pardon? Why do you need that kind of-- I want you to fax all the executive managers' hobbies, astrological signs, blood types, visions, all the results of the sports games you played, and a list of the top 100 people who can drink the most by 9 a.m. the day before the concert. Pardon? My employees will have to pull all-nighters for a week-- I'll consider conducting for you after I receive the information. One week? You can pull all-nighters for a month, but I still won't conduct for you. How dare they disrespect my pupil? I can't believe they were so mean to such a young kid. Those bastards. Where are you? I'm nearby. If he's near, why isn't he coming home? I stopped by the office for the last show I mentioned to you earlier. I went there to tell them we'll do it, but they were looking for you... They refused to let me do it. I'm sorry I let my orchestra members down... and I let you down... I'm sorry, sir, for being so incompetent. No. You're wonderful. You're amazing. I'm sorry, sir. Subtitle translation by Jeong Lee 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 