Virgin River: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Virgin River 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Virgin River (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [piano playing] ♪ It's a little bit funny ♪ ♪ This feelin' inside ♪ ♪ I'm not one of those Who can easily hide ♪ ♪ I don't have much money, But boy, if I did ♪ ♪ I'd buy a big house where We both could live ♪ [sighing] So I finally made a decision. You know, as long as I can remember, whenever things got rough, my instinct was to head home because that's where I felt safe. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But I realized that... the idea of home doesn't really exist for me anymore... because you were my home. Whenever there was a storm, you were my shelter. Without you, I've... I just feel lost. You know, no matter how hard I try... [breathes shakily] ...I just can't believe you're not coming back. I mean, everybody keeps saying... [sniffles] ..."I know Mark would want you to move on," and I know that that's true. [sniffles] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But I will never stop loving you. Kiss our baby girl for me. [theme music playing] You are sweeter than stolen honey. My hands are all wet. -Yeah? -[giggles] Mmm. And we can sleep in tomorrow. Oh... Gary is coming tomorrow at, um, eight to fix the garbage disposal. Well, that's okay. I can sleep through anything. What? He doesn't know about us. [sighs] Remind me why we we're sneaking around like a couple of teenagers? It's fun! Puts a little spice into things. I don't need spice. I want to walk down the street and be able to hold your hand. Yeah, I hate all that "coupley" crap. [sighs] Hope. [brook burbling] I don't want the whole town talking about us, dissecting everything we say or do. Well, since you are the biggest gossip in town, if you can keep quiet, I'm sure we'll be safe. What about Connie? You don't have to worry. We are gonna get it right this time. You have my word. I don't wanna rush things. Okay. Okay. You're the boss. I'll be gone by 7:30. -Seven would be better. -[chuckles] Gary's famous for his punctuality. Yeah? You do know we can't hide our relationship forever. Just a little longer. [laughing] [toilet flushing] [Charmaine sighs] -The doctor said this was normal? -Yeah. Morning sickness doesn't just happen in the mornings, Jack. I know, but you should at least be able to get some food down. Why don't we go see Doc, get a second opinion? I wish I knew you were coming over. I look awful. No, you look fine. Next time, you call me instead of Jackie, okay? Yeah, remind me to fire her. Everyone at the salon is just worried about you. -Are you worried about me? -[cell phone vibrating] Of course I am. That's why I want you to go see Doc. [typing] How's Mel? It's Preacher. He's slammed. Another server's called in sick. You haven't found a replacement for Brady yet? No, haven't had time. So if you're okay, I really gotta get back to the bar. Yeah, thanks for coming over. Yeah. [Charmaine] By the way... how is Mel? I don't know. -What do you mean you don't know? -I haven't heard from her. So you haven't spoken to her since she left? Look, I gotta get going, so if you can't get any food down, at least try to drink some water. Yeah? Hey, could... Could you actually get me some more before you go, please? Yeah. [Charmaine] Thanks. Any idea when she's coming back? Nope. Maybe she decided to move back home. Maybe she did. So she just left without any explanation? You know, Charmaine, you really need to focus on getting yourself well. I'm gonna call Doc and set up an appointment. [Charmaine] Okay. I'm just... surprised. Kind of a crappy thing to do to someone, don't you think? Call me if you need anything. Okay, thanks. Yep. Hmm. [door opening] Hey, Doc, it's me! I... Hi, Jack. I think I'm gonna need a little more than, "Hi, Jack." I'm sorry that I didn't call you back. I just didn't really know what to say. Yeah, that was obvious when you didn't return my calls. Jack, I just needed a couple weeks to sort things out. I changed my mind. You don't need to explain anything to me. What are you doing here? -What is she doing here? -[Jack] Don't ask me. It doesn't matter. I'm glad to have you back, Mel. Thanks. Um... -I can wait in the kitchen. -Nope, you're fine right where you are. Charmaine, I want you to drink plenty of fluids. Come back tomorrow so I can see if that medication is doing its job. -Okay. -I appreciate it, Doc. -I'll bring her back in the morning. -I can drive myself. No. You are dizzy and lightheaded. And until I can get you back to 100 percent, your driving privileges are hereby suspended. [sighs] Okay, well... Isn't this turning out to be a banner day? [Mel sighs] [exhaling] I mean... You're early. There's no escaping the fact that Charmaine, Jack, and I are all going to have to deal with an awkward situation while I finish out my year. But I mean, I don't know why it has to be awkward, you know? It's not like Jack and I are together. All I said was, "You're early." Right, I'm sorry. I just was caught off-guard seeing them both here. She fired her OBGYN and hired me. Oh. You know what? Next time she comes in, I would be happy to just clear out and take over any house calls or... That's not gonna work. Why not? Because I have the feeling that Charmaine is experiencing something a little more complicated than morning sickness. Okay. Well, just so you know, she is not going to want me to treat her. Well, you may not be who she wants, but I'm pretty damn sure you are gonna be who she needs. That's just not something I can do. I'm sorry. I... [Doc sighs] -Preacher, look! -[Preacher] Whoa! -Did you get attacked by a bear? -No! Well, that is one very manly scar. I didn't even cry when they took out the stitches. Is that right? -Yeah, but I did. -Hey there. -Okay, you. Back to math. -Mom! Come on. Go on. See you later, Preach. Oorah. -He hates math. -Really? Yeah, but who doesn't? Um... [laughs] Well, I don't know what I'm gonna do when he gets to the really hard stuff because these fractions are kicking my butt. Well, you know, I... I mean, I could help him. -Really? -Mm-hmm. That's very sweet, thank you. Listen, I still feel really bad about the night Christopher cut his hand. Hey, you don't need to apologize. I know, it's just that you were so worried. I'm just glad you two are safe. Last one. I gotta ask. Why'd you go all the way to Clear River? Oh. Well, he was bleeding, and when I couldn't reach Doc, I panicked. Oh... So, um... You know, we never did finish talking about this whole... you know, Michelle thing. Yeah. I could manage lunch day after tomorrow. Yeah, okay. I will pick you up after the, uh, lunch rush is over. Okay, great. I'll call Connie, ask her to look after Christopher. She loves spending time with him. Okay. What? I'm looking forward to it. Yeah, me too. See you later. I just got to stop by the bank, okay? If I don't make a deposit today, I won't make payroll. Hey... Are you sick again? I thought you said Mel left. She did. And you didn't know she was back? Nope. Found out same as you... at Doc's. I don't believe you. Well, believe what you want, but... I haven't spoken to her since she left. But you're happy she's back. See you in a sec. [man] Look at those there. They're silicon pads. -They're great. After an hour... -[woman] Yeah. And that's helpful? Hey, Jack. Oh, you must be pleased as punch. Nice to see you, Connie. [chuckling] Hope told me Mel's gonna return after all. Any idea when she'll be back? I'm sorry, I need to get back to work. We're a little short-handed right now. Oh. Uh, I heard about your run-in with Brady too. Goodbye, Connie. Can I get you something? Jack's forgiveness. I meant, something like a drink? Hey, Ricky, booth three needs refills, and they want their check. Yes, sir. That better not be that soy Frankenstein pie you build out of flavorless paste. No, ma'am. Apple Cinnamon, straight from Paige's truck. All right. Ah! [Preacher] Hmm? Ah? Mm. Yeah! -[Preacher] Right. Hey! -Very nice. Well, look what the cat dragged in! Hi! -[Preacher] Good to see you. -Hi. You too! Cop a squat. Preacher, let's get this lady some pie. Doc said you weren't arriving until tonight. Oh yeah, I was gonna stop in San Francisco for the afternoon, but I just decided to drive straight through. -Thanks. -I'm glad you did. Jack's had his hackles up ever since you left. Maybe once he sees you, he'll... lighten up. [chuckles] Well, I actually came to talk to him, so... Hey, Preach. Is Jack around? Yeah, he's in the office. Um... I'll go get him. [Mel] Thanks. [Hope] How'd you like being home? Uh, It was great. You know, I ate sushi every night and did some shopping. Acquired another pair of impractical boots? Oh, no, I actually didn't end up buying anything. And, I will say, I did miss Preacher's grilled catfish. -You know what that means, don't you? -What? It means that country-living is seeping into those city bones of yours. [laughs] Now, I think it was that I overdid the salmon eggs, and Barney's was between seasons. [laughs] Well, you can tell yourself that, but one of these days you're gonna call Virgin River home. Mark my words. Consider them marked. So, um, Jack is in the middle of something. -He said it might be a while. -Oh, okay. Um... I've got some unpacking to do anyways, so I'll just... Okay, I will make this to go. Uh, how much do I owe you? Hey! No, you don't. -Preach, you can't keep doing this. -I can. Okay. Thank you. See you later. Bye. Oh, those two have more sparks than a Fourth of July parade. It's a damn shame they aren't together. -[Preacher] Yeah. -Oh. Speaking of shame... Preacher! Be a dear and bring me an iced tea. -Sweet but no refined sugar. -You bet. Good Lord Almighty, how much perfume do you have on? I'll have you know that a famous actor once told me that every woman should have a signature scent. Was that Valentino or Fairbanks? Actually, it was the beautiful singer-thespian, Neva Small. You know, I was her understudy in the Broadway musical Henry, Sweet Henry. [chuckles] Well, you probably don't know that since you're not the type of person who is inquisitive about the arts. Muriel, what do you want? I heard a rumor that you and Doc are finally getting divorced, so I wanted to know if you would mind if I asked Doc out on a date? I mean, given your history, it just seems the right thing to do. Ooh. Unless, of course, the rumor is just a rumor. No, you heard correctly. Doc is fair game. Oh! That is wonderful news! I mean, condolences on the divorce. Aw. [laughs] Yeah, I'll take that, thanks. [knocking at door] Come in! -Hi. -Hey. I didn't expect to see you. -Preacher said you came by the bar. -Yeah. I wanted to talk to you about,  uh, why I left. Like I said this morning... [sighs] ...you don't need to explain yourself to me. Well, I want to. Look, I didn't call you when I was in LA because... This is too hard. Meaning? Charmaine wants to be with you. What does that have to do with you and me? She's gonna be the mother of your child. You have the chance to have a real family, and I just-- I can't be the person to stand in the way of that. Well, here's the problem... I'm not in love with her. I know you don't want to hurt her. -Does she know that we went out? -No. Because you know if she found out, she would be hurt. Jack, she's never gonna be okay with us being together. And it's only gonna get more complicated once the baby comes. Okay, what about what I want? Look me in the eye and tell me you don't care about me the same way I care about you, and I will leave you alone. I can't. I do. I care about you... which is why I'm gonna finish my contract and go somewhere else. Well, I didn't take you for someone who'd just... walk away when things got tough. I guess you don't know me as well as you think you do. Well, I know enough to know I'm right about us. You'll see. [door closes] I have a pregnant patient who can't keep anything down, and the usual treatment and drugs are not working. Charmaine? -Extreme fatigue? -Yup. -Low blood pressure? -Check. -Dehydration... -And weight loss. It sounds like hyperemesis. Exactly what I was thinking. Do you have experience with that? Yes, quite a bit. Mine is limited. Damn it, Doc, I already said no. I just want you to weigh in on the treatment plan. -One consult, that's it. -Just one. Come on. [sighing] Why is she here? Given Mel's specialty in this area, I've asked her to participate. Any objections? No. So, Doc has filled me in on your symptoms, and I believe you might have hyperemesis gravidarum. -All right. What's that? -It is a severe form of morning sickness that sometimes can last an entire pregnancy. Are you serious? [Doc sighs] Yes. I've only had a couple of patients with HG, but Mel has treated many back in LA. The weight loss and dehydration left untreated can cause serious complications for both you and your baby. Unfortunately, HG pushes your pregnancy into the high-risk category. [scoffs] Why is this happening to me? Now, this is treatable. We just need to get your symptoms under control. Now you're gonna be okay. I think it would be best if you were to stay here in Virgin River so we can monitor you more closely, and then get you back on your feet as quickly as possible. I'm so sorry. I know how upset you must be feeling. -How would you know how I feel? -Char... Don't "Char" me. I just found out that my pregnancy is high risk, and you don't have any kids, you've never been pregnant, so please just don't pretend like you know how I feel. -Mel is an expert in this-- -Charmaine... I have spent my entire professional career helping mothers bring healthy babies into the world. I'm not here to treat you. I simply agreed to assist Doc with a consult, and unfortunately, my professional opinion is that you have HG, and should be under supervision until you can get rehydrated and maintain your weight. It's not just for your health but for the health of your baby. Hey, it's okay. [sniffling] If you'll excuse me, I have some work to do. Thank you. First things first, we need to find Charmaine a place to stay locally. I'm... I'm so sorry. I can't talk about this right now. I'm sorry. [exhaling] Ooh. All right, what happens next? Well, I have to admit. This is gonna be trickier than I thought. Please, "tricky" is the understatement of the year. Yeah. Charmaine. I'm so sorry. It's... it's the hormones. [sniffles] Understood. But you owe Mel an apology. Yeah... yeah, I know. [sniffling] And enough of this. Enough of what? You're sick, and you can't keep ignoring that. This isn't just about you. I'm taking over. Got it? You're gonna allow Mel and Doc to take care of you, and you're going to stop pushing me away. You hear me? Yeah. Mel is good at what she does. And what she does is take care of pregnant women. If Doc trusts her, then so should you. [suspenseful music playing] Hey. Hey. Listen, I wanted to apologize for Charmaine's behavior. She hasn't been herself lately. -It's fine. -No, it isn't. You're right, it's not fine. -Well, at least we agree on something. -[scoffs] Also, um, there's something that I need. Look, I have no right to ask this, so if the answer is no, I'll totally understand. Oh, what is it? I'd like you to take Charmaine on as a patient. No, I spoke to her, she's willing to do whatever you tell her. I know it's a big ask, but if anything were to happen to Charmaine or that baby, I would never forgive myself. And this has nothing to do with us, okay? Whatever that ends up being. Okay, I'll think about it. -Thank you. -Yeah. It means a lot to me. Okay. Could you switch to the other foot? Uh-huh. Not quite so hard. Hmm? Well, that's too light. -There you go. -[laughs] So glad I could be of service. [cell phone vibrating] Hello? Yeah, I... Well, I... Yeah, I guess I can carve some time out about lunch tomorrow. [whispering] Who is it? Okay. -Good, I will see you tomorrow. -Who is it? -Good night. Was that Muriel? No, it was Mel. She wanted to talk, whatever that means. Why would you think Muriel was calling me? -No reason. -Oh? She asked me if you were single, and I said yes. Why on Earth would you do that? To throw people off our scent. What scent? The scent that alerts people to the fact that we're together again. First of all, that is insane. Secondly, I'm not going out with Muriel. -No, no, no. -You have to go out with her. Otherwise, she's going to be suspicious, and I don't want to give her ammunition that she could use against us. We are not at war, we're in a relationship. Yeah, leave it to a man to not know the difference. [Doc sighs] Okay, I surrender. Thank you. But... you do know you're nuts, right? I happen to know you like nuts on just about everything. [laughing] Lucky for you, that's true. -[thunder rumbling] -[rain pattering] [grunts softly] I know what you would say if you were here. You would tell me to put away my feelings and put the patient first. It's what made you such a great doctor. Good night, babe. [Mel] Hey, Nick. Hey, Mel. Is Jo Ellen around? Uh, no, she won't be back till tomorrow. Her sister had to have surgery and needed some help. No. Well, tell her if she needs anything, I'm here. Okay, will do. I was wondering if you have any downstairs rooms available for the next couple weeks? It's not for me, it's for one of Doc's patients. Oh. No, sorry. We're booked solid for the next month. When the fish are biting... Yeah. Oh, but you know, I think Lily might have a couple of spare rooms. Yeah, she's a little too far out. How about Connie or Preacher? They're both clear across town. I can't think of anybody who has space available close to Doc's, sorry. -Thanks. -Okay! Absolutely not! Well, you have a spare room, and your house is right down the street from the clinic. It just makes sense. Makes sense for who? In case you've forgotten, Charmaine and I have a healthy dislike for one another. I'm not asking you to throw her a party, I'm asking you to open your home to a pregnant woman who needs a place to heal. I've lived alone for 20 years! I keep odd hours and occasionally vacuum in the nude! -No, you don't. -You're right, half-nude. Think of me as Melanie Griffith in Working Girl. I'd rather not. Fine. But I enjoy staying up late and watching TV, and I'm not about to miss my standing date with Mr. Kimmel for her. Doc and I will deal with Charmaine. You won't even notice that she's here. What about Jack? He's still not talking to me. Well, maybe taking in Charmaine will have a healing effect on your relationship. Okay, make you a deal. If you could convince Jack to have Charmaine stay with me, then I'll allow it. Great! Thank you. I wouldn't get too excited. Jack can barely look me in the eye. He's not gonna want to have Charmaine here! Where he's guaranteed to see the one person in town he doesn't want to have anything to do with. Can I ask you a question? Okay. How'd you get mixed up with a guy like Wes? Well, uh... When I met him, he was so sweet and gentle. Didn't even hold my hand till the third date. So what happened? After we got married, his temper flared. My friends and family tried to warn me. When he gave me my first black eye, they begged me to leave him. Eventually, he drove everyone away, isolating me completely. I'm so sorry. You know, he would always cry after he hit me. And I would always comfort him. Looking back, I see how wrong it all was, but at the time when I was in it, it just felt so normal. So what does Christopher know? I think we did a pretty good job of hiding it from him. I didn't want him to be afraid of his own father, and... Wes didn't want his own son hating him. When you left... I told him that Daddy had to go far away for his police work, and that's why we had to change our names and how we looked. Well, you know, I do have a couple extra rooms. Oh, God, no, Preacher, you've already done so much for us already. I... I would feel like we're imposing. It's not an imposition... if I asked. [Jack exhales] All right, just turn around and leave. Just hear me out. I came to make things right between us. You made your choice that night. Yeah. Well, I got another job offer, but I'm willing to turn it down if... I can manage the bar. Well, Brady, in what world would I make you a manager? I got the smarts, the talent. Scrubbing toilets, washing dishes, you were wasting me. You should take that offer. Huh? You... you don't think I can handle the bar? [Jack] As a matter of fact, I don't. Oh. Look, I've been making excuses for you and bailing you out since Iraq. Now, as long as I keep fixing everything, you never will. You need to grow up and get your life together! What happened to "blood brothers," huh? Oh, I'm being a brother to you. Because as a brother, it is my duty to look out for you, okay? That includes making sure that you can stand on your own two feet. You're making a mistake. No, I'm finally doing the right thing. [Doc] You are not gonna change your mind though now. [Mel] No, no. But, uh... [chuckles] ...the irony is not lost on me. [Doc] Which is? Which is I was trying to help Jack by staying out of their business. Is that irony? -Yes, unfortunately. -[laughs] Um... Can I get a Reuben? And some water. Uh, I'll just have  a caprese salad and water. -Thanks. -Thank you. So... what was it made you come around? Well... I just feel like it's my duty as a medical professional, and Jack asked me to, and he's... He's done a lot since I've been here, and treating Charmaine is something that I can do for him. But the reason I wanted to talk to you outside of the office is that I have a personal issue with this situation. Thank you. And I need your advice. Okay. Charmaine blames me for her and Jack breaking up. Oh. Look, you sure you don't just want to talk to Hope about this? I mean, personal relations aren't exactly my forte. [chuckles] Yeah, well, I need this conversation to remain confidential. Oh, well... [laughs] Fair enough. But you've known Jack a long time. Do you think that if I hadn't come to Virgin River, he would still be with Charmaine? You wanna know if you're the reason they split up? Yeah. It's hard to say, but you know, I never... got the sense that Jack was that serious about Charmaine. Right, that's what he told me. And I don't know what he would have done when he found out she was pregnant, but... if you want my perspective... I do, yeah. I think meeting you made Jack realize what is possible. And even if you left Virgin River today, I don't know if he'd be able to go back to a relationship where he wasn't fulfilled. Right. You know, I just can't help but feel like I'm ruining his chance at having a family. This is on Jack. He is a man who makes his own decisions. He is not easily swayed. You didn't steal anything. Your coming to town illuminated his perspective because he wanted it to. Yeah, I guess so. You didn't do anything wrong. In fact, helping Charmaine, knowing how she feels about you, is a very honorable thing to do. I mean, I don't know about honorable. [laughs] Well, you take your time. You may just change your tune. I mean, she's... She is not gonna make it easy on you, you know that? Yeah, I know. [Michelle] Thank you. [Preacher] For? For being so good to me and my son. [chuckles] See you guys tomorrow. Hey, Preacher? Yeah. If you're really okay with it, we'll move in with you. I am better than okay with it. Yeah? Yeah. -Okay. -Okay. I guess I better go relieve Connie. Okay. -[ball bouncing] -[Christopher laughing] [Christopher laughing] [ball bouncing] Mom, Dad's here! Hello, Michelle. [man 1] They've been trying to restore this thing for, well, over 12 years now. [man 2] Did he finally get it working? [man 1] No. He sure hasn't. He's still working... [Preacher] Hey. You're still here. Needed to go over these applications and run through our inventory. I could have handled the inventory for you. It's cool. It's all under control. [woman] Okay, good night! I'm gonna say something you're not gonna like. All right, then why say it? Because I'm your friend, and I care about you. You got to let her go. This whole thing between you and Mel, maybe it's not meant to be. -See, sometimes-- -Preach... I'm in love with her, man. ♪ Today is gonna be the day That they're gonna throw it back to you ♪ I hear you. ♪ By now you should've somehow Realized what you gotta do ♪ Thanks again for closing up. ♪ I don't believe that anybody Feels the way I do, about you now ♪ ♪ Because maybe ♪ ♪ You're gonna be the one that saves me ♪ ♪ And after all ♪ ♪ You're my wonderwall ♪ [song fades] [door opens] [screams] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 