The InBetween: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The InBetween 
 s1e7 - Let Me in Your Window - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The InBetween (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Let Me in Your Window - full transcript 
 Tom and Damien race to stop a serial arsonist before he can strike again. Cassie suspects there's something evil going on with the new bartender at work. Things take a turn for Sally, Damien's comatose girlfriend. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "The InBetween"... Cassie has certain abilities that can be very helpful. She's over here! She's still alive. - Who's Sally? - My fiancée. Or at least she was gonna be. She fell into a coma. I'm waiting for her to come back to me. I see ghosts. - I hear them. - Cassie! Sometimes they send me a message, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and sometimes they just show up. If you find yourself wanting a little help - from my side, - _ just give me a holler. Help me! Somebody! Let me out! Is there anything else you can tell us? A bobblehead? Uh, what, like those giveaway things at the ballpark? Yeah. No, it doesn't ring any bells. But a car fire... definitely. Listen, I'll talk to you later. Bye. - You talk to the housekeeper? - Yeah. She said Neil Stern was headed out to the gym. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 She heard an explosion, ran out, and found the car on fire. Neil Stern was screaming for help. But when he turned on the ignition, the doors automatically locked. Yeah, once the fire began, the electrical system shorted out. He couldn't unlock them again. This is Gio Salonga. He's the Sterns' contractor. Neil told me I could come by today to pick up my tools. What happened? We're still looking into it. How long have you been working for the Sterns? About five months. They hired me to do some renovations, but they fought so much about it that they ended up separating halfway through the job. - When did Mrs. Stern move out? - About six weeks ago. Neil wanted to finish the work on the house, sell it, and split the profits, but Lydia... Mrs. Stern... she really loves this place and wanted to keep it. If the job's not done, why are you here for your tools? - I quit, actually, last week. - How come? It was just getting to be too much. The last straw was an infestation of fire ants. Neil said me and my team should be able to handle it for free. I said no. Can I get my tools? Not until we're finished with the crime scene. I'll take your statement over here. Thank you. All right, so fire investigators think the ignition was rigged. Maybe an accelerant was used. So this is definitely a murder. With Neil Stern dead, the house is off the market. Question is, how bad did Mrs. Stern want back in? Hey, Will, sorry I'm late. I got hung up on the... hey. You're not Will. I'm Andie. Will's mom got sick, so Carl asked me to fill in. Oh, I'm Cassie. It's nice to meet you. Oh, wow. That came on sudden. - You okay? - Yeah. I just got this... headache. Uh... I got some aspirin in the kitchen. I get those too. Migraines. - I have some medicine... - No, no, no. It's fine. Just be a sec. I... I can't believe this. Was there something wrong with the car? We believe your husband was murdered. Who would murder Neil? That's crazy. You and your husband were going through a pretty contentious divorce. Not really. I mean, we were past the fighting. The lawyers were handling it. I'd say that we were friendly. Mr. Stern was at a business dinner last night, which means his vehicle was tampered with between 10:00 p.m. and 9:00 a.m. this morning. Do you have an alibi for that timeframe, Mrs. Stern? You can't seriously think that I had something to do with this. I was home alone last night, and this morning I had an early golf game. Do you still have access to the house and the grounds? Neil changed the locks and the codes after I left. He changed the locks on you? That doesn't sound very friendly. He was annoyed, because occasionally, I would come in and move things back to their rightful positions. I spent five years decorating that house. Did she look like a woman who could rig a car to explode? No, but she might hire someone to do it. Hey, Cassie. I'm out of change. I need fives and tens. Uh, there's a lockbox under the bar. The code is 0529. 0529. Got it. Thanks. You'll be feeling better, Cottontail, now that little miss is gone. People like you who are sensitive to bad energy... well, let's just say evil sometimes comes dressed in a pretty package. Last time I saw you, Ed, I believe I told you to get lost. And I said I'd be back if you needed me. I don't need you. Well, now, we'll see about that, won't we? Spend a little more time with the new girl. You may change your mind. - How does this look? - Yeah, it's great. - Wherever you want. - Go there? Yeah. Ah, thanks. Hey, I did a deep dive into the Sterns' financials. You find anything? The usual expenses of wealthy people: designer clothing, $200 haircuts... oh, and Lydia bought a men's Rolex watch two weeks ago. Paid 20 grand. Well, that's a month after she and her husband split, so I doubt she was buying him presents. I talked to her friends. If she was seeing someone, they didn't know about it. Maybe the watch was a clever way to hide a $20,000 payment to a hitman. Keep digging. Hey, I just hung up with the Sterns' gardener. He said he was servicing another house across the street this morning about an hour before the fire. Did he see something? He said Lydia Stern pulled up around 8:00 a.m. and asked him to open Neil's gate. She said she wanted to grab her golf clubs from the garage, so he punched her in. Gardener didn't get a good look, but he said there was a man in the car with her. She said her ex changed the codes. Didn't mention that she circumvented them. Buckets all the way around. Let's move it five inches... It's just like the last one, Detective. Fill us in. We responded to a car fire. Just found a body inside the driver's seat. - Owner's name was... - Lydia Stern. I won't tell the health inspector if you won't. Uh-huh. Feeling any better? - Mm-hmm. - Cool. What's the latest on the Stern fires? Same MO at both Neil's place and Lydia's place: the ignitions were rigged. Wait, didn't we check her car after her husband was murdered? Yep, and it was clean, which means the tampering took place after 1:00. All right, so who would wanna kill Neil and Lydia Stern? Life insurance? Well, I spoke to their attorneys. Since they didn't have any children or living relatives, their savings and life insurance would be paid out to various charities, mostly animal rescue. Interviews with friends and coworkers didn't reveal any enemies. - Everyone seemed to like them. - Wait, wait. What about the man their gardener saw in the car with Mrs. Stern yesterday morning? His name's Jake Crawford. He's the golf pro at her club; said he and Mrs. Stern went to pick up her clubs and spent an hour at the range working on her swing. Any chance Jake is Lydia's new boyfriend? Well, he denies she gave him a Rolex, and he's very happily married to his husband, Stanley. Okay, well, what about the fire investigator's report? Processing, but we can get them to rush it. All right. Keep me posted. - Hey. - Hey. - Everything all right? - Yeah. I was just hoping I could talk to you about something. Is now a bad time? I'll follow up with the fire investigator. Thanks. What's up? I think there might be something going on with this new girl at work. What, going on like she's... what, in trouble? More like she is trouble. Every time I'm around her, I get this weird feeling like I'm sick or scared. And then I looked her up online. Turns out she was involved in an accident a year ago. Some guy attacked her, and he was killed. - What's her name? - Andrea Squire. - Andrea... Squire. - _ - Max Geoghan died in a fall. - _ - Andrea said it was self-defense. - _ Protection orders on him going back five years. I just can't explain this weird vibe. Is there any chance it wasn't an accident? What, you think, maybe, she pushed him? Five years, it is a long time to deal with something like that. Maybe she just reached her boiling point. I can call the investigating detective, if you like. - Do you mind? - Yeah, sure. I'll call you when I know something. - Thanks. - All right. - Oh, before I go... - Yep? - Bugs. - Bugs? Mm-hmm. Saw a bunch of bugs. Uh, it might be Andie-related, or it might be for you. Thank you. I'll keep an eye out. Okay. Tom, got in touch with the fire investigators. They ID'd the accelerant used in both Stern fires. It has a long scientific name, but the brand is Chloron. - An insecticide? - Yeah, you've heard of it? No, Cassie just saw bugs. Yeah, well, Chloron was banned in 2015. It's only licensed here to kill a particular form of insect. Coincidentally, the same type of infestation from the Stern house. - Fire ants. - Yeah. The Sterns' contractor, Gio Salonga, he said Stern wanted him and his guys to handle the extermination. If he bought the supplies before he quit the job... Then he is carrying our murder weapon. _ It's open. - Hi. - Hi. Where's Gio Salonga? Uh, he's out at the moment. Can I help you? I'm his assistant. We need to know if your company purchased a chemical called Chloron to combat the Sterns' bug problem. We did, yes. In fact, I've been trying to return it to the manufacturer. Mr. Stern fired Gio before we could even use it. Was Gio fired or did he quit? All I know is, he came back from the Stern house and said the job was over. I've been trying to recover cash that Stern owed us, as well as money we laid out for supplies. - How much cash? - Almost $10,000. Where is Gio? We need to speak with him. I can call him, but he probably won't answer. In half an hour, he'll be at the skateboard park on Fourth Avenue. That's where he and his ex meet to hand off their son. That's okay. Don't call him. Gio Salonga, we need to talk with you. Uh, who are you? - Seattle PD. - What's this about? I already told you everything I know. Wait, are you in some kind of trouble? No, Vera. Neil Stern died this morning. He was murdered. And now his wife, Lydia, is dead too. I hadn't heard. This doesn't have anything to do with him. He just worked for them. It's okay. I'll... I'll straighten it out. Can you keep Gabe until tonight? Of course. But I wanna go with you, Dad. Could I get a second? Hey, I just need to go talk to the police officers. Pick you up in a few hours? - Call me later. - Yeah. It's all right. If you're looking for someone who had a grudge against the Sterns, I'm not your guy. I told you, I liked them. That extermination job Neil wanted you to do, you'd already booked the supplies... a chemical called Chloron. - Yeah, what about it? - Where is it now? Back of the truck. It was here, I swear. Let's go. Where did you get the Chloron, Gio? I know a guy who's an exterminator. He sold me a jug. It's allowed if you're killing fire ants. If you have a license, which you don't. Come on, seriously. It's bug spray. Tell us the real reason Neil Stern fired you, Gio. Is it because you were sleeping with his wife? Lydia Stern bought an expensive men's watch two weeks ago. That was for you, right? I know I shouldn't have lied to you. It's just... I'm about to sue my ex-wife for full-custody of our son, and I can't get wrapped up in any of this. Vera's lawyer would slaughter me on the stand. How long has the affair been going on? A few weeks. I don't know why Lydia got me the watch. I didn't want it. She said that I could sell it and that it would cover the money that Neil owed me. That truck you're driving, '56 Chevy... - Yeah, yeah. - You do the work yourself? Me and my son. They're kind of a project, something to do together. You'd have to be a pretty good mechanic to do that kind of work, right? You know your way around a car's ignition system. You know that the fuel air mixture in the engine's combustion chambers could be used to ignite an accelerant. Yeah, here's what we think happened, Gio. We think... Lydia gave you that watch as payment... to kill her husband. And you murdered Lydia to tie up the loose ends. No, no, no. You're wrong. I swear, I didn't do it! - Hey, Tom. - Hey, kid. Just wanted to let you know, I spoke to that detective. He said he's certain that Max Geoghan's death was self-defense. Apparently, he was arrested for trespassing in Andie's yard, spent a few nights in jail; when he got out, furious, took off after her and, well, she fought back. Okay. Thanks for letting me know. I'll talk to you later. Ow. Ugh, another headache? - Mm. - Hang on. I've got some aspirin. I've got my whole life in here, but... I can never find anything. A Taser. I got one of those. I always forget to charge it. My dad gave it to me. He's a cop. I take this with me everywhere. - It saved my life. - Really? Yeah, I had a stalker. Oh, that's terrible. He was a customer at the bakery where I worked. We'd say hello, chat a little bit, but that was it. Then one day, he leaves a note on my car. He's decided we're in love and meant to be together. Aw, man. The next thing I know, he's everywhere. I'd see him on street corners, watching me. If I went out with friends, he'd show up. I quit my job, changed my phone number. My house was a fortress. I had a security system installed, and we caught him on tape in my backyard. It was enough to arrest him for trespassing. He spent a week in jail... the first week in five years I got a good night's sleep. But then his parents bailed him out. No one told me. So you thought he was still inside? Yeah, I thought I was safe. So I decided to do something really crazy. I went on a hike by myself. I was almost to the top of the ridge when I realized he'd followed me. He had a rope in his hands. He said he was done playing games. He was so mad, out of control, I thought he was gonna kill me. I managed to tase him, and he let me go. We struggled, and I don't know, I pushed him off me. He slipped, fell over the side. The cops said he must have died instantly. Can you see me? Sounds like a horrible thing to say, because someone lost their life, but at least he was finally gone, you know? Are you okay? Migraine. - We're a pair, huh? - Yeah. Ironic, isn't it? She thinks I'm gone... But really, we're closer than ever. If Gio Salonga has motive, means, and opportunity, why isn't he under arrest? That's because we finally got in touch with Gio's alibi, Dylan McGee. He confirms they were camping the night before last up at Dash Point. They didn't get back into town until 10:00 a.m. Neil Stern's car went up at 9:00 a.m. And when Lydia's burned, Gio was at a jobsite. We don't have enough to charge him. Well, we need to find the Chloron. Forensics searched his house, his office... it's not there. Maybe a night in jail will shake him up a little. Tomorrow, I'll put a tail on him and see if he leads us to the murder weapon. - Will do. - All right. _ Dr. Ronson, what are you doing here so late? Is everything okay? I just stopped by to see Sally on my way home. We've noticed a change in her brain activity over the last few days. Her brain waves will spike then drop precipitously then rise again. What does that mean? To be honest, I'm not sure. Could it be that she's trying to wake up? That's a possibility. There's nothing to do but wait and see. Another one coming on, huh? Andie gets those too. Too much bad energy floating around. If you mean me, don't worry. When Andie goes, I'll go with her. She's planning a trip with her parents to California. She wants to see the redwoods. That'll be nice for us. - Relaxing. - You should leave her alone. She does not want you with her. I know she says that, but she doesn't mean it. Andie's always fought her feelings for me. When I was alive, she filed restraining orders. Now she casts spells. It's a game she plays. What are you talking about? Every week there's a new one; a cleansing spell, a protection spell, a banishing spell... I think she knows I'm still with her. She just can't admit her feelings for me. Yes, she can. She hates you. Come on. All I've ever wanted is to make Andie happy. I'm like one of those characters in a romance book girls love to read. Everyone wants that, don't they? Love that transcends death. - Here you go. - Thank you. So, you're saying this woman is still being stalked? - Yeah. - Wow. It's like nothing's changed, really. Creepers gonna creep, even in death. The thing is, even if she tells herself he's gone, I think deep down she knows he's not. Those headaches I've been getting, Andie gets them too every time that he's around. And Max, he said that she's been doing these cleansing spells. She's trying to get rid of him. She just doesn't know how to do it. Right, 'cause you can't get a restraining order on a spirit. Is there any way to get him to leave with her never having to know? I mean, dead people are still just people, right? Everyone wants something. Unfortunately, I think Max just wants Andie. But I need a plan... like a foolproof way to make sure he is gone and he's not coming back. Well, if it were me and Max was still alive, I'd just send my brother to pay him a visit. Call you later. Bye. I don't get it. How could I see Sally's spirit if she's still alive? My Irish grandmother would say you saw a fetch. - A what? - A fetch. It's kind of a premonition. Is it a premonition of death? Not always. Some think it's actually the sign of a long, happy life. But look, since we don't know what it means, don't tell him. Okay, thanks. Cassie called earlier. She asked after Sally. Any news? Oh, not really. There's been some change in her brain activity. The doctor still isn't sure what it means. The not knowing, that's the hardest part. Yeah. Well, tell Cassie I appreciate her concern though, will you? There's Gio. From jail to work. No rest for the wicked. Gio, stay down. We need fire and an ambulance. 113 Longsight Road. Rush the bus. Yep. Yeah, that's good to know. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah, we will. Okay, bye. Hey, that was Seattle General. Gio has third-degree burns on more than 50% of his body, but they think he'll pull through. The doctor said it'll be a while before we can talk to him. - Look at this. - Trip wire. It's not nearly as complicated a system as the rigging in the cars, but it did the job. Yeah. And you see this. My guess is, when we test that, we'll find that's our missing bottle of Chloron. Gio did lead us to the murder weapon. Yeah, but who has a motive to want all three of these people dead? Maybe someone who didn't like that Gio Salonga and Lydia Stern were having an affair. When you told us Gio was fired off the Stern job, Leon, you neglected to tell us the reason why. Gio was having an affair with Lydia Stern. I didn't know for sure, but yeah, they spent a lot of time together. Who else knew what was going on? Gio was trying to keep it quiet, but he said that Vera, his ex-wife, caught them once when Lydia was driving him home. She hit the roof. The Salongas have been divorced for years. Mrs. Salonga never got over Gio. She wanted them to get back together. Gio even gave it some thought, mostly for their son's sake, you know. But in the end, he told her no. She was pissed, started to mess with Gio's visitation. She was fed up. He wanted to sue for full custody. Did he think she was unfit? Gio thought the kid would be better off with him. That's all. Did Vera know about his plans? No. Gio wasn't gonna tell her until the papers were filed. Who needs more drama? Well, well, look who's back. Little ole me. Seems like every day since you kicked me out of here, I come a knock-knock-knockin', but I never get no answer. Imagine my delight when I stop by for a visit and find your door wide open. Don't get too excited. It's only temporary. I need your help. Oh, do tell. The reason I've been getting those headaches, it's not Andie. It's this creep who's following her around. I know all about it. Max and me, we've gotten real close. Well, I guess that shouldn't surprise me. I was a bit of a Peeping Tom in my day. But that boy, he takes it to a whole new level. He's crazy. Well, seeing as you guys are such good pals, how do I get him to leave? Best to let the dead deal with their own. Ed, you said you wanted to help me. Here's your chance. Tell me what to do. There might be one thing that will work... little trick I picked up over here. But I can't do it by myself. I need your help. You ready to walk on the wild side? - Thanks for coming over so quickly. - Sure. I still don't get why we can't talk at the bar, though. Right, that. Uh... You know how you said your house was a fortress? Mm-hmm. So is mine, but the locks are a little different. I'm not keeping people out. I'm keeping out ghosts. - Ghosts? - Mm-hmm. I see them. I hear them. Sometimes they send me a message, and sometimes they just show up. But if I don't want them in my house, I can block them. And I'm blocking one in particular right now, because I need this conversation to be private. Okay. - You think I sound crazy. - A little. Just try and keep an open mind. Uh... Are you planning a trip to California to see the redwoods? My mom called and suggested it last night, and... How... how did you know? Max Geoghan told me. No, no, no! Max Geoghan is dead! Yeah, he is. But he's... he's still here. Most people would say that he's haunting you, but I think we can call it what it really is, Andie. You are still being stalked. Why should I believe you? Because I think you already know what I'm saying is true. You know he is still here. He says you do these cleansing and protection spells every week to try and get rid of him. I thought I was just... paranoid or losing my mind, but I... I do still feel him watching me. Yeah. What do I do? How do I get rid of him for good? I think I can help you. But you have to do exactly what I tell you. That's enough of that. Mrs. Salonga. We met the other day. Don't you have better things to do than harass a grieving family? Go find the man who tried to kill my husband. That's exactly why we're here. We need you to come with us, answer some questions. - I can't leave my son. - We'll bring him with us. A social worker can watch him while we talk. Gabe. I'll get him. Mrs. Salonga, I'll get him. I don't understand what this is about. We'll explain everything at the precinct. Gabe, it's Detective Asante. We met the other day, remember? That bobblehead, is that yours? It's Gabe's. Asante! Leave my mother alone! Gabe! Gabe! Off! Get off! Gabe! - Glad you could make it. - I know, right? You and I need to talk. I got nothing to say to you. Andie went to your house. She was there for an hour, but I couldn't get inside. My own version of a restraining order. Then she went to her storage unit, took out a bunch of boxes... the ones with all the paperwork from the court and the notes and the gifts that I sent her. Then she brought them back to you. Why would you tell her to do that? It's none of your business. Everything about Andie is my business. Get out of my way. And what if I don't? You better take something for that headache. Gabe, do you understand this is a custodial interrogation? Attorney Lee is here to protect your rights. And anytime you wanna stop talking, you just let me know, okay? Okay. Gabe, were you mad at your dad? No. I like my dad all right. My mom was mad, though. She's mad at everybody all the time. What happens when your mom gets mad? She yells and cries. She says mean things. What kind of things? She says I'm worthless and I don't love her. I say I do, but she doesn't believe me. Sometimes she says she's going to "end it all". She asks me for help, and I say yes, just so she'll shut up. Then she forgets about it for a while. This time, she didn't forget. What did your mom want you to do? Hurt the people who were making her unhappy. Like Mrs. Stern? Mom said Dad wanted to come home. Mrs. Stern ruined it. And what about Mr. Stern? Yeah. That was a mistake. When Mom helped me climb over the gate, she didn't tell me which car. You thought you rigged Mrs. Stern's car? How did you even know how to do that, Gabe? My dad taught me about cars. We fix them up, all kinds. Mom kept saying when Mrs. Stern was gone, Dad would come home and she'd be happy. I should have known that was a lie. She's never happy. And Dad was never coming home. Gabe... did you rig your dad's office? That was Mom. I like Dad. But I told her how. This is where it happened. He grabbed me right over here... And that's where he fell. Let's set up. Write his name on the back of this. Go and find a quiet spot and just think about Max. Think about everything he did to you. That'll help drive the spell. A banishing spell? Is that all you've got? I told you already: they don't work. I know. I just needed to get you up here. Apparently, it's easier if you're in the spot where you died. Easier for what? For him. Hey, buddy. Hey, man, nothing personal. You understand. Cassie, I think it worked. I think he's gone. I feel lighter... like a weight is off my chest and I can breathe. Finally, I can breathe. He is gone for good this time. Thank you. Like I said before, best let the dead deal with their own. You're welcome, Cottontail. Do you wanna grab a bite before I drop you off? I'd like that. Vera Salonga has been booked. So far, she's not talking. And the DA said with Gabe's testimony, they should be able to convict her in attempted murder on the attack of her husband and conspiracy in the Stern murders. They're still debating whether or not to try Gabe as an adult. What kind of mother convinces her son to commit murder? It's called maternal narcissism. In Mrs. Salonga's case, it manifest itself as extreme emotional neediness. The kid was desperate to make his mother happy. She made it clear the only way for him to do that was to kill for her. Can he be rehabilitated? Once the break with his mother is complete, maybe. Gio says he loves his son... gonna stand by him. _ It's Sally's doctor. Excuse me. Yeah? Damien, I'm taking your Harvard sweater with me. - Don't say no. - What? I didn't hear you. I said, I'm taking your... What? I'm taking your college sweater. Oh. Yeah, I know where it is. - I'll get it for you. - Got it. I'm flying up to Seattle next week to see you. - I like the sound of that. - Mm. Hey. Excuse me. Dr. Sarno to Oncology Research. Dr. Sarno to Oncology Research. Hey. I hope it's okay I came over. Tom told me. Yeah, I was... I was with her when, uh... She's gone. I'm so sorry. I thought I was prepared, but I wasn't. I guess I was still hoping, you know, that... that she'd come out of it, that she'd be all right. I saw her. She was packing clothes for Seattle... your college sweater. It was in the drawer where I'd hidden the ring. I... I was so afraid that she'd find it. She did find it. But she pretended she hadn't, so you could surprise her. Thank you for telling me. I can stay a while, if you want. Yeah. Watch an all new Elementary, Thursday on Global. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 