The InBetween: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The InBetween 
 s1e4 - Kiss Them for Me - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The InBetween (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Kiss Them for Me - full transcript 
 Tom and Damien track a mysterious killer who has targeted several kids at the same high school. Cassie tries to help a woman solve her own death while her anxious family waits for news about her disappearance. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "The InBetween"... I see ghosts. I hear them. Sometimes they send me a message, and sometimes they just show up. When your mom was going through this, she had ways of trying to block it out - that were not healthy. - I'm not her. - Who's Sally? - My fiancée. At least she was gonna be. She fell into a coma. I'm waiting for her to come back to me. I saw something, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and I think it might be related to your case. Cassie has certain abilities that can be very helpful. What she sees is incredibly rough on her. Let me out of here! Let me out of here! No, no, no, no, no! No! Help! No! Please, somebody help me! Help! Help! It's in the squad car, right? - I believe so. - All right. - All right, bye. - Okay, Dr. Ronson, thanks for calling. I'll be there to see her soon. - Everything okay? - That was Sally's doctor. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Is there a change in her condition? She's in what they call a minimally conscious state. The hospital has been running tests, measuring her brain waves. They say there's fluctuation in her activity. Is that a good sign? They tell me to be cautiously optimistic. I'll keep a good thought. Appreciate it. Well, Cassie just called. She said she saw something at work: a tall, faceless man in a black cloak burying her alive. Man, you said these things were rough on her. We've got a home invasion on Spring Street. The owner, Evan Miller, and his son, Michael, were shot to death. The wife, Barbara Miller, came home from a business trip this morning and found the bodies. Unis upstairs have searched the whole place. Doesn't look like anything of value was taken. This wasn't a robbery. Well, it's not a murder-suicide. There's no weapon near the body. There's no note. Amy, do you have a time of death? I'd say between 7:00 and 11:00 p.m. Going by the size of the holes in them, my best guess for the weapon was a 12-gauge shotgun. So they were just sitting here when someone came in shooting. Give me a count when you got it! I can't believe this is happening. If you could think back to just before you entered the house. Uh, I let myself in the front door. I thought Evan would be in the kitchen making breakfast for Michael, so I headed back, and that's when I saw... I saw that... Your husband was a defense attorney. Any problems at work? Over the years, people have made threats. Nothing ever came of them. But he... he just wrapped a case defending a man accused of manslaughter. Evan convinced the jury to acquit and... and the victim's brother was... was furious. Dean... Dean Smith was his name. He called the house a few times. Evan's car was vandalized. Did your husband file a report with the police? No, no, he said people working out their grief on him, that was part of the job. But even if this man hated my husband enough to kill him, why'd he kill Michael? We're sorry for your loss, Mrs. Miller. Yes, Dean Smith. He did six years for armed robbery back in '09. He's been clean since? Yeah, but here he is three weeks ago at the sentencing hearing for his brother's killer. Then they rightly acquitted him. You son of a bitch! I hope you lose your family, man! I hope it happens to you! Bring him in. What the hell is this all about? This is about Evan Miller. Whatever he said, he's a liar. He's not saying anything right now, Dean, because he's been murdered. You know anything about that? Not sorry that he's gone, but I didn't kill him. And if I were you, I'd be looking at his son for this. - You mean Michael. - Yeah. - That kid's a psycho. - In what way? Last week, I keyed Evan Miller's car, maybe slashed the tires. Kid caught me doing it. He did this. You're saying Michael hit you. Yeah, he wailed on me. Cracked three ribs. We're going to need to know your whereabouts for last night. I was at my mom's. Interesting Barbara Miller didn't mention her son's encounter with Dean Smith. Maybe she didn't know about it. Perhaps she doesn't want us to know about Michael's violent streak. Hey! Someone help me! Please, you have to do something! Why won't anybody help me? Oh! Do you... do you see me? This is really nice of you. I mean, we don't even know each other. I haven't done anything yet. Do you know what happened to you? Something terrible. I think, uh... I think I may have been murdered. But my husband, Rick, and my daughter, Kaitlyn, they don't even know yet, and somebody needs to tell them. I can't believe Michael and his father are dead. How long have you been a guidance counselor at Thompson, Dr. Kelly? A little over three years. In that time, how often was Michael Miller sent to your office for behavioral issues? Honestly, uh, at least twice a month. Sounds like he was a problem. Uh, Michael had issues with impulse control. He was prone to outbursts. He would be disrespectful to his teachers, harass other students, disrupt classes. I had suggested to his parents he needed professional help. They didn't follow through? Well, the thing about Michael is, even though he was a bit of a bully, he was, uh... he was a popular kid: athletic, handsome, confident. Girls liked him, his grades were good, but the situation changed in recent weeks. Michael came to me several times on his own, and he said he was scared. He was convinced he was being followed. Did he say by who? Uh, that's the weird part. Michael said it wasn't a person. It was something supernatural, evil, a... a tall man dressed in black. The man had no face. Michael called him Mr. Nightfall. The figure that Michael Miller described sounds like whatever Cassie saw, right? Except that whoever murdered Michael and Evan Miller is probably a person, not a mythical creature. Don't tell me you believe Mr. Nightfall is real. A month ago, I didn't believe people could talk to the dead either. Bad news? Another family's been killed. Another one from this angle. - How many? - Three so far. Sam and Lisa Collins were killed in their bedroom. Their son Pete was here watching TV when he was shot. We're still trying to find the youngest child, Kip, eight years old. Same weapon, 12-gauge shotgun. Which unis found in the yard. Did the ME give a time of death? Same time frame as the Millers. So he killed the Millers first, then he came here. Dumped the shotgun on his way out. Or maybe dropped it. I mean, he tossed this place. Jewelry, laptops, antique silver, all gone. Hey, we searched the house. Kip Collins isn't here. Well, we have to find that kid. Maybe he's at a friend's place. I'll put out an Amber Alert and start making calls off the mom's contacts. Where's the parents' bedroom? Upstairs to the left. Shh, shh. Hello there, Kip. Listen, I know something terrible has happened, but I'm a police officer. I'm here to help you. Listen, do you think you can come out of there so I can take you someplace safe? Here you go. Here you go. Okay, we're gonna walk out of here now, all right? And I want you to keep your eyes closed. Don't you peek until I say it's okay. Hey, kid, what's up? I just have a quick favor. What do you need? Could you look up a name for me? - Sure. - It's Edina De Forest. All right, deceased? Never mind, I know the answer to that. She says she's been murdered. Well, so far, she's only listed as a missing person. That's her. She left her home three days ago to grocery shop and never returned. Missing Persons is on it. But when Missing Persons finds her body, it might end up being your case anyway, right? Well, there are a lot of precincts in the city. I just hate the idea that her family is sitting there worried, waiting for her to come home. She told me all about her daughter and her husband, how close they are. We'll see what we can do. Thank you. I appreciate it. I just got off the phone with the hospital. Kip Collins is in shock and he is not talking but otherwise, he seems unharmed. So they say they're gonna contact me the minute he's ready to be interviewed. In the meantime, how close are we to finding this guy? There's no recent home invasions in the Pacific Northwest that match this MO. Two families in one night. If he's on a spree, he's gonna hit another house soon. Well, hopefully Kip heard or saw something that'll help us identify this killer. Although, the part of me that's not a cop really hopes he didn't. We got a hit. Unis picked up someone trying to sell one of Lisa Collins' stolen rings to drivers on the Magnolia Bridge overpass. They're holding the suspect at the scene. Call ahead. Tell them we're on our way. I didn't rob nobody. I found it. Where? The ring was just lying there on the ground. Have you seen anyone around here you don't recognize? Nope. It's clear. Anything else? Senior class dog tags. Michael Miller and Pete Collins went to Thompson. I'll send it down to Forensics. Maybe they can ID it. The boy's cleared to be interviewed. Well, why don't you go talk to him? I'll get a team to search these dumpsters, and maybe I can give Cassie an assist on that missing person. Sounds good. Did Edie mention they were selling their house? No. All right, I'll talk to the husband. - You wait here, okay? - Okay. Mr. De Forest, Detective Asante. Yes, uh, is there news about Edie? No, sir. No news. I just wanted to ask you a few questions. Yeah, of course. Uh, come in. You with the cops? Uh, sorta. Are you Kaitlyn? I'm Cassie. I'm a new friend of your mom's. I'm looking for her. Well, you're wasting your time. She'll come back when the cash runs out. I don't understand. Wow, you're her friend, and you don't even know her deal. Well, I guess not. The more you tell me, the more I can try to help. Three years ago, my mom was an interior designer. She liked to cook and listen to '90s rock. She was a regular person. Then one day, she slipped on that stupid step and broke her ankle. The doctors prescribed her pain medication. She became addicted? Four rehabs, nothing worked. Five, I guess, if you count the last one, and now we're going to lose our house. My mom, her drug of choice was alcohol. Is she okay now? She never kicked it. This last time, my mom was clean for six months. It's the longest she's ever... and then on Sunday, she went to the grocery store. Then hours passed, a day. Me and my dad, we knew that it started again. Anyway... No, I asked him, but he didn't give it to me. Really? I wonder why. I think he wants to keep it till he finds... The husband was pretty broken up, but he thinks she's alive and just using again. So does Kaitlyn. Edie is sure she was murdered. That's what she told me. But did she say how or by who? She doesn't remember. That happens sometimes. Well, here's the thing: Edie had a life insurance policy, enough cash to get out of the financial hole they're in. If she's not coming home to her family... Then maybe she can save them from losing their house. The policy won't pay out unless there's proof she's dead, a body. Okay. Thanks for your help. Hey, all right, yeah, I just finished up. I will. Listen, I'm gonna stop by the store on the way. - Freak. - Pizza face. - What a loser. - Mama's boy. What a nerd. - Little mouse. - You gonna cry? Dr. Bingham, 2356. Dr. Bingham, 2356. Can you tell me what you remember about last night? You know, that was a pretty smart idea you had hiding the way you did. I bet you play there a lot, right? Jump out, surprise your brother. Mom would get mad. She said there were spiders, but I never saw any. When did you run and hide last night? I was asleep, and I heard a bang. I got up and peeked in the hall, and he was coming up the stairs. Dr. Hoffman, please report to Radiology. Dr. Hoffman, report to Radiology. Kip, did you see his face? No, but I know who it was. Pete and his friends were talking about him. At first they thought it was funny, but then they got scared. Why was that? He was mad at them for something they did. He was coming for them. Who was coming for them, Kip? Mr. Nightfall. Detectives, Ralph Switzer. I'm the principal here, at Thompson High. How can I help you? We're here about Michael Miller and Pete Collins. It's a terrible thing. What can you tell us about them? They were your average 17-year-olds, popular, good students. Have you heard any kids talking about someone named Mr. Nightfall? No, sounds like a video game. Apparently, it was all in good fun at first, ghost stories around the campfire. Recently, it took a more sinister turn. Yeah, we heard rumors that kids were saying that Mr. Nightfall was coming to get them for something they did. Any idea what that might be? I'm not sure what you mean. Michael Miller was a... a... a bit of a bully, wasn't he? Were there any incidents lately, any fights at school? Maybe one kid in particular he would've targeted? Now, I can't say for sure this is related, but Bradley Tennant. He was another student here, took his own life last month. Just a terrible tragedy. Did Michael and his friends pick on him? Well, I can't say Bradley ran with the cool crowd, but whatever you may have heard, we have a zero-tolerance policy for bullying. When was the last time you saw Bradley with someone from the cool crowd? That would be at the last school social. The theme was a masked ball. I saw Bradley with Tiffany Evers. We can show ourselves out. - Okay. - Thank you. The last time Cassie saw Mr. Nightfall was at a dance, a masquerade ball. We need to talk to Bradley Tennant's parents. Any news? None of it good. What do you mean? Is it my family? Are they handling it badly? Kaitlyn is so sensitive. She must be so scared. Kaitlyn is angry, Edie. They think you're on a bender and you'll be home in a few days. You didn't tell me that you're an addict. Because I've been clean for six months, six of the hardest months of my life, but I did it. I would never risk going back. Look, something happened to me, something terrible. But I was not using, and Kaitlyn needs to know that. She needs to know that I didn't choose drugs over her! Please! Then you have to remember. You have to remember what happened. We need to find your body. That's the only way they can even begin to heal. I have been trying to remember. I know that I was picking up groceries, but not from our usual store. I went to this Asian market a few miles away. I wanted to make something nice for Rick. He's been so supportive. But the garage there is scary and dark, and I never liked it. But I think that's where I was when it happened. I'm not sure how information about Bradley will help solve these murders, but what do you need to know? Well, Mr. Tennant, did Bradley ever talk about Michael Miller or Pete Collins? No. Bradley didn't have many friends. He was so smart. He skipped fifth and ninth grade altogether. Some of the kid used to... tease him because he was smaller and younger and had different interests. Principal Switzer said Bradley went to the school dance with a girl named Tiffany. He had helped her get an A in their group project in their history class, and he was excited when she asked him. But I guess it didn't go well. Something happened there, something he wouldn't talk about even with us. And after that night, he changed. He had nightmares. He didn't want to leave the house. Did Bradley ever mention the name Mr. Nightfall? The girl, Tiffany, do you have a photo, by any chance? Yeah, we... we made them pose for one picture before they left. Thank you. Thank you so much for coming in. What do you think of that? In high school, I wouldn't have gotten a date with that girl, and I was captain of the basketball team. This is my car. Why did you park up here? It's so far from the store. Oh, this place is a madhouse on Sundays. The spots fill up fast. But I remember now. A black SUV pulled up right next to me, which I thought was odd. There were spaces closer to the elevator. And when I turned to put the bags in, I heard the SUV's back door open. That's all I can remember. Who are you calling? The cops. This is evidence of a crime. I'll send a team over to bring it in. Thanks. Cassie found Edie De Forest's car. I hope that girl is not going all Miss Marple on us. - Nancy Drew. - What? You mean Nancy Drew. So we understand Tiffany Evers invited Bradley Tennant to the school dance. Was that typical of her to reach out to the less popular kids in her class? That would be a no. She and Bradley were as far apart on the social spectrum as you can get. Any idea why she would ask him to the dance then? It wasn't for any altruistic reason, I can tell you that. Listen, I'm a parent. I know how kids are these days. Tiffany, she's a... she's a mean girl. Her senior year will probably be the high point of her life. Tiffany, this is Detective Hackett and Detective Asante. They have some questions for you. Her parents said it's okay to talk to her. Thank you. Please? We'll be right outside if you need us. Thank you, sir. Is this about Michael and Pete? No, this is about Bradley Tennant. Bradley, what about him? We know you asked him to the dance, and we know it wasn't because you were his friend. He was in my history class. I felt sorry for him, and I thought... No, no, no, no, no. We're not gonna waste time like that. Bradley is dead. Two families have been murdered. We want the truth. Hey, it's okay. You can tell us. What did you and your friends do to Bradley? - It wasn't me. - Then who was it? Names. Michael Miller and Pete Collins. Michael and I dated last year. He had some pictures of me. He said that he would blast them out to the whole school if I didn't get Bradley to the dance. What happened when you got there? Michael and Pete, they... they took Bradley out to the woods, and they were gonna summon Mr. Nightfall. What does that mean, they wanted to summon Mr. Nightfall? I don't even know. Mr. Nightfall was just a story the guys made up, and then they kept adding to it all these terrible things Mr. Nightfall could do, you know? But after Bradley killed himself, Mr. Nightfall started bursting us. What is bursting? It's a messaging app. Deletes anything you send or receive after 20 seconds. So you and your friends received real-life threats from a fictional character you all made up? I tried to tell my parents, but they didn't believe me. The messages disappear so fast. Thank you very much. Much appreciated. Anytime, detectives. Thanks. Zayn will be able to crack this Burster app. We'll find out who's sending the texts. We find that person and, uh... we find our killer. So someone's using a ghost story to pick off high school bullies as revenge for this kid's death. I mean, it sounds like a plot of a horror movie. Young killers will often attribute their actions to an alter ego or imaginary construct. It's a way to excuse what they know is criminal behavior. How many students attend this school? Over 1,200. Well, how are we supposed to find a needle in that haystack? By setting a trap. That app the kids are using makes tracking old messages back to their source impossible, so I set up a honeypot. If Mr. Nightfall reaches out to Tiffany again, we can backtrack and identify his device. Whoa, please tell me we are not using Tiffany as bait. The Evers family is in protective custody. All right, well, let's bag us an urban legend. Still working the home invasions? Hmm, we just set a trap for your tall, hooded night creature. For real? Yes, but that's not why we called. We found fingerprints on the driver's door of Edie's car. Ran it through our system and got a match: Otis Walker. You think he took her? Honestly, kiddo, we think he sold to her. Of course this guy's a drug dealer. Arrested half a dozen times for possession with intent to distribute, opioids a specialty. She met him there so she could score. You okay? Yeah, I'm fine. I just... I feel like an idiot, believing her when she said she was clean. Happens to the best of us. You'd think I'd know better, given my history. Thanks, anyway. Her mother had substance abuse issues. Yeah, she mentioned that. We got a hit. Mr. Nightfall just sent Tiffany's phone a message, and we tracked the sender. - Who is it? - Eric Vaughn. He's a senior at Thompson High, and, get this, the Vaughns reported their shotgun was stolen three days ago. I'll drive. Eric Vaughn. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I didn't kill them. Why would you assume that's why we're here? Where's your senior dog tag, Eric? I, uh, I... I lost it. Let's go. I swear to God, I didn't kill anyone. Detectives, my son is not a murderer. Eric sent threatening texts to Michael Miller and Pete Collins days before they were killed. I just wanted to scare them, but that's all I did. I swear! None of this makes sense. What motive could Eric possibly have to kill anyone? Bradley Tennant, he was your friend. You blamed Michael and Pete for Bradley's death, didn't you? Bradley was scared of all that Mr. Nightfall stuff and they saw they were getting to him, so they amped it up. Amped it up, how? The school dance. They got Tiffany to invite him, they took him out to the woods, they put him in a coffin, they nailed the thing shut, dropped it in a hole, and then threw dirt on top. They left him there for an hour! By the time they finally let him out, he thrown up on himself. He'd wet his pants. They laughed and took photos! They told him not to tell anyone or else they'd do worse! You should've told me, Eric. I didn't want anyone to know either. Why not? I guess the whole thing was my fault. How, Eric? What did you do? Bradley didn't care whether or not he was popular, but I was tired of being a loser. So when Michael said they wanted to pull a prank on Bradley, I said I could help. I... I told him Bradley had a thing for Tiffany. I, uh... I was his friend, and I... I should've stopped them. I... but I didn't... So you decided to take revenge. I just sent the texts, I swear. I... I even stopped when I heard about Michael and Pete. Not true, Eric. You sent Tiffany Evers a text today. That's how we traced your phone. I swear I didn't. Yeah? Finally heard back from Forensics. The shotgun left at the Collins home is the same one reported stolen by the Vaughns. Eric Vaughn, you're under arrest. - For what? - For murder. Hey. What's wrong? What's wrong is, you lied to me, Edie. What? You weren't murdered. You weren't clean when you died. Otis Walker. Ring a bell? That's my old dealer. You met him at that garage so you could score. No, I owed Otis money, a lot of money. He wouldn't float me drugs even if I wanted them, which I didn't. Then why were you there with him? He kept calling. He wanted his cash and I didn't have it and I told him if he didn't stop harassing me that I was gonna go to the cops. He must've followed me to the market. He must've killed me to shut me up. Stop! Just stop talking! Why don't you believe me? Because you're an addict, and addicts lie! And the people who love them, we want to believe. We want to believe so much that we ignore the clues that are right in front of us. Like that market you went to on Sunday, that's just a few blocks from Northgate Street. You and I both know what happens on Northgate, right? People go there to get high. And that's where you'd go, isn't it? You'd leave your family. You wouldn't come home because you did not want them to see you, not like that. I was fighting. I was fighting so hard. But your soul was not your own. Now you can take it back. Tell me where to find you. Will you ask them, please, that they remember me the way that I was before? Will you make sure that Kaitlyn knows how much I love her? I will. No! Let go of me! Get off of me! Damn it! Get off! Okay, bye. Hey. That was Cassie. She found Edie De Forest's body. Missing Persons detectives are gonna inform the family. That'll being them a little closure, at least. Yeah. There's something else? She said she saw Mr. Nightfall again burying a kid in a coffin but not Bradley. What, another victim? The person she described is the spitting image of Eric Vaughn. Vaughn. What's that all about? Tell me something: if you profiled a shooter for these crimes, would Eric fit the bill? On paper, maybe. Disaffected, depressed, teenaged male, driven by guilt to lash out at the people responsible for his friend's death. But it would take a special breed of killer to blow away five people in one night and then turn up for school the next morning as if nothing had happened. Sitting in the room with Eric, I wasn't feeling it. - But the evidence... - Yeah, the evidence. Mrs. Collins' ring by the dumpster, leading us to Eric's dog tag, even the shotgun in the Collins' back yard, everything right where we needed it to be. The last text Tiffany received, the one that lead us to Eric, he said he stopped sending messages by then. Yeah, exactly. He admitted to sending the others. Why not that one? Zayn, is it possible for someone to send a text with that Burster app but make it look like it came from Eric Vaughn's phone? Maybe if the phone was cloned. - Let me get into it. - Thanks. Have you two been here all night? For good reason. It doesn't look like Eric Vaughn is our killer. We just spoke to the Vaughns' cell company. They found a discrepancy between the ESN of Eric's phone and the radio fingerprint of the last text sent to Tiffany through Burster. So it wasn't really from Eric's cell phone. It came from a laptop issued by Thompson High School. Dr. Kelly. Turn around. Place your hands behind your back. We've spoken with Eric Vaughn. He tells us he went to your office couple of days after Bradley's suicide because he was feeling guilty about his part in the prank. And you weren't very sympathetic, according to him. You confiscated his phone for the day. Eric was using that phone to terrorize Michael and Pete instead of taking responsibility. You know, I was trying to prevent a terrible situation from spinning even more out of control. Clearly, I failed. We might buy that, except we learned that your laptop created a clone of Eric's cell phone. That clone was used to message Tiffany Evers yesterday. Why would I do that? You knew we took Tiffany's phone with us after her interview. You could have guessed we'd set a trap for the killer. And you threw Eric Vaughn right into it. Was Tiffany next on the list? Michael and Pete first, of course, take out the ringleaders and the terrible parents that raised them, and then you dress up as Mr. Nightfall so the last thing those boys see is their own nightmare creation coming back to haunt them. And then you set up Eric, Bradley's traitor, to take the blame. This is... this is ridiculous. Why in God's name would I do all of that? I hardly knew Bradley Tennant. But it wasn't revenge for Bradley you're after, was it? There was another boy you couldn't save... Your son. How did you know about Marty? We spoke to the principal of your old school in Chicago. He said Marty was a student there. Described him as curious, gifted, and kind of an outsider. A lot like Bradley. Marty told me he was being picked on by the bigger kids. It got worse and worse. I went to the parents of the bullies, the administration, begged them for help. They wouldn't do anything. Nobody was gonna help Bradley either. And what about his parents? Their lives are destroyed forever. What happened to Marty and Bradley was terrible. You think kids who are capable of that kind of cruelty grow into decent human beings? Hmm? They become the abusive parent, the psychopath boss, your daughter's rapist. I'm the only one who cared enough to do something about it. There was only me. And I have a zero-tolerance policy. Oh, looks like they're staying put. That's good news. Hey, speaking of good news, uh, Tom said there might be a change in Sally's condition. Uh, maybe. Uh, I don't wanna think about it too much. Don't wanna get my hopes up but... But what? Do you remember how I told you I had the ring but I never got the chance to ask her? Yeah. Well, the last night Sally and I were together, you know, before I took her to the airport, I slipped it in my pocket. I was gonna get down on one knee right there in the ticketing line and ask her, but I... I talked myself out of it. Just cold feet? Nah, just wanted it to be special. But now I wish I just asked her. I wish she would've gotten on that plane with the ring on her finger, knowing there was a man who loved her more than anything and wanted to spend the rest of his life with her. Yeah, so sometimes I let myself think about that, how one day this'll all be behind us like a... like a... like a bad dream and I'll ask her to be my wife. Detective Asante, welcome. Hi, uh, this is Cassie Bedford. - She... - She found Mom. Thank you. Um, can I get you something to eat? Everyone we know seems to have brought a casserole. Ah, thank you. I'm really glad you came. Yeah. I just wanted to pay my respects. I know how bad you're hurting. Most people say that, but they really don't get it. But you've been there. Does it get better? It does, a little. My mom died when I was 13, and I was so angry at her for leaving me. I didn't even try to understand what she went through, to go to war with your own brain, with your own body, for control. I thought she just gave up. I didn't appreciate how hard she fought to stay with me. Your mom, she fought as hard as she could, and she left here thinking how much she loves you. I'm trying to forgive her. It's okay to be upset, furious even, but also try to remember who she was before she started using. When I was little, we used bake cookies every Sunday and dance around in the kitchen. That's how I'm gonna try to remember her. I think she'd like that. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 