The InBetween: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The InBetween 
 s1e3 - Where the Shadows Fall - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The InBetween (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Where the Shadows Fall - full transcript 
 Cassie visits the hospital where Damien's fiancée is being treated and encounters the spirit of a young boy who needs her help. Her efforts to unravel the mystery of his death lead her to a... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My name is Cassie, and I see ghosts. Sometimes they send me a message, and sometimes they just show up. If you find yourself wanting a little help from my side, just give me a holler, and I'll come running. We're not a team. I never want to see you again. I can't believe I'm saying this, but maybe reach out to Cassie. I saw some strange stuff, and I think it might be related to your case. Who's Sally? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 My fiancée. She fell into a coma. It's like she's here, but she's gone. I can see if she'll talk to me. That'd be great. You're not going in there, are you? It's just a hospital. It'll be fine. Hospitals are always crammed full of ghosts. If you need a bodyguard to keep them off you, I'm available. Go away. Oh, come on, now. The quicker you agree to let me help you, the quicker I'll be out of your hair. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Why would you want to help me? Because I need to do some good, or I'll never get out of here. Now, I admit, I did some bad things when I was alive, and for that, I'm truly sorry. But it stands to reason if I start putting my chits in the "doing good" jar, mm, maybe folks up there will let me pass through those heavenly gates. I help you, you help me. What do you say? I say find another sucker. Think I'll tag along with you anyhow. A hospital's a dangerous place for someone sensitive. All the people who died in there, all the pain, fear, that energy... it lingers. You can see it and feel it. I can ease you past the rough spots. It's only rough at first. Once I get inside, I can figure out how to block it... most of it. Get a move on, slowpoke. Going up? Yes, alone. SRS Tech to Pediatric Oncology ward... - Hey. - Can I help you? I'm here to see Sally Bishop. Detective Asante called ahead about me. - You must be Cassie. - Yeah. Thank you. Are you friends with Detective Asante? Something like that. Well, he seems very devoted. Let me know if you need anything. - Thanks. - Yeah. I mean, like it was gonna be that easy. Oh. Was that you? Next time, warn a girl. Hey. Got you a tea. Guy said it tastes just like a Yorkshire Gold. You're not even gonna taste it? There's no way that American swill tastes like anything but weak, lukewarm, sugary piss. But I appreciate the thought. Anytime. Gentlemen, we've got a body at Woodgate Memorial. - Patient or visitor? - Staff. - Nurse fell from the roof. - Suicide? You tell me. Officer Jansen. Good morning, detectives. Morning. So, what can you tell us? Uh, the deceased is Grace Morrow, 37. She's a registered nurse. Worked at Woodgate the past two years. She was in the middle of her shift. Told her friends that she was taking a cigarette break. 20 minutes later a custodian heard a scream, came out here, and found the body. Anyone see her fall? We're canvassing, but nothing so far. Keep at it, and get somebody to pull security video from the rooftop and the stairwell, please. So what do you think, Amy? Spinal cord injuries suggest she folded on impact like a closing book. She went over backwards. That's unusual for suicide. They don't typically scream either. Check out the bruising here. Well, those look like fingertips. This is where she went over. So, if someone was up here with her, maybe they asked for a cigarette. They step up close. As she's pulling it out of the pack, they grabbed her legs and flipped her backwards over the ledge. Detectives? I'm Hal Weaver. I'm the administrator here at Woodgate. Please let him through. Thank you. Mr. Weaver. I just want to assure you that the hospital will support your investigation in any way that we can. Thank you. We appreciate that. We'll need to interview your staff, especially anyone Grace considered a friend. Vanessa Shaw, she's a nurse at Pediatric Oncology. I believe she and Grace were roommates. - How well did you know Grace? - Not very. I try to keep a professional distance with the employees. Did Grace have any problems with a staff member? Anyone that gave her a hard time? She never filed any complaints. Look, as far as I know, Grace got along with everyone. I'm sure this is just a terrible accident. We have to be thorough. You understand. Of course. Mr. Weaver, where were you when Grace fell? A board meeting... second-floor conference room. I heard a commotion, we ran outside, and that's when I saw it was Grace. Is there anything else you need? That's all for now. Thanks for your time. Thank you. Anything? Security says that the cameras in the stairwell and on the roof malfunctioned sometime this morning. There's no video. Well, that's suspicious, isn't it? Apparently it happens a lot. The staff uses the roof as a kind of unofficial clubhouse. People even come up here to fool around. And that's when they knock out the cameras. Let's talk to Grace's roommate. Maybe our victim was meeting someone. Pediatric physician's assistant, please call 5300. Any attending technician to third floor Radiology, please. Any attending technician to third floor Radiology. Hello? Hello? Hello? Who's there? Hey. Where are you going? Hey, there. Do you want me to come with you? Please don't be like the kid from "The Ring." The basement. Of course. I'm Cassie. What's your name? Ethan. Ethan Grant. Well, it's nice to meet you, Ethan. - What are you doing down here? - I guess I live here now. All alone? With a lady, but she doesn't like me talking to strangers. Please get me out of here. Run! Leave my boy alone! Hey. I forgot my coat. When you get downstairs, don't be alarmed if you see a lot of police around. One of the nurses had an accident. This morning? I guess she fell off the roof. This is just awful. Poor Grace. Um, h-how did it happen? We're still looking into it. Did Grace typically go to the roof to smoke? Or to get some air. Did she ever meet with anyone? She never told me his name. But I got the feeling he was married. But he works at the hospital? She said he was a big shot, so I assumed he was a surgeon. They're the most important people around here. Grace was very close to some of her patients. I'd like to break the news to them. Of course. We'll call you if we need anything else. - Thanks, Vanessa. - Thank you. Hey, I just spoke to Forensics about those cigarettes you found on the roof. Preliminary tests identified two DNA samples. Ah, any matches? There's not enough to run a full profile, but they said it's definitely a male and a female. Grace's roommate thinks she's dating a married man. Maybe a doctor. Can you start interviewing the nursing staff, please? - I'll see if I can get a name. - Thank you. Cassie? What are you doing here? I had one of my things. I came over to check it out. You must be here about the nurse. Do you know something about that? I saw a raven, and then there was some terrifying falling through space, and that is it. Got it. You should have just called me. You hate hospitals. I'm tr... trying to get a handle on it. Do you mind if I just step outside? I know you're busy, but can you do me a favor and run a name for me? It's Ethan Grant. I think he died in the hospital. Looking for something in particular? Just if there's anything suspicious about it. Okay. Yeah, we'll look into it for you. Sure, but in return, can you stay away from this place, please? The nurse's death may have been a homicide, but either way, you and hospitals... not a good mix. You don't know the half of it. - Hey. - Hey, Cassie. Ethan Grant, eight years old... he died at Woodgate two weeks ago of neuroblastoma. So he was terminal. He'd been fighting it for two years. Tom spoke with his oncologist. He says they were hoping this last round of chemo would shrink the tumor, but looks like his body just gave out... nothing suspicious. Okay, thanks. And, uh, I'm sorry I didn't get anything from Sally. Hey, thanks for trying. Yeah, bye. Neuroblastoma? Sounds like a bad one. Anything that kills children is a bad one. Hey, now, don't give me that evil eye. I never took the life of an innocent child. Pin a rose on you. In fact, I feel sorry for Ethan. Trapped down there with the basement bitch. Bad enough he got done in by... - What was it again? - Neuroblastoma. I sympathize. Now he can't even move on to his greater reward. Surely his people are waiting to welcome him on the other side. I reckon they're worried sick, wondering where he might be. What do you want? It's about what you want, Cassie girl. You want to help Ethan. And I want to help you. Because you think entry to Heaven is based on a points system? And you're in over your head on this one. What's in that basement ain't a heartbroken lover or some sad spirit waiting for closure. You can't reason with it. Can't send it gently into that good night. How do you plan to get her claws out of little Ethan so he can be free? I'll think of something. H-here's Grace's personnel file. And her activity log. Those ID badges they carry track everywhere they go and everything they do... literally everything. I spoke with several nurses who worked with Grace. None of them knew about an affair, but they all described her the same way... - sensitive. - Sensitive how? Took the deaths of her patients hard. Need a thick skin for that sort of stuff. Grace didn't have one. Some said she wasn't cut out for nursing work. But they all claimed to have liked her. Thanks. Here's something. According to Grace's log, about two weeks ago she requested a post-mortem test for a patient who died in the hospital. That seems to be the first time she's done that. - What was she looking for? - Ah, it's hard to say. I'll need someone to translate the medical jargon. But the test was never performed. Why not? Because the patient was terminal. Neuroblastoma. It was Ethan Grant. Cassie's Ethan Grant? So Ethan Grant died of terminal cancer, but a nurse at the hospital still wanted to check it out? Well, we're not sure yet. Asante's at the morgue with the M.E. decoding the medical data. But we checked Grace's schedule, and she was working on the pediatric ward the night that Ethan died, so maybe she saw something. Okay. What do you need from me? When you first mentioned Ethan, you asked us to check if there was anything suspicious about his death. - Yeah. - I'm wondering if he said anything to you about the night he died, because it's not often you get an eyewitness statement from the deceased. It didn't come up. But I can go ask. Actually, do you know what? I-I don't really want you going back to the hospital. I don't want to go back either, but I kind of have to. The truth is, Ethan is... he's trapped down there with this angry, old dead lady. She came flying at me all like, "Leave my boy alone!" Cassie, the last person that got involved with Ethan Grant is dead. We'll handle it. You're gonna handle Ethan? You're gonna go down in the basement and negotiate his release with an evil spirit? No offense, but I go this. According to this request, Grace Morrow wanted to run an ELISA test on Ethan Grant. - Why? - Not sure. The test gauges enzyme levels, so she could've been looking for several things... antibodies to certain infectious diseases, for instance. Anything that might have to do with his cancer? Not that I can think of. And according to his records, Ethan had gone through a post-surgical round of chemo shortly before he died. So his body would've been full of drugs, and his enzymes would've been all over the map. If I were you, I would check with Ethan's surgeon. Maybe Grace told him what she was looking for. Why do you think that? Because it's the same doctor who denied her ELISA request... Shane Vogel. - Dr. Vogel? - Yes, what can I do for you? We're looking into the death of Grace Morrow. Yeah, such a tragedy. She was a wonderful nurse, a wonderful person. Grace had concerns about a surgical patient that recently passed away... Ethan Grant. Yes, she was very upset when we couldn't remove all of Ethan's tumor. It was too close to several major blood vessels, so we elected to put him back on chemo to further shrink the mass. - How was it going? - Well, or so we thought. That said, his death wasn't completely unexpected. He was a very sick little boy. Did Grace tell you why she wanted an ELISA test? She didn't have any specific concerns. Seemed like more of a fishing expedition. Honestly, she just couldn't accept the fact that this bright little boy we knew was gone. Now, I am wanted in surgery. Is there anything else? No, that's all. Oh, except Grace told her roommate that she was seeing someone at the hospital, maybe a doctor on staff. Do you know who that could be? I stay away from hospital gossip. - Are you married? - Divorced. Three times. Thank you. SRS Tech to Pediatric Oncology ward. SRS Tech to Pediatric Oncology ward. She said you have to go away. Ethan, if you want to leave here, I can help you. No, she said she'll hurt us if we try to run. Who is us? We all live down here. Ah, here she comes. Ethan, what happened to you? Find Avery! Go! Ethan! Okay, thanks for letting me know. I-I'll talk to you later. Bye. - Hey. - Hey. That was Cassie. She said there are more people like Ethan in the basement, and the old lady seems to be in charge. - What does she think it means? - No idea. Tom, I just read your report, and I need some clarification. Two weeks ago, Grace Morrow asked for a post-mortem on a kid with terminal cancer. Now, do you really believe that it was related to her death? Well, she was very upset about Ethan's passing. That goes to her state of mind, but we've already ruled out suicide. Did you talk to the boy's parents? Do they think the death was suspicious? No, I called them. They were asleep at home when he passed away. But they were very complimentary about the care he got at Woodgate. But you still think there's a connection? It's one of several leads we're following. I encourage you not to waste too much energy on it, okay? You know, maybe she has a point. It is possible Ethan Grant doesn't have anything to do with Grace's murder. Maybe the timing was just a coincidence. Come here. Okay, before Grace died, she was concerned about Ethan. Her death brought Cassie to the hospital, where she saw Ethan, so it's not a coincidence. Cassie wasn't at the hospital yesterday because of Ethan Grant or Grace Morrow. She was there for me. I don't understand. I have a-a girlfriend in Seattle. She's in a coma. And Cassie went to see maybe if... well, if she could talk to her. And you asked Cassie to do that? She offered. But I just... I didn't say no. Look, I just didn't want you thinking the universe was at work here when Cassie was doing me a favor. I-I know. I should have told you. Cassie's been pushing this gift away for a long time. But lately she seems to have turned a bit of a corner. She's using it to do good things, like trying to help a friend. I appreciate you telling me. But I still think that Grace's investigation into Ethan's death is what got her killed. My hunch, not Cassie's. Then we just have to prove it. Nutritionist dial 2665. Can I help you? I hope so. I'm a family friend of Ethan Grant. I just wanted to say thank you to everyone who was so kind to him while he was here. That's very nice of you. I meant to write a card. Maybe I can send a note later. Can I get the names of his nurses? He used to talk a lot about someone. I think her name was Avery. There's no nurse named Avery here. That's me. I'm Avery. Mind your business, young lady. It's okay, Carla. Cassie's with me. How did you know my name? Ethan told me. He said to keep an eye out for you. You can talk to Ethan even though he's gone? I think it's because I'm sick... neuroblastoma, same as he had. But you can see him. And you're not sick. It started for me when I was younger than you. But it just never went away. Can you help Ethan? He doesn't like it down there. None of them do. I'm trying to. But it... Did Ethan ever talk to you about the night he died? Everyone says I don't have to be scared of dying 'cause it doesn't hurt. But Ethan says they're liars and it does hurt... a lot. How did it hurt him? He said he was sleeping when it started. So he doesn't remember the beginning. But then... There was a rash on this arm. It felt like he was burning alive but from the inside. He couldn't scream. He couldn't move. Then he couldn't breathe. Ethan says that's what dying felt like. I'm gonna start charging you guys a consulting fee. Trying to establish a cause of death. Symptoms include rash, fever, paralysis. Onset was immediate. Was the rash on the arm like at an injection site? Could've been. Sounds like an allergic reaction to a drug. Maybe succinylcholine. It's a paralytic. Anesthesiologists use it to keep intubated patients still. And it's also handy for killing people. There have been several murder cases involving SUX. Usually the perp's in the medical field. Unhappy doctor injects his spouse, she dies within minutes... looks like a heart attack. What about an autopsy? Well, that's the beauty of it. The drug is essentially just a pair of bonded acetylcholine molecules which naturally occur in the body. It's pretty much untraceable. Except for an ELISA test. If you were injected with SUX, there would be elevated levels of succinic acid in your body. That's why Grace wanted to order an ELISA test on Ethan. How common is an allergic reaction? Incredibly rare. Someone tried to murder Ethan with an injection. Figured it'd look like the boy died in his sleep. But Ethan was allergic, and Grace noticed the reaction. And thank you, Amy. I'll send the bill in the mail. Double it. Why kill an eight-year-old boy, one who's already terminal? Well, the only reason I can think of is to end his misery. - But it wasn't the parents. - Then an employee? Well, if it was someone at the hospital, Ethan won't be the only victim. The ghosts Cassie saw in the basement. We could be talking about an angel of mercy. And if they've been killing patients who are already terminal, it's possible they've been doing it for years with no one suspecting. So when Grace started looking into Ethan's death... The killer knew they were about to be exposed. Exactly. They lured Grace to the roof and pushed her off. We need to identify the other victims. Let's start with the patient records. Thankfully, Grace Morrow had the foresight to mention the rash on Ethan Grant's arm before she filed the ELISA request. That was enough to get us a sealed warrant for Woodgate's medical records for the last five years. Okay, but you're talking about thousands of people, though, right? 3,000 to 5,000, actually. We need to identify the two dozen you saw in the basement. Oh. I-I know. I know. But we pulled out patients who, just like Ethan, died in the hospital alone at night, and then we separated their intake photos from their medical information. These are those. And you want me to go through the photos? Is this police procedure? You're a witness. But let's keep it to ourselves, shall we? Okay, I have to be at work in two hours. Until then, I'm yours. Where are we with the angel of mercy? Woodgate has nearly 10,000 employees. Almost a quarter of them have direct or limited access - to succinylcholine. - And the victims? Well, we're using Ethan Grant as a baseline... pulling patients who are classified as terminal but whose deaths were not expected for several more weeks. So far, we found 22 patients who fit the profile. Well, how can we narrow down the employees? Everyone has to swipe their ID passes to gain access to the drug cabinet. We're correlating employees' work schedules with patients' time of death, hoping someone ticks all the boxes. I found a match. Good afternoon. Detectives, what can we do for you? Carla Gainer, we're going to need you to come with us. - I don't understand. - What's this about? The murder of Ethan Grant. This is crazy. I barely knew Ethan Grant. I try to avoid working peds. Because it's difficult? Because I don't like children. Look, check my activity log. If I was taking SUX from the cabinet, - there'd be a record of it. - And there is. Your pass was used to withdraw 100 milligrams of SUX the day Ethan Grant died. But I wasn't even there. I remember when I heard the news about Ethan, feeling glad I'd gone home with food poisoning. Avoided that drama. Are you saying someone else used your badge? That's all I can think of, but I don't know how it could have happened. We guard those badges with our lives. Hal Weaver is a fanatic about security. We need to confirm your alibi. Call Anne Freeman, the head nurse. She'll remember, because it was a big nuisance. Grace was the only one that could cover me last minute, but she had never worked the night shift. Why not? Even though she had no seniority at Woodgate, she still got special treatment. You've reached Tom Hackett. Leave a message. Tom, it's me. I'm going through photos, and I think I found the old lady in the basement. It looks like she was a patient at Woodgate. I've never seen her before. But she wouldn't be on the pediatric ward anyway. Yeah, I figured it was a long shot. It's just if I can find out who that woman is, maybe I can figure out what she wants with Ethan and the others. Thank you for helping Ethan. It makes him feel less scared, knowing you're working so hard to get him out. And I told him if I die, I'll come and be with him so he won't be alone anymore. You're not gonna die for a long time, Avery. You shouldn't say that unless you know for sure. You're right. I'm sorry. People want to have something positive to say. They want to tell you how strong you are and how you need to fight. But they don't know how hard it is... and how you basically never feel strong. But you know what I mean. You deal with all this awful stuff, and you feel helpless and sad, but you keep trying. Cassie, if I do die and I get stuck in the inbetween... Will you help me get back out? That's a promise. I spoke to Anne Freeman. She said anytime she scheduled Grace for a night shift, she'd get a call from Hal Weaver with orders to change it. Pulling strings to get Grace the better rotation. Sounds like the kind of thing a big shot at the hospital - might do for his girlfriend. - There's more. I looked into that badge situation. And Weaver's really strict about it. He's the only one who can issue them. We should bring him in. Mr. Weaver. Hope you have a good reason for dragging me down here. When Grace was killed, you told us you were in a board meeting. But you neglected to mention there was a 15-minute break. Coincidentally right when Grace left her desk and went upstairs for a smoke. Did you call her on the hospital line to ask her to meet you? We know you and Grace were having an affair. Yes. I called Grace from the conference room, and I asked her to meet me up on the roof. - But I never made it up there. - Why not? I got cornered by the head of the board. He said that somebody had told him that I was planning to change my vote on the expansion plan which was not true. But it took 20 minutes to unwind the confusion, and by that time, Grace was dead. Who was in that meeting with you, Mr. Weaver? A couple of the directors... Wally Fitzgerald, head of the board, Katy Mead from the foundation, and Shane Vogel, head of surgery. Did Shane Vogel know about you and Grace? Shane's a friend. I confided in him, yes. Because he can keep a secret? Would you do favors for him in return? Did you ever give him extra security badges? Well, Shane's nurses were particularly careless with their badges. Several times I remember issuing a replacement badge for Carla Gainer while Shane waited. Thank you. Shane Vogel lied to us when he said he didn't know who Grace was sleeping with. He knew Hal Weaver and Grace were having an affair. We spoke with Wally Fitzgerald, head of the board. He says it was Vogel who told him Hal was gonna change his vote. Vogel wanted to keep Hal downstairs. So Vogel jams up Hal, then he goes to the roof to confront Grace about Ethan Grant. And if Grace hadn't figured out that Vogel was the killer, she might have confided in him, said she wasn't gonna drop the investigation. Well, he'd need to get rid of her before she spoke to anybody else. Can we prove Vogel is our angel of mercy? We cross-referenced him with potential victims. He operated on eight of them, including Ethan Grant. Supervised residents on another 12. Now, we think this is patient zero. Ellen Rabe... she's Shane Vogel's mother. The date of her death coincides with the first replacement badge that Hal Weaver issued for Carla Gainer. Shane Vogel ended the pain for his mom, then he got a taste for it. He knows we brought in Hal Weaver and Carla Gainer. He has got to assume we're getting close. I'll get a judge to issue an arrest warrant. Excuse me. Where's Shane Vogel? He said he had to check on a patient in Pediatrics. - Shane. - Put the needle down. I never wanted to hurt anyone. I became a doctor to help people. You do everything you can to keep them alive, and for what? Prolong their suffering? Drag out their misery? Another month? Another week? A day? It's cruel. Is that why you helped your mother, Shane? Because she was in pain? I sat with her for hours listening to her cry because it hurt so much. And then one night I saw it. It was a halo around her head, and I knew it was time. And everyone I chose had that halo because they were ready, even if no one else understood. In that room, just the two of us... we knew. You can't put me in prison, not for helping people. And I tried to tell Grace, but she wouldn't listen! Shane, I'm giving you to the count of three. One... two... - No, Shane! No! - I need a crash cart now! "Leave my boy alone." I thought she was talking about Ethan, but it was Shane. Well, even after death, some mothers will do anything to protect their child. Yeah, and I guess she's still thinking like a living person. The people Shane killed were witnesses. - They could talk. - Right. Well, she wasn't wrong. Ethan talked to you... and Avery. What if Ellen doesn't know it's over, that Shane is dead? She could still be down there holding on to them all. Going another ten rounds with the basement bitch Ding, ding. Just out of curiosity, what's your plan for the old lady? I don't have one yet. Well, I love me a good cat fight. Putting 20 on you, cottontail. I want you to go away, Ed. I mean it. You're a killer. You have no remorse for what you've done. You're not getting out of the inbetween, no matter what you do. And I don't want your help. So go. Don't come back. Ellen? Are you here? Ellen. They know about Shane. It's over. He's dead. Liar. It's the truth. But he might still be close by. If you look, maybe you can find him... help him through this. Your boy's in pain. He needs his mother. Nicely done. Look at you. Like a box of Cracker Jack, cottontail, you are just full of surprises. Where's Ethan? A-and the others? No idea. I'm just saying, I'd feel better if I'd seen a big light, you know? Heard a heavenly choir or something. But there's just nothing. Look, I'm not an expert, but if Ellen's gone, doesn't that mean the others have gone as well? I mean, she was the only thing keeping them there, right? Maybe. I just need to be sure that Ethan's okay. - I'll talk to you later. - Okay. Maybe she's not talking to you on purpose. I mean... she didn't believe this stuff... psychic abilities, communicating with spirits. Well, she wouldn't be the first person who's come around after spending a little time with me. Well, either way, I know she would ask you a million questions. How does it work? What's the best and worst part? Where does it come from? That one's easy. My mom. She had it, too. It must have made life a little easier. Not really. She hated it so much. She didn't want to understand it or deal with it. She just kept trying to make it stop. - Can you do that? - You can. If you drink yourself into a stupor. Liquor dulls the senses, right? Even the sixth one. It quiets the voices. It blurs your vision. But then it plays havoc on your actual life. She died when I was 13. That's when I went to live with Tom and Brian. Does she ever... visit you? Not once. I'm not getting anything. I'm... I'm sorry. It's okay. I'm not sure if there's anything she would tell me that I don't already know. She loves me. She knows I love her. And this terrible thing happened to us, and it's not right or fair, but... it's no one's fault. And if she does recognize the world around her now, then she knows I'm here. And I'll never leave. I'm waiting for her to come back to me. Pediatric physician's assistant, please call 5300. Pediatric physician's assistant, please call 5300. Cassie, hey. Hey. Hey yourself. - Is everything okay? - I just heard. My cancer's in remission. - Oh. - I get to go home. That is great news. Congratulations. - Thanks. - Oh. My mom's on her way. But I'm glad I could say good-bye. Yeah, me too. - Take care. - Thanks. Oh, Ethan says thank you, too. - He's all right? - Oh, yeah. They all are. Thanks for telling me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 