The InBetween: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The InBetween 
 s1e8 - While the Song Remains the Same - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The InBetween (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - While the Song Remains the Same - full transcript 
 Tom and Damien investigate the mysterious death of a vibrant young woman, while Cassie's visions reveal a complicated family story. Cassie also encounters an idol from her childhood in the InBetween and helps him right some past wrongs. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on "The InBetween"... I see ghosts. I hear them. Cassie! Sometimes they send me a message. You have to stop him. And sometimes they just show up. My daughter has certain abilities that can be very helpful. She's over here! She's still alive. But what she sees... It's incredibly rough on her. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I saw some strange stuff last night, and I think it might be related to your case. Let me out! Everybody, your attention, please. Sergeant Ballion has agreed let our task force address you before role call so that we can give you as much information as possible today before you're out on the street. As you all know, the last three years, three newlywed couples have been brutally murdered in their own homes. The man has been tortured and shot. The woman has been drowned. The killer always strikes on the same date: Today. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 This is the year that we stop him. Our team will comb the tip lines and get you the best leads you can follow up on. Bulletins have been sent to all neighborhood watch offices and HOAs. There is no question this guy stalks his victims, possibly for the 12 months leading up to each kill. So don't be too quick to dismiss reports of men and women saying they are being followed or complaints their homes have been vandalized. Everything must be checked out, especially if the complainant has been married for less than one year. We are not gonna let this guy slip through the net again. All right, let's hit the streets. We're doing everything we can. Seattle's practically on lockdown. I just hope it's enough. What smells so delicious? - Waffles. - My favorite. Go for it. Tom went into work early, so you're gonna eat his share as well as your own. Not bad news, I hope. - You mean the newlywed killer. - Yeah. So far, all is quiet. That reminds me, Tom got you a pepper spray keychain. To go with the TASER he got you when you went off to college. And the self-defense classes in high school. I was one badass freshman. I made way too much food here. You know what, think I'm gonna bring some over to the precinct later. I'm sure they'd appreciate that. Let me help you. No! Is there any way you can identify her? Maybe we could still get to her in time. I could barely make out her face just through all the water. I didn't see anything else. I'm sorry. That's all right, kid. Listen, I appreciate you calling. Bye. You made all this food. Kinda lost my appetite. He's just so stressed about this case. I just wish I could be more helpful. Hey, come on, you're doing your best. We all just want to stop this guy before he strikes again. Yeah. Which reminds me, Tom got you a present. It's a pepper spray keychain. To go with the taser he got me when I left for college. Yeah, exactly. Brian, you gave me this already. Right, of course. I'm gonna get some more coffee. Detective, is it the newlywed killer? Did he strike again? Detective, do you have any leads? - What have we got? - Jim and Shelly Edwards. Married seven months. Looks like the killer gained access when Shelly was alone Saturday afternoon. No forced entry. So she let him in just like the other victims. Husband arrived around 8:00 p.m. We think he was struck on the head as he entered the house. Restrained, tortured all night, and then shot. Shelly was drowned in their bathtub. No sexual assault, no robbery. Wallets were left full of cash. Exactly the same as the last three years. Well, not quite. This way. Looks like he got his hands free. Probably while the killer was filling the bath. Edwards managed to dial 911, but he was shot before he could tell them their address. Still gave them a chance to GPS the phone. Uniforms were here in ten minutes. A pink flower petal. In our previous murders, the killer has had time to clean up. This time, he's in a bit of a rush. Any other flowers around the house? No. Looks like a carnation. Shelly Edward's sister is here. She's in the living room. We found these, flower petals in their room. Do you think she'd let in a flower delivery man? I wanna say no, but Jim would sometimes send her a bouquet for no reason. They were happy? No problems? Not that I know of. But a few days ago Shelly and I went for coffee, and she was very anxious, looking around a lot, jumpy. I asked her what was wrong and she told me she thought someone was following her. Now, thinking back on it, there was more to it. Something she didn't want to tell me. Like she knew the guy? Maybe. I remember thinking she doesn't just look scared, she looks... guilty. It's in pretty good shape if you wanna take a look. - Melinda! - Cassie. My God! - How are you? - I'm good! Yeah, I'm okay. - It's been a long time. - Yeah. I'd love to catch up, see what you've been doing since high school. You're kind of looking at it. I get a break in about 20 minutes. Sounds great. Until then, how about a mimosa? On the house. Thank you. I'll see you in a bit. Hey, you made it. - Brilliant. - Yeah, thanks to you I'm officially consulting on this case. Damien, right? Good to see you again. - Same here. - Manny worked these murders since day one. We could use his experience. Biggest regret was taking retirement with this bastard still on the loose. Mind if I walk the scene? Sure. I'll stay and take you through. Meet you back at the precinct. Sounds good. Hey. So we're, shorthanded today, so I really only have five minutes, but... what if we got lunch later this week? I'd like that. It is really good to see you. For what it's worth, I still feel awful about the way I acted back in school. Cass. You were going through a hard time. You'd just lost your mom. I know, but... you tried to be there for me and II just cut you off. I'm really sorry. Now I feel like a jerk. I knew you worked here when I came in. Okay. I wanted to talk to you about something. About what? Do you remember, um... sophomore year when Craig Hasler died? Sure. It was a brain aneurysm. Yeah. Maybe a week later you, me, some of the other girls decided to contact him on a Ouija board. Nothing was happening, and then suddenly, you started to... freak out. You said that you could see Craig. I mean, the other girls were pissed. They thought you were just trying to scare them, but... You were the only one who believed me. I was your best friend. Yeah. And after that is when you stopped speaking to me. I should have been more honest about what was going on with me. And the truth is, it's still kind of complicated. Would it be okay if we talked about it later when we have more time? - Yeah, of course. - Yeah. Of course, I didn't mean to upset you. You're engaged? Yeah, I was. She had a car accident. We had had an argument. I don't even remember what it was about, but... Jenna... was driving home. She called me to apologize. Sheshe said, "There's something I want you to know." Something important." But before she could... It has been two years. I cannot take this ring off of my finger. I can't stop thinking about what she wanted to tell me that night. Is she trying to get through to me? It's just that I... can't hear her. But maybe I can. So you want me to try to talk to her? You can say no... But please don't. Of course. I mean, I can try. Thank you. Thanks. Ballistics are in. Our victim, Jim Edwards, was shot with the same weapon as the previous three husbands: A .22 caliber. Well, our killer's consistent, I'll give him that. Always seemed odd to use such a small gun. I mean, why not a .38, a .44? Well, a .22 makes less racket, still gets the job done close range. Where are we? Forensics is still processing the apartment. We found a carnation petal at the scene. Uniforms are canvassing the local flower shops. I've gotta update the mayor's office in 20. Any new insights? I've been reviewing the files, putting together a profile of the killer. He's all about power and control. Rituals are clearly important. He's detail-oriented... Meticulous, even. But here's what's tripping me up: Usually, when a couple is murdered, one gender is obviously the real target. David Berkowitz, for example, shot couples parked in cars, but his motivation was anger towards women for rejecting him. With this guy, I... I'm not so sure. He spends hours with the women before the husband comes home. Now, if she is the primary target, he could just kill her and leave, never even deal with the man. Only the husbands are tortured. The real point is having them together so they can see what the other is going through. Maybe he was engaged, married. Ended badly. Wife might have left him for another guy. So the female victim's a surrogate for the bride he lost and the husband represents the man who stole her away. I went through the victim's calendars, and get this, Shelly Edwards has the same notation every Thursday at 6:00 p.m. Which is... "NWSG." That's it? Just an acronym? No address, no notes. Did you ask the sister about this? No one close to her seems to know what it is. And the first entry is six months ago. That's right after the Edwards were married. Do you remember NWSG with any previous murder? - No, it's new to me. - But anything that might have to do with their wedding is worth looking into. I agree. Let me know what you find. I'll be right back. - "Ashley." - That's what it read. - First name, last name? - I couldn't tell. But you're positive it's connected to our case? Well, from all the slashing that went on and the drowning earlier, yeah. Yeah, I'm positive. Anyway, I'm gonna go home. I'll let you know if I see anything else. - Thanks, kid. - Yeah. There's never been a victim or a witness on this case before named Ashley. If our killer was abandoned by a fiancée at some point, her name could be Ashley. - Hey, Hackett? - Yeah. I've got something. There are no security cameras on the Edwards' block, but I pulled up as much footage as I could from the places they frequent. And I found this. So the sister was right. Shelly did know the guy that was following her. Yeah, the sister also said Shelly was acting guilty. Maybe she was having an affair. Is there more than one encounter? Yeah, he was persistent. This is Shelly's fitness studio. I put it through the DMV facial recognition software Clay Rollins. Does he have a record? Mostly petty stuff, but he did 13 months for domestic battery on his ex-wife. Let's bring him in. How did you know Shelly? We used to date in college, but it wasn't anything serious. Then why do we have you on security tape harassing her the week before she was murdered? I wasn't harassing her. I ran into Shelly about four months ago. We went for a drink and she started telling me that she wasn't happy. Marriage was more complicated than she thought, blah, blah, blah. I've been married before, so I gave her some advice. - You said you had a drink. - Yeah. - Where? - The bar at Columbia Hotel. At what point in the evening did you decide to take your conversation upstairs to one of the rooms? We didn't. That particular night we had sex in my car. How long were you seeing each other? Couple of months. We'd get together once a week or so. She had a standing Thursday night appointment. Was that you? No, Thursdays I play poker. - We need to check your alibi. - You can have at it. Digsy's Poker Palace in Georgetown. I'm a regular. You do a lot of gambling for a guy on parole, Clay. Look, Shelly and I had a thing. She ended it, I tried to change her mind. - That is it. - Why'd she end it? She had this crazy reason. Someone left a bunch of flowers at her work and she thought it was me being cute. She was pissed. I don't blame her. Yeah, but that's the thing... It wasn't me. Did she say what kind of flowers they were? Pink carnations. I remember that bouquet, sure. It was about two weeks ago. I was pulling into the parking lot and I saw a guy just leaving them by the back door. Was there a card? No, nothing, so I brought them in and told Shelly about it when she got in. But she wasn't happy. Did she seem frightened? More annoyed than anything. I said maybe they were from her husband, and she said Jim knew better. He'd send roses, not carnations. She went around asking all the instructors if they were expecting flowers, and everyone said no, so she tossed them in the trash and that's the last I heard of it. Could you describe the guy? He was pretty far away but, um, white, tall, average build. Was he driving a car? I'm not sure, but after he dropped the flowers I heard a motorcycle start up around the corner. Jenna. Jenna. If you have a message for Melinda, you can tell me. We've checked with as many friends and relatives of the former victims as we can find asking about mysterious flower deliveries prior to the murders. Debra Carpenter's mother said she thinks maybe carnations were dropped off to Debra's office about a month before the murders. But, I mean, without card they just assumed it was a mistake. Everyone else says they didn't know anything about any flowers, or they've forgotten. That's a lead I'd have followed up on like a bloodhound... Nobody ever mentioned that. Well, no one realized it was important. I mean, Shelly Edwards only mentioned it because she thought the flowers were delivered by Clay Rollins. And with no card, it's possible the other two victims didn't get flowers. For the killer, it's just about the ritual of leaving them. It's all about the game. - Why pink carnations? - I did a little research. Apparently, they are symbolic of a woman's love. Maybe, but women don't like 'em. I mean... Well, they mean something to the killer. He delivered flowers to Shelly Edwards at work, and Jim Edwards had a carnation petal in his hand. He's bringing flowers to the murder scene and taking them with him when he goes. Okay, listen, I suggest we release this information to the press. We've gotta set up a tip line for any random flower drops. Okay, I'll work on it. Good work, guys. I stayed on the road for another hour trying to talk to Jenna, but she couldn't hear me. The accident just kept happening. Over and over. It's like she's caught in... some kind of death echo. Is that like a technical term? No, I just made it up. But that's what it feels like. She's... she's stuck. There was this kid at my old high school... Craig Heslerhe died of a brain aneurysm when we were 14. Did you know him? Not when he was alive, but after... I would see him at school. He'd be wandering the halls and hiding in dark corners just clutching his head and screaming... like he was still feeling the pain of the moment when he died. What happened to him? I don't know. Kinda quit going to school, if you remember. Too well. There were a lot of reasons that I couldn't handle high school, but one of the big ones was that Craig Hesler scared the crap out of me. I wanted to help him but I didn't know how... so I walked away. And I don't want to do that with Jenna. Okay. Well, let's talk about what's holding her back. Could be the trauma from the accident. Maybe something about Melinda. When I first saw the crash, Melinda had grabbed my arm... And she still wears the engagement ring, and it's like it carries a lot of... I don't know, energy. I could feel it. The ring is a symbol of their love. When Jenna was alive, the bond they shared made them strong. But now... Now it's like a weight. I just got off the phone with the mayor. His office is releasing a statement about the carnations to the press. Excellent, hopefully we'll get a hit. - Whoa, where you guys going? - We got a lead on Shelly's mysterious Thursday appointment. The acronym, NWSGcell calls she made on Thursday evenings ping a tower in Crown Hill. When we checked her credit cards, we found a $40 charge every fifth Thursday evening to the DiSavino Bake Shop in Crown Hill. It goes back six months, same time that NWSG started appearing in her calendar. Headed to the bakery to check it out. Sorry, we're closed. We just need a minute. Have you seen this woman? Yeah, she was in here a few times. We're trying to work out what she was doing in the neighborhood on Thursday nights. Well, I can't say for sure, but the community center across the street offers classes and meetings during the week, and sometimes people stop in before to pick up snacks. Okay, we'll check it out. Ask for Lyla James. She runs the place. Thank you, you've been very helpful. - Can I help you? - Lyla James? The coordinator for the center? That's right. Do you recognize this woman? Seen her on the news. That's the woman who was killed on Saturday night. Shelly Edwards. Has she been here? We were at the DiSavino Bakery next door. They told us Shelly picked up a box of pastries there every few weeks. Apparently that's not uncommon for people attending meetings here. Yes, anonymous meetings. We'll try to keep anything you tell us confidential. It's terrible what happened to Shelly, but it's my responsibility to protect the privacy of the people who come here seeking help. Even if they're dead? Even then. It's not just Shelly's privacy, it's everyone else's, too. I'm really sorry. Thank you. "Newlywed Women's Support Group." I entered the address of the community center, and a Thursday meeting time along with the acronym NWSG, and that's what came up. Newlyweds need support for what? According to the club's description, it's for modern women who are having trouble adjusting to the demands and difficulties of building a life with a new partner. Mutual decision-making, shared spaces, compromises, sacrifices... Marriage. Clay said Shelly wasn't happy. Marriage was more complicated than she thought it'd be. Are any of our other female victims members? Both Lucy Aquila and Debra Carpenter were in couples' therapy with their husbands. I followed up the lead at the time, it went nowhere. Could it be that those wives were in that group? But the only way to be sure is to get a complete list of former and current members. But the center won't release that information without a warrant, and a judge won't issue a warrant without a direct and immediate threat. Let me tell you from experience, lots of people don't even sign in to those meetings at all or don't use their real names. That's what the "anonymous" is about. It's, a protection. Our killer knows that. If everyone's anonymous, we can't connect the victims. Perfect hunting ground. You know I'll help if I can, but I haven't seen anything since the name Ashley. Yes, I know, and you'll always call when you have something. It's just, we think our four female victims all belong to the same support group. We can't prove it, and... And I guess I was just hoping. I was just hoping... Can I get you a cup of tea? Yes, please. You're a good daughter. Tom? Did she tell you where the ticket was issued? No, just said it was a parking infraction. It could be by the Edwards' house - or the community center. - Yeah. Well, let's get the team on it. Yeah. - Thanks for coming over. - Thanks for reaching out. Did you... see Jenna? Did you... talk to her? I did see her, yes. And the thing is, you're right. She's still here. It's just not in the way that you think. There's nothing romantic about what she's going through. She's not a guardian angel watching over you. She's not trying to get you that message of love. She's caught. I don't understand. For the last two years... you haven't wanted to face the fact that she's gone. You want her back so much... and you keep putting all of that energy out there, and it's like she's... she's driving toward it even though she can't get to you. She will never get to you. Is she in pain? I don't think it's pain like we feel, but... she isn't at peace. I think the only way for this to end is for one of you to walk away... and Jenna can't, so it has to be you. How? I think maybe you should take your ring off. It's like it's connecting you both in a way that... it's not healthy anymore. And you're sure about all of this? I'm sure about what I saw... but I'm not always sure about what it means. You asked for my help, and I know you wanted a message from Jenna... something you can think of as closure. I'm sorry I can't give you that. When I was wearing this ring, I felt like Jenna was still with me. Yeah. I guess it's time to do it on my own. How will you know it worked? If you want, I can go back and check. What if she's still there? Then I'll keep trying. Thank you. Yeah, that's perfect. Thanks again. Bye. Hey, I think I got it. A parking ticket was issued to a motorcycle parked in the alley behind Shelly's fitness studio two weeks ago. That's when the flowers were dropped off. Yeah, and get this: Wade Modell works at the Kenmore Flower Market. He did ten months on an assault charge in 2016 and he owns a .22. Very good. Landlady says Modell isn't home. Usually gets in around 7:00 p.m. - What is that? - It's my dinner. Not in the car, thank you. It's Modell. Stop, police! Stop! Wade Modell, you're under arrest. You have the right to remain silent. Do you know her? Never seen her before. Are you sure about that? So you don't know them either? What the hell is this? It's a murder case, Wade. Serial murder. II didn't kill anybody. You delivered flowers to Shelly Edwards two weeks before she was murdered. You mean at the gym? I was just doing her a favor. Doing Shelly a favor? No, the other lady. Take us through it, Wade. Slowly. This girl comes up to the stand where I work, and she buys a big bouquet of pink carnations. Said she wanted to get them to her friend but she had to run. Gave me 20 bucks to take them into the city for her on my bike. What did she look like? She was a redhead. Unis say that no one is home at Lyla James' place. They're gonna wait. There is another car checking the center. You're sure about this? The killer's a woman? Absolutely. The support group, the pink carnations? Lyla's the only thing linking them together. And there were signs. No sexual assault on the female victims, the small caliber hand gun, the fact that every woman opened the door. They trusted her. She's that nice woman that works at the center. Lyla James was engaged in 2014, but her fiancé broke it off the day of the wedding. The theme was pink carnations. They put an order in at every shop in the city. Eight months later, Lyla's groom eloped with their wedding planner. This weekend was their anniversary... Ashley and Joni Bennett. - Ashley's a guy. - When he got married to someone else, that's when Lyla snapped. Lyla's parents say she was devastated. She's been in and out of psychiatric hospitals ever since. They thought she was getting better. They were very mistaken. Lyla didn't show up for her shift at the center. No one's seen her for 24 hours. She's on the run. We've put out a BOLO, she won't get far. Question is, what's her next move? Lyla's been murdering proxies for the last three years. The newlywed victims were just stand-ins for Ashley and his wife. Why didn't she kill them first? In Lyla's mind, what she feels for Ashley is true love. Maybe she was hoping he'd come back for her. Well, that dream is over. You think she'd be going after the Bennetts next? - It's a possibility. - It's a distinct possibility. We need to get them into protective custody, now. Surprise. Yeah, yeah, I got it. But listen, are you okay? All right, appreciate the call. Cassie? Redheaded woman just tried to drown her in her own bathtub. Lyla's already at the house. Look at him. I said, look at him! He's dying, and it's your fault. You made me do this, both of you. All these years he should have been with me. He needed me, but you tricked him! Stole him from me! You made him believe our love didn't matter, but it's everything to us. You still love me, Ashley, don't you? Even now. You know we would have been happy forever if this bitch hadn't ruined it. But don't worry, she's gonna pay. Say good-bye. Let's go, your turn. Lyla! Drop your weapon or I'll kill her. Do it or she's dead! That's quite a scam you had there, Lyla. Start a club for unhappy newlywed brides, pick them off one by one. They were like lambs to the slaughter, weren't they? I didn't think anyone would even sign up. Who doesn't want to be married? But I had more than I could handle. This one? She didn't want to be married either. She joked about it with me while we were sampling cakes for my wedding. Eight months later, I hear Ashley had to talk her into eloping. Had to get down on both knees and beg. Why do men want women who don't want them? I don't know. I would ask them that, the women... while the tub was filling and their men were dying... and they didn't know either. They were so sorry. "Do you love him now?" I would ask. "Do you wish you had another chance to show him just how much he means to you?" You know what they said? All of them? "I do." Lyla, no! Don't move. Thanks for coming with me. My pleasure. I think she's gone. It worked. I couldn't have done it without you. Well, I'm not so sure about that. This is gonna sound so selfish, but... I need you to be okay. I can't have anything happen to you. Where is this coming from? Lately, you've been forgetting things, and when you say you remember I think you're lying. I'm scared... and I need you to get checked out. You know, doctors make the worst patients. Please? Okay. - I will. - Okay. I promise. That was County Medical on the phone. It was touch and go, but Ashley Bennett's gonna live. So that's eight counts of first-degree murder for Lyla instead of nine. Still enough for life in prison. Well, Lyla's parents have hired an attorney and he's already making noise about an insanity defense. I predict she'll go down swinging. At least she's going down. Melinda, I was gonna call you in the morning. That's okay, I already know. Yeah? She's free. I can feel it. Thank you so much. And I meant what I said about catching up. I miss you. I could really use a friend right now. Me, too. - I'll call you. - Yeah. Bye. Still got an empty glass. - Top it off. - Yep. Hey, another one? Yeah, sure. You seem a little down for a guy who just caught a serial killer. No, I'mno, it's just... I bought into some easy assumptions thinking it had to be a guy. Could have cost the investigation months of time. Another couple could have lost their lives. Yeah, but they didn't. I'm starting to think that you and I aren't that different in terms of what we do. Hey, can I get another? The information comes in, and we decipher it. We interpret it. We see if it fits this puzzle that we're putting together. We do the best we can. Here. Thank you. Jenna? I just wanted to say thank you. And I want to see one last sunrise before I go. You're all right. I'm glad I could help. Do me a favor and don't tell Melinda you saw me. Are you sure? It's better this way. Melinda told me about you. Her best friend from high school. She said you could see ghosts and scary things that weren't there. And I remember thinking... "That must suck." Sometimes. But not today. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 