Attack on Titan: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Attack on Titan 
 s1e5 - First Battle: Defense of Trost, Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Attack on Titan (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - First Battle: Defense of Trost, Part 1 - full transcript 
 Eren faces off against the Colossal Titan after it appears out of nowhere and knocks a strategic hole in the Rose Wall gate. As Titans swarm the city, the newly graduated Cadets are called in to fight in brutal battle that won't be without casualties. 
 
 Download 
   In the year 845... the Colossal and Armored Titans suddenly appeared, destroying the wall, along with the life we'd known. Humanity abandoned Wall Maria, losing twenty percent of its population  and a third of its territory, to retreat within Wall Rose. Now, in the year 850... Our counterattack has only just begun! Our target is the Colossal Titan before us! This is our chance! Don't let it get away! Hey, there... It's been five years. First Battle  Battle of Trost (1) He was after the fixed cannons! It's no coincidence it  went for the gate, either... This thing really is... sentient! But this is our chance! He's the only one that can take out the walls! If I can kill him... Too slow! You're mine! What?! Go! I missed? No... The Colossal Titan vanished? Eren! Did you defeat it? No! It was the same as five years ago... He appeared out of nowhere,  and vanished just as suddenly! I'm sorry. I let him get away. Why are you apologizing? The rest of us couldn't even move— Hey, there's no time for discussion! The wall's been breached. If we don't patch it fast,  the Titans will get in like before! What are you doing? The contingency plan for  the Colossal Titan has already begun. Get to HQ! Anyone who made contact with it,  don't forget to report! Yes, sir! Best of luck to the advance team! Keep all personal belongings to a minimum! Remain calm during the evacuation! If they make it through, we'll relive the tragedy that  befell us five years ago! We stop the Titans here! Prepare to intercept. Fire! Attack! You trainees have all passed the final training exercise,  and now are full-fledged soldiers. We expect great things from you. It's okay, Hannah... I'll protect you. Franz... Are you okay, Armin? I-I'm fine. I'll get over it soon enough. B-But we're in bad shape. We currently don't have the means  to quickly patch an eight-meter hole... We never even managed to dig up  that big rock near the front gate! Since we can't seal the hole,  we'll have to abandon the town. It's only a matter of time  before they breach Wall Rose! Besides, they can wipe out humanity  whenever they want, anyway! Armin! Calm down... Things are different now. Humanity won't be defeated by Titans anymore! I'm sorry. I'm all right... Hey, are you paying attention? Look... I win again. I'm nice enough to play with you every month, but you never improve, Pixis. I'm still no match for you, Marquis Bart. Aren't you the high commander  overseeing the southern region? How can you defeat the Titans  with that level of intelligence and skill? Commander Pixis! Urgent message! How dare you interrupt our game— The Colossal Titan has appeared in Trost. It's destroyed the gate! This drink is excellent... It will be my honor  to take it with me into battle. H-Hey... Wait, Pixis! Pixis! Wait, will you?! I won't allow you to leave. You must gather your forces,  and defend my territory! That's your duty, isn't it? Marquis Bart, my men are risking their  lives in Trost right now. Commander, I'll ready your horse. And it's likely that  many have already lost their lives. Many more dying this very moment,  as we indulge in idle chitchat. They are expendable... Let them die. And you've never even won at chess. Your presence at the battle  will accomplish nothing. Do not worry yourself, Marquis. In a real battle against the Titans, it is unnecessary for the commander  to throw the match. That's enough. Marquis Bart, please enjoy a peaceful day,  as you would any other. Wait... Pixis! Come back, Pixis! Pixis! Information We Can Share So Far: Fixed Cannons (1) Anti-Titan weapons in existence before the  invention of 3D maneuver gear. Placed on  the walls and modified for defensive purposes  to address the dearth in mobile troops. Information We Can Share So Far: Fixed Cannons (2) Grapeshot: Low lethality; used to slow Titans.  HE Projectile: Powerful, but extremely  inaccurate; targeted strikes are rarely successful. Just follow your training! Split into groups! Under the Garrison's orders, you will resupply combatants, relay orders, and kill Titans! Garrison intercept forces will form the vanguard! {\an7}Vanguard Trainees, led by the supply team,  will comprise the middle guard! {\an4\fad(300,0)}Middle Guard The Garrison's elite forces will form the rearguard. {\fad(340,0)}Rearguard Also, messengers report that the  advance team has been neutralized. The outer gate has been compromised, and Titans have entered the city. In other words, the Armored Titan may appear at any time, to destroy the inner gate! No way. You're kidding... If we lose Rose, too... Silence! As we speak, the vanguard is engaging them. We have but one objective in this fight: to defend Wall Rose with our lives  until the evacuation is complete! Also, as you are all surely aware, desertion in the face of the  enemy is punishable by death. Mark this well,  and fight to your last dying breath! Dismissed! Yes, sir! Why today? As of tomorrow, I would've been in the Interior... Are you okay? No... No, no... No, no... No! You're in the way. Hey, Jean... What's wrong? "What's wrong?" Unlike you, I don't have a death wish! Since you wanted to join the Survey Corps, I'm sure you're ready  to become Titan food anytime! But I was to go to the Interior tomorrow! Calm down! I'm supposed to stay calm and die? No! Don't forget those three years of hell we endured! In the past three years,  we almost died so many times... Some of us really did die. Some ran, and some were kicked out... But we made it! Didn't we? So we can make it through today! You'll survive today, and go to  the Interior tomorrow, right? Damn it. Let's go, Daz! Stop sobbing! Yeah... Eren... When the fighting gets fierce, come find me. Huh? You and I are on different teams! Plans will fall apart in the chaos of battle. But I will protect you. What are you saying— Trainee Ackerman... You're being specially moved to rearguard. Follow me. B-But I'll only slow them down! I'm not asking your opinion. The evacuation's falling behind. We need as many skilled soldiers  overseeing civilians as possible. B-But... Hey! Enough, Mikasa... Don't you freak out, too! Humanity is in danger of being wiped out. What you want doesn't matter! I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking clearly. But I do have one request. Please... Don't die. I'm not going to die. I can't die here. I still have no idea  what the world is really like. Surviving historical documents say nothing about the Titans' origins. We know very little about them. What information we do have comes from reports made by the Survey Corps. There has been no evidence that  their intelligence approaches our own. Consequently, attempts to communicate  with them have been unsuccessful. The Titan body structure differs fundamentally from that of other creatures. They lack sexual organs, and their  means of reproduction remains unknown. However, most appear male. They have extremely high body temperatures. And inexplicably, they show no interest  in any creatures besides humans. Their sole purpose in life seems to  be the consumption of humans. But considering they have survived for more than a century in an environment devoid of human life, we can assume they have no need to eat at all. In other words, we believe their goal in feeding isn't  to gain sustenance, but simply to kill. As to why they have posed  such a threat to humanity, their incredible vitality is the main factor. Humanity has possessed  cannon technology since antiquity, but it has proved insufficient. Even decapitated Titans will not die. And while this isn't universally true, they are capable of regenerating  their heads within one to two minutes. No way... Just their size is enough of a problem. Sir, does this mean  the Titans are invincible? They are not. There is one way to defeat them. Target this area. Severe damage here will prevent regeneration, and the Titan will die. Thus, we use two swords to rend away their flesh. If you can strike that vital spot, you'll kill them before they  have time to regenerate. Hey, Armin... Isn't this a great chance? If we're successful here, before even joining the Survey Corps, we'll definitely rise quickly through the ranks! Yeah, you're right. Just to be clear, a lot of people want to join the  Survey Corps this time around. You got the best of me earlier, but not anymore. You think so, Thomas? Then let's see who can kill more Titans. Don't pad your numbers... Team 34, advance! Support the vanguard! Okay, let's go! Look at all those Titans! The vanguard's been routed! What are they doing? After all their boasting? I never thought this would be easy, but this is... An Aberrant! Stop! Huh? How dare you?! Eren! Stop! Don't go alone! Wait! I'll avenge Thomas... I won't let you get away! Eren! Eren! No! Please don't! Why am I... watching my friends be devoured? Why can't I move? A... Armin... Eren! Eren! Eren! What's wrong, Armin? My grandpa was hiding this... A book about the outside world! About the outside world? You aren't supposed to have that! The Military Police will arrest you. Forget all that... It says that the majority  of the world is covered by a huge body of water called the "sea." And it's all saltwater! Salt? No way! Salt's worth a fortune! The merchants would take it all. It's too big to take it all! There's no way... And there's more... Flaming water! Frozen earth! Plains of sand, white as snow! I'm sure the outside world is many times bigger than  the world inside the walls! The outside world... Also... This is still a secret, okay? But my mom and dad say  they're going beyond the walls soon. The outside world! Hey, Eren... Wouldn't it be great if, one day,  we could go explore the outside world, too? Eren! I can't die here... Hey, Armin... You told me about the outside world. So... I'm going out there... Eren! Hurry! A sudden rainfall. The quiet sound of rain. The humid air. The scent of rain, ever so slightly sweet, makes Mikasa remember  a gruesome event from her past. The World the Girl Saw  The Battle for Trost (2) 
 
 Play Now 
 Download 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 