Penn Zero: Part-Time Hero: Season 1, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Penn Zero: Part-Time Hero 
 s1e20 - It's a Colorful Life - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Penn Zero: Part-Time Hero (2014–2017): Season 1, Episode 20 - It's a Colorful Life - full transcript 
 Penn, Boone, and Sashi zap into a colorful, whimsical world for a feud against the Rippen-lead Drabs. A power outage prevents anyone from zapping. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  PENN:  Wherever good is threatened, heroes rise to the challenge  and always save the day... ( grunting ) except when they don't. ( groans ) And that's when I go to work. ? I zap in two dimensions every day, it's my job ? ? Be a hero, save the world, and make things right ? ? Kung-fu moles, rescue trolls ? ? Punch a zombie, score a goal ? ? I'm a robot! I'm a rabbit! I'm a knight! ? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ? Stretching, swinging, spying ? ? Flying, flipping, monster-kicking ? Boone and Soshi always sticking by my side No villain's gonna stop... ? Penn Zero, part-time hero! ? ? Penn Zero, part-time hero! ? ? Penn Zero, part-time hero! ? Penn Zero-- Ah! ..And we won the mission by body-slamming an 8 foot disco ogre! I guess he was only seven-six, if you don't count his platform shoes. You know pal, sometimes being a hero means going beyond the mission. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Rock face punch! And making the world you're saving a better place. You're amazing, honey. Only because I have you in my life, Vonnie. Ooh. Uh. I'm gonna stop watching now. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I love this channel. What is this? Just trying to make the world a little better. Ah! I am allergic to flowers. I beg for mercy. Uh! ( explosion ) I was just trying to be nice. Here, let me help. I think you've done enough. ( wheezing ) Is all right. My internal organs will repair themselves in three month. Good luck. Again, so sorry about the flowers. ALL: Oh, what fun, what a wonderful day. Hues are the huey-est, the red-est and the bluey-est. no one frowns in Huetown today, now the song's all done so let's go... Play? Rhyme some more? Pass. ALL: Say, "Yay!" Better. Okay, Sosh, check the specs. Okay, we're Hues, who are in a feud with the Drabs, and our mission is to stop Grayson Drabswatch from stealing our rainbow rocks and throwing them into the Rainbow Mountain volcano. Guys, this tree is checking us out. Treewee. Not a tree. It's a tree with a wee. What's a tree with a... Whee! That was fun. But we still don't know why they call it a treewee. So, what's up? Why are you guys fighting with the Drabs? Us Hues are all covered in color. We are the best of the best. But no-color Drabs look much duller, so color us, unimpressed. Today is the day we steal those rocks. Today's the day-- We ride a fox. No. You have no idea of how to take care of a fox. What does a fox eat? Potatoes. Wrong. Get rid of it. But his name is Belvedere, and I love him. Fine. Keep the fox. Just stop crying. Okay, you won't regret this. We're gonna have so much fun, Belvedere. Back to business. Initiate the rock knocker. To knock the rocks, just hit the knob, we'll beat those Hues and eat corn on the-- Uh, just a moment. We've just started working together, so you couldn't possibly know, but I don't do rhymes. Cob! ( cheering ) Fine, I'll do it myself. Hey. Hello? Hey! Uh, we have to get the rocks back. The rocks hold the world's colors, or so it says on that sign. Let's go get them back by taking the zippy zip line. I hope they're selling pictures of this at the end of the ride. ( gasps ) Look, there's the green rock. That was fun. ( gasps ) There it is. Hurry. The green rock is keen. The Drabs are so prissy. I don't mean to be mean, but Drabs walk like this-y. Crinkle-crank, crinkle-cra-- The green rock is mine. Let's celebrate, Drabs. It's snack-y time. No, it is not snack-y time. The Drabs stopped to eat. Talk about a lucky-- Wait, what are you doing? Good luck with the rest of the rocks. ( evil laugh ) Okay, guys, we need to stop making everything some dumb competition. 'Cause if we don't get the rocks back, all the color you're so proud of will disappear. Okay? So let's rein it in. You are right as rain. We'll miss green, of that there's no doubt. Our world is more plain. But we can still dance and shout. Oh, I was out getting the yellow rock. What were you doing? Crashing into some pillows? Yeah, but don't make a big deal about it, all right? It's been a long day. Normally, I'd be just as annoyed as you at this place, but things have really gone my way. Larry's off with a fox somewhere and these two groups of idiots have gotten in your way slightly more than mine. Well, not this time, Rippen. Hut one. Hut two, hut three. Oh, come on! I'd love to stick around and gloat, but I've got a hot date with a volcano. Pun intended. To the volcano, you heard him Drabs. Once there, we'll practice walking sideways like crabs. See, the thing is, I really hate you guys. You're just as bad as the Hues, so I'm ditching you. Enjoy your crab walking or whatever. Farewell. I think Rippen has the right idea. We should ditch these guys. Our mission is just to save the rocks. These losers don't even care about the rocks. They just care about competing with each other. Sashi, you make a valid but unnecessarily harsh point, and it gives me an idea. Drabs, Hues, I don't know if you've noticed, but since neither of you have color, you guys look and act pretty much exactly the same. Can you even tell each other apart? Oh, no. Raise your hand if you're a Hue. ( indistinct chatter ) Am I? Why are you guys fighting at all? You guys would have a lot more fun if you were friends. I suppose we could change our views about the very similar Hues. And we could stop taking jabs at the fairly entertaining Drabs. I still think the Hues are better. Boone. Okay! Well, then it's settled. Let's work together and get the color back for everyone to share. ALL: We all say yay to making Drabswatch pay. But also yell hooray for the day, we all turned gray. When I win, I can finally use my fulltime villain business cards. PENN: I hope you didn't buy in bulk, 'cause that's not happening. You'll never stop me on your own. Whee. Whee. Whee. Okay, fine. You're not alone. But what are these nitwits going to do? Ha-ha. I win. No! You know, I should've put more thought into the tail end of this plan. Whew. NARRATOR:  And so for some reason, the rocks  turned out to be eggs that hatched inexplicably  at this very moment and the birds spread color  back throughout the world. Why? Why is there  suddenly a narrator? Good question. But that is a story  for another day. But what became  of a certain fellow and his fox named... Belvedere? You know what I did when I had a fox named Belvedere? No, Larry, we were each doing our own thing this time. Well, I rode him for a long time and then he saw a rabbit and he chased it and I fell off, and I couldn't find him for a long time. But-- But then I did. But he didn't remember me, so when I tried to feed him a potato... Belvedere bit me! I knew you weren't ready for a fox. Let's get back to Middleburg. It'll be all right. LARRY: Can Belvedere come too? RIPPEN: No. LARRY: Yeah, that makes sense. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 