Penn Zero: Part-Time Hero: Season 1, Episode 37 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Penn Zero: Part-Time Hero 
 s1e37 - Zap One - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Penn Zero: Part-Time Hero (2014–2017): Season 1, Episode 37 - Zap One - full transcript 
 We flashback to how it all started... On his first day of high school, Penn learns his parents aren't insurance salespeople, but part-time heroes - his own true destiny. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  Wherever good  is threatened, heroes rise  to the challenge and always  save the day. Except when they don't. And that's when  I go to work. I zap into dimensions  every day. It's my job  to be a hero, save the world,  and make things right. Kung Fu moles,  rescue trolls, punch a zombie,  score a goal! I'm a robot, I'm a rabbit,  I'm a knight! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ Stretching, swinging, spying ♪ ♪ Flying, flipping, monster-kicking ♪ Boone and Sashi  always sticking by my side! No villain's gonna stop... Penn Zero: Part-Time Hero! Penn Zero:  Part-Time Hero!  Penn Zero: Part-Time Hero! Penn Zer--aaugh! Cock-a-doodle-doo! ♪ Today's the day,  today's the day ♪ ♪ My 50th zap,  being a hero my way ♪ ♪ The sky is blue,  my MUHU too ♪ ♪ Saving the world  is what I'm gonna do ♪ ♪ Oh, when I started this,  I was but a boy ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ But I'm still a boy ♪ ♪ So I don't know  what my point was ♪ ♪ But on my 50th zap ♪ ♪ I won't switch genders  so I'll still be a boy ♪ ♪ A boy they'll throw  a surprise party for ♪ ♪ Oh, today's the day ♪ ♪ Today's the day ♪ ♪ My 50th zap  that I will make ♪ ♪ And they will throw me  a surprise party ♪ ♪ And I will eat some... ♪ PHYLLIS: Surprise! Hey, it's our  50th zap, too. Ooh! Nice. Congratulation on  50th zap thing. Parents have two second  to give compliment. - We're so proud...  - You make me so... Two seconds are up. I am going to hug you now. It's not weird. ( nervous chuckle ) Dude, 50 zaps. I totally remember  our very first one. - Me, too.  - Yeah. Well, no time for a flashback.  Let's get to work. Is okay, I built flashback  time into schedule. Yeah, just not feelin'  a flashback. You will flash back. It's your very first  day of school. - Day of school!  - Day of school! ALL: Day of high school! I should probably  wear pants. Who's ready for breakfast? Huh. For life insurance  salespeople, you sure are nimble. What you're heading into  might feel overwhelming, but you are capable  of so much. And no matter  how hard things get, just be yourself. Why are you guys being so dramatic? We'll pick you up after school. But if for some reason  we're late... That rundown  movie theater? If we're late,  just go there. There's nothing  to worry about. Why would I be worried? I love you  so much, pal. - Love you, sweetie.  - Okay, guys. This is turning into  a bit of a scene here. ( loudly )  I love my son! Ho-ho, up top.  All right, hey. Nice to make your acquaintance,  my good man, or woman. I'm not making  any assumptions. We don't know what's  going on in there. ( blows whistle ) Hey, put me in, coach,  I'm ready to go. Watch the enthusiasm, mister. Doesn't make any sense. Why would they put  a urinal in the hallway? Uh, Boone, that's a water fountain. Never drink from that. Uh, what was with  your dad? I don't know. They've been acting real weird. Think they might have some important life insurance sales meeting today. Yeah, "life insurance." Yeah, right. That is what  their jobs are. Bump me again,  I'll punch your face till your hair goes straight. Your nose is impossible. Finally got out  of the locker... aah! Well, she seems nice. Good morning, students.  My name is Principal Larry. I just wanted to say... ( blows one note ) ♪ Today is  the first day of school ♪ ♪ And first days of school  always rule, rule, rule ♪ ♪ You seem like a fun  and a peppy, peppy crowd ♪ ♪ And I'd hug you all, but legally, I'm not allowed ♪ Good morning, students. My name is  Principal Larry. No smiling. This is just my face. How unfortunate  for you. - Name.  - Penn. - Ben what?  - No, uh, Penn. - Yes, Ben.  - Penn. - Ben.  - Penn. With a "P."  Penn. Penn Zero. Penn Zero. Well, why didn't you  say so? I've been so looking  forward to meeting you. Well, uh, that seems like a nice thing to say, but your ultra-creepy grin says otherwise. I have a perfectly  charming grin. But I'm going to make your life a waking nightmare. I'm going to crush  your spirit, and make you beg  for mercy. In Art? Sure, yes. Art. ( evil laughter ) Dibs. ( bicycle bell ringing ) Well, at least my parents  forgot to pick me up. ( sighs ) ( thunder rumbling ) Go into that building  and you will die... ( thunder crashes ) ...is the name of this book. Okey-doke. Good day. Hello? ( screams ) You're late. - What?  - Sign this form. Remove metal  from pocket. Stamp timecard,  part-time job  starts now. I don't... wait. What part-time job? Same as parents. You are protector  of all good in  infinite universes. - Infinite what?  - ( slurps ) Infinite universes. You zap to worlds,  fill in for heroes who need your help,  and save the day. You are  part-time hero. Hey, Penn, you ready  to do this? Boone? You're  a half-time hero, too? Negatory. I am the part-time  wise man. Me gots the brains. What happened?  Where are my parents? Something went little terrible  last mission. Is okay. They are alive. Just, uh, trapped forever  in most dangerous world  imaginable. Most dang... did you  just say most dangerous  world imaginable? You sent them  to a place called the most dangerous  world imaginable! They sent themselves. They asked to go. To save all universes;  to save you. They knew the risks. The cry-baby better not be  my part-time hero, 'cause that would waste 13 years of sidekick training. And that?  What's the deal, old lady? Hey, cut it out.  ( muffled scream ) This is team. Sashi, part-time sidekick. Boone, part-time wise man. And Penn Zero,  part-time hero. Okay, we begin. Whoa, what? Now?! What is problem? Yeah, I am not a hero.  I am a kid, who found out  three seconds ago that his parents  are now trapped in a crazy dangerous  alternate universe. I'm just not ready  for this in any way, - and frankly shocked--  - Penn Zero, no one is ever ready.  Good luck. ( Penn screams ) Whoa! What just happened? Where am I?  Why are there three moons? Quiet. You'll give away our position. We are all going to die! Relax. I've seen this  1,000 times. The reluctant hero, forced to act before  you've gained the courage to do so. But believe me. A hero lies within that childlike 90-pound body, and you will rise  to the challenge, and save the day. And if you can  believe in yourself, there is nothing  that will ever stop you! PHYLLIS: Training simulation  terminated. ( screaming ) That was completely  unacceptable! Okay, training over.  Now for reals. What? No, I cannot do this.  I won't. I'm not a hero.  I quit. You should quit, too. ( snoring ) Mom, Dad. I had the weirdest dream. ♪ Good morning,  good morning ♪ ♪ Get out of bed ♪ ♪ Wake up, wake up,  wake up, sleepyhead ♪ Uncle Chuck,  Aunt Rose? What are you  doing here? Well, we're here to take care of you until your parents figure out their little... situation. By "little situation," do you mean trapped in  the most dangerous  world imaginable? Yeah, but I got hash browns. You put raisins  in your hash browns? - Those aren't raisins.  - ( hisses ) Get outta here. ♪ We're leaving,  we're leaving ♪ ( yells ) You need to get it together, man. I didn't train my whole life to have my career derailed by a weenie. You know what? If you want it so bad,  you scary little ninja,  you be the hero. You're more than  qualified. I don't wanna be the hero. Sidekicks specialize in  kicking and fighting and destroying and ripping  things apart. That actually cost  hundreds of dollars. Saved up for a year  for it. I could call the police  at this point. Look, I can only achieve  my best if you're at  your best, too. Or if you die  on a mission, then you're replaced by someone actually qualified. You're demonstrating some very worrisome tendencies. Do you have any skills? Well, I'm pretty good  at ♪ makin' up songs! ♪ ( coughing ) See you at school. ( buzzing noise ) ( buzzing continues ) ( coughing ) ( buzzing ) - Ha ha, there he is.   - Dad! You're okay. Hey, was the smoke cool? Your mom thought it might be too much, - but it was   your big moment.  - Is that Penn? Mom? That crazy  theater lady said that you were in the most  dangerous world imaginable. That is a bit of an exaggeration. Incoming! Dad! Whoa! Okay, we are in the most dangerous world imaginable. But we're getting lots of exercise. We would've told you,  but we wanted you to have  a normal childhood. Not worrying about the balance of good and evil teetering on the brink  of destruction every day, which it is. It always is. We know it's a lot of responsibility, but so are your pet fish. Uh, I don't know  if I can do it. Of course you can. We believe in you, honey. Holy moley! Don't worry about  saving the world. Just worry about  being yourself. - But also save the world.   - Mom! Just promise me  something, Penn. - That no matter  what happens...  - Yeah? ...you won't let Uncle Chuck use my toilet. Bye. Yah! ( clears throat) Hey, yes. Hello. Cathy. Is Phyllis. Phyllis, yes. Look, since it's my first zap, why not just  take it easy on me? Maybe a beginner world. I don't choose the world. Right. No, yeah,  I get that. I totally understand. It's just, if the hero's supposed to win, wouldn't it be better  if I go to a place where I won't  immediately die? I know, I know. You don't choose the world. No, but I chose  your parents, and I chose you. All right, Phyllis,  zap one. Any words of advice? Yes. Yes.  What was it? It was something...  I forget. Anyway, good luck. Oh, yeah! I am a pajama person. - Wizard.  - Fine. I am a pajama wizard. What's the game plan? Uh, yeah, glad you asked. The... the plan  falls on me. So I will tell you  that... I have no idea. ( frustrated groan ) BOTH: Ooh! You are a brave knight. Me or Penn? Penn? I don't know. Boone,  you're a wizard. - And I am a--  - Fairy. Winged warrior. Our mission: using the weapon  of our choice, we must defeat  the evil sorcerer in an epic battle against  his fire-breathing dragon and his army of  a billion goblins. Not funny.  What is it for real? ( evil laughter )  Hello, students. Oh, didn't they tell you? I'm the part-time villain. And I'm the part-time  minion. Larry, please don't  undermine me. This is our first  hero-villain encounter. It's rather important. I know, dummy.  That's why I made you this. Goblins, get them. Okay, Penn, you're a knight. Be the knight. Right. Be the knight. You can do this. Thank you. You didn't just run. I'm not running.  This is a fast walk. Maybe a mosey. At most, a saunter. - Use your magic.  - On it. Oh, I knew  this would be easy. But I mean,  come on. I thought you'd have a little fight after what I did to your mummy and daddy. - It was you?  - Yeah. Now, with no heroes  to stop me, my part-time days are over. These worlds would crumble  with a real hero. Why would they have  a chance with you? ( evil laughter ) Why would they  have a chance with me? You know what?  You're right. Everywhere we go, you'll always know what the real hero's supposed to do. But that's good, 'cause I'm not the real hero. I'm a total dork. - Okay. What are you  blathering about?  - I accept. Ha! Three kids versus  an army of a billion? And me, and a dragon? And me, with s'mores? So I get to choose the weapon we battle with? - That's right. - Then the weapon I choose... ...is rock and roll! What? You can't. Boone, hook it up. On it. ♪ You want an epic battle ♪ ♪ That's exactly what  you're gonna get ♪ ♪ I'll rock the medieval  countryside ♪ ♪ And never miss a fret ♪ ♪ What's my name?  My name is Penn Zero ♪ ♪ What's my name?  My name is Penn Zero ♪ ♪ His name is Penn Zero,  he's an ordinary kid ♪ ♪ But he's gonna  blow your house down ♪ ♪ And that's exactly  what I did ♪ Don't rock out,  attack him. But I can't stop listening.  It's so good! ♪ It's a righteous  rock battle ♪ ♪ So let the stage burn ♪ ♪ Three kids versus  a billion ♪ ♪ Take the mic,  it's your turn ♪ Larry, hit me! ( singing off-key )  ♪ I am Rippen,  and I can also rock ♪ ♪ I climb a mighty dragon ♪ ♪ And fly it to the top ♪ Well, at least wait  for the second verse. ♪ No one's waiting  for the second verse ♪ ♪ We're coming for you  in every universe ♪ You're a fool.  I outsmarted your parents. Who do you think you are? ♪ My name is  Penn Zero ♪ ♪ And I'm here  to save the world ♪ ♪ My name is Penn Zero ♪ ♪ I'm a part-time hero ♪ I don't like to admit  I was wrong about someone, so I won't. Oh! Thank you. I really wish I could keep these pajamas. Oh, chain mail?  Cool. What's wrong? You forget  this was flashback? Oh, you know, Penn,  that chain mail shirt was in there  by accident. It was part of  a Halloween costume. Oh, okay. Cool. Uh, 50th zap.  Let's do this, guys. It's not actually metal.  More of a breathable  cheap plastic mesh for ladies, but  you make it work. - Go with it, buddy.   - Okay, not helping, Dad. Trying to get in  the zone here. Your mother wore it the night of our tenth anniversary. I won't go into the details. Okay, just zap us already! She looked spectacular. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 