Star Trek: Voyager: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Star Trek: Voyager 
 s1e6 - Eye of the Needle - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Star Trek: Voyager (1995–2001): Season 1, Episode 6 - Eye of the Needle - full transcript 
 When the Voyager crew encounters a wormhole and makes contact with a Romulan ship on the other side, it raises the crew's hopes of getting back to Earth. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Personal log, stardate 48546.2. Our journey home is several weeks old, and I notice in my crew and myself a subtle change as the reality of our situation settles in. Here in the Delta Quadrant, we are virtually the entire family of man. We are more than a crew. And I must be more than a captain to these people. But I'm not sure exactly how to begin. A Starfleet captain is expected to maintain a certain distance. Until now, I've always been comfortable with that distance. Captain, I didn't realise there was an inspection scheduled. Not an inspection, Lieutenant, a stroll. We should have the warp drive running by 0900 hours. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Recalibrating the reactant injectors is all we have to do. Carry on. Maybe this is just how it works, maybe the distance is necessary. Maybe they need me to be larger than life. I only wish I felt larger than life. Computer, delete last sentence. Gentlemen. As you were. So, has Neelix concocted anything interesting this morning? There's an ancient Chinese curse: "May you live in interesting times." Mealtime is always interesting with Neelix in the kitchen. We shouldn't be too harsh. He is conserving replicator energy. And I'm sure the stomach problems will pass as soon as our systems get used to his gourmet touch. Well, I'll see you at duty call. - We should've asked her to join us. - Ensigns don't ask captains to sit down. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Why not? - Because they don't. What's wrong with a little courtesy? Captains don't want courtesy. They want respect. That's why they don't get chummy with the lower ranks. Who else is she meant to get chummy with? There aren't many other captains here. If she wants to sit with us, she'll ask us to join her. That's the way it's done. I think you're working from an old rulebook, Paris. Neelix? Captain! May I say, you look beautiful this morning. - Is that a new colour lipstick? - Oh! No, it's the same colour I always wear. Perhaps it's just the glow of the food heater lamps, but you look wonderful. Not to suggest you don't always look wonderful. - Do we have any coffee left? - No, but we've something even better. I don't want it, I want coffee. It's made from a proteinaceous seed I discovered... - I'll use a replicator ration for coffee. - That would not be appropriate. - I beg your pardon? - You need to set an example. - Thank you for reminding me. - You're welcome. If you want the crew to accept natural food alternatives to conserve our energy reserves, you need to encourage them by your own choices, don't you? Fine. Give me your "even better than coffee" substitute. - How about Takar loggerhead eggs? - Just coffee. It's a richer blend than you're used to, but you'll learn to love it. - Bridge to Janeway. - On my way. Janeway out. Tomorrow maybe. Yes? - You didn't have to come to the bridge. - Yes, I did. We've picked up a nebula on long-range sensors. On screen. Magnify. It contains unusually high levels of omicron particles. Are you thinking we could collect them for an additional antimatter reserve? Precisely. Senior bridge officers, report for duty. Commander, set a new course. There's coffee in that nebula. Exploring this nebula should raise some spirits, don't you think? No way to go but up. You're closer to the crew than I am. How bad is it? There's a period of mourning that everyone's going through. It's natural. I'm worried about them. I wish we had a counsellor, but our mission didn't require one. We talk to animals. It's a Native American tradition. - Animals? - Our own counsellors. We believe an animal guide accompanies us through life. It's what Carl Jung thought he invented with his active imagination technique. - We've been doing it for centuries. - Is there a different guide for everyone? - Actually, yes. - Let me guess. Yours is a bear. - Why do you say that? - You strike me as the bear type. Thank you. The bear is a very powerful animal, it has great pokattah. But he's not my animal guide. The creature that guides us doesn't define us, it just chooses to be with us. - OK. If not a bear, then what? - I can't tell you that. It would offend it if I spoke its name. - But he guides you well? - Actually, it's a female. But yes, she usually guides me very well. Can one just choose an animal guide? - It's not that simple. - Captain. - We're approaching the nebula. - Slow to one-third impulse. I'd be glad to teach you how to contact your animal guide. You've got a date. Analysis, Mr Kim. Seven AU's in diameter. Sensors reading gamma and thermal emissions. - Our shields can handle it. - Mr Paris, any problems for navigation? I'm showing mostly hydrogen, helium and hydroxyl radicals. Some local dust nodules. I don't see them giving us trouble. Mr Tuvok, can you find us a rich deposit of omicron particles in there? There is a significant concentration 64 million kilometres inside the perimeter. - Set coordinates. - Aye, Captain. Engines at one-quarter impulse. Engage. - I've never seen anything like it. - Tuvok to Kim. That is a comment we'd prefer not to hear from a senior officer on the bridge. - It makes the junior officers nervous. - Yes, sir. Density has increased to 42%. - Cause? - Not sure. We seem to be drawing some interstellar dust toward us. Engineering, could our impulse engines be attracting it? It's a good possibility, Captain. I'm showing the dust with a return force ratio of 4:1. - Recommend we go to thrusters. - Engage thrusters. - Ahead, slow. - Density still increasing. - Up by 70% now. - Mr Tuvok? The resistance poses no danger to the hull. - How far to your omicron deposits? - 12,400 kilometres. Maintain course and... Report! - We're at a dead stop. - Shutting down thrusters. - We've encountered an energy barrier. - Natural or artificial? We're not reading any directed energy source. My guess is it's natural. - How far are we from the particles? - Just over 7,000 kilometres. This energy barrier may be related to those particles. Mr Kim, if you can get a transporter beam through... The barrier's thoron emissions would disrupt the beam. Can we take the ship through the barrier? The barrier appears to be only 50 metres deep. Four seconds at maximum thrust should do it. All right. Maximum shields. Engage full thrusters for four seconds. Acknowledged. Engaging thrusters. - What do you make of it, Mr Tuvok? - I am unable to offer an identification. Kim to Tuvok. In other words, you've never seen anything like it. I promise not to tell the junior officers. Captain, the breach we just made when we penetrated the field... It just closed behind us. Kes! Now look what she's gotten us into! - Do all nebulas look like that? - I wouldn't know. I'm smart enough to go around nebulas when I encounter them. These people are natural born explorers. These people are natural born idiots, if you ask me. They don't appreciate what they have. This ship rivals any within 100 light years, and what do they do with it? "Let's see if we can't find some space anomaly today that might rip it apart!" I don't think the Captain is an idiot. She cares a lot about her crew. Then why introduce them to the spectre of death at every opportunity? And I speak as a member of that crew. I wouldn't have asked you along if I'd known... - I think it's wonderful. - Wonderful? If I were Captain, I'd open every crack in the universe and peek inside, too. I don't deny the romantic... quality of this sort of casting about. I wouldn't exactly call it wonderful. Although, it's getting more wonderful by the minute. I've never kissed anyone inside a nebula before. What did I tell you? Red Alert. - They're penetrating our shields. - Reverse the shield polarity. They appear to be made up of a non-reactive material. - Are we under attack? - No indication of directed fire. Torres to bridge. These things are sticking to the hull. - I read a drain on our energy reserves. - Why would we be losing energy? I'm not sure. They seem to be drawing it right through the shield grid. We've lost 5% of our energy reserves. Let's shut down non-essential systems. Reversing shield polarity hasn't helped. - Energy reserves down 8%. - This is not what I had in mind. - Take us back through the barrier. - Reversing course. - Full thrusters. - Thrusters firing. We're not penetrating the barrier. Build-up of magnesite dust along the barrier. - Engineering, I need more power. - We can't go back to impulse, Captain. I can burn the aft thrusters beyond recommended limits. - Proceed. - Adding deuterium to rear thrusters. We have 38 photon torpedoes at our disposal. - And no way to replace them. - Aft thrusters at 105%... 115%. Barrier still holding. We need something else. - Give me a two-second phaser blast. - Firing phasers. - The barrier is undamaged, Captain. - Ready a photon. Mr Paris, assuming we breach it, it's likely to close as fast as before. - I'll be riding the tail of our torpedo. - Torpedo loaded. - Align coordinates with ship's heading. - Done. Fire. 50,000 km to the perimeter. I'm having trouble navigating the energy currents. It's like a Toarian ice storm out there. - 35,000 km to perimeter. - Energy reserves still falling. 15,000 km. - We've cleared the central mass. - Stand down Red Alert. Take us to 2,000 km off the perimeter and hold position. Get a sample of that matter off the hull for Torres to analyse. I'd like to know what humbled the ship's defences. How much of our energy reserves did we lose? 11%, Captain. I'm just gonna have to give up coffee. That's all there is to it. - Dark enough for ya? - What? Get up, Harry. Something you gotta see. See? How'd you get in here? You'd be surprised the things you learn in prison. MacAllister. James Mooney MacAllister. The guy never slept. He'd study until dawn. The only way I could sleep was to wear a mask. - You could've changed roommates. - Are you kidding? He got me through quantum chemistry. Besides, I got used to wearing it. It reminds me of being in the womb. To be reminded of something, you have to first... I remember being in my mother's womb. - Right. - I do. So what is it you have to show me? Nothing that's gonna compare to your mother's womb. Computer, activate holodeck program Paris 3. Hey, it's Tom! Welcome, Tom, welcome! - Hey, Tom! - What do you think? - What is it, a French bistro? - It's where I hung out at the Academy. I chose the Starfleet base at Marseilles for my physical training. I always had a thing about the French. And the French always had a thing about you, Monsieur Thomas. And with a name like Paris and a face like that, how could anyone resist? - Sandrine, this is my friend Harry Kim. - Enchanté. She owns the place. It's been in her family 600 years. Tommy? It's about time. I've been waiting for you. This is Ricky. I include her in all my holoprograms. - Hi. - Hi. Your friend, the gigolo, wouldn't leave me alone. It's what I do, Tom. Nothing personal. French father, Daliwakan mother. She just sits and waits for you, huh? Like a little puppy dog? - I wouldn't have it any other way. - Oh, really. I thought you liked your women with a little bite? Everyone knows about your bite, Sandrine. It's when you start sucking blood they get scared. Monsieur, can I get you something to drink? - Just a cup of tea. - Harry, this is France. Break open a bottle of that '46 Saint Emilion you save behind the bar. I don't like to drink this late at night. I get heartburn. Harry, it's holographic wine. It doesn't give you acid. - Try to get in the mood, huh? - Sorry. I learned a great deal at the Academy, most of it right here. Oui, and most of it from me. I found this place after my pocket was picked by the harbour. Somebody picked your pocket? On Earth? They just do it for tourists. They give it back... most of the time. Nine ball in the corner pocket. You see that pool table, Harry? The table at Sandrine's has always attracted the world's greatest hustlers. I thought I'd program in some of the great players. Eight ball in the cross side. Gaunt Gary, Ames Pool Hall, New York City, 1953. They say that he hustled the great Willie Mosconi himself. - Was he some famous billiard player? - The game is pool, kid. Pool. Care to wager a fin on a game or two? He's not ready for you yet, Gary. Let me teach him a few tricks first. Watch out for him, kid. He can swallow your wallet without ever losing his smile. - I'll keep it in mind. What's a fin? - I'm not sure. Some old kind of Scandinavian currency. Come on. I'll rack 'em up, you pick out a cue. Harry, this is my idea of home. My little piece of Earth out here in the Delta Quadrant. You shrug it off, or you like to make the rest of us think you're shrugging it off. - But you miss it too, don't you? - What? Home. Your shot, Harry. Computer, activate Emergency Medical Holographic Program. Please state the nature of the medical emergency. - Why do you have to say that? - I don't know my programmer's motives. Perhaps he thought I'd be summoned for important reasons. Don't you think you ought to change your program? An interesting concept, a hologram that programs himself. What would I do with that ability? Create a family? An army? I know some holographic programming. I could probably reprogram you. - That makes me feel confident. - You have a lousy attitude. If you don't like it, there's a man at the Holoprogramming Centre you can write to. His name is Zimmerman. He looks a lot like me, actually. Not that I don't enjoy the repartee, but was there a reason you stopped in? - I need a second opinion on this. - Who gave you the first? I did. It's a sample of residue we picked up in a nebula. What were we doing in a nebula? No, wait, don't tell me. We were "investigating”. That's all we do. Why pretend we're going home at all? We're going to investigate every millimetre of this quadrant. It's isolinear. No polycyclic structures but... But this is what brought you to me, isn't it? - The nucleogenic peptide bonds. - Is it some kind of phosopholipid fibre? And you were doing so well. No, I suspect it's something far more interesting than that. Come in. Repair crews have de-goussed the hull. Good. Let's plan an 0700 departure. - What's this? - My medicine bundle. I've never shown it to anyone before. After what you said, I thought I should to let you see it. Will it help me find my animal guide? Eventually you'll have to assemble your own bundle. But this will allow me to assist you in your quest for a guide. Now? Now. A blackbird's wing. A stone from the river. - An Akoonah. - Akoonah? My ancestors used psychoactive herbs in their vision quests. They're no longer necessary. We have found more modern ways to search for animal guides. Place your hand on it. And concentrate on the stone. A-koo-che-moy-a. We are far from the sacred places of our grandfathers. We are far from the bones of our people. But perhaps there is one powerful being who will embrace this woman and give her the answers she seeks. Allow your eyes to close. Breathe to fuel the light in your belly. And let it expand until the light is everywhere. Prepare yourself to leave this room and this ship and return to a place where you were the most content and peaceful you have ever been. You can see all around you and hear the sounds of this place. I know this place. It's... Do not discuss what you see, or you will offend your animal guide. As you continue to look around, you will become aware of other life that shares this place with you. It will be the first animal you see. That is the one you will speak to. Do you see an animal? Yes. Speak to it. - What do I say? - You know what you want to ask. I'm sorry. I should've asked for no interruptions. Come in. The Commander was introducing me to my animal guide. I hope you have better luck with yours than I had with mine. B'Elanna tried to kill her animal guide. Sorry to interrupt. We have a surprising analysis of the matter left on the hull. - It's organic. - Microscopic life-forms in the nebula? That's not what I mean. They're clearly elements of a much larger life-form. It appears, Captain, that this nebula is not a nebula at all. I'm curious, what are you looking for? I need to know if we did serious harm to this life-form. You ran your ship through it, fired phasers at it, and blew a hole in it. - I'd say it's a pretty good chance... - Computer, mute audio. - Isolate that concentration of omicron. - That would be right here. Mr Tuvok? I'm afraid the concentration is far lower than previously. It seems many of the particles have now moved outside the energy barrier. Could they be leaking from the breach we made? That would be a logical conclusion. All the phenomena we've encountered may be its natural defence systems. The way the barrier protected the omicron suggests it was a vital organ. So it seems clear we've hurt an innocent life-form. - How do we repair the harm done? - Captain? - Computer, resume audio. - How kind of you. It may interest you that the analysis of the organic sample suggests this life-form has the capacity to regenerate. The process may simply need a helping hand. Any ideas on stimulating regeneration? - Lieutenant Torres has the answer. - I do? You observed that this life-form has a nucleogenic structure. If the life-form has a nucleogenic structure... ...nucleonic radiation ought to assist its healing process. A nucleonic beam along the edges of the breach should promote regeneration. Bravo. Take us to Yellow Alert and advise the crew that we're going to re-enter the life-form. Mr Kim, review all systems and see if you can provide new safeguards. Tuvok, your job is to find some modification of the shields that will hold off this life-form's natural defence systems. We begin at 1300 hours. Dismissed. The bantan is a little on the spicy side. Kes grows them in the hydroponic garden. Avoid the little pink things, and you'll be fine. All personnel report to stations. Yellow Alert. - Now what? Neelix to Chakotay. - We're very busy. What is it? I was just starting to serve... Sorry. That nebula is actually a life-form. We're going back in to repair the damage. Chakotay out. Go back in! Hello? Well, that's it! I've had it. - Neelix. - I'm going to the Captain about this. Come in. I understand that this nebula we've discovered is some kind of monster. Not a monster, but it is a life-form. Excuse me if I sound crazy. Someone may be playing a joke on me. Are you planning to take us back into the belly of this beast? - No joke. - Why? Because we hurt it, and we have to help it recover. I did not come on board this ship to be a veterinarian. I thought you were a man of unlimited talents. I just reached my limit. Kes and I will wait on board my little vessel for you to return. My crew is busy with this mission. I can't spare them to prepare your ship for launch. And I won't drop you off every time we hit a bump. When we're done, if you want to leave, you can. But for now, find a seat with a good view, because... just like Jonah and the whale, you're going in. - Is that final? - Dismissed. That's a Starfleet expression for "get out". Jonah? Whale? - Approaching the perimeter. - Disengage impulse engines. Impulse engines off-line. - Engage thrusters one-third. - Thrusters engaged. Red Alert. Shields up, adaptive harmonics operational. Density is already double last time's. - Hull pressure at dangerous levels. - Mr Kim... Releasing positive ions through the nacelle should repel some of the dust. - Without further harming the creature? - I believe so. Very well. - Ion release confirmed. - Ambient density is dropping. - Hull pressure is decreasing also. - Hold your course. 14,000 km to the breach. - I can see it. - Magnify. - Engineering, ready nucleonic beam. - Ready and awaiting your orders. - Mr Paris, bring us into position. - Coming about, 40 degrees. Report! We're being hit by some kind of multi-polar charges. - They're not like the first time. - Shields 87%. - Will they hold? - The shields cannot compensate. We've lost the rear driver coil assembly. Inertial dampers are off-line. I'm losing control. Hold on! Engineering, emergency shutdown of all thrusters. The only way to shut them all down is to vent their deuterium into space. - We can't afford to lose all that fuel. - We have no choice. Do it. Cutting thrusters. Inertial dampers still off-line. Reset IDF baseline at 300 and reinitialise. Field processors coming back on-line. - Inertial damping restored. - All stop. Damage report. Electroplasma leaks on deck 14. Repair crews are being dispatched. - But we seem to be in one piece. - The optical data network is down. Yes, sir. I'll get right on it. Fourteen injuries reported, Captain. None serious. Any idea where we are, Mr Paris? 70,000 km from our former position. Deeper inside the creature than before. - Let's hope it has slow digestion. - Yes, ma'am. We need to reach the wound without causing a response. Suggestions? It's leaving us alone now we've cut all propulsion systems. Maybe that's what cues it to respond. We might be able to get back without any engines. - No engines? - We've seen energy currents. When we thought it was a nebula, we thought they were random eddies. But I'm wondering if they might be some kind of circulatory system. Mr Kim, do you read omicron particles in these currents? Affirmative, Captain. If the currents are distributing omicron around the life-form, the circulatory system might pass right by that wound. We could get in one of those currents and surf back. Use the reaction control thrusters in drift mode only, Mr Paris. We're on our way. Speed, all of 200 kph. Time for refreshment. Ailis pate, Felada onion crisps, stuffed Cardaway leaves. I appreciate the thought, but this is hardly the time. As morale officer on this ship, I insist a break is both healthy and necessary. Go on, Mr Vulcan. It might even help you loosen up. - Or not. - When did you become morale officer? A few minutes ago when I sensed crew morale might be especially low. - We were in free fall at the time. - Cooking always helps Neelix unwind. Yes. And after we stabilised, I certainly needed to. So I had a choice to either come up here and say, "I told you so"... ...or try to do something constructive to help out in my own humble manner. Try the stuffed Cardaway leaves, they're irresistible. Now, as your new morale officer, I thought we might sing a few songs. Don't push it. - Captain? - Well done, Mr Paris. Take us gently out of the current. Stay in drift mode. Aye, Captain. - Torres, prepare your nucleonic beam. - We're ready down here. Let us give it two doses to start. Five bursts at a two-second interval. Now. Analysis. Scanners are showing the regeneration rate up only 0.04%. I don't know what we can accomplish like this. The breach may simply be too large to seal. This is the Doctor. Please activate the Emergency Medical channel. I believe I may have a suggestion that will help. Since no one had the courtesy to turn me off, I've been able to observe your progress, or lack of it. I feel a slight change of treatment is needed. I've drawn on an ancient medical technique known as a suture. - Suture? - Before laser technologies, surgical fibre was used to stitch a wound to allow it to heal naturally. How does that help us? Your energy systems are compatible with its omicron particles, are they not? Then it is very likely this vessel could function as a suture. With an energy conduit across the wound, the life-form can regenerate more rapidly. And how do we get into the wound without getting trashed again? That's your problem, not mine. Doctor out. That's like asking a dog not to bite you while you treat it. Do you like dogs, Mr Paris? - Yes, I always had a dog. - I like dogs, too. When I had to clean out a cut on my dog's leg, I needed to create a little diversion first to take her mind off it. - Mr Kim, prepare a Class 4 microprobe. - Aye, Captain. If I gave you a short burst from our thrusters, could you manoeuvre into the breach in 10 seconds? I'd feel better if I had 20. Once we launch that probe, you might have ten, maybe even less. - Ten sounds good. - Mr Kim, status? Microprobe is loaded and ready. Set coordinates for launch at 160, mark 70, cut power after 500 metres. - I don't wanna hurt it again. - Acknowledged. Engineering, I'll need a one-second burst from our aft thrusters. Launch microprobe. - Thrusters. - Firing. - Multi-polar charges, high frequency. - Shields at 75% and holding. Maintain position. Direct two nucleonic beams, fore and aft, parallel to the central axis of the ship. Acknowledged. Beam engaged. I'm showing a rapid growth pattern along the wound. Regenerative matter approaching from both directions at 500 km per hour. - Hold position. - The shields are only designed for... - I know. Hold position. - Regenerative matter approaching. - Range, 30 km, fore and aft. - Engineering, ready full thrusters. - Mr Paris... - Just say when. Regenerative matter at 20 km. 15... 10. Disengage nucleonic beam. Fire thrusters. - Thrusters engaged. - Now, Mr Paris. 40,000 km to the perimeter. 30,000. The regeneration rate is up 40%. Looks like it's closing that wound. We've cleared the central mass. Captain's log, supplemental. Hoping to augment our energy reserves, we depleted them by 20%. As a result, we've set a new course for a planet 14 light years away that Neelix says might have compatible energy sources. It is out of our way, but circumstances offer few alternatives. So much for raising spirits. Turning in for the night, Captain? Actually, I'm going to talk to an animal and then turn in. Something Chakotay taught me. It's supposed to be quite therapeutic. - You might want to ask him about it. - I will. - Captain? - What is it, Ensign? I don't mean to be out of place, but you're welcome to join us. Join you where? Come on, Tommy, let's get outta here. Easy, honey, I'm setting the Indian up for the big hustle. But he's beating you. Yeah, that's exactly what he's supposed to think, too. Mr Kim tells me this is your doing, Mr Paris? Mr Kim tells me this is your doing, Mr Paris? Er, yeah. It's just a little diversion, Captain. One always knows when a woman of good breeding enters the room. Ma chérie... ...may I request your favourite song so that we may dance before I take you to my private felucca on the wharf and make passionate love to you? I'm sorry. If I knew you were coming... You would've changed it, and I would've missed all the fun. I just don't know what the dolls see in the gigolo, do you? I got a different approach to women. Treat a lady like a tramp and a tramp like a lady. Never fails. Paris, did you program this guy? - Yeah. Why? - He's a pig. And so are you. Almost never. - Is this pool or billiards? - Pool. Right. Pool's the one with the pockets. Would you mind if I gave it a try? Reculez-vous. Give the handsome young woman some room. - Tell me, does she have money? - Commander Chakotay, your stick? - It's called a cue, Captain. - Cue. All right. So what do we do? Do I go first? Solids. I saw that coming a mile away, didn't you? Ah, you've got a lot to learn. But then, I've got a lot to teach. Eight ball in the side pocket. A-koo-che-moy-a. We are far from the sacred places and the bones of our people. But perhaps there is one being who will embrace this crew and give them the answer they seek. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 