Star Trek: Voyager: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Star Trek: Voyager 
 s1e5 - The Cloud - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Star Trek: Voyager (1995–2001): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Cloud - full transcript 
 With power reserves running low, the crew of Voyager alters course to enter a nebula in which there is a usable power source or "coffee" as Captain Janeway puts it. However, once they enter the nebula they encounter numerous problems including being attacked by an unknown substance which cripples every defense system on the ship. The crew discovers the nebula was not a real nebula, but was in fact, a life form, and Voyager returns to help the creature recover from the damage they caused whilst trying to escape from it. This episode is the first time viewers are introduced to 'Sandrine's', a holodeck program created by Tom Paris. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Captain's log, stardate 48532.4. We're on our way to a rogue planetoid which is a rich source of dilithium. This could go a long way toward easing our power shortage. If we do find dilithium on this planetoid, we'll need a refining facility. Lieutenant Torres wants to modify the auxiliary impulse reactor. It could be converted into a crude dilithium refinery. The impulse reactor? B'Elanna tries to find solutions that ignore Starfleet procedures. - She thinks it can be done safely. - I'm sure it can. I want reports on her progress every step of the way. You won't join me for breakfast? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I was thinking of having eggs Benedict with asparagus, strawberries and cream... I said I was thinking about it. I'm actually having stewed tomatoes with dehydrated eggs. Sounds delicious but I've already had my vacuum-packed oatmeal. I'll see you on the bridge. - Enjoy it. - What is going on? - Captain, you caught me by surprise. - What are you doing? I know you and the other senior officers have been disappointed with the rations so I'm using a few vegetables from the hydroponics bay to whip up a little breakfast. You've turned this into a galley? I had to reroute the mess hall power conduits and scrounge supplies from all over. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But my specialty is making something out of nothing. In a few days you'll swear there's been a galley here for years. Careful. That one is spicy. - Who approved this? - Well... no one. You might have asked me first. This used to be my private dining room. Yours? If you had checked the directory you'd have noticed that this is the Captain's private dining room. Then I'll guess you'll want me to move all this stuff out of your way. Bridge to Captain Janeway. We're approaching the rogue planetoid. On my way. Come with me. We will deal with this later. Ensign Parsons, would you keep an eye on things? Rotate the darvot fritters until they turn a deep chartreuse. Remember, one to a customer. - What have you found? - Definite dilithium signatures. The strongest readings are from 20 kilometres inside the planetoid. There are subterranean caves with an oxygen-nitrogen atmosphere. It'll be easier if we can go in without environmental suits. - How much dilithium is there? - It's hard to get a precise reading. It could be anywhere from 500 to 1,000 metric tons. Just as I said. I bet there are a few dilithium engineers who'd give their spinal columns to know where this planet is. Take an away team and do a preliminary geological analysis. Get your dilithium refinery on-line. - It'll be ready to go in three days. - Ensign Kim? - Where are you going? - With you. I've been studying tricorder operations. I'm up-to-date on dilithium geophysics. I've been preparing for this mission all week. - Very well, Mr Neelix. - I think you'll find me extremely helpful. The first time I flew past this planet... Deck 4. There are several large deposits in this vicinity. Let's split up and take geological scans. Keep your com channels open and don't wander too far. Stay within 50 metres of this position. - Chakotay to Kim. - Go ahead. I'm still picking up dilithium signatures but there are no dilithium formations. - Have you found anything? - I'm analysing the rock here. - There's no indication of dilithium. - Keep looking. - Neelix to Commander Chakotay. - Go ahead. I think I've found something - a large cavern approximately 20 metres from my position. - I'm reading a huge dilithium formation. - Don't go any further. Stay within the search radius. - I'll be with you in a minute. - But it's right here. I'm in the cavern now, Commander. But... I don't understand this. Let me guess. Nothing there. Not so much as a sliver of dilithium, yet I should be surrounded by it. I've had enough of this. We're heading back to the ship. - Rendezvous at the... - Wait a minute. I'm getting unusual readings from this rock face. Traces of organic energy. Looks like a bioelectrical signature. I think there's something alive down here. It's about two metres into this rock face. Neelix, I said get back here. - Neelix, did you hear me? - Just one minute, Commander. Hello? Is there someone there? Hello? I know there's somebody. Neelix, what's wrong? Neelix! - Kim! - I'm on my way, sir. I think he's in shock. Chakotay to Voyager. Beam us directly to sickbay. - Get the blood-gas infuser. - The what? Equipment storage unit 2, second shelf on the left. Now! Hold him still. - What's happening? - He's going into a coma. This will keep his oxygen levels stable for an hour, then he'll die. His lungs have been removed. - Then he was unconscious. - How could organs be removed so fast? They used some kind of transporter to beam the lungs out of his body. - What happened? - Neelix was attacked. We don't know how it happened, but someone has removed his lungs. - Did you find the lifesign he reported? - No. I've analysed Neelix's sensor logs. There was a single class-3 humanoid organism. The infuser will keep him alive for another 47 minutes. The only chance for survival is to get his own lungs back. Can't we fit artificial lungs? His respiratory system is linked to points along his spine. It's too complex. I may be able to reattach the organs if we get them back. For now I'll have to search for other options. I'm taking an away team back to the planet. You're in charge. I want three armed security detachments to come with us. Issue type-3 phasers. Did they teach you how to run a respiratory series at the Academy? - No, I'm afraid they didn't. - Fine. I'll run it myself. Get me a pulmonary scanner. I have to ask you to leave. - I'm not leaving. - OK. Just keep out of the way. This is where Neelix was when he was attacked. He was scanning this rock face when he detected the lifesign. He said there was a lifesign two metres behind this wall. But my tricorder says there's nothing but solid rock for 15 metres. Our tricorders aren't giving us the real picture. Wait a minute. The rock is warmer here. There's a two-degree differential. No natural geological phenomena could create this heat. Let's make some heat of our own. - There was a force field in place. - There's a chamber down here. Doc, I think his cellular toxicity level is rising. Let's see if we can stabilise those levels. Get me a cytoplasmic stimulator. - We don't have one. - Then replicate one. The design schematics are in the ship's medical database. The man drives a starship so someone thinks he'd make a good medic. Can I survive with one lung? What if I donated one to Neelix? No one aboard is a compatible match for a Talaxian. We need a completely new way to oxygenate his blood supply and relay neuro-electrical impulses. We can't produce compatible artificial organs but maybe there's a way to mimic their functions and give us control of his respiratory system. Computer, is there an identification matrix on Neelix? - Affirmative. - Transfer it to console 4. - What are you doing? - Getting specifications for his lungs. - You said we can't replicate them. - We can't. But if I can reconfigure my emitter array, I might be able to create a pair of holographic lungs. Holographic lungs? We could control his pulmonary functions to allow normal breathing. But a hologram is just a projection of light. There's no real matter involved. Now... You hit me. The containment field that creates my body can allow matter to pass through it or... be stopped. I can modulate the lungs that way, allowing oxygen to pass to the bloodstream. What does this mean? What are you going to do to him? - There's no time to explain. - Well, make the time. I won't let you perform any experimental surgery on him until I know what you're doing and what the risks are. The risk is that it won't work, and if it doesn't, he'll die. But it is his only chance for survival. If he does survive he'll have to be held motionless. The lungs need to be perfectly aligned. There can't be any body movement whatsoever. - For how long? - The rest of his life. Unless we are able to retrieve his original organs. He will never be able to leave this room. The holo-lungs would disappear. Kes... I know it sounds pretty grim, but it's better than losing him completely. This way, he'll still be alive. Maybe we can find a better solution later. - What do you think Neelix would want? - I'm not sure. But I do know that I want him to live. This room is the source of the dilithium signature. The power systems are running on a dilithium matrix. - So there are no dilithium deposits here. - It would appear not. Are these organs? This looks like a storage facility. Yes. This appears to be a biological repository. - Any sign of Neelix's lungs? - Negative. But there is a Kazon liver. I cannot identify the other organs here, but they look like pulmonary organs, epidermal tissue, nerve fibre... Save the cataloguing. There was a life-form in here ten minutes ago. Open it. One lifesign 20 metres ahead. Let's go. They have erected a force field. We will not be able to disrupt it. Voyager to Captain Janeway. An alien ship just left the planet. - Tractor them. - They went into warp too quickly. Beam us back then lay in a course for pursuit. Maximum warp. OK. The restraint is activated. He won't be able to move more than two microns. One micron would be preferable but it'll have to do. Initiating the holographic emitter array. His cellular toxicity is rising. 82%...86%. Computer, activate programme Neelix-1. Deactivate the infuser. - It's off-line. - Here we go. 90%...95%. Toxicity returning to normal. Captain's log, supplemental. We are pursuing the alien ship. They are not responding to hails. Our two ships are evenly matched for speed. Holographic lungs? Yes. And they're working perfectly, if I do say so myself. Try to breathe normally. - How long can I live like this? - I don't know. This is an unprecedented procedure. We will closely monitor your condition. When do I get out of this restraint? Unless Captain Janeway retrieves your lungs, you'll have to stay in the restraint indefinitely. Indefinitely? You mean I could be in here the rest of my life? Yes. But we're trying to find the aliens that did this. The Captain's doing everything she can. Well, if I'm gonna be in here a while... now is as good a time as any to tell you. Your ceiling is hideous. - I didn't design the room. - A bit of colour would help. Maybe a nice tapestry or a painting. - Could you dim the lights a little? - I'm a doctor, not a decorator. Perhaps you would be willing to accommodate his aesthetic needs. Some music would be nice. Or better yet, are you programmed to sing? Janeway to Paris. Please report to the bridge. I'm on my way. - You know where I am if you need me. - Thanks for everything. Oh, fine. I have a little accident and lose a pair of lungs. And the next thing I know, Paris is swooping in like a Rectilian vulture. - What are you talking about? - Didn't you hear the way he spoke? "I'll be on the bridge if you need me." - If you need me. - Neelix... Why doesn't he pull the plug on the holographic emitter? He could have you all to himself. You're overreacting. Tom's been very supportive. Ah, so it's "Tom" now, is it? You have nothing to worry about. We're just friends. It's not you I'm worried about. It's him. He's just one big hormone walking around the ship. Don't you see the way that he looks at you? This is ridiculous. I'm not going to argue with you about something that exists only in your imagination. I know you, Neelix. And I know you're afraid. I just want you to know that whatever happens, I'll be here with you. Kes, I could be in here a very long time. You need to go on with your life. Don't worry about me. Neelix... - You should just let me die. - Stop that! - We'll get through this together. - Visiting hours are over. He needs rest. - When can I come back? - 1700 hours. Not a minute before. I'll see you then. I'm not going to kiss you. I'm only adjusting the restraint. I'll try to contain my disappointment. We've completed our diagnostic on the alien device. It's more than a weapon. It's a medical scanner and surgical instrument. It uses a neural resonator to stun the victim while it begins a micro-cellular analysis of the body. This thing puts a tricorder to shame. This teaches you all about someone's anatomy, right down to their DNA sequencing. So these aliens have developed a technology to locate and extract organs from other beings. - Why? - Captain. The alien ship is approaching a large asteroid. - On screen. - It's entered the asteroid. - Hold position. Mr Kim? - I can't scan the interior. The surface stratum is made up of a neutronium alloy. - It doesn't look like a natural formation. - Someone built it? - It's possible. - Any sign of defence systems? - Negative. - I've found where the ship entered. - There's an open crater on the rim. - Let's see it. The ion trail from the alien ship leads directly inside. - How large is that crater? - 200 metres in diameter. Captain, consider carefully what you're about to do. - How do you know what that is? - I could describe to you in detail the psychological observations I've made about you which lead me to think you will take us inside the asteroid. But suffice it to say, I know you quite well. One of these days I'm going to surprise you. But not today. I've considered other options. If Neelix has any chance of surviving, we have to act fast. - Red Alert. Mr Paris, lay in a course. - Aye, Captain. Mr Tuvok, maximum shields. Phasers at the ready. Captain, I'm reducing power to the aft thrusters only. This passageway is getting a little too narrow. Use your discretion, Mr Paris. Any sign of the vessel? We're following the ion trail but our sensor range is limited. I'm only able to scan 500 metres ahead of us. Are we being scanned or probed? Not yet. Doctor? - Doctor, I require your assistance. - What is it? - Please! It's urgent! - Yes? - I have an itch. - An itch. Just above my left eyebrow. A little higher. - Oh, thank you. - You're quite welcome. - Don't leave! - I'm not leaving. - I'm simply going back to work. - I can't see you over there. - I feel alone. - You are alone. I'm a holographic projection. One with a lot of work to do. That's very amusing, Doctor. But I'm really starting to feel a little trapped in here. A little claustrophobic maybe. - I'm not sure what to do. - Just lie there and be quiet. I'm going to lie here for the rest of my life, aren't I? Just staring up at the ceiling. I'm not sure I can take that. I really need to get out of this restraint. Doctor, I want you to let me out of this thing right now. - You know that's impossible. - I know what my rights are. I want to be released from this restraint immediately. Immediately! Mr Neelix, you are alive. You are breathing. That is more than most people can say in your situation. It is critical that you not subject yourself to any additional stress. - Calm down. - Don't tell me to calm down! You're not the one trapped in a restraining field with holo... holo-lungs. I don't think they're working. I can't... can't get enough oxygen. - There's something wrong. - You're hyperventilating. Try to take slow, natural breaths. I can't... I'm dying. Let me out of here. Help me! Help me! Help me! - You're doing just fine, Mr Paris. - Thanks, Captain. Sensors detect a large chamber ahead. What the hell...? We're seeing Voyager and the alien ship reflecting off the walls. Which ship is the real one? I don't know. The walls are emanating interference. - I cannot scan them. - It's like a hall of mirrors. You never know when you'll hit the glass. I'm still picking up the alien's ion trail. Maybe we should follow that. They might have left a fake trail to lure us in. - It could lead us into a wall. - That's a chance we'll have to take. Extend the deflectors to maximum range. That will give us a margin of error. Follow the ion train, Mr Paris. Slowly. - Mr Kim, continue with scans. - Aye, Captain. - I'll try to reassure him. - Good. I'd like you to remain in sickbay so you're here when he wakes up. Of course. - Are you all right? - Me? - You seem agitated. - This situation is getting out of control. You mean Neelix? First there's no doctor so I have to be on call 24 hours a day. Then there are no nurses so I have no assistance. I thought Tom Paris was assigned to you. Like I said, no one to assist me. And now I have a patient with severe emotional problems and there's no counsellor on board. I am an Emergency Medical supplement. A supplement. That's all. I wasn't programmed for any of this. It's just... unacceptable. I don't know anything about holograms, but you haven't been acceptable, you've been remarkable. I've only done what the program allows me to. Give yourself some credit. You saved his life. You did. Not some program. - It may seem that way... - That's exactly how it seems. You're very... kind. How does a real doctor learn to deal with patients' emotions? - From experience. - Aren't you capable of learning? I can accumulate and process data, yes. Then I guess you'll just have to learn. Like the rest of us. Have you considered a career in medicine? Neelix is regaining consciousness. There's a minor fluctuation in the warp core. Compensate with the KLS stabiliser. No effect. The power loss is accelerating. - What's going on? - Some kind of power drain. I can't localise it but we're losing power at a rate of 7% per minute. The power drain is in this chamber. Some kind of dampening field. - It's bleeding energy from the nacelles. - Shut down the warp core. Go to emergency power. - No effect. - Keep me informed. Bridge out. What's the source of the field? It appears to be coming from 217, mark 015. Distance, 547 metres. What would happen if we fired at the source? The walls of this chamber reflect energy. The phaser beam would ricochet, possibly impacting our ship. - We won't try that. - Maybe we should. What would happen if we reduced the power level to a minimum setting and sent out a continuous beam? The phaser would reflect until it encountered a non-reflective material. A non-reflective material. Like the real alien ship. We could use the phasers like a searchlight, scan until we find the ship. - Exactly. - Do it. - Adjusting phaser azimuth. - I think I've found the real ship. On screen. Bring us within transporter range of that ship. - Two lifesigns. - They're powering engines. Transporter room 3, beam them aboard. Security, meet me in transporter room 3. You're on the starship Voyager. I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway of the United Federation of Planets. I'm Dereth of the Vidiian Sodality. You attacked one of our crew members and you've lured us here. Why? We're gathering replacement organs and suitable bio matter. It is the only way we have to fight the phage. A virus? Some kind of disease? Yes. It attacked our people over two millennia ago. It consumes our bodies, destroys our genetic codes and cellular structures. So you harvest the bodies of other beings to replace your own tissues as they're consumed by this phage? Our immuno-technology cannot keep up. The phage adapts. It resists all attempts to destroy it. Our society has been ravaged. Thousands die each day. There is no other way for us to survive. I have a great... sympathy for what your race has endured. But you cannot keep the organs you removed from my crew member. We need them back immediately. I'm afraid that isn't possible. I have already biochemically altered the air-breathing organs, and grafted them into Motura's body. They are a part of him now. He is my honatta. His task is to find the organs I need for survival. We... we try to extract them from the dead... But sometimes, when the need is immediate, more aggressive actions are required. So now I'm left with the same choice you made - whether to commit murder to save a life, or to allow my own crewman to die, while you breathe air through his lungs. It must be impossible for you to understand how any civilised people could come to this. Before the phage began, we were known as educators and explorers, a people whose greatest achievements were artistic. I myself am a sculptor of note on my world. All I can say is that when your entire existence is at stake... You don't have to explain yourself, Motura. If the consequence of this act is a death sentence... so be it. At least it will put an end to my suffering. I can't begin to understand what your people have gone through. They can ignore the moral implications of this, but I have no such luxury. I don't have the freedom to kill you to save another. My culture finds that to be a reprehensible, unacceptable act. If we were closer to home, I'd turn you over to my authorities. But I don't even have that ability, and I won't carry you forever in our brig. So I see no other alternative... but to let you go. And take a message to your people. If I ever encounter your kind again, I will do whatever is necessary to protect my people from your harvesting. Any aggressive actions against this ship or its crew will be met by the deadliest force. Is that clear? Quite. Wait. I want to see this crewman of yours. - That can serve no useful purpose. - Maybe it can. Our technology may be superior to theirs. From what we've observed, they are considerably superior. She spared my life. Our lives. We must see if there's anything we can do to help him. I'll take you to him. His simulated organs are primitive. It's amazing he is still alive. This is set to scan only. Proceed. Carefully. Strange. According to my readings, you are not here. Believe me, I wish I weren't. The rest of you are healthy. You are compatible for organ transplant. Wait. We've already considered this. Talaxian physiology is different from anyone else's. His immune system would reject their lungs. Your surgical knowledge is inferior. We will simply adapt his immunogenicity. It won't be a problem. Which of you will donate a lung? - Me. - No. It's too dangerous. Let someone else do it. I want to do it, Neelix. I'm willing to take the risk. You've done so much for me. Let me give you something. Just for once. All right. I'll look forward to sampling your cooking. You mean I can keep my kitchen? Well, at least until we get the replicators back on-line. Thank you, Captain. And Captain? I'll see you at breakfast. Captain's log, supplemental. The aliens have transplanted one of Kes's lungs into Neelix. I have allowed them to beam back to their vessel. We are resuming a course home. It's all right. The operation was a success. Neelix is asleep and breathing on his own. With your lung. - I feel a little light-headed. - That will pass. You'll adapt to diminished lung capacity. The Captain has given me permission to train you as a medical assistant. You'll be a back-up for Mr Paris. Or possibly a replacement. - That is, assuming you're interested. - Of course I'm interested. - When do we start? - As soon as you've fully recovered. Thank you, Doctor. Thank you. You've given me a lot to think about. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 