Star Trek: Voyager: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Star Trek: Voyager 
 s1e11 - Heroes and Demons - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Star Trek: Voyager (1995–2001): Season 1, Episode 11 - Heroes and Demons - full transcript 
 After Harry Kim disappears during his 'Beowulf' holonovel program, Chakotay and Tuvok are sent to investigate and they disappear. Not wanting to lose any more crew-members, the Doctor is transfered to the holodek to investigate. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Commander! Look at this. I think they're some kind of apple. There are trees filled with them just over that ridge. Kaylos. Aren't they gorgeous? One bite will kill you. Puff you up like a vakol fish. First your windpipe swells. Just when you think you're gonna die of suffocation, you get a sharp pain in your knees, which works its way right up to... I think we get the picture. Sorry, Mr Carey. Just remember the old trader's axiom - never judge a fruit by its skin. On the other hand... Take a bite. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - What is it? - A leola root. - You expect us to eat this? - This is the reason I brought you here. There's no better source of vitamins and minerals than in this ugly root. I'd prefer another source if it tasted better. You humans! You're not used to roughing it, are you? Take it from one who knows. The day may come when you'll relish every last crunch of leola. Stewed for hours in a herbal broth, you wouldn't even notice the mildew. Captain, I don't think we're alone. Mr Tuvok, run a lateral EM scan for me. Coordinates 81, mark 40. - Running scan. - What do you see? It's like a reflection when it moves into a certain angle from the sun. He's correct. I am picking up an ionisation trail. Another ship is in orbit. - Using a cloaking device? - Not a cloaking device as we know it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I don't know what it is, but the ship does employ masking circuitry. Voyager to away team. Any unexpected lifesigns down there? Nothing but bloodworms. Neelix wants to bring some back for a tartare. An unidentified ship is in low orbit. Prepare to transport back. Chakotay out. All units, report to transport site A immediately. A polaron burst may give us visual contact. Do it. Kazon. The hull conforms to Kazon-Nistrim specifications. Voyager to away teams. Return to the ship. Acknowledged. Transporter room, begin on my command. Where's Ensign Seska? Chakotay to Seska. Transporter room, can you locate Seska's combadge signal? I'm not reading any sign of her. She was picking berries over there. There were caves nearby. A cave might block her combadge signal. Get back to the ship. I'm gonna look for her. - Thank the Prophets! - What are you doing? I saw mushrooms growing by the cave mouth. I wanted to make your favourite soup. I appreciate that, but we've got to get out of here. Captain's log, stardate 48658.2. We left orbit without further interference from the Kazon. Chakotay was injured, but is recovering from his wounds. Come in. I didn't think I'd make it. - Feeling better? - Yeah. What have you got there? - Real food. - Neelix made mushroom soup! Are you kidding? The man wanted to stretch the mushrooms with leola root. We got into a tug-of-war with the mushrooms. It was ludicrous. Tuvok and Kes broke us up. Then Neelix threw me out. - So how did you... - Strictly a Maquis operation. First we arranged for a little morale crisis. A couple of our people came down with severe homesickness. Neelix, our devoted morale officer, came in to cheer them up. While they are all singing Rakan folk songs, we broke into the kitchen. You looted the food reserves? If he's not gonna give us a decent meal... I can't believe you did this. It's not like we're hiding anything. I did bring soup to the first officer. Thanks for including me in a criminal conspiracy. The morale crisis ended a few minutes ago, so... The morale crisis ended a few minutes ago, so... - Neelix to Chakotay. - ...he probably does. - Go ahead. - I'd like to report a crime. Someone has broken into my kitchen and stolen food from their crew-mates. - I know. - It was Seska, wasn't it? - Everyone will be disciplined. - For punishment, I'd recommend... Thank you. I'll handle that. Chakotay out. Replicator privileges revoked for two days. Everyone, including me. - They're not going to do it. - Then I'll put them in the brig. You'd put me in the brig? After all we've been through? The soup was worth losing the replicator privileges. Admit it. - That's not the point. - I get the point. Can we make up now? Who else can make your favourite soup like me? No one. But we agreed a long time ago this wouldn't work. Look around. There aren't that many potential mates out here. Of course, if you're not interested... I have had my eye on young Ensign Kim. All senior officers, please report to the bridge. We require help. Immediately. Anyone who can hear this message, please help. Scanners picked up the distress signal three minutes ago. The ship is like the vessel we encountered. It is Kazon-Nistrim. Captain, this may be a trap. The Kazon-Nistrim is one of the most violent sects in the Kazon collective. We need assistance. We have lost all bridge operations. Barely able to function. Please assist. Mr Kim, can you determine if this ship has sustained genuine damage? Fluctuating nucleonic patterns might indicate a reactor breakdown on board. Mr Paris, identify any other Kazon ships that might be in the area. - Nothing showing up, Captain. - Set a heading to intercept. - New heading entered. - I take your warning seriously. We'll act with caution, but if we can help, we should. Besides, this may be an opportunity to make a friend. And out here, we can use all the friends we can get. What could do something like this? I'm showing high levels of nucleonic radiation. It seems to be isolated in that area. The ship's containment systems were activated when the radiation entered. We should be safe as long as we stay on this side of the force field. Someone's alive over here. Away team to Voyager. We've got a single male Kazon alive. - Transport him directly to sickbay. - Energising. The explosion emanated from this console. - Does something look odd to you? - The structure does not conform. There's something else strange. The residue has a .41 % trace of a neosorium composite. No one uses neosorium technology except for the Federation. So how did it get into the hands of the Kazon? Incredible. Somehow virtually every cell in his body has been altered. - Altered? - His cells have mutated. Or they've been fused with inorganic matter. I can't work it out. Look at this. His blood cells have bonded with metallic nuclei. Some crew members were melded with huge pieces of metal fragments. - He was luckier than the others. - That remains to be seen. I'm going to have to do a complete pyrocyte replacement. - I hope we find compatible donors. - I'll screen the crew. We'll let you know the results as soon as we can. Captain. There was an apparent Federation signature to the explosion. They were trying to install some new technology. They have a Federation weapon? A console was the source of the explosion. It's going to be hard to get to. - We can't transport it out? - Not with those levels of radiation. The transporter beam would disperse when it hit the cabin. - How could they have our technology? - There are only three alternatives. One, it is not Federation technology, but something similar. Bridge. Two, another Federation starship may have been in the Delta Quadrant, and they interacted with the Kazon. - Were there other missing starships? - No. Three, someone from this ship has given technology to the Kazon. Computer, hold turbolift. - I don't like number three at all. - But it is the most probable explanation. The Kazon ship we encountered at the planet was able to deceive our sensors. Perhaps someone transmitted instructions to them. Go through the transmission logs. Compare them to the actual telemetry. See if there's any evidence of prior contact with the Kazon. - Who could have met them? - A dozen people. We were scattered. You discovered Ensign Seska near them. Seska almost killed me because she thought I was Kazon. Nevertheless, regard her with caution for the time being. Why would anyone on this ship betray us? We're all in this together. We need some answers before the rumours get out of hand. Computer, resume. Releasing the force field would allow the radiation into the cabin. We could generate a localised subspace bubble. One minor subspace disruption and you're dead. I'd be willing to risk it. We could use an expander to manipulate the containment field. - Manipulate it how? - Move it out of the way. Rotate the field and the radiation away from the console. - Once it's clear, we have access. - How long will it take to set this up? We should be able to try by tomorrow. - I want it ready by the end of the day. - No. When I say tomorrow, I mean tomorrow. - Tomorrow is the best I can do. - Understood, Lieutenant. All right. We'll begin on the Kazon bridge. - Carey, Nicoletti, Seska. - No. I want Seska to coordinate the operation from our bridge. OK. Henard, you're with us. Dismissed. - What was that all about? - What? There's nothing to do on the bridge. - I disagree. We need... - What the hell is going on? There's some concern about you. What kind of concern? Concern because I found you near the Kazon on the planet. So now I'm a traitor. I sell technology to the enemy? You took me off my assignment! - I'm trying to protect you. - This is protection? You might as well tell the entire crew! You don't assign someone you don't trust to the bridge. I'm sorry. But if something goes wrong, I don't want you anywhere near it. Thanks for your concern. - How is he? - Not very good. We need to completely replace his blood. - Will he regain consciousness? - I'm not sure. Even if he does, I don't know what kind of brain damage there might be. He's the only one who knows what happened on that ship. The only one who can tell them I had nothing to do with it. - I don't understand. - Call me if he wakes up. All right. Ensign. Did you ever come in to leave a blood sample on file? No. I never got around to it. Why? I'm running a crew compatibility analysis. Your file never came up. My blood won't help you. I had a childhood disease that infected it. I was told never to donate blood. All the more reason we should have your blood on file. I will. Right now I have something more important to take care of. - Someone made a transmission. - And covered their tracks expertly. The signal was masked by a recent test of the dorsal emitters. - Who worked on it? - The whole engineering crew. We're trying to trace the station where the signal originated. They've made it difficult. It's like working backwards through a maze of circuits. Captain, Please report to the bridge. Another Kazon ship is trying to hail the disabled ship. They're not within visual range yet. - What's their ETA? - Four hours, 20 minutes. - Should I tell them we're here? - They probably know about us. We don't have anything good to tell them. Let's wait. I'm showing an auto sequence in transporter room 2. Someone's left. Computer, identify who just beamed off the ship. Ensign Seska. - Chakotay to Seska. - I don't have time to talk. - What are you doing? - Retrieving the console. - I want you back on this ship. - The Captain wants the console today. Carey's plan couldn't do it. Mine can. She may have gone back to destroy evidence that might implicate her. - She's gone back to prove herself to us. - Do you want me to transport her back? If we try to beam her out now we might kill her. Chakotay to Seska. Seska, respond! - Get her out! Send her to sickbay. - Energising. Prep 3 cc's kelotane. I'll need a dermal regenerator. Run a full blood scan. Have a seat, Mr Carey. How have things been going for you in engineering? Fine. Why? Is there a problem? You getting along all right with Lieutenant Torres? We've settled our differences. She was promoted to chief engineer over you. That might be difficult to accept. Captain, I accepted your decision, and I've made myself a valuable member of Lieutenant Torres's team. I can't believe she'd have any complaints. - She doesn't. - Then what am I doing here? Lieutenant, have you had any contact with the Kazon-Nistrim? What? You mean me, personally? No. Of course not. You were out of contact on the planet where we encountered the Kazon. You mean when I was picking those poison apples? Before we arrived at the planet, did you signal a Kazon-Nistrim ship? No. A signal was sent from your station during our dorsal emitter test. - My station? - Were you not in engineering? Well, yes. I was. But you know how it is during a systems analysis. - Did you see anyone at your station? - I don't remember. - Maybe you should ask Seska. - Why Seska? Everybody knows she was found in the cave with the Kazon. Look, I'm not saying she did anything wrong. But I didn't either. I'd like to believe you, Mr Carey. But somebody did contact the Kazon. And until we know who, I have to restrict you to quarters. - What do you think? - He had the motive and the chance. He's had a distinguished Starfleet career. Seska has spent two years as an enemy of the Federation. So have I. We're being hailed by the Kazon ship. I wish we had something more definitive to tell them. Open a channel. I am Kathryn Janeway, Captain of the Federation starship Voyager. My name is Culluh, First maje of the Kazon-Nistrim. What have you done to our ship? We responded to a call for help. By the time we were able to respond, all but one of the crew were dead. - I would like to speak to the survivor. - He hasn't regained consciousness. We could beam you aboard so you can see him. You will prepare for my arrival. Friendly sort. Captain. I'm glad you're here. I was just about to call you. Doctor, this is First maje Culluh of the Kazon-Nistrim. What's the latest report on your Kazon patient? The good news is, we've stabilised him. - We had to replace his blood. - Replace his blood? With what? The blood of volunteers from our crew. They saved his life. His own blood cells were killing him. They were changed by the accident. - Changed in what manner? - We don't know yet. We've been trying to access the source of the explosion, which should answer the questions. That will no longer be necessary. We will take the damaged vessel for inspection. I'm afraid I can't allow you to do that just yet. What gives you the right to interfere in our affairs? There was a Federation compound in the remains of the explosion. We believe that someone on board this ship gave technology to your people. Until we know what occurred, I can't release that ship to you. - That is not acceptable. - It will have to be. Your unique technologies make you brave. But you have only one ship. In less than a day there will be four Kazon vessels off your bow. Perhaps by then we'll have the answers. You will leave us with him. They'll want to take him back to their ship. I'd rather not let them just yet. He can answer questions. Can I say it's not safe to move him? - It will be the truth. - Good. - He's dead. - Get off this ship. There was nerve toxin in that needle. He died instantly. Captain, may we talk to you in my office? - It's about Seska. - Complications? I was analysing her blood chemistry to try to locate a compatible donor. But her blood was lacking all the common Bajoran blood factors. The only conclusion is that she is not Bajoran. It appears Seska has been genetically altered. My suspicion is she was born Cardassian. You think she's a Cardassian who infiltrated the Maquis? Cardassians do use cosmetic alterations to infiltrate an enemy. This is crazy. This is impossible. There's no other explanation for the medical anomalies. I'd like to hear her explanation. - Has she been told? - No. I'd like to be the one who questions her. Let's wait until we have the console. Janeway to Torres. - Yes, Captain. - Your status? We're finished with the computer simulations. - We're ready to beam over. - Good. Then let's get started. You were working for her. Seska was working for them. Was anyone on board that ship working for me? - The Kazon ship is hailing us. - Open a channel. On screen. You are trespassing on our vessel. We're attempting to retrieve the console that caused this explosion. If you remove anything from our ship, it will be considered an act of war. You know, I'm really easy to get along with most of the time. But I don't like bullies, and I don't like threats, and I don't like you, Culluh. Try and stop us from getting to the truth, but if you do I will respond with all the "unique technologies" at my command. Janeway out. Their weapon systems are standing down. They do not appear to pose a threat. Not until reinforcements get here. Janeway to away team. - We're finished, Captain. - I beg your pardon? Decontamination went exactly as planned. The console has been transported to engineering. Acknowledged. Well done, away team. We'll meet you in engineering. Of all the things to die for. It's a food replicator, or at least it was trying to be. We may take replicators for granted, but imagine what it would mean to a culture without this technology. They didn't use a thick enough shield casing. A cascade reaction was inevitable. Did any part of the console come from our ship? There's no doubt about it. The pattern buffer relays are composed of bio-neural fibres. No other Federation ship would have them. Somebody on Voyager gave them what they needed. They just didn't know what to do with it. I want a complete report on everything we've found so I can share it with our Kazon friends. We've recovered the console. It's a replicator, constructed with materials from Voyager. I suppose now everyone thinks I went over there to destroy the evidence. - Did you? - I was only trying to show everyone. Show you. You really think I had something to do with this, don't you? To be honest, I'm not sure any more. I'm not sure of a lot of things. Then talk to your animal guide. - I plan to. - Good. Get back to me when you do. I've been thinking about what's been real and what's not been real. What is this about? What's wrong with you? Talk to me, Chakotay. You owe me that much. What do I owe to a Cardassian who infiltrated my crew? What are you talking about? Isn't that why you never got around to a blood analysis? - I just didn't get around to it. - You lack all the Bajoran blood factors. It's a side effect of Orkett's disease. Ask your doctor. Orkett's disease? A childhood virus that swept through the Bajoran work camps. Thousands of children didn't survive. I did. Thanks to a bone marrow transplant from a Cardassian woman. Her name was Kattell. When we get home, you can ask her yourself. You must think I'm horrible. Do you think I gave you my heart to get your Maquis secrets? I'm starting to wonder. Let me tell you something. Your secrets weren't good enough. They wouldn't have been worth the trouble for a Cardassian agent. I had only one agenda with you, Chakotay, and I never kept it secret. So do you believe in me again? I want to. Good. Because I wanna go back to work. - Let's not rush things. - I'm going crazy in here. Stay confined until we know where the replicator components were from. - What will that tell you? - Perhaps who took them. You don't think whoever did this is foolish enough to log in using their own name? Chief Inspector Tuvok leaves no stone unturned. I'll tell the Captain what you told me. We'll try to clear this up soon. She said a Cardassian bone marrow transplant saved her life as a child. Did you set our plan in motion? I gave Lieutenant Carey the same information. Now all we can do is wait and hope someone takes the bait. Gin. I never knew Vulcans had such a talent for cards. Logical discards give a false impression of my own requirements and deny the needed cards to you. I believe that's 94 points to me. If you ever need a sponsor, let me know. There are two more Kazon warships. We won't be able to stay here much... That's sounds like a nibble to me. - Someone is accessing inventory. - The missing replicator materials. - Should we start the trace? - Negative. - They're entering data. - Intriguing. They're trying to place evidence at the scene of the crime. They're entering a security code into the requisition file. Which would suggest they're hiding it. But not very well. Anybody know whose security code that belongs to? I do. It's Seska's. Then it has to be Carey. Carey is trying to point the finger at Seska. Chakotay. Is anything wrong? It's over. We know who gave the technology to the Kazon. - Who? - You did. I don't know what evidence you've found, but... We found the evidence you put there for us to find. Your own security code. I have no idea what you're talking about. We knew where the materials had been taken from before I met with you. We were hoping either you or Carey would try to cover your tracks. Hell of a way for me to cover my tracks, putting in my own security code. That's exactly what you did. No one would believe you could be that careless. You made it seem someone was framing you. Maybe someone was. We traced the computer station used to enter the data. You took us all around the system before we could locate the source. But it was this station in sickbay. I'd almost say it was a Maquis operation, if I didn't already know you were a Cardassian. Computer, activate Emergency Holographic Medical program. Have I been called to testify? Before you even mentioned Orkett's disease to me, the Doctor had discounted that as a possible explanation. Another doctor might have been fooled. But my program includes the complete text on Orkett's disease. No virus or bone marrow transplant can explain away your genetic markers. You are Cardassian, Ensign. But that didn't necessarily make you a traitor. We needed more evidence, and you gave it to us. The one thing I still can't understand is... why? I did it for you. I did it for this crew. We are alone here, at the mercy of any number of hostile aliens, because of the incomprehensible decision of a Federation Captain. A Federation Captain who destroyed our only chance to get home. Federation rules. Federation nobility. Federation compassion? If this had been a Cardassian ship, we would be home now. We must begin to forge alliances. We must have powerful friends. The Kazon-Nistrim would protect us in return for minor technology. Minor technology that could change the balance of power. Change it in our favour! That is all that matters now. Building a base of power in this quadrant. You are a fool, Captain. And you're a fool to follow her. I can't imagine how I ever loved you. Computer, command XJL. Computer, override transport in progress. Unable to comply. Security lockout is in place. Computer, identify destination. A Kazon vessel, 14 kilometres off the port bow. Bridge to Janeway. The Kazon ship is powering up its engines. - They're going to warp. - Ready a tractor beam. I've also got two Kazon warships on an intercept course. Captain, we cannot prevail against three Kazon warships. Awaiting your instructions, Captain. Power down the tractor beam. Set a course out of here, Mr Paris. Warp 4. - Engage when ready. - Yes, ma'am. We'll have to wait to settle up with Seska. Can I ask you to be honest with me? As a Vulcan, I am at all times honest, Commander. That's not true. You passed yourself off as a Maquis to get on my crew. I was honest to my convictions within defined parameters. You damned Vulcans and your "defined parameters". - That's easy for you. - On the contrary. The demands on a Vulcan's character are difficult. Do not mistake composure for ease. How may I be honest with you today? I'd just like to know from someone else who pulled the wool over my eyes... Was I naive? Was I not paying enough attention? What let all you spies get by me? You depend on feelings and instincts to guide you, and they invariably let you down. But particularly naive? No, Commander. And your attention span is adequate. Did anything about Seska make you suspicious? No. She quite expertly pulled the wool over my eyes as well. Well, that makes me feel a little better. - Thanks. - Curious. What? That my failure, added to your own, should improve your feelings. Misery loves company, Tuvok. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 