Ocean Girl: Season 2, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ocean Girl 
 s2e12 - The Arrival - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ocean Girl (1994–1997): Season 2, Episode 12 - The Arrival - full transcript 
 Neri leaves ORCA intending to save Mera and Charlie by giving herself up to UBRI. Brett chases after her, gets into an accident with a UBRI boat and is saved by Neri. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Liselle? Yes, Doctor? I want you to help Mr. Forsyth keep a permanent watch up on the pontoon. We have commandeered every available craft. The moment either of those girls leave ORCA, you must inform us immediately. We shall be waiting for them. Well, at least with the communication system trashed Liselle won’t be able to contact UBRI. Maybe 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But she knows now you’re on board. Well, they’re still going to be watching for her inside and out. So the best thing we can all do is stay put Now, I think you should send Charley back to the island. Couldn’t we go with him? No, sweetheart. Because they know that Neri can talk to him, that puts him in danger as well. I can speak to Charley too. Yeah, but those creeps don’t know that. Exactly. Which means that Neri’s still the one that they really want. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Then it is I that bring danger to Charley and my sister? Hey, it’s not your fault, Neri. There’s nothing you can do about it now. We have met with unforseen problems. ORCA’s central computer has been destroyed and they are left with only emergency functions. This makes thing very difficult, but I assure you, I will try to get Neri and Mera to you before the day is out. You have to trust me. Oh ho, ho, and where were you this morning? Oh, just taking a look around. There are UBRI boats everywhere. They’re monitoring everything that passes.| Well at least they can’t do anything while the girls stay on ORCA. Yeah, if we can just keep them here we won’t have any problems. Oh yes we will. There’s still the matter of the scan. Diane, don’t bring that up again, please. But Commander Byrne’s been asking for them. And Winston’s come up with a brilliant answer. I just got the computer to modify the readout so the titanium deposits aren’t shown. Really? Which means the only evidence left are the records you have, but... if you destroy them… Dianne, ask anything of me but that. This find is going to buy me the boat I’ve dreamed about for years. And frankly, nothing on this earth is going to make me change my mind. I hate it. Being cooped up in here. I just want to be home. But it’s hopeless, isn’t it? I mean, now that they’ve discovered us, they’re never going to leave us alone. And we’ll never get back what we had. I’ve come all this way... to find the one place I belong. And now I’ve lost it forever. No, my sister. You will have it back again. I give you my word. Neri? Neri? What are you doing here all alone? Rocky, you are friend, yes? Yeah. Sure. Then tell me: Sometimes must it be that the one fish feeds the shark so the others may escape. Not so? You understand? It is better that the one goes than all go. Yeah. Yeah, I suppose so. Yes, you are right. Thank you. It is time to go... and find my father. I... Having trouble? I’m doing okay. This one’s just got harder words in it, that’s all. Well... do you need some help? From you? Forget it, then. I only offered because I knew you were too big-headed to ever ask. Vanessa! Ok, I’m asking. Hey, Brett, did you just pass Neri at reception? No. Why? She’s in kind of a funny mood. One minute, she’s talking about feeding the sharks or something. And next thing, she’s headed for the turbolift. Ohh! Hey! Wasn’t Neri supposed to... Did you see her leave? In the water. You think somethings up? Let’s go. Only a few minutes ago, Doctor. She was heading east. What direction? Starboard one-eighty. You can leave the rest to us. That’s good, Liselle. Well done. Thank you, Doctor. There! Neri! No, Neri! Go back! Please, don’t! Dive! Dive deep! Neri! Dive! The boy! Hard to port! We have to get of here. Very well. Full ahead. Full ahead now. Brett. Brett, come on, little guy. Brett! No pulse. Let me just get... come back, Brett. You will not pass on. Come. Now... Hi. What happened? Rest. You will be well. You said it was me they wanted most. If I gave myself to them, then they leave Mera and Charley alone. Mera and Charley can be happy again. Neri, these people won’t stop at that. I want you to give me your word you won’t do it again. That’s right. So whatever happens from now on, we all stick together. I promise. And you... were very lucky. Diane. A word up on the boat? Yep. You, too, Jason. Well, I suppose there is little chance of getting you two back on the island. Are you crazy, Winston? No way! There’s nothing I must do. Tell your mother I will be back in several hours. These are the last remaining charts showing the titanium. Destroy it, Jason. What? I don’t know exactly what happened out there today. But what I do know is... the look Brett gave Neri when he came to, I know he’d never forgive anyone that ever let those girls down, and I know you woudn’t, either. And that’s not a price I’m prepared to pay. Oh, Sam. Not even for a new boat. So... Do it, kid. Before I change my mind. Sam... thanks. Froggy, you’re coming with us. I’m busy. We need your help. We think Liselle’s got some kind of communicator in her cabin. But can’t leave HELEN like this. Forget about dead computers for the minute. We’ve got important work to do. But I can’t leave HELEN. Come on! I would have had her if it hadn’t been for the boy. We think now she may have returned to ORCA. But we need to know for sure. Find out, report as soon as possible. Yes, Doctor. I’ll continue the watch up above. You scour this place for any sign of her. Ha-ha! Bingo. Brett, you’re off your rocker! I’m not! He’s been acting strangely. Disappearing at odd times. Being evasive. Brett, why would he want to take the girls out to the island? Maybe he’s meeting with someone he doesn’t want us to know about. Like who? UBRI? Oh for heaven’s sake, Brett, Winston would never sell out. You sure? What you asked has proved impossible. So now, if you want the girls, you must come to ORCA yourself. Do you understand? My father says... We’ll come here... again. Go on, you can do it. "...someday." Ha, ha, ha! I can read! Is this guy any good or what? Michael! I’ve been looking all over for you. You’re supposed to be working on your reading, not larking about with girls. I was reading. Listen to this... Don’t lie to me, Michael. I’m sick of it. That’s not fair. You just keep out of this. You don’t know my son. I know him, all right. He’s been a revolting, two-faced little creep. Gee, thanks. But he’s not the only one to blame for that, is he? I beg your pardon? For years, he’s been able to get away with anything, just as long as he didn’t interfere with any of your work. Now he’s trying to change, why don’t you give him a chance? Come on, who asked you to be my lawyer? Fine. If that’s the way you feel. Vanessa. Forget about it, Michael. The girl’s obviously unstable. Get real, will you, mom? She’s right. You never cared what I did. You don’t really believe that do you? Why wouldn’t I? All my life you’ve shunted me off to boarding schools and summer camps. So I wouldn’t get in the way of your precious career. Any way to get me out of your hair. Why have you never told me this before? You never would have listened. You’re always too darn busy. I see. I’m sorry, mom… No, Michael. I’s what you feel, so it’s better said. And you may perhaps have a point. I’ve never considered myself... much good as a mother. I thought perhaps I was doing you a favour by keeping my distance. But that’s a cop-out, isn’t it? I guess so. I love you, Michael. I hope you do believe that. Mom, you don’t have to… Michael, you’ve been very honest with me. Thank you. Well, it seems we both got things a bit wrong. Do you think we could start again? Deal? Deal. I suppose it’s not difficult to see where you get your stubbornness from. This Vanessa seems to have had quite an effect on you. Yeah. Her and Neri. Who’s Neri? Mom, even if I could tell you, you’d never believe it. I must admit I have been somewhat less than frank, but circumstances demanded secrecy. I have known for some days that these people were on the island, looking for the girls. Is that why you were so keen to get them out there? Yes. I promised to try and arrange it that they met the girls alone. They wanted it that way. Why? Who are they? The place we come from is called in your language the "Planet of the Oceans.” It is where Neri and Mera’s father set out on his mission amongst you opal people. It was believed all had perished on the journey. Only when the beacon was activated did we know they had reached their destination. That sounds on the whale frequency. Was the signal from the device that Jason put back on the ship. It seemed to work, after all. We knew immediately... that the holographic log was missing. It was only after we located it in the sea we realised that two had possibly survived. And when Dr. Seth came to the island, he confirmed all. So what’s next? I mean, what are you guys here for? Is that not obvious? We have come to take them back home. They have got an outside communicator. We found it in their cabin. Well, what did you do? Just left it there. Couldn’t you at least have smashed it or something? Hire a brain, Vanessa. They’d sus out straight away it had to be us. Better they think we don’t know. That way, we might just be able to make use of it. Understand we cannot make you come with us. But there are some things you must consider. Your mother was a leader on our planet. A most important person. Was? She moved on from the living several earth days ago. You mean she’s… She has passed, yes. Your mother had very special abilities. Which you, in turn, will inherit. You mean like the way they can swim and talk to Charley? Such things are trivial, in comparison to the true nature of the gift. "The gift"? It is the only name we have for an extraordinary power very few creatures in the universe possess. It is a power of mending and healing; passed from mother to daughter. Things have happened back at home, things very difficult to explain. But they have led to disharmony, not only on our planet but it is beginning to spread through the universe. Only a being with the Gift can harness those natural forces and restore order. Many lives are at risk. Your own people need you. Must it be us? Yes. We must have someone with the Gift. Is there no one else? The only other being with any trace of the gift on this planet received it from you. He is the one you call "jali". The craft we came in is concealed on the island. It is only a rescue vehicle. But there is ample room for both of you. We must have time to think. Time we do not have. Our fuel is limited and already running low. At most, we can delay until the sunrise after next. We will return to the island to await your answer. Two sunrises. By then, you must come to a decision. We all have to work together to help the girls, whatever your personal feelings are. Hey, I just felt stupid standing there while you defended me, okay? How come you did it, anyway? Well, I probably need my head examined, but I was beginning to actually like you. I like you, too. Yeah, sure you do. Vanessa... I’m serious. I mean, I really like you. I don’t want you to go. I don’t think I could bear to lose you both, but… This is one time that I cannot interfere. Now of course I would give... anything, to have you both stay here with us forever. But if you have to go home, I won’t stand in your way. And the choice is up to you both. You have to make it. Neri... I want to go home with them. I want to go home. Subtitles: Lemoncurd Synchronization: KKCOPY-CEM 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 