The Innocent Man: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Innocent Man 
 s1e11 - Episode #1.11 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Innocent Man (2012): Season 1, Episode 11 - Episode #1.11 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Kang Ma-ru wanted to talk to me and sent someone to get me. I guess he remembers me now. I'll be back soon. I never told anyone to bring her. Oh, no. Who took her? Hi Chun-ja, it's been a while. I'm bringing a really awesome girl. How much will you give me? She's different from the other girls. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hold on. KANG MA-RU I'll call you when I get on the boat. Okay. Later. {\an8}POWER OFF That's right. I can track her. Her phone. I installed a tracker app after the accident. I'm taking this. Then how will you call me? Hey! Gwanghwamun Apartment building 20-story building 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yes! Yes! YANGPYEONG, GYEONGGI PROVINCE The phone is turned off. Please leave a message after the tone. REST STOP MS. HYUN The person you have reached is unavailable. She wanted to see you, so I was bringing her! Who put you up to it? Nobody put me up to anything! What are you doing? Let go! Let go of him! Why are you being mean to your brother? I know your brain is broken, but is it so bad that you have zero judgment? Why did you follow a stranger? Do you go with anyone who asks you to go with them-- I thought you told him to bring me. I did no such thing. Are you a moron? Is that why you're so mad? Because your brother said he'd bring me to you when you didn't ask him to? Is that why you're so mad? Eun-gi! Do you hate me that much? I didn't know you despised me this much. Had I known, I wouldn't have gone to you. I was wrong. Sorry. You don't like me and you don't even remember, but I was clingy and asked you to remember me, teach me, and wait for me. I'm sorry. Sorry. I won't do that again. I won't bother you ever again, so don't get mad at other people because of me. Your brother did nothing wrong. It was my fault. There really must be something wrong with my brain. Where are you going? Move. What? Just because of my condition, do you think you can treat me however you want? Fine. I may have become a total idiot who barely knows her own name and begs someone like you for love, and I know I've become a pathetic loser, but please stop here. Don't make me any more pathetic. I may have lost my memory, but I know how to feel humiliated. It took so much for me to let you go. Why did you come back? Eun-gi, you idiot. I found her. The real owner of Taesan Group, Seo Eun-gi. I guess she really scares you, huh? You came in less than five minutes. You're so hard to meet. You know, I met with your loyal servant, Mr. Ahn. I showed him this and offered to make a deal. I said I'd make her disappear from Seoul for good. As you know, that's my specialty. I asked for the building in Gwanghwamun. But that punk refused. He said he didn't have the power. I guess he's just your errand boy. He couldn't decide whether or not to give me a building. Why do I always dig in the wrong spot? I shouldn't have brought this to that punk. I should've brought it to the chairman who has the authority and decision-making power. Right? Don't glare at me like that. That's why I was too scared to come to you. Relax your eyes. I said to stop. Stop glaring. Okay, fine. As soon as I leave, I'll tell everyone that Seo Eun-gi is alive. Okay? Call the movers to empty out the chairman's office. I can't decide that on my own. I can't do what I want with that building. I'm just an interim chairman. I have no power. Then... what do you have the power to decide? If not buildings, what? Land? Bonds? cash? I don't mind any of that. JAE-SIK It's been taken care of. You can stop worrying and sleep peacefully. Can I get the building you promised sooner rather than later? DELETE The doctor is here. The doctor is in the living room. He's going to decide on the next step of treatment today. Tell him to just leave. I don't want treatment. Ma'am. I didn't get better at all even with all that effort. What do you mean? You're writing difficult sentences now-- You're able to do hard math too. Your memory will come back in time, so don't stress out... I was wrong. Sorry. You don't like me and you don't even remember, but I was clingy and asked you to remember me, teach me, and wait for me. I'm sorry. I won't bother you ever again, so don't get mad at other people because of me. It was my fault. There really must be something wrong with my brain. I'm in. All in. Raise a million more. Damn it! You should quit if you ran out of money. The money is on the way. Show your hand. MA-RU What the heck is he doing here? What? Why isn't this bitch sending it? Does she have a death wish? Why isn't this bitch answering? Are the police on their way? I see. I'm sorry to bother you with this. I'm sure you're busy. Yes. JAE-SIK I'll buy dinner some time. Okay. Hey. Why don't you answer your phone? I told you to send money forever ago. Do you have a death wish? It left a while ago. Didn't it arrive yet? - What the hell? - Run - Get over there. - Let go! Did you send them? Did you call the cops? What are you talking about? The cops showed up? Where are you? Aren't you in the gambling house? You ratted me out, didn't you? Don't you trust me? Would you? I know what a bitch you are. How could I trust you? Good. I don't trust you either. You won't stop with a building. You'll keep coming back. You'll use this to blackmail me and harass me for the rest of my life. Jae-hui, you... What did you do with Eun-gi? I'm sure I told you not to touch her. I said I'd make you pay if you harm a single hair on my child's head. I warned you. Abduction, blackmail, assault, fraud. You have a long record, Mr. Han Jae-sik. Damn! I asked a prosecutor. If I fatten up the details a bit about your abducting Eun-gi and blackmailing me, and package it nicely, an ex-con like you will easily rot in prison for at least ten years. Are you crazy? You made me do that! Don't try to frame me. When did I do that? Where? Do you have proof? Shit! I don't want to give you any money right now, but who knows what will happen in ten years? Maybe by then, I'll be really glad to see you. When that time comes, I might want to give half of my entire fortune freely to my only blood. You bitch. Just go to prison for ten years. It should be a piece of cake for you. That's the only way your little sister, whom you love, can sleep at night. I'll send you the best food. And when you get out, I'll give you enough money to live on for the rest of your life. Stay right there. I'm going to kill you. Don't go anywhere! Who's there? Stop right there! JAE-SIK HAN JAE-SIK The person you have reached is unavailable. Ma-ru. Jae-hui made me do it! She said to make sure Seo Eun-gi never returns to Taesan, and to do as I wished. She said she'd pay me. She made me do it! What do you think you're up to? Hey. Do you think I came here expecting to live? I'm dead whether it's by you or by Jae-hui anyway. Get off. I just wanted to come clean and tell you the truth. If Han Jae-hui finds out about her condition, she will never be able to take over management. And... even her life may be endangered. I don't think the chairman's death was purely due to his illness. I'm sure Han Jae-hui was involved with his death. I'm sure of it. Ma-ru. I'm really sorry. I mean it. But that bitch Jae-hui kills everyone who gets in her way. Please, Ma-ru. Please protect me. She really scares me. You know where Eun-gi is, right? Where is she? Hello, Mr. Ahn. As you suspected, it's Ms. Hyun's house. Okay. I'll send someone over there. Check with the neighbors again. Who is it? Stand by until I contact you again. What brings you here this early? Do you want coffee? No, sir. I already had some. Have a seat. How are your plans to kick Ms. Seo out coming along? Does Ms. Han Jae-hui think she can have Taesan entirely if Ms. Seo Eun-gi is gone? Did you come to pick a fight this early in the morning? Are you that nervous? Are you so nervous about your position that you need to dismiss her when we don't even know if she's dead or alive? You know where she is, right? Is something wrong with her? Why won't she show herself when she's alive and well? Is Ms. Seo... alive? Just take her overseas and live a quiet life with her. If you really love her, think about what's the best way to protect her from this scary jungle and make sure she's happy. Be smart about this. Then Eun-gi will never find out about your Achilles heel, which you're so terrified will happen. I'll get going now. Hey. Send some men to where Mr. Jo is. You need to bring someone quietly and respectfully. Did you come because you were worried about Ms. Seo? You didn't want to get involved. How can I help? What is the final goal? Ruining Han Jae-hui and becoming CEO of Taesan? Will it end there? That's Mr. Jo. He works for Han Jae-hui. How did he find out? Where's Eun-gi? I told her not to open the door for anyone. I think they found out. Please get her out of here. I'll figure out what's going on and stall him as long as I can. Who are you? Who are you that you barge into someone else's home like this? I came to get you. Let's go. Who are you to take me anywhere? You yelled at me for going with anyone because my brain is broken. Why are you here? Did you think you were too mean? Or... Did you feel sorry for me? Hey, Eun-gi! Leave. Just leave. I said leave! THE BOY WHO CRIED WOLF We're in trouble. Han Jae Hui found out she's here. Yes. Make a left and go straight. It's less than five minutes from there. No. The person we need seems to be at home. You're saying that "the person" is Ms. Seo? Are you kidding me? Open the door. Open the door. Come on, open the door already! There's no time for this. Do you know who... Forget it. I won't go with a stranger. Eun-gi! Who are you to say my name? I don't know you. I don't remember you either. So leave. Get out! They're here to escort her. I'd appreciate it if you'd take us to your house. How many times do I have to tell you? Why would Ms. Seo be at my house? You're driving me crazy. We can see if she's there or not. If you can't take us, should we take you instead? You and I first met on a plane. You collapsed from tension pneumothorax. There weren't any doctors on the plane. So I had no choice... but to administer first aid although I dropped out of my medical college. You were unconscious, so you didn't see me. The second time we met, you were in a dirt bike accident, a doll that you cherished fell off a cliff. I tried to get it for you and got injured. You asked why I did it, and what I was after. You accused me of trying to extort you if I had fallen and died. You asked me how much I had planned to extort from you. I had never met such a rude jerk before. You were so cynical. You didn't trust anyone. Everyone was an enemy. You were rude, arrogant, conceited and nasty. You were a total bitch. You didn't know how to be grateful, and you didn't know how to be sorry. Who was like that? Who was like that? You don't mean me, do you? Are you saying I was like that? I'm sorry, but we don't have time to walk down memory lane. May I answer you in the car? I told you, Ms. Seo isn't here. Why won't you believe me? - Climb over the wall and open the gate. - Mr. Jo. What are you doing? Stop it! Were you just trying to climb the wall? Don't you know that breaking and entering is a serious crime? Ms. Seo is in that house. She is? Is Ms. Seo inside? She is not. You know she's missing. Why would she be at my house? She says she's not here. That's why we'll go inside and see for ourselves. Didn't you hear what I just said? I told you breaking and entering is a serious crime. I warned you. What are you doing in front of a lawyer? False accusation, blackmail, breaking and entering. You could easily be charged with at least five crimes. Whoever wants to go to jail can keep trying. Are they gone? They'll be back. They won't back down easily. Is Ms. Seo inside? Where did she go? Thankfully, Ma-ru must have taken her. Who? Who did you say? That's right. I said I'd answer in the car. Yes, you were like that. You were a total bitch back then. Hard to believe it, right? Don't make things up. I don't remember. The third time we met is when you came to my place. If you wanted to see me, you should have just said so. But instead, you picked a fight, gave me an attitude, and threatened me. I told you not to make things up. I said I don't remember. I thought back then... that you had a unique way of speaking. That your way of saying you like me and missed me was by getting angry. Hey. You must think I'll believe anything you say just because I lost my memory, but I don't believe anything you say anymore. And that night, we went to Jumunjin to get my sister. You saw a few things I wish you hadn't. We were on our way back with my sister late that night-- I'm sure I was rude and a total bitch again. Keep making things up just because I can't remember. Jerk. Okay. Let's stop for now. I'm sure your head is about to burst. Kang Ma-ru. Kang Ma-ru. If Joon-ha showed up, that means she's definitely there. I think so. I have the men watching the house in case they try to move her. What can it be? Pardon? What happened to Eun-gi, that they are hiding her when she is alive? Take me to Ms. Hyun's house. Yes, sir. MS. HAN JAE-HUI I called you all here in the middle of your busy schedule to ask for your consent to the proposal to dismiss Seo Eun-gi as CEO of Taesan Resort at the upcoming shareholders meeting. Please raise your hand if you agree to the dismissal. Stock prices have dropped and projects have been stopped due to her absence. Are you saying you'll just sit by and watch? It was harder for me than anyone else to make this decision. However, we must restore Taesan back to normal. I believe it is my duty and priority, which is why I made such a difficult-- Is that the real reason? There is a rumor you're trying to dispose of her shares. Is that for Taesan as well? It's not like Ms. Seo has been missing for two or three years. Will Taesan fall because we slow down a bit until she returns? Do you have ulterior motives by any chance? You are out of line. Please avoid insulting the chairman without evidence. You need to watch what you say. She isn't the chairman. She's the interim chairman! And did you say evidence? This absurd meeting to dismiss Ms. Seo Eun-gi as CEO of Taesan Resort is evidence in itself, is it not? What if Ms. Seo returns tomorrow or something-- Ms. Seo is not coming back. If she were going to return, she would've done it already. What if I prove to you that Ms. Seo has no intention of returning to Taesan? Would that suffice? Did you just say you could prove it? How? Will you bring her and ask her? Someone anonymously sent me this video. I'll do my best to find out where she is, but she's alive and well, as you can see. She's in Seoul. Why do you think she has shunned Taesan and not returned for nearly a year when she's alive and fine like this? I'm sure you all heard the rumors. She was having relationship problems before the accident. She fought with Chairman Seo about it and left home. Then she was in the accident. What kind of a life does she want after discarding Taesan and the future that she had dreamed of? I may be Taesan's interim chairman, but I'm also Eun-gi's mother. If my girl chose love over everything that she had in life... If she chose to be happy as an ordinary woman, as her mother, I should respect her wishes. That is what I decided. Being the CEO of Taesan means giving up being a woman. The late Chairman made our girl Eun-gi give up being a woman and cut off her wings, but I don't want to do that. I want to help her free herself of the shackles of Taesan and soar freely into the sky. Let me ask again. Raise your hand if you agree to Seo Eun-gi's dismissal. {\an8}The proposal to dismiss Ms. Seo Eun-gi as CEO of Taesan Resort has passed. Where is that coming from? Why are we suddenly moving? Did you commit a crime? Are you on the run? See? I told you to shape up and live a proper life. I knew this day would come. I just knew it. Seo Eun-gi? Aren't you... Seo... Seo Eun-gi? It is you. Long time no see. I heard you went missing. When did you come back? Do you know how worried Ma-ru, Choco and I were? Well, I don't know whether or not Ma-ru was worried, since he wouldn't say. I didn't know you were such an important person until after you went missing. It's an honor. I mean it. I'm sorry, but... who are you? Sorry? Do you know me? I gave you my autograph and paid for the cab. I loaned you 30,000 won, too. You really don't remember? I have a look people can't forget. Were we close? What? Am I being punked? What's with Eun-gi? Did you tell Choco? Not yet. She got mad at you and ran away from home. I'm not sure how she'll respond. Anyway, what's wrong with Eun-gi? She doesn't remember me at all. She doesn't remember me either. Is it from the accident? Is that why? What about her family? Jae-hui is the only family she has left. I guess she can't go home. She's going to stay with us. Go and get Choco. You guys should pack too. You ignored me when I said we should move. Why now? At this hour... It's dangerous here. Jae-sik knows this place, and so does Jae-hui. What do you mean? You didn't want to move before. What's gotten into you? What's the reason? Eun-gi came back. Have you been waiting for her? You couldn't move because she might come back and look for you? Do you like her? You didn't use her to get revenge on Jae-hui. You actually like her? Well, regardless, whatever her condition may be, she did come back to you. That's what matters. Jae-hui never came back no matter how long you waited. Right? Is this Kang Ma-ru? This is Park Joon-ha. Can we meet? I'm in your neighborhood. I don't know if you remember, but we spoke on the phone before. We did? I know exactly who you are. I know about your long relationship with Han Jae-hui, and that you approached Ms. Seo because of your grudge toward your ex-girlfriend. You said you had nothing to do with her and turned your back on her. Why did you come back? What if I tell her all about you? That you're not the person she thinks you are. What if I tell her she's being deceived by flawed memories? What will you do? Go ahead. If her final goal isn't becoming CEO of Taesan Group, but Park Joon-ha, then go ahead. Do you like Eun-gi? You really don't remember me? Oh, dear. I feel so sorry for her. Don't say that to her face. She really can't remember anything? She doesn't remember and she has a few problems because of the brain damage. It's Ma-ru's fault, isn't it? We can't say that. They were both at fault. That's what we have to stick to. But who are you again? Choco, Ma-ru's sister. Oh, no. Eun-gi, I'll do my best to help you get your memory back. Okay. Thanks. So don't hate my brother too much. I'm sure it's annoying as hell, but be a bit understanding of him. I'm sorry. Why? Why should you be sorry? My brother-- - Choco. - What? So? What should I do? What would you like me to do? If I tell you what I want you to do, will you do it? It depends. Please help... Eun-gi. Ms. Hyun and I have been exposed, so it's dangerous. You are the only person who can help her right now. Above all else, you're the one she trusts and likes the most... right now. Please help her. Help Eun-gi reach her desired destination safely. Is that all? CHOCO & MA-RU CHAIRMAN HAN JAE-HUI'S INAUGURATION CEREMONY Congratulations. Congratulations. CHAIRMAN HAN JAE-HUI'S INAUGURATION CEREMONY Let's go in, Madam Chairman. As you all know, I suffered the greatest sorrow in my life a year ago. Before I had time to heal my wounds, I was immediately thrown into management to fill the vacancy as an interim chairman and led Taesan, which was in crisis. Fortunately, in last quarter, Taesan performed better than ever before in electronics, apparel and cosmetics and showed impressive growth. As the official chairman, I promise you this. Taesan will not stop here. Taesan led by Han Jae-hui will become a global corporation and... CHAIRMAN HAN JAE-HUI'S INAUGURATION CEREMONY Unfortunately, the late Chairman Seo Jeong-gyu, couldn't join us today, and... Eun-gi. I'm sorry I came... so late. How have you been, Mother? Eun-gi. Eun-gi. Where have you been? How have you been? Do you know how worried I was? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm just glad you're back. I'm glad you're back. I'm sorry. Hello, I'm Seo Eun-gi. How have you all been? It's been a long time. I'm sorry for leaving my position for such a long time. As you know, I was in a serious car accident a year ago and was very ill. Because I needed to have a rest, I had to go to a quiet place to receive treatment without anyone knowing. Thanks to all of your concerns, I've recovered my health to a good extent. All preparations have been completed for me to return to Taesan thanks to everyone's efforts. However, as an aftereffect of the accident, I developed face blindness. I have trouble recognizing people at times. Also, as my body has not fully recovered yet, I will need someone's help until it has. Kang Ma-ru. CHAIRMAN HAN JAE-HUI'S INAUGURATION CEREMONY I wanted to introduce him to all of you first. This is my fiancé, who will help me lead Taesan Group, Kang Ma-ru. Why did you come back? Weren't you done? Leave everything and go, Ms. Han Jae-hui. None of this is yours. If I have it, it's mine.  It's all mine! You're a good person, right? You're a kind and good person, right? Give me half of Taesan when Eun-gi reaches her destination. You know who I am, right? Who am I? Ms. Seo. Think of a memory that was so painful that you thought you'd die. That will help you get your memory back. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 