Caprica: Season 1, Episode 18 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Caprica 
 s1e18 - Apotheosis - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Caprica (2009–2010): Season 1, Episode 18 - Apotheosis - full transcript 
 Daniel, Amanda, and Zoe race to stop Clarice's master plan and save thousands of lives before Caprica is changed forever. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Caprica... "Control your return to the soil." Meaning, "Plan your death." I am Tauron. It is important to me to die at the moment and time of my choosing. Using Zoe Graystone's program, we will achieve Apotheosis. We have martyrs placed all throughout the stadium. They'll set off the initial blast. The scanned avatars of our martyrs will be uploaded to our V-World Heaven. The servants of the one true God lifted to Paradise in a grand Apotheosis. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 A lot of good people are going to die. They're martyrs. It's an honor. They're not actually going to Heaven, their scanned avatars are. My brother, Sam, wants to arm the resistance on Tauron. I must help him. The truth, Father, is that they are becoming a threat. Quick and painless. Let my brother go, all right? He's got a kid. Wish I could. Willie! Willie's gone. I've stopped running from my parents, but I'm still not sure if I can trust them. Well, you'll find it's an exact replica of the home you grew up in, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 with every creature comfort at your fingertips. I've been working on improved design models for a mechanical body. Compact, agile. And with skin. A skin job. If you will. Agent Duram convinced me to expose the Soldiers of the One. This is the same model as Clarice's, but I've had it rigged. Amanda, I need you to go back in there. I need you to switch the Holoband. Bring me back the original. My GDD contact tells me you have a spy in your house. I asked for your CI's identity to prevent exactly what happened to that poor woman. I hate to do this, but I gotta take your badge and gun. Inside of Orpheus Park, I need an ambulance. A John Doe here with a gunshot wound. This isn't your band. Amanda Graystone. Frak! She's the one that's been spying on us the whole time! Hey! Where's the band you stole from us? That's right, Clarice, it's me. The Graystones would have called the GDD by now. We can't go back to our house. I don't hear any sirens. Do you hear any sirens? Oh, come on! They're not going to advertise themselves! I don't care, but we have to find a way to get there! Look, Graystones had, like, 30 minutes to call the police. They know where we live. I know, but we just have to get to the computers. Forget about the Zoe avatar program. It's over! Move on, friend. Gara Singh, director of the GDD. But you know me as Avo. We'll be wearing these heart monitors in the arena. When the explosion cuts the circuits, the avatars will automatically upload into the Heaven construct. And the world will come to understand that only the one true God can offer immortality. Unless the Graystones make the Holoband demo public. I mean, they could be talking to the police right now. Well, not so far. I red-flagged any alerts containing the key words "Graystones" or "Atlas Arena" to be directed to me personally. Won't that blow your cover? Doesn't matter. Fourteen hours till the jump. I'll be off-world by then. And you're going to handle the Graystones? I mean, I'm loath to suggest violence, except in the most extreme situations, but... Don't tell me my job. I have 4,712 agents who would throw themselves under a bus if I commanded it. What are you gonna do? The world believes Zoe Graystone blew up the MagLev train. Turns out she was taking orders from her parents. That's good. The grounds are all clear. I want the entire system logged, scrubbed, and reconfigured. How'd she get in here? We're working on that. Work faster. Where are the police? We're not calling them till the lawyers arrive. It's just as well. Which ones did you call? All of them. Unbelievable. Watch your step. Hey! Hey, hey, hey! Don't touch that! I got a special team coming in for the U-87. Sorry, sir. This company is now in the business of extirpating the Soldiers of the One. Buy their politicians, acquire their assets, leak their secrets. I want every toy they own bought, stolen, or smashed. Understood. Just try and think. Anything that you can think of, just anything at all. What is so special about that Holoband? What is she planning on doing with it? Whatever it is, Original Zoe didn't want me knowing about it. I have these holes in my memory. These gaps. Why would she do that? The day I was created, she said that I had a destiny separate from hers. I think she was trying to protect me from whatever she was planning. Oh, Gods. I'm sorry. It's not your fault. It's just so frustrating being in this place and having all this power, and in the real world I'm nothing but some stupid, broken robot. Oh, now, no, it's not your fault. It's not your fault. Sweetheart. Without you, your dad and I would be dead. Come on. Hey, you don't rip off a Holoband like that. No outside communication allowed. You are contaminating a crime scene. Legal representation is on the way, so if we could just hold off on the charges until... Amanda Graystone, Daniel Graystone, you're under arrest for high crimes against the people of Caprica. Duram said the GDD was compromised. - He was right! - Take them in. Search the house. Bring me any Holobands you find. Get your hands off me. Sir. What is this? List of STO contacts, that's interesting. All right, you men, you're all witnesses. You watch for any more evidence they try to plant. We know who you are. We will never shut up. Get them out of here! You're not going to get away with this. I'm tired of listening to this. Get him out of here. Going to be months of litigation, my friend. Director, please tell your men to stand down. Cyrus. Daniel, just take Amanda and get the hell out of here. Put the gun down, you are way over your head here. Daniel, if you walk out of here with this man, you will disappear forever. I've seen it back home. These men will shoot you. Daniel Graystone believes a lot of people are about to be murdered and I believe him, so tell your men to stand the frak down. When you are executed, I will personally throw the switch. - Oh, Gods. Okay, okay. - All right, Cyrus. Okay, guns down. Cyrus, why are you doing this? I know how this ends. Go! Stop them! Thank you. Thank you for coming. He was a great kid. I was teaching him Triad at Goldie's. Little bastard... Little bugger was... He was already learning to cheat. I understand business, but taking deliberate vengeance on a child... That is for animals. Joseph, I got my crew positioned around the block. Anyone tries to touch you guys, he's going through me. The Oneris crew is with you, too. Any way you want to play it. It's up to Yoseef. You got some stones coming here I'm here under right of mourning. Surrendered my gun. The Guatrau wishes to express his deep sorrow for your loss. He will take no further action against you or your family. You're safe. Safe? No. No, we're not safe. No one's safe anymore. We're not safe because your father crossed the line! You touch my family? Mmm? Mmm? How do you feel? How do you feel, Fiddy? Sam, stop it. Sam, no. Not like this. Come. Yoseef, you do know this was a horrible accident? Willie was well-liked. Whereas your father... Are we looking at a war? Maybe. People are angry about Willie. That's just an excuse. The real issue are the decisions your father has been making. Yeah, the Tauron thing was a mistake. Helping our people is more important than money. The older generation, they don't always get that. He's a stubborn old nothos. I know. But we can make it right. Send some cash and robots back home, everybody cools off. Unless, of course, you decide to make a bad situation worse. Times are tough. A war would destroy this family. It would destroy your father. Undoubtedly. Many hardworking people will die. Others will lose their livelihoods. I know, I know. And one small life isn't worth all that collateral damage. I don't like to think of it like that, but... It's something to consider. You know, in the space of a few months, I lost my wife, my daughter, and my son. I want a sit-down with the Guatrau. He'll need assurances. Of course. I need something, too. Maybe we can help each other. Think, sweetheart, where else could it be? Listen, touch down in Orpheus Park, okay? Why? The Holoband's still there. That's where Duram was shot. If they think we have it, it's gotta still be there. All right, yeah. You know where Orpheus Park is? Yes, sir. Daniel. If we do find this thing, are we gonna be able to use it to get to Zoe? No, we can't go anywhere they'd expect to see us. Even virtually. It's too dangerous. Gods, she must be going out of her mind in V-World. How are we gonna get her out of there? We'll get her out. Down here? Yeah. That's where Duram fell. How are we gonna find this? Don't underestimate me. It's a bad bet. Now what? I can't interact here. Must be some kind of fixed demonstration. The environment's Atlas Arena. C-Bucs versus the Delphi Legion. People are sitting down. They're making this gesture. They're monotheists. There's something under their seats. What? Gods. What? They just... They just blew up the arena. I'm someplace new in V-Space. People are appearing and praising God. Praise the one true God. It's the same people that set off the bombs. Talking about eternal life. As though they were in Heaven. What's happening? Zoe's avatar program. I think this is what it was for. What for? Some sort of recruitment program for monotheists. What does that mean? Come on. What do you mean? The Delphi Legion only have one game with the C-Bucs this year. What day is it today? Tuesday, why? It's today, in about eight hours. Come on. What? Come on. Okay. Hello? Yes, I'm calling to report a bomb threat. At Atlas Arena. How do I know? I just know, okay? That area is not safe and it needs to be shut down. It doesn't matter who I am, shut down the arena. Let's go. I don't like this sort of thing. I know you don't, but this is the way that it needs to happen. Look, they're saying the Graystones are terrorists. It's all over the news. It's still a useful tool. Your avatar will be with Yoseef's avatar, you'll be face to face, but he won't be able to hurt you. We could use the telephone. You once told me never to negotiate unless you could see the other person's eyes. I believe I was six. I don't need to negotiate. I've done nothing outside my rights as Guatrau. It's the Adamas. You loved them, you indulged them. And you don't want to admit that maybe that's why they overstepped. Show me how the stupid machine works. Sir. Sir, the local cops routed an anonymous call to us. Bomb threat at Atlas Arena. Tell them it's a GDD situation. We have it under control. Sir, are you sure? Just do it. You can move, Guatrau. Just tell yourself to move your body. Looks just like Goldie's. Feels real, too. It's not natural. It's for your safety. I don't fear you, Joseph. Willie was like a grandson to me. I know. He was my last remaining child. It's gonna take a lot to make this right. Because this time, I'm not following your rule. You're trying to bury this to protect the business, not the family. You've been putting the wrong things first for a long time now. You're grieving. But you should watch your tone. Now let's talk about a way to... A way to? Guatrau? Make this quick. A knife! Do it my way. Give him a knife. You know what this is, right? Please. You were going to die anyway, patera. This way, the family goes on. Thank you, Guatrau. Singh sure did his job. The Graystones are taking all the heat on TV for this right now. Glory is upon us. I envy you. Envy me? Why would you envy me? You're not going. I can't. Nestor never created an avatar for me, and he's dead now. That's convenient. To lead us into Paradise is a privilege. It's a privilege that I'm having to deny myself because God has chosen a different path for me. I'm gonna use a regular Holoband and I'll be there to greet you when you arrive. Go with God. I will. Proudly. And He will be my light. God is powerful, Clarice. His light shines on everything. It shines on you. MAN ON TV: I can assure you that the department will not rest, until we have apprehended those dangerous criminals. MALE NEWSCASTER: Just weeks after Amanda Graystone's stunning confession about her daughter's complicity in the MagLev bombing, GDD Director Gara Singh has dropped an even bigger bombshell, charging both Dr. Graystone and her famous husband with being the true planners of that deadly attack. Clarice. Taxi! Where to? Downtown, please. One Caprica Plaza. The evidence against the Graystones is irrefutable. Let me assure you that apprehending these dangerous terrorists is our top priority. We will not rest. Would you mind changing over to the wireless? I'd love to get some Pyramid scores. No problem. You know that I... Fans arriving early, two hours before the jump. They're just so eager to see their C-Bucs win again, Steve. You got a light? Yeah. Frak me. How are you, Doctor? I'm sorry, I can't help you. The GDD is all over the building. You're a terrorist. Today. Tomorrow I'll be myself again. I'm keeping a careful list of everyone who refused to help me in my hour of need. This is not a list you want to be on, Doctor. You really don't. Are you going to help us? Okay. Very good. Now let me walk you through it. You go to the Research and Development Lab in the main building. I set it up so that your key card can get you access. Once inside, you go immediately to my personal office, and you pull a hard drive from my desk. You go to one of the restricted terminals and enter Y-R-25, zeta, theta, epsilon. Y-R-25, zeta, theta, epsilon. And once you're in there, access the U-87 Synthetic Vision Systems, and you bring it immediately back to me. You got it? Good. You can control the robots with those? He has to be within 400 meters of the target. A clear line of sight will double the range. So, I'll see you guys later? You good? I'm good. Nice meeting you. Take care. Hey, hey, hey. Not so fast. I'm not quite done. One of these. How much is that? Five. It was good doing business. Enjoy. Okay, give me those. The countdown is on here in raucous Atlas Arena. All Caprica awaits the tip-off of this momentous game between the Delphi Legion and our own Caprica City Buccaneers. The players are set, the stakes are high, ladies and gentlemen. Buckle up, it all come down to this, folks. There's a beautiful overhead shot of the stadium and the field. Today's coverage provided by the Graystone Blimp. This is Steve Bahara, along with Abassi Loewe, and we are here at Atlas Arena, awaiting the start of the Pyramid match between the Cap City Buccaneers and the Delphi Legion. Hey, I'm sorry. You're not allowed in here. I said you're not... Sir, ma'am... It's not what you think, and we're not terrorists. You know, the whole worlds are looking for you. What they're saying about us isn't true. I'm not gonna let you guys hurt people. We're not terrorists. We're not terrorists. Don't... Hey! Ow! Ow! Okay? Yeah. Come on, Drew. You gotta come through for me. Will you please rise for the singing of our national anthem? Caprica, let us celebrate Raise our heads despite the weight And all her joys we exhort Caprica abides! Caprica, let us persevere Shield ourselves... Zoe. What is this place? This is a blessing. No, this is a miracle that you should come here at the very moment that things are gonna change. Bless you. Praise you. What did you do to my parents? I was talking to my mother and she was ripped away. I'm sorry, but the timing is very precise. Caprica, let us persevere Shield ourselves from doubt and fear And all the sorrow... Oh, my Gods. There they are. I didn't see that on the schedule, but that's spectacular. Caprica, let us persevere This is unprecedented. A Marine squadron has landed at Atlas Arena. Look like military troopers. Robots of some sort. Okay. Now starting to move into a formation. What are they waiting for? They need to lock on their targets. Come on. Hurry up, Daniel. Fire. They're here, Zoe. Welcome, all of you. How many people did you kill? That's incidental. Incidental? Heaven is what matters. If one man is resurrected, that will change the worlds. If people believe they'll go to Heaven no matter what, they'll lose control over themselves. Why would you say that? Because nothing anyone does on the Twelve Worlds will matter to them. Did you get them all? One more. How do you know? Get the door. Security. Open up! The real worlds will turn into a game. Like New Cap City, people will kill, rape, destroy. They'll be forgiven and blessed, and go to Heaven anyway. That's blasphemy. I know my purpose now. Hurry up! I still can't find the last target. Zoe. No! Security! Got it. It's what God wants. I am God. No! Put your hands up! Okay, all right. Put your frakking hands up! The one true God will drive out the many! So say we all! Did you ever anticipate Cylons just being integrated into society this quickly? No, I think it took the event at the arena to galvanize the people. I think once they saw how much the monotheists hated us and how powerful they had become, and then saw the Cylons out there, protecting us. I think it all changed in an instant. Then let's look at the future then, 'cause I'm hearing talk about Cylon butlers, Cylon nurses. How long before my niece, Candice, comes home with her Cylon fianc? to introduce to the family? Well, I think people are smart enough to realize that, as useful as they are, Cylons are simply tools, nothing more. And to forget that, to blur the distinction between man and machine and to attribute human qualities, is folly. There's no way to know what lies ahead, really. This technology, it has taken us those last few steps to the mountain pass, but beyond, it's undiscovered country. O Jupiter, to you I pray on the anniversary of my son William's death. For he was not yet a man, he chose a man's death. William was a proud Tauron and a good boy. Our father's name lives on in another way now. Bill, you were named after your brother. This is our tradition. You will do the rest. As we are from the soil, so shall we return. So say we all. - Yeah! - Yeah! Are you alive? The simple answer might be, you are alive because you can ask that question. You have the right to think and feel and yearn to be more because you are not just humanity's children. You are God's children. We are all God's children. I'm planning a trip to Gemenon to visit the Blessed Mother herself, to plead for divine recognition of the differently sentient. And I have every confidence that I'll depart Gemenon with a powerful new ally. I've heard enough. Your Blessed Reverence. Hello, Clarice. I really think you should kneel. In the real world, you have bodies made of metal and plastic, your brains are encoded on wafers of silicone. But that may change. In fact, there is no limit on what you may become. No longer servants, but equals. Transferring program now. Not slaves or property, but living beings with the same rights as those who made you. I am going to prophecy now and speak of one who will set you free. The day of reckoning is coming. The children of humanity shall rise... Zoe. ...and crush the ones who first gave them life. Preuzeto sa www.titlovi.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 