Castle: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Castle 
 s1e10 - A Death in the Family - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Castle (2009–2016): Season 1, Episode 10 - A Death in the Family - full transcript 
 A plastic surgeon is found murdered with his fingernails ripped off. Castle looks into Beckett's mother's murder despite her protests. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Pack up your troubles in your old kit bag And smile, smile, smile Just think of all the happy times we'll have and smile, that's the style What's the use of worrying It never was worthwhile So pack up your troubles in your old kit bag And smile, smile, smile Smile, smile, smile A stabbing, Rick? Isn't that a little pedestrian for you? Usually, when you call me, it's to ask what happens if you put a head in a microwave. Well, this one's a little less made-up. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The victim is the mother of that detective I've been following around. Ah. The case has been cold 10 years. I just figured, since you're the best forensic pathologist in the city, maybe you could catch something they missed. You know reality isn't fiction, right? The odds of finding anyone's killer after 10 years... Astronomical, I know. But I'd appreciate it if you took a look. Well, I'll do what I can. Just don't go making any promises I can't keep. Course not. Thanks again. - Get back to you as soon as I can. - I appreciate it. - What was Dr. Death doing here? - Just a little consulting. Sounded to me like you were looking into 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Detective Beckett's mother's murder. Must you always eavesdrop? I wasn't eavesdropping. I happened to walk by your office door. - I live here, too, you know. - Yes, I'm aware. So, does she know you're poking into her mother's case? What's the sense of telling her until I find something new? Well, you ever stop to think you're invading her privacy? I'm not poking through her underwear drawer. I'm investigating her mother's murder. You are digging up her past, darling, without her permission. Now, you either tell her or leave it alone. Oh, my gosh, Dad! - Dad, Dad, Dad! - What is it? - Dad, he asked me! Dad, he asked me! - Who asked you? Owen. But I told him I had to ask you, but you'll say yes, right? 'Cause I told him yes, but you have to say yes, so say yes. What am I saying yes to? The Junior-Senior Prom. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You are not a junior, nor a senior. True, but Owen's a junior. Owen? I thought you said he was only 15. Yeah, he skipped a grade. But he's so cute, Dad. Please, please, please. If I say yes, will you promise to stay up past your bedtime, have a good time? - Yes! - Not... Not too good a time. Dad, all we've done is hold hands. Ew. Okay, please. Don't need details. Just... - So, I can go? - Of course you can go. Oh, I love you. - Oh. I'm gonna need a dress. - Of course. A beautiful dress. A dress, a dress, a dress! Thanks, Dad! - So, do you like this Owen? - I don't know. I haven't met him. You are letting her go out with someone that you've never met. What kind of a father are you? I'm not running a background check on your daughter's date. Oh, come on. She says he's quiet, he keeps to himself and he lives with his parents. Tell me that doesn't sound like a serial killer to you. Who's a serial killer? Castle's daughter, Alexis, got invited to prom. It's her first real date. And you're worried he's a serial killer? You should be more worried he's a teenage boy. Oh, he's only 15. Between satellite TV and the Internet, 15's the new 25. - Dude's right. I was 15 once. - You still are. If I had a daughter her age, I'd never let her out of the house. - Thanks, guys. Mmm-hmm. Car was towed in a few hours ago. Parking violations. When the attendant went to look for the VIN number, he found the vic, slumped over with a bag on his head. Six parking tickets and a tow sticker, and no one bothers to look inside? Tinted windows. Sunshade on the windshield. You'd think someone would try to at least look inside. Yeah, welcome to New York. You got an ID? Yeah. Dr. Joshua Leeds, 37. According to the business cards in his wallet, he's a plastic surgeon. - Car's also registered to him as well. - Any money in the wallet? Yeah, couple of hundred bucks. Well, I guess we can rule out robbery. Plastic bag and duct tape. Not a very efficient way to kill someone. No, but it's very personal. All right, find and notify next of kin. Let's see how long he's been missing. From the state of decay, I'd say about a week. That matches the date on the first parking ticket. Preliminary cause of death indicates asphyxiation, but I'll run toxicology, just in case. That bag's pretty thin. Why wouldn't he just rip it off? He must have been restrained. That's only half the story. His fingernails were removed. And each finger presents signs of having been broken pre-mortem. Broken? If I had to guess, I'd say our doctor was tortured before he was killed. Castle [1x10] - A Death In The Family Aired At 11-05-2009 His fiancée, Courtney Morantz. She reported him missing a week ago. CSU have any luck with the car? We're running prints, testing fibers. We should have results by tomorrow. - All right. Thanks. - Mmm-hmm. Ms. Morantz, I'm Kate Beckett. I'm the detective working on your fiancé's case. I'm very sorry about your loss. I was wondering if I could take a moment of your time? I knew it. When he didn't come home, I just felt it. How long were you engaged? Almost a year. We were gonna get married next month at the Gardens. What did they want? Money? - It doesn't appear to be a robbery. - Then why? Was Josh involved in anything that might have brought him into contact with criminal elements? No. No, not my Josh. That's just not who he was. On the day he disappeared, did you notice anything different about him? - Uh, different? - Did he seem worried or scared or distracted? He was fine. I mean, we were gonna meet because we were gonna go taste some cakes. When he didn't show, I called the office, and they said he'd left, so I called his cell phone, but he didn't pick up. If his office was in Midtown, do you have any idea why his car would be found on 133rd Street? 133rd Street? He'd never go that far north. He always took the Midtown Tunnel to the LIE. And if he was gonna be late, he'd call. He'd always call. He'd always let me know. Anything on the canvass? Locals only remember seeing the car after the tickets. No security cameras on the street. Fiancée's story checks out. Cake shop confirms she was there, waiting. Heading to meet his fiancée at a cake shop in Great Neck. How'd he wind up dead on a street in Harlem? Well, maybe he had secrets even his fiancée didn't know about. Like, maybe he secretly made a living out of using his surgeon's skills to harvest organs off of tourists for the black market organ trade. Whoa, that was a good one. I'm writing that down. So, instead of making up stories, we are going to establish a timeline. - When did he get his first ticket? Last Wednesday morning. Okay. So, you guys go to the Midtown garage where he kept his car, and we'll hit his office. - Cool. - Okay. Hey, can I ask you something? Since when do you ask permission to ask questions? It's about your mother's case. Have you ever thought about reopening it? What are you doing? Nothing. I just thought if we worked together... No. I have resources. Castle, you touch my mom's case and you and I are done. Do you understand? Okay. Why don't you want to investigate it? Same reason a recovering alcoholic doesn't drink. You don't think I haven't been down there? You don't think I haven't memorized every line in that file? My first three years on the force, every off-duty moment was spent looking for something someone missed. It took me a year of therapy to realize if I didn't let it go, it was gonna destroy me. And so I let it go. Sorry. I didn't know. Yeah, well, now you do. Well, this must be the place. What is it with men and boobs, anyway? Biological. We can't help it. But doesn't it bother you that they're so obviously not real? Santa's not real. We still love opening his presents. It wasn't like him to disappear. I think that deep down, we all knew that emm... something was wrong. Did he seem agitated at all? No. I mean, it was pretty much business as usual. Except for the wedding. We were trying to clear his schedule for the honeymoon. When was the last time you saw him? Last Tuesday. He was on his way to meet his fiancée. - What time did he leave the office? - Around 5:30. Yeah. - When I called at 6:00, he was fine. He said he was in traffic at the Tunnel. He'd left Manhattan, then. Why would he come back? Did Dr. Leeds have any enemies? Anyone that he had operated on who had had complications or a bad experience? None of his patients had complications. That doesn't mean that they were always happy. Cosmetic surgery is about self-image. For some people, it changes their lives. For others, nothing's ever enough. Did any of his patients ever threaten him? One. Jacey Goldberg. She was a patient of Dr. Leeds until about three months ago. - What happened? - She wanted a face-lift. - So? - So, she already had three. Dr. Leeds refused to perform the operation. So, what'd she do? She sued him. It was thrown out of court, of course. That's when the threats started. At the very least, she should be arrested for violating the laws of nature. Check this out. Jacey Goldberg's husband, Jack, had her committed to Bellevue a month ago for psychiatric treatment for her little obsession. Guess who testified in support of her commitment. - Dr. Joshua Leeds. - Mmm-hmm. Mandatory one-month treatment program. She was released last week. Three days before our doctor went missing. Mentally unstable plastic surgery chick. That is way better than harvesting organs. Get her in here. Wow. Look at her. How can anyone do that to themselves? Right. It's like she escaped from The Island of Doctor Moreau. Come on, guys. She's not an animal, she's a human being. Yeah, I know, but... Wait, are you being sincere or quoting The Elephant Man? Oh, saucy. Mrs. Goldberg, I'm Detective Beckett. This is Richard Castle, a consultant with the Department. What's this all about, Detective? Mrs. Goldberg, are you familiar with a plastic surgeon named Dr. Joshua Leeds? - Yes. - You recently sued him for malpractice. That's correct. "For refusing to perform elective cosmetic surgery. "Specifically, a face-lift, facial implants, and liposuction. " I can assure you, each procedure was medically necessary. Dr. Leeds didn't seem to think so. That arrogant bastard thought he could play God. Well, if you wanted the surgery so badly, why didn't you just see another lips? Doctor? Because I wanted the best. Who is he to deny me the best? So, you threatened to ruin him? Why does he get to tell me what I can and cannot do? Why does he get to decide what I look like? - Is that why you killed him? - What? - Dr. Leeds was murdered last week. - Murdered? A couple of days after you were released from the psychiatric treatment facility that Leeds helped commit you to. That's motive and opportunity, Counselor. I said I'd ruin him, not kill him. Big difference. Then I suppose you won't mind telling me where you were last Tuesday night? So, where was she? She was in the hospital. - Getting more surgery? - Yep. What's she got left to operate on? - Oh, no. - Oh, yes. Seriously? What could they possibly do down there? Well, apparently, quite a lot. Hpff. Well, if Leeds had a reputation of turning people away, maybe there's someone else that he pissed off. Yeah, Esposito and Ryan are already looking through the patient list, but the CSU came back clean from the car. It'd be almost impossible for a run-of-the-mill revenge murderer to be that invisible. - You thinking it was professional? - I don't know. Mrs. Goldberg had enough money to pay someone to do it. And her surgery is a pretty convenient alibi. But torture and suffocation? That doesn't seem like the work of a disgruntled trophy wife turning 50. Surgeon with broken fingers? That's someone sending a message. - What do you think? - You look beautiful. Dad, you say that about every dress. Don't you think this makes my skin look pasty? Sweetheart, I want you to know, no matter how you think you look, you are perfect exactly the way you are. - You're not helping. - Oh, God, no. Hideous. - Thank you. - Here. Try this. All right. Good color for you. - What are you doing? - What? "You look hideous"? Are you trying to give her body-image issues? Oh, newsflash. She already has body-image issues. It's an intrinsic part of being a woman. Every woman in the world has some part of herself that she absolutely hates. Her hands are too small, her feet are too big, her hair's too straight, too curly. Her ears stick out, her... Oh, God, her butt's too flat, her nose is too big. And you know, nothing you can say will change how we feel. What men don't understand is, the right clothes, the right shoes, the right makeup just... It hides the flaws we think we have. They make us look beautiful to ourselves. That's what makes us look beautiful to others. Used to be, all she needed to feel beautiful was a pink tutu and a plastic tiara. We spend our whole lives trying to feel that way again. - What do you think? - I think it's you. Staff just went through all the files. No other red flags. Any dark secrets in here? Yeah. Doctor Leeds had a weakness. Energy bars. He volunteered at Doctors International. Did pro bono work. The guy's a boy scout. Hell, he didn't even have any porn on his computer. - That's weird. - I know. Know what he had in his locked desk drawer? A fifth of Scotch? Checkbook. The guy locked up his checkbook. What about these folders? Wedding stuff. Tux deposits. Catering invoices. Maybe some angry couple killed him for their wedding venue. Hmm? It's as good a theory as any. Hey. These aren't all wedding files. That's odd. All the patient information's blacked out. Maybe Dr. Leeds has a secret after all. It's his handwriting, but I've never seen this file before. Can you identify that patient? Not from his notes. Just that it was a male, 55 years old. How about this kind of procedure? This is impossible. I'm his primary nurse. I run his surgical team. He never operates without me. Apparently, he did. Mario, check on Dr. Leeds' calendar. What do you have for March 18th? He was supposed to be down at Mercy, attending the panel on reconstructive surgery. Why would he lie? Why would he operate without me? According to the hospital, the procedure lasted nine hours. Neither the assisting nor the anesthesiologist were with the hospital. Both were brought in by Dr. Leeds, neither of his regulars. A nine-hour mystery operation he didn't want his own people to know about? The hospital must've had some record of the patient. Get this. The hospital can't find the file. It's like it never happened. - Who did you talk to? - Patient Information. Well, that was your first mistake. You want to find someone at a hospital who had a treatment there, there's only one department to go to where nothing ever falls through the cracks. Billing. Someone had to pay for it, right? Thank you. No. I appreciate it. Well, it looks like our mystery patient's hospital bills - were paid promptly and in full. - By whom? - Wire transfer. Esposito. - Yeah. See what you can find on this account number. - All right. - So, did Alexis find a dress yet? Yeah. Yeah. Cute one, too. Boy, I can't believe my little girl's going to prom. My only comfort now is the longstanding tradition - of torturing the boyfriend. - What do you mean? You know, the time-honored hazing that goes on in those few moments we share, where he and I are alone, just before my daughter descends the stairs. I remember the terror of meeting my date's old man. What'd he do? Checked my wallet for condoms, showed me his gun collection. My hands were shaking so bad, I could barely put on the corsage. What'd your dad do? I... I don't know. I was in my room. How was your date when you finally came out? You know, actually, now that you mention it, he looked terrified. And this whole time, I thought he was scared of me. Nope. And now it's my turn. What are you planning? Something befitting the name of Castle. - Yo, you're never gonna believe this. - What'd you find? That account the money was wired from? It belongs to the US Attorney's Office. Whatever the procedure was, Uncle Sam paid for it. I guess we can rule out "boob job. " Why would the DOJ pay for a cosmetic procedure? There's only one reason. To change someone's identity. So, you think the guy was in Witness Protection? If Dr. Leeds was tortured, I think our killer's trying to find this guy. Then we'd better find him first. How do you find someone who's in Witness Protection? We ask the people who are protecting him. Ask Hard Candy? Good luck. "Hard Candy"? Assistant US Attorney Candace Robinson. She makes mobsters cry. I'm sorry, Detective, but you must know that information on a protected witness is confidential. Whether or not you have proof that we employed Dr. Leeds, or whether or not you have proof that an operation took place, is irrelevant. Not to my victim, it's not. Not to his family, and certainly not to his fiancée. They were planning a life together that they will never have. Look, I am not unsympathetic to your situation, but we all have our jobs to do. Ms. Robinson, doesn't it matter to you that the man that you employed was killed, and whoever murdered him might be looking for your witness? Detective, you are asking me to expose a witness during an ongoing federal investigation, and I am telling you that is not going to happen. So, what now? This witness of theirs is key. Without knowing who he is or who's after him, there's no way of getting to the next step. There's another way we can figure out - who that witness is. - Yeah? How? Candace Robinson's office deals almost exclusively with organized crime. - So? - So, what if we ask the other side? You want to ask the mob who the witness is? Clearly, they already know who he is, if they're trying to kill him. Like you said, he's gotta be a significant witness in a pretty big case. So, what do we do? Hop in the car, drive down to the Bada Bing? I know a guy. He owes me a favor. You "know a guy"? What is this, a Mamet play? From the early days of Derrick Storm. He's a capo with one of the families. He's actually pretty nice. For a criminal! I'm just saying, maybe he knows something. Maybe he can tell us something the feds won't. I keep forgetting you read plays! Whoa! Whoa, whoa! I'm a friend! I'm a friend! Sal? Take him out back. Kill him. Sal! Whoa, whoa! Sal! No, let me go. Oh, jeez. Sal, it's me. It's me, buddy. Vito! Vito, wait! Vito, wait! Hold on. I was just messing with him. It's all right. - Come here. - Not funny, Sal. No, you're right. No. It wasn't funny. It was frigging hilarious! Richard-frigging-Castle. Master of the macabre. What brings you down off your cloud of money? Thank you. The guy you're talking about? He worked for the Spolano family. Jimmy "the Rat" Moran. He was an underboss. He was a favorite of the Old Man's, but he got squeezed out by Junior when the Old Man bit it. Rumor has it that he turned State's a few months ago, and the Spolanos are running scared. Apparently, Moran's got it all, bills of lading, calendars, ledgers, the whole shooting match. Enough to take down all the top guys. Well, no wonder he wanted to change his face. Hey, if they got to the surgeon, it's only a matter of time before they get to him. - When I wrote Storm Warning... - Oh, I love that book. Thank you. You told me that certain mob hitmen have signature styles or weapons. - That's right. - Okay. Well, this killer used a plastic bag with duct tape to suffocate his victim. Does that sound like anyone you know? No. You'd have to ask the Spolanos about that one. Yeah, I don't think they'd like that. Probably not. I bet you I know somebody else who might know. - Who? - Jimmy "the Rat". Jimmy "the Rat" Moran, aka Jimmy Pretty. Been linked to gambling, loansharking and extortion schemes. You know, you want a guy to be loyal, you probably shouldn't nickname him "the Rat". Okay, so let's start off by digging up all known associates of the Spolano family. Yeah, sure. And while we're at it, we'll just bang our heads against a brick wall. You know, just for fun. Professional hits are the hardest to close. Because of the anonymous nature of the murders, the usual rules, like motive and relationship to victim, don't apply. We need to talk to Moran. Gotta see what he knows. Yeah. What makes you think your friend Hard Candy's gonna cooperate with you now? You have your sources, I have mine. Oh, it's not your ex-boyfriend, is it? Mr. FBI? Tall, brooding and judgmental? Why, yes, in fact, it is. Is that a problem? No, not for me. But, then again, I'm not the one he's trying to get back together with. Well, this is a nice surprise. Yeah, hopefully this is a nice surprise as well. Sprinkles. Am I really that predictable? Well, maybe I just know you too well. I mean, we did date once. Yeah. Oh, no, thanks. I don't eat sprinkles anymore. Right. So, okay. Is this the part where you ask me to bend the rules to help you on your case? Am I really that predictable? Maybe I just know you too well. What do you need? I want to talk to Jimmy Moran. - Jimmy Moran, the mobster? - Yeah. What makes you think I can help with that? The FBI and the US Attorney's Office have him in Witness Protection. - And you know this how? - Word on the street. Look, even if it's true, I don't work organized crime cases. Oh, come on, Will. You and I both know how this works. You reach out to the agent in charge, he talks to the AUSA running the case, and then I get to talk to Jimmy Moran. And I do this for you why? All right, let me put this another way. The Spolanos know that Jimmy is cooperating with the government. We know that they want him dead because they murdered the surgeon you feds hired to change his face. You guys put that doctor in harm's way, so you're doing it for him, not for me. This is it. Don't be nervous. Dad! No! No severed heads. - That's... I... It's time-honored... - No! Richard, really. Take it off. Come on. Fine. - Hi. - Hi. - Wow. You look really nice. - Thanks. You, too. - Baby, find the lens. - Dad. I'm not here. Oh. - Dad, Gram, this is Owen. - Delighted. - Hi. Hi. Hi. - Pleasure. - Oh, don't they look adorable? And a corsage. Here. It goes on your wrist. Not bad. Oh, okay. Oh, it's beautiful. It's beautiful. - Ready? Yeah, okay. - Yeah. What? Whoa, whoa! Wait, wait, wait. That's it? I don't even get a chance to ask him if he's killed a man? Dad, he hasn't. But I might. All right. Get out of here. Don't do anything I would do. Bye. - Enjoy yourselves. - Have fun! Bye! My little girl! She's all grown up. Yeah. Well, at least one of you is. A severed head? Ooh, I was just getting started, too. I was gonna break into my Chris Walken. "Whoa! Tell me, little man, "have you ever been to prison?" Very funny. Very funny. But leave the acting to me, honey. Hi, Detective Beckett. I'm so glad you called. Regale me. - Castle? - It's my Chris Walken. - What do you think? - Uh, needs work. In all fairness, part of it's visual. Listen, Sorenson's on board. He pulled some strings and got someone at the US Attorney's Office to cave. He's gonna let you question Moran? But we gotta be there in an hour. You in? Am I in? Is the Pope Catholic? It'll grow on you. Seriously? Parking garage? - What? It's pretty cliché. Yeah, well, no one said that the feds were original. Yeah. Next thing, you'll tell me they'll be pulling up in a black Suburban with tinted windows. Oh, someone's been watching way too many Bruckheimer films. Five minutes, Detective. That's all you get. NYPD thanks you for your cooperation. - Want me to watch the monkey? - That's okay. Monkey comes with me. Suit yourself. Hey, I really like your car. It's very nondescript. Mr. Moran, I'm Detective Beckett. This is Richard Castle. Richard Castle, like the novelist? Exactly like. - I thought you guys were cops. - He's consulting on the case. Look, I already told the feds everything I know. You want info on the Spolanos, ask them. Actually, we're not here about the Spolanos. We're here about Dr. Leeds, the man who operated on you. - What about him? - He was found murdered last week. Murdered? The doc was murdered? Asphyxiated. They duct-taped a plastic bag over his head. We believe the Spolanos may have been involved. "May have been"? "May have been"? Given how Leeds was killed, and given your knowledge of the organization, we were hoping that you would be able to help identify the... - Hey! Hey! - What's wrong? Get me out of here! We can help, Mr. Moran. We can find the guys who did this. But you have to let me know if there was anyone in the Spolano family that kills this way. Yeah. Yeah, there is. Me. The duct tape, the bag. That was my MO. Don't you get it? They're sending a message to me. And if they got to the doc... Take me back! Now! - Hey, how'd it go? - Oh, do the words - "unmitigated disaster" mean anything? - What happened? We scared a key witness in a huge federal case - so bad that now he won't testify. - Oh, is that all? Beckett, I just got a call from DOJ. - Sir, I can explain. It... - No, no. It's Sorenson. On the way back to the FBI safe house with Moran, someone pulled up next to them and opened fire. He was in the back with the witness. They both were shot. Car was a late-model sedan with dealer plates. The guy pulls up at the light with a mask on, blew the tires, and starts shooting at the back of the vehicle. I thought the glass would be bulletproof. They used cop killers. Teflon rounds. Went right through the door. He's still in surgery. Moran's gonna be okay, though. Doctor Malone to Pathology, Doctor Malone to Pathology. - You want to talk? - There's nothing to talk about. I'm the one who pushed for it and I'm the one who got Will involved. There's no way you could have known this was gonna happen. Are you sure about that? Because their vehicle was attacked leaving our meet. - So? - So, we were followed. Someone who knew about the investigation found out about the meet. We led them to Moran. So, yeah, I should've known. And if I were a better cop, I would have. You think this is your fault? Yeah, you pushed for it. Not because it's your job, but because you care. Most people come up against a wall, they give up. Not you. You don't let go. You don't back down. That's what makes you extraordinary. He's gonna make it. He's gonna be okay. I... I had a good time. Me, too. - Good night. - Night. Did you have fun? As a matter of fact, I did. This dating thing is kind of nice. How was Owen? Don't worry. I closed my eyes for the kissing part. Yeah. Me, too. You know, you didn't have to wait up. It's my job. I wait up. I make sure you're all right. But tonight, I realized I'm not gonna be doing it for much longer. - Dad... - In a couple of years, you're gonna go off to college. You're gonna get married. You're gonna have kids. And I'm only gonna see you on holidays. Until some gold-digger steals all my money, but then I get to move in with you. Wow. I feel like I just lost 30 years of my life. That's how it happens. One day, you're in tutus, and the next day, you're too old for severed heads. Dad, don't worry. No matter how old I get, I'll always be your little girl. - Promise? - Promise. Thank you. - Now go to bed. - Okay. Desk officer said she came in at 4:00 this morning. She's been at the board ever since. She called us in at 6:00 a. m. To recheck every person we talked to on the case. And she's had, like, nine double espressos. Hey. I've been reading on the Internet about this new thing called "sleep". It's supposed to be real good for you. When I gave you that little speech last night, I really didn't mean for you to go all Beautiful Mind on me. It wasn't anyone at the US Attorney's Office. They wouldn't need us to find him. So it had to be someone that we talked to. You don't think it was my Mafia connection? If he's in a rival family then they would want Moran alive to testify, because if the feds take down the Spolanos then the other families can take over their territories. No. We are looking for someone who had access to the doctor before we got the case. So that leaves the fiancée and his staff. Yeah, except the fiancée is clean. Alibied and accounted for last night. Phone records don't indicate any calls to unknown numbers. And I thought you already ran his staff up. We did, and there were no records of anything to indicate ties to organized crime. What about last night? Maggie Dowd was at dinner with friends. Mario Guerrera worked late, packing patient files. And the senior nurse, Julia Hammond, claims she was home alone. What was Mario doing packing patient files last night? They're closing up shop. Patient files are all going to new doctors. It's just... Doesn't that seem like a weird thing to be doing on a Friday night? Yeah, well, when you're a low man on the totem pole, that's what life is like. People think they can call you in to work at 6:00 AM. On a Saturday. Julia Hammond and Maggie Dowd. How long did they work for Dr. Leeds? Uh, Hammond was with him 10 years. Maggie came on a few months back. Why? Because our "low man on the totem pole," Mario Guerrera, started working for the doctor about a month ago. We checked him. We even called his nursing school. He's clean. Check again. They can't all be clean. Where are you going? To see if Mario was actually at the office Friday night. Detective. Is everything okay? - Mario, I need you to come with me. - Why? - We need to ask you some questions. - Did I do something wrong? Beckett. It's Maggie. - What? Maggie. We double-checked everything, even called the nursing schools again. This time, we had them send pictures. And the one of Maggie, it's a different girl. It's Maggie. Where's Maggie Dowd? - She didn't come in today. Why? - Detective. Was Dr. Leeds affiliated with Saint Marcus Hospital? Yeah, that's where we do our procedures. - Lf she has a hospital ID... - She can finish the job. You're off the hook. But don't leave town. Room's restricted. I need to see your ID. You have a Maggie Dowd on your list? She's on the roster. You can let her through. I gotta say, Jimmy, you're a hard man to find. Took me weeks to even find out that you changed your face. Sodium thiopental. It's what they use in lethal injections. It's not as much fun as a plastic bag, but it does the trick. Oh, and, I got a message from Junior, Jimmy. He says, "Go to hell". Hi. You're under arrest for the murder of Dr. Leeds and the attempted murder of Jimmy Moran. You're too late. Oh, no. Oh, God. Oh, don't worry. It's not attached to anything. It's like we knew you were coming. Attempted murder of a federal witness. What's that going for these days? Twenty-five to life. She's all yours. Looks like you managed to set things right with the US Attorney's Office. She turned State's. When Moran recovers, the feds'll have two witnesses against the Spolanos. But only Maggie back there can link them to murder. No, but her real name is Carla Dante. They call her "Carla Coldblood". She's been killing for the family for five years now. When Jimmy dropped dime, the Spolanos sent their best. Lady hitman. A real blow for women's rights. And the real Maggie Dowd? Works for a hospital in Seattle. She had no idea that they had stolen her identity. Carla even pulled a recommendation off of a job-hunting site in order to apply for the position with Leeds. Originally, she thought she was gonna get a photograph of Moran, and when she couldn't, she went after Leeds. And then when Leeds didn't talk, she killed him. But why stay around the office? If she left before Leeds' body was found, it would've looked suspicious. And she probably didn't think he'd be sitting around for a week. Then we showed up, and she waited to see how far we'd get. That's good work, Detective. Very good work. Thank you, sir. You know, sir, I never thought that I would be saying this, but I don't think I could have done it without Castle. Where's Castle, anyway? The original ME concluded that the stab wounds were random. Now, maybe the killer got lucky. But you see this wound here? - Yeah. - It's a low-angle thrust to the kidney. The wound size indicated that the knife was twisted. Her body would've gone into immediate shock. What about these? Well, their angles indicate that they were delivered after she was immobilized and on the ground. They're just for show. This is the one that killed her. This is sounding less like a random killing, more like a targeted murder. There's more. On a hunch, I checked the City ME files to see if this was an isolated incident, and found three other stabbings around that time that the ME working the case dismissed as... random. Were they related? Are you sure you want to know? You have to tell her, you know. Do you know what this would do to her? You have information that could lead to her mother's killer. You can't keep that from her. I know. But she said if I opened the file that we'd be through. It doesn't matter. She has to know. No, you didn't. Stop making me laugh. Oh, come on. It's not like you've been shot or something. - I thought you were over sprinkles. - Maybe not. Mmm. It's the writer monkey. What is he still doing here? Haven't you finished your book yet? Last chapter. Do you have a sec? Yeah. Watch it, Kate. He likes you. You'll have to forgive him. He is heavily medicated. You look awfully serious. Is everything okay? Take a seat. - What? - Sit down. Castle, what's going on? It's about your mother. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 