Castle: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Castle 
 s2e3 - Inventing the Girl - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Castle (2009–2016): Season 2, Episode 3 - Inventing the Girl - full transcript 
 During fashion week, a couple playfully stripping in a public fountain finds the beaten-up corpse there of designer Teddy Farrow's rising model Jenna McBoyd, fatally stabbed with an obelisk-shaped glass object. She was on diet-amphetamines, hoping to be chosen as the collection's campaign-face. Devoted husband Travis, who moved for her from Ohio, is shocked the NYPD still didn't follow up on their complaints about a stalker who never actually threatened her, identified as croupier Will James, who has an alibi. Model Sierra Goodwin now gets the campaign, and secretly dated photographer Wyatt Monroe, who allegedly sabotaged Jenna's crucial photo-shoot. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There are two kinds of folks who sit around thinking about how to kill people: Psychopaths and mystery writers. I'm the kind that pays better. Who am I? I'm Rick Castle. Castle. Castle. I really am ruggedly handsome, aren't I? Every writer needs inspiration and I found mine. Detective Kate Beckett. Beckett. Beckett. - "Nikki Heat"? - The character he's basing on you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And thanks to my friendship with the mayor, I get to be on her case. I'd be happy to let you spank me. And together we catch killers. We make a pretty good team, you know. Like Starsky and Hutch. Turner and Hooch. You do remind me a little of Hooch. Stop it! What are you talking about? Oh, a fountain! I love fountains! Let's skinny dip! - Go on, baby. - Come on. It'll be fun. - Now? Are you kidding? - Lf you catch me, you can have me. Okay! I'm coming! You got it. I'm coming! - They're coming off right now. - Take your pants off! - Get over here! - I've got you! I'm coming! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yeah! Ahhh! "I swear, Jasmine, this has always been the way with you. "You can't just go through life asking for an egg "in your beer and your money back twice." - Your money back twice! - Sorry. "Mama, if I'm such a disappointment to you, "I don't know why you even bother coming home. Isn't that right, Granny?" "Shut up, both of you. I'm trying to watch my stories." "I wish I'd never left Paris." And, scene. Good. Good, all right. Let's take it from the top. Oh, guys. Come on. Don't you want me to land this role? - Of course we do. It's just... Yeah. Look, we are talking about the lead in a Broadway play. This is a potential gold mine. If it's a hit, who knows how long it could run? Then I could take it on the road. Castle. I'll be right there. All right. Death. Murder. Mayhem. Whole enchilada. Sorry to bail on rehearsal. Don't worry. Alexis can read both parts. It's all right if she misses a morning of school, isn't it? - Take me with you. - To a crime scene? It'd be educational. Please? Find your own hiding place. Caucasian female. A couple of skinny dippers - found her this morning. - Bet that killed the mood. Purse is missing. No ID. And get this, we couldn't find her shoes. I'm gonna go with, still with Prince Charming at the ball. Should we look for a pumpkin and some mice? I guess not. Canvass the buildings surrounding the plaza and get uniforms to check trash cans and dumpsters for her purse. Aye, aye. Hi, Lanie. - Hey. - Cause of death? - Stabbing. There's a fatal wound in her back. - Maybe a robbery gone wrong. Maybe. We gotta find out who she is and what she was doing here - so late, though. - Well, she's tall, she's gorgeous, 10 pounds underweight. Her hair is fried, she's wearing too much eye makeup. She's a model. Which means she was probably at a club last night. It is, after all, Fashion Week, when all the hottest women in the world descend upon the hippest nightspots like locusts. - Only, locusts eat. - Can you tell me who killed her? - Then pipe down. This was on her wrist. She was at a club. That's Teddy Farrow's logo. He designs clothes for women. Upscale, expensive. My credit card and I are painfully aware of Teddy's designs. I almost asked for custody of them after my last divorce. Is there a label in her dress? Teddy Farrow Collection. Well, if she is one of his models, maybe he can identify her for us. - Thank you, Lanie. - You're welcome. I can already see the blurb on my next book jacket. "It's Fashion Week in New York City, and the clothes are to die for." - Five minutes, people! - That's Jenna. Jenna McBoyd. She was supposed to walk for me today. My God, what happened? She was stabbed sometime this morning. I can't believe it. I mean, I saw her last night at my party. Did you notice anything unusual at the party? She was agitated. But that wasn't so unusual for her these days. - Which one? - That one. - Okay. - Any idea what was wrong? Yeah. She was stressed out. Hey! Not the pink sash, the blue one. Sorry, sir. - Look, Jenna was a small-town girl. - I mean, straight off the bus from Ohio. - You're saying she was an innocent? She was a rising star, but she wasn't ready - for what was coming her way. - What do you mean? Four minutes, people! Four minutes. I mean I was thinking of making her the face of my campaign. That would have meant photo shoots, magazines, billboards in Times Square, travel, not to mention a very generous paycheck. That seems to be all pretty heady stuff for a naive young girl. In recent weeks, she'd become so bad-tempered, paranoid. I'd started to wonder if she wasn't too inexperienced for a major campaign. You said that she was paranoid. - Any chance she was doing drugs? - Not her style. Teddy, if you want me to shoot the girls, you need to get that boy-band poseur out of my seat. Wyatt, I'll take care of it. Mr. Farrow, just a couple more questions. Yes, but quickly, please. Who was Jenna with last night at your party? Castle, focus. I only saw her briefly. She spent most of her time with Sierra, her best friend. That's Sierra there, with the wedding gown. So, if that's all, now I really must take care - of last-minute details. - One last thing. When Jenna left your party, was she wearing shoes? Yes, Christian Louboutin pink satin pumps I'd lent her for the evening. The dress she was wearing was a one-of-a-kind. I don't suppose we can have it returned? It's in evidence now. And it has a hole in the back of it, - where she was stabbed. - Sorry. Rick Castle, it's so funny I ran into you today. - I just bought this on my way in. - Oh, look at that. It's my cover. - And it's on stands already. - "Richard Castle gets the inspiration "for his latest novel, Heat Wave, and his new character, Nikki Heat, "from New York's finest." That's nice, right? - Could you... - Yes, absolutely. - Who should I make it out to? - You don't remember me? - Yes, of course I do. Yeah, you're... - Rina. Rina. Yes. We met at that party. With that, that thing. That was late, it was crazy, that... Wow, what a night. Let's go, models, take your places. I need you up here and in line. Here. Call me. You're in here, too, you know. Mmm-hmm. Oh, God, I feel sick. And I'm wearing her gown. She was supposed to close the show today, not me. I called her this morning like a million times, - but it just kept going to voice mail. - When did Jenna leave the party? Around midnight. I assumed she was going home. Mr. Farrow mentioned that she seemed agitated lately. Tomorrow, Teddy's announcing the new face of his collection. Jenna was up for the job and she was a little tense, - but she didn't have any reason to be. - Why not? She was a lock. Jenna was Teddy's favorite. Oh, God. Does Travis know? Her husband? He's gonna be devastated. They were so in love. I went to bed around 11:00, I figured she'd wake me when she got in. But at 3:00 a.m. She wasn't home, so I called her cell phone. She wasn't there. I called the cops. They said I had to wait 48 hours till I could report her missing. I told them, "You don't know my wife. "If she's not home by now, something happened to her." God, I should have been there. These parties, you know, they're just... Everyone is so phony. Travis, I know this is difficult, but I have to ask you this question. Was there anyone that you can think of - that would want to do harm to Jenna? - You're kidding, right? We filed the reports. Didn't the other cops send them - to you guys? - Reports? For harassment. Some guy was sending Jenna letters, like, writing all sorts of sick things. He was taking pictures of her, too. It's like he was watching us all the time. She was falling apart. I mean, we both were. Hell, we almost moved back home. - And you filed a report? - Yeah. A dozen of them, and every time you people said the same damn thing. That this is New York and you got more important things to do than to track down some annoying fan. And now she's dead. My wife is dead. The letters were mailed from the SoHo post office. - No return address. No signature. - So, the anonymous stalker didn't write down his name and number. Yeah, I'm just saying. "I saw you today in the subway. "Did you see me? I wanted to taste you." That's pretty sick stuff. But he doesn't make any direct threats. That's why Jenna and Travis couldn't get the beat cops to take them seriously. Boy, two small-town kids go to the big city to follow their dreams and then this. Not the fairy-tale ending they were looking for, I'm sure. You know, to take these shots, he would have had to have been on a rooftop pretty close to the apartment. No wonder she was freaked out. Find the roof, see if there's anything up there that we can use to identify him. Those cops let Jenna down once. We're not gonna do it again. Hello! I'm home, and I brought Chow Fun. Hey, Dad. - Hey. Oh, nice. But I already picked up a copy on my way home. - Well, did you read it? Was she kind? - The writer loved you. She loved Detective Beckett. She even loved the book. It was your basic puff piece. Well, I'm sure my mother will find something to say that will keep me - from getting too puffed. - Not tonight, she won't. She's in her room, mourning the death of her career. - She didn't get that play? - She did. Just not the part she wanted. The producers said she's not right to play the lead. They want her to play the crazy granny. Oh, the crazy granny. - Who dies in act one. - Oh. - Offstage. - Oh. No. - You expecting a call? - A call back, actually. I met a nice young woman at Fashion Week. I left her a message about an hour ago. A model? Mmm-hmm. Gee, Dad. Picking up hotties while you're working a case? She picked me up, as a matter of fact. She said we knew each other from somewhere. It's a curse, being so irresistible. What's this one's name? Lola? Bree? Tatiana? - Rina. - Did you say "Rina"? - Yeah. - Blonde hair? - Yeah. - Bambi eyes? - Yeah. - Cute little overbite? - Yeah. - Dad, you know Rina. - She used to baby-sit me. - She used to what you? Baby-sit. Remember? We watched High School Musical together. - Like, a million times. - I vaguely remember a... Like, a gangly girl with stringy hair and braces named Katrina. That's the one. She did the whole ugly-duckling-to-swan thing, shortened her name and became a model. That's so funny that you ran into her. The world is really small. Yeah. Small and cruel. I'm putting the time of death - between 2:00 and 5:00 a.m. - She left the party at midnight. - So, where was she for two hours? - Any signs of sexual assault? No, but she put up a fight. There's some bruising on her arms and hands, her dress was torn, there's a cut inside of her cheek, indicating that she was slapped hard. But here's the weird part. She was stabbed with something long and sharp. It wasn't your typical blade. - How so? Well, based on the wound, I made a reconstruction. It's four-sided. It's slimmer at the tip and gets progressively wider at the base. Also, I found traces of glass in the wound. She was stabbed with the Washington Monument? Excuse me. Esposito, any luck? Yeah. Rooftop is right across the street from the vic's apartment. Easy access. You find anything? Lots of cigarette butts, soda cans. And an empty package for a digital camera memory card. Get it to CSU, see if you can pull any prints. On our way. Anything else? Yeah. Preliminary tox screen indicates her blood alcohol was 0.02, and there were traces of Addmair in her system. What's that? It's a form of speed, usually prescribed to people with ADD. But models have been known to buy it off the street - and use it for weight loss. - So much for her being anti-drug. I guess the job and the stalker weren't the only things making her tense. Do you find it odd Jenna had a stalker? No, not really. Why? Well, she wasn't Heidi Klum. She hadn't even had a national campaign. Well, maybe the guy figured he was getting in on the ground floor, stalker-wise, you know. Beat the rush. Oh! Couldn't resist, could you? Pretty nice write-up, huh? Yeah. If you like those sorts of fluff pieces. Fluff? The reporter made you sound like you're a cross between Sherlock Holmes and Angelina Jolie. And the picture isn't half-bad, either. Although, you don't always need - to cross your arms. - It's fine. - Then why are you upset? - I'm not upset. - You look upset. - Well, I'm not. But if you were upset, you would tell me, right? - I'm not. - But if you were. It doesn't matter because I'm not upset. Well, well, well. Richard Castle. - The man of the hour. - Do you mean this? Pretty flattering, right? At least, I thought so. Old news, my friend. We're talking about yesterday at Fashion Week. Word on the street is you brought back a little souvenir. The digits of a particular young honey named Reno? Rina. I might have mentioned it to them in passing. Come on, Castle. Take pity on your model-deprived brothers. Give us the stats. Was she the sexy, curvy, - lingerie-type that you could just... - Or the toned and tanned, - bikini-wearing type? She's more like the, "I'm totally psyched I just got my driver's license" type. Okay, you know what? You two so need to evolve, because that little girl you're talking about like a piece of meat, that's somebody's daughter, all right? - She's somebody's baby-sitter. - You guys, CSU matched a print - off the memory card packaging. Will James. Real charm-boy. On probation for domestic assault. - A couple of restraining orders. - Sounds like our guy. Will James, NYPD. We're all clear. - Yeah, clear in here, too. - You guys. Look what I found. - Jenna's comp card. - Comp card? Yeah, agencies use it to get models work. A single comp card? That's not very stalker-y. Where's the big, creepy wall of Jenna? Beckett. - Yeah? I think I got something. A camera with a telephoto lens. - What has it got on it? - Nothing. Maybe it's been erased. Q-tech, four gigs. Same as the empty package on the roof. Get it to CSU. See if they can recover the photos. If this guy had a thing for Jenna, he sure was subtle about it. Did you know what a comp card is? Yeah. Me, neither. - Can I help you, officers? Will James? Get your hands up. We can place you on the rooftop of the building across from her. So if you weren't taking photos, what were you doing there? I didn't kill her, all right? I wasn't even here Sunday, I was working. Right, at the casino over in Atlantic City. Don't worry, we're running it down now. In the meantime, maybe you can explain how this got in your apartment. Having pictures of hot chicks is not a crime. No, but sending them threatening letters is. If I may. "You were wearing a lot of makeup today. "It made you look like a slut." You guys think I wrote that? That guy is aptly named. He gives me the willies. We have a problem. His alibi checks out. You've gotta be kidding me. Mmm-mmm. I talked to the manager of the casino where he works. He says that Will James was there the night the girl was killed. There's got to be some kind of mistake. Maybe his boss is in on it. Covering for his friend. I thought so, so they sent over the security footage. James was parking cars all night. He's not our guy. Okay, I don't... I don't understand. We're holding him on stalking charges. - But he didn't kill her. - He sent those letters, right? - He took the pictures. - We won't know for sure unless CSU is able to recover files from the camera card. Whoever killed Jenna, we will find them. I promise. - Okay, just whatever I can do. Well, there is something that we're trying to figure out. The medical examiner said that she found Addmair in Jenna's bloodstream. - It's a type of amphetamine. - No. No, Jenna didn't use drugs. Some people say that she'd been acting nervous lately. Edgy. Sure, that was the stress. Look, these letters, they really scared her, she didn't want to tell people at work about them. How were things going for her at work? Was there anyone she didn't get along with? Mr. Farrow, perhaps? No, look. She loved Teddy. She got along good with everyone. I don't know, maybe this one guy. A photographer. They had a fight. About what? I guess he was the guy that was gonna shoot the Farrow campaign, so last week he and Jenna, they did this test shoot. She came home crying. Said that her pictures were awful. She was worried she wouldn't - get the job now. - Did Jenna say what went wrong? She said that he just didn't like her. He was trying to ruin it for her by making her look bad. This photographer. Do you know his name? Mr. Monroe, what happened between you and Jenna? Look, Jenna was a great model and a great girl, but that day she was unfocused, awkward. We had words, but we resolved our issues. How? I agreed to do another test, on my time and my dime. We were supposed to meet yesterday, after the runway show, but... Can you confirm where you were at between 1:00 and 5:00 a.m. The night she died? I was at the Zac Posen party until 3:00 and then home, asleep. - Thank you, Mr. Monroe. - Mmm-hmm. Ladies and gentlemen, Teddy Farrow. Good afternoon. It's been a hard week for us here at Teddy Farrow. As I'm sure you've heard, we lost one of our own on Sunday night. Jenna McBoyd was taken from this world too soon. But even as we honor her memory, she would have wanted us to carry on. And that's why I've invited you here to introduce the new face of my collection. She's an exciting talent, and together we shall achieve great things. I give you Miss Sierra Goodwin. There's Sierra, stepping in for her good friend Jenna, again. Is it just me, or does she look really happy? What was it that Teddy was saying about his new face? Her picture in every magazine, a billboard in Times Square, a huge paycheck. Definitely worth killing for. Castle, you're talking about one girl murdering another for a job. It's not a job, it's a campaign, a career maker. Jealousy is a classic motive. You've seen the films. The Talented Mr. Ripley, Dead Ringers, and of course, the underrated classic, Showgirls. Nobody murdered anyone in Showgirls. I hear. Sierra wants to be Teddy's favorite, but she's always second choice. Sierra thinks, "What if Jenna was gone? Then I'd be number one. "Then I would finally get everything that I deserve." And then one night, she sees her chance. She lures Jenna somewhere quiet, deserted. And when Jenna turns her back, Sierra stabs her. With the statue of the Washington Monument that she carries in her purse? And then steals her shoes. Not a perfect theory, but we're here anyway, so no harm in learning a little bit more about what makes Sierra Goodwin tick. And I see just the girl to clue us in. Perfect! Move! There you go, that's it! Rick! That's "Mr. Castle" to you, missy. Rina, this is Detective Beckett. Detective Beckett, Rina. She used to baby-sit for me. - Or, I mean, Alexis. - You don't say. - Actually, we're here about Jenna. - That was so terrible. Yeah. Was it true that she and Sierra Goodwin were kind of BFFs? I wouldn't say BFFs. Sierra's more of a frenemy. - How so? - She doesn't play well with others. She ever push anybody down the stairs? No. Stupid stuff, really. Lying about when a call time is. Itching powder in your underwear. Wait, and this one time, she crushed up a diet pill and dropped it into another model's champagne. - You're saying she dosed someone? - The girl got all wired and called Calvin Klein a boring old fart, to his face. Oh! Thank you, Rina. You've been very helpful. Sierra! Sierra, over here! You got something you want to share with the class? I was just thinking, maybe Jenna didn't use drugs. Maybe Sierra was slipping them into her drinks when Teddy Farrow was around, to make her seem crazy or paranoid. Now that is an evil deed worthy of the Showgirls special edition. What are those two doing here? Okay, guys, what's going on? Tech managed to recover the deleted photos from Will James' memory card. He might not have been Jenna's killer, but he was definitely her stalker. You drove all the way down here just to show me this? We thought you'd want them right away. - That is so thoughtful of you guys. - What do you think, Beckett? - You missing the glamorous life? - The what life? - Castle, hey, is your, your girl here? - Rina. Rina used to baby-sit Alexis, fellas. So, as far as Big Rick here is concerned, she might as well be wearing - a chastity belt. - Thank you for that visual image. That's... And also, thank you for calling me "Big Rick." Hey, by the way, our buddy Will has a girlfriend we might want to talk to. There's some photos of her right here in the back. - Mmm. Naked photos. - Castle, check this out. Look at naked pictures? If you insist. She's Will James' girlfriend? It looks like Teddy Farrow isn't the only guy that Sierra was modeling for. Have you any idea of the spectacle you just caused? I mean, why the hell would you drag the face of my campaign out of my launch party and bring her down here as if she was some sort of criminal? - Because she is. Will James' confession. He admits Sierra hired him to take the stalker photos of Jenna. He even helped her write the letters. And he claims he was supplying Sierra with Addmair. She was dosing Jenna. She was trying to make her seem paranoid around you. Why would she do that? To prey on the fears of a naive couple, pressure them into moving back to Ohio - so Sierra could take her place. - Mr. Farrow, have you ever heard of the expression, "I would kill for that job"? But she was my face. My face! I mean, have you any idea what this will do to me, the scandal? It will taint the entire spring line! A girl is dead, Mr. Farrow. Does that mean anything to you? It doesn't mean my business should suffer. - They're just clothes. Just clothes, Detective? Clothes are civilization. Clothes are what separate us from animals. Not always. She was your only competition, you needed her out of the way, and you were running out of time. - No. No. I didn't kill her. - Right, you just drugged her and sent her threatening letters. Where were you at 2:00 a.m. On Sunday night? Sierra, you are facing a murder charge. If you have something to say, now would be the time. - She went to Wyatt's place. - The photographer? Jenna wasn't just being paranoid when she said Wyatt sabotaged her photo shoot. He did. Why? Because Jenna wouldn't sleep with him. It's like an open secret with the girls. You give Wyatt what he wants, he gives you great shots. If you don't, he can ruin you. And he wanted Jenna. So, he was making her choose between her career and her marriage vows? Nice guy. She knew the photos from the second test had to be great or she really would lose the job. She needed him to do it right this time. So what happened on Sunday? She told me she had a plan. I figured she was gonna give Wyatt what he wanted. I just told her, "It's not the worst thing in the world," you know. "You might even like it." I did. That was the last time I saw her alive. - Yo, Beckett. - Yeah? We just got the rundown on Wyatt Monroe. No priors. But turns out his apartment is right next door to the arts center, and his living room overlooks the fountain where Jenna was killed. - He lives next to the crime scene? - We ran that alibi that he gave you. Witnesses at the Zac Posen party said he left around 11:30. - He told us he left at 3:00 a.m. - There's more. We checked with the Teddy Farrow people. They said he got to their party just before midnight. He lied to us. I can't tell you how shocked I was - when Sierra was arrested. - Are you two close? I wouldn't say close, but I did a number of sessions with her. So we've heard. That's a really nice view. Thanks. So, how can I help? You can tell me why you didn't mention going to the Farrow party on Sunday night. Must have slipped my mind. It's Fashion Week. I go to a lot of parties. Hey, what are you doing? - Don't mind me. - Did you talk to Jenna at the party? - I think I did. But just to say hello. - You didn't plan on a rendezvous - later on at your place? - No. Oh, really? Then whose are these? Christian Louboutin pink satin pumps, - on loan from Teddy Farrow. - I don't know who those belong to. - What is this award, Mr. Monroe? - It's the Hilo. "For excellence in editorial photography." It looks like one of these is missing. Mr. Monroe, where is it? The cleaning woman dropped it last week. It broke. You know, it looks just like the Washington Monument. It does, doesn't it? Okay, look, Jenna was at my place on Sunday night, but she was alive when she left. - Why was she there? - She found me at Teddy's party. Said she had a change of heart. Wanted us to work together from now on as a team. And you assumed that was code for "do me." We agreed to meet back at my place. She came in, we had a drink, got comfortable on the couch. I was ready to get down to business, but she kept wanting to talk about our deal. That's what she called it. Said she wanted me to tell her exactly what she had to do to get good shots. Exactly. She was trying to get you to incriminate yourself. A master spy this girl was not. I grabbed her purse, pulled out her phone. The damn thing had an app on it that turned it into a recorder. - She taped our whole conversation. - She wanted to record him demanding sex for good shots so she could play it for Teddy Farrow. - Yeah. - She grabbed the phone back. We struggled. She picked up my award off the shelf, started waving it around and acting crazy. She smacked the Hilo into a bookshelf, the tip broke off. I tried to grab it, she cut me with the edge, so I backed off and she left. You know, that's a great story, - but I don't believe you. - Just listen to the recording - on her phone. I'm telling you the truth. Her purse was never found. So it looks like the evidence that'll clear you is lying in a landfill somewhere, along with your Hilo. Tough break. Here I thought modeling was glamorous. Not everybody in that business is predatory. It sure seems that way. Jenna's best friend was drugging her, - and her photographer killed her. - Even her clothing designer seemed more interested in his show than in her murder. But at least we got the bad guy. That's something. What? If Wyatt killed her, why didn't he do a better job of cleaning up his place? And why would he leave her body - right outside of his apartment? - Maybe he's not that bright. Or maybe he was telling the truth. Maybe he didn't do it. What's up with the stroll down memory lane? I called my agent and told him to pass on the play. I said, "Martha Rodgers does not die in the first act, - "and she never dies offstage." - Feel better? No. I feel rotten and old. I feel like I'm dying offstage. I was always the ing?nue. The lead. The star. I liked it that way. It's a powerful thing, kiddo. To be young, beautiful, talented. - No woman wants to give it up. - You are still beautiful, and you are still talented. And you didn't give up your youth. You traded it for wisdom. Wisdom. Wisdom. Give me that. Rina? Hey, are we still on for that date tonight? All right. You remember where I live? I'll see you then. - What? - Alexis told me all about it. That girl is too young for you. Or I should say, you are too old for her. It is not what you think. And unemployed divas who live in glass houses, rent-free, should not throw stones. Point taken. What's the good word? - Sunshine Electronics. - That's two words. Nope, that's where Jenna McBoyd bought her new cell phone. - What? - So, I was talking to her husband last night, and on a hunch I ask him about her cell phone. He said it wouldn't accommodate a recording app. So, I checked into her credit card receipts. She bought a new cell phone the day she died. And it had GPS in it, which she had the foresight to switch on. - You found it? - In a dumpster on West 81 st. Uniforms are bringing it in now. Stop it, Wyatt! Give me that phone! So far, it's happening just like he said it did. This is when he said she grabbed the weapon. Give that to me! You stay away from me! Be careful with that thing. Damn it! I'm bleeding, you crazy bitch. Sounds like she left the place alive. - Doesn't mean he didn't go after her. - Yeah, if he was gonna kill her, he wouldn't let her leave the apartment. Shh. It's still going. I need a cab. I've gotta get out of here. Oh, my God. Did you follow me? Wait, let go of me. Ahhh! So, what's our plan? Make him confess. I don't think he's gonna crack that easy. I mean, what if he figures out we only have a partial recording? That the memory on the phone ran out before the actual murder took place? He won't. We... We don't have any proof that he did it. I mean, what if he shuts down and doesn't talk? - He won't. - He's not a stupid man. - He might ask for a lawyer. - He won't. Look, let me handle this. You can go in if you want, but don't speak. - I just... - Don't speak. Why did you follow me? Well, it seems like I had a good reason. Okay, wait. She was recording me? You followed her to Farrow's party Sunday night, and then to Monroe's apartment. You don't understand! She just... She'd been acting so strange lately. And then Sierra tells me about this photographer. You talked with Sierra about Wyatt Monroe? She was worried about me and Jenna. That it was more than just business between them. Something was going on. Look, once this was in my head, I couldn't stop thinking about it. Yeah, I followed her to the party. They were together. When she didn't go home and she went to his place instead, I knew. - Okay, so then you waited. When she came out, her clothes were all messed up. Her lipstick was rubbed off. You called her a whore. I told her that she was my wife. My wife. And she... She just started crying. She said I didn't understand, that I was just like everybody else. Travis, I can't help you unless you tell me the truth. And then you slapped her hard enough to cut her cheek. Look, I didn't mean... Look, I just... I couldn't... I couldn't see straight. It's like I wasn't even myself anymore. I was so mad. I just... I didn't even know what I was doing. - And so you killed her. - No! No. I didn't kill her. - Teddy did. - Teddy Farrow? Oh, man, it was always Teddy. It was Teddy this, Teddy that. Just like, whispering in her ear, you know. Telling her how to walk, how to talk, who to be. Just feeding her mind with lies. I'll tell you what, if anyone did it, it was him. It was you, Travis, in the plaza, not Teddy. Standing by the fountain, thinking about all the things you'd done for her. About how you moved to this city that you hated only to be treated like this. Now, she had something in her hands, something sharp. What was it? Travis, do you really want me to turn that tape on? Do you really want to listen to what you said and what you did? She was holding this broken glass. - Told me to stay away. - And so you took it from her. - It just happened. - What happened? I... I stabbed her. I stabbed her in the back. She was... She was trying to leave me. I loved her so much. - I just... I couldn't let her leave me. - She wasn't gonna leave you, Travis. What the hell! You're recording me? Give it back, Wyatt. I didn't know what else to do! I want the job, Wyatt, but I love my husband. I can't do this to him. I won't! You're hurting me. I just wanna go home! I want to go home! Home. She was trying to go home to you. That was a risky bluff, threatening to play a recording we didn't even have. It didn't seem like a risk to me. He loved his wife very much. - He wouldn't want to relive her death. - Well, what about Sierra? What about Wyatt Monroe? They just go free? That doesn't sound like justice. Well, I spoke with Teddy Farrow this morning. Now that he understands what those two did to Jenna, he's gonna launch a very different kind of campaign. He's gonna get them blackballed in the industry. - No one will hire them again. - You mean poetic justice. Well, as a writer, I guess I can live with that. I wish I could feel that way. I wish I could feel a sense of victory. So, what would Nikki Heat do after a bad day? She'd go home, pour a stiff drink, run a hot bath, read a good book. Too bad I don't have a good book to read. I'd let you have Heat Wave, but my publisher doesn't want any copies leaking out. Why did you let that Cosmo reporter read it, then? Well, that's for publicity purposes. You know, you want the press to have a little taste of... Wait, is that why you've been so upset? - Because I let her read it before you? - I am the inspiration. I should be reading it before a reporter does. Why didn't you just say so? - Why didn't you just give it to me? - Why didn't you ask? Why didn't it occur to you? You'll have it by tomorrow. - Good. - Good. - Looking good, Detective Beckett. - How did you guys... - We're detectives. - Called your dad. Okay, okay, you guys have had your fun. I was 17 and I thought that modeling would be an easier way - to make money than waitressing. - Right. It was one summer, no big deal. And if you guys tell Castle about this, I will kill you. Good evening, my dears. Hey, there. You look in brighter spirits. - What's changed since this morning? - The play that I passed on, the producers came back with a better offer. I was just at the Dorchester signing my contracts. - So, you got the lead? - Well, no, I still play the crazy granny. - But you... You don't die. - No, still die. - More money? - Peanuts. - All right, so what's the better offer? - They have rewritten the script so that I die onstage. My death closes act one. It's better than the lead, really. - Granny's the bravura role. - In art, as in life. - I'm so proud of you. - Thank you. Thank you, my baby. - Are we expecting company? - That's Rina. - Of course. Your date. - Not my date. - Hey! - Hi! Hey. Ready for a High School Musical marathon? I'm so ready. Hey, Rina. - Hi, Mr. Castle. Come on. Oh, my gosh. That shirt is so cute on you. Color me shocked, but apparently the modeling world isn't all sexy clothes and fun parties. It occurred to me that if Jenna McBoyd had someone looking out for her a little bit, she might still be alive today. So, if Rina needs a friend, she knows she's got one. Oh, my son, the big softie. And don't worry, I know you have an image to protect. Your secret's safe with me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 