Castle: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Castle 
 s1e2 - Nanny McDead - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Castle (2009–2016): Season 1, Episode 2 - Nanny McDead - full transcript 
 Now Castle has solved the pseudo copycat-case, the mayor orders him accepted as permanent police consultant. First case, Howard Peterson and Sara Peterson's nanny Sara Manning, from Georgia, was found dead in their building's clothes dryer. Once more, Castle comes up with the non-evident questions and ideas to establish the infidelity-related motive and several suspects. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (SO WHAT PLAYING) (SINGING) I'm gonna get in trouble I wanna start a fight I wanna start a fight (DRYER BUZZING) POLICE ATTORNE Y: Mr. Castle, be advised, if you get injured following Detective Beckett to research your next novel, you cannot sue the city. If you get shot, you cannot sue the city. If you get killed... My lifeless remains cannot sue the city. Your heirs, Mr. Castle. Do I have to wait for him to sign, or can I shoot him now? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Mr. Castle, these waivers are serious business. Okay. Perhaps you'd feel more comfortable by referring the matter to your attorney? What, are you kidding? He'd never let me sign these. But, fortunately, it's his job to get me out of trouble and not to prevent me from getting into it. (CELL PHONE RINGING) Beckett. Yeah. Where? - All right, I'm on my way. - Wait. Where are you going? - I have work to do. - What? We have a case? No, I have a case. You have paperwork. (EXHALES) Ow! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - BECKETT: So? - Mrs. Rosenberg, 9-E here, comes down to put her clothes in the dryer, finds it's occupied. Comes down a half an hour later and she's had enough, decides to take matters into her own hands. Come on. You're telling me that an old lady killed someone over a busy dryer? What? No, she's just tired of waiting around. So, she opens up the dryer, to take the other person's clothes out, finds Miss Fluff-and-Fold here instead. Now if that's not a cautionary tale about poking around someone else's laundry, - I don't know what is. - Dude, there is an etiquette involved. If the clothes were dry, Mrs. Rosenberg had every right to put them in the basket. Now if you're gonna tell me she folded them, then it gets a little creepy. I'm sorry, someone starts rooting around my underwear without an invitation, I'm taking that as a serious breach of hygiene. I thought you went commando, Esposito. Well, it's a seasonal thing. All right, let's get her out of there with some dignity. We're gonna need CSU to come down here, and the bleach bottle will have to go down to the lab, and probably prints and photographs, although I don't know if it's gonna do us much good in a public area. I'm guessing she lived here. Worked. 12-F. She's the nanny. (ELEVATOR DINGS) Thought you ditched me back at the precinct, didn't you? Come on. Nanny McDead is found on spin dry. You don't think the captain's gonna let me in on that story? You're right, Castle. My bad. (CLEARING THROAT) Exactly how much longer do I have to expect you to be shadowing me on my cases like this? Hard to say. When I'm writing a new character, there's no telling when inspiration might strike. I thought I was your inspiration. Oh, you are, Detective, and in so many ways. Yeah, well, your inspiration might strike you sooner than you think. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) Nanny's name was Sara Manning. She worked for the Petersons about two years. Doorman is a huge fan of my work. Mrs. Peterson? Detective Kate Beckett, NYPD. I was wondering if I could ask you - some questions about Sara Manning. - Of course. Please come in. Thank you. Richard Castle. Just NY. Sweetie, Mommy and Daddy need to talk to some people, but we'll be right out here. We still haven't told him what happened. We just don't know how. Sara was very close with him. She just has a gift with kids, you know? She was such a lovely girl. BECKETT: I'm very sorry. The school called me at my office when Sara didn't come to pick up Justin. I tried her cell phone, but it went straight to voice mail. Then I tried here, but the machine picked up. So I hopped in a cab and went to the school. When we got home, the police were already here. When was the last time you saw Sara? My husband saw her last night when he got home. We take Justin to school every morning, so we're usually gone by the time she gets here. And what time is that? Today it would have been 11:00. Sara straightens up, does Justin's laundry and then picks him up from school about 2:00. One of us is then home for dinner. Last night it was my husband's turn. So then you were the last one to see Sara? - I guess so. - Did she mention any problems - she was having, maybe a boyfriend? - Sara's boyfriend? The doorman said the police told them that it was a break-in, - which usually means a stranger did it. - We can't be sure what happened. Well, maybe not, but statistically speaking, much greater likelihood that it was someone she knew. Oh, my God. Again, we can't be certain who was involved. - But she had a boyfriend. - Brent. But they broke up. - And when was that? - About a month ago, but Sara never said there was any trouble or anything like that. Brent, that was his name? - Yes. - Do you know his last name? - Uh, I don't think Sara ever mentioned it. - Not to me, either. Thank you both so much for your time. Of course. - Castle, let's go. - But that's it? That's it. Oh! Do you know of any way I can reach Sara's parents? Oh, God. I hadn't even thought of that. (STAMMERS) I'm sorry. We don't have their number. Yeah. They live in Atlanta. She was with them over Christmas. What about Sara's things? There's her bag and her jacket. Maybe I could take it and check her cell phone? Why couldn't we stick around? I had a lot more questions. Because I actually like to investigate things myself first. Besides, neither of them is going anywhere. Well, there's no cell phone in here. Maybe it's in the laundry room or in the dryer. Well, if it is, CSU will find it. She's still got her Georgia license. Are you really the one who has to call her parents? Easier to write about than to live through, huh, Castle? (ELEVATOR DINGS) (CHATTER ON POLICE RADIO) Three men huddled around a computer. That better not be porn, and if it is, I want in. Esposito and Ryan pulled security tape from an elevator in the rear entrance. Front door has a 24-hour doorman. This is the elevator's cam. Our victim gets on the elevator with the laundry basket. Takes it down to the basement, to put the kid's laundry into the washer. BECKETT: Mmm-hmm. Few minutes later, gets back on, goes all the way back up to the apartment. Then about 40 minutes later, rides the elevator back down to the basement again. We figured probably to take the kid's clothes out of the washer, - put them in the dryer. - Camera never picks her up again. Only other person to ride the elevator down all the way to the basement during the next hour was the old lady who found the body. Mmm-hmm. So whoever attacked her must have used the stairwell, otherwise the camera would have caught him. We got three maintenance workers on duty that day. - We'll run their names tonight. - Why only run the workers' names? Why not run all the neighbors' names? What are you basing that on? I'm basing that on, the neighbor would make a better story. (SNICKERS) No, come on. What do any of us know about our neighbors in this city? You think the guy living next door to the Son of Sam knew he was living next door to the Son of Sam? He's right. Neighbors in Berkowitz's building had no idea he was the Son of Sam killer. Thank you. What about the guy in 8-B? - Who? - 8-B. Quiet guy. You see him every day, only you never notice him. But he noticed Sara. She's young, beautiful. The kind of girl that a guy like him would never have a chance with. We all know girls like that, don't we? Well, at first it's just a game. Figure out her schedule. When does she do her laundry? When is she alone? Until it becomes something more, something that he can't control. Well, he uses the stairs, obviously, to avoid the elevator's cameras. And then he just waits, concealed in the shadows. When she comes into that laundry room, he pounces. When he looked into her vacant, lifeless eyes, he wanted to tell her, he never meant to kill her. All he ever wanted was to be noticed. That's when he felt the heat of that dryer on his skin. So he picks up her limp body in his arms and gently places it inside. He almost smiled at his good fortune when he found the quarter in his pocket, slipping it into the slot. Buying him the time to do what he does best. Disappear. Just saying, better story. Coffee? Let's see what we can find out about those neighbors. And someone better tell me who the hell lives in 8-B. (SIGHS) Let me guess. Gran cooked. - Chicken masala. - And where is Hurricane Martha? In her room, taking a dramatic pause. Leaving the mess for everyone else to clean up, as usual. I don't mind. Dinner was fun. Well, it's our room, not hers. Just remember. Even despite that hideous bedspread she bought. (CHUCKLES) If you're hungry, there are lots of leftovers. Oh, thank you. I grabbed a slice on the way home. You really are turning into a cop. Yeah? Do you think? So who got killed today? The nanny. - Do they know who did it? - Well, apparently in an actual homicide, they don't know who did it until after the guy gets caught. - How come we never had a nanny? - Well, your mother and I decided if someone was gonna screw you up, we wanted it to be me. Only you managed to turn out fine somehow anyway. Surprisingly. MARTHA: Is that the prodigal son I hear, returned from working the night shift? You catch any perps today, kiddo? - I did an N YPD Blue once, remember? - You were the crazy homeless woman. And some might say still are. I was just asking Dad how come we never had a nanny when I was little. I spared her any stories of my own personal experience. I had a real job as a working actress. You know, not everybody can sit at home in front of a laptop and claim to be employed. Really? You had a nanny? Yeah, only we didn't call them nannies then. - What were they called? - Oh, I don't know. Um, alcoholics? Raving lunatics? No, no, no, wait. Completely irresponsible middle-aged women who, instead of looking after me while you were acting, like they were supposed to, instead watched daytime television. Oh, stop your whining. You didn't turn out half bad. And don't forget, the good half are my genes. Well, that's just something we'll have to take your word for, isn't it? But I'm not asking for an apology, Mother. Actually, I got the plot of my first novel - by watching One Life to Live. - There you go. (CELL PHONE RINGING) Detective Beckett, did you miss me already? Which means I am one-quarter responsible for your success as well. Really? Do they do those at night? No, for sure. I'm just... I'm just touched that you thought of me. (CHUCKLES) Oh, ordered to call me? I see. Well, either way. I can leave right away. Okay. Gotta go. I would say don't wait up, but you'll be asleep by 11:00. 10:30. It's a school night. Are you sure she's got either one of our genes? - Well. - You will help her with the dishes? All right. Be careful, flatfoot. Here, put these on. Really? I thought cops just stood around the body eating ham sandwiches and cracking jokes. You know, hardcore gallows humor. The head trauma definitely contributed to the death. The force of the blows resulted in significant cerebral hemorrhaging. Mr. Castle, nice to see you again. I wish I could say the same, but my glasses are all scratchy. How often do they let you replace these? Not everybody has your budget, Castle. So what killed her? I'd say she was struck in the head with the bleach bottle, then fell forward, hit her temple on the edge of the table. That caused temporal bleeding. Without medical attention, she didn't stand a chance. But what I thought you might find really interesting is the fact that she had sex within the hours before her death. - Sex? - I'll explain how that works later. Might have even been within a few minutes of the murder. The heat from the dryer makes it hard to pinpoint. - So you're saying she was raped? - Hard to determine. There were no vaginal lacerations or presence of any semen. So what's the evidence of sex? Traces of spermicide. The guy wore a condom. Boy, it really has been a long time for you, hasn't it? I mean, it could have been a rape, but my best guess is... She knew the guy. Without evidence of trauma, I'm not ready to buy our attacker is a sexual predator, especially with him using a condom. Could be he's trying to hide DNA. Dude, someone smart enough to hide DNA would have been smart enough not to have sex in the laundry room. No, you're missing the point. The laundry room afforded opportunity. It wasn't an accident she was killed there. Esposito, where are we on her cell phone? I pulled her records, had her service provider ping it. Triangulation puts it at or near the building. Yeah, well, maybe he took it so she couldn't call for help, then dumped it somewhere close by. What about her ex-boyfriend? We have the first name, Brent. But if we had her cell phone, he might be in the address book. - What about these calls? - What calls? Last two months, there's dozens of incoming calls - from the same number. - Right. We're still running that down, but the number's a prepay. Besides, those calls stopped coming a couple weeks before she was killed. Yeah, but the outgoing calls to that number stop even before that. Whoever it was, she didn't want to talk to them. She was letting it go to voice mail. MONTGOMERY: Find this kid, Brent, bring him in for questioning. You're here by invitation only. Got it? - Got it. - Good. - Brent Johnson? - Yeah. I'm Detective Kate Beckett. This is Mr. Castle. - I suppose you know why you're here. - The cops that picked me up at my job said you had some questions about what happened to Sara. I understand that the two of you were dating? Yeah, till about a month ago. A month ago? What happened then? - Nothing. We broke up. - Whose idea was that? - It was a mutual thing, I guess. - A mutual thing? BREN T: Hey, Sara, it's me. Look, just call me back, okay? You can't just not call me back, Sara. Don't be a bitch. Come on, Sara, I just want to talk to you. Look, I don't know why you can't just tell me who this other guy is. You know... You know what? You're just a little slut. There's plenty more of those. Yep. They make Alec Baldwin's messages - sound like rainbows and unicorns. - How did you get those? - From your service provider. - A little advice, when you buy a prepaid phone, don't use your credit card. - Makes it totally traceable. - I wasn't trying to hide anything. No? Then why did you just lie to me? 'Cause no man likes getting dumped. Am I right? Our egos can't handle it. This one time I had this ex-girlfriend cheat on me, I drank every meal for a week. I didn't even like her. If I had loved her? Wow. I don't know what I would've done. No, no. No way. It wasn't like that. Oh, no. So then how did you find out about Sara - if you two broke up a month ago? - From a friend. Chloe. Chloe Richardson. All right? We all went to college together. - Chloe's the one who got Sara her job. - And how did this friend find out? Chloe nannies for another family in the building. The two of them are pretty close. So then where were you the day that Sara got killed? I was where those other cops found me, at my job. Look, we have video cameras there and a sign-in sheet. Look, I didn't have anything to do with this. Am I under arrest or something? No. You can go. But just don't leave town until we speak again. Do you understand? Yeah. Yes, ma'am. "Don't leave town"? Don't you need probable cause for something like that? Only he doesn't know that, does he? You can lie like that? That is so cool. Castle. Doorman told Esposito that this is the playground that all the nannies from the building go to, so hopefully we find Chloe here. - That brings me back a bit. - A bit? I'm thinking it's a little more than that, Castle. I'm not talking about when I was a kid. I'm talking about when I used to take my daughter to the park. You used to take your daughter to the park? (SCOFFS) Spring, summer, fall. We were here every day. Alexis' mom was doing community theater. She was on the road a lot, so I had custody. What? Nothing. I just never figured you for Mr. Mom. Some of the best days of my life. - It's actually kind of nice. - Yeah, tell me about it. Do you know how many lonely single mothers there are on a Manhattan playground? And there I was between marriages. Exactly how many times have you been married, Castle? - Twice. - That's it? - Isn't that enough? How about you? - Me? No, never been. - Really? - Yeah. You'd be good at it. You're both controlling and disapproving. You should really try it. I'm not an "if at first, you don't succeed" kind of a girl, Castle. When it comes to marriage, I'm more of a "one and done" type. Hmm. - Any serious candidates? - Becca, don't wander away. Becca! The doorman said she'd have a red vest on. That might be our girl. - Go, go, go! - BECKETT: Chloe? I'm Detective Beckett. I was wondering if I could ask you some questions about Sara Manning. Um, right now? Yeah, it won't take long. Yeah. Maggie? Can you watch Becca for a sec? BECKETT: Sara's boyfriend told us that you helped her get her job. - Oh, you talked to Brent? - BECKETT: Mmm-hmm. (STAMMERING) Yeah, when we got out of school, Sara couldn't find work. She was temping all over town. I nanny for a family in the same building and heard that the Petersons were looking for someone. When was the last time you saw Sara? I know what it feels like to lose somebody, Chloe. But we need to ask you these questions. Yeah. Um... Sometimes we'd meet up before work, get a coffee on Columbus and then walk over to work together. - Did you get coffee that day? - Yeah. Did she say anything to you? Did she seem upset? - Or... - Upset? Upset about what? Brent gave us the impression that Sara was seeing someone else. You know who it was, don't you? Um... Sometimes Sara would stay late. Stay late where, at the Petersons? Yeah, we got off work around the same time, so we'd take the train home together. I live with a roommate, a couple of blocks from Sara. Only the last few months, she'd been staying late. Mr. And Mrs. Peterson kind of take turns coming home for dinner, you know? Yeah, Mrs. Peterson told us. God. I don't want to say something, and then... I mean, he's married. Wait a minute. Sara told you about him? No. No, not exactly. It's just... The nights Mrs. Peterson didn't come home for dinner, those were the only nights Sara stayed late. CASTLE: I told you we should have asked the husband more questions that day. And I told you that I like to question my most likely suspects after I know more about them. That way they're tied to more specific answers. - You suspected him, too? - The husband? Duh. You would really clean up at my poker game. Right. You, James Patterson and the rest of the Times bestseller list? No, thank you, Castle. Little too rich for my blood. We could always make it strip poker. Sorry, but I prefer mystery to horror. No, yeah, I'm in the space right now, but like I told you guys, I'm gonna need at least 20,000 square feet. I... Listen, I'm gonna give you guys a call back. I'll let you know if the client is interested, okay? Thank you. Hi. Remember us? When was the last time you saw Sara, Mr. Peterson? The night before she was killed. I told you that. Which was your night to be home for dinner, right? Right. Why are you asking? Well, Mr. Peterson... We have information that suggests that Sara Manning was having a relationship. Right. She had a boyfriend. - Someone else. - Someone else? Who? (CASTLE CLEARS THROAT) Me? You think I was having an affair with Sara? - Bingo. - That is... That's crazy. Is it? We know that she stayed late some nights. Right. She helped us make dinner. "Us"? Well, what we heard was that she helped on the nights that your wife wasn't home. - First of all, it's not what you think. - When is it ever? - And, yes, I was having an affair. - So what happened? What do you mean, what happened? I cheated. I strayed. - Whatever you want to call it. - I mean in the laundry room. - What? - You just said that you... Yes, I was having an affair, but it wasn't with Sara, for God sakes. It was with another woman in my office. Look, every night that I was supposed to be home having dinner, I wasn't. You can check the landlines from the apartment. I called to make sure that Sara was okay every night. You can check cell phone records, right? Don't leave town. ESPOSITO: Hey, what happened with the husband? Oh, he was cheating, just not with our victim. Here, I need you to run it down. This is her name. I'm telling you, true commitment's a thing of the past. I mean, name one happily married couple. - DeGeneres and De Rossi. - Oh, I think he got you there, bro. What is this, The View? Where are we on the boyfriend? His story checks out, video and a sign-in sheet. Great. So now all we have is a cheating husband with a possible alibi and no cell phone to run the perp's fingerprints. I got something better. Please tell me it's that the mayor wants him out of here. You ever notice how she gets a little grumpy when she doesn't have a suspect? RYAN: We got one now. Guess who wasn't where they say they were - the day Sara Manning was killed? - Who? Come on, you gotta guess. Ryan. Ryan. I'm not guessing. - You're a killjoy, you know that? - Exactly what I've been telling her. No way. Pretty good, huh? Told you, you should've guessed. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) You weren't at the office the day Sara Manning was killed, were you? You lied to me, Mrs. Peterson. Detective Ryan checked with your son's school. The day they called about Sara not showing up, your assistant said that you were unreachable. What are you talking about? I'm talking about Sara Manning, Mrs. Peterson. We're talking about why you lied about where you were the day she was killed. And we know you weren't in your office. It would have been easy to sneak into the building. Doorman could have been outside hailing a cab, taking a delivery. My husband is having an affair. Did you know that? Actually, we did. (SCOFFS) All these months, I had no idea. - But then you found out. - Yeah, Sara told me a few weeks ago. Sara told you about the affair? Yes, and she'd been an absolute wreck about keeping it from me. Yeah, I bet she was. Did you know he was paying her extra? - No, he didn't mention that. - Imagine putting Sara - in the middle of something like that. - Something like what? Well, using Sara to cover for himself. - I mean, it's disgusting. - I don't understand, Mrs. Peterson. If you had nothing to do with Sara's death, then why would you lie? Because my cheating husband has no idea I'm about to serve him with divorce papers. I lied because I was at my lawyer's that afternoon. Howard's not the only one who can keep a secret. (MARTHA SINGING) Hello there! What are you up to? - Nothing. - Oh. You're not webcamming again, I hope. I burned a DVD from security cameras that the police are looking at. And I've never webcammed. That's your story, and you're sticking to it, huh? The police just let you burn a DVD? You do realize you're gonna have to stop stealing evidence, right? I thought the whole purpose of following this detective around - was to help you to write. - It's called research, Mother. Ah. Well, you'd better hope this last Derrick Storm book sells, lover boy, because research don't pay the bills. - Is that the nanny? - Mmm-hmm. (EXCLAIMS) What married woman in her right mind invites a girl that pretty into her own home? - Hey. - Hey. - What are you guys watching? - I'm watching. She's butting in. The police can't find the nanny's cell phone. They were hoping to lift some fingerprints from it. I just thought I could see if she had it with her when - she went down to the laundry room. - And? It's in her hand the first time she brings the clothes down to the wash, but then she doesn't have it - when she goes down to use the dryer. - So, she probably left it upstairs in the apartment where she worked. They say they can't find it. Wait a sec. What? There's a five second time difference. A five second time difference in what? She rides the elevator twice to the basement. The first time to put the clothes in the washer, the second time to put them in the dryer. Only the second time, the trip takes her five seconds longer. Why would it take her longer to travel the same distance? It wouldn't. I'm not quite sure where you're going with this, Castle. Up. All right, 32 seconds. It takes 32 seconds to get from the basement to the 12th floor. Great. I'll alert the media. Only the second time, it took her 37 seconds. Why would it take her five extra seconds? Because the second time, she wasn't coming from the 12th floor. She was coming from the... (ELEVATOR DINGS) 15th floor? This doesn't make any sense. The Petersons live on 12. Yeah, but I bet the guy who wears that condom lives on 15. By the way, that whole elevator thing? I just did that 'cause you smell nice. Castle, you can't just knock on people's doors. - Why not? - MAN: Who is it? Because you're gonna freak them out. Police! - You're the police? - Uh, she is. - I'm sorry. Do you live here alone? - Yeah. Why you wanna know? Uh, don't worry about it. You're not young enough. - Young enough for what? - To have sex. Uh, what kind of cops did you say you were? He's not a cop. I'm a cop. And you're looking for someone to have sex with? Castle, look. So sorry to bother you. Seventy-seven ain't beyond the realm of possibility, you know? Pardon me, is this little girl Becca? I'm sorry. I'm not sure I'm following. Prior to her murder, we believe that Sara Manning was coming from this floor. Well, I don't know anything about that. I was at work. - Maybe she came up to see Chloe? - Chloe Richardson? She and Sara were friends, and our kids get together sometimes for play dates. Hey, babe. What's going on? I thought you were going out. - It's the police. - Police? They think Chloe's friend Sara might've been up here the day she was killed. Wait, you were home that day, right? - Um, what day was that? - Tuesday. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I was here. So did you see Sara? - I don't think so. No. - You don't think so? No. Mind if I use your bathroom? People never think about that. When do cops use the bathroom? (LAUGHING) - It's right there. - Thank you. BECKETT: So... Tuesday. IAN: Oh, yeah, yeah. Let me think a minute. Um... So you're saying that you can't say one way or the other? IAN: After Chloe got here to take care of Becca, I went inside to take a nap. I work most nights. (WHISPERING) Condoms. And what is it that you do, Mr. Harris? Oh, I'm a musician. Condoms in the bathroom. So, anyway, it's possible that Sara was up here. I just... I couldn't really say for sure. You know, maybe you should talk to Chloe about this. - I already have. - And what did she tell you? She said that she saw Sara earlier in the day, but she didn't say anything about Sara being in your apartment. What else would she be doing up here? (SO WHAT PLAYING ON CELL PHONE) What is that? That sounds like somebody's cell phone. Lan, who the hell's phone is this? BECKETT: Why was her phone in your bedroom? Maybe she dropped it. I don't know. You told me you went into the bedroom to take a nap. How could she go into the room, drop the phone, and you not see her? She's right. It doesn't make sense when you think about it. We're running a test on the condoms we found in your medicine cabinet. (LAUGHS) Now there's something you never wanna hear. If the spermicide's a match, you're facing a murder charge. - Well, I didn't kill Sara. - But you were sleeping with her. (IAN SIGHS) Look, we had sex, okay? But when Sara left my place, she was fine. You followed her down to the basement, didn't you? You followed her in the basement, and then you killed her. - No! I wouldn't hurt Sara. - You wouldn't hurt her? You're a married man sleeping with her in your own bed. What time did she leave your apartment? - A little before 1:00. - How can you be sure? Because Chloe gets back from the park with Becca every day around 1:00 to give her her lunch. And Sara left maybe ten minutes before Chloe got back. Look, you ask Chloe, she will tell you I was there. There's no way that I could've killed Sara. Detective Beckett? Frank Garrison. I've been retained to represent Mr. Harris, and I'm directing him not to answer any more of your questions. Your client can answer my questions here or he can answer them in front of a grand jury. If you've got enough to charge him, do it. Otherwise, he's coming with me. Let's go, Mr. Harris. Guess it's a lot tougher when they actually know the rules, huh? Thank you. Lab says condoms are a match. - So we can prove they had sex? - Look, if Chloe got home at 1:00, then there's no way he had time to get down to the basement, - kill Sara and make it back upstairs. - Maybe we ought to pick Chloe up, - see if she backs his story. - We don't have to. Why not? Because the elevator cam had a time stamp. Our suspect says that Sara left his apartment about 12:45, and the camera in the elevator puts her on it headed towards the basement at 12:48. We think she was murdered maybe ten minutes later. - So what are we looking for? - The nanny who worked for the guy. We're just trying to check out his story. He claims she got home at 1:00, and that he never left the apartment again. There she is. 12:54. Okay, that's six minutes after Sara Manning got on the elevator. Well, I guess Harris was telling the truth. - BECKETT: Wait. - What? - Wait, where's the kid? - Where's what kid? Becca. The little girl that Chloe takes care of. Maybe she left the kid in the playground with one of the other nannies. Harris said that she came back with his daughter - at the same time every day. - What difference does it make? The difference is that there are no coincidences, not when murder's involved. Chloe would've known Sara's schedule, and Chloe would've known that Sara was in the basement at that time. Pick her up. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) - Can I help you? - Does Chloe Richardson live here? - Yes, but she's not here right now. - Where did she go? - Into the city. - Do you mind if I take a look around? No. But I'm telling you, she's not here. She left about an hour ago. CASTLE: Detective. That's the family that Chloe works for. Not exactly the whole family. CASTLE: She cut the mom out of the picture. - Where in the city did Chloe go? - To their apartment. She said that they needed her to babysit tonight. She must've found out that I took Harris in for questioning. If she talked to his wife, she'd know he'd been released. And we both know what she does to people she doesn't like. BECKETT: She's going after Ian Harris. We better find her before she finds him. (POLICE SIREN BLARING) No answer in the apartment when the doorman called upstairs. But he's sure Chloe's there. He says Ian Harris is up there, too. Came home about an hour ago. Which means Chloe would've been there waiting for him. All right, we don't have time to wait for emergency services. - We're gonna have to go in on our own. - Whoa. What about him? - He stays here. - No! Come on! Come on! I already signed my life away. What more do you want? Okay, Castle, but it's accompany and observe, not participate and annoy. Got it? Participate and annoy is a lot more fun, but all right. And stay behind us in the hallway, and don't move unless I tell you. Hope to die. You know what I mean. It's... Open door. I got a victim down, guys. Stack them up. - Police! New York City Police! - DIANA: We're here! We're here! - Mrs. Harris? - In here! I locked us in the bathroom. - Room all clear! - Check him! BECKETT: Mrs. Harris, are you okay? Is your daughter with you? DIANA: Yes. Yes, we're okay. RYAN: He's still alive. BECKETT: Mrs. Harris, is Chloe there? No, no, it's just me and Becca. Apartment's all clear. Chloe's not here. You can come out now, Mrs. Harris. - Where's Chloe, Mrs. Harris? - I don't know. She must've used her key. I was just giving Becca a bath. I didn't even know she was here. (BUZZING) - That's the doorman from downstairs. - Answer it. Hello. Thank you. I'll tell her. Doorman says a tenant called. There's a girl in the laundry room, and she's got a knife. - ESPOSITO: Where's the girl? - She's inside, just sitting there. Esposito, get these people out of here. Let's go. Everybody up the stairs. Come on, let's go. - So what's the plan? - To get everyone out of this alive. Good plan. You don't go in. Do you understand? - Yes. - Okay. Chloe? Chloe, it's Detective Beckett. Do you remember me? Please just go away. I'm sorry, Chloe, but I can't do that. Look, Chloe, you're hurt. Why don't you put the knife away, and let me help you? Why don't you just shoot me? Hey, look at me. Look. No one's gonna shoot anyone. Okay? Unless it's you, if you take another step inside, Castle. He was sleeping with Sara. I know. Only the whole time, he was sleeping with me. And he was telling me that he loved me, that he was gonna leave his wife for me. Guys can be like that sometimes, Chloe. They can lie, and I know when you find out how much it could break your heart. I'm pregnant. Well, that's even more reason for us to get you some help. Right? Look, I... I just wanted to talk to her. That's all. I just wanted to tell her that Ian and I were in love. I know what happened to Sara was an accident, Chloe. I know that. I left Becca in the park, and I went up to the apartment just to see if it was true, 'cause... I'd seen the way he was looking at her. As soon as I saw Ian's bed, I knew. He went to take a shower, so I came down here, just to talk to Sara. I know you didn't mean to kill her, Chloe. Sara was my friend, you know? But she just... She didn't... She didn't get it. She didn't get how we felt about each other. So when she turned around, I just grabbed the bleach, and I hit her with it. And she fell. And I was so scared. I didn't... I didn't know what to do, so I... I put her in the dryer. I was so angry. You know, just so mad. Chloe, put the knife down, okay? Let me help you. Just put the knife down. Come on. God, I'm so stupid. BECKETT: It's okay. So, looks like I managed to make it through the case without getting injured, shot or killed. Yeah, well, maybe tomorrow. (CHUCKLES) By the way, I really liked that whole sisterhood thing you ran back there. I wasn't running anything, Castle. What that guy did had consequences, only he'll get to just walk away. Well, not scot-free. I mean, I sense a pretty big divorce settlement in his future. Whatever it is, it won't be enough. So, did you guys get him? On their way up the river as we speak. Cool. Was it who you thought? Actually, it wasn't. Wow. It must've been a pretty good story to surprise you. Mmm-hmm. You know, you better be careful or you'll turn into one of your readers. Okay, you just ruined it. (CHUCKLES) You know, it's okay to be surprised sometimes. That's the fun. You surprise me, all the time. (CHUCKLES) I'll see you in the morning, Dad. Good night, pumpkin. - Dad? - Mmm-hmm. Thanks for being my nanny. (COME ON IN PLAYING) No sweat, kiddo. (SINGING) I can see it in your eyes They're speaking to me Rest your head right here To feel free Come on in The door is always open For you My friend I'll always be here So come on in 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 