Big Day: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Big Day 
 s1e5 - Stolen Vows - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Big Day (2006–2007): Season 1, Episode 5 - Stolen Vows - full transcript 
 Danny and Alice have the perfect place selected for a romantic honeymoon but the island is suddenly off limits due to political turmoil. In frantic mode Danny begs Skobo for help in finding somewhere just as good. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A hearty mavsa to you all! Wait! Wait, wait, wait, wait! My... My contact lenses. - I drank your contacts? - I am legally blind without my glasses! Um, at... on the actual event, you'll just wanna slow it down a little bit. Hi, Mom. So glad that you could be here eight hours before the wedding so that we could have the whole afternoon to spend together. What's so funny? My God! What? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is hilarious! What is it? - Your vows. - What! Becca, give me those! No one's supposed to see that! "My real birthday is the day we met because my first breath was you." What? That's good. Good? It's fantastic. You used the word "magical" like, 14 times. I mean, are they really that bad? I don't want Danny to be disappointed. I'm sure his vows will be just as dippy as yours. God, I hope so. Skobo, I'm in trouble. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I got it. Cold feet. We head for Atlantic City. I'm driving. No, that's not it. The honeymoon is all messed up. Man, I... I booked it on this incredible island. How was I to know that the staggering gap between rich and poor, which the hotel assured me would be hidden behind an attractive palm grove, would lead to a military coup? That doesn't seem like your fault. It's not! Except that I've known for a week that the rebel army is using our hotel as headquarters, and I haven't told Alice. All right! Atlantic city, baby! I'm driving. I was just hoping the whole thing would blow over, or the UN would send in peacekeeping forces. But China's vote in the security council, it totally screwed me. Damn you, China! I'm just gonna have to tell Alice the truth. Tru... Truth? Hey, man! That's weak. Dan, if you were working with me at the commodities floor, you would get eaten, okay? Men in dark suits and power ties, they would smell that little sweetness in you, and they would eat you alive! And while they were licking up your blood, they would still get a good price on pork bellies. Come on! Baby! No. This is what we're gonna do. No. No, that's okay. Skobo is going to get you your honeymoon back, okay? And when Skobo refers to himself in the third person, he means business. You've still got that horrible picture up. All those hours sitting for that artist, and you didn't think to run a comb through your hair? Becca's gonna set fire to something. You can see it in her eyes. Who are you calling? My assistant. Abby, how is your uncle's funeral? Did you get the flowers I sent? Well, did you send them? Look, I need to roll calls, okay? First, get me Lawrence. And can you pull yourself together, please? I play golf with this guy. Mother, here's something you'll like. I thought it would be fun to put out photos from all the family weddings over the years. Here's you and Daddy and Steve's parents, and, well, me and Steve. Great. Remind everyone how ridiculous you looked in that hat. I liked that hat. At least, it took everyone's mind off that absurd chicken vindaloo you served. The truck with the ice sculpture broke down. Don't panic. An associate is bringing it in a support vehicle. Francis, it's here. Have Carl bring it in. And bring me a fudgy pop. Lorna, have you ever had to deal with someone who never listens and always criticizes you? But I never sent that letter. My mother is driving me crazy. I hear you. My mother can be so demanding. "Wash the dishes, Lorna. Go to the post office, Lorna. Put on my leg, Lorna." Put on your own leg, Mommy! Well, at least, when you walk out of the room, she can't follow you. When she gets a bee in her bonnet, she can hop pretty fast. So then babysitting my mother for a few hours shouldn't be a big deal to you. Mother? Lorna here thinks that tomatoes are a vegetable. But I, I thought I was going to... What in the Sam Hill? Your daughter is a very lovely woman. Great! She sticks me with a lesbian. You better not try to get me drunk and kiss me. Hey, Mom. Darling, would it kill you to run a comb through that hair? - Hey. - Hey. Remember how we decided not to show each other our vows before the wedding? Do you think we should still do that? Actually, I've been thinking, and the vows are really important. I mean, they're what we're gonna remember for the rest of our lives. Not what we do for the next eight days, seven nights. Right. Right. Okay. Steve, my mother is driving me... My God! Steve! He's in our bed. - Who? - Practically naked. The Garf. I'm so sorry. My dad was tired, so I told him he could take a nap in the spare room. He's not good with directions, or boundaries, - or pants. I'll get him. - No. I'll get him, sport. Me and the Garf are gonna have a friendly little talk. Garf? Garf? Garf? Wake up! Steve! My God! You beautiful, beautiful man, you're alive! Do you think... maybe you could... I just dreamt you died today. Danny! You don't understand! I have precognitive dreams. They always come true. I can't hear you until you put some pants on. It's just, the dream was so vivid. And now... It's like I'm looking at a ghost. Steve. I'm so glad I got to know you while you were still alive. Danny! Here it is. Danny writes everything important in here. You know, no. I can't do this. I can't look at his vows. - You do it. - Cool. That way, if you start laughing, I'll know his suck, and I have nothing to worry about. Are they bad? I'm just looking at his drawings of his dream camp. "Camp Awesome"? Yes, Camp Awesome. I mean, I like the monorail, but... I don't know if the loop-the-loop waterslide is physically possible. Look, you can get your picture taken with The A-Team. And then I went to DJ school, but I choked on the final. And then I went to school to become a dental hygienist, only to find out that I have a fear of that little thing in the back of your throat. And just when I thought I was gonna have to get back on the clinical drug testing circuit, I realized wedding planners don't need any qualifications. Don't take this the wrong way, dear, but you're a drip. I'm gonna talk to Jane. Um, um... But, um... Jane asked not to be disturbed. So, wait, wait, wait! Um, I have a story. I don't want... About a, a lamp! A lamp, yes. Um, this lamp. This lamp has got... It's a magic lamp! Shoot! Are you really magic? Make this a good wedding. How you feeling? Alive, thanks for asking. I know that as a man of logic and reason, you're skeptical of my premonitions. But you have to admit that the world is full of weird and wonderful things that science cannot explain. Like rainbows. They're light refracted by water vapor. Really? You know, I'm, actually in the middle of an article here... Denial, that's totally natural, but considering how pressed you are for time, I would move on to anger. - I'm there. - Good. Good. Sweet mother of God! You okay? I think so. I think so. Skobo, what do you got? I have a honeymoon that's going to blow your mind! Southeast Asian resort, all-inclusive, private cabanas on the beach daily massage, erotic group adventures? Skobo... This is a sex tour. Yes, it is, but I would like you to think of it more as a bed-and-breakfast. You don't have to mingle, and I'm pretty sure Alice stays for free. "Nightly drinks in the swap hut." Skobo! I'm not taking a sex tour on my honeymoon! Dan-o, isn't every honeymoon a sex tour? Garf... Not that I'm taking your dream seriously, but, um... You know, I'm... I'm just curious... How'd you see it happening? Was it a falling ladder, or... No, I only wish it was that quick. No. Let me just reassure you, you have nothing to worry about. So you're saying that, that I'm not going to die? No. You're gonna die. It's your fate. There's just nothing you can do about it. The fact that it's going to be slow and messy, that... that's our problem to deal with after you're gone. What am I doing? This is... so absurd. You know what? I am just gonna go and enjoy the rest of my daughter's wedding day. You are one brave man, Steve Hopkins. You're going to hug me again, aren't you? I'm thinking about it. "If life were a game of Jeopardy and the answer is 'my soul mate, ' "the question would be, 'Who is Alice?'" That is horrible. My vows are much better. - Aren't they? - Your handwriting's better. Let me see those. What? God! Don't tell me he ran out of game shows. He made a pros and cons list about marrying me. You seriously don't like Ren & Stimpy? "Doesn't have a good head for a ponytail." After I put up with two years of that stupid soul patch! I don't think this is healthy, Alice. Keep going. "She's ugly when she sleeps." That means he thinks that I'm ugly one-third of our lives. Is there anything in there about crying over stupid things? Yes! You are headed for disaster with this wedding. - What is it now, Mother? - I'm sorry. She got away from me. That second leg made her faster than I'm used to. These garish flower arrangements, a ridiculous color palette. It's like your wedding all over again. Do you ever wonder why I am the way I am? Not anymore. Just once, it would be nice to hear, "Great job, Jane," or... I don't know, "Give me a hug." But I know that's never gonna happen. Lorna, I want you to put my mother to sleep. My God! You want me to kill your mother? What? No, I want you to put her to sleep. I need my mother to take a nap until the wedding. Okay. Thank God. I don't think I could've done it. But so many ideas came to me. All right, I am going to leave the room now. And after I've gone, I want you to open my jewelry box. Now, inside, you will find a bottle of pills. I'm on three now. So one should knock her out. You were right. Peanut butter does taste better off the spoon. So... Danny, is there something you wanna tell me? 'Cause apparently, you've been keeping some things pretty bottled up. My God, you know? How could you be so hurtful? I mean, why didn't you just tell me? I'm so sorry about our honeymoon. I know everyone's blaming the rebels, but I think the real problem started when the Dutch pulled out a hundred years ago. You lost our honeymoon? Wait, what are you talking about? I was talking about your marriage pros and cons list. You read my list? Why didn't you tell me something was wrong with our honeymoon? I've had a lot on my mind. What? Like Camp Awesome? Those are my private papers! So I'm a snoop. You could just add it to the list of things you hate about me. And I am not ugly when I sleep! All right, you know, just so you know, campers at Camp Awesome will no longer be sailing on Lake Alice! God! - Jane? - Yes? If you're not too busy, go make sweet love to your husband. Excuse me? You'll regret it if you don't. Make love to him as if it were for the last time. Be passionate. Be adventurous. Give in to your animal instincts. No, no, no, no! Maybe that's how it happens. Before you do anything, I need to think about you and Steve having sex some more. So, Danny, just a question. Um, at Camp Awesome, to travel down the root beer river, do I need to be in an ice cream float? That's great. So Alice showed you my personal stuff, too? And she's the one who's mad at me. - And you don't get that? - No. That's 'cause chicks are crazy, okay? They're not logical like you and me. She knows she's being ridiculous and unfair, but she can't see that anymore 'cause all she's reacting to is you don't think she's pretty. When she's sleeping. And plus, like, nine times out of ten, I fall asleep - before she does anyway. - Blah, blah, blah, blah. Alice doesn't hear all that, okay? All she hears is, "Danny hates me." And on her wedding day, no less. I mean, come on, dude. I'm no chick, but even I get that. Hi, Janie-bird. Mother. You look tired. Why don't you take a nap? Did I ever tell you about the time I took you to your first ballet? No, but I'm sure I did something wrong. I bought you this pretty party dress, and I did your hair in ringlets. You looked like a little princess. Yeah, I remember that dress. And afterwards, we went backstage to meet George Balanchine. I met George Balanchine? No, no, stay with me, stay with me. Mom? Mom? Please, don't... don't go to sleep. I wanna hear this story. You did a little dance for him. And you know what he said to you? - No. - He said... "You're beautiful and talented." And I said, "Well, of course, she is." Mom. You felt that way about me? I probably don't tell you this often enough, Jane, but you're the... But what? What, Mom? - What? - You've always been... I-I-I've always been what? Your favorite? Your pride and joy? The most important person in the world? Just... just nod. I'm sorry. I never wanted you to see that list, which may have been why it was in my notebook in my bag. Well, I think it's horrible you even had a list. Alice. I've never doubted that I wanted to marry you. Skobo told me for every big decision to make a list of pros and cons. And if it makes you feel better, I did the same thing when I bought my car. It doesn't. But according to you, I'm overly sensitive. I see. So... You're focusing on the one page of cons when there were nine pages of pros. Guess I was hung up on the cons. I have a good sense of humor. I stick my tongue out when I write? I crinkle my nose when I laugh, and you can trust me. That one's under review. I make you a better person. And I hum when I brush my teeth. Danny, these are beautiful. I mean, why didn't you put these in your vows instead of that stupid game show stuff? Well, I'm sorry my vows weren't as "magical" as yours. You read my vows? Becca showed 'em to me. She's the one you shouldn't trust. Knock, knock. I didn't want to disturb you enjoying your last day in peace, but since you're not gonna make it to the cutting tonight, I thought maybe you would like a chance of tasting your daughter's wedding cake. Garf, I'm fine. But let me ask you... How often have you been wrong? I'd eat the cake. Well, maybe one bite. This... this is good. No! I will kill whoever ate this cake! No, it's not how it happens. Lorna! Steve, I was wrong. - It's not you. - What? But Betty is in the family, so I'm putting this in the "win" column. Congratulations! You are not gonna die. Not today, anyway. After all you've put me through? You know what I wanna do? I wanna give you a hug, Garf. It is contagious, isn't it? Feel the love, Steve. - Yeah, really feeling the love. - Yeah, got the love, Steve. Danny! Good news. The honeymoon is back on track. Abby's uncle has this great vacation home. You're gonna love it. As soon as Forensics takes down the police tape, and they clear out all the cats, it's all yours. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 