Lie to Me: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lie to Me 
 s1e5 - Unchained - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lie to Me (2009–2011): Season 1, Episode 5 - Unchained - full transcript 
 The gang tackles 2 cases -- the suspicious death of a firefighter and the parole of a former gang leader. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ##[Rap, Indistinct] [Man On Police Radio] Uh, Transport, what's your status? You really wanna help the governor pardon a murderer? The guy killed a cop. He started the most vicious Latino gang in D.C. Manny Trillo is the original gangster. He's responsible for half the crack trade in D.C. Guys like that don't change. Well, not generally, no. Which is why this case is so interesting. You have a visitor. Lieutenant Governor Goldin. I hear he's bringing friends. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [Man Speaking Spanish] You gonna kiss the governor's ass again, or what? Huh? Pucker up, ese. [Voices Overlapping] Dr. Lightman. I'm Lieutenant Governor Goldin. Mr. Trillo's on his way. The governor really wants to make him the poster boy for early release? Manny Trillo was up for a Nobel Prize for the anti gang work he's done in here. We believe he can do even more on the outside. Well, one in every 100 Americans is in prison. I can't understand why the governor wants him for a poster boy, right? Of course, before we issue any pardon, the governor wants to make sure... Mr. Trillo is truly rehabilitated. [Shouting, Indistinct] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That's why you're here. - I think you should get him out of there. - Excuse me? Get him out of there right now. [Yelling, Shouting] [Whistle Blowing] [Alarm Blaring] Get down to the ground! Get down to the ground right now! Stay down! [Man] #Dream, send me a sign # # Turn back the clock # # Give me some time # #I need to break out # #Make a new name # #Let's open our eyes # # To the brand-new day ## [Radio Chatter] [Gillian] You know, I treated a few firefighters in grad school. It's amazing what these guys have to deal with. You got a bit of a fireman thing, huh? - I'm just saying these guys are heroes. - Uh-huh. Is it the helmets? I mean, even I like the helmets. Dr. Foster. I'm Mike Adams with the National Fire Safety Board. - Hi. - Hi. - Is that for the firefighter who was killed last week? - Yep. Eric Mitchell. Had less than a year on the job. His grandfather served for 30 years on the 23rd Engine Company. He stops by almost every day. Mr. Mitchell. These are the people from that firm I was telling you about. Well, I'm glad someone is trying to find out what really happened to my boy. I'm sorry about your grandson. This just couldn't have been an accident. We're gonna do everything we can to figure out what happened, Mr. Mitchell. So that's what it takes to get the feds involved... a grieving relative. We investigate anytime a fire fighter's killed on the job. The building fire was a bad one. Two-alarm blaze. Eric Mitchell and his company went in, did a preliminary sweep. - Now, Eric came out with a kid. - [Child Crying] - [Crying Continues] - Then he headed back in. The company got separated. They didn't find Eric's body until they'd put out the fire. So the fire didn't kill him? The coroner couldn't find a cause of death. Eric's burns had no inflamed edges. He was dead before the fire even got to him. It's unusual, and it raises the possibility... that another firefighter killed him and left him there to burn. I hired you because if someone is lying... - about what happened in that fire, I need to know. - That won't be easy. A firehouse is a behavioral in-group. They become more cohesive in the face of adversity. - Is that so? - [Mike] Chief Morrow, Lieutenant Clayton. You know, that shrink mumbojumbo won't get you far with our boys. That's why I won't be interviewing the men. - Dr. Lightman will be conducting the interviews? - [Eli] No, no. We'll get the most deception leakage from these firemen... if they're interviewed by someone that they respect. So we won't be asking the questions. You will. - Name? - David Caddick. - And how long have you been a firefighter? - Eight years. Anything notable? Well, Caddick's okay. But Clayton is biting his lip, tugging at his ear. Showing an increase in manipulators. It's a sign of anxiety. - The lieutenant's nervous? - [Gillian] Yeah, it's normal. He's already lost one man. The last thing he wants to do is indict another. - Tell us about the fire. - Our truck, truck five, responded right away. We started searching. We followed procedure. One man on the wall. A human chain. Wall comes down. Screaming across the hall. - Suddenly, we're all in different directions. - We split up. I was low on oxygen. So I cleared a couple of rooms, and then I hit the door. And I didn't see Eric again. I got down the hall, found an exit. I didn't see Eric again. I checked the stairwell. I left the building. I didn't see Eric again. - Their stories were consistent. - They were. - Can you pull up the response latency analysis? - Response latency? That's the time between when a question is asked and the answer is given. [Clayton On Monitor] Tell us about the fire. The alarm went off at 3:00 a.m. - Tell us about the fire. - We got the call around 3:00 a.m. - Tell us about the fire. - Must've been about 3:00 in the morning. [Gillian] Response time is under a second. Now, if they were lying, they'd be longer, right? Uh, people think you take longer to respond if you're lying... but that's just if the lie is spontaneous. If a lie is prepared ahead of time, you're eager to get it over with. So which one of 'em is lying? They all are. Something happened in that fire. And from the looks of it, every one of them was involved. [Man On P.A.] Lockdown commences... [Goldin] This was the second attempt on Manny Trillo's life this month. Tensions between La Salva and Trillo's old gang have escalated. Trillo's been speaking out. A lot of guys want him dead. The only thing worse than the street violence we'll see... if Trillo is killed in prison, is the violence we see... if he takes over El Puno again. The governor believes Trillo's changed. He thinks he could do some real good on the outside. But we need to know he's telling the truth... that he is not going back to gang life. All right. More than happy to put my reputation on the line. First couple of years here, I was angry. So I took on the other prisoners. I took on the guards. I did a lot of solitary. It got so bad... I started stealing books from the prison library and carrying them around. I wouldn't have picked you for a bookworm. That much time in the hole... I read anything I could get my hands on. Gardening manuals, economic textbooks... Spanish poetry. "There is no cry of pain without, at its end, an echo of joy." Ram?n de Campoamor. I read that, and... [Inhales] I don't know. I caused so much pain. What joy could come from that? And then I'd realized, I had to be the joy. That's a charming story. [Opens Briefcase] Do you mind? I missed lunch. [Clears Throat] So you're saying that you regret what you did? All I cared about was the power, the money. [Eating Loudly] And I took a life. Just one? I ruined the lives of many young Latinos. Kids who could've had a chance. [Slurping Beverage Loudly] Do you have any... plans, you know, for after prison? I have a plan for street peace. We need a social agenda for the barrio. I've been stabbed twice in the last month. Fifteen stitches this morning. My life is in your hands. I couldn't agree more. Do you think it might be helpful to clue me in to your little experiments? No. Gang leaders like Trillo learn early that respect is key to survival. They need to respond to perceived disrespect. And it becomes what we call an emotional trigger. He needs me to believe that he's reformed. But when I talked to him with my mouth full, this is what we get. Nostrils flared, lips tightened. [Gillian] Anger. I mean, he can't control himself. Disrespect is still a trigger. - You're saying Trillo hasn't changed? - [Cal] Not necessarily. When he talks about his past, he shows us something else. And I took a life. [Gillian] Shame. He's truly ashamed for what he's done. - Yeah, but the anger trigger... - [Cal] No. That's a survival trigger. And they're really hard to turn off. Doesn't mean he hasn't changed though. You need to compare this to an emotional baseline. Old videos. Call the governor's office and see if they have anything that they can send over. Preferably before someone sticks another fork in Mr. Trillo. Yeah. No problem. - [Door Opens, Closes] - You see that? You think you made the right call putting her on this case? Who wouldn't wanna be on this case? Evolution generally takes millennia... but change in a lifetime, now... that's something to see. All the naturals that we have seen, they share two traits. They are uneducated, and... And the other trait should have nothing to do with the scientific question... - of whether a man can evolve. - Yes. But psychologically, if she has dealt with a history of violence... Hey, if she has strong feelings about Trillo, then she has to learn to put them aside. So I guess if someone's gotta teach her... how to avoid her feelings, then you're the most qualified? Anything else I can do for you? I do need some help with my, uh, my firefighters. - [No Audible Dialogue] - [Typing] Well, all three firemen showed increased manipulators. But only two of them showed microexpressions of fear. Well, take me through the one that didn't show fear. Uh, I thought we were looking for the guy most likely to tell us what happened. - We are. - Okay. Doug Donovan. No increased anxiety. No notable signs of... Stop it there. Take it back three seconds. All right, freeze it there. Cheeks raised. - Lip corners depressed. - Remorse. Maybe he knows something. Maybe the group is forcing him to lie. Well, he's the one that you want to focus on. Monkey with the interview conditions. Keep him with someone he respects. Use the chief. The more guilty he feels, the more likely he is to tell you what he knows. Training drill. 1500 Beecham Drive. - [Voices Overlapping] - Go, go, go! [Siren Wails] [Donovan] All right, probies. Stay together. Keep your eyes on the man in front of you. Hold your line... and do not lose contact with the wall. Probie, get back in the line! Wallace, take over. Probie! Probie! Probie! - [Panting] - Chief Morrow? What the... It didn't work out like this for Mitchell, did it? You saved the chief. Why didn't you save him? You're not the type of guy to leave a man behind. Hey, we know how guilty you feel. There must be a good reason you've lied. Come on. Why won't you tell us what happened? I left him. I found him in the fire. I'm supposed to pull him out. The flames had already got to him. But I'm supposed to pull him out. I'm just as guilty as those other guys. What other guys? The ones who were hazing him. According to Mr. Donovan, your men have been involved in some pretty extensive hazing. He wouldn't say who was involved... but it went beyond the silent treatment. Baking soda showers, bottle rockets in the bathroom stalls. - Did you know Eric Mitchell had a severe peanut allergy? - No, I didn't. Donovan heard that slipping Mitchell a little PB&J; was the next big gag. Well, he's junior. He wasn't one of the hazers. But that's why he didn't pull Eric's body out. He was protecting the men. He thought that they had killed Eric. Were you aware of what was going on? Hazing is as much a part of this life as alarm bells. And if one of your men goes into anaphylactic shock and dies, c'est la vie? [Clayton] You don't understand. But when you're trapped inside a burning building... you gotta know that the other guys are gonna put code before cowardice... - walk through a wall of fire and come get you. - [Morrow] He's right. I need men who are willing to risk their lives on a daily basis. And Mitchell just didn't have it in him. So you looked the other way? He needed to learn. But make no mistake about it. I demand a certain level of respect out of my men. There's a line, and they wouldn't have crossed it. Then you won't mind if we talk to the other men in the company? No. Kerry, the chief's niece, she'll help you out. I got real work to do. It's like they never left the frat house. No, it's not just frat houses. Initiation rites can be found in all major cultures. - You're defending these guys? - Hazing can serve an important psychological function. That's funny. I don't remember reading any articles in the A.P.A. journal on swirlies. Initiation for you MIT mathletes was pretty hard core, huh? You know, you make fun. But you try waking up in a shower stall... with a killer hangover and a quart of macaroni salad shoved up your... - What? - Shh. Check out her self-hushing emblem. - She knows something. - Yeah, she does. And she's hushing herself because part of her wants to tell. I knew he was hiding a badge. [Manny Continues In Spanish] Shield don't make no difference to me. Choto got what he deserved. - You making any headway with the old Trillo video? - Not really. No evidence of emotional change at all? Trillo doesn't seem all that different to me. Let's run the tape. I've been watching video surveillance from before Trillo's arrest. That's good. Natural habitat. It's the best baseline. All right. Let's drop the sound and run it side by side... with the video we shot at the penitentiary. Anger. Contempt. Contempt. Trillo's emotional palette was substantially different back then. I'm surprised you missed it. Shocking. Anger. Disgust. Oh, and that expression was practically default back then. The brow lowered, upper eyelid raised. Now, that glare is the mark of a hostile personality. How many of these did Trillo flash in the old video? I don't know. Three or four a minute? Well, he didn't show any in our interview, not until the burger incident. Seems like a pretty big change to me. - Whatever. - Oh. Now, that is the kind of emotionally detached scientific analysis we value around here. I'll be sure to pass that on to the governor. Do you have any idea how much worse the Puno-Salva war will be... if Trillo gets out and takes over? Much, much worse. And I'm sure there'd be a boom in the crack trade too. What if Trillo's just conning us? Well, emotional evidence would suggest he's not the same man. Do you know how many kids in the barrio want the kind of power Trillo had before he went away? The guy is pretty good at working the system. Sure he is. Read your Darwin. Survival of the fittest. It's not about being fit. It's about being adaptable to change. Violent people are violent. They don't change. Did you see the message from Lt. Governor Goldin's office? - Nope. - Holly Sando, the widow of the officer Trillo killed... has decided to speak to the parole board. So she's testifying against Trillo's release? No. She's speaking on his behalf. Tell Goldin we'll be there. [Sighs, Clears Throat] - [Exhales Sharply] - Rough interview? I just... You know... they're just all so tough, you know, acting like nothing's wrong. I mean, the last thing they're gonna do is talk to a woman. I'm sorry. I... - I shouldn't be telling you this. - No. It's... I understand. No, it's... it's completely inappropriate. No. [Sniffles] I know how they can be. I don't think anybody meant to hurt Eric. The hazing got pretty bad, huh? God, they... They're gonna kill me if they know that I'm talking to you right now. Someone has to. There's something you should see. [Men Laughing On Video] Oh! No, but what happens on an emergency call when you don't wear your helmet? - [Men Hooting, Yelling] - What happens on an emergency call... when you don't wear your helmet? - [Hooting, Yelling Continue] - It's milder than I thought it would be. [Eli] One of those guys killed Eric Mitchell. Okay, but this just looks like a bad joke. Whoa. Wait. Look... Look at Wallace. - Why? What? He's smiling. - Yeah, sure, he's enjoying the joke. But, uh, every time he looks directly at Mitchell... [Gillian] Intense disgust. That's more than a bad joke. When Manny Trillo killed my husband... I... I was angry. For years, I couldn't even say his name. [Exhales Sharply] Then one day, someone told me about his book. I had a morbid curiosity. So I went out and bought a copy. I read the whole thing in two days. I was shocked. How could that man have written such... I was just... Everything I had believed... It changed the way I look at things. Ms. Sando, do you believe Mr. Trillo has changed? Yes. Yes, I do. I believe he's repented. He's changed his heart. And he's changed mine. - [Exhales Sharply] - That's quite a statement. Yeah. Of course, she doesn't believe a word she just said. [Woman] Ms. Sando, do you believe Mr. Trillo has changed? Yes. - Yes, I do. - [Cal] There it is. Slightest head shake no. Now, we do this by accident when we don't mean what we say. Holly Sando did it every time she said she thought Trillo had changed. - And then there's this. - You can't let him die in this prison. There. Classic glare, which is a bit surprising from a true believer in Mr. Trillo. Why then lobby for the release of a man who killed your husband... if you don't believe he's changed? Perhaps she's trying to convince herself. Maybe she believes... he's changed intellectually, but she can't quite get there emotionally. Or maybe Trillo got one of his old buddies to threaten her. People always think that anger is the most dangerous emotion. But disgust is the language of hatred. Hitler talking about the Jews. Bin Laden talking about Americans. And you during the hazing of Eric Mitchell. What did you have against Eric Mitchell? The kid made my life hell. You've been with the department for almost a decade. How does a probie like Mitchell make your life hell? Nine years. Nine years, and I never had a problem. I mean, the occasional bad joke. Watermelon in the locker. But I kept my mouth shut. We're not black. We're not white. We're firemen. So we get hazed. Mitchell get hazed, he runs to the Vulcans... the black firefighter society. Requested a transfer. Mitchell made this racial. - So you had to choose sides. - I tried to protect him. But he was young and proud. He wouldn't learn. And the more he pushed, the worse it got. So you hopped on the fire wagon? You found out he had a peanut allergy... and you thought, "Well, that'll teach him"? Yeah. We did that months ago. The kid got hives all over, and it was funny as hell. But it didn't kill him. No. Things got much worse. My guess: someone screwed with his equipment. - Wasn't you? - I wouldn't touch another fire fighter's equipment. - Now, I may have hated the kid, but I didn't want him dead. - Someone did. Who had the racial problem with Mitchell? A lot of guys. It could've been any one of 'em. I can't believe Wallace didn't come forward earlier. Yeah, well, the black firefighter won't rat on the racists. - It is a little surprising, isn't it? - Well, not really. The firehouse is a more important association for Wallace than race. And in his mind, race wasn't an issue until Mitchell came along. - You're saying this was Eric's fault? - [Eli] No, no. This is the new face of racism. Instead of overt prejudice, you see unconscious discrimination. Nobody's joining the Klan, but a lot of people... still hire the white guy over the black guy with the same r?sum?. And when unconscious racism surfaces, it can be lethal. What starts out as reasonable hazing turns deadly. So how do we find the men responsible? We'd like to run the company through a little experiment. As I said earlier, I... I have read his books. And I've seen him interviewed. And I really believe that Manny Trillo is a...is a changed man. I asked Holly Santo to come in. She wasn't up for it. So I pulled her statement to the press after the parole hearing. I think it's... it's amazing the way he's turned himself around. She keeps flashing contempt, anger. She still hates the guy. You may be right. - Trillo may be threatening her. - [Cal] No, I told you. Everything we've seen from Trillo up till now... the old videotape, the interview... Everything suggests he's evolved. He's not the same man at all. Did any of the reporters ask her why she decided to testify for Trillo? Yeah, they did. [Man] Ms. Sando, tell me what made you come forward after all these years. I had heard that the governor was considering a pardon. And I thought, well, it... - it's time. - [Gillian] Eyebrows up, pulled together. Fear. There's your answer. Stopping by for lunch? No, just a question. Did you get someone to threaten Holly Sando? - I'm not threatening Holly Sando. - Really? Because, I mean, that would be your typical gang banger move, right? Getting in touch with your old familiars. - Send her a message. - That's not me, not anymore. You sure you haven't called any of your old friends? I don't talk to those... [Spanish] Oh, now that is not the truth. You see how you're hunched over? Well, we do that when we're lying. We try to take up as little space as possible. And you really gotta work on that anger trigger, mate. Raises the blood pressure and the heart rate. - It's not good for you. - Okay. The truth is, I'm in contact with some of them. I'm working with the gang task force on a truce between Puno and La Salva. They told me to keep it quiet. It's dangerous. But I haven't been sending anyone out after Holly Sando. I don't believe you. He hasn't changed. His truce... It's just so that the cops won't notice that he's taking over El Puno again. [Spanish] Nothing is real or a lie. It all depends on the color of the glass you're looking through. Look. There's so much good I can do if you just get me out of here. Get me out of here, and I'll prove it to you. Over the next 10 minutes, you'll be shown a series of images. Each image will be followed by a series of adjectives. If the adjective describes the image, put "yes." If not, click no. - Hey, Sylvia. - What are you guys up to? We're testing for racial bias. People with unconscious bias find it easier to associate positive adjectives... with Caucasian faces. When we shift to an African-American face, the biased firefighters... still associate the adjective with the image. - It just takes them longer. - Clock the racists. Oh, they're... they're all racists. Yeah, 80% of people who take this test are biased. We're just looking for the guy who takes the longest. Well, they're just about done. All right. Can we pull up... the average association time for each of them? It's taking David Caddick three times as long to say nice things about African-Americans. Looks like we have a winner. - I'm not a racist. - [Gillian] No. You don't think you are. But it would explain why you took such an active role in the hazing. I didn't do anything different than the other guys. You didn't mess with Eric Mitchell's equipment? - I didn't have a problem with Mitchell. - We know that you hated him. And you don't even realize how much you hated him. How much you hate all of them. I'm telling you that I didn't have any kind of a racial problem with Mitchell. But you had another problem with him. Guy couldn't keep it in his pants. This was about a girl? - You see the disgust? - Yeah. Oh, that's hate. I'm guessing it's racially motivated. Was that your problem? Was it that he was black and she was white? I didn't know Eric was dating a white girl. - Is that why this happened? - Well, we're not sure. Racial hatred is about disgust. But when we pressed Caddick about the girl... The predominant emotion was anger... which suggests that Eric may have crossed some other line. That maybe Caddick was angry because he disrespected his code. By dating a white girl? That's not part of any code that I remember. We don't think this was just any white girl. It might have been another fire fighter's girl. He knew better. He was smarter than that. Did he ever bring anyone home from the firehouse? Oh, God. She came by after Eric died. She was upset. She brought me a meal. Do you remember her name? Kerry. The chief's niece. Should I call D.C. Gang Task Force... ask if they've heard of a threat against Holly Sando? Nope. Trillo didn't show any deception leakage. Not when he denied threatening Sando... not when he was talking about the truce. He's a criminal. He's a fantastic liar. He's an appalling liar. He's atrocious. The one time he did lie, it was completely transparent. You should've seen that. So you think he's telling the truth? I don't think he's going back to the gang. Why is Holly Sando lying? If Trillo isn't threatening her, why is she lying for him? Well, I don't know. - It could be any number of reasons. - Yeah, but there aren't any! Man, you need to listen to me. You saw his anger. You know this guy is violent. You need... You need to listen to me. You need to stop making this personal. - I am not making this personal. - Yeah, you are! Your procerus doesn't move, which means you had your nose fixed, right? You don't strike me as particularly vain, so... So what is it then? [Sighs] Who was it? Was it your dad? Your dad smack you around? Mmm. I know violent people. They don't change. You said so yourself. Once people learn this kind of trigger... - [Dialing Cell Phone] - Who are you calling? I think you might be right in a way. - Put me through to Lt. Governor Goldin, please. - Goldin here. I think you should go ahead and announce Trillo's release. - Let him go. - [Goldin] I'll talk to the governor. - Yeah, just one thing though. - What's that? Have-Have the cops follow him. [Door Slams Shut] [Chattering In Spanish] What up? Homeboy. [Engine Starts] I met Eric on his first day. He was so excited. He moved here from D.C., and he didn't know anyone. So I... I offered to take him out. I was being friendly. And six months later, he asked me to marry him. - [Chuckles] - Your relationship... It was a secret? It had to be. Working in the house... it's like having a dozen overprotective brothers. And my uncle, he... - He didn't know? - He wouldn't let me date a fireman. Not... Not one in his house. That's why Eric put in for a transfer. I... I thought that if we made a clean break... We were gonna move to a little town outside of Philly. [Sobbing Softly] He wanted a family. Jack? I had no idea. [Sniffles] I had no idea that they were in a relationship. - That's true. - [Eli] Apologies. I took the liberty of taping your reaction just now. When your niece started describing her relationship... And six months later, he asked me to marry him. - Surprise. - So this has nothing to do with Mitchell's murder? It did. Eric Mitchell was killed because he stepped out of line. He slept with the chief's niece. He disrespected the code. Now, the chief sets the rules, but he doesn't enforce them. That's somebody else's job. I taped you too. [Kerry On Monitor] And six months later, he asked me to marry him. Anger and disgust. The language of hate. You? You killed him? No. I didn't. I just wanted to humiliate him. He needed to learn humility. - He was one of our men. - No, he wasn't one of my men! My men respect the code. My men don't complain when they're forced to broom the latrine. And my men know damn well not to crap where they eat! For God's sakes, Tommy, you killed a man. Arrest him. - I was just following the code. - [Handcuffs Ratcheting] [Door Opens] [Chattering In Spanish On TV] Holly Sando? Hi. How you doing? What do you got there? A.38? A.38 Special? Police said you registered that a couple of months ago. Long enough to figure out how to use it, eh? - He's right. I have been practicing. - [Man] Drop the weapon! - Drop the weapon! - Easy, now. Easy. Okay, everybody calm down. - Move out of the way! - Just give me a minute to talk to her. I just want to talk to Ms. Sando. Holly. Holly, listen to me. Can you listen to me? If you have to do this, I understand. I want you to know that I understand. I don't care if you've changed. I don't care, Manny. You're still the man who killed my husband. I know. You took him away from me. I know. You took him away. - [Manny] I know. - And you... you can change all you want. [Sobbing] You can never change that! I know. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry. [Sobbing Continues] I'm sorry. [Johnny Cash] #I have been ungrateful # #I've been unwise # #Restless # #From the cradle # #Now I realize # #It's so hard to see the rainbow # # Through glasses # #Dark as these # - #Maybe # - [Bell Ringing] #I'll be able # #From now on # # On my knees # # Oh # #I am weak # # Oh # #I know I am vain # # Take this weight from me # #Let my spirit be # - # Unchained ## - Got a minute? Trillo wanted you to have this. I'm sorry about before. Sometimes I see so much, I don't know how not to tell people. - Yeah. I get that. - You're right. Most people don't change. I have been there waiting for it... hoping for it, and then they just don't. But there are a few, I think, who can. Any other life lessons? When someone... bashes you around... who's twice your size just whenever he feels like it... you learn to read emotions pretty fast. We adapt to survive. Your abuse made you a natural. He made you what you are. [Inhales Sharply] Well, I'll be sure to thank him. [Chuckles] So what about you? Ah, I'm no natural. - I had to learn this. - Why'd you wanna learn? What? You all of a sudden... became obsessed with facial expressions? I didn't think so. So who was it... who made you who you are? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 