Lie to Me: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lie to Me 
 s1e3 - A Perfect Score - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lie to Me (2009–2011): Season 1, Episode 3 - A Perfect Score - full transcript 
 The gang again split into two teams to tackle two more cases. A very sensitive case of a murdered teenager at a prestigious school involves Cal and Torres investigating a judge appointed by the President. In the other case Dr. Foster and Loker investigate a NASA test pilot who appeared to black out and ejected seconds before he crashed his top secret SCRAM jet into the ground. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Looks like National Geographic exploded on your desk. What expression do you see? Quick, quick, quick, quick! - Disgust. - Yep. The expression looks the same on a Papua elder... or... a Hollywood starlet. Look at you in New Guinea. You reliving your dissertation glory days? - What's this? - That's a koteka. That's hand-carved. It's very rare. - What do they use it for? Soup? - Genital presentation. If the man was trying to impress a woman, he'd serve himself up on that, so to speak. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Dr. Lightman, Special Agent Dardis is here from the F.B.I. - And I have your daughter on line two. - Thanks, Heidi. - [Beeps] - Hello, love. How's it going at your mum's? Okay, I guess. You know how Mom is. She needs to know everything I'm doing every second. Bloody intrusive, isn't it? What are you doing this very second? - Dad... - What? - You still need a lift later? - Uh, no. Um, actually, I've got a big chem test on Friday. I... I'm gonna sleep over at Katie's house? - You sure about that? - Yeah. - All right. Love you. - Love you too. - [Beeps] - You heard that, right? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Word repetition and vocal pitch went up when she was talking about staying at Katie's. - I'm sure it was nothing. - What did you hear then? I heard a typical teenager in the process of forming her self-identity. That's psychobabble, that is. She was lying. Emily needs to have her own secrets. That's not the same thing as lying. Danielle Stark, 17 years old, senior at Strivers Magnet School. She went missing a week ago. Her body was found a day later dumped in Rock Creek Park. She died from a blow to the head. But you're not here because of the girl, right? No. Her mother is a federal judge on the D.C. circuit court. Judge Stark's been short-listed as a possible Supreme Court nominee. But we're treating this case just like any other. - Was there any physical evidence? - Unfortunately, it rained that night. The best we can do is determine that the blow came from the front... no defensive wounds, indicating Danielle likely knew her killer. The problem is with the mother. She says that she was alone in her chambers. And no one can verify it. So you've got a suspect, right? That's great, since you're treating this case just like any other. As you can imagine, we need to proceed carefully... before we start pointing fingers at a presidential appointee. But if she's lying, we need to know. - And if she's not? - Then we need to know who is. - Nice place. - Bit of a mausoleum. ...ask you a few questions. - Yes, that's fine. Dr. Lightman, Ria Torres, this is Danielle's mother, Judge Kathleen Stark. Agent Dardis tells me that you may be able to help catch the person who did this. Yeah. - What is that for? - We just don't wanna miss anything that could help. - Hmm. - So, what can you tell us about Danielle? Well, I've already told the F.B.I. everything. So, what more do you want to know? Um, tell us about, uh, your happiest moment together. A family trip, a birthday party, anything. [Sighs] I don't understand the purpose of this. Okay. Um... how did you feel when you found out she was dead? I, uh... I really can't talk about it. It was the worst day of my life. Do you have children, Dr. Lightman? Yeah. I have a... a daughter. She's a little younger than Danielle was. Then it shouldn't be hard for you to imagine how I felt. Was Danielle having any trouble at home? Of course not. She was everything you could hope for in a daughter. She was a straight-A student, top of her class. She was so special. Please find out who did this to her. [Ria] It's pretty strange the way she talked about her daughter. Straight-A student, top of her class. Who cares about that after they lose their child? Someone who's obsessed with image. Perfect house, perfect kid. Perfect kids don't usually get murdered by someone they know. Yeah, well, maybe Danielle wasn't so perfect. But it's not Danielle I'm concerned with. - [Beeps, Whirring] - She was always talking... about how important her friends were to her. You know, she was an only child. And, uh... I think she used them to substitute. I've listened to a lot of grieving mothers. And if she's faking it, she's one of the best I've seen. She's one of the best you've ever heard. Now, this was recorded in 1994. Day after Susan Smith's two children disappeared. [Beeps, Whirring] I love 'em. I... I... I just can't express enough. I... I have been to the Lord in prayers every day. [Cal] Sounds grief stricken, right? It just seems so unfair that somebody could take such two beautiful children. - [Clicks] - [Cal] Right. She told the police that she'd been carjacked. But later she admitted to the police... that she'd strapped her two children into their car seats... and rolled them into the lake. Now watch it with the sound off. [Typing, Beeps] Well, her face doesn't match the grief of her words. Right? There's no involvement in the forehead. Nothing around the eyes. She could be reading from a grocery list. - [No Audible Dialogue] - Now watch the judge again. [Typing, Beeps] They look exactly the same. The judge is showing nothing. No. The judge is showing everything. [Man] #Dream, send me a sign # # Turn back the clock # # Give me some time # #I need to break out # #Make a new name # #Let's open our eyes # # To the brand-new day ## Oh, hey. Judge Stark has asked for a brief mourning period. But she'll be available after tomorrow's memorial service. - Yeah. We need to be there. - We won't be able to talk to her. Well, we don't need to talk to her. We need to watch. - You going to the funeral? - I can't. I'm meeting with the deputy chief of NASA. One of their experimental jets crashed. They think the pilot's lying about what happened. Oh, well, that's not surprising since the whole space program was based on lies. Some of their top scientists were Nazis recruited after the war. They gave the world Tang. - Hey? - Dr. Lightman? It's Emily. Um, apparently they tried to bring her to your house first, but... - [Police Radio Chatter] - Hey, Dad. It wasn't even a party really. It was just a couple of friends. Cops said there were more than a hundred kids at your mum's house while she was away. So you lied to me about staying over at Katie's. - I said I was sorry. How many more times can I say it? - As many times as you want. I can't trust you to be on your own when your mum's away. So you're gonna come here every day after school until she gets back. No! What am I gonna do? You're gonna organize this room. - By myself? - Nope. - Loker's gonna babysit. - Hey, Emily. Long time no see. Hey, you look terrible, awful. Like Gene Simmons when it's really, really humid. All right. [Sighs] ##[Organ: Somber] [Speaking, Indistinct] Thank you so much. - Do you got any gum? - What? - Gum. Chewing gum. Gum. - Uh, yeah. Yeah. - Thank you. - [Ria] You get anything off her? Well, her tears are real. I still don't see any sadness on her forehead. Okay, that was disgusting. Just keep your eye on the judge. Thank you. - [Guests Gasp] - Oh, my. - That was interesting. - Okay, you wanna tell me what that was about? There was still no action in the forehead or around the eyes, even though she startled. - Okay? - She's definitely hiding something. Her age. She's using Botox. - No wonder I couldn't pick anything up. - It paralyzes the facial muscles. The tears were real, and her forehead would show sadness if it could. Yeah, but she still doesn't have an alibi for the night of the murder. Chances are any mother who killed her daughter would display shame. - Unless she was a sociopath. - If the mother's not lying, where does that leave us? Looking for someone else. F.B.I. says they think that Danielle knew her killer. So it's possible that person's here. - It's pretty risky to show up at the victim's memorial. - Well, it'd be suspicious not to. Especially if they were close. [Man] You're looking at the X-48, or what's left of it. I didn't realize NASA still did test flights. Shuttle program's coming to a close. We're looking to the next generation. This was supposed to be it. Now it's $250 million worth of scrap metal. Tell me about the pilot. Commander David Markov. He's had an exemplary career. Navy pilot, flight instructor. There's nothing on his record suggests he would've crashed the plane intentionally. - What makes you think he did? - Flight telemetry indicated no systems malfunction. All of a sudden, Markov went full throttle, flaps down. He ejected just before he dove the plane straight into the ground. I don't believe he was just disoriented like he's claiming. - Did he have some sort of issue with NASA? - No. But we have to consider Markov's father. He was a rocket engineer with the old Soviet Space Agency. Defected in '72. Russians are developing their own scram jet technology. Russian spies. Oh, what's next? Duran Duran and parachute pants? 'Cause I... I dug the '80s. It's what we've got. Commander Markov won't admit anything. He's suspended pending the outcome of your investigation. I was at Angels Ten, zone 5 afterburners, C.A.V. U... and... just lost the bubble. Wow. That is so cool. But I have no idea what you just said. Sorry. Um, I was at a cruising altitude of 10,000 feet. Actually, 10,500, going top speed. I don't know what happened. I had good weather, unlimited visibility. After that, it just all went fuzzy. - You blacked out? - No, ma'am. I was fully conscious. But I got disoriented, lost track of time. Next thing I knew, the aircraft was pointed at the ground. I managed to get to the ejection handles and punch out. That's how I ended up with this. Commander Markov, your father came to this country in 1972? He defected from the U.S.S.R. You think I crashed the X-48 on purpose? Did you? I love this country, Dr. Foster. I'd give my life for it. - That's a nice deflection. - That was a non answer. You wanna try it again? I wanted to be an astronaut since I was eight years old. And I trained for the space program every day... knowing that I only had a one-in-400 chance of getting in. I did not intentionally crash the X-48. ...refuge in strength. [Continues, Indistinct] Meet us in our sorrow and lift our eyes to the feast of light. [Continues, Indistinct] Danielle was my best friend in the world. I'm gonna miss her so much. I'll never forget her laugh. She had the greatest laugh. She was one of my best friends. Danielle loved high school. But she was also excited about the future. We were even gonna apply to Princeton together. Now I'm not even sure if I wanna go. But I owe it to Danielle to follow my dreams. [Gasping] - [Sobs] - Come on. You're all right. - Well, that girl seems pretty popular. - Yeah. Foster did a study once: popularity and lies in school. - You know what she found? - There's a connection? Yeah. The more popular the kid, the better the liar. Which makes me wonder why the queen bee showed asymmetrical sadness... when she was talking about a dead friend. "When a person's facial expression is not symmetrical on both sides of the face... it is likely that they are pretending to feel the emotion." From your article in the Journal for Behavioral Science, 2001. Sucking up's really not your strong suit, is it? [Church Bell Tolling] That was a good speech. Um, thanks. - But you didn't mean a word of it, did you? - What? - Who are you? - I'm Dr. Lightman. We're helping the F.B.I. with their investigation. Well, what kind of doctor are you? I study people's lies, like the one you told about being Danielle's best friend. - We were best friends. - Why were you faking being sad then? I wasn't. I was just shocked like everybody else. You pluck your eyebrows? - What? - Did you pluck your eyebrows before you came here... so they'd be perfect just like that? Because signs of lying become particularly visible in the brows when they've been thinned. You weren't shocked at all about Danielle's death, were you? - Look, Danielle was into some pretty bad stuff. - What? Was she using? - What was she on? - I don't know. Um, I heard she was scoring from some burnout on the school paper. - This loser basically just... - [Man] Riley? - You ready to go? - Yeah. Okay. Please don't tell my dad that I talked to you guys, okay? He's on the board of trustees at my school, and he'll freak. You never told me about the eyebrow plucking thing. - Where'd you read about that? - Nowhere. - Why not? - Because it's complete crap. [Bell Ringing] I can assure you we have no drug problem at Strivers Magnet School. We have a strict honor code. One infraction and you are out. - And family money can't buy you back in? - Well, this is a public school. We have a rigorous admissions policy, wait list. These... These students, they wanna be here. And they know that we don't tolerate violations of the code. One of your students was murdered. Another one sold drugs to her. You don't think there's a connection? [Sighs] Well, what can we do to help? I want you to announce a mandatory locker search... for all the students that were in Danielle's journalism class. Okay. Well, that may take some time to coordinate with our school security. No, no, no. I don't want you to actually search them. - I just want you to announce it. - [Bell Rings] In an effort to cooperate with the F.B.I.'s investigation... we will be searching the lockers of every student in Miss Fife's journalism class. I don't mean to speak out of turn... but the Fourth Amendment protects these kids against unreasonable search and seizure. That's true. Absolutely true. But truth is I only want to talk to one of you. Just one of you. The one everyone's afraid to look at. I was at a cruising altitude of 10,000 feet. Actually 10,500. So Captain Markov admitted a lack of memory about certain details. He also used spontaneous corrections. 10,500 instead of 10,000 feet. - So he's lying? - No. Those are all signs of telling the truth. Well, our doctors examined him after the crash. Medically, he checks out fine. There's another possibility. It's called a hysterical blackout. It sometimes happens just before someone tries to take their own life. You think he could've been trying to commit suicide? And what, changed his mind at the last second and ejected? It's a possibility. But I'll need to assess his psychological state prior to the crash. Do you have any old videotape of him? We're the federal government. We record everything. Hey, have you seen these? Oh, those are... Yeah. Those were probably taken in the '80s. Your dad was doing research in Morocco proving his theory on the universality of emotion. Research? Are you kidding? He's baked. Oh, yeah. He's completely baked. [Groans] He's such a hypocrite. Like getting mad at me for throwing a party. Look at him. Well, I think he's, um... I think he's just scared. Uh, no. No. I'm thinking wasted. No. I mean, he's scared right now about you. Why would he be scared about me? Well, you're a 15-year-old girl. Statistically speaking, you're at the prime age for abusing alcohol... experimenting with drugs, contracting a sexually transmitted disease. Wow. You really know how to take all the fun out of rebelling. Look on the bright side. You're way more likely to die in a car crash with one of your friends... than any of those things. - [Softly] Control, this is Zulu 7. - [Beeping] We are level and steady. [Man] We have ignition. Execute roll program. Going through Mach 1, Mach 2. - [Beeps] - Is there something wrong with these speakers? - I can barely hear him. - No. It's not the equipment. It's the man. Slow, soft speech points to extreme sadness and anxiety. He doesn't sound like the same person we interviewed. - You're still thinking suicide? - I was. But then I saw this from four weeks ago. [Man] Commencing scram jet simulation. Let 'er fly, boys! Kick the tires and light the fires! - [Man] We have ignition. - Oh, yeah! [Laughs] On all the tapes from before a month ago, Markov's mood is-is depressed. But on all the tapes in the last few weeks, he's like this. He appears confident, relaxed, happy. Something changed for him. Go ahead. Call my parents. I don't have to tell you anything, and there's nothing you can do about it. - Really? - My dad's a lawyer. I know my rights. Well, you're telling the truth about that. Your dad probably is a lawyer. Though I don't think he's the kind that's gonna help you out with a criminal case. I'm thinking... bankruptcy? Real estate? Tax law? Ooh, there it is. - Tax law. - You don't know anything. We know the F.B.I.'s gonna charge this as a federal drug crime. Five year minimum, unless we try to help you out. Did you sell drugs to Danielle Stark? Yeah, but l-I didn't kill her. I mean, I didn't even sell her any hard stuff. All she wanted was M.P.H. M.P. H? That's used to treat Attention Deficit Disorder. Uh, how do you get high off that? You don't. It helps you focus, cram for tests, pull all-nighters. Half the kids on honor roll are taking it. They're taking A.D.D. drugs to help them study? [Man] Dr. Lightman? Can I have a word, please? I'm afraid this is highly inappropriate. Well, you're definitely afraid. No one wants to find the person who did this more than we do. The board has offered a sizable reward for any information leading to an arrest. You've got kids here taking drugs to compete academically. Don't you think that may have had something to do with Danielle's death? - No, I don't. - Of course not. You know, you're probably right. I think we're finished here. Thanks. Whoa, whoa. That's it? We're leaving? Well, you can't get the right answers if you haven't got the right questions. Headmistress. Definitely hiding something. I thought she didn't know about the drugs. Well, when you brought up academic competition... she started caressing her own hand. A self-comforting gesture. Trying to reassure yourself when you don't really believe what you're saying. That one's real. [Exhales] Thanks for the tip. [Students Chattering] Ms. Torres? I thought we were clear about your involvement. Oh, I'm not here to talk to any of your students. - Uh, I came to congratulate you. - For what? Oh, I was looking at your academic rankings for Strivers over the past decade. After you became headmistress three years ago, test scores shot up. Your national ranking went through the roof. - I'm wondering how you pulled that off. - Well, it wasn't hard. All I did was give our students the proper motivation. What does that mean? Well, I restricted the number of Ivy League recommendations... to the top kids in each graduating class. [Laughs] So you've created a rewards system that feeds into their fears. If they're not on track by the time they're 17, it's too late? Well, we give our best students the best chance at success. Uh-huh. I need to see Danielle's academic records... and transcripts for all of the honor roll students. You don't really think this had anything to do with her murder? Why not? You do. David would never endanger himself or anyone else in the space program. I used to tease him that I was his second wife. His first love is NASA. Always has been. I know these are difficult questions, Mrs. Markov. - Hilary, please. - Hilary. Have you noticed any changes in your husband's behavior? - What do you mean? - Well, has his-his mood changed in the last few weeks? Y... No. No. David's just David. I mean, he's been under a lot of pressure lately, but I... he's handled it just fine. What pressure? Competition for the X-48 pilot slot was really intense. It was hard on our whole family, but we got through it. And now things are great. We've never been better. [Laughs] Did you catch the false start? - [Beeps] - Well, has his-his mood changed in the last few weeks? Y... No. No. David's just David. She started to say yes, but she said no. Yeah. And the slip of the tongue when she was talking about the pressure. - [Beeps] - I mean, he's been under a lot of pressure lately... - but I... he's handled it just fine. - [Clicks] - So she's been handling it. - But he hasn't. - What's she hiding about him? - Oh, sex, drugs or money. - The holy trinity. - Drugs could explain the change in demeanor. Aren't pilots drug tested by NASA every couple of months? For illegal narcotics. But drug tests are exclusive. You have to choose what you wanna screen for. Maybe he went on some kind of anti anxiety medication a few weeks ago. And if he stopped taking it right before the test flight... withdrawal symptoms can include suicidal impulses. - Exactly. - I'll call NASA. Have them run a new tox panel. Oh, good job. You got a future as a housekeeper. Yeah. Not bad, right? And you've got stuff in here going back to the Dark Ages. [Sighs] Okay. I'm sorry I lied. I totally deserve the punishment. Apology accepted. But can you remember this next time you decide to have a party behind my back? Oh, I'm not sorry about that, just that I lied to you about it. I think you should check out my networker page. I had 200 new friend requests all because of that party. Hey! Since when do you care about being so popular? You know what kind of trouble you can get into, a girl your age? Where's that coming from? Some case you're working on? Oh, what do you care? What do you care about new friends... if all they're looking for is a place to drink or to get high? You're one to talk. What do you... What do you call this? - Research. - Oh, please! Those are Berber nomads. Completely cut off from Western civilization. - I had to gain their trust. - Come on. - Talk about joining the tribe. - It's not the same thing at all. - And you know it. - Hey. Uh, you were right about Judge Stark. Her alibi finally checked out. F.B.I. found surveillance footage at the courthouse where they can make her out. So she didn't kill her daughter then, eh? No. But there's something you should see. Danielle's academic transcripts. I'll be right there. Conversation's not over. [Ria] Danielle's G.P.A. was excellent. But her S.A.T. scores were barely average. - She took the test twice, scoring around the 65th percentile. - So? She knew she wasn't gonna make the top of her class. She signed up to take the S.A.T. a third time. Score just got posted this week. Oh! Ninety-fourth percentile. That's quite an improvement. - I wonder what she did differently. - I can tell you one thing. She got murdered the day before she took that test. Why would someone else take the S.A.T. for Danielle Stark... the day after she was murdered? D.C. Homicide kept the case quiet for 24 hours because of who the family is. I got it. Whoa. Danielle's name. But look at the photo. Look familiar? I don't know what this is. It must be some kind of prank by one of my students. Danielle's I.D. wasn't stolen. I think she gave it to you. Why would she do that? - Well, so you could take the test for her. - I... I do not have to listen to this! Whoo! You might wanna try that move again, love, really. - It was awful gestural timing. - What does that mean? Well, she voiced outrage and then she slammed her hand down. If she was truly outraged, it all would've happened at the same time. Look, we have the essay section of Danielle's test. If you took the test for her, we'll just match the handwriting to yours. Do you have any idea how difficult it is to get by on a teacher's salary? How am I ever gonna pay off a hundred grand in student loans? - Yeah, well, you got a point there. - That sounds like motive to me. No, no! This is insane! I didn't know she was dead when I took the test. Why would I have taken it if I killed her? Well, maybe she threatened to expose you. Things got out of hand. - So you decided to build yourself an alibi. - No. Nothing got out of hand. - We just... We had an argument. - About what? Danielle contacted me through e-mail. But she didn't tell me what score she wanted on the test. I can hit any percentile I want. It avoids raising too much suspicion. But when I asked her... she looked at me like she didn't know what I was talking about. I mean, she hired me! And where exactly were you when you had this argument? I'm ready to arrest the teacher. - I wouldn't do that if I were you. - She had opportunity and motive. And she admits to arguing with Danielle the day before the murder. Yeah. But I saw no signs that she was lying. Typically, only an innocent person is gonna admit to an argument. A guilty person won't admit to anything that would seem incriminating. You're saying it wasn't her? Don't know. But I'd like to see how she reacted when she was confronted by her teacher. I wanna see the tape from that video camera the day that she was confronted. There's still no audio. You won't be able to hear what Danielle said. I don't need to hear what she said. I just wanna see her face. Emily, let me help you. [Laughs] Oh. Yeah. Thanks, Gillian. - You okay? - Y-Yeah. Just my dad being... Yeah. He can do that. He never lets me do anything fun. Oh, you mean like having a hundred friends over and getting pulled in by the cops? - Uh, yeah. Yeah, like that. - Yeah. He knew something was going on when you called, you know. He did? Well, why didn't he say anything? If he said something every time you lied to him... oh, he knows he'd lose you. Tox results are in. Buck Rogers tested positive for a little drug we call venlafaxine. For treating depression and anxiety. He was self-medicating and lying about it to NASA. Yeah. But the tox screen showed he was still taking the drug at the time of the crash. He didn't have a suicidal impulse from withdrawal. Well, then why did he crash the plane? Drug side effects include time loss, disorientation and dizziness. You add intense speed and g-force from the new jet technology... you got a very pricey pile of scrap metal. [Imitates Explosion] I didn't take any medication. - I've never even heard of... What's it called? - Venlafaxine. - Tox screen doesn't lie, Commander. - Well, maybe it's a mistake. I mean, labs have been known to make mistakes. Commander Markov, I'm turning your case over to the Justice Department. I wasn't taking anything. You have to believe me. Can I have a second? - I think the commander's telling the truth. - Tox screen came back positive. - What he's saying isn't true. - You can say something that's untrue and still not be lying. - How? - If you don't know it's a lie. I don't understand. You're saying that my wife was dosing me? Either she did it or you did. Tell them, Hil. This is the craziest thing I've ever heard. Hilary? - David, let me explain. - [David] You did this? - You drugged me? - I was trying to help you. What did you do? Did you slip it in my coffee? I don't understand. I researched all the drugs. Those side effects are incredibly rare. I didn't know they could make you crash. I'm gonna lose my job. We are gonna lose everything. We were already losing everything. You were so anxious all the time. I was scared. The kids were scared. I'm sorry I didn't tell you. But think about it. How have you been feeling lately? About me? About the kids? How have you been feeling, David? [Inhales] Better. [Ria] Okay, there's the teacher. There's Danielle. - Can you zoom in on her face? - You can't see her face. It's on her back when they start talking. - Try a trophy cabinet. - [Typing, Beeps] - Oh, there she is. Can you blow up her eyebrows? - [Typing, Beeps] - And do that thing. - [Typing] [Beeps] [Cal] Okay. What do you see? True surprise. Lasts less than one second, right? She hasn't got a clue what her teacher's talking about. But if Danielle didn't hire Fife to cheat for her, then who did? Someone who wanted her to succeed more than she did. I did it for Danielle. Well, why didn't you tell us? Well, what did that have to do with anything? I just wanted what was best for her. Best for her or for you? I knew that if she could just get into a good college, she would shine. But she wasn't going to get in, not with her scores. - So you hired the teacher, huh? - To tutor her. They worked together for weeks. But Danielle's second S.A.T. was just as bad as the first. She... was... desperate. No. You were desperate, right? I created an e-mail account in Danielle's name... and I contacted Miss Fife again. I'd heard rumors that she'd done this for other students. And, well, Danielle didn't even have to know. - She found out, right? - Hmm. She came home that night furious. I had never seen her so angry. She said that I didn't trust her. Now, if Danielle threatened to expose the cheating... that would put her at risk. If I had contributed to her death in any way... I... [Gasps, Exhales] Do you know any of the other kids who were involved in this? We need to get back to the student I.D.'s... find out who else this teacher was cheating for. I've never cheated before in my life. I've always done my own work. So what was Miss Fife's photo doing in your student I. D? I don't know. I swear. Your last S.A.T. score went up 320 points. How do you explain that? I studied really hard. You know, your daughter's a really good liar. I don't... I don't know what you mean. Well, studies show that the popular kids are the most facile. They adapt quickly to hide their true feelings. That's what makes them popular. Let's talk about Danielle's murder. Where were you that night? What? You can't be serious. - Oh, my God. She was my best friend. - Sure she was. Right up until she threatened to expose the cheating scandal and ruin your college career. What kind of person do you think I am? - You tell me. - I would never hurt Danielle. Not in a million years. That's enough, please. - I can't do this. - Do you know what your daughter did, sir? Did she tell you? - No. - You sure? She had nothing to do with this. It was me. I overheard Danielle arguing with Riley... and threatening to expose her. I- I couldn't... I couldn't let her ruin my daughter's life. So I... followed her into the park, and... l-I did it. - I killed her. - You're under arrest for the murder of Danielle Stark. You wanna come with me, sir? [Sighs] I just... There's one problem. I don't think he did it. [Cal] Hey. How you doing? [Door Closes] I've got, uh... I've got nothing more to say. I'm not F.B.I. I told them to wait outside, so... Why? I-I told them what I did. I killed her. Yeah. I just wanna show you a few photographs. All right. What do you see? - What is this? - It's the Stratton-Meyerhoff Personality Test. - So, please, what do you see? - It's a clown. I know it's a clown. What emotion does he make you feel? - What does this have to do with anything? - It's a simple question. It's a simple question. What do you see? Uh, sadness. - I guess. - Okay, well, that's good. And this one? Happiness, joy. I don't know. And this one? [Groaning] What are you trying to do? I'm trying to prove that you didn't kill Danielle Stark. But I told you that I did. Now, Mr. Berenson, there is no Stratton-Meyerhoff test. I just made that up. I wanted to get... an honest reaction to this photograph. And what I got was... horror... and surprise. Now, a real killer... if confronted with his victim... would show disgust, contempt, even fear. But not surprise. Never surprise. Now, Mr. Berenson, I know you're trying to protect your daughter. You probably even think that you're doing the right thing by taking the blame for her. You can't protect her from this. I can't. I can't let my daughter go to prison. She didn't mean to kill her. She was just... just trying to stop... I wish she'd never told me. I wish I didn't know. ##[Blues Guitar Riff] # You said the moon # # Was ours # Yeah. # You said the moon was ours # # To hell with the day # # The sunlight is only gonna take love away # #Raise up suspicions and # #And alibis # #But I can see blue tear-blinded eyes # #Lies, lies, lies # # Oh, lies # - You ready? - I'll send you the bill. [Bag Zipping] - What? - Nothing. Good work. I know what you were saying before about girls my age. - Good. - And considering... I guess you do a pretty good job of restraining yourself. - From what? - From calling me a liar when you know I'm up to something. Well, I'm sorry I always know. You don't always know. #Lies, lies, lies # # Oh, lies ## 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 