Lie to Me: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lie to Me 
 s1e4 - Love Always - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lie to Me (2009–2011): Season 1, Episode 4 - Love Always - full transcript 
 The Lie to Me gang attends a high profile wedding where the father of the groom, a Korean ambassador, has been getting death threats. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Stop it there. Now, that was the assassination of the mayor of Cali, Colombia, by a drug cartel a few years back. Let's have a look at the gunman's face. There it is. Brows drawn down together, the raising of the upper lid... and tightness under the eyes. If someone is about to commit a premeditated act of violence, this is the expression you're gonna see. All right, here it is again... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 on the face of a 16-year-old girl... about to shoot her homeroom teacher in Nevada. And again... on the face of a Basque separatist... getting on a bus with 20 pounds of explosives strapped to his chest. If you see this expression, it's likely this person is about to attack someone. I saw that look on a girl I dated once. To the D.C. Police I haven't met, I'm Agent Paul Aronson with the Secret Service. Now, we are responsible for the security of Ambassador Park Jung-Soo... from the Republic of South Korea today. Two weeks ago, the ambassador announced his candidacy for president. Now, last night, intelligence sources picked up chatter that there may be an attempt... on the ambassador's life here today at his son's wedding. Dr. Lightman is on hand with his staff... to identify suspects by scanning for microexpressions and dangerous demeanor. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, Koreans don't like to show emotion. It's undignified. Who's to say a Korean shooter makes that expression? Well, you're talking about display rules. In Western culture, the rule is to look someone in the eye when you talk to them. In Korea that's considered rude, so people choose not to. - But this expression isn't made by choice. - It's involuntary. You can't control it. And nationality is irrelevant. If you see this expression on someone's face and you don't stop it, this is what could happen. Any questions? ♪ Dream, send me a sign ♪ ♪ Turn back the clock ♪ ♪ Give me some time ♪ ♪ I need to break out ♪ ♪ Make a new name ♪ ♪ Let's open our eyes ♪ ♪ To the brand-new day ♪ ♪ Go right ahead. Go right through. Thank you. Step through. Your people are gonna cover the wedding ceremony itself, right? Yeah, we're okay there- everyone's seated, movements easy to spot. Where we'll need help is at the reception. There'll be a couple hundred guests walking around. You know, it's gonna be pretty hard to spot your guy. I mean, most weddings, champagne and resentment flow together, right? Not a wedding fan, huh? No. Don't trust 'em. - Lead to marriage. - Hey. Hey, yourself. Um, uh, Aronson, this is my husband, Alec Foster. Hey. You with the group? I didn't see you at the briefing. No, we don't work together. I'm in the Far East Desk at State. Half my office is here today. Excuse me. Turns out I have to leave right after the ceremony. Toliver wants me to cover a meeting in Reston. Well, I'm working anyway, so- You have a minute to say hi to the deputy secretary? Sure. Hey, um, till the ceremony, let's post you two at the metal detectors. Look for any hot spots, um, any concealed anger, anxiety or resentment. Okay. Her husband's not going to Reston. Well, that's none of your business. You saw that he lied to her, right? Did she really not see it? Hey. It's none of your business. - Now, go help Loker. - Thank you very much. It was a long time ago. Yeah, now I remember. Right. Dr. Lightman. I'm Han Yong-Dae, the ambassador's assistant. Could you and Dr. Foster come with me? He'd like to speak with you. Ambassador. Dr. Lightman, Dr. Foster. Thank you for coming. Are you confident that you can identify the people that want to harm me? Well, I think the problem is gonna be spotting your guy. You know, I mean, it's a big room with a lot of people in it. I suppose some element of risk cannot be avoided. Sure it can. You can cancel the wedding. Not that we're suggesting that. If you want to eliminate the risk. It's been discussed. I said no. I cannot give these people the satisfaction. And it would only punish my son and his fiancée, not me. I see you brought your own security. That's an HK45 you're carrying, right? Pricey. As you can tell, Yong-Dae's principal responsibility... is protection, which he carries out very well. But it's not me that I'm concerned about. My wife and my son are the only family that I have in this world. They are the ones that I need protected. Please, keep them safe. - Something the matter, sir? - Why? Is there a problem? Would you mind emptying your pockets? I told you nothing's the matter. Well, your eyebrows said different. What? They were raised and pulled together. That's fear, worry, apprehension- Just empty your pockets, sir. Who are you people? You're not Secret Service. I am. Enjoy the wedding, sir. Good call. - Didn't need your help. - Absolutely not. Ooh, he's into you. Yeah, right. Oh, you didn't see the microexpression he flashed? No. What was it? Well, the full expression looks like this. You are so lucky I don't have a gun. Only you would tell somebody to cancel a wedding 10 minutes before it starts. Oh, it was just a suggestion. Do you realize how much today means to the families? No, fortunately. Um, did you catch his smile? Yeah, it could've been a cultural gesture. Maybe he looked down to show his respect. It read embarrassment to me. I could dive into that cake fully clothed. There's an image. I love weddings. They're such a beautiful celebration of love and hope. Plus there's cake. Bride's pretending she's a virgin. The groom's pretending he's found "the one." And the in-laws pretend they like each other. It's Christmas for liars. And yet lovely. You really are idiotically happy, aren't you? No fatalities so far. When's the wedding party coming in? Any minute. My father always used to say there were four rules for getting married. You need a woman who loves you unconditionally, a woman who will always challenge you, a woman who you always want to make love to. And most important of all, you have to make sure that none of those women ever meet. Wasn't really a joke when my father said it either. It's more like autobiography. See anything? Yeah. Two people in the corner trying to hide their anger. But I think they're just unhappy with their table. Keep an eye on 'em. Presenting the bride and groom, Wan Hee and Phoebe. That's odd. What? The bodyguard's bow was off. See something? No. Thank you for being here today to help us celebrate the wedding... of Wan Hee and his beautiful bride, Phoebe. ...who have come so far- To our colleagues and friends from all around the world... who share this day with us. Wan Hee's- And I feel very fortunate just to have met her a year ago. Her grace and her charm, her good spirits. To- She is a gift to us. - A symbol we are invited in. - No. Just sit down! Lightman? Nah, it's just anger. It's not the same thing at all. Not the guy. Back down. Not the target. ...having the good sense to marry her. Wan Hee has something he would like to say. Hear! Hear! Uh, I'd just like to thank my parents for this wonderful wedding. Thank you, Mom. Thank you, Dad. And now, just to embarrass Phoebe and me, uh, we have this little video of-well, of us. So enjoy. ♪ You're the one thing that I'm missing here ♪ ♪ With you beside me I no longer fear ♪ ♪ I need to be bold Need to jump in the cold water ♪ ♪ Need to grow older with a girl like you ♪ ♪ Finally see you were naturally ♪ ♪ The one to make it so easy when you show me the truth ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ - Aronson, this one! - Take him down! Take him down! Table seven! Table seven! Move in! Target is on the move. Get him. Take him. Take him. He's heading for the exit. - All right, drop him! - Drop him now! You lost him! Shot fired! Shot fired! Everybody down! Wan Hee! Wan Hee! Wan Hee! Doctor! Doctor! Get everyone inside! Nobody leaves! Yes, sir! Double time! D.C. Police are here. They want to know when you're handing over jurisdiction. Tell them to wait. I want all the guests to stay inside the building. No exceptions. This was to send a message. South Korea must never join with the north. Tell him he's being transferred to D.C. Police custody. They'll take him to be arraigned. ...Washington, D.C.- Aronson, hang on. - I don't think this is the guy. - I don't have time for jokes, Lightman. - He have a gun on him? - He says he threw it away. We're still looking for it. - He's lying. - Ain't ya? Eh? I don't think he fired the shots. I think he's just taking credit for 'em. - You don't speak Korean. - Oh, I don't have to. - I can see it in your face. Don't I? Eh? - What did you see? Duping delight. The pleasure a liar feels when he sees his lies believed. You've had the training. Watch. Accuse him again. Well, maybe he's happy he shot the guy. - Then he wouldn't have tried to hide the smile. - You picked this guy out. Yeah. Well, he was gonna do something violent. But he didn't shoot the ambassador's son. - What was he gonna do? - Is this what was in his pockets? - Yes. - There's a lighter, but did you find any cigarettes? No. Did you find anything else? On him, no. We did find a bottle of water he dropped while he was running. Hmm. Why would he try to hold on to a bottle of water while he was running? Petrol. Gasoline? He was here to make a political protest. Could've been planning to immolate himself. Set himself on fire? That would explain the lighter, no cigarettes- Well, if he was here to attack the ambassador, why kill himself? There have been almost a thousand self-immolations in Asia over the past 40 years. They're most common in Vietnam, India and South Korea. The guy that actually fired the shots? You haven't got him. He's still here. Oh, that's great. Okay, we keep the building sealed. I want all the guests moved into holding rooms. Tell D.C. Police we're keeping jurisdiction. We need to talk. Yes, sir. Let's go. The shooter is in the building, and we don't know whether he's armed or not. But I've got 250 wedding guests as suspects. Actually, that's not true. Men commit 90% of gun homicides. Most of them are between 17 and 49. Odds are you got a male under 50. This narrows it down to what? 150 people? Whatever it is, I need your help. I've got 12 agents. With all the V.I.P.'s here, it's gonna be hard to keep this building shut down for more than an hour or two. Do you still think that somebody was trying to kill the ambassador? If this is somebody slick enough to smuggle a gun in here, assume he hit his target. - This is somebody who wanted to kill the groom. - Getting in here took planning. If the motive is personal, it's probably a long-standing grievance- lots of suppressed anger. The person you're looking for had to hide his feelings till the groom arrived. Some of that emotion must've leaked out. Get the tape from the videographers and, uh, isolate any, uh, suppressed anger, fear, contempt. - Did the family mention a threat to the groom? - Not a word. Uh, somebody's lying. Talk to people who knew the groom. Look for signs of concealment, somebody who seems to be holding something back. - Right. - You gonna talk to the parents? If you're looking for liars, you start at the top. Hey. Aronson told me to give you any help that you need. I'm Karl. Karl Dupree. Aronson sent you? That's right. No, it isn't. You asked him if you could work with me, right? Not much gets past you, does it? You have no idea. Let's go. Mrs. Park? Hi. I'm Gillian Foster. This is Cal Lightman. How do you do? We're working with the Secret Service to try and figure out what happened. How's-How's Wan Hee doing? We don't know. He just got out of surgery. They're moving him to the I.C.U. We thought someone was gonna try to hurt the ambassador. But it looks like whoever shot your husband was trying to hurt him. Do you know why somebody would want to do that? I don't understand. I thought this was a political issue about his father. It doesn't look like that anymore. Did he ever mention anyone threatening him? Threatening him? Uh, no. - No. Are you sure about this? - What were you just thinking? Excuse me? Something just went through your mind. What was it? I don't know. Ma'am, I can take you to your husband now. I have to go. Additional cognitive process in the eye flutter. There's something she's not telling us. Or she's freaked out because she just heard her husband was targeted... for assassination on their wedding day. Could be. We're professional videographers. So if you're not part of the families, we can't give you the tapes. We're trying to figure out who shot the groom, which I'm pretty sure the families support. Sorry. We have- There's a contract that strictly forbids, uh, releasing the footage. - Nothin' I can do. - Yeah, see, those hesitations and repetitions- You're having trouble processing what you're saying, which typically means you're lying. I'll bet your contract doesn't say anything. You want to take a look at the footage, because you want to see if the shooting is on there. Because if it is, you're gonna sell it to the tabloid that writes the fattest check. Right? You're tryin' to get the guy who did this? - That's right. - Don't be an idiot, man. Give him the tapes. Let's go. If any of this footage shows up on the net, I'm gonna rip your head off and stuff it down your throat. No hesitation. Now you're telling the truth. Thanks. Thank you. Who would want to kill my son? We're trying to find that out. You are mistaken. If there was a second assassin in the room, well, then two were sent after me. This had nothing to do with my family. Are you sure about that? Politics was behind this- people who want to silence me. That is who you should be looking for. A finger tells you so much, doesn't it? Yeah. It pointed one way while his eyes were pointed another. That happens when you're lying. Your mind's working so hard to make stuff up that your body can't keep in sync. I did not have sexual relations with that woman. These tapes are from the videographers at the wedding. Most of the footage is from the hour before the shootings, so you're not likely to see any overt anger or fear. We're looking for someone trying to hide those feelings. Since it's a wedding and pretty much everyone is pretending they're having a good time, you're gonna see a lot of people hiding their feelings, and that means masking smiles. We're looking for these. Fear smile, anger... and contempt. Find anyone displaying one of these, flag it and bring it to me right away. We have exactly no time to do this. Uh, we need to know if the groom mentioned- We need to know if the groom mentioned anyone threatening him or speaking to him angrily. Heard anything about the bride or the groom? Anybody threatening anyone? Anything causing him any trouble? Even something minor. Can't think of anything. He was happy. He was crazy in love with Phoebe. That's all he talked about. He say anything different to you? No. Didn't mention anything. You're the best man, right? What's your name? Garrett. Garrett Craywood. Who are you calling? C.I.A., see what they got on the ambassador. You know that's gonna be classified. Who's your contact? Laura. Laura who? - Laura of the C.I.A. - Hey. Hey! What are you doing here? I thought you were leaving right after the ceremony. I didn't get out in time. Oh, I'm sorry. But I have to- I have to make this meeting in Reston. I told Toliver I'd cover it. It's important I don't let him down. Just walk me out, okay? What-What do you mean? Tell the Secret Service guy I can go. I can't do that. Sure you can. You're in charge, right? - Gill, it's important. - One person gets walked out, and everybody's gonna try. We're not gonna be able to keep the place sealed. Never mind. I'll call the office. Uh, come find me when you're done. Okay. What did Laura of the C.I.A. have to say? She'll get back to me. Hey. You wanted somebody concealing something? The best man lied when I asked about the groom. Uh, first, I wanted to say that Wan Hee and I met our freshman year at Columbia. This is from the rehearsal dinner last night. He was into Mozart and poetry, and he liked to volunteer at the homeless shelter. I, on the other hand, was into- You talked to Craywood earlier. Notice anything different from the way he sounded then? Um- I think his voice is higher pitched here. He's definitely talking faster. That means his emotions are heightened... or maybe he's trying to control his anger. He's, uh-He's the most generous guy I know. Oh, stop it there. Move in on his right hand. Here's a question you don't usually hear at a wedding. Why is the best man giving the groom the finger? - Are you sure that's what he's doing? - Who are you? Oh, sorry. This is Karl Dupree from Secret Service. He's working with me. I'm just saying, the guy's scratching his eye. Maybe his eye itches. No, no. That's a gestural emblem. It's an unconscious gesture with a specific meaning. Uh, Loker, pull up the politician videos with the same gestural emblem. Now, Senator McCain has served this country honorably. He has- What letter grade would you give yourself as Secretary of Defense? Oh, I'd let history worry about that. That's hostility. Now, I know why those two felt that way. The question is, why does the best man? - I don't know what you're talking about. - Yeah, you do. I didn't have a fight with Wan Hee. I don't know why you're saying I did. Because I've seen you. You've shown us three different ways already. I get it. You were mad at Wan Hee, and he got hurt. And now you feel guilty. You wonder if in some way you're to blame. But you know that's not true. And the best way to help him now is to help us find the person who did hurt him. He owes me 5,000 dollars. That doesn't explain what you're feeling. It's not about the money. He has a gambling problem. Not many people know. He keeps it quiet. He's terrified his mother's family's gonna find out. They're old-school Korean. They'd cut him off if they knew what he was doing. A few weeks ago, he asked me to loan him the five to get a bookie off his back. I gave it to him. Then I found out he didn't pay the debt. He put the money on another game. That's when I got mad. I- I don't know how much he owes altogether now. But... someone talked about hurting him. I know that. There you go. Feel better now? All right. We ran the groom's banking records. Backs up what the kid told you- busted credit, large cash deposits at erratic intervals. Sounds like gambling addiction. We need to talk to the ambassador. Go ahead. He's up in the residence. He just got there. I gotta put down the riot that's brewing here. We don't have much time left. Hey, you want me to keep talking to people or what? No. Go help Loker with the tapes. I need you to stay in holding. Don't give me that. I want to leave now. Sir, there is nothing that I can do for you. I am Special Counsel at the White House. I could have your job. Now, are you going to let me out of here or not? Sir- Excuse me. Hi. Uh, we're gonna need to check that out. What's your number at the office? What? Or we could just talk to your secretary. What's her name? - Well, I... don't- - Yeah. See, that's the problem with telling a lie. There are so many other lies you have to come up with. Go wait in the room please. I didn't need your help. No. Absolutely not. When we asked you about threats, why didn't you tell us about your husband's gambling? Is that what you were trying to hide? No. The-The family treats it like it's a big secret, but it hasn't been a problem lately. Wan Hee hasn't placed a bet in six months. Did he? Is that what this was about? Somebody shot him over a bet? We don't know. You're making a mistake. - He has no debts. I paid them. - You what? I wanted him to start his married life unencumbered. I paid everything off. A wedding gift. When did he start gambling again? My son is in no way responsible for what happened. Why didn't anybody tell me what was going on? Please leave my son out of this. He's done nothing wrong. You're right. What was I thinking? Your son has got nothing to do with this. Really. He's a- He's a great son. He's... spectacular. Really the best son I've seen... ever. Why so much love for the ambassador's son? Did you catch the bodyguard's expression when the groom's name came up? His contempt? He really doesn't like the groom. The question is, why? - His bow. - Yeah, at the reception, you said. When the wedding party came in, the bodyguard gave the groom a shallow bow. It's a sign of disrespect. In Korea, the depth of the bow is the measure of a relationship between two people. So the bodyguard should've bowed to his toes, right? Why would he bow to the groom like an equal? Get the ambassador and the bodyguard. I'll meet you there in a minute. Where are you going? Gotta see Aronson. I'm trying, yes. Look, I'll call you as soon as I get out of here. Hey. You too. Hey. Any idea how much longer we're gonna be here? I'm starting to feel like a hostage. Hard to say really. I've got to find a man with a gun, you know. I need to get out of here. Seriously. Can you help me? No. Sorry, it's impossible. We both know that's not true. You can get anybody out you want to. Cal, my job's on the line. The deputy director just chewed my ear off... because I didn't make a meeting I was supposed to be in. We both know that's not true. Don't we? Eh? What are you implying? Well, it wasn't a work call, was it? Sit down! We can't allow anyone to leave at this time! Everybody! Get back! Sit down! We'll get you out of here as soon as we can. How are we doing? It's getting out of control. Where's Aronson? I need to talk to him right away. He's dealing with the crowd on the second floor. - And you are? - Dupree. We met a half hour ago. Fantastic. Could you find Aronson for me? - For what? - Need a favor. What are we waiting for? Sir, I am so sorry. He should be here any moment. You tell Dr. Lightman that my son has been shot, and he is being loaded into a- Sorry about that. - Took a little longer than I thought. - What did? Getting this. Sorry, everyone. It's only blanks. Courtesy of the Secret Service. I will be in contact with the Treasury... and the State Department and my own government! That's nice. You know what animals do when they're startled? Excuse me? They shut down. Their eyes close. Their lips stretch. Everything just shuts down. But if you watch closely, you can see the first thing... that goes through their mind when the senses return. Why are you telling me this? Because after I fired the gun, you moved in front of him. Why would an official protect his bodyguard? And why would that bodyguard treat his son as an equal? - Are they brothers? - Ridiculous. Mistakes happen. Is he your son? You lie and I'll know it. You were hired to protect my family, not look into our private life. - So he is your son. - I didn't say that. - Yeah, you did. - This is none of your business. Just admit it for once! What does any of this have to do with what happened today? You tell me. You seem to think he's involved. Why would you say that? Before the shooting, every time you talked about your bodyguard, you showed embarrassment. And since the shooting, every time you've been with him, you've shown anger. You're showing it now, right? Why is that? Why are you so angry? You think he'd try to kill his brother? Eh? Tell him he's wrong. Tell him he's wrong. You have always hated Wan Hee. Treated him with disrespect. 'Cause you won't tell anyone who I am. Did you shoot him? How can you ask me that? You had a gun. You were standing near him. Did you shoot him? No. I didn't. You know, if you're interested, I see no sign that he's lying. It doesn't matter how I feel. I do my job. I protect you. I protect Wan Hee. I protect Phoebe. Oh, that's good! That's interesting. Why are you disgusted? What? Why does mentioning Phoebe make you feel that way? It's nothing. Oh, no. Nothing is nothing. What was that, eh? - People think Phoebe's so nice. - You don't? A few weeks ago, she said she had to meet some man. Asked if I would go along. She wouldn't say why. Just wanted me there. Then she changed her mind. Said she'd go alone. But she made me swear not to tell anyone. You tell me what that means. So anyway, what I really wanted to say is that... I've been working on my Korean. Oh. Sorry, Wan Hee, but, um, I just want to try out a couple of words here today. Which means, "I love you with all my heart." What are you looking for? Somebody was in contact with the bride- somebody she didn't tell us about. Dupree, could you bring her down here? I need to talk to her. Sure. I don't see anything, do you? Nope. - Do you have any other footage, Loker? - Uh, the wedding. - Here it is. - ...richer or for poorer- in sickness and in health- in sickness and in health- to love and to cherish- to love and to cherish- - for all the days of our lives. - For all the days of our lives. I, Phoebe Hedalin- I, Phoebe Hedalin- - take you, Wan Hee Park- - Oh. Oh. Can you play that back again? - Roll that back again, but slowly this time. I, Phoebe Hedalin- I, Phoebe Hedalin- take you- - You see the shoulder shrug? - She's lying about her name? - It seems that way. - Why would she do that? I don't know. Do you think this has anything to do... with the man she was gonna go meet? - I don't know. - We talked to a lot of people. It seems like nobody here... has known Phoebe more than three or four years. - What about her parents? - Dead. Bridesmaids, friends-They're all from work. There is nobody here from where she grew up- no family or old friends at all. - Where is she from? - Uh, maid of honor said Michigan. What if... she left a life back there? Uh, different name and everything and never told anyone? At the hospital- the eye flutter. Did he ever mention anyone threatening him? Threatening him? Uh, no. We thought she was trying to cover up a threat someone made to her husband. What if it was a threat someone made to her? Yeah, the guy she went to meet. Why would an old boyfriend shoot the groom? Isn't he mad at her? No, no. He's in love with her. But the groom is in the way. Lightman, we gotta open the doors and let everybody go. - We need more time. - I just got off the phone with the Secretary of the Treasury. He's furious. So we're gonna release all the guests and turn the investigation... - over to D.C. Police. - We got another problem. Phoebe's gone. She told the agent at the door she was going back to the hospital, but she's not there. Nobody knows where she is. I gotta open the doors. Just give me 15 minutes. All right? No. Nope. Nope. Nope. No. No. All right, that's it for that batch. Put the next lot up. That's all I've got. Every microexpression and emblem we could find... that displays anger, contempt, hostility, latent violence or anything like 'em. We've had the Secret Service and the wedding planner go over the guest list with the video. As far as we can tell, we have seen every guest. If someone was concealing homicidal intent, he wasn't on camera. Oh, Loker's right. So then where was he? Tell Aronson to let the guests go. I know who we need to talk to. Well, thanks for letting us look through your stuff. It was great. You're very thorough. In fact, the only person we didn't see on the footage was you- the cameramen- which makes sense. I mean, cameraman's not supposed to be on camera, right? Now, I talked earlier... about an expression that's displayed... when you're about to commit an act of violence. There's also an expression that's triggered by the motive behind that violence. For example, when you went to see your ex-wife... and she told you she was gonna get remarried to some rich guy, and she didn't care how you felt. Because... as far as she was concerned, you were nothing. You've been replaced. Now, when you think back to that moment... and the anger... that you felt- Your face. It shows in your face. Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa! Sit down. We were married. That's supposed to be for life. Isn't that what getting married means? For better or worse? Richer or poorer? Sickness and health? Right? He's former military. He and Phoebe were married four years ago. Her name was Carla DeMaeo then. They divorced. She changed her name, moved to D.C. He tracked her down a couple months ago. How did he get through security? He probably spent months planning this. He was obsessed. He remachined his pistol to break apart into smaller pieces. It looked like camera equipment inside his bag. - That's romantic. - Agent Aronson? Excuse me. - Dr. Lightman. Dr. Foster. - What do we got? All right. Thank you so much. I saw them take Howard away. Did he hurt somebody else? No. I had no idea he was here during the wedding. I would have said something if I had. I never meant to lie to anybody. It didn't even feel like lying really. It's just- I was so unhappy when I left Michigan. And changing my name and pretending like none of it happened, it was... just such a relief. Tell Wan Hee- Wan Hee is awake. He's asking for you. We should go see him. Okay. Hey. Full day, huh? Want to get a drink? Celebrate? I don't think that's a good idea. - Didn't we get past the tough talk? - Yeah, we did. Still don't think it's a good idea. You know, we were briefed on your team before you guys came in, and, uh, I know what you can do, and it doesn't scare me. I got nothing to hide. So come on. It's just a drink. The problem is... I like you. And that's a problem because- Because it'll be more than just a drink. And then it'll get complicated. I'll know every lie you tell, which means I'll know everything about you. You sure you're up for that? I'm in. Okay then. Uh, yeah. Yeah, maybe 20 minutes. Yeah, I made a reservation. Okay. See you there. Hi. Date night? Sort of. More of an apology date really. What are you apologizing for? He asked for my help getting out of the embassy, and I turned him down. You're not supposed to do that when you're married, remember? You did the right thing. Hmm! Ah, you're not my husband. Alec's trying to move up at State, which means doing favors for your bosses... and getting to the right meetings, which I could've helped him with. But I had to follow the rules and be the good girl. So, I'm gonna... pour him a glass of wine and say I'm sorry. Marriage. Okay, I'll see you tomorrow. - Hey, Foster. - What? I don't think you're the good girl. Liar. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 