Lie to Me: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lie to Me 
 s1e8 - Depraved Heart - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lie to Me (2009–2011): Season 1, Episode 8 - Depraved Heart - full transcript 
 Dr. Lightman and Torres investigate a spate of suicides in young Indian women. We discover that a suicide has helped shape Dr. Lightman. Meanwhile, Dr. Foster and Loker are at odds while they investigate a case of suspected SEC fraud. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 See, in science class we like to call it momentum. You just need a little momentum, Dad. - Traffic sucks. - You're avoiding the conversation. I mean, have you even taken a woman out since you and Mom split up? Not your department. I'm just saying, you need to stop dwelling in the past. You need to forge on, fight the good fight. - Where do you get this crap? - Oprah, mostly. [Siren Blares] [Engine Off] Where are you going? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hey. Hi, guys. What happened here? An accident. Woman was playing around and fell. - It was an accident, was it? - Yeah. So, not an accident then. What was it, a murder? Move along, pal. Not murder. Was it suicide? It was a suicide. Oi! - Dale! - What are you doing here? It's been a while. Zoe tells me you're well. Well, she always thinks I'm well. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Still overcharging the city and everyone else for stuff that's unusable in court? - You still offering my wife unsolicited marital advice? - Ex-wife. - Ex-wife. - What are you doing here, Cal? What's the U.S. Attorney's office doing investigating suicide? We're not investigating. We're just asking questions. A girl jumped off this bridge, and her sister jumped off three days ago. Two sisters jumped off the same bridge? We're asking questions, that's all. You know, two girls generally don't kill themselves in exactly the same way... during the same week, without a reason. - People kill themselves because they're depressed. - Not always, and not in pairs. - What if something else happened to these sisters? - Something like what? I don't know. What if somebody did something to them? - Have you talked to the family? - Yeah, I already did. They came over from India to claim the bodies. But we don't need you stirring them up, so stay out of it. Okay? Come on. Let's get you to school. So, you know what happened? - Not yet, no. - But you're gonna find out? Yeah. Didn't you used to study suicides? Still do. - [Phone Ringing] - [Chattering] I don't know why you're so interested in this, Cal. [Man] That's Jaya. She's 18 years old. And Dhara, she's 20. They were so young. - They were our rasha. - That's your hope. Right? - You know Hindi? - Just a bit. - And you work for the police? - Sometimes. I was told the police weren't going to investigate. You have any idea what kind of work your sisters were doing over here? My sisters came to America two years ago on travel visas... but they stayed to work and send money home. [Woman Speaking Hindi] I understand how you feel. If there's anyone to blame for this, I'll find 'em. Okay? [Man] Louise Mason, November 25. [Louise] I want the weekend to go home to my children. It's my husband's birthday and, well, we always celebrate. [Man] Are you feeling better? Every day. Much better. [Man] How have you been sleeping? [Louise] Very, very well. Um... Probably getting at least eight hours a night. [Man] And how's your appetite? Really good! I'm eating well, and I can't wait to have chocolate cake! [Man] That's wonderful, Louise. And tell me, how do you feel about seeing your family again? [Gasps] So much joy. I know I'm going to cry when I see them again. I miss them terribly. I'll bake a chocolate cake, just like I do every year... - [Knocking] - and I'll put a dozen perfect flowers on it. [Projector Motor Off] What have you got? We finished uploading the cell phone footage of your suicide victims. Okay. - What was that in there? - Nothing much. That lady looked so sad. Yeah. [Beeping] I don't want to be on the tape, Dhara. - Put it on the other. - You hold it then. I still don't understand what we're doing investigating these suicides. Well, two sisters jump off the same bridge within the same week. I'm gonna find out why. - There. You see that? - Eyes down and away. That's shame. There it is again. - Yeah, shame on the other sister too. - Exactly the same expression. You know, agony is what we normally see... in suicide victims. Shame is something else. Maybe they're ashamed because of the pain they'll cause their family if they kill themselves. Maybe they're ashamed of something they did or something that was done to them. We found the immigration office... where the Ashraf sisters got their visas renewed... northeast division. Good! Yeah, I had the feeling those girls were going to stay illegally. They're here on J-1 travel visas, and wanted to renew. - Any idea where they were living, Mr. Personick? - Nope. - How about work? - Well, there's nothing in the file. Used to be nanny and cleaning for the aliens... but now everyone wants to go above-board with their domestics. So, how do these "aliens" find jobs? The Koreans usually head to the nail salons, Russians to the waxing places... and the Indians to the restaurants. Is there anything you're not sharing with us about these sisters? - No. - You're lying. What are you talking about? - What's your wife's name? - What? Your wife. What's her name? It's Beth. Why? I'm gonna tell her the world's leading expert on lying thinks you're cheating on her. - Wanna get me that number? - Yeah, sure. - I'm not cheating on my wife. - That's true. But then she's never gonna look at you the same again, is she? This is ridiculous. The only reason I'm talking to you is because P.D. asked my boss to do them a favor. - Excuse me, please. - All right. Beth Personick. We'll be in touch. All right, wait. Wait. [Whispers] Damn it. I saw them on stage at the Naked Veil. They were stripping? I saw them dancing a few times. Must have worked there for a few months. So why'd you lie to us? Sometimes I go to the clubs during work hours. All right? You're not gonna call my wife, are you? ##[Techno Dance] That's too bad about those girls. When was the last time you saw the Ashraf sisters? Jaya, not since they quit a year ago. I didn't speak to her, but I saw the older one, Dhara... on the street maybe four or five months ago. - How long did the sisters work here? - Uh, six months. I wish I could help, but I don't know much else about these girls. Here's the thing. A lot of my work is filming people without them knowing it. You've got... You've got one of the best camera systems on the market up here... filming everything these girls are doing on this stage. They didn't know you were filming them? What is it, some kind of Internet feed? That's it, right? You know, pornography is illegal in India. One of the few things they outsource here. Did the Ashraf sisters know you were filming them? I tell you what. Let's tell all the dancers in this place exactly what you're up to! - See how they react, eh? - I was only testing the Web site when the sisters were here. - But you were filming them. Right? - Until they quit, yes. Jaya and Dhara did not want to be so famous, I suppose. Shame, too, because they could have made a lot of money for all of us. Were they ashamed when people at home found out what they were doing? They came in screaming bloody hell at me. Her brother called from Calcutta to say that he had seen them naked on the videos. He told those girls that they were dead to the family and could never come home. They are terrible to women back there. Barbaric. Yeah, spoken like a true feminist. Yeah, hi. Department of Health? I'd like to report an outbreak of syphilis. Yeah. There you go, love. Yeah, I'm in a strip joint. The Naked Veil. Southeast. ## [Continues] I won't stand for this blackening of our name. Did you threaten your sisters after seeing them on the Web site? They disrespected the memory of our father. Okay? Every man in India could see what only their husbands should see! They were filmed without their knowledge... and they were sending money home to you. Instead of comforting them, you gave them enough rope to hang themselves with. Jaya and Dhara meant everything to my father. He trusted me to take care of them when he died. - I think you killed 'em. - No, no. I di... No! I prayed for guidance. God answered. He told me I must make amends, so I called them and begged forgiveness. They granted it to me. Okay? We moved past. We made peace. - Yeah? - You're not gonna believe this. We got a fax from Metro police. Young Indian girl just jumped onto the third rail of the subway tracks an hour ago. Another suicide? [Whispers] Yeah. Okay, we got three suicides within one week. All young Indian girls. What's the connection? There's no evidence of any connection between the Ashraf sisters... and the third victim, Rajal Lamba. All right, well, where's Foster? She's out on the S.E.C. case. Why haven't these suicides been on the news? Because the media believes that publicizing suicides leads to copycats. The year after Marilyn Monroe killed herself, suicides went up 10%. Same for Kurt Cobain. It's called the Werther effect. So is it possible that the first girl killed herself and the other two were copycats? - That's what the cops think. - What about Rajal? Any strip club connection? No, and she wasn't on the Internet site. - What else we got? Anybody? - No connections between the 3rd victim and the Ashraf sisters. Get Foster to call me. I need to talk to her. Where the hell is she anyway? She's out at the S.E. C... Are you with us here? - [Woman] Who the hell steals from charity? - [Shouting] [Man] I want my pension back! Hollin is a crook! All the money is gone. I provided the names of all my foreign companies to the S.E.C. weeks ago. You provided them with the names of three investment management companies you had a stake in... but a lot of people believe there are many more. Losses my company incurs are my responsibility... but the idea that I'm hiding more money is ludicrous. My father's talked to 10 different people today and told them the same thing. He's gonna answer our questions. What is wrong with you people? He's fully cooperated. You know he's not well. He's in his third round of chemo, for God's sake. Those people outside might get their wish sooner than they think. Did you ever stop to think maybe there's a reason they hate you so much? I was carrying losses forward, son... and I had every intention of paying the money back in a couple of good quarters. I'm not stealing anything. - You mean you weren't stealing anything. - That's what I said. Did you hear him change verb tenses... every time he talked about whether there was any money left? He kept shifting from the past to the present and back again. But that doesn't change the fact that he's gonna go to a country club prison for five years... and he's never gonna give up the money. Mr. Hollin is dying. He's not gonna make it two years in the prison health system. Maybe he's protecting his daughter's inheritance. Okay, but he's still not gonna tell us where the money is. If he's saving the money for his daughter... then she must know something about how to access it. Okay, so we get back in with the devil's spawn... and we see what she knows. "The devil's spawn"? What is with you on this one? This pompous douche bag flies around the country on his private jet... he gets people to give him their hard-earned money... steals it... and then they act like we are persecuting him. - I'm talking to the daughter alone. - What? Why? If she keeps sensing how much you hate her father, we'll get nothing. So, where are we on video? We've got Rajal on video on the subway platform... but it's being held from us by a U.S. attorney who's got some issue with us... well, you. Just do your job. Get it. Just get it. Where you been? - Can I talk to you for a minute? - I'm a little busy right now. Could have used you a couple hours ago. I called you I think twice. Just a minute. Please? W-What do you want? I'm on my way to meet with Carolyn Hollin. I just wanted to make sure that you were okay. - I'm fantastic. - 'Cause I can put Hollin on hold till things quiet down here. No, I told you, I'm fantastic. - You didn't make it to your meeting with the mayor. - I canceled it. No, actually, you didn't, and it's been on the books for three weeks. - But I meant to cancel it. - Cal. Go mother someone else. Everyone back to work, please. [All Chattering] Hey. How's it going in there? - Ah, this whole thing's a little weird, if you ask me. - What about it? Oh, I don't know. Investigating suicides in the first place. Yeah. Lightman's thing. Yeah. Yesterday he was watching some old video of a British woman... when I walked into his office. I want the weekend to go home to my children. It's my husband's birthday and, well, we always celebrate. [Eli] Brown hair? About 40? Yeah. Lightman probably spent about a thousand hours watching that film. Oh, I'll bake a chocolate cake, just like I do every year. Her name is Louise Mason. She was a patient of one of Lightman's professors when he was in grad school. She had been in the psych ward about a month when that was recorded. She told the professor she was fine. And you've been feeling better? Every day. - Much better. - But no one could see she was actually in agony. Lightman finally got the idea to slow down the film. That's when he saw the agony on her face. That's what led him to discover microexpressions in the first place. Well, I... I hope they didn't let that woman off the psych ward. She got a pass home for the weekend and killed herself. They didn't know to look for microexpressions then. Nobody knew they existed. It's sad how my father has become the scapegoat for this country's problems. - He didn't cause the recession. - No, he didn't. He's one man who made a mistake. Now it's gonna haunt our family forever. You worked right by his side. I'm sure you're upset he lied to you too. I know what it's like to be disappointed by a father. Mine drank his way through my childhood and spent his life trying to make it up to me. Don't try to analyze me or my father. You don't know anything about us. He's still hiding some of the money for you and your children, isn't he? Of course not. You're telling the truth. - So what is he hiding? - Nothing. But no one will believe him. They want to crucify him. They call him the Hitler of Wall Street. [Carolyn] Nothing good can ever happen to our family now. It's been a horror. Carolyn used negative emotion words every time she spoke. "Hell. Scapegoat. Haunt. Hitler. Worthless. Crucify." All psychological indicators of a guilty conscience. But she showed no signs of lying when she said her father wasn't hiding the money for them. No, she didn't. What if she's hiding the money? The S.E.C. cleared her, but only because her father took the blame. Maybe he's taking the blame for everything... to hide whatever part his daughter had in this scheme. If his daughter was guilty, a man like Hollin wouldn't hesitate to eat his young. Look at a man like he's the devil and you'll never understand his motives. Well, everyone knows he's a liar. Then we listen to him lie. Here are the articles for Carolyn Hollin and her father. Thanks. Now get back to helping Lightman. Whatever he needs. Uh, this suicide thing? What about it? I saw him watching the film of that woman, Louise Mason... and Loker told me how she was a patient of Lightman's professor. - Yeah? - I saw him looking at her. He showed guilt all over his face. Just because you can see everything doesn't mean you understand it. I don't think she was his professor's patient. I think she was his patient. What if he's the one who didn't see it and let her off the psych ward? Leave it alone. Hey. You okay? Yeah, I'm good. I just figured you'd be working late, so I brought your favorite Pad Thai. - Nice. - You know, I thought you were gonna come home. Got a lot of work here, love. You really should try opening up to me. - What is that? Oprah? - Ehh, it might be. - So, are these the two girls that jumped off the bridge? - Yeah. Hey, do you remember... uh, that girl at my school who, she took all those pills... and killed herself? I- I didn't really know her very well... but she was in my art class... and she used to paint these really colorful oil paintings. Like, just, you know, shapes, really. I wonder sometimes if anyone could have stopped her. What? Nothing. [Kisses] You shouldn't think about that stuff, love. What am I supposed to think about? - Celibacy. - [Scoffs] [Grunts] Food. Here. Eat it. I love you, Em. Only reason I'm here is because Zoe asked me to help you. She's a lot more forgiving than I would ever be. Yeah? Well, she's the mother of my daughter. We've all got things to forgive, haven't we, love? What have we got? Your third suicide victim, Rajal Lamba. This is what you saw on the videotape. It's a ring of skin pigmentation called melasma. - It's the mask of pregnancy, right? - Exactly. It's a common hormonal side effect. The autopsy revealed that she gave birth approximately a month ago. What about the Ashraf sisters? We finished autopsies on both of them. Each gave birth in the last two months. All three of them? Why would they all give birth and then kill themselves? And where are all the babies? The victims had all the risk factors for postpartum depression. Twenty-five percent of low-income women suffer from it. Okay. You got three Indian women, right? All around the same age, they all have babies, and they all kill themselves. I mean, postpartum doesn't explain it. They had no support here. No family, no friends. There has to be some link between these girls. There has to be some reason why they killed themselves. I know you don't want to hear this again, but I'm gonna say it to you anyway. It doesn't matter how many you find a reason for. It wasn't your fault. Hey. We found Medicaid bills for Rajal Lamba, the third suicide. She was discharged from the obstetrics ward at a hospital in Virginia. Loker wanted me to tell you that he got you back in with Joseph Hollin. Thanks. [Barking] My daughter had nothing to do with this. I betrayed her. - You don't believe that. - Well, it happens to be true. Your daughter's filled with pent-up guilt about something, and it's not about the money. I think she feels guilty because she's letting you take the blame. I'm calling my lawyer. Before you call your lawyer, you should know that unless you tell us the truth... we're going to the S.E.C. to tell them that we think she's involved. I stole the money. That's not true. You didn't steal it. It was her. She stood there acting like we were persecuting your family. I mean, what is she? Some sort of sociopath with no conscience? Loker, give us a minute. Mr. Hollin... Imagine your husband or your sister made a mistake... and you knew you could make a small sacrifice to protect them. The worst lies we tell are out of love. But I'd want my family to learn from their mistakes. I'll get her to give you the names and accounts of shell companies holding the money... but only if you'll make me a guarantee. You're gonna let him go to prison for his daughter? We're gonna get these people their pensions back, their livelihoods. That's what matters. What does that say to all of the Bernie Madoffs... and all of the Carolyn Hollins waiting in the wings? You think the victims should just lose everything? You have to put these people away, or they will keep coming back like a cancer. You cannot let them think they can do this and not get punished. When you're the boss, make whatever call you want. - Hey. - Ah. Rajal Lamba was discharged four weeks ago... but the baby's still here for an ongoing lung condition. Miss Dale? This way. Which one is he? He's almost fully recovered. He'll probably be discharged in the next few days. There must be some mistake. This baby's white. So is his biological mother. Is there something wrong? Is this your baby? Yes. Robert's my son. Ma'am, I'm from the U.S. Attorney's office... and we're investigating the death of a woman named Rajal Lamba. - Rajal's dead? - Yeah. How did you know her? She was my surrogate. She carried Robert to term for me. She was a surrogate? - What happened to her? - Well, she killed herself. - Oh, my God! - How did you find her? How did you... become connected? Through this online registry. Surrogacy is very expensive... 60 or 70 thousand dollars. This registry was able to do it for us for less than $10,000. Do you know where Rajal was living? What if all three women were surrogates? It would explain why we haven't located any of their babies. - [Shouting] P. D! - [Women Screaming] They're all pregnant. [Chattering] Dr. Foster, I've been trying to reach you. I've got good news for you, Dawkins. Joseph Hollin is gonna provide you with account numbers and the names of his shell companies. Dr. Foster, I'm sorry I didn't reach you earlier. There's been a major change in the case. What kind of change? Hollin's daughter is being taken into custody. She's being indicted for securities fraud. Turns out Hollin was covering for her. I... I don't understand. How did you discover this? I really can't discuss the details of the investigation. Well, have you spoken to Mr. Hollin about the money? - Is he cooperating? - I can't discuss the details. My office will call you and close out your part in the investigation. [Line Clicks] [Beeping] Loker. Leave a message. [Beeps] - Loker, call me when you get this. - [Beeps] - Dr. Foster? - Yes? Joseph Hollin is here. Mr. Hollin. You lied to me. You said you'd keep my daughter out of this. I wasn't the one that had anything... I was gonna make her turn over every dollar, every asset. She was gonna leave the business and take care of her children. We had nothing to do with the S.E.C. finding out. I just wanted to get these people their money back. Well, you won't see a dollar of it now. - [Man #1] This way now. - [Man #2] Michael, I've alerted Central. [Chattering Continues] What's your name? Chandra. I need you to help me. All right? Did you know these girls? - Who are they? - That's Jaya and that's Dhara. Why don't you try and tell us about them, all right? They had their babies just as I arrived. That was the last time you saw the sisters? After their babies... they were thrown out onto the streets like slum trash. We were promised $5,000... but he charges us for rent and food... and when we are finished there's nothing left. What was his name? He will come after me. He can't hurt you anymore. He found me when I went to renew my visa. He works at Immigration. These are notarized surrogacy agreements for all the women who were found in the apartment. He set up consenting adults with licensed physicians. Those women are all illegal aliens. But they weren't when my client entered into these surrogacy agreements. They were all on visas when he approached them about his side business. Why is your client so afraid to speak? If you want to charge me with hiring aliens after visas expired, go ahead. How about with murder? The Ashraf sisters jumped off a bridge... and Rajal threw herself in front of a train. You created a world for this women where suicide seemed like the only option. We can charge you with depraved heart murder... callous disregard for human life that results in death. This is what you have? Depraved heart charges are for people who shoot a gun into a crowd. There's no jury in the state that will convict him, and you know it. You exploited these women, and then you threatened them. Then you threw them out into the street. How many more had to die before you'd stop? Ten? Twenty? What these girls did after they were done working for me... has nothing to do with me. How could I know they'd kill themselves? My client will plead guilty to operating a business without a license. These other trumped-up accusations are ridiculous. You've got 10 minutes to file your paperwork before we walk out of here. Can I talk to you for a second? - Nice to see you too. Follow me. Let's go. - [Chattering] I was hoping the threat was gonna get something out of him... but we can't actually charge him with depraved heart. We'd have to be able to prove he knew those women were gonna commit suicide. He knew. When you asked how he could've known those women were gonna jump, his eyebrows went up. How could I know they'd kill themselves? - Eyebrows up means you know the answer to your own question. - His eyebrows went up? Did he also click his heels three times? That's not evidence. We need evidence. I'm telling you, he knew those girls were gonna jump. We have no proof. Even if we could show he mistreated those women and we got them to testify... all we could charge him with is negligence. I'm finishing taking his statement, and then we have to let him go. Cal! Dr. Lightman, I got Personick's cell phone records. He got a pay phone call a block from the subway five minutes before Ms. Lamba jumped. - She called him. - There is no proof it was Ms. Lamba. She called him. She told him what she was gonna do, and he did nothing. The definition of circumstantial. We just have to ask him the right question under the right circumstances. What circumstances? We need to confront him with her family. We have looked for her family for two days and haven't found them. We have no case. I'm letting him go. I heard about Carolyn Hollin's indictment. It's unbelievable. The victims will get nothing now. The pension funds, the teachers union. That's terrible. What? Look, I can't sit here and tell you that I'm unhappy she's going to prison. Loker. - You don't think I had anything to do with this? - What am I supposed to think? You told me to let it go, and I did. I'm supposed to think the S.E.C. got onto Carolyn Hollin on their own... a day after we made the deal? Nobody else knew, Loker. They must've found out on their own. The S.E.C. had been onto this for months. Call your people over there and ask them. He said he can't discuss how he got his information. It's very convenient for you. Why would I lie about this, Gillian? This job means everything to me. You think I want to lose it? You're deflecting. - Did you leak it? - Of course not. Okay. "Okay," you believe me, or "okay," I'm not showing any signs of lying? Get back to work. Hey, hey. Hey. Hey. I need to talk to you. - Yeah, what is it? - It's about the case I'm working on with Foster. I heard the feds found out about the daughter. - I called Justice and told them about Carolyn Hollin. - What? No, no, no. No. No, no, no, no. You're not telling me this. You lied to Foster? You stopped those people from getting their money back? Their retirements? We cannot let people like Carolyn Hollin get away with this. Are you out of your mind? Why... Why did you tell me this? - I had to tell somebody. - Why me? I don't trust anybody else. Well, you shouldn't trust me either. Wh... They didn't catch you? I took a sedative to relax my face. I don't believe this. You gotta tell them. It's the only chance you have of not getting fired. No, no, no, no, no, no. They won't find out. Lightman will. [Exhales] By signing this, you're pleading guilty to operating a business... without a license. After you sign it, you are free to go. Dr. Lightman? We found him. - What's going on here? - Who is this? Sulman? Thanks. This is Sulman Lamba, Rajal Lamba's father. We just picked him up. He came in from Bangalore to claim his daughter's body. He wanted to meet with Mr. Personick. [Speaking Hindi] He wants to know if this is the man that spoke to his daughter... before she jumped off the subway platform. [Hindi] His daughter called him. She was sobbing. And she said that Mr. Personick had threatened to kill her if she didn't jump herself. - That's a lie. - Let's go. - She didn't call you? - I never said I'd kill her. Oh, yeah? And she called you, right? - I didn't touch her. - [Hindi] - But she called you, right? She called you, right? - My client... She worked for me! That's all! Why is it my responsibility for what happens to her after that? This girl was two blocks from the subway! She calls you to tell you that she's gonna jump in front of a train! You did nothing! Yeah! So what? That doesn't make me a murderer. I didn't threaten her. You didn't have to. You created the circumstances that led to her suicide. - It was a depraved heart murder. - I didn't murder anyone. You're under arrest in connection with the death of Rajal Lamba... for the charge of murder in the second degree. - What? - [Man] All right, let's go. - Come on, let's walk. - This is not possible! - [Chattering] - [Phone Ringing] - You did good in there, Rohit. - Been a long time since I spoke Hindi. Oh, yeah, I'll come by the university next week... and we can catch up, huh? - Good to see you, Cal. - And you. Hey. Do you need anything else for tonight? - No, I'm good. - Okay. Hey. You saw this earlier, right? - Of the psych patient? - Yeah. - Just for a second. - Yeah. Did you see the agony she was hiding? Yeah. I'm sorry. No, never be sorry for something you see. Did you know her well? She wasn't a patient, was she? I think she was something... more. Who is she? Get you some sleep, all right? [Whispers] Okay. What are you doing in my room? Uh, reading your diary? - [Groans] I don't keep a diary. - Liar. How was school? Tragic. So what's going on? I want to show you something. Oh, where's the popcorn? What is this? I want the weekend to go home to my children. It's my husband's birthday, and, well, we always celebrate. - Are you feeling better? - Every day. - Much better. - Is it Grandma? - Yeah. - [Professor] That is wonderful. Yeah, it is. How do you feel about seeing your family again? [Gasps] So much joy. I know I'm going to cry when I see them again. I miss them terribly. You've never shown this to me before. No. There's something I want to tell you, Em. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 