Lie to Me: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Lie to Me 
 s1e2 - Moral Waiver - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Lie to Me (2009–2011): Season 1, Episode 2 - Moral Waiver - full transcript 
 Lightman's team investigates cases involving a staff sergeant accused of raping a soldier, and a star college basketball player accused of taking a bribe from a wealthy booster. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ...try to reschedule for later on. Dr. Lightman, the guys from Homeland Security are here. They want your assessment of the new handheld polygraph. I'll be right there. Do you work at the Department of Homeland Security? Yes. Yeah. Do you have black hair? Yes. See, the handheld measures cardio and galvanic skin response. It's the only polygraph ever developed with this kind of portability. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - No, not quite. - Cal, you know Secretary Miller from Homeland Security. - Good to see you. - And this is Tom Whitmore, the new T.S.A. deputy. - Uh, what the hell is this? - It's a lie detector. West Africans used them first. When you were on trial, you held the egg in your hands. And if it broke, it was a sign of anxiety. You were found guilty. Well, I'd say our handheld's a little more advanced. Well, unfortunately, both devices suffer from the same problem. Uh, Ms. Cooper, would you mind? May I? Could you ask the control questions again, please? What are you doing? Hi. Do you work at the Department of Homeland Security? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Uh, yes. Uh-oh. - Do you have black hair? - Yes. Whoops. The problem with all polygraph tests is false positives. Innocent people can fail if they feel an increase in any emotion- anger, fear, sexual arousal- not just guilt. Your polygraph is no better than the egg... at telling us which emotion it's responding to. - No. - Whoa! Oh! I've been wanting to try that for years. See, you would've been found guilty. But you were just angry. You should be spending your money studying the face. Look. Forty-three muscles combine to produce the possibility of 10,000 expressions. Now, if you learn them all, you don't need a polygraph. How much did we spend on this damn project anyway? Uh, not much. I'm sure we can recoup most of our costs. - Oh, that was lovely. - What? - Gestural retreat. - What's that? He stepped backwards. It means he doesn't believe a word he just said. He's lying. Well, I'm not a crook. I've earned everything I've got. Everything I've got. Everything I've got. ♪ Dream, send me a sign ♪ ♪ Turn back the clock ♪ ♪ Give me some time ♪ ♪ I need to break out ♪ ♪ Make a new name ♪ ♪ Let's open our eyes ♪ ♪ To the brand-new day ♪ ♪ What do you see? I see a skeptical, emotionally distant scientist... obsessing over facial twitches. Why are you doing microexpression training? I got it set at triple speed. You know when you try and hide your emotions, they leak out at a fifth of a second. Well, this is testing me at a 15th of a second. Impressive. You know who else is impressive on that thing? Is this another attempt to get me to take Ms. Torres under my wing? - You need somebody to back you on the military case. - I got you for that. I'll be courtside with Earl White. He's a freshman shooting guard- hottest NBA prospect in the country. College Athletic Association wants us to find out... if he took a bribe to play for GWCU. We got a meeting at Fort Meade in half an hour. Look, I'll meet you there later, okay? But let's get Torres involved. She's a natural. She's got phenomenal instincts. Doesn't mean she knows her science. Dr. Foster said you wanted to see me. What do you see? Anger. Fear. Sadness. Let's go. Specialist Sheila Lake... has served with the 23 rd Mountain Division for three years, two of those in Afghanistan. Lake is asserting that she was raped by her platoon leader- Staff Sergeant Russell Scott. We'd like you to find out if the allegation's true. Cease fire! Lake! Lake! Grab your gear and report to Staff Judge Advocate. Fire your weapons now! Is Sergeant Scott being court-martialed? We're not there yet. Sergeant Scott's leadership is crucial to the tribal intelligence missions... we're running on the Pakistani border. We start a court-martial proceeding, he'll be off the line for six months. - Then I'm afraid we can't help you. - Excuse me? Hire us when you want the truth. Why waste taxpayers' money if that's not what you're after? Dr. Lightman, my first concern is the safety of every woman in that platoon. That's why we're investigating. But Sergeant Scott passed the polygraph. I bet his grandmother didn't think he did it either. That's equally reliable. Look, Sergeant Scott's set to redeploy in three days. He's the only commander who can recognize hostiles on that border. Without him, the mission's more dangerous for every soldier in the 23rd. I certainly can't have a rapist in charge of the females in that platoon. But if I'm going to pull Sergeant Scott off the line, I need to know this woman's telling the truth. 6'5 "- moves like he's 5'1". Could dunk at 12. Won the state championship at 14. National high school player of the year the last three years. I would not have pegged you for a hoops geek. You know the fifth-grade boy with the vintage Dr. J poster... and the instant recall of his career stats? I was that boy. Dr. Foster? I'm Jeremy Levine with the Athletic Association. Thanks for coming down. Who doesn't enjoy a day watching Earl White do his thing? Howard Taft certainly does. He's the alumni booster who allegedly paid Earl $50,000 to come and play for Carver. We'd like to investigate this quietly. Earl's a good kid. He lost his mom last year. He's raising his brother on his own. Plus, he's gonna go pro this spring, and you don't want any more bad press for the "one and done" rule. Making kids go to college for a year before they turn pro... forces them to take high school more seriously. It also forces young superstars to play a year of college ball, jacking up ratings and revenues. Loker here has a hard time with half-truths. Let's go! - Got it? Huh? - Yeah. Earl White, Dr. Gillian Foster and her associate, Eli Loker. Oh, you folks are the lie guys, right? More the truth guys, but it depends on the case. Do you have some time to chat? I have to take my little brother home. And I got an econ midterm tomorrow. Need to get with the books, you know? But hit my cell later. Anything I can do to clear my name. - Appreciate it. - Oh, let's see what you got, man. Come on. Come on. - Any quick reads? - His speech was hurried... and he brought that basketball to his chest, creating a barrier between us. Those are both signs of anxiety. That's something any college athlete might feel when he's being accused of taking a bribe. We're not magicians. We're scientists. We'll need to talk to Earl and the booster to spot any conclusive signs of lying. I'm not naive, okay? When you sign up to be one of four women in a platoon of 30 guys- guys who aren't gonna see another woman for six months- well, like they say in Girl Scouts, "Be prepared." So you were harassed. Porn in the latrines. Jody calls. Jody calls? I taught that bitch her left, then right, nailed her ass, then left last night. - Got it. - Yeah. Did Staff Sergeant Scott participate in any of this? He didn't make jokes or anything, but- Oh, his hands were everywhere. He liked to walk in on us while we were changing, if we were in the showers. Tell us about the attack. I was, uh- I was on my way back from workout... and ran into him behind the mess. And he ordered me to strip. He grabbed me, he pinned me down, and he assaulted me. I was sexually assaulted. - What's up with the mime act? - You ask the questions. I observe. Dr. Lightman finds asking questions distracting. He prefers to watch. You finish the psych profile on the guy she's accused? Nice to see you too. What's his problem? "Friendly fire." "Collateral damage." You can start with the lies in the language. Mmm, bet they're not gonna end there. Last Tuesday? I went to dinner. I had a few drinks at the N.C.O. club, stopped by the P.X., then headed back to the barracks. Tell me again. Start with drinks. Drinks, P.X., barracks. Toothpaste and deodorant. I have the receipt. - You weren't anywhere near the mess hall? - I just said I wasn't. And you're telling me you didn't attack Specialist Lake? - That's exactly what I'm saying. - And while we're on the subject- Okay. That's good. Thanks for your time. Hey, you know- Whoa. Quite a bicep you have there. You must really love the weight room, huh? Now I don't normally mix business with pleasure, but- Wow. And I was wondering, you fancy grabbing a drink later or- Uh, I'm not gay. And isn't this a little inappropriate? Absolutely. Sorry. Right. Excuse me. What the hell was that? I love a man in uniform, you know? The rape was unplanned, one time, with no additional violence. That suggests a power-assertive rapist- somebody who's obsessed with masculinity, who needs others to see him as a man. If Sergeant Scott fit the profile, he would've reacted to my overture with one emotion-disgust. There was no disgust, just surprise. Correct. Eyebrows up, jaw down. Okay. But the guy was totally amped up. Yeah, but he showed no deception leakage, right? There was no sign of lying. He looked like he wanted to throw me across the room. A man charged with rape is even more likely to be angry if he's innocent. - Well, they can't both be telling the truth. - They're not. Sheila Lake made two mouth shrugs... when she was describing the rape. That's a classic gestural slip. It means she has no confidence in her words. The woman was lying. I was sexually assaulted. You really think a woman would lie about rape? Unpleasant truths-human mortality, mustache on a woman. Three things we'd all prefer to ignore. F.B.I. crime reports have found that eight percent of rape allegations are false. Okay. but the army vets I worked with at T.S.A... said that sexual assault was a big problem. It doesn't explain the gestural slip. Lake's also not exhibiting any of the emotions... a rape victim typically displays when recounting her story. No shame, no fear. We should be seeing a lot of activity in her forehead. But there isn't any. Maybe she's got posttraumatic stress. Emotional numbing might explain her inability to express her feelings. But not the mouth shrug. I'm telling you, there's something off about Sergeant Scott. You know, I once had actors play out the testimony from a rape case... in front of 30 federal judges. You know the biggest predictor of whether they believed the man or the woman? The gender of the judge. You think I'm saying he's guilty 'cause I'm a woman? Me, Darwin, 2,000 years of evolutionary biology. I think what Dr. Lightman is trying to say is that it's important... not to let what you bring in the room affect what you see in the room. Dr. Lightman. What is it? Harassment report. The platoon's Equal Opportunity rep just sent it over. Looks like it was filed anonymously last fall. It alleges Sergeant Scott surprised women in the showers... and entered their barracks unannounced. Hmm. Backs up Lake's story. You know, generally it's not a good idea to call your boss an idiot. - I didn't say you were an idiot. - But your buccinator did. That's not- That's a pretty impressive combination of contempt and disgust. I'm- I'm so- I- Apology accepted. Head back to Fort Meade and check into the personnel files of the woman and the sergeant. And hang in there. You should consider going a little easier on Torres. Why? She's all false positives. See, that's the trouble with naturals. They don't see what's missing. They're all instinct, no science. - I'll have a falafel sandwich, please. - An Italian ice, grape. You wash your hands today? Uh, yeah. Of course. Do you have any kind of pain in your neck? Uh, no. Why? People touch it when they lie. It's a classic manipulator. You been to the bathroom today? Cal. Uh, no. Oh, great. Anybody else want a side of feces? Anybody? Side of feces? If an alum took me here, I would want to play hoops for Carver. I bet it made an impression on Earl White. Why is it guys named White are always black... and guys named Black are always white? Am I gonna be sorry you're here? Barry White, Jack Black. Does your radical honesty pledge mean you have to say everything you think? It's the only way to be truly honest. Let's turn it off while we're working, shall we? Now what do we know about the booster? Uh, Howard Taft, 45. Made his money on Internet job boards. Led the funding campaign for Carver's new athletic center. Apparently, he likes giving back. Mr. Taft, thanks for agreeing to talk with us. Always a pleasure to talk Carver basketball, Dr. Foster. Hey. Oh, championship ring. Sweet. Must've cost a fortune online. Actually, I, uh- I earned it... riding the pine for the '86 team. What's that? It's a, uh, voice-stress analyzer. It measures pitch and gauges anxiety. We find it's less about what you say than how you say it. Now tell us about your relationship with Earl White. He ordered me to strip. He grabbed me. Oh, sorry. These are Specialist Lake's platoon mates. Hi. Thanks for coming in. I want to conduct individual interviews. If you could come with me. You two stay here. Thanks, Heidi. ...pinned me down, and he assaulted me. I was sexually assaulted. You finish the vocal-stress analysis on Taft? Yeah. Check it out. Hey. Oh, championship ring. Sweet. Must have cost a fortune online. Actually, I- I earned it... riding the pine for the '86 team. Typical vocal stress on a typical question. That's Taft's vocal-stress baseline. And given how irritating most people find you-It's a high-tolerance baseline. He'd have to be extremely anxious for his pitch to spike above it. So, applying the baseline. You can see from the spikes that Taft had three moments of extreme anxiety. Let me guess. That's when he denied bribing our basketball phenom. Yep. Indistinguishable to the ear, but- And no, I didn't bribe Earl White. Really, I didn't give Earl a penny. A bribe? I barely know the kid. And thanks to the technology, we can see the stress in Taft's voice. The data suggests young Mr. White just came into a lot of money. But we've seen no uptick in Earl's spending habits. I talked to his friends. The guy's got no bling. He lives in a walk-up with his brother. He takes the bus. Earl's got a big payday coming as soon as he turns pro. Why take Taft's money if he's not gonna spend it? Psychology's inconsistent. We need to get inside Earl's head. You want me to pull recent interview footage, see if he leaks anything when he talks about playing for Carver? Yeah. What's that last sound wave? Always a pleasure to talk Carver basketball, Dr. Foster. That is when Taft met you. See how the graph is all scrunched up? It indicates arousal. Apparently the pine was not the only thing our aging jock wanted to ride. - Hey, can I- - Please. Staff Sergeant Scott has a past. He has a criminal record? A long one. I thought you couldn't get into the army with a record. You can't, unless they grant you what's called a "moral waiver." It used to be just for misdemeanors. But the army's so stretched for recruits, they're using them to let felons in. "Moral waiver." The army really has a way with words. Sergeant Scott was arrested for possession, arson, assault and battery- - He has an arson conviction? - He was 16. But the assault's more recent. No. It's the arson that's significant. Arson and rape have an unusually high correlation. They're both crimes about the assertion of power. So with the arson conviction-Yeah. It makes the rape a lot more likely. We're seeing promising indicators in the Pentium chip market. Techspring earnings should be strong as ever. Hey, boss. Call my broker. Have him dump all my holdings in Techspring. Okay. And, uh, I just spoke with Major Harris's office. I told 'em you were on your way. Look at that hand shrug. It's not a good time to be investing in Techspring. We need to talk about Sergeant Scott. Oh. This is classified. How'd you get it? The same way you would have. Given the correlation between arson and rape- Well, it's interesting, but it's irrelevant, I'm afraid. Turns out Lake's platoon mates had rather a lot to say. Heidi said they wouldn't talk about the rape. I didn't bring them in to hear them talk. I brought them in to watch them listen. They turned the video back on, huh? Yep. It's human nature. They always flip the switch. Hey, Natural. What do you see? Nothing. I don't see anything. - Exactly. - I don't understand. Well, look. The absence of emotion... is just as important... as the presence of emotion. Now you, you need to learn that. When women listen to a rape victim they believe, they reflect certain emotions. They blush, avert their eyes, hunch their shoulders. These women exhibit none of that. They're not showing any reflectors. So they don't believe it. That doesn't prove anything. Lake lived with those women for three years. And neither one of them is reacting. They know this rape never happened. You made a false accusation against your sergeant. That's a crime. And then there's the other women in your platoon. We have M.P.'s standing by. If your friends helped you plan this, they're as guilty as you are, right? They know you're lying, don't they? Hmm? Thought so. Have the M.P.'s arrest her platoon mates. They're all in on it. No! Look, they had noth- They had nothing to do with it. It was my idea. Sergeant Scott didn't rape you? No, he didn't. Take Specialist Lake into custody. How could you do this? You know how hard it is for women in the military. The army's just started to take these claims seriously. There are victims out there who need help, a lot of them. - You should be ashamed of yourself. - Ashamed? I may have lied, but I was doing the right thing. Okay? I was trying to protect my platoon. I was doing the right thing. I was doing the right thing! Ladies, if you could wait in there. I will be taking you in one at a time. Playing out your favorite fantasies, Loker? Studying the psychological influence of uniforms on credibility. Lightman wanted to see how they affect people's ability to spot lies. Women in uniforms? I do love my work. - How's it going with Lightman? - Uh, he's not my biggest fan. - Well, that's just 'cause you're uneducated. - Excuse me? Well, you're a natural. The few naturals Lightman's come across have one thing in common- no college degree. You haven't been asked to focus on verbal skills, so you focus on body language. You're saying I can't learn the science? I'm saying you didn't have to. It's gotta be irritating for a guy... who's spent two decades trying to see what you were born seeing. Thanks. That's very "un-Loker" of you. I've never been with a Latina woman. Don't push it. How's it going with the ballplayer? Ballplayers play baseball. Chicken dumpling? Oh, no. Never eat meat I can't see. No. Really. No. You have no idea what's in that. Take a look at this. Earl White just took state for the third time. The kid's on the list of every NBA scout in the country. But when asked about playing pro ball- Chin thrust. He's angry. Very. Earl White should be on top of the world. Why is he secretly angry? I spot the liars. You're the feelings department. Follow me. I got something for you. Okay, would you lie to right a wrong? Depends. Why? Lake lied, but then said she was protecting her platoon. I was doing the right thing! She said it with conviction and with no deception leakage. How does accusing your commander of rape protect a platoon? That's what I asked myself. Okay, these are the individual interviews with her platoon mates. Watch what happens when they discuss Sergeant Scott. Sergeant Scott is a strong leader. I'm glad Sergeant Scott's in command. Concealed disgust. Yep. Looks the same every time. They know he didn't rape Sheila Lake, but they feel intense disgust for him. Made me think. What if Sheila Lake didn't lie about everything? What if she lied about the victim, but not the crime? So you think Sergeant Scott raped someone else in the platoon? The harassment report, arson conviction- both consistent with the profile of a rapist, right? What if the real victim is too scared to come forward? So Lake accuses Sergeant Scott to right a past wrong... and to protect the other women in the platoon. Do you think Scott raped one of them? No. None of them is exhibiting any fear. It could've been someone who was transferred or-or killed in combat. Hey. I thought we were done with this case. No. It's possible Sergeant Scott raped someone who used to be in the platoon. Ah, your buccinator's playing up again. It's not- I didn't say- Oh. Oh, look. Now you're embarrassed. You have every reason to be. You did get it wrong, didn't you? Sergeant Scott didn't rape Sheila Lake. - Cal. - What? She's the one making snide remarks. - Look at her face. - How do people work here? Sergeant Scott redeploys within 24 hours. I want you to get ahold of Military Personnel. I want the historic roster for the platoon right away. Got it. What? Now you're starting on me? Don't say something you'll regret. And I saw that. Can I have a muffin? Mm-hmm. No, no, no. You don't want the muffins here. They're terrible. They taste like sofa cushions covered with the moldy nuts... your grandmother used to keep in a little jar under-Okay. Okay. Between you and Lightman, a girl could starve. Do you have something for me? Yeah, um- I've been watching tape of Earl, trying to understand what's behind the anger. Uh, nothing so far. But I did come up with this expression. I've been through the facial coding book, and there's elements of A.U. 4 and A.U. 5. But it's not anger. No, it's not. Can we pull up full stats for Earl over the year? Sure. - What emotion is it? - It's not an emotion. And earlier, C.E.O. Robert Rosiello tried to calm investors... after Techspring shares plummeted in the wake of a subpar Q1 earnings report. This is entirely unexpected. I'm sure we'll rebound in the second quarter. You know, for a C.E.O., this guy's a terrible liar. You talk to Personnel at Fort Meade? None of the women in the 23 rd died in combat, but there's one who went AWOL. Rebecca Metz- was on the 23rd's roster in Afghanistan. Went AWOL four months ago, shortly after her transfer request was denied. She try to transfer out of her platoon? Mmm. That's not all. Here's a copy of the anonymous harassment report on Sergeant Scott. Handwriting's the same. Do they have any idea where she is? No. But the number of AWOL soldiers has doubled since we invaded Iraq. I doubt they've got the manpower to play that much hide-and-seek. She's got relatives in Baltimore, right? Yeah. Hate to miss a family reunion. Hello. What can I do for you? We're looking for your granddaughter-Rebecca Metz. She's not here. Sounds good. You mind if I borrow this? What- Where are you going? Help! Help! Aah! Grandpa? Gran- Help. Sheila admitted she was lying, but she said she was trying to protect the platoon. I don't know what this has to do with me. Sheila didn't make everything up. We know why you went AWOL. We're not here for the army. We just want to know what happened. I... never had a problem with Sergeant Scott in the States. He wasn't loud or gross like the other guys, but- But on our first day in Afghanistan, after curfew, he came in my tent- He raped you? The sergeant's in charge. He's supposed to have your back. My job is to say "Yes"- "Yes, sir." It happened more than once? Almost every night over there, for months. I couldn't take it anymore. When I got back, I just- You ran. You need to come with us. Your platoon redeploys tomorrow. You can't let the army send those women back to Afghanistan with Sergeant Scott. - I can't go back. - What about Sheila? She lied for you. - I- I can't. No, I- - Rebecca- Okay. Okay then. Sorry to barge in. What are you doing? - I'm going back to the base. - But- Okay. How did- Did they follow us here? Oh, no. I called them. - Leave me alone. - Rebecca. - I know you called the M.P.'s. - I had hoped you'd talk. But, yeah, I had 'em standing by. If you explain to us- Don't you get it? Do you have any idea what it's like to be a woman in the military? You're either a bitch or a whore. And they're just waiting for you to fail, to admit you can't hack it. Well, then go to jail. That'll show 'em. "Be all you can be." You're scared. You are still scared of Sergeant Scott. - I'm not afraid of him. - You're afraid of something. I'm afraid they won't believe me. Ah, it doesn't matter if they believe you. They'll believe me. - Here you go, yo. - We'll catch you later, okay. Hey, Earl. Thanks for taking the time. By the way, I'm a big fan. Would you mind? Oh, no problem. Bet this'll be worth a lot someday. Oh, yeah. Autographs, shoes, bobbleheads. Pro ball is big business. See the chin thrust? Yeah. - What? - You thrust your chin out. That's a sign of anger. You do it whenever you talk about your pro career. I think it's 'cause you're angry you're not gonna have one. Hey, Earl. Catch. We've seen that before too. You make that face almost every time you catch a pass these days. - That's intensity. - No, actually. It's pain. Doctors call it the "primal face" of pain. It's universal. So what is it, Earl- carpal tunnel? Arthritis? Look, you know how many hours I've spent shooting free throws? I've busted my ass on the court since I was nine. I'm raising my brother, trying to pay the rent. A big pro contract was gonna change all that. But you know who drafts someone with erosive arthritis? - Nobody. - So you took the bribe. Look, I could've gone pro outta high school. But the Athletic Association needs its big tournament. So I gotta spend my last good year playing college ball for nothing. Look, Mr. Taft's check was the only payday I was gonna get. Now, are you telling me you wouldn't have taken that money? I told the post commander this matter was settled. Sergeant Scott is vital to our efforts. He's supposed to be on a plane at 0100 hours. I guess if the army's gonna jeopardize the safety of women, it should be done on time, right? Private Metz was AWOL for five months. Are you sure her allegation has merit? I'm telling you she's not lying. Sergeant Scott, I'm convening an Article 32 court-martial hearing next week. Unpack your gear, son. Major Harris, my client would like to avoid any unnecessary delay. He wants to plead out? Our mission on the Pakistani border is critical to our safety here at home. And I have a responsibility to my platoon. - So, yes, I'm ready to plead guilty to fraternization. - Fraternization? Sergeant Scott had a consensual relationship with Private Metz. Becky was my girlfriend, sir. This photo was taken during the period when my client was allegedly raping Private Metz. You have others like this? We have several, Major. You still want to tell me she's not lying? Isolate Rebecca Metz. There's something not right about her smile. She doesn't look happy. Push in on her eyes. Brows up, pulled together. She's scared. Hi. Yeah, it's a masking smile. She's smiling, but her eyes say she's afraid, very afraid. - Will you pull up the masking smiles? - - Yeah. Miss South Carolina can't show fear to the judges. Sarah Palin has the same problem with the press. - Rebecca Metz with her platoon leader. - Right. She doesn't want to be involved with Sergeant Scott. But he's her commander. She's gotta do what he says. He wants sex, right? She feels forced to give it to him. She can't say no. It's not consensual. It's rape. Army psychologists have reported several recent cases like this. They're calling it "command rape." It's comparable to sexual harassment, but much more extreme. When your boss makes advances, you're scared of losing your job. But if it's your platoon leader, you're scared of losing your life. Sergeant Scott redeploys tonight. We have to get back to Fort Meade. They won't believe it was rape. Sergeant Scott never raised a hand. It doesn't matter that he didn't attack you physically. - You were coerced. - No one's gonna see it that way. I never actually said no. He was responsible for your safety. You had to feel threatened. I was terrified. Everyone knew if you crossed him, he'd make you drive lead. - Drive lead? - Lead truck in the convoy. It's the most vulnerable to a roadside bomb. I had a friend die that way. I knew from the first time he came in my tent that if I said no, I'd be driving lead for a month. So you just took it. You never said no? Well, that's what you'll tell Major Harris. He'll never believe me. Sure he will. We'll put you on a polygraph. They love 'em over there. - Oi! - They'll never see it that way. Sergeant Scott never made me drive lead, and he'll never admit he would have. She's right. We still don't have any proof that he was tying her safety to sex. The truth isn't good enough for these people. Who said anything about the truth? - Is your name Rebecca Metz? - Yes. And are you a private first class... with the 23rd Mountain Division? Yes. Did you have a relationship with Staff Sergeant Russell Scott? No. Private Metz, let me rephrase. Were you physically involved with Staff Sergeant Scott... when you were serving in Afghanistan? Yes. He forced me to have sex with him. We had a relationship! He ordered you to have sex with him? No, but he was my commanding officer. I didn't have a choice. Did you ever refuse to have sex with Sergeant Scott? Yes. Once. - He forced me to drive lead convoy for a week. - That's a lie. If she's lying, it graphs above the red bar here? - That's right. - The machine says it's true. - Well, it's not true. - The polygraph says it is. - I don't care what the machine says. She's making it up! I never made her drive lead! - You never made her drive lead? - No. I thought that duty rotates. You never made her drive lead? I never made her drive lead! It's a lie! Sergeant, you don't have to respond. So as long as she was in a relationship with you, she never had to drive lead. - Is that right? - Sergeant Scott. - Is that right, Sergeant Scott? - Sergeant Scott, don't. - Is that right, Sergeant Scott? - Sergeant Scott, you don't have to respond. Yeah! Yeah, that's right. What? What? Well, her safety was in your charge. You traded her safety for sex. - Major Harris, my client doesn't understand the full- - Yes, he does. And what he did wasn't fraternization. It was rape. - Arrest him under Article 120. - Yes, sir. - Hands behind your back. - You don't know what the hell you're talking about. - Let's go, Sergeant. - I'm a decorated soldier! I didn't do anything wrong! Yeah. Well, sounds good. What do you want, huh? I'm already suspended. They're taking away my scholarship. You hung me out. You're the one who took the bribe. Look, the system's broken, Earl. What am I supposed to do? How am I supposed to take care of my brother? - I heard you did pretty well on your econ midterm. - So? You want a degree. So I convinced Dr. Lightman to put our fee into a trust. Probably not enough for four years at Carver, but it'll get you through Maryland. What if I don't want your money? Then throw it away. It's your call. How did she do it? We both know Metz was lying about driving lead convoy. How did she beat the polygraph? Valium? Yeah. Takes the edge off. Mutes the emotional response. You-You drugged her so she could lie? Never let the facts get in the way of the truth. You know, I wanted to, uh- Yeah, I know. Thanks. What? You had a slight gratitude smile. What, you're surprised? Really? You know, just because I don't know your science doesn't mean I don't know things. You know, when you don't know the science, you don't see the whole picture. People can get hurt. What was that? What happened? What? Shame. When you said people get hurt, you showed shame. I don't know what you're talking about. You're lying. Get used to it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 