Being Erica: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Being Erica 
 s2e6 - Shhh... Don't Tell - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Being Erica (2009–2011): Season 2, Episode 6 - Shhh... Don't Tell - full transcript 
 It's Thomas Friedken's 45th birthday, and Julianne decides to give him a key to her apartment as a birthday gift. Erica stumbles across something that makes her think Julianne's gift may not be the best idea, but doesn't know if telling Julianne this secret is the best idea either. Dr. Tom thinks this situation is reminiscent of a time when Erica was a high school senior. Jenny had as her target a quiet but overachieving classmate named Fiona Watt, who Jenny tormented until Fiona left school never to return. Erica knew what Jenny was doing, and even to this day feels that she herself was a part of that torment because she knew and did nothing to stop it. Going back to high school, Erica believes she has fixed the problem between Jenny and Fiona by bandaging the symptoms, until she learns the underlying reasons for Jenny's actions. This understanding makes Erica realize what she has to do with Julianne and her current situation, and what she has to do with the tense situation between herself and Kai stemming from Erica's do-over day. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Erica) Previously on "Being Erica": You know what? Listen to me, and you're really not gonna like this, but you think that you're this big risk-taker, but you're not. Because you do the same thing all the time with guys. Julianne and Friedken are sleeping together. And I would hate to see nonfiction falter... Because my manager's having an affair with one of our authors. This session is not going to be about a regret. I'm giving you a daylong do-over. Nothing will stick, and everything new will be erased. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You get to redo today? Everything I do for the rest of the day doesn't stick. No. Hey, well, technically, it never actually happened, though, right? Be friends with whoever you want. I trust you. Hey, I was thinking tonight, we should um, we should go see that new Sandra Bullock movie. Have you seen my cell phone? Sandra Bullock's new movie is called, "Have You Seen My Cell Phone?" [chuckles] Mmm... minty. And no, I'm actually asking you. Have you seen it? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Mm... oh. Ah-ha-ha. Good morning, Erica. Thank you. You're welcome. Hey, can I say a "maybe" to the movie? Sure, yeah. Ok. [sighs] Have a great day. You, too. Bye. Bye. [humming happily] [exhales, whispering] Good. [humming happily] [hurried breaths] [paper rustles] [groans] Key card! I forgot that, too. (Ethan) Oh, hey, you know, I don't think it's there. Um, I think... It's right here. [sings happily] Thank you. I will let you get back to... summer school homework? Yep, just me and "Jane Eyre" rocking it victorian-lit style. (Erica) Ever get that feeling that you've stumbled upon a secret? You know, "Jane Eyre," it's one of my favorite novels, if you need help with a lesson plan. Oh, no, really, I'm fine. But Julianne's gonna be foaming at the mouth if you're late, so... Right. (Erica) They say that what you don't know can't hurt you, but is that really true? Ok... Julianne? Erica. Hi! Good morning. I was just hoping to set up a meeting with you because I think that I have found us the perfect author for the sex scoop. Ooh! Faboo. Have Meeri set up a lunch. Uh, she's not at her desk. Wow, those are... those are beautiful. Well, Friedy says in "The Secret of Now," "always have your exterior match your interior." Um...[clears throat] Can you keep a secret? Um... I--I mean, I like to think that I can. So, today is Friy's birthday-- Oh. And I'm giving him... [keys jingle] The key to my place. Oh. What? What? It's too much, too soon? No. No, no, no, it's great. [keys rattle in box] So... [clears throat] This--this writer, does she have a name? Does she have a cv? Can I read it? Her name's Elexus Earner. And since Meeri's not here, I'm gonna go photocopy her cv for you myself. And, um, Julianne, I'm just... I'm really happy for you. Thanks. (Erica) Secrets. They keep things interesting. Some are the kind we're dying to find out. Others are secrets we're straining to keep. And still others... Oh, my God! I--I was just gonna, um... The photocopy and... Excuse me, I... [stammering] Excuse me. Sorry. (Erica) Are secrets we wish we didn't know. ♪ Being Erica 2x06 ♪ Shhh...Don't Tell Original Air Date on October 27, 2009 -- Sync, corrected by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- ♪ it's clearer inside of me ♪ ♪ who I will always be ♪ ♪ open me up to my heart ♪ ♪ feels like I'm seeing in the dark ♪ ♪ waking me up to my heart ♪ ♪ to do it all over again and again ♪ ♪ until the end ♪ ♪ the sum of my dreams ♪ ♪ and everything I ever wanted to be ♪ (Julianne) Never judge a book by its cover. Judge it by its back cover. We've got lots of great options. See, the author photo is key. It lets the audience connect with the voice of the book. Oh, sorry. No, it's all yours. No, it's fine. Meeri, have the muffin already. God. But, Julianne, you went for that muffin first. Ok, chicken, I don't care. Now, we've got a bunch of photos to choose from. I just think that you had your hand on it. We all know that you had your hand on it. It's yours. Ok, Erica, there's no need to be so "dramatic." it's just a muffin. Erica, it's not the first or the last blueberry muffin... In the world. Ok, easy-peasy solution, let's share, ok? Ok. Now, as I was saying, when people buy a book, they're also... buying into the author. That is where "trust" comes in-- I really don't think they should share the muffin. Great! Because, you know, I'm not interested in the muffin anymore, anyway. (Friedken) No? Why not? Why deny yourself the muffin, Meeri? Live in the now. (Erica) Or, Meeri, Unlock the mystery of tomorrow. Will that muffin really make you happy? Wouldn't you be happier with your own muffin? Hell, I've been known to enjoy multiple muffins, two or three times a day. Four on the weekend. Ok, I'm "stoked" that the muffins are such a hot topic, but can we try to focus, people, please. Now... (Brent) Oh... my... God. This is juicier than the time Dory accidentally forwarded monkey porn to everyone in fiction. Ok, just to be clear, Meeri is eating Friedken's muffin, right? Brent! Did you see it? Yes! And I really wish I hadn't. Oh. Erica, please. Um... Brent, could I talk to Erica? Sure. Ugh. Meeri, he knows. Please, promise me that you won't tell Julianne. It was a one-time thing, a huge lapse in judgment. That's putting it mildly. Look, I've just... I've wanted to work in publishing forever, and he... listens to me, to what I have to say, to my ideas. With Julianne, it's just... it's all just making lattes or laminating personal photos, which I have to go and do on my lunch break on my own time. Another worthy business expense. You guys remember what it was like being Julianne's assistant. Uh, yes, I remember perfectly well. Julianne, she promotes people based on merit. So, if you expect me to feel sorry for you, Meeri, I don't. Hello? That latte isn't gonna make itself. Erica, please, I'm begging you. I cannot lose this job. [beeps] [inhales and exhales deeply] [phone chimes] I read your concept outline, and I gotta say, I'm impressed. Good. Just making origami fresh. Which is exactly why I assigned it to you. Takes skill to make an ancient japanese art form sexy. I'm trying. And you're succeeding. You're doing great work, truly. Don't think it's going unnoticed. Thank you, Julianne. I appreciate it. Brent. Mr. Galvin. I'm glad I ran into you. How are things in the nonfiction department? Any more concerns? No, sir. No, nothing at all. [chatting and laughter] Kai! Hey. Hey. Um, it's good-- it's good to see you. I mean, on the street, just away from Goblins and... Yeah, well, they occasionally let me out. [laughs] I'll see you later. Look, hey, Kai, wait. What? I just-- you can't be friends with me anymore. I know, you told me. We can only talk about coffee or therapy, And that's fine. No, it's not fine. It's just--I mean... Look, it's so complicated. Complicated-- Like how you know the name of my therapist even though I didn't tell you? All right, listen, you know where to find me if you ever wanna stop with the bullshit. (Julianne) Attention! Attention, River Rockians! So, you're probably all wondering why I have "summoned" you all here today right in the middle of the day like this... What's going on? Julianne called an all-staff. (Julianne) I have a very special announcement. Today, one of River Rock's most accomplished authors is celebrating the big four-five. Hoo-hoo! Lookie, lookie. [light snickering] Every now and then, if you're lucky, you have the privilege of finding a writer who really speaks to you. Friedy, with you, I have found not only a great associate but also...[sighs] a great friend. I'm not gonna lie. Your work sells, and, well, we love that here at River Rock, but your wisdom has also opened my eyes to a whole new way of thinking... Brent, you didn't tell anyone else, did you? Changed my perspective in so many ways... Brent! Ah, look at me getting emotional. [chuckles] All of you, it is time to sing for your dessert. Ready, chickens? On the count of 3: 1, 2, 3! ♪ for he's a jolly good fellow ♪ ♪ for he's a jolly good fellow... Î I can't. Easy there, tigress. ♪ which nobody can deny! ♪ Cheers, darling. Brent, let go of me. Trust me, you'll thank me in the morning. Uhh. What are you doing? Saving you from yourself. Take it from me-- Do your job and mind your own business. And just stand by and let this happen? I can't just not say anything. Look, she is your boss, not your friend. I learned that the hard way, And she will shoot the messenger. Your brutal honesty will just hurt Julianne, ruin Meeri, and make Friedken your enemy. What's the point? Does it affect the sex book? No, but... So, put it out of your mind. This is what Julianne gets for mixing business with pleasure. [sighs] Maybe you're right. And maybe you're welcome. [staff chattering] Ugh... (Dr. Tom) Oh, my God, poor Angie. Apparently, Brad is reconnecting with Jen. Ok, I know what you're gonna say-- That honesty is the best policy. It's not the best way for her to find out the truth-- You know, publicly, embarrassingly. I know, but there really is-- there's no best way to find out, and... You know what? Brent is right. It is none of my business. Tell me about the fashion show. Ok, you know what? I know where you're going with that. And what's happening with Julianne out there-- totally different. Yeah... Ok. It was my final year. And there was this girl in my class... Fiona. Classic overachiever. I mean, annoying but totally harmless. And we'd known her for years but barely noticed her. But that year, for some reason, Jenny decided to make her life a living hell. [students laughing] And I still don't quite know to this day why she hated her so much, but every chance she got, she went after her like a serial killer. Sounds ruthless. It was. And it all came to a head at the fashion show. See, Jenny, she had this agenda which she told us about. She was organizing the event so she had access to everything, including... Fiona's can of hair mousse. [dance music playing] It was awful. I mean, the hair removal, it took a while for it to work itself in, but once it finally did, it was so unbelievably humiliating. Fiona never came back to school, and... she had a nervous breakdown. And I didn't do anything to stop it. And you think you could've prevented it? Of course I could've. I could've said something. But I just--you know, I just chose not to because... I felt at the time that it wasn't any of my business. Well. [inhales deeply] What're you doing? Just following your lead. You know, it wasn't you in the copy room with Friedken. It wasn't you bullying Fiona, so... let's just move on. No, wait, wait. It's totally different. I happened to find out about Julianne's situation, but with Jenny, I was... I mean, I was in on the secret. I was a part of it. Just... please, what happened to Fiona, it is still very much a regret. Aah! Uhh! [panting] Whoops! Oh. Impressive. Thanks, Jude. If you can't walk down a hallway, Erica, how're you supposed to walk down the catwalk? Hey, Fiona. Hey. Hey, you ready for tonight? Ready to, like, strike a pose? Uh, sure. (Jenny) Fiona's our very own Linda Evangelista. If Linda Evangelista looked like carrot top and was fat. Jenny! [bell rings] There's still time to quit, Fiona. Really, I won't be upset. Jenny? Jenny! Was that really necessary? Letting Fiona take part in the fashion show? No, but our stupid principal thinks it is. No, I mean being so awful to her. [chuckles] [students chattering] Oh, I wanna sex you up. Zach? How you doing? You know, tight. Tight? Well, you're still young. Trust me, that won't last. Good morning, class. Zach... How about you and your backbone slide back on over to your seat? All right. Word, Mr. C. All right, guys. Pop quiz! [students groan] All right, quit your whining. I'll start with a gift. The chemical symbol for silver. Survey says? Erica? Uh, what? Me? Yes, you, really. Silver. And I'm not talking David Silver from "Beverly Hills 90210." Ha ha ha! That's... Really? Erica, I'm surprised. Anyone else? Ag. Ag, correct. Thank you, Fiona. All right, question number two, A more difficult one. What is a flame test? Jenny? Why don't you give it a whirl? Um... Ok, um, the... the test that makes the smoke change colors? Almost. Care to expand? Technically, Jenny's answer isn't wrong, it's just insufficient. A flame test is actually a procedure used to detect the presence of certain metal ions, based on each element's characteristic emission spectrum. Very impressive, Fiona. Maybe you should quit chemistry. Now, who remembers what metal results in a bluish-green colored flame? I hate Fiona Watt. I don't see why. So, she's better than you in chemistry. Who cares? Why are you defending Fiona? She's a loser. Yes, Erica, why are you? Look, I'm not. I just think that you should ignore her. I mean, she's totally harmless. Hey, hey! Hey, you got it? Yeah. Awesome! This is gonna be epic. Erica, what--what-- Erica, what the hell are you doing?! I am stopping this now. What? No. There will be no hair removal. There will be no third-degree scalp burns. There will be no Fiona having a nervous breakdown and switching schools just because she bugs you. Girlfriend needs to chill out. No, you do. I mean, all of you guys do. Yes, Fiona is socially awkward and weird, and yes, she likes her fantasy books, but...You guys, whatever. She's still a human being. No, Erica. She's a stuck-up, prissy little bitch Who thinks she's the smartest thing in the world. Hey, Jenny... if she has done or said anything to hurt you... Hurt me? Like she could. Ok, well... I mean, let me go talk to her. There's gotta be a better way to solve all this, right? Let's go. Hey, Fiona. That's a great book you're reading. You've read it? Yeah, all three, And I've seen the movies, too. You mean, the 1978 animated film directed by Ralph Bakshi? Yes. Um... Listen. Fiona, I, um... I need you to do something for me, ok? Can you back off Jenny? Or maybe Jenny could back off of me. Yeah, she could, but I'm just... I'm just talking about in class, you know? If you could lay off her and... just, you know, stop making her feel stupid. Did you ever think that maybe she just is stupid? No, actually, she's not. And...I mean I know that she's hard on you, and I'm not making excuses, but I think that you could really help yourself if you stop pushing her buttons. Because, trust me, Jenny, she's at her breaking point. And you don't know what she's capable of, ok? (Jenny) Hey, Erica. Hey. We're gonna grab our gym clothes and get changed. Fiona. Yes? Look, I... I'm sorry if I've been harsh. I didn't mean anything by it. It's ok. I'm sorry, too. Truce? Truce. [bell rings] This is me, Jenny, proud of you. Hm. Ok. Heh. [students chattering] [sighs] ["Hey Jealousy" by Gin Blossoms playing] ♪ hey, jealousy... ♪ Go, Judith. Go, Judith. Yeah. ♪ there's only one thing I could start ♪ (Dr. Tom) You think you're hot and sweaty? You should try dancing around in one of these things for an hour, Under the blazing sun. Dr. Tom? Yeah, in the flesh... Sort of. Nice threads. Thanks. Do you know that some people are actually attracted to stuffed animals? They're called plushies. Wow, that sex book has really opened your eyes, hasn't it? Eh. Speaking of opened eyes, is Fiona aware of the fate that befalls her tonight? Oh, the fate that I have already changed? Yes, everything is good on that front. Everything... is so intense when you're 17. And I just... I think that Jenny, she needed somebody wiser to cut through all that high-school bullshit. So, that was it? That's all it took? Yeah, I just put it all out there in the open. I made it my business. Wow. Gimme an "e"! What are you doing? Gimme an "r"! Stop it. Give me an "i-c-a"! What does it spell? (Erica) Stop it! Stop it! What are you doing? I am celebrating you, Erica Strange, for taking a stand, for ending high-school bullying single-handedly. All before the last bell, too. Your next trip into the past, you should take on World War II. You're amazing! Oh, yeah! Oh, no. Oh, no. [groaning] oh, no. No, no... Oh, no, no. Oh, no, no, I... Oh, no, no... [laughter] Did Fiona just shit herself? Kinda looks like it. [all laughing] Oh, no! [all groaning] How is this even remotely funny? Oh, come on, Erica. We're just trying to help her lose a few pounds before the fashion show! Ha ha ha! Yes! Wow. The look on Fiona's face when she had to call her parents And tell them what happened-- yeah, I really wish that you were there to see it. Fiona should be happy. She needs to loosen up. I loosened her up. Jenny, Fiona has gone home completely humiliated, and actually physically sick, because of you. Oh, no. You mean, she might not make the fashion show? What is wrong with you?! Why are you enjoying this? You know what, Erica? If you wanna be best friends with Fiona, then go be best friends with her, ok? Maybe you should go home with her. The two of you could have a little sleepover, you and Fiona, and Callaghan too! I really don't care. Oh, so what? Now you hate Mr. Callaghan? Can you go, please? Or do you... do you like him? Huh? You don't hate Fiona. You're jealous of her because you have a crush on him, don't you? Erica, I mean it. Go. He's a teacher. You realize that, right? You realize that you're going to war over a crush on a teacher? Would you just shut up?! You don't know anything! [door clangs] I know that you're acting crazy! [exhales] ["Supermodel" by Rupaul playing] ♪ you better work ♪ ♪ cover girl ♪ ♪ work it, girl ♪ ♪ give a twirl ♪ ♪ do your thing on the runway ♪ ♪ work ♪ ♪ supermodel ♪ ♪ you better work it, girl ♪ ♪ of the world ♪ ♪ wet your lips and make love to the camera ♪ ♪ work ♪ ♪ turn to the left ♪ ♪ work ♪ ♪ now turn to right ♪ ♪ work... ♪ Thank you. Hey, Jude. Hey, Erica. [exhales] [exhales] I'm gonna go spritz my hair with a little more hairspray. ♪ don't matter what you wear ♪ ♪ they're checking out your savoir faire ♪ ♪ ooh, yeah ♪ ♪ and it don't matter what you do ♪ ♪ 'cause everything looks good on you... ♪ Jenny, about earlier, I don't wanna fight, ok? Whatever. Look, it's just... your crush on Mr. Callaghan? It's not gonna go anywhere. He's a teacher and you're a student... I mean, it has nothing to do with Fiona. I'm not a moron, ok? And I don't have a crush. ♪ work ♪ ♪ now turn to right ♪ ♪ work ♪ ♪ sashay, shante ♪ ♪ work ♪ ♪ turn to the left ♪ ♪ work ♪ ♪ now turn to right ♪ ♪ work ♪ ♪ sashay, shante ♪ ♪ I see your picture everywhere ♪ ♪ I see your picture everywhere ♪ ♪ a million dollar derriere ♪ ♪ ooh, ooh, ooh, yeah! ♪ ♪ and when you walk into the room ♪ ♪ you have everybody's eyes on you-u ♪ ♪ supermodel... ♪ [audience applauds and cheers] [audience gasps in shock] Uh... [gasping and laughter] (Boys, whistling) Ooh, Erica. (Boy) Nice ass, Erica. Oh, get over it. [laughing] Erica, hey. Hi, Mr. C. Can we talk a sec, before class? Sure. It's about Jenny... I'm concerned about her. She's been acting-- Kinda crazy? Seems like something's wrong. Jenny's very... Well, she's very emotional, isn't she? She doesn't normally hide things. I mean, if that's what you mean. You and her are close? She tells you everything? Ok... She has a crush on someone-- on you. Really. Yeah. Like, a big irrational schoolgirl crush. [chuckles] I guess it's, um... it's an occupational hazard. Being younger, kids relate to me. [bell rings] We should get inside, start the day. But, please, just let me know if you think I can help with Jenny. Who needs "Hustler" when I've got you. Huh? Oh, Zach, you know just what to say to make a girl feel alive. Zach. Uh, yeah, what's up? Take a seat, please? Today we're going to be exploring the acid test. It's a test that detects acids and bases in common materials. Now, keep in mind, hydrochloric acid is highly corrosive, so, get your gloves on before handling any of the solutions. Jenny, thank you for joining us. Oh, gee. Sorry, Mr. C. It's just I was up all night dealing with my asshole boyfriend who dumped me. Jenny... (Mr. Callaghan) Back to our lesson. One of the inherent properties of acids and bases is that they change the colors of certain dyes. Now, in a moment, I would like you to pour a small amount of the hydrochloric acid into each flask. Mr. Callaghan said that you should use gloves. And you need to shut up, Fiona. Jenny, we haven't started the-- Oh, Jenny! Keep it under there for at least 20 minutes. Jenny, you need to see the nurse. That's acid! And you cut yourself. I'm gonna go take her, ok? [class murmuring] What happened? Jenny, stop. Jenny, just stop for a second. There is something going on, isn't there? With you and Callaghan? No, Erica. He broke up with me last night, so... so, no, there's absolutely nothing going on. You need to go to the principal about this. Jenny, you have to go to the principal about this. Or I will! And I will just deny it. Listen. What he did is wrong. It wasn't just him, ok? I did it, too, so... So, just stay out of this. It's none of your business. Jenny. I thought I picked up all the glass. Not all of it. There. (Fiona) Thank you, Mr. C. [Erica clears throat] I just came for my books. Right. Yeah. They're on your desk. Well... I should get something to eat before the only thing left in the caf are fries. Did you still want me to come by after school and help you organize all the chemicals? Nah. No, that's fine. You let that finger heal. Thanks again for your help, Fiona. (Fiona) Ok. So, Fiona, volunteering to help? Volunteering? No, Mr. Callaghan asked me. Hey, um... Thanks for sticking up for me yesterday. Yeah. Of course. [sighs] We will have to schedule a meeting with parents. Mr. Dayton... I need to talk to you. [students chattering] Hey, Jenny. I guess Fiona can't get him now. Fiona, right. You knew what was going on there. Of course I knew. He was inviting her to help after class and talking to her... He was doing all the same things that he used to do with you? I really liked him. I know. Being with him was like... having this secret that no one knew. It made me so happy, and now I... now I just feel like an idiot. Jenny, don't 'cause... It's not your fault, ok? He just--I mean, he used you. Right, 'cause clearly he didn't want me for my amazing personality. No, Callaghan knew a slut when he saw one. Hey, Jenny, listen to me, You are wonderful. [sobbing] And none of this is about you at all. He is-- he is messed up. Erica, I need to be alone right now, ok? Ok. Oh! Oh, yikes, that's-- That's the wrong washroom. [chuckles] [chattering] Mimosa? No, thank you. I had no idea about Jenny. Yeah. Kind of explains a few things, though. [Erica sighs] It certainly does. Mr. Callaghan, he was... just the first of many Mr. Callaghans in her life. "there is no shame in not knowing. The shame lies in not finding out." Russian proverb. Of course, Julianne's situation is totally different. Like you said, it has nothing to do with a secret that just needs to be told. I get it, Dr. Tom. And she's not gonna like hearing it, and I am certainly not gonna like telling it, but... I have to. Do you? I do. Because if I don't say anything, then it's... it's like I'm betraying Julianne and I'm... I'm a part of the problem. [office phones ringing] What? Just open it. What is it? It's the key to my apartment. Oh! Yeah. I'm so happy you're happy, because I didn't know, and...I was just-- ok, um... happy birthday. [phone rings] [door squeals] Oh. Knock-knock, who's there? I'm sorry, Julianne, but, um, there's something that I need to tell you. Are you all right? No. Erica, what's wrong? [sighing] Ok. You're not gonna like hearing this, and there's really no easy way of saying it. Ok, Erica, this "production" is overkill. Whatever it is, I'm sure I can handle it. So, just say it already. Friedken is cheating on you. Hmm--what? With Meeri. I--I caught them doing something that they shouldn't have been doing, and, um, I... Thank you, Erica. I'm so sorry, Julianne, because I know... I said thank you. You can leave. Julianne. Brent. Are you all right? Never better. I'm sorry about Friedken. The man's a dog. You can do so much better. I know you thought he was the one, but-- Hang on just a second. You knew? You knew about him and Meeri, and you didn't tell me? [sobbing] [knock at the door] Hey. Hey, Erica. I'm so sorry. If you have to work, just... No, I don't. I, um, I don't have to work. I... How awful does my mascara look? Uh... It's pretty good, considering. Really? It doesn't look like I've been bawling my eyes out? Oh, great. Great. Like today wasn't humiliating enough. Look, you have nothing to feel humiliated about. Um...Mm... The book cover photos, the mimosas, Meeri wheeling out a frickin' cake, the key ring, and now this, these. Heh. You are the victim here. Wrong word choice. You know what I mean. Yeah, I do. Thank you for telling me. [exhales] Yeah. Actually, Julianne, just a little... Yeah? Right here. That's good. Ok. You look great. You look great. Thanks. [exhales] [office phone rings] (Brent) This is bad, really bad. Thank you! Meeri, I'm sorry. I begged you, Erica, to mind your own business. That's all. This job was my way in. Well, then... you shouldn't have jeopardized it the way that you did. God forbid someone should come up behind you and steal your thunder, right? Good luck, Erica. You are well on your way to becoming the next Julianne. [intercom buzzes] Erica, I need to see you and Brent in my office. Stat. First off, I'm sure you know, Meeri is no longer an employee here at River Rock publishing. Sometimes people just aren't who you thought they were. Some live up to your expectations, and others just disappoint you, Even when you've had their back for years. Julianne-- It takes events like today to realize who your friends really are. I will be looking for a new assistant. But in the meantime, Brent, a latte, easy on the foam. [staff chattering] [phones ring] Mind if I borrow this? By all means. Hi, Ethan, it's me again. Listen, I just-- I really need to talk to you. But I guess you're working late, so give me a shout. Um... can I get a latte, please? (Kai) Hey, there's a Starbucks down the street. They make lattes, too, you know. Can we please just get past this? (Kai) Hey. Why are you here? I'm ordering a coffee. What do you want from me? Nothing. Hey, what? Just say it. Stop with all the dumb games and tell me, what's the big secret? My therapist, Dr. Tom, he gave me a do-over, a day where nothing stuck. And during that day, you and I, we hung out. I have no idea what you're talking about. That's because you don't remember, and I do, and... and we kissed. Or, you kissed me. Anyway, that's why I have been acting so weird. I kissed you. You said you wanted to know what it would be like. So, what do you want me to do? Apologize for something I don't even remember? No, I-I'm just confused because it's not just that you kissed me, It's that... this secret that we have, this weird thing that we share,  it's dangerous. You're the only person I can talk to about this huge part of my life. [voice quavering] And I really need that. But at the same time, it cannot come between Ethan and I. Just pretend it never happened, ok? Ok. Bad day? [laughs] Well, I had a session. Went back to high school. Crazy times. I'll bet. So, what happened? My friend Jenny, she was organizing this fashion show. And there was this really uptight girl in our class... When I promoted you to editorial director of nonfiction, it was because I believed you had the chops. But it's becoming increasingly evident that you're running a "Gong Show." Frank, let me explain. I was prepared to turn a blind eye, but your indiscretions have become an embarrassment to the company. I'll be out of town for two weeks. This situation had better be cleared up by the time I get back. Frank, I apologize for any embarrassment that I have created. And let me assure you, this will be dealt with immediately. [hangs up phone] That's the thing. Time doesn't exist. It's not quantifiable. So, if I'm looking forward to tomorrow, I'm really just doing it all today, But a today that's yet to come. Do you understand what I'm... getting at? Friedken? Yes, my muse? I'm not sure anyone understands what you're talking about. Clearly, working from River Rock is just clouding your judgment. So, maybe it's time you... started working from somewhere that just isn't here. [chuckles] But jules, I love working here. Yes, clearly, you love it a little too much. [bag jingles] Oh, and I'm gonna need the key back, too. Oh, gee, you know, I forgot I even had that. Glad you reminded me. And finally, just to take some of the "mystery" out of tomorrow for you... I'll be expecting chapters one through six on my desk by the morning. [key jangles] (Erica) When a secret lurks just around the corner, sometimes you have to ask yourself, Do you really want to know? [video game beeping] Hey! Surprise! What is this? It's our first mutual housewarming gift-- A killer 42-inch LCD TV and a Playstation 3. Thank you, summer school. So this is your big secret this morning? I get to kick your ass in hi-def? Mmm... So, what took you so long, anyway? Julianne keep you late again? (Erica) To reveal or not to reveal? It's the hardest question. Yeah, we just had some notes to go over. All right, are you ready? (Erica) Because our secrets are the invisible burden we carry, Some are worth keeping, while others just need to be told. And the trick is knowing the difference. -- Sync, corrected by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 