Being Erica: Season 3, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Being Erica 
 s3e7 - Jenny from the Block - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Being Erica (2009–2011): Season 3, Episode 7 - Jenny from the Block - full transcript 
 Having not seen or heard from her since she left to follow a guy to Los Angeles six months ago, Erica receives a surprise visit from Jenny, who admits she made a mistake, yet again, in ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Erica: Previously on "Being Erica": Ah, you followed your impulses today. Erica, I just don't think of you that way. Brent: From now on, I will want any book that you greatly desire. River Rock will pay. Whatever it takes. Well, just given your "homo-flexibility," aren't you at all curious? Ivan: I've always wondered about breasts. There's a downside though. He lives in L.A., but I really like him. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You've become one of those... Those stuck up girls who thinks that a safe, boring life is the only way to go. You flying to L.A., it's not living on the edge, it's par for the course. Erica: The story, it really comes alive after you leave the cult. You know, this whole world that you never knew existed, it's... What? Wait, wait... So you're saying that, before that, it's boring? No, not boring. It's just a little bit vague. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You know, the cult is so fascinating - what it's like to grow up, cut off from... (Office phone rings) Sorry. Good morning. Fifty-Fifty Press. No, we don't... We don't accept unsolicited manuscripts. Thank you. Bye. Sorry about that. Um, the point is, is that I think that we're lacking detail - about the cult, about what it was like before you escaped. So, what about your friend? The one that you left behind? Don. Yeah, he was my, uh... Well, he was best friend. And, uh... (Office phone rings) Fifty-Fifty Press. Will, hey! It's Erica. Julianne wanted you to meet her at Goblins at 7:30. Great. Thanks, bye. Grrr! Growing pains. We really need an assistant... badly. So where were we? (Phone rings) Uh... (Phone clatters) Thank you. (Light laughter) Erica: Friendship. Two people choose each other on the surface, the reason for our choice seems obvious: They share our interests, they make us laugh. But is there more to it than that? And do we ever really stop and wonder why this person and not another? Jenny? Erica, hi. Um... Long time no see. ♪ Being Erica 3x07 ♪ Jenny From the Block Original Air Date on November 3, 2010 ♪ it's clearer inside of me ♪ ♪ who I will always be ♪ ♪ open me up to my heart ♪ ♪ feels like I'm seeing in the dark ♪ ♪ waking me up to my heart ♪ ♪ to do it all over... ♪ ♪ again and again ♪ ♪ until the end ♪ ♪ the sum of my dreams ♪ ♪ and everything I ever wanted to be ♪ -== sync, corrected by elderman == == for www.addic7ed.com == Do you want some tea, or... Uh... wine? Or I... you know what? I have this... Sparkling grapefruit juice stuff. Tea sounds good. Okay. Oh, I, um... I brought you something back from L.A. Oh. Eucalyptus foot rub. It's really great stuff. It's organic and handmade, and... You don't like it? No, Jenny, it's just that... You've been gone for six months and you haven't returned my calls, or my emails. And now you show up and act like nothing's wrong? I'm sorry. Hey... Look, sit down and we can talk, okay? Yeah, I... I didn't return your calls because I didn't wanna admit that you were right. Following Rob to L.A. was a dumb, dumb move, just like you said it would be. So... what happened? Within a week, I realized that Rob was a jerk. We fought, I moved out, and, uh... I was too proud to come back to Toronto, so instead I rented a place in Venice Beach - not cheap! I blew all of my money and maxed out all of my credit cards. Oh, Jenny. I'm thirty-two. I have to get my shit together. It's beyond time. Okay, well, look. Hey... Hey, we're gonna figure it out. You're not mad? No, I'm not mad, and I'll help you. Really? Yeah. If you need to update your resume, I have a computer. If you need to look for an apartment, I know how to pick 'em. So? Thank you. (Music plays within Goblins) Erica: Couple's counseling? Really? Judith: Yeah. We're being pro-active. Just to... Just keeping on top of things so that we don't wind up divorced. Are you thinking of getting divorced? Judith (Snorted chuckle) No. Of course not. It's just, uh... Marriage is hard. Erica: Yeah, and especially with a baby. Yeah, you have a baby, you work a zillion hours, you never see each other, much less have sex. So we're addressing it and it's been good. Good! Yeah. It's good. Judith and Jenny: (Awkward chuckle) Ivan: Here we go. Champagne wishes and caviar dreams. Minus the caviar. Thank you. This round is on me. Oh no, Jenny... Yeah, I insist. All right. Okay, to old friends who have been apart for way too long. Absolutely. All: Cheers! Judith: So tell us about the job hunt. What kind of work you looking for? I don't know. Something fun and creative, but not too corporate. Maybe in the arts, or music, or at the library. Focus, Jenny. Focus. Okay, I think big, you bring me down to earth, and hopefully that'll lead to a happy medium for me. Yeah, absolutely. Julianne: Erica, are you sure you told will to meet me here? Because I can't find him, and if we miss out on his roster of writers because you mi- - Calm down, Julianne. I told him 7:30, and it is... Seven. Oh. Erica: Sit down and have my drink. Mm. Thanks, chicken. I'm sorry. Oh, we need to hire an assistant, pronto-Toronto. We can't afford to hire an assistant. Hell, pay me in food stamps and I'll answer your phones for you. Ooh, I know you. You're the girl that had sex in the owl shed. Oh, that's my claim to fame - the owl shed. Hi, Julianne. (Hoots) (Hoots) (Whispering) Uh, I ran your card through three times, but I'm afraid It was declined. Oh, really? Um, I'm sorry. Um... I don't have any Canadian bills, everything I have is American and not... Here, Jenny, I got it. Thanks. Thank you. Will: Word on the street is, is that Frank Galvin hates what he's read. Now, Friedken hates Brent and really misses you. You know that should probably make me feel better, but it doesn't, actually. Maybe this will. The trouble at River Rock, and the bidding war that Brent launched over "The Purple Door" means that, suddenly, 50/50 is the cool new upstart, with the most anticipated non-fiction publication of the year. All my clients wanna meet with you guys. You two are hot. Okay, that does make me feel better. Julianne and will: (Chuckle) Judith? Will? - Oh my God. - Oh my God. Will: Look at you. Wow! Oh, I'm so sorry, Julianne this is Judith. I know. Judith is one of Erica's very best friends. Will: Really? Judith: Yeah. This, this is... What a small world! Yes! Yeah. You know what? You have join us. Uh, no, I ca- I mean, uh... I have to go. The baby calls. You have a baby? Yeah, well, he's 18 months, but, uh... You? I'm married, with three children. Wow. Yeah, it's just so great to see you. It's good to see you too. Both: (Warm laughter) Uh... Julianne: (Clears throat) So... So you two are just, you're old friends? Yeah. I dated her, from grade nine until she left my school before senior year. Anyway... Back to business. Julianne: Okay, no, no, no, here. Erica: Julianne, I see it. God! Just... Julianne: Okay, you don't have to snap at me. It's not my fault you put the meeting in at 10:45 instead of 10:15 and we had to drive here. Okay. I'm an idiot. Got it. No, you're not an idiot, you're just overworked and you're, you're... Pulled in a million different directions. Why don't we hire Jenny? She needs a job, we really need help. Do you need a refresher course in being Julianne Giacomelli's number two? I'm, I'm ruthless and I am demanding and I expect 200 percent, plus the barrista skills of the founder of Starbucks. And sometimes, I can even be really, really nasty. I survived you. Barely. True. (Exaggerated sigh) Well, I'm not gonna censor myself just 'cause she's your friend. (Sarcastic chuckle) You couldn't censor yourself if you tried. (Gasps, taken aback) Look, minimum wage, plus overtime. No benefits, no whining. Deal. Deal. Let's go. So the job, it really- it would be doing all the stuff that we don't have time to do ourselves. We're talking answering phones, filing, creating and maintaining our database and calendars. Zero glamour. Erica: Plus we'd need you to organize things like the book reading we wanna do for "The Purple Door," and photo shoots. Basically, you organize our lives. So, are you interested? One question. When can I start? Uh, as soon as possible. How about I start with these dirty dishes? ♪ Everyone's watching to see what you will do ♪ ♪ everyone's looking at you ♪ Fantastic (Unclear). ♪ Everyone's wondering ♪ ♪ will you come out tonight ♪ 50/50 Press. ♪ Everyone's trying to get it right ♪ ♪ get it right ♪ ♪ everybody's working for the weekend ♪ Jenny: You like it? Erica: I think it's great. Julianne: It's nice. Jenny: Okay. 50/50 Press. ♪ O-oh you want a piece of my heart ♪ Erica: So, tell me more about Don. Well, he was the brother I never had and I miss him every day. But, you know, I had to choose: Life with him in there, or freedom out here. And have you seen him since? Once. And he wouldn't even look at me. I mean, I've known Don since I was two. We spent every waking moment together... And now I'm basically dead to him. (Sympathetic breath) Seth, that should be a whole chapter. Jenny: You can search by name, business. Everyone you need to contact, right at your fingertips. Um, everyone? Are you sure? Because I'm pretty sure I know more than 43 people. Well, it's everyone you and Erica gave me. Well, everyone we gave you does not mean every one. Go through our inboxes, track down anyone we've ever had communication with. Okay, sure. Sure. Julianne: The idea's for you to read my mind, Jenny, not vice-versa. "Comprende?" And where's my 11:30 latte? Right. No, just stay there. Just stay there. Last time you used white sugar, not raw. Rhinestones versus diamonds, owl shed. (Exhales) Excuse me, Seth. She hates me. No she doesn't. It's just... This business, it means a lot to us, obviously. Jenny: Yeah, I totally get it, Erica. It makes complete sense. I hope you don't regret taking this job. Jenny: Of course not. You've saved my life, again. I can put up with a little ego bashing. It's all good. Hey, hang in there. Brent: Seth Newman's reading... Where'd you get that? Antoine, Lesley K's assistant - he sent it to me - and he got it from Jenny Zahlen, 50/50's brand new me. Erica Strange and Jenny go, like, way back. Total besties. They have an employee? They're expanding? An employee, an entire roster of titles in the works for the third quarter. That's what I hear, anyway. Oh, and do you wanna know what else I hear, but you're not gonna like it? What is it? Luis, just tell me. Frank Galvin did not react kindly to your slate for the third quarter. Maybe I should take these back. Maybe you should get some G-2 on what 50/50 has in the pipeline. You know, I could go all Mata Hari on Jenny. Romance her, get her to spill some secrets. No offense, Luis, but you make Zac Efron look Butch. No, this calls for a ladies' man. This calls for Brent. Will: Okay, and this one is from a new writer I just signed. He's spent 20 years working as a contractor and he's put together this great how-to guide, one that compares renovating a house with dating a woman. Ooh, sounds interesting. What's it called? It's called "The Fixer Upper." It's a twist on the old how-to, self-help, Mars-Venus relationship guide. Julianne: Ooh, wow, me likey a lot. I thought you would. It hits men and women, and there's loads of humour. And it hasn't been bought? No one has seen this. The manuscript is rough, the guy's a contractor first, he's a writer second. So it needs a little tlc. Oh... But I know that you ladies would give it just the amount of love it deserves. Erica: Oh, hi there. Can we help you? I'm here for the photo shoot. Jenny: Um, no, the photo shoot is tomorrow. I have it in my calendar for today. Um... Um, I will be right back. Which is it? Today or tomorrow? I think I made a mistake. Uh, so it turns out we have a friend in common, me and you. - Yes, Judith. Small world. She mentioned that. And you guys, you haven't seen each other since... Since she left my high school for yours. She's gonna be at Seth Newman's reading, if you're gonna be there? I was planning on it. Julianne: All figured out, the photo shoot is tomorrow. Jenny messed it up again. Anywho, Will, we would love to read. In fact, we'll read tonight. Will: Wonderful. Now, I can't sit on this forever. How long do we have? Will: 48 hours, max. So let's try and talk tomorrow, yeah? Absolutely. Sounds good. Hi. Hello, beautiful. The usual? Please, and, uh, please make Julianne's extra-special. She's mad at me. Gotcha. An extra-special Julianne Giacomelli special, coming right up. Boss from hell? I know your pain. No, I screwed up, actually. Oh, I find that hard to believe. Name's Brad, by the way. Jenny. Nice to meet you, Brad. Nice to meet you, Jenny. Jenny: Sorry for the confusion. Yeah, that'd be great. We'll see you tomorrow around three. Thanks again. Bye. Okay, despite my mix-up, it is all good. The photographer has shuffled some things around and he'll be back tomorrow afternoon. Oh, that is a relief. And what about the hair and makeup people? I thought Seth would do his own hair. Jenny, it's a photo shoot. You didn't book anyone? No, but honestly, I didn't know I had to. It's on the list. (Sighs heavily) You know what? It's okay, this is your first time doing this and you're bound to make some mistakes. So let's just go over everything and make sure that we're ready for tomorrow, okay? Okay. Thank you, Erica, that'd be great. Erica: Email directions to hair and makeup, check! You're gonna pick up refreshments and snacks on the way home from work, check. And last but not least, I'm gonna call Seth and remind him to wear solid colours, not patterns, because the camera doesn't like 'em. Check. Great. Thank you, Erica. Oh, it's no biggie. I mean, I used to do stuff like this at River Rock all the time. You'll get the hang... Julianne, hey, what're you doing here? Oh, I've been holed up reading the "The Fixer Upper." It's rough, but it's compelling. Oh, I'm getting there. I'm just doing some stuff for "The Purple Door," but nothing major. Huh. And what 'bout you, owl shed? Are you all set up for the photo shoot? Does the photographer have enough film in his camera and he won't run out? I, I think he uses a digital camera. And I think I was joking. Okay, I am off. Erica, let me know what you think of the manuscript. We have to get back to Will asap. Erica: I'm on it. Julianne: All right. Good night. You know what, Jenny, why don't you go and finish up the rest of this and I'll lock up? - Are you sure? - Yeah. Thanks again, Erica. And thank you for that, just now, with Julianne. Okay. Good night. Bye. See you tomorrow. (Whoosh) (Pants) Do we have to do this now? Really, all I want to do is go home and curl into bed, and read "The Fixer Upper." Shouldn't you have been doing that two hours ago? Sorry? Instead of doing Jenny's job, shouldn't you have been doing your own? I wasn't doing Jenny's job, I was helping her. Why are you being so defensive? Erica: Because if I didn't step in and we weren't prepared tomorrow for the photo shoot, Julianne, she would've fired Jenny on the spot. I, I don't see what the big deal is. Maybe she should be fired. If someone can't handle a job, they need to either quit or be fired. It's one of the hardest parts of management. Thank you, Camilla. I have fired someone before. She deserved it; Jenny doesn't. Dr. Tom: Erica, please. Tell us about Black Creek. (Exhales) Okay... Fine. Black Creek. As in Black Creek Pioneer Village. It's where Jenny and I worked one summer. She was in charge of the paddock and I was in charge of the candle shop. We both didn't take the job seriously, at all. Then one afternoon, Jenny, she asked me if I could watch the paddock while she and this cute guy that worked there went to smoke some weed, and I said yes. You know, it beat sitting in a stuffy candle shop. Plus, I thought I could work on my tan. Problem was I left a candle burning, and wound up burning down the candle shop and got myself fired. (Stunned gasp) What happened to Jenny? She... She quit a few days later. She said that working there without me wasn't fun. Adam: Hmm. Because she actually had to do some work after you left. Rebecca: Sounds like Jenny needs a good kick in the ass. I second that. (Sighs) It's just... It's hard, because I want her to succeed and I want her to be happy and I love her. We get it. But sometimes helping... Isn't helping. Maybe you guys are right. Maybe, you know, I am doing this all wrong - not letting her fail and not letting her figure things out the hard way. So is that what I'm supposed to do, Dr. Tom? Just let Jenny make her choices and just stay out of it? Well, if I answered that, then I'd be doing all the heavy-lifting for you, wouldn't I? (Whoosh) Mother: Can my son please have the candles? Of course! Have a great day. Jenny: Erica! You'll never guess who just asked me to go "smoke a doobie" with him? Uh, the guy from the printing shop, and no, I will not watch the paddock for you. Okay, a: You're creepy, and b: You're really annoying. Jenny, I'm... (Stammers, awkward) I'm sorry, it's just... You know, I have a job to do. Yeah, whatever. Okay, if anything goes wrong, I'll be in the back field. Jenny, I'm... Look, I'm serious. I'm not gonna do this for you. Jenny: Erica... No. You stay at your post and I'm gonna stay at mine. Fine! Me and my sexual dry spell thank you. Sorry. Sorry. High-five! Hey! Where's that halfwit friend of yours? Joan? Hey... I remember you. It's been a long time. Are you sassing me? Oh, no, ma'am. What can I do for you? Well, there's no one mannin' the paddock. Jenny's not there? No, Einstein. She's not. Well, what do you want me to do about it, Joan? I mean, if she's not there, she's not there, okay? I want you to go and find her, while I waste my break watching your shop. - Joan, I'm not gonna- - Go! That cloud looks like a pokemon. Boy: You talking pikachu, the yellow one? Jenny: (Giggles) No, doesn't look anything like it. Ah, that's its tail, those are its horns. Pikachu doesn't have horns; He has ears. - Oh... (Laughs) - And cheeks that make lightning! You're, you're basically a Japanese girl. Jenny: You know that, right? Erica: Jenny! Jenny! I hate all of this stupid material. (Snickers) Jenny, what are you doing? You're supposed to be at work. Erica, why do you care? Seriously, when did you become my mother? Maybe e just needs to chill out. Jenny: (Half laughs) Boy: Hey, what the hell? Okay, Erica. Just go. Leave us alone. What's wrong with you? Erica: Fine. Hey, you know what? If this is what you want to do, you just knock yourself out. (Laughs) ♪ I knew you ♪ (Sheep bleat) ♪ Before the West was one ♪ ♪ I was right ♪ ♪ you said goodbye ♪ ♪ I said goodnight ♪ ♪ woo hoo hoo, it's all been done ♪ ♪ woo hoo hoo, it's all been done ♪ ♪ woo hoo hoo, it's all been do-o-one ♪ ♪ woo, it's all been done ♪ ♪ woo hoo hoo, it's all been done ♪ ♪ woo hoo hoo ♪ not your problem to solve, Erica. It's not your problem to solve. ♪ It's all been done before ♪ Jenny: Erica, oh my God. Oh my God. I came back, the paddock is open and the animals are all over the place. I know, Jenny, I have eyes. You have to help me round up the rest of the animals before Dahlia gets back. No, actually, Jenny, I don't. Erica, come on! This is your fault, it's not mine. So deal with it. Come on. (Sheep bleats) Go! Thanks. Adam: Hey there, Laura Ingles. (Horse nickers) Adam: Care for some company? Nice suspenders. (Chuckles) Yeah, they were all the rage back in 1854. What a great spot. Who knew that this was right in the middle of the city? Yeah, it's pretty peaceful usually, but, thanks to Jenny, all hell has broken loose. Yeah... So I gather. You know, when Hastings would bring in new recruits, we'd do a similar and scarier version of what you're trying to do with Jenny here. No better way of proving someone's mettle than by dropping them right into it. You made it through without getting killed or arrested, and you had what it takes. And if you didn't? Then... you didn't. So how do you think Jenny's gonna do? Erica: Well... Jenny's high and this place is huge, and there's dozens of animals that have escaped. So I'm pretty sure that she's not gonna make it through. Then I guess she won't. Well, then what is the point of this? What is this teaching Jenny or me? That she's a big screw up and I should just stand back and watch her crash and burn? I don't know. All I know is that there is a point to this; there always is. You'll figure it out, smart girl that you are. Well, thank you. I think I can take it from here. Erica. Yes? Adam: Hold on. Is everything else okay otherwise? I mean... are we good? Are we good? What're you... What're you talking about? I just don't want there to be any awkwardness between us. Because of... Well, there wasn't any... Until now. Seriously, it's fine. I mean, I was honest and... And you were honest, and it's no big deal. Okay? (Chickens squawk and cluck) Dahlia: As you well know, this is not the first time I've had to speak to you you're just lucky none of our animals made it out onto a road. Sorry. And where were you Erica when all this was going on? I was at the candle shop. I told you Jenny was screwing off and she wouldn't do anything about it. That's great. We've got Jenny, who abandons her post, and Erica, who does the minimum job required. Look, that's not true, and that's really unfair. - Really? - Really. Then it's unfair. Go, change out of those uniforms, leave them on my desk. We'll send you your last paycheque by mail. (Exhales, speechless) Don't, Erica. Okay? (Laughs, incredulous) Really?! (Half sobbed) Erica... Jenny, hey... What is it? My parents kicked me out. They heard why I got fired yesterday from Blackcreek and we got into huge fight, and now I have nowhere to go. Okay, look, hey... Come on in, sit down. Jenny: I'm so sorry for the way I treated you today, Erica. I was such a cow and you were just looking out for me, like you always do, and, and I didn't listen. Why don't I ever listen? I don't know. This was a wake-up call for me. Really... I got myself fired, but even worse, I got you fired, too. I don't care about the job, but I do care about you. I know, you always do. You are such a good friend. - Pfft... - No, really. I mean, who else would be taking this so well? Judith? If I got Judith fired, she would never speak to me again. Jenny... But you, you're so patient and generous, and... And our friendship means more to me than anything. I know I can always count on you. (Exhales) It's all gonna work out. We're gonna get through this. Maybe this is exactly what I needed. You know? I do. (Whoosh) (Camera snaps repeatedly) He's still so stiff. Photographer: Okay. Maybe we should take five and let Seth get some air. Yeah, I'm sorry, Julianne, Erica. (Awkward murmurs of acceptance) It's fine. You just need to, you know, just loosen up a bit and shake it out. Okay. Yeah, um, I'm... I'm gonna go get some air, maybe that'll help. I'll be back in a minute. Julianne: Okay, we'll be right here. (Moans) It's gonna be a long day. (Camera shutter clicks) I guess he's gotten a bit better? (Shutter clicks) To be honest, I can't tell anymore. Okay, I've settled everything with the photographer. He's gonna email you a link to the proofs tonight. And once we're done here, he's gonna pack up everything and our first photo shoot c'est fini! Okey-dokey. So what? We're looking at here, like another hour to go? Probably. Yeah. (Expectant murmur) Was there something else? Yes, and if this is a problem, I totally get it, but... Since everything is done on my end, and all that's left to do is oversee what the photographer's actually shooting, which is, you know, really your thing... You wanna go. You have plans? I wouldn't even ask this, but... Yes, I do. A date. Julianne: Oh! Well, Jenny, I... I think that you should do what you think you should do. Okay! Well, thanks. (Julianne laughs, office door shuts) Yeah... So we're still standing here and our employee has gone off to have a life. You don't see the problem with that? No, trust me, I do. (Exhales) Well, we can use the time to talk about "The Fixer Upper." Actually, um... I'm only halfway through it. If you lie to me, I'm gonna turn you to stone, okay? Okay... Did Jenny organize this photo shoot or did you? (Murmuring and squeaking) I helped her just a bit. No, you did all the work, and because of that you didn't read one of the most "coolio" concepts that I have read in a very long time. One that is slipping through our fingers. And I promise you that I will, if I have to stay up all night, I will finish it. Okay? Okay... But I thought hiring Jenny was supposed to make our lives easier. Ew. He's sweating. Again. Hey. This is me, living the dream... (Fan whirs) Jenny: Hi! Sorry I'm late. I got held up at work. But I am here now. Not a problem. Can I get you a drink? Um... I'd love a mojito. Please bring the lady a mojito. Make it a double. Mmm! So I'm standing there, thinking that this paparazzo's talking to me, asking me about the new Dolce summer collection. I say some nonsense back - I mean, what do I know about fashion, right? Then I hear this throat clearing, I turn around... And there's Madonna, standing right behind me. Madge? The material girl? No! Yeah. She was actually a total sweetheart about it. Mmm. I bet you meet a lot of celebrities, in your line of work. Mm... mm-mm. Thank you. Uh, no. Actually, I meet a lot of delivery men and bike couriers. I would've thought... What kind of books do you guys publish, anyway? Mm, nothing yet. Our first book, "The Purple Door," about a guy who grew up in a cult, is coming out soon. That's it? Just one book? Well, we're editing about 10 different titles, in various stages. Do you get to read them? One of the perks of the job. Ahh... What's your favourite of the bunch? Well, I'm not allowed to have an opinion, I'm just the assistant. For now. I bet, before you know it, you'll be snapping your fingers, calling all the shots. You'll be all Devil Wears Prada. Mmm... You like "Devil Wears Prada"? My ex, she did. Had to watch that movie, like, 15 times. Bo-ring. So, this is top secret, and you didn't hear it from me, but... We just had a new title pitched to us. A how-to home Reno and dating guide. That sounds fascinating. How would a book like that work, exactly? (Exhales in disbelief) If Seth freezes up like that for the reading...? I mean, what do you think was wrong with him? I think that he's afraid. I mean, he's putting everything out there - all of his triumphs, all of his demons. He's terrified. And, you know, I think about how far he's come and what a dream he is to work with. Rewrite after rewrite, no complaints. And then there's Jenny, who can't make it through a photo shoot. I know, I know. What are we gonna do about her? Well, you know, we just talk to her and make it clear that if she screws up again, that's it. Or maybe "that's it" should be now. (Exhales, reluctant) Ivan: Okay, you two either need a caffeine drip, or a whole lotta liquor. Julianne: Ooh, option number two, please. Drinks, and some menus, please. I'm starving. Look, I'll be right back. Thanks, Ivan. Um, so I've been meaning to ask you. Ooh. Oh. Have you told Dave about us, when you... Felt you up? Tst-tst! Uh, no, I didn't tell him. Did you? No, no. I told no one. Okay. Let's keep it that way. Dave's kinda scary when he's jealous. Gotcha. Um, in that case, we will have two margaritas, extra strong. Love you. Love you back. Oh. As a friend. Jenny: I could get into so much trouble for this. And this is where the magic happens. Brent: It's smaller than I imagined. Jenny: Oh... (Giggles) "The Fixer Upper." Catchy title. That's the one I was telling you about, but it's not for your eyes. Come on, can't I just read one page? No. (Erica's cell rings) Oh... That's the photographer - he's sent us the link. (Excited gasp) Great. Do you wanna look now? (Anxious squeals) Ivan, watch our drinks. We'll brb. Thanks. Oh... I'm nervous. Jenny: (Moans) Oh my God! Brent?! Brent: Well, isn't this awkward. Love the new digs. So rustic. What's going on here? Get out of here. Ta-ta! Erica... I think that you should go. I'm so sorry, but I'm confused. You know Brad? Yes, Jenny, we know him. Just go. Seth: Jonestown, Waco, and for me, home. I was born there; I was supposed to die there. It was everything I'd ever known. Until that fateful day when I opened the one door that separated me from the real world - The Purple Door. Thanks. (Crowd applauds) I'm sorry, Jules, Frank Galvin called me himself and there's no way you could've met his offer. Well, we could have tried, Will. Jules, come on... And look, I promise, I have no idea how River Rock got their hands on the manuscript. I know. I know. Anyway, it's our fault for not getting back to you yesterday. Are you sure there's not even a teeny tiny little... I bagged a six-figure deal at River Rock for an untested author. Well, good for your client. That book will make him and you a whole lotta money. We'll work on something, soon. And "The Purple Door," that's gonna be a huge hit. I can feel it. - Cheers. - Yeah, cheers. (Glasses clink) Judith: I mean, have you talked to her? No. No. - Have you? - Yeah, and she feels awful. Jenny made an incredibly stupid mistake, which is typical of her, okay, but still, it's still just a mistake. Jude, you know, she didn't just hurt me. All right? She hurt Julianne and our business. Will: Hey! Erica: Will! Hey! I hope I'm not interrupting? No, not at all. Look, I'm gonna go and check in on Seth, but, um... Let you two catch up. Okay. You know, running into you the other night was the last thing I expected. I know. Yeah. You haven't changed at all. Well, that's not necessarily a good thing. I used to dress like a reject from Electric Circus. You've changed though. I'm old. Stop it. No, you... You look great. So, your wife, is, uh... Is she here tonight? No. No, she doesn't really like industry events. - Ah. - Your husband? Uh, no, he's home. He's home. It's my night out. Hm. Well then, we better make the most of it. Can I get you a drink? Please. Erica: Mm. Thanks, Seth. That was great. Seth: Thank you so much. Julianne: Oh, it was fantastic. Seth: Good night. 'Night. That went pretty well, I think. I think so, too. Finally, some good news, huh? Yeah. Come. Erica: So. Firing one of my best friends makes this a serious contender for one of the worst things I've ever had to do. Well, I'd argue that Jenny fired herself, through her own actions. It is always- it's the same story. Jenny finds something good; Jenny messes it up. Do you know how many times that I've been through this with her? "And I saw Sisyphus, seeking to raise a monstrous stone with both his hands. Verily he would thrust the stone toward the crest of a hill, but the weight would turn it back, and then down again to the plain would come rolling the ruthless stone." Homer, the Odyssey. You're saying that, Jenny, she's like Sisyphus; she keeps repeating the same patterns, over and over. Jenny... And you, Erica. Me? You're Sisyphus, and Jenny is your stone, and the mountain is your friendship. And at some point, you've either got to get that rock over the top, or... You've got to let it go. Erica: But Jenny, she's one of my oldest friends. So? So, you don't... You don't just throw away a friendship. (Chair creaks) But is a friendship supposed to feel like a mountain? Like a chore? That's... It's just Jenny, you know? It's... It's the way tt t she is. And this is the way that you are: Jenny screws up and you save the day; she feels grateful and you feel needed... Over and over and over again. That's not true. No? Mm, the baby shower. Uh, Taipei. The high school dance from our our very first session together. Now that was Katie that got drunk. Yeah, but Jenny's the one who left her - and you - in that bathroom, leaving you to clean up the mess. Ask yourself, Erica, what is it exactly that you get out of this friendship? (Traffic whirs) Can I come in? (Keys jangle) How was the reading? It went well. That's great. It's such an amazing book. Erica, I had no idea who Brent was. No, I know. I would never do anything on purpose to hurt you or your business. Why do I ruin everything? I don't know, but you do... Over and over. And I wanna change that, Erica. Really, I know... I know that I've said it before, but after all of this, I really mean it this time. What do you want me to say, Jenny? That you forgive me, that we're still friends. This is really hard for me because I love you, and because we share a history... And that's why I keep trying with you. But there comes a point where you have to, you know, you have to stop and you have to ask yourself if it's worth it, and... And if what we have can even be called a friendship. Erica, don't... Don't say that. No, I have to say it, because it's the truth. We're not little kids, we're not teenagers. You know, things have evolved. And it's gotten to the point where I'm not sure... I'm not sure if this friendship is healthy or useful for either of us. I feel like you're breaking up with me. I feel that too. And the hardest part is that I know that you didn't mean to hurt me. Of course I didn't. But you did. Jenny, you did. And this time, I can't... I can't fix it for you and I can't make you feel better and I can't make myself feel better by helping you. Okay. (Exhales) I think I'm gonna go. Okay. (Door closes) Erica: Friendship: It begins when two people choose each other. But what happens when we outgrow the choice? When, little by little, our paths diverge, our needs change, and one day we wake up and realize that we need to choose something different. == sync, corrected by elderman == == for www.addic7ed.com == 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 