Being Erica: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Being Erica 
 s2e2 - Battle Royale - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Being Erica (2009–2011): Season 2, Episode 2 - Battle Royale - full transcript 
 Erica and Ethan's relationship hits a rough patch. They have been arguing a lot without Erica really knowing why. In turn, Ethan seems to be running away from her without telling her of that fact. This relationship is becoming reminiscent of Erica's previous relationship with Malcolm Abrams. Once her best friend during their senior year when they were both camp counselors, the two became romantic after which he suddenly broke up with her. The break up caused a war of one-upsmanship which Erica eventually lost. The second time around, Erica vows not to play these games with Malcolm after the break up, regardless of why he did it. However, she can't hide her disdain and her need to get back at him once the games start happening again. But when she learns the reason for the break-up, she realizes that none of this would have happened the first time around if they just talked. Dr. Tom also convinces her that perhaps the current non-communication with Ethan is a two-way street despite she believing she has been totally honest with him. Meanwhile, Josh makes a unilateral decision in his and Sam's life. Brent takes a bold step in his professional life at River Rock. And Erica decides to speak to Kai the barista about what she thinks she saw at the coffee house. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Being Erica" I don't care if you're not the perfect therapist. You are the right therapist for me. Our biggest title is going to be A sex book. And the lucky editor:Erica Strange Me? Congratulations! You know I was trying to make this work but then you go I go and I what Clair? I didn't do anything you didn't do first. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh fine you finally gt him,only took you 10 years. Tonight is all about how great things are. To a fresh start. Can I get you another one? With a little bit of vanilla sirop? Just a sec. Oh you know what,don't worry about it,it's... Fighting,it's like eating,sleeping,breathing. We all do it. Just in our own way. Some say that the success in relationships hides in on how we resolve conflict. Like it or not, how we fight matters. What re you doing? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm gonna lick your eye-ball. Oh my God no,not the eye-ball. Oh God,You're dead! Don't even,don't. Do not,do not Give me a condom. What we used the last one this morning. What? Yea. No! It's almost 9 and I have to get up really early. Sorry. You always have to get up early. Oh wait! Wait don't move. I got you something. Really? What is it? Well,you know how you always have to rush home To shower and shave Now you don't have to. Hey. Isn't it cute? Thanks. And I was thinking that you should get some clothes here. I have room in the closet. I mean,it definitely doesn't look like it but Sounds like moving in. Well,I mean if you think about it It doesn't actually make sense for you to be paying rent next door Now,when you're spending every night here. What's wrong? The toothbrush's too small? No,no it's great,thanks it's just that You're right it doesn't make sense that I never sleep at home. Maybe I should sometime. Are you serious? Hey,it's not like I don't like sleeping here. Oh ok,you don't have to explain yourself to me. I'm not gonna stop you from sleeping at your place. If you want to you should. Tonight even. Erica. What? Why are you making this such a big thing? I'm sorry. I'm not,I Really,Ethan I'm just I'm just tired and being dumb. It's totally fine. We're good? Yea. Totally. Ok good I'm gonna jump in the shower. Confilct and relationships,they go hand in hand. Too bad that the most of as will do almost anything to avoid confrontation. [Being Erica S02E02] [Subs by Nafsika] Hey where did you go this morning? Oh I had to go to the bank and now I'm running late. Can I call you later? Sure you know that it's Sam's birthday tonight,right? Oh that's tonight? You didn't make any plans? Well I was gonna see Michael for drinks it's fine I'll cancel. What time do you want me to meet you there,it's at your mom's right? Meet me there?Well I thought that... Never mind,7 o'clock? Great,see you tonight. Bye. Well,here sir. Excuse me? Yea what can I get ya? Ah just a latte,a small latte. Small latte. I don't think we've officially met,I'm Erica. Oh hi,I'm Kye. Kye?That's a cool name. Thank you. You don't remember me do you? I was the vanilla sirop girl? I ordered latte and then you went to the supply closet to get the sirop and I'm just wondering,what you were doing in there? I mean I'm not wondering I think I that know what you were doing. Because I do it too. Here's your latte pay at the cash. Kye have you ever been in therapy? Hey,you want a...? Um sorry. Excuse me. Yes how much is the coffee? Ah 2,50. Poor Brent. No kidding. He is in a serious funk. 20 bucks that he either quits or he gets fired. Now don't day that! He just needs a little time. He really wanted this book. Brent at my office,please Oh speaking up, Julianne wanted me to set up a meeting with some high-profile raters. Drinks in the evenings,a little chit-chat,tonight works. No I can't do it tonight can you make it tomorrow? What you got plans with the BF? Actually my mom,she's throwing this party for my sister at 2:30,Ethan's coming. As your date~ Righteous~ Yea it kind of is. I mean it's the first big family thing that he's coming to. As my boyfriend. Aww cute. Ok what's the deal with you? I'm sorry? Brent,we're adults here I think we should be able to have a frank conversation about this. I honestly have no idea what you're talking about. Hello? The sex book. You're uspet,I get it. No,I'm not upset. I'm fine. You are a good editor. But your last book was late. And frankly, kinda lacked lester. You need to step up your game You gotta get back on top. Ok. Ok? That's it? I will do my best to step it up. I apologize for disapointing you. Fine. Go. Thank you. Hey sweetie. Hey mum. Hi honey. Hey dad! Where's Ethan? I don't know he was supposed to be here. Hey chief. -Glad you could make it. -Nice to see ya. What took you so long? Oh well,traffic was terrible,I'm sorry. I am so happy for you,honestly When your mother told me I thought "How perfect is that?" Oh thanks aunt Ruberta. Ruberty you better not be asking about marriage. Speaking of marriage, I'm planning a cruise to Alaska next summer And I don't want to miss anything. I'll be sure to give you loads of advance notice. Oh that's just great! Your parents better hope that a comes out of gucci,kids. Get used to it! 'Cause there gonna be our little ones running around in a couple of years. If our kids act like that,they're gonna be kept on a leash. They are gonna be so cute with blond hair and green eyes. You know I'm gonna take a couple of years off and... Mum will babysit whenever we need her to, find a bigger house with a nice back yard You ok? Yea. Oh thanks. Stop it! It's a disaster he doesn't want children and she does. Divorce. That's terrible. Yea,it's awful. That's why I think that you, you have to talk about these things before you get married. Something went down the wrong way. Oh,are you ok? Yea. He's so handsome. He's darling. I know. Ethan? Hey,where have you been? You went to the bathroom like a half an hour ago. Oh,I just needed some air. Everyone! I need your attention ' We're gonna take a picture of the family So I need everyone to gather over here,please. So,you just left without telling me? I don't think I need to tell you everytime I leave the room. Ethan! Ethan why don't you come around here,sweetheart? And Joss you're next to Sam who's in the middle. Good. You know,you should be in the picture Barb. I'll take it I don't mind. No no no it's on a time running. No,let him take it. I'm serious if he doesn't want to be in the picture. Maybe he needs some air. I didn't realise you had a time running,I was just trying to help. I'm sorry. You think it's tough dating a Strange? Try marrying one. Is everybody ready? Ready mum,just take the picture. -Ready. -Ok. One Two Three Cheese! Can I talk to you? What is your problem? I don't have a problem. Yes you do. I don't see why you have to make a big deal out of everything. Oh I'm making a big deal? You shock through every conversation and then you gone missing for half an hour. And now you're bailing on a simple picture? I mean,honestly,Ethan if being my boyfriend is such a burden You're being ridiculous. I am not! Do you even wanna be in this relationship? 'Cause you sure as hell are not acting like it! That's great! Help will you please tell me Why my boyfriend is being a passive agressive insensitive of game playing? "Ah the course of true love never did run smooth"-William Shakespeare -What? -Nothing. Just,it's good to be back here. Anyway. Ethan. Well everytime he doesn't like something he runs away. I mean it's impossible to communicate when the other person is constantly Oh so that's what you're trying to do there? Communicate? Yes! Obviously! Hm Ah!Malcom Abram's camp wakini. Malcom?I haven't seen that guy in years. Well he was your best friend. Until he turned into satan! Wow that sounds familiar,doesn't it? Malcom and I,we met at a camp we came when we were kids. We would spend hours talking,sitting on the docks. At senior year it started off great, He'd smuggle some weed into camp and I used to tease him about it 'Cause he was so not the type. And we'd sneak off the woods and get high and laugh and tell our stomaches hurt It didn't take long for our relationship to turn romantic. That's when it all fell apart. How? I don't really know. I thought it was going really well but then Out of the blue he dumped me. No explanation. And the next day he hooked up with some 14 year-old,Rachel Zemomern. I mean overnight he changed,he wouldn't even talk to me. So to get back at him I kind of called him a cradle robber. -Creative. -Yeap. I was pretty pleased with myself. Until he framed me. He framed you? He planted his discman,his boxer shorts,a lock of his hair In my stuff and then he told everyone that he'd been robbed and that it must be a stalker so When they searched my cab and founded all. I was sent home. And I was labeled a thief. And the next day I was asked to pick up my stuff. Still bothers me today. How he could just turn on me like that. How overnight he could go from being my best friend to my worst enemy. And this time? I'd rather just ignore him. I provoked him with the flag and it got me kicked out,it wasn't worth it. If I could re-write my history I would just enjoy the summer. Hung out with my friends,pretend that Malcom Abrams didn't exist. Erica what the hell? Ah shoot! Seriously,I can't believe I wasted an hour of our period on that flag! Oh my God!Airband,I forgot about Airband. So what happened? Did you guys get caught? Nope sweet personality girl,chickened out. No,I didn't chicken out I just changed my mind. But why? Because getting into a public war with Malcom Abrams, It's not a good idea,I'd rather just ignore him. You know what he's saying about you,right? I don't really care what he's saying about me. He's calling you crazy,he's telling everyone you're a stalker. That you started balling when he dumped you. That you threatened to kill yourself. What?! Hey,I didn't say that! See,he's an asshole. An asshole who's ruining our reputation. He needs a taste of his own medicine. He dumped you for 14 year-old Rachel Zemomern. She's a baby. Oh my God!We should so stuff his bed with diapers! Oh my God!Hilarious! No! We are ignoring Malcom Abrams ok? He's not worth it,I don't care what he says or does We do not retaliate. He's my ex,I get to decide. Fine. Fine. So who's ready to dance? There coming. Wow!Rachel! She really is young,isn't she? Oh the poor thing she's scared. I'd be too,if I were her. Go make a crack! What are you talking about? You guys! I am gonna talk to her. What? Why? I'm just gonna tell her that you know there's no hurt feelings. Hey! Rachel,hi! Hi. Look I just wanted to say that Hey Rachel! Rachel! What did she say to you? Nothing. She said hello. Malcom what is your damage? Dude,chill,you're acting psycho. She's trynna say shit about me. Actually,I think you are the one making tha shit talking. Judith,please. Malcom's an asshole,I can't believe you're letting him talk to you like that. Sorry,just ask yourself what would the Buda do? You are not funny. I'm not trying to be funny you guys,I'm just Trynna avoid war. Ok you guys,Bristwin's over,Airband starts in 15',alright? Come on you guys,let's go,let's go. Hey. What the hell was that? So Erica was talking to Rachel,so what? That girl is obssesed with me,she's crazy. Oh Erica's obssesed with me. Erica's a stalker buhuhu. It's all a bunch of bullshit,she didn't even look at you. Ok you obviously have a thing for my sloppy segment. And you obviously have a thing for dumb 14 year-old. Just shut up! Ok man? You are a virgin and I have a girlfriend with no gag reflects. Look,I don't know what you are so afraid of man. What do you think you're gonna do? Compare notes? Talk about how small your dick is? Sorry! Next time you're on tape duty no offense but No I know,I totally suck. Erica? What? Look,the summer is too short to be spending a fight with you so Retruse? Um yea... I mean ok,definitely! Cool. Cool. Alright,up next we have the senior boys with McHammer's "Can't Touch This" You'll stick around for the show,right? Ok. What's up? Nothing I just have to check on something I'll be right back,ok? Ok! Hello there! Beautiful day for an Airband. Oh,you don't look happy. He did it again that little shhit! Calls retruse and then he stabs me in the back. Strange,I wonder why he did that. Because he's crazy! Jenny and Sarah were right I've been doing this all wrong it's like It's like he's an animal,he senses my weakness and then goes for the jugular. I need to fight back. You know,Martin Luther King said returning violence with violence only multiplies violence. No,I'm sorry but there is a flaud on that theory. Oh well,Dr.King got it wrong I guess. Well,please,enlighten me. The cycle of violence continuous only until someone wins. I didn't get kick out last time because I fought back I got kicked out because I didn't go far enough. I lost. This time I am gonna win. I stay and he goes! So the solution is winning then. Yes. Yes it is,because I've done everything else so if there is an other option please,feel free. But I don't see it. Malcom will not stop until I am kicked out. You can through your riddles at me all you want. Honestly,I'm getting to the point where I don't care. One of us has to go and this time it's not gonna be me. Ok! He's going down! I am a dancer! You haven't even seen me there. So,who are you sharing your tent with? I don't know probably Jenny... Cool,yea I'm sharing with Malcom. Yea I don't know since you guys broke up he's been kinda Weird. He was always a little bit paranoid,you know? Yea no kiddin'. Now he's paranoid and mean. I don't know what happened to him. Yo Biz we're gonna get going or are you gonna sit around drilling over me ex all day? Girls!Start packing up the kanoes. Come on Guys. Malcom? Can I talk to you for a second? This morning I received an anonymous note said that you've got drugs in your cabin. Is that true? No. I'm telling you it's not true. If we find anything You are on the first bus home. You got it? I bet it has something to do with Rachel. She looked like she was crying this morning. Yea,her eyes were kinda puppy. Erica. Can I talk to you? Alone? Grab your pack. Nice try but you thing I'm stupid enough to keep drugs in my cabin? Fine! So what is this? You're just rubbing it in my face? Is that the whole point of this conversation? No,I just think we should agree to stay away from each other. Malcom,you're the one to call retruse and broke it. So forget it! I don't trust anything you say. You drived me to the point where I'm acting like you,it's disgusting. Oh that's funny I'm the problem and you are totally innocent. Yes,I am! Oh that's great! What did I do to you? Nothing,you're perfect! That's great,I can't believe I was ever friends with you. Oh well there's something we can at least agree on. Where is everybody? "Little Joe". "Little Joe"?It supposed to be "Smoke"! We're at the wrong lake. Shit! This is so retarted! We just missed the sign alright? We double back and we find it in th path,don't be worried. Hey,I'm not worried! "Big Joe Lake". What!? Damn it! I can't carry this pack anymore. You know,if we just waited out they're gonna realise that we're lost And they'll sent a troop to find us. You wanna? What are you doing? Well,it's getting dark out soon and if they don't find us We may have to spend the night. So I am gonna set a tent. Well,you're doing it wrong! Well,then help me! Just Give me this. Give me this. Can I do something? Go look for firewood. Wait a second,I'll come with you. No,it's ok I got it. No,you shouldn't go by yourself just wait for me! What are you afraid of? I'm gonna wack myself in the face with a branch? There are bears in the woods. And if we meet one you're gonna what? Fight it off me? If I have to. Oh that's noble! Especially considering you spent the last weeks Trynna to get rid of me! Yea,get rid of you not kill you. What was that? Very funny. Shhh It's a racoon. No,that's not a racoon,that's bigger than a racoon. Oh my God! It's a bear! It's not a bear. Run! Oh my God! Oh my God! It's following us! Hi Bambi! -I'm such an idiot. -You always do this. Remember the bat? Yeap,I broke the cabin door because of that bat. Yea the tree frog,you're running so fast you tripped on the route. It was a very scary frog,it was a fast-hopper,it was chasing me. If it've been there I'd have protected you. I know. You always did take me seriously. Even when,I get all crazy. I don't get it Malcom How do we go from spending every day together to hating each other? Yea,it sucks. It really does. And right now,I'm looking at you and I'm thinking hey!there he is! There's the guy who used to be my best friend. I really missed that guy. I just wanna know why it all fell apart. Don't you think we should talk about it? Yea,we could,exept I'm so thirsty right now. Can barely form sentences. Hey well Why don't I get us some delicious LG flavored lake water. Well if you like warm fish water You will love this. Oh Wow! -What are you doing? -Don't talk,let's just start over. I wasn't ready Now I am. I wanna do this. Ok but what about Rachel? I don't want Rachel,I want you. Um Malcom, Malcom. I thought that you wanted this. Yea,no I just want to talk. Forget talking. Your hands are shaking. Get off of me! Oh my God I'm so sorry. You're sorry? I don't uh... I can't. You can't, You can't what? One minute you're my friend then you become this monster! I know. It's like you can't decide wether you like me or Wether I repulse you. You have any idea what that's like? To feel like your disgusting? That is why I tries to pretend like you didn't exist. That is why I tried to destroy you. Because I was so,so so hurt. Malcom. It's not you,there's nothing wrong with you. It's me. I just What? I'm gay. Oh You tell anybody,I swear to God No,I would never. You must think I'm a freak. No Not at all. I just wished that you would have told me before and then Nothing of this would've happened. Why didn't you tell me? Why didn't I tell you? Why didn't I walk around naked? Why didn't I tell you the one thing you could use to wreck my whole life? Stupid question,I'm sorry. Oh God,it's just it all makes sense. Finally,oh my God. Malcom,I can only imagine how hard that was for you to tell me. But please trust me. I am the last person that will betray you. Or judge you and I mean,my uncle Ruby,he's gay. I kissed a girl once. I did. It was good too. You know who else is gay? Brandon that guy from your cabin. Brandon is not gay. Maybe not now but give him 10 years. I can't believe I'm talking to you about this. Hey,it's better than not talking about it. Believe me. -You know you should go for Brandon. -Erica! What,he's totally hot! Sorry,is this too much? Yea. Look,a konoe. Hey!You guys! You guys! We're over here! You guys are retarded. Can't you read the signs the whole camp's looking for you. Sorry we just We got a little distracted. Are you guys back together? You could say that. Yeap,we're all good. Come on. Let's go. Was that really necessary? Beautiful night for a walk. I need to go talk to Ethan. Oh talk to Ethan. Now there's a noble idea. It's unbelievable,my friendship with Malcom ended because we We never talked about what was going on. And the thing that kills me is that it's so simple Why didn't I just ask Malcom what was going on with him? Why did I let it escalate to this fallon war? Because. Do you know that talking Is a means of resolving conflict It actually goes against every biological instinct that we have. You know we feel threatened and so we fight. Or if we don't have the stomach for that,we run. Like Ethan. Yea Ethan ran,Malcom attacked. Different strokes. I thought Malcom was different though 'cause he had a secret. Well you think he's the only one? What does that mean? You know Erica,sometimes we fight Simply because we are unable to tell the other person how we really feel. Are you talking about me? Because I've always been completely honest with Ethan. You're sure about that? Well good. As long as you're sure. Goodnight. Oh I'm exhausted. It's funny I'm not tired at all. Could be because I'm ovulating. What is that supposed to turn me on? I'm just saying,if you want. What I want Is to give you your birthday present. What is this? Oh my God,tickets to London? -We're going to London? -We are. We are. I got some big news. They want to make me senior VP At the UK office. I'm sorry,you wanna move there? Babe,this is a huge oportunity. I thought you'd be happy. I am but ah London's really far I mean what about the house and my job? We'll sell the house you wanted a biger one anyway. You'll get a staff job at some London hospital. It's a big promotion. It's gigantic. London. Wow Wow,are we burning the midnight oil? Whatever it takes to get things done. Well,if you keep up at this pace and who knows? Next best seller might be yours. Ciao,ciao don't stay up too late. Ok Ethan? Ethan? Hey. Hi. How are you? Bad. I'm worried. Upset. I feel like I don't know what you're thinking or where your head's at. Yea,I'm trying to figure that out myself. It feels like we keep having the same fight but we don't talk about it. And I don't know what's going on. Ok I feel trapt. Ok I mean the toilet tool bag,all the talk about me sleeping over Your family,it's like all this pressure all these expectations that I don't want. That I'm not ready for and you keep pushing me. Look,we've only been together for a few weeks. -And you're acting like -I'm ready to get married? Yea. What sad about? I don't know. Hey Well,that's not true,I do know. But I don't want to tell you. Ok Why? Because Wow well this is really hard. Because I feel like if this doesn't work out,with you I really am never gonna find anyone. Erica And I've been waiting a really long time to meet the right person. And then sometimes I'm worried that The reason is taking me so long is because there's something wrong with me. Hey,hey There is nothing wrong with you. I love you and I wanna be with you. But I don't know if I'm gonna marry you. It's too soon. It's ok. Keep going. I just,I need to take things more slowly. Ok. I know,I mean that makes sense. It's just this whole thing It's irrational and stupid insecurity And when you freaked out you climb up. I know. And then I get paranoid and that makes me act even crazier. Wow I get it now. What? Why people don't talk to each other. This is really intense. Hey Come here. Conflict. It's everywhere you look. It touches everything we do. Every relationship we have. Isn't it funny how at their core All fights are the same. Two people yelling or accusing or running away. Two people doing anything To avoid telling each other what they really feel. Just talk when you wanna run. Reveal when you wanna attack,it's so simple. So obvious. And at the same time So incredibly hard. Good morning! Yea. Kye,I got to tell you something And I know that it's gonna sound crazy Just I know ok,I know what you're gonna tell me. You do. Some guy came up to me at the street one day Told me he could fix my life All he needed was a commitment. I can't believe this. Does he sent you back in time? Yea. Oh my God! What are the chances Because I saw you go through that door and I knew that what I was seeing it could only mean that What's your name? I'm sorry,remind me? Oh it's Erica. Erica? I'm so happy to finally meet someone who's going through the same thing Someone to just talk about -This all with another person that has been there and -Erica,Erica Don't take this the wrong way but that's not gonna be me. What? I don't wanna talk to you about time travelling or therapy or any of it. I'm happy to chat but about vanilla sirop. Or Tv shows or religion or politics you name it. But I don't understand. I know and you're not going to understand. But I wanted to stop you before you got too excited. See ya around. No. Kye It's nothing personal. Really. www.tvsubtitles.net 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 