Flipper: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flipper 
 s1e5 - City Boy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flipper (1964–1967): Season 1, Episode 5 - City Boy - full transcript 
 Mike Belden gets to spend some time with the Ricks family, after his mother remarries and heads out for a honeymoon. As a city boy he struggles to adapt to the lifestyle of the Florida Keys. He is concerned about his mother remarrying and seems on a path of self destruction, first crashing a speedboat then disobeying diving instructions. Ultimately he talks Sandy into diving a dangerous wreck, where they become trapped and only the quick thinking flipper alerts Sandy's father and the boys are saved just as their air runs out 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Think you're pretty good dontcha? Think you're ready for the major leagues huh? Yeah, well let's see you get this one. Here boy, come on, come on again. Come on Flipper, come on boy, up. Come on. Come on Flipper, here boy, come on. Jump Flipper, jump! - All you crackers down here get your kicks by talking to fish? - Flipper's our pet, and besides 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 when you talk to him he answers back. Come on boy. - If you can do it it can't be too hard. Chow time, come and get it blubber-head. Where's your sense of humor, redneck? - Haha, where's your sense of humor, city boy? Cut it out! - More coffee anyone? - No thanks. You know my bringing Amy down here to the place where she met Mike's father probably isn't the brightest thing I've ever done. - Don't be silly Sam, it's just a fine place to start our honeymoon, that's all. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - It's the best. - Say Amy, our plane leaves in less than two hours, maybe we oughta get organized. - Yes. Now you're sure you don't mind my leaving Mike with you? - Not at all, it'll give me a chance to get to know him. - Where you going Dad? - Down to the dock Bud, I want Mr. And Mrs. Field to meet Sandy and Flipper, and they have to say goodbye to Mike. - I guess Sandy's okay, but wait til you see Flipper, you'll love him. - Spoken like a true kid brother. - Sandy should be a good influence, heaven knows I'd like to see a change for the better in Mike, it hasn't been easy since his father died. - Well I can sympathize with you, being both mother and father. - Dad, Dad, hey Dad! Come on Sandy, hit him Sandy! - Alright you guys, come on knock it off! Come on, up and out. - Oh this is terrible. Oh Michael. - Alright let me handle this Amy. Alright alright now who started this? Well? - I guess I did. - Oh Michael, how could you? I'm sorry Po, leaving here is impossible of course. - Is this the guy who was supposed to stay with us? - Not was, is. I want you two to shake hands, go ahead. - It's okay with me. - Okay, let's get some dry clothes on. We'd better get going or you're going to go to the airport without your luggage. - Mike? - It's okay mom, see you when you get back. - If you're sure. - Sure I'm sure, now get going. - Goodbye son. You know how to reach me if you need me, the cable will do it. - Yeah, thanks. ♫ They call him Flipper, Flipper, faster than lightning, ♫ No-one you see, is smarter than he, ♫ And we know Flipper, lives in a world full of wonder, ♫ Flying there-under, under the sea! - Good morning sports fans. - Hi Mike. - Hey Sandy, there's a carnival in town and it might be good for some laughs. Let's cut out. - I can't. - Why not, you're not chained to that crazy canoe are you? - They're chores Mike, they gotta be done. - So let the kid do them. Here, you're rich. Do a good job here and we may move you up to the Queen Mary. Let's go. Well come on, let's see if we can find some action. - Do you mind Bud, just this once? - Well if you really wanna go. - Okay then, see you later. - Hi Dad. - Good evening, gentlemen. Did you have a good time? - Oh it was okay, kind of cornball but relaxing. - Yeah Dad a guy has to relax once in awhile. - I didn't realize you'd been under that much tension. Mike why don't you go ahead and wash up, I'd like a word with Sandy. - See what I won Dad? - Well that's very nice. - I think I'll give it to Bud, I figure he'll get a kick out of it. - Not tonight he won't. Bud's in bed, he was too tired to eat dinner after doing your job and his own too. - Oh. - Yeah. - Well he wasn't chained to that crazy canoe. - Crazy canoe? No he wasn't chained to it any more than you were, but somewhere along the line Bud's learned the meaning of the word responsibility. - I'm sorry Dad. - You know Sandy, I've been bragging about your good sense and your good character, but I guess I haven't done as good a job bringing you up as I thought. - It's not your fault Dad, it won't happen again. - Okay, let's have dinner. - Hey man, who owns that monster? - Jake Darman, he's a pilot in the New York Miami run. We're keeping an eye on it for him while he's in New York. - Hey, just like a real pilot. - What are you doing? - Cool it man, I'm just looking around. Hey what's this? - It's the starter, you just push the button. - And here's the throttle, the rest of it's just like driving a car. - Mike, don't play with it, come back here! - I'm sorry Mr. Ricks, I really am. - Well you should be. You almost killed yourself today. You broke every rule of common sense and safety in the book. Now why did you do it Mike? - I thought I'd try it for kicks. - Oh for kicks. How do you think your mother woulda felt if you killed yourself today? - She'd have gotten over it. - Never, believe me on that. - She got over my father's dying pretty good. - Oh, that's what's bugging you. - She's got what she wants and I'm only in the way, that's all. - No, that's not true. - Oh, isn't it? If If I died or disappeared they'd have it made. - Now look, Sam is trying to be a father to you, but you're not giving him much of a chance. - Oh who needs him. - Well you do as a matter of fact. Every boy needs a father. And a mother. - Yeah, sure. - Look, you're looking for kicks, why don't we try a little scuba diving? - What's scuba, some kind of fish? - No, it's self-contained underwater breathing apparatus, Sandy's very good at it, maybe you'd like it. - Maybe. - Now this tank, it contains 30 minutes of breathing air, that's tops. The deeper you go, and the more energy you expend, the more air you're going to use. You understand? - Yes sir, that means I have to keep checking my wristwatch regularly, right? - That's right. Alright if you guys are ready, let's do it. - I can just picture my stepfather down there. He's afraid of the water, hardly even knows how to swim. - There are all kinds of nerve Mike, some men that we consider brave are merely stupid. Now Sam doesn't have to be a hero just for you does he? - I guess not. Mr. Ricks, we coming out again tomorrow morning? - Well I'll be busy in the morning Mike, but you and Sandy can go if you promise to be careful. - Great, okay if I take over the wheel for awhile? - Okay, it's all yours. - Really wild down there! - Hi boys, how'd it go today? - He did really well Dad. - That's great. - Went just fine. - Oh by the way, your folks are coming in this afternoon. - Today? - Yep, I'm going down to the hotel and pick em up. Then after that you're their problem. - Well, it was fun while it lasted. Sandy, what do you say we take one more trip below? - My dad wouldn't like it. - I promise you, we'll be back here before they return from the hotel. - I don't know. - It's my last chance, by tomorrow morning I'll be back in New York, and I've got to get another look at those bars of metal we saw in that wreck. - Mike, my dad says that the wrecks around here aren't full of treasure, they're full of traps. - I'm not saying they're gold or silver, but wouldn't it be a kick if they were? Mike Belden and Sandy Ricks, boy millionaires! - Boy, what an imagination. - Well, what do you say? Come on Sandy. - Okay, a farewell performance. - Great. - Oh that's a whole other story. Hi Bud, where's Mike? - Oh him and Sandy sneaked off. - Sneaked off, where? - Oh I don't know, they took the outboard, and Flipper went with them. They've been gone an awful long time though. - Did they take their diving gear? - Yes, dad. - Well they probably wanted one last fling together, it's no problem, I'll go find them. - Say, mind if I come along? - We'll all go. - Come on, Bud. - Look Dad, there's Flipper and he got something in his mouth! - There's something wrong. Go Flipper, take us to Sandy! There's the skiff. They're alive, they're trapped in the boat of a wreck, I'll have to call a coast guard to help them send out divers. - But is there time? - I don't know, maybe not, but I can't get them out alone. - Say, you got another set of that underwater stuff? I'm going back down there with you, maybe between the two of us we can do it. - There's not enough time to teach you how to use it. - There isn't enough time for anything else, start teaching. - Lead. Ballast. This is what you risked your life for. You wanted a hero didn't you? But take a real hard look at the bravest man you've ever seen. He was willing to give up his life to save yours. - It's alright son. Oh Flipper, I forgot, I'm sorry, I give you full credit. ♫ Everyone loves the king of the sea, ♫ Ever so kind and gentle is he ♫ Tricks he will do when children are near ♫ And how they love when he's near ♫ They called him Flipper, Flipper, faster than lightning, ♫ No one you see, is smarter than he, ♫ And we know Flipper lives in a world full of wonder, ♫ Flying there under, under the sea. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 