Flipper: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flipper 
 s1e4 - The Gulf Between - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flipper (1964–1967): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Gulf Between - full transcript 
 There's a woman hanging around dad. Sandy's happy for his dad because the woman is rich, but Bud is jealous. He fear his father will try to replace his mother and do something silly like get married again. Now Po must convince Bud that's not the case. But when a jealous Bud disobeys his father about getting home before the storm, his life is in danger. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Okay, Bud, my turn. - Hey, how bout a turn for ole dad? - Hey, keen, now we can play water polo. - I get Flipper. - I want dad. You and I can beat those two any day. - Ah, we'll give it the old college try, but we're playing against a pro. Kathryn. - Hello there. - Hi. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Hey dad, how bout our game? - I'll be right back. - That's what he said the last time she showed up, and he didn't get back til real late. - How do you know? - I waited up for him. - Why? - Why? Sandy, we gotta keep our eye on him. He's the only father we've got. - Hi. - Hi. This is a pleasant surprise. It's very pleasant. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Hey now, they must be going steady. - Dad doesn't look very steady. What a silly grin on his face. Come on Flipper, you and I will play. - Now wait a minute bud. Miss Terrance came to invite the whole family for dinner on Sunday. - Yeah? You mean at your Imperial Jade Apartments? I accept. - Wonderful Sandy. Not you Flipper, you're not part of the family. - Well, Bud, how bout it? - Let's start our game. - Bud, Miss Terrance has invited the family to dinner. - Thank you. Now can we start our game? - You're welcome, Bud. So, I'll see you all Sunday, around four? - Yes M'am. - Ah. That fish. - Kathryn, we're sorry. - He's not a fish. - What? - He's a mammal, the smartest in the sea. - Yeah, and sometimes he gets too smart. - That's final, Flipper. You may not come to dinner. - Come on, I'll see you to your car. Bye bye, boys. - Bye Miss Terrance, and thanks. - Yeah, so long Miss Terrance, and thanks. ♫ They call him Flipper. ♫ Flipper, faster than lightning, ♫ No one you see, is smarter than he. ♫ And we know Flipper, lives in a world full of wonder, ♫ Flying there under, under the sea. - Flipper, none of this is my idea. Dad, why can't we stay home and have supper here? I'll wash and dry the dishes for a whole week. - It's good to eat out just once in a while. It helps to develop the social amenities. - But I don't like to eat out. With the collar and tie, it won't hardly go down. Besides, how do we know if she can even cook? - Miss Terrance won't be doing the cooking. She has servants. Now, will you please leave this tie alone. - Yeah Bud, that's the beauty of going out. We don't have to set foot in the kitchen before or after we eat. Just let other people wait on us. - All right, let's go. - Dad, if you marry Miss Terrance, will she come to live with us. - Well hold on Bud, I haven't said anything about marrying anybody. - Would she live with us? - Well, it is customary for husband and wife to live together, but you're jumping the gun, boy. - What I mean, would she come to the park and live with us and Flipper? Or, would we move, like to her place? - Yeah. Good old boy, that's the best idea you ever had. Let's marry Dad off and live like kings at the Imperial Jade Apartments. - Just like I told Flipper, none of this is my idea. - Now then, I hope nobody left his manners behind, and everybody'll put out a little effort to have a good time. - No strain. Livin' here would be livin'. Oh yeah. - You are now entering The Imperial Jade. - Hey Dad. - Oh now, here comes our hostess, so stop daydreaming. - Wow. - Beautiful. - If anybody has just cause to object to this wedding, speak now or forever hold your peace. - I do. - You do what? - Um, I think she's beautiful, too. - Well, thank you Bud. Well, won't you all come up? I've just been picking some flowers. - Sure hope Dad read this sign. Of course, if he wants to get married, that's his business. He doesn't have to consult Sandy and me. We're just his sons, by a previous mother. But what I don't get is, why Flipper, why? Since most women are more or less alike anyway, like a school of fish, why did Dad have to pick a Landlubber like Miss Terrance? When you splashed a little water on her, I thought she was gonna shoot you. - Keeping Flipper up a little late, aren't you? - Oh, hi Dad. - Besides, I'm jealous. There was a time when you told your troubles to me. - I haven't any troubles. - Oh, I see. - Well, now that you bring it up, what's so wrong with things the way they are? Just you, Sandy, Flipper and me. - Well, who said anything is wrong? - I'd much rather live in an old shack, just so it's near the water, than a big old castle crawlin' with people. The air out here's better for a little kid's lungs. - Well, I couldn't agree with you more. So, what's the problem? - Well, this may sound funny, or even bad, but I don't want it to. But Dad, I don't think I could call anybody else Mother, except my own mother. - I know, Bud. You're a wonderful boy. And I want you to know that right now marriage is the furthest thing from my mind. - You hear that, Flipper? - But. - But what? - Well, something that all of us have to realize is that the world never stands still. - Heck, it's okay with me if the world doesn't stand still, just as long as you don't marry that Miss Terrance. - What I'm trying to say Bud, is that there are occasions when all of us would like to freeze time, keep everything just like it is, never to change. There are times when I think back, often in the middle of the night, to when your mother was still with us. But we couldn't freeze time then, and we can't now. - I didn't mean to start you thinkin' Dad. - Well, they're always pleasant thoughts, Bud. And I want you to know that my two boys, Sandy and you, will always be number one in importance to me, okay? . Okay- Any time you have troubles again, you just come right down here to talk to Flipper and me. - Well thank you, Bud. And thank you, Flipper, for listening. Hey Bud. How about an hour or so of trolling? We might pick up a barracuda or two. - Hey, keen Dad, but. - Hello there, Sailor. - Hi. - Well, how about it, Bud? You can teach Kathryn how to fish. - Sounds quite swell, but me and Flipper been nosing around, looking for eels, and we nearly found one. - Oh come on, Bud, please. I really need the advice of an expert. Oh, that fish again. - Flipper, you go home, wherever that may be. - Oh, it's all right, really. These are pre-shrunk, I think. Coming Bud? - Well, if me and Flipper weren't zeroing in on these eels. - All right, Bud. I want you to start zeroing in on home, and I mean right now, okay? . Okay- You hear that, Flipper? She can't even fish. What kind of mother would that be? And then, my own father, you heard him last night, saying that we would always be number one. And now look at him, going fishing with a woman who can't even fish. And how about Sandy? My own brother, always taking their side. He'd like to see her be my mother. Me and you, Flipper, against the world. The world Dad was talking about last night. BOY Hey, we better start heading in before it really starts to blow. Although a lot they care. - Bud. Hey Bud. Hey Bud. Bud. - Flipper. Flipper. Flipper. Flipper, go get help- Hurry, I can't swim. Flipper, go get help- - Flipper, where's Bud? Just don't dive there, where is he? Flipper, you keep looking, try to find Bud. I'll find Dad in the big boat. Go, find Bud, find Bud. Bud, Bud's out there someplace, Flipper showed me, and I sent him on to keep looking. - You're sure he isn't on shore? - Could be, but. - Kathryn, I think you better go in with Sandy. - If he is out there, I feel responsible. - I told him to go in. Now if he didn't he did a foolish thing, he knows the sea. - Why did he do a foolish thing? We both know how he feels. He's a little boy who needs understanding, not competition. Let me go with you. - From where we last saw him, we'll follow the current. . And Pray- Po, look. - Where is he Flipper? Where is he? Blocked in caves and it's high tide. Maybe he'll hear this. - Hey Dad, in here. - Flipper, go get him. If you know where Bud is, go get Bud. - Dad, in here. Let's give it a try, Flipper. - Po, he's hurt. Well, Bud, how's the arm? - Well, it seems to be better. - Well, I hope everything is looking pretty good now. I think there's been a misunderstanding. You think I want to marry your father, don't you? - Don't you? - I like your father, very much, and I think he likes me. - Yeah. - But your father and I are just very good friends, and Sandy too. I hope you'll be my friend, too. Then I'll be pretty lucky to have three good friends. - Heck, there isn't any reason why you shouldn't have three friends. Who knows? You might even have four friends. You're twitch. - Twitch? - That means you're regular. The most, it's the highest compliment. - Before, Flipper just splashed you. You seemed so mad. But out there you dived right in the water with your clothes on. You are twitch. - Well, Bud, I'm glad you think I'm twitch. That means a lot to me. - Yeah, me too. Well, I got a boat to paint. So long twitch. - Good bye Flipper. - Well, let's make this a family project. ♫ Everyone loves the king of the sea. ♫ Ever so kind and gentle is he. ♫ Tricks he will do when children are near. ♫ And how they love when he's near. ♫ They call him Flipper, ♫ Flipper, faster than lightning. ♫ No one you see, is smarter than he. ♫ And we know Flipper, lives in a world full of wonder, ♫ Lying there under, under the sea. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 