Flipper: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flipper 
 s1e3 - S.O.S Dolphin - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flipper (1964–1967): Season 1, Episode 3 - S.O.S Dolphin - full transcript 
 Porter is given orders to close the park and waits for a scientist to come explain the reason. After he yells at Porter for allowing his boys to swim in the water, the Dr. explains that it had discovered that a very poisonous fish had been the cause of death of a man the week before. Unfortunately, Flipper misunderstand the man's intentions and tries to prevent him from removing the fish. During the struggle, the scientist get's stung. Nor Porter and Flipper must rescue him before time runs out. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Sorry, Flipper We got something very important going on. - Pop, does this sign mean for the underwater part of the park too? - Everything. - But why are they closing the park, Pop? - Well, if Dr. Simmons had shown up, I could answer that. Right now, I don't know son. It was an emergency order, right out of Washington. - Then it must be something serious. - It's real serious. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - You think it has anything to do with the man you're meeting at the lagoon? Well, I don't know. Could be. It's part of the same emergency order. ♫ We know that Flipper, Flipper ♫ Lives in a world full of wonder ♫ Flying there under ♫ Under the sea Pa! - There's not a sign of a boat anywhere. - Pa, can we go in the water? - Well, Sandy, you know the park's closed. - But you're out here with us. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Alright, but stay inside the lagoon. - Pa said we can go swimming. - Oh boy! Come on, hurry up. - Hi, Pete. Call Flipper. - Flipper! Flipper! Come on, boy. Come on, Flipper. Come here, give me a kiss. Pa, pa! I saw a sub! The biggest, biggest sub. I found it. - Easy now, Bud. Easy. But we did see a sub, Pa. - A nuclear sub! - A sub? Here? You boys must be... You're Dr. Rothwell? - What are these kids doing here? These waters are supposed to be closed to everybody. They're not park visitors, they're my sons. - I don't care whose sons they are. The quicker you get them out of here the better it'll be for you. - Doctor, where I go, my boys go. Now right now, that means right here. - Do you have a carton for me? - Get it for him, Sandy. - Where's Dr. Simmons? You were supposed to bring him with you. - Plane trouble, he won't be in until tomorrow. Here you are, Doctor. Just sign this and I can get on about my business and you can get on about yours. - Now, just a minute. If I see those two boys in the water again, Chief Ranger or not, you'll be on suspension by the end of the day. - Doctor, some very good advice. You just climb back into that sardine can of yours and roll up the lid. - You mean to say you're deliberately exposing your own boys to... - Exposing them to what? - To what? You don't know? - No, I don't know. Doctor Simmons was supposed to brief me. - I'm sorry. I'm an ichthyo-toxicologist. Big word, do you know what it means? - Yes, it's a specialist in poisonous fish. - You had a death here last week. A fella who was brought up unconscious when he was diving in the underwater part of the park. - That's true. What about it. - The autopsy indicated that he pricked his finger on one of the spines of a scorpion fish. - Scorpion fish? - Spines that are like hypodermic needles, filled with venom. Deadly as a cobra. - I know. Well, no wonder you blew up when you saw my boys. There haven't been any scorpion fish in this area for years. - Well, if they have come back, we can get rid of them. But first we have to be sure. - Now wait a minute. This is a two-man sub. You're one man short. - I'll manage. - You'll be back when? Back here by 1:30. Alright, you've got to exactly 1:30. No more swimming today boys. Sorry Flipper. Maybe you ought to come out of the water too. - Go away, will you. Go away. - Grandma Hadley, Grandma Hadley! You've got to leave, the park is closed. - Oh, but the light is just perfect. - Emergency order, no exceptions. That's pretty good. Come on boys, let's give Grandma a hand. - Help yourself, Bud. You too, Sandy. There's some for everybody but your dad. - Then we won't have any either. - Well, I've been trying for weeks to get him to come to dinner, and if he won't come to dinner, he can't have lunch. - Well, it's only because I've been busy. Come on boys, you can nibble on the way down. - Pa, why do you call her Grandma? She doesn't look like a grandma to me. - Thank you, Sandy. - Well, she's the nearest thing I know to Grandma Moses. - Who's that? - Don't you know that? She parted the Red Sea. - Hey, Bud! Pa wants you in. - Coming! - First, I'm gonna take a thorough look around out there. Now if I decide to call for a full-scale search, I want Coast Guard helicopters in a hurry. You put them on standby right now. - On standby, sir. - Correct. If he is in trouble, he hasn't got much time left. - We'll get on it, sir. - Roger and out. - You're all set, Pop. - Thanks, Sandy. You stay by the radio, alright? . Okay- - Pa, can't I help too? - Yes, Bud. You go up and down the beach a way. If you see anything unusual, come back and tell Sandy, okay? . Okay- Come on, Spray, come on. Sorry, Flipper. I can't play with you now. I didn't see anything. - Pa hasn't either. Not now, Flipper, I'm busy. Bud! Bud, this bottle is from the sub. How did it get here? - I don't know, Flipper had it. - Pa better see this right away. Pa! Hey, Pa! - Pa! Come here, father! - Hey, Pa! - We got to show you something! Pa! Pa! - Pa! Come on, Pa! Pa! - We got to show you something! - Yes, Bud, this really could mean something. If we knew where Flipper found it. - Flipper can take us there, Pa. I know it. - Now, Bud, there isn't enough time... - But I talked to Flipper, Pa. - Pop, Flipper saw that sub right here. I think he does understand. - Sandy. - Look, Pa! He's telling us to come. - Alright, we'll follow, but just for a few minutes. If we don't see something real quick. - Straight away, Pa. He's gone. Just gone. - He isn't anywhere. - I'm sorry, boys. We're just not getting anywhere. - But, Pa. - Now neither of you can be sure that Flipper isn't just, well, just playing in the sea. Isn't that true? - Yes, Pa, but... - I'm sorry, but we're going back. - There, Pa! Over there! - Rothwell. Rothwell. . Yippie! Yay! - You know what you said about me being the reason that you're alive today? That wasn't true. - It wasn't? - The real lifeguard on this beach is right out there. ♫ Everyone loves the king of the sea ♫ Ever so kind and gentle is he ♫ Tricks he will do ♫ When children are near ♫ And how they laugh when he's near ♫ They call him Flipper, Flipper ♫ Faster than lightning ♫ No one you see ♫ ls smarter than he ♫ And we know Flipper, Flipper ♫ Lives in a world full of wonder ♫ Flying there under, under the sea 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 