Flipper: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flipper 
 s1e9 - Mr. Marvello - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flipper (1964–1967): Season 1, Episode 9 - Mr. Marvello - full transcript 
 Bud and Sandy hear Flipper say in plain English he wants to leave for London with Professor Marvello, and the professor's circus colleagues bring nets to take Flipper away. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Now listen here Marvello, you're through, out, you're fired! Get out of my circus and stay out! - You mean to maroon me here? Here in this forsaken land of palms and sunshine? - Exactly. And here's your old friend the bottle for company. - Sir, my star. - Now pack up your dummy and throw your voice somewhere else. - Very well, if that's the way you feel about it, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'll resign. Alas, poor Yorick. Good day to you my flukey friend. - Good day to you, Mr. Marvello. - What kind of a fish are you? - Too big to dine on. - But big enough to talk, eh? ♫ They call him Flipper, Flipper, faster than lightning, ♫ No-one you see, is smarter than he, ♫ And we know Flipper, lives in a world full of wonder, ♫ Flying there-under, under the sea! - He's an enchanting creature, let's see what he's got to say today. Shall we teach him to say something? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Let's teach him the simple R sound, shall we, shall we do that? Alright, say R. - Ar, ar! - Splendid my friend, absolutely first rate. - You see that? - I knew it, I just knew he'd start talking someday! - Now let's teach him to say a word, shall we? What word could he say? Say hello to the children, after me now, hello. - Hello! - What's your name, come now my fishy friend. - He's not a fish, he's a mammal. - He is, well he doesn't seem to know his name does he? That's a funny name, squawk squawk! - His name's Flipper. He's our dolphin. - Oh Flipper, that's a wonderful name. Let's teach it to him shall we? Say Flipper? Too hard is it? Not at all, let's try again, just to please our young friends. Say Hipper! - Flipper! Flipper! - Come on Flipper, say your name, Flipper Flipper Flipper. - Dad, Dad, Flipper's talking! - Yeah there's this man and he got Flipper to talk. - Oh sure. - No kidding dad, he really did, he even said his own name! - Well it sounded like it. - That's nice. - Dad, honest, he really did! - Alright Bud we'll talk about it when I get back. And now I've gotta go down to Key West and I'll be gone til late, and I want both you boys home before dark, you understand? ' AYE aye, Skipper. - Okay, Pop. - See you later. - See you later. ' Flipper! - Oh my young friends I've come a long way just for such an animal. Now come along with me. Do you know that I've come all the way from London England? Now my purpose as you all have seen is to find the one animal intelligent enough to break the man-animal speech barrier. Now you young men and women will realize that such a scientific expedition costs time and money, and I've been away so long now from the royal clinic that my funds are lamentably low, and knowing how you young ladies and gentlemen would like to help, may I borrow your bucket just a minute, my dear? Now every penny, every nickel and dime goes to help this great project. Now would anybody like to, nickels, dimes, anything, look chaps, let's hear the clink of quarters and the clank of, ah bless you my boy. If only her majesty the Queen could be here to see such touching generosity. You sir, you do not wish to help? - Oh sure... - Wait a minute Bud. I don't think you oughta be collecting money in the park mister, not unless you have a permit or something. - Oh you're right my boy you're absolutely right, my enthusiasm overcame my prudence, you're absolutely right, I must enlist the help of the authorities. - Maybe you better wait and see my dad, he's the ranger here. - He's the, ranger. Well certainly, but just now, I must seek lodging and I must telephone London to advise them of my discovery. Well, goodbye my friends, I shall return to see you again. Flipper, say goodbye to the professor. - Goodbye, goodbye. - Goodbye children. - Bye! - Goodbye. Marvello and his talking dolphin. Professor Marvello and his talking dolphin, that's it. - Marvello and his talking dolphin. Professor Marvello and his talking dolphin, that's it. - Ladies and gentlemen, allow me to introduce myself, Professor Marvello. Very good my boys, very good, very good, up and down they go, up and down they go. Parkey, Parkey. Ah, there you are. - You wanna light? - Marvello, what do you want? - I've decided to overlook your uncivilized behavior and make you a business proposition. - Listen buster, I told you to say out of here. - Calm yourself friend or you'll miss the act that will turn your flea show into a three-ring circus. - Yeah what's it this time, you out a new wig on your dummy? - In the center ring, Professor Marvello and his talking dolphin. - Marvello, you're wasting my time. - Good evening ladies and gentlemen, allow me to present Flipper, the world's only talking animal. Dolphins are mammals, you know. Come on Flipper, say hello to the nice people. Hello, good evening nice people, welcome to Parkey Brothers Circus, squawk squawk. - Keep talking, Marvello. - Imagine yourself the ring master, the tent is dark. Suddenly the spotlight hits the center ring, and there, there is a glass tank full of shimmering blue water. The drums roll, and a dolphin leaps 10 feet into the air, 10 feet, Parkey, and speaks. - 10 feet? - I've seen him, he's the pet of some boys down at the coast. Of course if you're not interested... - Now hold on, maybe you better come inside so we can talk about the dolphin. You haven't been drinking have you? - My dear fellow. - Nevermind. - Professor Marvello is going to turn you and me into the two greatest showmen since Barnum and Bailey, since Barnum and Bailey! Good day my boys. - Hi. - Hi. - Beautiful day isn't it? Absolutely first rate. Where's our dolphin friend, he's not lost is he? - Oh no he's just feeding someplace, I'll call him. - There he is! I was a bit worried, we can't have him lost can we? Now boys for the good news. I called London, the royal college for underwater life... - I thought you said clinic? - Clinic, and college both. They're thrilled with my discovery, they've agreed to my request, and Flipper will be flown to our laboratory, the paperwork is already underway and your government has promised full cooperation. Now chaps isn't that splendid? - You mean take Flipper away? - But you can't do that. - Oh my boy you must not say that. You must learn that in this life it isn't always right to have everything one wants, one must share for the greater good, you understand. - No I don't. - Part of growing up my boys is learning to accept life as it is, not as one wishes it were. - Then you'll have to see our dad first, nothing happens unless he says so. - Of course, he'll understand. There you are, you see Flipper understands. Oh he's much too intelligent to want to hinder the progress of science. You know you must, and I know you will, share him with all mankind. - Share him? I don't wanna share him, he's ours. - And look mister... - Professor. I know what we'll do, we'll ask Flipper, we'll let him settle it. Flipper, do you want to go to London with Professor Marvello, for the sake of science? - Yes, Mr. Marvello, yes! - Flipper, you mean you really wanna leave? - Don't worry Bud, Professor Marvello will take good care of me. - Flipper, you don't wanna go, you're ours. - Flipper you don't wanna go with him. - You're ours, you're our pet, stay, please. - Stay by us. - Hi Dad. - Hi Dad. - You guys aren't getting your homework done that way. - Dad, we can't do our homework, not if he's gonna take Flipper away. - Look Bud I told you, nobody's taking Flipper anywhere. - Dad, Flipper really talked, even if you don't believe us, he did talk. He said he wanted to leave. - No, Bud. - Dad, he did. - Now look, Flipper only seemed to talk, it's some kind of a trick, that's all. Now I want you two guys to get busy on your homework. We'll talk about Flipper in the morning. - The morning will be too late. Won't you even listen to Flipper? - Alright, let's go hear what Flipper's got to say. - Flipper, you're still here. Flipper, he doesn't believe you can talk, show him Flipper, show him how you talk! - Alright boys, there's your talking dolphin. - Tell him Flipper, tell him what you told us. - Come on Bud, Flipper'll be here in the morning. - Please tell him. Sandy? Sandy? - Huh? - Why wouldn't Flipper talk? - You heard what Dad said, knock it off. - Well, maybe Flipper's really going and didn't wanna tell him. - It's some kind of a trick, now go to sleep. - You don't think he'd go, do you? - Knock it off. - Flipper! Flipper! Flipper! Pete, have you seen Flipper? Pete, have you seen Flipper? Flipper! Flipper! Oh there you are. Flipper, how come you didn't tell Dad last night? I mean, like you told us. Don't you like it here Flipper? You and me, we're friends Flipper, aren't we? Please don't go with him Flipper. Tell me you won't go. Flipper please talk to me. Alright, if you wanna go, go, don't expect me to stop you. I won't even miss you. - Come on boys, get the nets. Alright, step on it will ya, come on hurry. - Flipper, it's Professor Marvello and the rest of them, they've got nets! Flipper, I didnt' mean any of those things I said before, honest Flipper please don't go with him. Flipper, you go hide, don't worry about me, just beat it Flipper, hide, go on! - Okay Marvello, where's your remarkable fish, you said it'd be here. - Calm yourself my dear fellow we can't expect the thing to be ready and waiting, we have to wait for it to surface. Boys had some way of attracting its attention with Ah, now just a little patience, one moment gentlemen. There she is gentlemen, there's your dolphin gentlemen. - Well I'll be. Okay boys, that tank full of water in the truck's waiting, go get our fish! Easy HOW, easy, easy. That's it. . Go Flipper', go! - Come on, fish. Come on fishie! - Don't go with em Flipper, we love you! - Who's that? - That's one of the kids I told you about. Parkey, maybe we shouldn't take their dolphin away. - And maybe I oughta sue you for breach of contract, Professor. - Don't you dare take Flipper, he's ours! - Come on Marvello. Hey Crown, we gotta get that kid, the rest of you, get that fish and get him in the truck! Cut him off. - Will ya let me go? Let go! Hey, hey, help, help! - That oughta hold him. Okay let's get the fish. - Dad, look! - You alright Bud, you hurt? - I'm fine Dad but they're trying to steal Flipper! - I'll get him out of the net. - You buys stay here. - What's a matter with your guys? Come on, net that fish? - Now what is this, what's this about taking Flipper away? - Oh don't get excited friend. - Come on. - We can make a nice deal, we can make that dolphin into a big money-making attraction for all of us. - Mr. Parkinson here owns a small circus, and we thought that... - They were gonna steal him Dad, look at those nets! - You're a fake, you said Flipper could talk! - The boy's right, he's a fake alright. Now what do you say, can we make a deal? - Yeah we can make a deal. The deal is for you and your men to get outta here. - You're outnumbered here, friend. - Well I may not be for long. - You may have a point there friend, I had a passing thought that maybe we could make some money with that. - Well come on what are we waiting for, let's get outta here! - Let him go, let him go, he won't come back. It's all my fault, I had some crazy idea. - You sure had a crazy idea. - Like Flipper wanting to leave here, Professor. - I'll bet he's not even a professor. - Me too, just a big fake and a liar. - Alright that's enough boys. Now Professor Marvello made a mistake, and I think he's proved to us that he's sorry. - But why'd ya do it? - He did it because he's a ventriloquist. He thought Flipper would make a charming ventriloquist's dummy. He didn't realize then how much you boys loved your pet. But now he does because he's learned to love Flipper too. Professor Marvello is sorry for what he did, and he hopes that you will forgive him. - Professor? Professor we're going back for some pancakes and sausage, and I think the boys would be very happy if you'd join us. - Sure. - Of course we would Professor Marvello. - Mister Marvello. - After what I did to you I shouldn't think you'd want me as a guest in your house. - Well all we remember is that you came through for us. Now how about that food? - Well with your unanimous approval I accept. .Dad? - What's bothering you son? - I'm confused. - About what? - I'm not clear about how the professor helped us. - Well he did it with that neat imitation of a police siren. - That's you? - Well I don't know, I really think it was Flipper, I think he called the police, after all he was in trouble too. - Ah naw, you can't fool us anymore. - Well you just listen. - See, what'd I tell ya? - See you later, Flipper. ♫ Everyone loves the king of the sea, ♫ Ever so kind and gentle is he, ♫ Tricks he will do when children are near, ♫ And how they laugh when he's near. ♫ They call him Flipper, Flipper, faster than lightning ♫ No one you see, is smarter than he ♫ And we know Flipper, lives in a world full of wonder, ♫ Flying there under, under the sea. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 