Flipper: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flipper 
 s1e7 - Not Necessarily Gospel - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flipper (1964–1967): Season 1, Episode 7 - Not Necessarily Gospel - full transcript 
 An old man fills Bud's head with heroic tales, but his father warns him all the stories aren't necessarily true. Circumstances force Bud to realize then, but he wants to be a hero by finding the poachers who almost killed his father. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - The Scar was in the harbor on his very own boat, a 60 foot cruiser with a crew of criminals just armed to the teeth. And the water around that boat was just full of tiger sharks. Well, I seen that there was only one way to get out to that boat, and that was to swim. Well I was just about out there when The Scar spotted me. And being the fiend that he is he ordered his crew to get all the raw meat that they could find out of the galley. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Raw meat? - Did you ever see 50, 100 tiger sharks in a feeding frenzy? Well I hope you never do, boy. I hope you never do 'cause it's a sight that you'll remember all of your days. Well sir, they threw all that raw meat into the water all around me, and them sharks just went crazy. They was snapping, and a-biting, and a-tearing. And the whole sea was just running blood. And that crew, being the fiends that they were they were hanging on that rail like a pack of wolves just waiting for me to be torn to bits 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 right before their very eyes. - How did you get out of that one? - How'd I get out of what one? - The tiger sharks. - Oh, the tiger, ooh. Oh. Come back here with that you overstuffed sardine. - Come on, Flipper. Come on, boy. Here boy, throw it up here. - on. - Are you all right? - Yeah, watch we're you're throwing them things, you pirate. Hey, is that you dad and your brother over there? Looking for you, I'll bet. - Hi Dad, hi Sandy. - Well, Bud, old friend, you remind me the next time you come over to visit to tell you the story about the jade dragon and man with the poison fingernails. - Poison fingernails, wow. ♫ They call him Flipper, Flipper, faster than lightning ♫ No one you see is smarter than he ♫ And we know Flipper,lives in a world full of wonder ♫ Flying there under, under the sea - See what Hap made for me, Dad. Isn't that neat? - Ah, that's very nice. You thanked him, I hope. - Sure. - Now there's one thing about your friendship with Hap, Bud. If you turn up missing these days I know just where to find you. - Yeah, tuned into the terror of the seven seas. - Ah, what's wrong with you? I think Hap's the greatest. - Greatest? Now I've heard everything. - Ah, come on, knock it off. - What's eating him, Dad, huh? - Old age, Bud. Sandy's too old for indiscriminate hero worship anymore and it's made him bitter. - What do you mean? Has he got something against Hap? - No, not really. I don't think he wants to see you disillusioned. - Dis, disillusioned? - Let down, disappointed. - By Hap? ' By anyone. Hap's been doing an awful lot of talking lately and you've been doing a lot of listening. Let's remember one thing, Bud. Not everything Hap says is necessarily gospel, that's all. - But he says it's the absolute... - Ah, I said that's all. Sandy, you and Bud get my scuba gear ready. We're inside the preserve now and I'll need it soon. - Where we heading for, Dad? - The lobster grounds. I want to do a little looking around underwater. Take the wheel, Sandy. - What do you want to look underwater for? - If you were ever at home you wouldn't have to ask so many questions. We have a problem with poachers. - Now maybe we do and maybe we don't. That's what I'm going to try and find out. - You mean somebody's stealing the lobsters underwater? They can't do that, it's against the law. - No kidding. - Well, there's been a lot of lobsters turning up in the market, Bud. And a legitimate fisherman thinks that they might be coming from out of here. - How could a poacher operate in here without you seeing him, Dad? - Well, he could work at night. He could set his lobster pots on the bottom so nothing's shown on the surface. Heave to, Sandy. ' Aye aye, skipper. - May I go too, Dad? I can be ready in a minute. - Not this time, sport. - Then take Flipper with you. - I couldn't keep him away even if I wanted to. - There he is. - Hi, Dad. - Did you find anything, Dad? - Yeah, with plenty of help from Flipper. - What did you find? - Just a minute. Sandy, get me that chart. I want to get some kind of a fix on that place. Well, the traps are down there all right, plenty of them. - What did you do, Dad, break 'em up? - Nope, I was very careful not to touch them at all. - How come? - Because I'm coming back here tonight with a gun and I'm going to catch me a poacher. - Hey, I know what you ought to do, Dad. Take Hap Corman along with you. - Oh, you think he's the man for this job, do you? - I know he is. There was this gang of oyster pirates off the coast of Tasmania. - Oyster pirates. - That's right. Hap went out there all alone with not even a penknife and scared 'em all away. - Well, Bud, if old Hap could do that without even a penknife, don't you think a park ranger equipped with a 30-30 rifle could handle one or two lobster poachers? - Well, I guess so. - Okay now, who's turn is it to do the dishes? - Bud's. - Sandy's. - On. - Stay down. Cut the anchor line. - This is the warden. Hold it right there or I'll start shooting. - Mr. Dennis? This is Sandy Ricks. I'm sorry to call you at this time of night, but I'm worried about my dad. - You sure you know where you're going, Sandy? - Yes, sir. I saw Dad mark it on the chart. - There's nothing in sight. - Flipper's spotted something. - There he is. Easy, take it slow. You shouldn't have left the hospital so soon, Po? - Two days on the flat of my back was plenty, Ed. Probably time enough for them to cover their tracks, too. - If you ask me, they're gone from here and still running. - Maybe, and maybe not. Ramming me must have caused some damage to their boat. I want to check any place where they might have pulled in for repairs. And I want to do it now. - Well, let's get on with it. ' Anything? - Nah, we've drawn a blank all the way down the line. The only place we haven't tried is old Hap's. - Hap's an expert on catching outlaws and he's my best friend. - Well I was still two days out of Shanghai. And not having no radio, of course I didn't know that the rebels had took over. Well, when I seen this little cutter come racing in with bow in their teeth I... - Hap, Hap, Hap, look. Now that's all very interesting I'm sure. But you still haven't answered my question. - You know, you getting rammed the other night, that remind, did lever tell you about the time I... . Hap, Hap. I didn't come here to swap stories. All I want is an answer to my question. - Well, what was the question, Po? - Have you in the past two days done repairs on the bow of a dark gray 30 footer? - Past two days? Shucks, Po, I ain't done no work like that in the past two years. - Thanks, Hap, that's all I want to know. Let's go. - Good thing for those skunks they didn't come to you, right Hap? - How was that? - If the men who hurt my dad had come here you would have polished them off like that. You would have given them the old one, two... - Bud, come on. - Okay, Dad. See you soon, Hap. - So long, pal. - What'd you tell 'em? - I didn't say nothing. Honest I didn't, Mr. Conlon. You told me not to say nothing and I kept my promise. - You sure? You were doing a lot of talking. - Well, I was just covering up. They kind of took me by surprise. You didn't tell me it was Po Ricks that you had the run in with. - The less you know, the longer you're likely to live. Understand? - I don't want to know nothing. I don't want to say nothing. Honest, Mr. Conlon. - Gosh, I didn't mean to startle you like that, Hap. - Oh, that's all right, son. - I came right away 'cause I figured we got to make plans, right? - Plans? Now what plans? - To catch the poachers, of course. - Why them fellas will be long gone from here by now. - But that's what Mr. Dennis said too, and I think he's got Dad believing it. - Well you see, now that just goes to show ya. - But they don't know about the prothes of Kaiyodo. - The what? - The prothes of Kaiyodo, remember? I know Poole never thought they'd return, but you did. I got a boat for us, Hap, and it's all ready to go. - Well now, see here. I don't want to hear anymore of that kind of talk. - What's the matter, Hap? - Well, I just don't want to hear any more of it. It's, well it's ain't safe. - But that's nothing compared to what you've done. - Well now, that was a, well that was a long time ago. And besides, I'm too busy right now to go trotting off on some foolishness. Besides, this afternoon I got to row over to Hampton Point to find some tools. - You mean you're not coming with me? - Well I mean, that's just what I mean. Bud? Bud, boy. Come on back, Bud, and I'll tell you story about a, Bud? . Help- Hey help- Hey help- Help, help. Flipper. Flipper, I lost you. Flipper, Flipper, come back. Flipper, don't leave me here. Flipper, come back. - You clown, you get out of here. Go on. You get out of here. Go on, you great baloney. Get out. Go on, go on, get. Get. Go on. Go on, get. D'oh.. Let me tell you something. Don't you ever talk to me like that now. Get out, okay? Go on, get out. You know, why don't you go find another dolphin and play with it and leave me alone. I got to row way out there to the island all by myself, and I... Stop it, what do you think you're doing? You cut that out, you brainless barracuda. Let go of that line, you pirate. - Oh Hap, Hap, you've saved me. - Po. Oh Po, he's all right. He's just tired. - You all right, son, you okay? - Yeah, I'm okay, Dad. - All right, Hap, what happened? Come on, what happened? - Well, you know those poachers you're looking for? - Yeah. - Well, I know who they are. Fact is I fixed their boat for 'em. - Let's take some of that courage you're always talking about and go get those poachers. . Okay- Fact is that's just what I had in mind. Come out of there, you coward. Well, I guess he's saved you. ♫ Everyone loves the king of the sea ♫ Ever so kind and gentle is he ♫ Tricks he will do when children are near ♫ And how they laugh when he's near ♫ They call him Flipper, Flipper, faster than lightning ♫ No one you see is smarter than he ♫ And we know Flipper lives in a world full of wonder ♫ Flying there under, under the sea 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 