Flipper: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Flipper 
 s1e10 - My Brother Flipper - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Flipper (1964–1967): Season 1, Episode 10 - My Brother Flipper - full transcript 
 Flipper saves the life of an old Greek sponge poacher in the preserve, but Bud and Sandy tell Po of his illegal activities. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ "They call him Flipper, Flipper ♫ Faster than lightning ♫ No one, you see ♫ ls smarter than he ♫ And we know Flipper ♫ Lives in a world full of wonder ♫ Flying there under ♫ Under the sea - Yes, it is my boat, Brother Philippe. Oh. Philippe,. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ' Who is he? - I don't know. An old friend of Flipper's, I guess. You can see they know each other. - Ho! - Wonder why he's anchored out here. - Let's go ask him. - You are friends of-a Philippus, yes? - Yeah, we're his best friends, but his name's Flipper. - Call him Flipper, if pleases you, but his name is Philippus. Believe me, I should know. - I'm Sandy Ricks, and he's by brother, Bud. Our father's chief warden of the preserve. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Pleased to meet you. I'm Alexis Demopoulos. I'm sorry, I'm telling-a Philippus he has such nice friends-a. - What language is that, Mr. Denopolos? - Greek, naturally, our mother tongue. What other language would I use to my brother, Philippus? But I'm-a forgetting my manners. Please-a, come aboard. Be my guests. - Gee, I didn't even know Flipper had a brother. - Can't you see Mr. Demopoulos is just kidding us? - No, Alexis not joking. Listen and you will understand. The Greeks are an old seafaring people. Our lives have always been tied to the sea, and we have an ancient belief that when a sailor dies in the sea his-a soul enters the body of a dolphin. Dolphin's have always been the friends of the seafarer. It is-a because they are kin to each other. I had a young brother. His name was Philippus and he was a sailor. One day a long time ago his ship went down in a storm and Philippus was lost. The sea had claimed him. Today in my time of need, when the sea was reaching out to claim me, my brother Philippus appeared in his dolphin's body and rescued me. - I knew there was something special about you, Mr. Denopolos, the way Flipper liked you and all. Isn't that great, Flipper finding his brother? I can hardly believe it! - Yeah, me too. Where did you get the sponges, Mr. Demopoulos? - Down below. They grow thick along-a the ledge. Scuba gear, I used. After 45 years of diving the hard hat, today I taught myself to cut the sponge in the scuba gear, hm. Old Alexis not so old, ah? I will teach you that Alexis not yet-a ready for the rocking chair. Yes, yes, you're right, little brother, how their eyes will widen when they see all the sponges from this one day's hall, huh? - This is marine preserve territory. You can't cut sponges here. - Look, see for yourself. Down there are full beds, crowded, beautiful. - But if you take those sponges, it's poaching. That's against the law. - Against the law? How can it be? This is the ocean. God made it. He made the sponges. He made the sponge-a divers. He made me, Alex Demopoulos, one of the best-a sponge divers of all. - Gee. - But this is a marine preserve. You have to stop, Mr. Demopoulos. - I will stop when my boat will be piled high up to here. Then I will return home and once more my people will say, Alexis Demopoulos is the greatest sponge-a diver of them all, the king. - Will they crown ya? - I'm sorry, Mr. Demopoulos, but I'm gonna have to tell my father you're poaching out here. - Tell your poppa- He will understand. Old Alexis doing what God wants him to do. - Come on, Bud. - So long, Mr. Denopolos. See you later. - Goodbye. Goodbye, my friends. Come back again! Come back soon, little brother. - Running away like a kid. Fine way for an old man to act. - You'd think he'd be glad to take to take it easy. Just sit around all day, nothin' to do, no worries. - Not Grandpa. He thinks we're mistreating him. I hope that storekeeper knew what he was talking about, because if we don't find him around here, I'm going to the police. - You can't. He'd be too ashamed. - Well, I don't care, as long as he's found. Buying scuba gear at his age. Now what does he think he's gonna do with it anyway? Now there's his boat! I don't see Grandpa. He's poaching. - He must know these are protected waters. - Hm. Poaching laws wouldn't mean anything to him. Shoulda brought our gear along. Well, guess I'll have to wait for him. No use your hangin' around, Nick. Why don't you go ashore, huh? Find a phone, let 'em know we've located him. - Will do, Tommie. - I tried to make him understand, Dad, but I sure didn't get through to him. And he said you wouldn't call it poaching either. - Well, he's got a real surprise coming, doesn't he? You boys go home and eat your lunch. I'll take care of Mister... What's his name? - Mr. Denopolos. - Mr. Demopoulos. - Demopoulos. I'll take care 0' him. - Gee, Sandy, I don't know. - Don't know what? - Ah, snitching on Mr. Denopolos. - When we help Dad protect the preserve it's not snitching. - Yeah, but tellin' on Flipper's brother. - Aw, come on, Bud. You know Flipper's not Mr. Demopoulos's brother. - Mr. Denopolos said so. Anyway, I wouldn't like you gettin' arrested. How do you think Flipper's gonna feel if Dad puts his brother in jail. - Grandpa! Grandpa, now, listen! - I'm Porter Ricks. I'm the warden of this marine preserve and you're poaching in preserve waters. - You've got it wrong, Warden. I just drifted in here. - Well, that's funny. You've got a hook out. - Well, it was just so beautiful, I think I might lay to for a while. - These sponges look fresh. You dried off pretty fast. Where's your diving gear? - I told you, Warden, I just drifted in here. - Well, I'm taking you and these sponges in. Get in the launch. - Now, look, Mister, you charge me with poaching, you know where to find me, but lam not going with you now. - Yes, you are. "Ah! Ai! Agh! Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. - Now, you gonna get into that launch, or do I have to throw you in? - Okay, Warden, you win, you win! Ah, agh. - All right, we're gonna take the sponges outta your boat and put 'em into mine, while I check you out. - Tommie! Tommie! Why don't you tell me Tommie was-a stealing my sponges, ah? Huh,sh. All right, all right, stop yelling, stop! I know you tried to warn me. That grandson of mine. What's the matter with him? He thinks I can't get any more sponges? Huh! I will show him. - You arrested the wrong man. - That's not Flipper's brother. - Are you sure? - Dad, didn't we tell ya? Mr. Demopoulos is an old man. - Flipper's older brother. - No, you didn't tell me. You and the old man partners? - I work alone! I was poaching out there. You saw my boatload, now how can I deny it? - Now you're tellin' fibs. - You don't know what you're talkin' about. There was no old man. I was on the boat alone. - Mr. Demopoulos was on the boat alone. - No, I'm the poacher! - Well, that's very interesting. Two witnesses say you're innocent, and you say you're guilty. - Kids, what do they know, huh? Look, you take me in, I'll pay the fine. We'll get it over with. - Could be jail, too. You resisted arrest. Wanna change your story? Sandy, finish your lunch while I refuel the launch. Bud, you're coming along, too. - Hey, Philippe. You see? More sponges. I will show that boy. You will see, my little brother. What is it, Philippe? Philipe, what's the matter with you? No, Philippe, stop it! Ah, my sponges. My Sponges! You are against me? You are on Tommie's side! Huh, everybody's against me, everybody! - Grandpa! - You terrible boy! Tommie, your own grand-poppa, you steal sponges! - Grandpa, please! - You and the others are saying I'm too old-a to dive any more. All day long I've been down there cutting sponges. - Grandpa, listen. Will you listen? - Shut up! Do not interrupt me! You should be ashamed. My own grandson stealing my sponges! - Don't listen to him. He didn't take those sponges! - I took, I took! Ask-a the children! They saw how many I had! I had enough to prove I'm still a fine diver! - Bring him aboard. - Speak up for Alex. Speak up! - He did it, Dad. He's the poacher, honest. - Come aboard, please. - Come on, Grandpa. - I'm-a telling you the truth. - I believe you. Now, Mr. Demopoulos, you are guilty of poaching. And you, you're guilty of obstructing justice. Just a minute. Now there's a question of punishment here. But I think Flipper solved that problem for us. When he overturned your boat, those sponges went right back where they belong. Course, in doing so, he destroyed the evidence. But I think he had that in mind, too. Now, if we take these sponges, put them back where they belong, the park'll be out nothing. Have you ever taken sponges outta this marine preserve before? - No, he hasn't. I should know. We've always worked together. - It looks to me like Mr. Demopoulos might make a good partner. You know, forcing a man to retire when he's, when he's still strong and anxious to work, can cause a lot of problems. Many families have made some very big mistakes with some very good intentions. - Grandpa, how 'bout you and I, we become partners again, huh? - Partners. Partners, huh! All right, I will take you back. ' Laughing) Okay! - Okay. I do not yet understand about this business. Here a man can fish, and there a man cannot. But, Michael will teach me, and I'll not fish in your waters again. - And I will not press charges against you. - Then you'll be king again, Mr. Denopolos. Does that make Flipper a prince? - Hello, Brother Philippe! - Hi, Uncle Flipper! - Dad, do you really think Flipper was Mr. Denopolos's brother? - Well, do you think so? - Nah, I been thinking', and he couldn't be because Flipper belongs to our family. ♫ Everyone loves the king of the sea ♫ Ever so kind and gentle is he ♫ Tricks he will do when children are near ♫ And how they laugh when he's near ♫ They call him Flipper, Flipper ♫ Faster than lightning ♫ No one you see, is smarter than he ♫ And we know Flipper, lives in a world full of wonder ♫ Flying there under, under the sea 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 