Danger Mouse: Season 2, Episode 49 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Danger Mouse 
 s2e49 - The World is Full of Stuff - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Danger Mouse (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 49 - The World is Full of Stuff - full transcript 
 Stuff has gone missing all over the world and taken to a giant sofa shaped spaceship. Squawkencluck tries out her new Futuroid Camera which takes photos of the future. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ He's the greatest ♪ ♪ He's fantastic ♪ ♪ Wherever there is danger, he'll be there ♪ ♪ He's the ace ♪ ♪ He's amazing ♪ ♪ He's the strongest, he's the quickest, he's the best ♪ ♪ Danger Mouse ♪ ♪ Danger Mouse ♪ ♪ Danger Mouse ♪ *DANGER MOUSE (2015)* Season 02 Episode 49 Sync corrections by srjanapala 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 *DANGER MOUSE (2015)* Title : "The World is full of stuff" Duck! Duck! Goose! Gah, I've looked everywhere and I still can't find my pink fluffy slippers! And I can't find me hot water bottle. Or me pencil case shaped like a banana. Or me banana shaped like a hot water bottle. Danger Mouse, come quickly. There's stuff going missing all over the place. Now listen up everyone, both the Eiffel Tower and the lesser known but equally impressive Tokyo Tower have gone missing. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And, most worrying of all, the mustache brush from my bathroom cabinet has disappeared. Any ideas, D.M.? What? Sorry I was just, what is this thing? If you must know, this is the world's first Futuroid Camera. A Futuroid Camera, wow! Amazing, that is so cool. You don't know what a Futuroid Camera is, - do you Penfold? - No. It takes photos of the future. Soon we'll be able to stop the baddies before they even plot their plans. Hmm, could be useful, let's see if it works. Colonel, strike a pose. Get my good side! Penfold, say cheese. Camera? - Good, Sophie? - I'm not sure... Chuckles. That was amusing, but let's not forget the matter at hand. It's preposterous! Me and Greenback, together? I-I-I'd rather eat my hat, which I did once, stomach problems for days. Ooh, ooh, ooh, let me see, let me see! That is ridiculous! A pink tutu? Everyone knows my color is purple! Come on then, let's see it. That's enough of photos, you were saying, Colonel? There's far more important matters at hand than D.M. and Squawk sharing a smooch. A huge spaceship has been spotted over London! It was last seen over Tokyo and Paris. It may be responsible for all the missing stuff. On it, come on Penfold! Donut! Penfold, don't! That's my latest invention. A disguise donut. One bite will instantly change your appearance to blend in with your surroundings. Crumbs! What can't donuts do? Oh finally, I get to appear in this episode. Yes, all around the world stuff continues to go missing. What will be next? Maybe my microphone... Now the town of London has been snatched. Thank goodness Danger Mouse and Pinhead are on the case. Um, anyone seen Penfold? Maybe he stopped off at Mike's Pie stall for a cup of tea to go with his donut? Tea! Great hairy hat stands! Mike's Pie stall has just been snatched by the space ship! No, take the Eiffel Tower, take the Taj Mahal, but not Mike's Pies! What's happened? Think Earnest, what did Squawk say? A disguised donut, one bite will instantly change your appearance to blend in with the surroundings. Blend in with my surroundings, eh? No! I order you to take Professor Squawkencluck along as your new partner, until, Flipper Dipper is found. - But... - But... No buts, Danger Mouse. And no kissy-kissy business. Move over, will you? I'll sit on the roof if you like. Fine with me. Ridiculous, the idea of you and I? Going to kiss, hah! Double hah! Locked onto the space ship, coordinates six, five, zero. Look! Oh, huh! Ugh, I hate gravity! Hm, maybe a snack will take my mind off things? Yes me too! Oof, step on it so we can get this show over with already! That's it! Down the back of the sofa where all the lost things end up. I'm going in! Penfold! Penfold! Look! Penfold! I'd know those incisor marks anywhere! We really need to stop bending over like this. I was hiding in there! You're wearing a pink tutu. Like the Futuroid Camera predicted! Yes, fits like a dream. Welcome, y'all. I am Floored. And I'm your worst enemy. Now return all this stuff and stop trying to take over the world! I got no interest in taking over anything. I'm doing this all for my special lady friend. You, you have a lady friend? She is the most beautiful creature in the universe! After I show her all these priceless trinket things, she's gonna be my girlfriend. Oh how romantic. You're doing all this just to impress a girl? Little bit needy, maybe? Darling, look what I brought for you! Huh, just a bunch of boring old junk that nobody cares about. He also has a pencil case shaped like a banana! Sorry, but what about you find someone who shares your taste in tacky old relics? Forget my number. Yow, harsh burn! Believe me Flog, you're better off without her. She's impossible. You'd have to steal everything in the world to impress a girl like her. Yeah there mouse, good idea. I'll steal everything in the world just like you said! No wait, hang on, I was making a point! Look, I really am gonna have to return all this stuff. I think not. And who's gonna stop me? Okay, just wanted to check. I don't suppose there's any chance those sharks are feeding? We have to get out of here. Wait, I have a secret skeleton key concealed inside my secret tooth! Penfold, start swinging! Right chief! ♪ Bring it back, bring it back, it's mine ♪ I said swinging! Oh, sorry. Danger Mouse, what are you doing? You're getting very close... Why are you puckering up your lips your lips like that? Danger Mouse, I think technically, we just kissed. Never happened, erased from my memory banks forever. Now, to find that love sick alien and stop him once and for all! Stop right there, Romeo! Couldn't that term apply to you, since you and Squawk have just, kissed! Not now Penfold! Look out Danger Mouse! Now's not the time for snacks, Chief! Mmm, strawberry! I think it looks better on you, Penfold. Really? Thanks Chief! I have my microphone back, yay! Thanks to the heroic effors of Danger Mouse, the day is saved and all the stolen items have been returned just not necessarily in the right places. So now we know how Penfold ended up in a tutu and obviously I never actually kissed Squawk. Totally. But I'm still worried about Colonel K getting all pal-y with a Baron. Colonel K to HQ, I'm at the Madame Two-Swordfish Wax Museum. Marvelous mannequins. Look, a model of Baron Greenback! Who knew that seeing into the future could cause so much trouble? Yes, maybe we're not ready for that technology yet. But I think I know someone who is. There you are! Maybe this will help you find your one and only. It's awesome Danger Mouse, thank you! Time we were going, eh, Squawk? Uh, how does it work? ♪ He's the greatest ♪ ♪ He's fantastic ♪ ♪ Wherever there is danger, he'll be there ♪ ♪ Danger Mouse ♪ ♪ Danger Mouse ♪ ♪ Danger Mouse ♪ Sync corrections by srjanapala 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 