Danger Mouse: Season 2, Episode 48 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Danger Mouse 
 s2e48 - Lost in Exaggeration - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Danger Mouse (2015–…): Season 2, Episode 48 - Lost in Exaggeration - full transcript 
 The public is losing interest in the Danger Agency, so Colonel K hires Quark to handle public relations. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪ He's the greatest ♪ ♪ He's fantastic ♪ ♪ Wherever there is danger, he'll be there ♪ ♪ He's the ace ♪ ♪ He's amazing ♪ ♪ He's the strongest, he's the quickest, he's the best ♪ ♪ Danger Mouse ♪ ♪ Danger Mouse ♪ ♪ Danger Mouse ♪ *DANGER MOUSE (2015)* Season 02 Episode 48 Sync corrections by srjanapala 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 *DANGER MOUSE (2015)* Title : "Lost in Exaggerationf" London and this is amazing. No, not a tap dancing frog's head flyer. No, not Danger Mouse. But this spam chops video I've watched 326 times of a hippo on a trampoline. I've got a problem. No time for spam chops, who'd like a plate of excitement served up with a side order of danger? Saw this in a film once. Was it the Breakfast Strikes Back? My dancing days are not over, Danger Mouse. Si Baroni it's a ballet class tonight, and you've been practicing your plié all week. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Shut up you fool. And don't forget my little tiara. Job done. You're welcome adoring fans. Autographed headshot anyone? Oh not you too. Chief, I recognize this video. It's one of Quark's. That interstellar villain, if he's around it can only mean one thing. The agency's in big trouble. What is it, Colonel? Time traveling gangster dinosaurs from the Mesozoic era with laser eyes and invisibility pants? Would that it was so simple, DM. The public has lost interest in the agency. Isn't that a good thing seeing as we're supposed to be secret? We are a known unknown if people don't care we're known then who knows what they would know? It's unknowable and possibly disastrous. Who knows? I certainly don't. The mastermind behind all the latest hooky vids, is here to help. He deals with PR. - Pony racing? - No. - Plumbing repair. - Uh-uh. - Puppy wrangling. - Silent W. - Pickle relish. - Makes no sense. It's something called public relations. Are you desperate for attention? I'll make you 267% more interesting. Online deal only, no refund. Everyone used to hate my laugh. Now thanks to Quark they can't get enough. Sign up today, get a free hat. Hats may cause allergic reaction of permanent balding. Give him whatever he wants and that's an order. Gosh that itches. Chillax mouse, I've gone a million percent legit, meet my exaggerator. - This... - Stolen. Baby'll turn even those boring snooze fests you call adventures into the coolest vids ever made in the history of the universe. For 15 second intervals. Check it. No, no Danger Mouse. You're too cool for me. No! That's not what happened. 10 billion likes say it is. There aren't even that many people on the planet. The internet says there are, and the internet is never wrong. Here's the contract. Fine print blah 100% of your publicity earnings go directly to me blah. Sign it, chump. Danger Mouse is the most upstanding person I know. He'd never make up stuff for a bit of attention. Isn't that right, chief? Absolutely, Penfold. Hey watch it buddy. It's not lies Penfold. It's a different way of looking at the truth. Some people are so thoughtless. So how do we start making me look more amazing than usual? With a little exaggeration. And the Nobel Prize for rescuing the Earth's environment from waste, Danger Mouse. I'd like to thank my natural charisma, epic skills, and razor sharp dress sense. - Ahem. - And my sidekick, Penfold. No! I thanked you. What else do you want me to say? How about it's all fake? Is this fake? Is this fake? Leave it to me Penfold. Is this fake? Well that definitely is, but everything else I just don't know anymore. Therefore, it's all true move on. No one can stop us this time. Hee-hee. Hooray! Get your DM merchandise here. We got, shirts, baby onesies, toilet paper, branded toe nail clippers. Everything is for sale. Not on sale, price is still high. Put me down! I'm not for sale. I'm not for sale. Back at numéro uno. And I got another hat. Oh but it doesn't matter that I've been sold as merchandise? And look at the rest of the world. Everyone is following your made up example. Fighting in a ballet style and collecting litter. London has never looked cleaner. Quarkster. Sure. Cool. Leaving now. Quark needs me at his office ASAP. I'm coming with you to give that trumped alien a piece of my mind. Great idea, Penfold. You can drive. My chauffeur is on a break. Good thing I keep this handy. Listen here Mr. Alien businessman, I'm not happy one bit. Hey there he is, my number one guy. Listen people are fickle. We lost a billion likes in the past five seconds. So we're kicking things up a gear. You're gonna become the world's number one villain. But I'm not a villain. Nothing is cooler at the moment than a super cool villain so. Ha ha. People won't believe this, my triceps are way bigger than that. Nevermind the truth. Making up stuff will get you anything you want. Be a villain. It's more honest. I may have made an ever so slight error in letting Quark play with the truth, Penfold. Would you ever consider forgiving me? Chief, I am your best friend. I know buried beneath your oversized ego and inability to cope without attention you are the greatest hero in the world. So... Citizens, none of this is true. My triceps are much bigger. Oh carrots. You're surrounded. Give yourself up. Never. Regardless of all the things you've seen and heard, I'm completely innocent. Quick hide. With the world teetering on the edge of total war, our heroes are now terrible villains? Well in that case, they're over here. We got 99% of the world's wealth. A big finale should get us the last one percent. - Let's blow this planet. - Good plan. Hey earthlings, Danger Mouse has set a giant bomb that will destroy your planet. Anyone with any money left can get passage off this dirtball on Quark Air high fares made awful. Bring your own sick bag. This fakery just got real. So Quark's made me a villain. That leaves us with only one choice. I'm ready to rebel. Take my money. Take my pet. Take my sidekick. Please take my sidekick. Let me on board. Uh oh, Baroni the mouse come and he look angry. Oh! Ladies and gentlemen prepare for a very fast and jerky lift off. In the face, in the face. I'm not gonna hit you, I'm just gonna take this. - Oh. - Start typing Penfold. Type what, chief? The truth with a few tweaks. Meh, it could have been worse. You were saying dumb-dumb. - Ow! - Rats. So Quark become victim of his own bomb and our hero stopped being an undercover villain, and returned to being the epic agent you all know and love, Danger Mouse. And who cares? It's raining money. Yahoo! Anyone got a bucket? I'm rich, I'm rich. ♪ He's the greatest ♪ ♪ He's fantastic ♪ ♪ Wherever there's danger he'll be there ♪ ♪ Danger Mouse ♪ ♪ Danger Mouse ♪ ♪ Danger Mouse ♪ Sync corrections by srjanapala 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 