Paradise PD: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Paradise PD 
 s1e6 - Meet the Jabowskis - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Paradise PD (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Meet the Jabowskis - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Thanks for treating me to the pizza buffet again, Gina. You know, if I didn't know any better, I'd think you trying to fatten me up. Yeah, like, I'd put your health at risk just because it turns me on sexually. Here, let me ladle some ranch on there for you. Jabowski! Did you have a little run-in with a jaywalker this morning? Technically, it was more of a run-over. So much blood. Listen, Gina, you're my best cop, but you've got to take the crazy down a notch. Okay, Chief. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I promise to try not to overreact to every little... Did that cunt just put Sprite in a water cup? Hi, Sister. So you like free Sprite, huh? You want Sprite? Here! Have some Sprite! Calm down, Miss. Possum Pizza's a happy place. You just assaulted an officer. I'm breaking up the band! Ooh! Big winner today! 30,000 tickets. You can get a spider ring, a scented eraser or a set of four crayons. But since you killed my employee, I'm taking the blue one. Argh! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Jabowski, could you get in here immediately? A crook at the Piggly Wiggly took two free samples instead of one. On it! Call the coroner and tell him to bring 'em up. What is this? All right, I lied. This is an intervention. Your rage has gotten goddamn out of control! Are you babies still bitching about Possum Pizza? 'Cause all I did was my job! And win you that oversized pencil. Yes, it's a great pencil. I love it, but the point is... But nothing! I'm the only one keeping this town from being overrun with violence. That's why I'm out there every day, snapping spines and gouging out eyeballs. I promise I'll use my turn signal next time, Gina. Gina, you have to take an anger management class, and you have to do it right now. As the officer with the most hours of therapy, I'm your appointed counselor. Tell me about your childhood. Like everybody else, I don't have any memories before the age of 21, except for brief flashes in my screaming nightmares. Hmm. According to my expertise, I can diagnose you with BBCD. Bitch Be Crazy Disease. Shut the fuck up, Fitz, that's not a real thing. Ooh! There's a flare-up. You guys are telling me you remember your childhoods? Yeah, right. Next, you'll be telling me not everyone has a brainus. Yeah, you should probably see a doctor. So this is my intervention, huh? Not just you think I'm a "weirdo" just 'cause I sneak into the break room and fuck the fritters? Anybody else think these apple fritters taste like boiled peanuts and Clorox? Gina, here's your problem. You have a bullet in your brain. That's why you have no memories, are so aggressive and have an unnatural sexual attraction to fat men. Basically, a textbook case of Bitch Be Crazy Disease. How the hell can I have a bullet in my brain and not know about it? Well, maybe you had a terrible doctor. Oh, your terrible doctor was me. I don't remember because I also have a bullet in my brain. Your chart says you were found washed up on the riverbank when you were ten years old, and then you spent 11 years in a coma. Well, does my file say who shot me? Nope, just this photo. "Boom-fook-ay." With this clue, I now have one mission in life... to kill the bastard who shot me! I tried to kill the bastard who shot me, but the bastard who shot me is me. I got really depressed when my obese husband left me. Damn you, Bitch Be Crazy Disease. Aha! Found you, asshole. "Bumfuqué. An African warlord known for his love of killing ten-year-old girls. Boom! Hey, Chief! I need a little time off for VD... "Vengeance Day!" I gotta take care of a little STD... "Sudanese tyrannical drug lord." One, you're bad at acronyms. Two, no goddamn way am I letting my best cop hakuna matata off on an African safari. Fine, then I quit! No one around here appreciates me anyway. Gina, wait! I didn't mean what I said about you being bad at acronyms. All right, don't freak out. We are prepared for this! Operation Crazy Cop Down is in full effect. I'm happy to take Gina's beat. I keep those little criminals in line. I'm just as tough as she... Oh, my shadow! Just for a second, I thought that was a big, fat, black ghost. Now, Kevin, no one can know we're down a Gina. Put a blonde wig on this hooker from the drunk tank and drive her around. You can count on me, Dad. I'll ride this hooker all around town. Careful how you ride her, son. She'll give you HIV. Yes! "Help intimidating vandals." Good luck, asshats. I just quit. No, no, no. Gina's the only thing keeping this town from a total purge. I can't handle that shit with my PTSD. You know what? You and I should skip work today. It'll be fun. We can't both skip work. Chief will kick our asses. Pussy. Screw you. You know it hurts my feelings when you say that. Listen, I'm sorry, I had no idea you were such a pussy. Pussy! Pussy! Pussy! Pussy! Pussy! Okay, okay. I'll call Chief first. You wait an hour to call so he doesn't get suspicious. Good plan. Fitzgerald, this better be good news. Uh, sorry, Chief, but I've got a nasty case of, uh... diarrhea. No, no, no, not today! One sec, I got another call. Chief, listen, I've got super diarrhea, probably way more than anybody else who might be calling you right now. What are you doing? You were supposed to wait 60 minutes. Yeah, I waited 60 dog minutes. You gotta specify. Evidently, Bullet's shitting me, too. I don't know about all that, but my ass looks like they filled the Bellagio fountain with mushroom gravy. It's like I sat on an M-80 made out of shit. It's like Gary Coleman joined ISIS, crawled up my ass and blew himself up. It's like I got butt-fucked by Fudgie the Whale. It smells like three-month-old Hungarian goulash. Jesus Christ, I don't wanna know! Stay the hell away! Oh, fuck my life! Paradise PD. I'm pissin' Yoo-Hoo out of my ass. My downtown's a brown town. It's like a Kenny Loggins scat party. My downtown's a brown town! Hey, are you guys smoking crack again? Didn't I just send you a whole inspirational song yesterday about cleaning up your act? Oh, sorry, Dusty, we forgot. Must've been all that crack we smoked. Now, boys, I hate to do this, but I'm going to have to take your butts to jail, for your own good. You know what would help us way more than jail, Dusty? Another inspirational song. No, no, y'all don't want to hear another one. Come on, Dusty, please. If you insist. Thank you, Dusty. This crack house is starting to feel like a crack home. Thanks, fellas. It just means so much to me that I can make a diff... Here goes nothing. Gina, it's not what you think! This is my purse. Aw! You got me, Gina. Shit, yep. It's argyle meth. Yeah, I know the drill. Now, how far you want me to take this and shove it up my ass here, huh? Like two inches. Letting me off with a warning there. Thanks, Gina. That was great. Quick note, Gina would have made him shove the whole pipe in... horizontally. And another smallish note, Gina would never roll her eyes into her head or foam from the mouth or empty her bowels on the seat... but, otherwise, great job. This is gonna be the best day off ever. Yeah, but what are we gonna do? I want to see something new today. Is that guy sucking his own dick? Yeah, all Tesla drivers suck their own dicks. That's why the cars come with autopilot. I guess they're still working the bugs out, huh? He's dead. Poor fella came and went at the same time. Yeah, but look what's in the trunk. We're rich, Fitz! Hold up, we're cops. We should call this in. Right, yeah, cops should call this in. But today, we're not cops. We're just two dudes on vacation. Well, one dude and one pussy. Shut up, you asshole! If we call it in, Chief will know we lied to him. Yeah, you're right, and I guess a dead man can't take it with him, but I still feel bad about leaving this body here. Who knew Teslas were so popular? I did. Hello, I'm Elon Musk. Okay, General Bumfuqué. Before I blow your brains out, I want you to look at the little girl you tried to murder. Open your fucking eyes, Bumfuqué. I've never seen that girl in my life. Then why's your name on the back? What a misunderstanding. Honestly, this happens all the time. See, there's no accent over the "e." That's not Bumfuqué. That says "Bumfuque." What? It can't say Bumfuque. That's the name of a town right next to Paradise. Oh. Hey, come out, you masochistic murderer. I got a gun that ate too many bullets and needs a face to puke into. Blessed baby Jesus! Everyone, come quick, Gina's home! Who the hell are you people? Don't you recognize us? We're the Jabowskis, your family. Finally, I shall have my revenge on the town of Bumfuque. Let me help you out here. There should be an accent mark over the "e." Bumfuqué! It cannot be Bumfuqué. That is the African warlord from the next village over... oh. Heavenly Father, we just come to you right now, Jesus, and we just want to thank you that you brought our daughter home, and we're also thankful that Cooter finally stopped shoving crayons up his nose, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Mama says big boys don't shove crayons up their no... hey! I'm as surprised as you are. I came here for one reason: to get the name of the twatwaffle that put a bullet in my brain. Bo's right, Gina. We do not talk about that dark day. Why didn't you come looking for me? We thought you were dead. It left us feeling lower than a Dinklage nutsack. But you're alive and now we gotta make up for lost time. Look, I'm not here to make nice. I'm on a mission, so thank you for the Slim Jim in a hot dog bun, but... Bo took the words right out of my mouth. Gina, you should stay for game night. Welcome to the Jabowskolympics. And, Gina, you're the guest of honor. May the most violent Jabowski win! First up, Taser tag! Help! Good shot, sister. Wait a minute. I can talk? My family's awesome! Hold up! This ain't fair! You're about to be my rug, Yogi! We can lay low here until the bank opens Monday, as long as we don't raise suspicions. Let me do the talking. We're looking for a quiet room. We're just two businessmen in town for, uh... Our honeymoon. - Say what? - Yeah. We're just married. Plan on having tons of wild sex. So, yeah, don't disturb us 'cause that room's about to be hit with a Category 5 jizz-nado. Isn't that right, honey? Yep, I'm gay as hell for dog dick. Kevin, those crack smoking rednecks are running all over Dusty. I need you to take Hooker Gina there and scare the stupid out of them. Well, it's a good thing Hooker Gina's not dead or anything. Yep, she's 100% alive. I doubt it. All hookers are dead inside, son. Good talk. Over and out. Well, back to work. Wait, that's not Hooker Gina. How many dead bodies are in this dumpster? Fifty-seven. Wanna trade? I got doubles. Whoo! A hundred grand! With this money, I can finally cure my mental issues. You'll finally be able to afford a good therapist. Hell, no! I'm gonna buy me a blimp and fly my black ass to Pussy Land. Yeah, you don't need therapy at all. I'm buying a Tesla. Why don't you get us some lunch? Don't worry, I'll run off with the money. I mean, I'll make sure nobody runs off with the money. Hold up, you're planning to run off with the money - as soon as I leave the room. - Says who? You just did! I'm not leaving this room, and I'm not taking my eyes off you for a second. Fine, then you gotta watch me do this. Mmm! I can just taste that Tesla. Mmm! Man, I can't believe Dusty caught us robbing a house and all he did was sing us another inspirational song. What a fucking idiot. Delbert, be careful. Those crystal butt plugs are expensive. Freeze, drug bugs! It's me, Gina... whatever my last name is. Oh, shit, Gina! Please, don't kill us! We'll return everything. Good! And don't make me put a cap in your butts... with my gun that I'll... pull out any minute now. Holy crap. Gina's dead. Do you know what this means? We can explore her body? No, you dumb-ass! We're taking over this town! - And I know just where to start. - Her bikini area? No! That's where we finish. Whoo! Sorry I flatlined Granny earlier. Don't apologize, pickle. You're a badass. I gotta admit, you never fit in here as a kid. Playing dolls, having tea parties... you sucked! I mean, I was sure you were my coward sperm. Your what? Coward sperm. See, the reason Jabowskis are so tough, before I plow your mama, I scare out all my coward sperm. Like, I'll put a blowtorch under my balls and scream "fire!" Then I burp my worms so all the cowardly sperm rushes out and the brave sperm stays, but, Gina, you must've been the bravest sperm of all. Aw, that is so sweet, Dad. You know, I have always felt out of place. This is the first time I feel like I truly fit in. My friends back home always said I was too violent. Your friends sound like a bunch of Tesla drivers. Can't they see that you're a beautiful, violent, bloodthirsty, young woman? I'm just sad that you're leaving before we can have some real fun. Dad, I'm not going anywhere. I've finally found my family. Well, this calls for a celebration! We're gonna do something real exciting as a family! What, are you crazy? I'm not robbing a liquor store. This is gonna be the most adrenaline-fueled moment of your life. Admit you live for excitement! That's what being a Jabowski is, yeah! Yeah, I do love the adrenaline. And, yeah, I do feel like a part of this family. But this is some poor guy's store. Before we rob, we always spin the Wheel of Handicaps. That gives the victims a fighting chance. Whoa! "On fire," that'd be cool. Wait, no, what am I saying? I have to respect the law. Well, the law didn't respect you. Gina, we never wanted to tell you this, but it was a cop who shot you in the head. What? You're telling me a cop tried to kill me? That's right. That's what the so-called law really is. It's the type of monster that can shoot a little girl in the head and steal her from us. But now we got you back, and you can be on the other side of the law with us. What do you say, pickle? I say fuck it, I'm a Jabowski. I'm spinning that wheel. On fire! On fire! - This is a stick-up. - Give me all your money! Ugh! - How are you feeling, Fitz? - I feel like it's been 24 hours and we haven't slept, eaten or taken a shit. Speak for yourself. Oof! I gave this ice bucket a real challenge. Look, I found a fig newton stuck under the table. I was gonna keep it for myself, but I'll split it with you. I don't want your ookie cookie. It's probably poisoned. No, if I was gonna poison you, I'd put it in your water bottle. I guess this pussy's a squirter! Ow, that hurts! Ooh, I'm gonna fuck your ass up. Let's see how you like being choked by something furry. Ah, young love. That's so kind of you boys to help redecorate the police station. No problem. Hey, Dusty, did you find our criminal records? - Right here. - You can put 'em right in the shredder. You know I will. I love shredding paper It's like making goat spaghetti. What the hell's going on here? Didn't I tell you to deal with these shitlickers? Chief, these are my friends, and they are our guests. I think you need to learn a little lesson about making new friends, which brings me to this next little song I wrote for you. Ooh, right in the castanets. You rednecks have exactly two seconds to clear the fuck out or... Who is it? Thank God it's you, Hopson. Open the door. I will if you give me a kiss. How am I supposed to kiss you with the goddamn door closed? Check the mail slot. Jesus Christ! Hopson, that's disgusting, you old pervert. Fine, just a peck on the helmet. Don't tell anyone. Okay, now let me in! That was a creep test. You failed. Stay out! Give up, Bullet! Gotta do better than that, asshole. Jim Beam! Jack Daniels! Jäger. I'm gonna drink this one. Whoa! Not the motel comforter. Take it easy, Fitz. Those are disgusting. - What are you gonna do with that? - Eat comforter cum crust, motherfucker! Ooh-hoo-hoo! Oh, my God, what am I doing? Ha-ha! Dog door. Crap, I'm stuck. Stop! Stop it! Stop it! No! Ooh, they are gonna pay for this shit! Well, pickle, we've robbed three liquor stores, a church and Cooter's harpsichord teacher. That's what I call family bonding. Now, it's time for the big leagues. I am so pumped to knock over a bank with you guys! Whoo-hoo! I know. I'm happier than Louis CK with a woman locked in a room against her will. Speaking of which, everyone got their creepy comedian masks? These are guaranteed to make every woman in there feel very uncomfortable. You didn't tell me we were robbing a bank in Paradise. I can't do this. Diamond City has way better banks. I mean, this bank's slogan is, "We can't break anything over $5." I hear this town's best cop left. Now's the time, when they're weakest. I mean, I wanna rob this bank so bad, but we forgot the Wheel of Handicaps back at home. Guess we just come back another day, right? Let's go, guys. Come on. This bank job is hard enough. I say fuck the handicapped. Fuck you too, dick. Quick! Quick! I want to make a deposit. Ow! Declined, bitch. Holy shit! Stop bleeding on my money! Ow, shit! Oh! This is a stick-up. Look at this hillbilly bank, there's no money in here. Jesus Christ. Holy shit, that's the bank alarm. Everyone to the goddamn bank! Farty farts. I'm on it, Chief! Wait, wait, wait, wait! - Oh, my... - Outta the way, dick kisser. Freeze! You ain't gonna rob this whorehouse. Hopson, it's a bank. What's the difference? I've blown guys in both. You two think you're gonna stop us? Us four. Looks like we're having pig for dinner. Wait, don't shoot him. - Why the hell not? - Because I'm one of them. A cop. Gina, what are you doing with these criminals? Because I'm one of them, too. They're my family. Well, looks like you gotta make a decision, pickle. Which is it? You a cop or a Jabowski? Oh, I got a perfect song about making good decisions. What in the hell is going on here? Chief Crawford, these guys are robbing the bank. Crawford? Gina, that's him! That's the Paradise cop that shot you when you were a little girl. What? That can't be true. Wait, wait. You were that girl? That day has haunted me for years. It's true. I shot Gina. All this time and it was you? Chief, you left me for dead as a child. My turn. Say bye-bye. Ooh! You punks are in big trouble now. It's me, Gina. Gina don't need no head to kick some ass. Ow! How could you, Chief? I was just a little girl. Screw it. It doesn't even matter. Prepare to die. - Wait, it's not like you think. - Don't you remember the boat? Why's Dad talking in an echo? I think he's trying to trigger a flashback. The boat, the boat, the boat... Police! I'll shoot if you don't pull over. Daddy. Ow! Yeah, we'll make another one. She sucked. You lied to me and left me to die. Easy. Gina, don't do this. You used me as a shield to save your own life. I swear it was a one-time mistake. I'll never do it again. Ow. My bad, old habit. We'll see you at Christmas, Gina. Call any time. Oh, shit. Almost forgot this. Oh, comeuppance! Don't worry, we'll get 'em next time. Yeah, my family sucks, but at least we're not the Duggars. Gina, I'm sorry I shot you. Don't be. You turned me into the dick-stomping cop that I am today. I wouldn't change a thing. And I don't care how violent you are. Just come back to work, huh? In fact, I have a job where you can be as violent as you want. Boy, oh, boy, Delbert. We gonna be living the dream from now on, since Gina's dead. Gina! Mama's home, bitches. Mr. Chief, sir, we would like to ask your forgiveness for our rude behavior. Ain't that right, Delbert? I'm sorry. Sounds like Gina's back. Bullet, Fitz, thanks for leaving your deathbeds to back us up at the bank. You guys look like hammered shit. Hey, Dad, sorry to bother you, but this man works at the Super Seedy Motel. He says a couple of dudes had crazy sex in one of his hotel rooms and trashed the place. That's them! The dog and the black guy. What! Did you two call in sick just so you could spend the day having gay motel sex? No! Then what the hell were you doing? Lying to me and skipping work? Oh, yep. Yeah, you got us, we had... We had so much sex, didn't we, Fitz? Yep. I'm gay as hell for dog dick. This may surprise you two, but, well, I understand. I've been a cop for 30 years. Guys need a gay-off every now and then. No down-low brothers for me, of course. I'm straight as a javelin. Straight as a javelin. Hopson! You know the drill. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 