Paradise PD: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Paradise PD 
 s1e7 - Police Academy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Paradise PD (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Police Academy - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Listen up! We have serious business to deal with. We are gonna prank Hopson. When he gets here, we all pretend we can't see him or hear him because he's dead. Ha! That'll teach him for being old. Ha ha! Oh, shh, shh, shh, shh! Good morning. So who else woke up screaming from their sciatica pain? Hello... Hello! Hey! I said, "Good morning." Boy, I sure am sad that Hopson died in his sleep last night. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Mm-hmm. - Me too. Poor Hopson. What? I'm not dead. I'm right here. I'm... right... here! What's wrong with all of you? Oh, my God, I am dead. I'm a ghost! No one can see me. Well, no need for this polyester prison. - Boo, boogedy boogedy! - Yuck. Suck my ghost fart, you bald asshole. Yeah, everything's normal here. Ugh, so normal I can taste it! I'm going to like being a ghost. Argh! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Aargh! No, Miss Whiskers. I... I can't make love to you. You're a cat, it's wrong. Who, in the name of Saint Mark Fuhrman, broke in and did all this? Actually, there's no sign of a break-in. Whoever it was, had access to the station, except for the evidence room, where they stole all the argyle meth. Well, I didn't do it. No, I'm totally clean and sober right now. Except for alcohol, and a little bit of pot. And I accidentally did some blow last night, because it was on this cat's asshole that I was sniffing. - We're just friends. - Ugh! Call me, baby. Unrelated question, can a dog get Feline AIDS? I demand a special task force that will get argyle meth off the streets of Paradise, once and for all! You "demand"? Kevin, son, have you ever wondered why every time you come to me with some "huge break in the argyle meth case", I change the subject? That's a lot of patches. Let me explain why, gently. Because you're not an actual cop! You're here because your mommy insisted on it! You never even went to the goddamn Police Academy, you imbecile! I'm sorry I'm so emotional, Kevin. I'm... It's just that I'm all crampy and my breasts are super tender. And Hulu canceled The Mindy Project! Why would they do that? Uh, Dad, these are Mom's estrogen patches. What? Stupid fucking Walgreens got our prescriptions mixed up! This uniform makes me look like a fat, bloated whale. Oh, great! Now I'm thinking about Mindy again. Hey, Randall. Let's get some wings, fuck, and watch the Steelers. Yeah! Can't we just talk... for once? What did I say? What did I say? I can't believe this whole time I haven't been an actual cop. I am going to complete police training with or without my dad's support. I'm glad these people can't see me. I never liked any of them. That's why I pissed in the coffee pot every morning. And dunked my nuts in the water cooler. Are you here for the Discount Police Academy, or to watch us have sex with your wife? Entrepreneurs like us have to have diverse business interests. Uh, Police Academy? Well, I guess I got chubbed up for nothing. Were you referred by a friend, or see our ad in The Pennysaver? I googled "cheapest possible police academy." Oh, and I saw your celebrity endorsement from Steven Seagal. Yeah, he asked us to fuck the shit out of his wife. Allegedly. Taking down a perp. You see that fat pig that looks like Steven Seagal? - You've got to catch him. - On it! - Okay. - Now you gotta cuff him. Uh... Eh... Now snap his neck, gut him, cook him in a pit covered with banana leaves for 16 hours, put on a grass skirt and dance around all sexy for us while we eat. As a police officer, you have to learn how to frisk a suspect. Now Delbert here has a loaded weapon on him. No, don't check his ankle, check his crotch. That's where they hide 'em. Not like that. Really get in there. Dig in, rub around. Is there anything hard in there? - Now there is. - Well, pull it out, man. - It's stuck. - Keep yanking on it. Yeah, don't stop. Boo, boogedy boogedy! Well, hey and good day to you, Stanley. You making fun of Fitz's ancestors again? You can see me, even though I'm a ghost? Wait, are you a medium? No, I'm a 32 XXXXXXXL but ain't you the sweetest! Dusty, I died last night. You're the only one who can communicate with me. Ooh, it's just like that show Ghost Whisperer. J. Love Hewitt, she says that spirits could not rest if they had unresolved business on the earth. You've got to help me. All right, you just make a list of anything you wanted to accomplish while you was alive, but didn't get to. And then we'll go down the list until you go up to heaven. If a person was aboard the Titanic, pushed Rose overboard and pretended to be her to get on a lifeboat, would they still get into heaven? You didn't do that, did you? Don't be afraid to make my tits look big. Pyoo-pyoo, ow! - See that kid? - Oh, is he a grandchild you never spoke to while you was alive and you want me to tell him you love him? Hell, no! He's my neighbor's annoying brat. Every day laughing and playing. I always wanted to whup his little ass. Okay, I'll whip his little ass for you. That's the Christian thing to do. I'm sorry, kiddo, but I got to do this to get my friend into heaven. Hey! Why the hell are you spanking my kid? Uh, I've got a ghost friend. That better be sexual. Because nobody disciplines my son but me! What are you talking about? Looks like you need to learn a lesson. Now this is discipline. And this is sexual. Hmmm! Patty May, you wanted to see me? Kevin! Why the hell are you here? It's pretty serious, hon. Kevin showed up trying to certify a Police Academy diploma that was on toilet paper. If he's gonna keep working for Paradise PD which I know the mayor wants, y'all are going to have to pay for him to go through real training, hon. Okay, you are way overdoing "hon." And, Kevin, you moron, the closest academy is in snooty Diamond City. I could barely afford it when I went through. Speaking of, when I looked up Crawford in our files I saw you're missing a credit. So you're going to have to enroll again too. If you don't pass, you're off the force, hon. Yeah, I'm sticking with "hon." Fuck you. - Are you seriously telling me... - That's right, Dad. You and me are going to Police Academy! Mahoney! Oh goddammit, Kevin. Stop taking notes. I keep telling you these movies are not documentaries. Oh, I really wanted to dance with those tough bikers. Randall, I never cease to be astounded by the profound depths of your dipshittery. Yes, I was short a credit. You have no idea how hard my job is. Please, a dog could do your job. In fact, I'll prove it. Bullet, you're replacing Chief Nonuts while he's at the Academy. Great! You got it, Mayor! Just call me Mr. Responsible. Oh, Bullet, I'm pregnant. You know, I'll be right back. I gotta throw this off the bridge. Attention. I'm Chief Hancock of the Diamond City PD. But here you may call me Dean Hancock, or Sir, or the guy who married your mother and went ass to ass with her last night. If you're this fat bastard right here. Yeah, yeah. Let's just get this stupid training over with so I can go back to serving and protecting my city. If you pass, I'd say Kevin has a much better chance than you do. Dad, I was right! This will be like the Police Academy movies. Weow-ooh, jih-jih-jih-jih, eow, wah-wah! Oh, it's just a schizophrenic bum. Actually, that is Michael Winslow. This is so exciting! Me and my dad, roomies. And guess what I brought? UNO! Listen, Kevin. My job is on the line here. Can we just focus on getting through this? But you heard Dean Hancock. He thinks I've got a real chance. He said that to piss me off. Just don't get your hopes too high. You may not even make it through day one. Now I need to get some sleep. Let me turn on my black noise machine. - You mean white noise machine? - No, black noise machine. Michael Winslow needed the work. Cooooh, whish! Honk-honk! Chicca-chicca-chicca! Woo-ooh! Remember, front sight just below the bull's-eye area. I'm impressed, Kevin. Oh, thanks, sir. My feet are extremely swollen. I had baby back ribs for breakfast. Crawford! Get your fat ass over that wall, you hungry blowup fish! You look like Baymax with titties, you Big Hero 6 looking asshole! Ah! Ugh, uh-uh! Ooh! Uh! Ah! Bull's-eye! Up yours, Hancock. You're lucky there's no law against shooting albinos. I mean, the mayor puts Bullet in charge just to make the chief look bad? - Why not one of us? - Yeah, if I wanted to take commands from a coked-up asshole with ball breath, I'd still be Tim Allen's bodyguard. All right, listen up. It's time to clean up the streets. Fitz, you take these spots in the North side. Arrest anything that moves. Gina, you see this warehouse near Chinatown? Treat the perps like moo-shu pork. Chew 'em up and then shit 'em out violently. Wow, that was actually kind of badass. Yeah. Maybe he will be better to work for than that ball breath asshole Tim Allen. We joke about Tim Allen, kids, but he really did serve two years and four months in prison for selling cocaine. You think a man does that kind of time without sucking a ball or two? Mm-hmm! Think about it. Ha ha. Yeah. Ha ha! Hey, what are we all laughing about? You can't sit here, Randall. This is the cool kids table, exclusively for recruits competing in this year's Coptathalon. Oh, I'm great at that! I always finish first. Ha! No, wait. I'm thinking of wookie cookie. Ah, no, Dad. Coptathalon is like the police Olympics. We are talking about forming our own team. And the Coptathalon champion is recruited to become an officer of the Diamond City PD. Which reminds me, son... - What's your uniform size? - A boy's large. Hey, Dad, there's plenty of seats with those guys. They look pretty cool. Who the hell are you supposed to be? I'm a failed prop comic who wants to be a cop. So I guess you can call me Prop Cop. Nice to meet you. Oh, talk about the long arm of the law! Wow, new record. Two seconds and I hate you already. What do they call you? Handicop? Shut your cock-chugging mouth. There are two things I don't like. Puerto Ricans and your shitty mustache that looks like two cat turds fucking like Puerto Ricans. And yes, they call me Handicop. At least this guy seems pretty cool. Well, looks like God really shit the bed on this one. Ha ha! Well, at least when you're cops you can be your own partner. I don't want to be a cop. I, sir, am a dancer. Would you let me chase my dream for once? I spent three years letting you dance backup for Ariana Grande! And, Dusty, this is Esmirelda. She was my soul mate. I was sent to war before we could consummate our love. Oh, that must be why your spirit is trapped on earth! Seduce her for me, Dusty. I need you to get in there and fuck her good, so you can send my eternal soul to heaven. Oh, boy. She's got whiskers like a catfish. Oh, I never thought my first time would be like this. Hi... Hi, sexy, you wanna get freaky with me? Oh, Orson Welles! You finally got my erotic fan mail. Well, my rosebud is ready. Come and get it! - So how did it go, big boy? - Great, but I could not find my ding-dong. Then I accidentally crushed her. She's a ghost now, too. Get up against the wall and spread those cheeks, ladies! We can't have you sneaking in any contraband. I'm only counting three bishops. So these are the perps Bullet sent me to bust: massage parlor workers. That horny mutt is just making us fetch hookers for him to bury his bone in. Bullet, your plan to target the Paradise sex trade is brilliant! The degenerates who pay these women are fleeing town. Keep up the great work. Well, you two have a lot of paperwork to do. Me, I'll be personally checking each and every one of these poor women for crabs. Ha ha, woof! Man, you've got the whole of Spencer's Gifts up there? Signs point to yes. Please tell me there's a book you never read, but you wanted to, and all I gotta do is read that book. No, Mike Tyson is in there, signing copies of his autobiography. I always had a dream of looking him right in the face and calling him the n-word. Cheese and taters, Hopson! Please, Dusty. My eternal soul is in the... Yeah, yeah. Spare me! I just want to get this over with. Excuse me, Mr. Tyson? Yes. Hopson, he really doesn't like being called a nincompoop. Kevin! Know what my favorite number is in Spanish? Uno! Hey, what do you say we play a hand of UNO or puto? Puto is "two" in Spanish, right? No, "cunt." You could've just said, "No, thanks." I'd love to, Dad, but I've got plans with the guys. Later! Yeah, later! Much later. 'Cause I've got friends, too, you know? You like me, don't you, Michael Winslow? Can I be honest with you guys? I'm afraid Hancock's gonna steal my son from me. Maybe I deserve it. I don't know why I'm so hard on Kevin. All he wants to do is be a cop, like me. When I make cop, I'll be ready for the Puerto Rican race war. Ooh, you sound like a Nazi. Ha ha, ha ha. Here's your white hood. Ha ha, ha ha. Someone stick a switchblade in my mouth and I'll end him. Dad, what are you doing here? What does it look like? We're drowning in snatchola. Ha! Have you seen my cool friends? Ha ha! Come on, Crawford, let's celebrate. Kevin's team is sure to win tomorrow's Coptathalon, which means he's certain to become a Diamond City cop. No other team has even signed up. Oh, yeah? Well, they have now! Me and my badass friends, AKA the Pussy Posse, are entering Coptathalon, and taking you down. Bring it on, old man. Whoa! Shit just got real. Get it? It's real shit. Boy, I pulled this joke out of my ass. What? Does this bit stink? Too corny? Ho ho! Ah, Gina! Thank God you're here. Can you get me another bottle of champagne? One of the girls did something real kinky with this one, which at first I was like, "Awesome!" But then I was like, "I'm not gonna drink out of that now." Bullet, what the fuck! You turned the entire station into a strip club? Okay, just calm down, all right? It's rehabilitative therapy. By reenacting their trauma in safe surroundings, it speeds the recovery of these poor, victimized, fully shaved, slutty women. I'm going straight to Mayor Karen in the morning to shut this whore palace down. - Isn't that right, Fitzgerald? - Uh, yeah, this place is terrible. Oh, I hate this so much, Gina! Aah! Yeah. Uh... Right now... Up... and down. Oh, come on guys. This is pathetic. Coptathalon is tomorrow! Dad, are you seriously going through with this? You're standing in the way of my chance to become a real cop! You're gonna lose. He's right. We have no chance. I hate Puerto Ricans. You are the most oddly Puerto Rican specific racist cop I've ever met. Let me tell you something. You may be worthless. You may be freaks of nature. You may be the best argument for abortion I've ever seen. You may be idiotic, foul-smelling mongoloids. But? But what? That's all I wanted to say. Well, I'm still trapped on earth. - Maybe if... - Enough! I did everything you asked and all I got was a busted lip, and Mike Tyson's autobiography up my pooper! - Are you even listening to me? - I see the light. I'm going toward it. Ow! Golly! Hopson sure had a lot of blood and intestines inside him for a ghost. All right, men. I want a fair contest. As long as Kevin wins. Let Coptathalon begin! Oh, thank God. I thought it was a real person for a second. I'm gonna blow his brains out. Don't you come any closer. Look, if you don't release that hostage, you'll end up in prison, sucking balls, like Tim Allen! Allegedly. Great hostage negotiation, Kevin. Crawford, your team's up next. All right, let the hostage go... wooden shoe? I'm gonna blow his brains out! Don't come any closer. Ma'am, nothing to be nervous about. You've simply got a tail light out. Kevin, I'm proud. That's how we all aspire to handle these interactions. 50 points! Who's up next? Ma'am, you've got two choices: pay me, or blow me. And that's how we actually handle these interactions. Also 50 points. Why didn't you take the one with the sidecar? Come on, run! - Whoa! - Whoa! Gentlemen, it all comes down to this. A pepper spray showdown. You'll each take a blast to the eyes, then beat each other with night sticks. The last man standing is the Coptathalon champion. Sergeant, pepper! Oh... Ah! The world is on fire! Ants are swarming my brain! Oh, I'm emptying my bowels. Oh, thank God! An eyewash station. Ow! Why would they do that? Ohh! I'm going to get you, Kevin! - Argh! - Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! The Coptathalon champion and the next Diamond City cop is... Kevin Crawford! She chose to blow me. - Uh, you know she was Puerto Rican, right? - Negative. Puerto Ricans have red hair and play bagpipes. Those are Scottish people. Shit, I've been hating the wrong race. - Jesus Christ! Howdy, Jew boy. - Shalom. I was just going over the list of things God put you on earth to accomplish. Whip a child's ass, check. Talk a 92-year-old woman into sex, close enough. Call Mike Tyson the n-word. Great job. Hmm, hot cock! I'm going to heaven. Ooh, wait. You missed one. Take a shit down a waterslide. I don't have any record of you doing that. Sorry, dude. Dad's pretty strict about these things. Gotta send you back. Hey, no, wait! Argh, oh! Oh, God! I'm buried alive. Help! Someone help! I'm alive, shithead. Get me out of this coffin! Come on! Come on, fat ass! Emoji surprised face. Is my face red? Anyhooch, I'm real tired and hungry from burying you, so I'm gonna walk on over to Arby's # wegotthemeats, and I'll come right back and dig you up. Unless... Arby's is running its 5 for 5 special, then I may overdo it and get the meat spins and by meat spins, I mean bloody diarrhea. # foodiey'all You fat son of a bitch! Don't you know I only have three more minutes of air? One more minute of air! Listen, Mayor, I got a few things to say about that four-legged poon-hound you put in charge. Language, Gina! I was just turning over the donations that the men of Paradise made to my sex worker rehabilitation program. Bullet, this has been a huge windfall for the city. We can finally afford unleaded water, or pay someone to chase the wolves out of the library. Great work, officers! So this is it, huh? The police station is a sleazy strip club from now on? No, I'm done. Not worth it. You know the girls I checked for crabs? Yeah, they had 'em. Looking for your father? I know we've been at odds, but I really thought he'd be here for me. You know, son, your dad's a big bag of dicks. But I'm here for you, kid. - That's all that matters. - Thanks, Chief. - Hold it! - Dad? Are you all right? All right? Do I look all right? I broke out of that hospital to tell you something, Kevin. After seeing you perform at the academy, I realized you could be a good cop and I'm proud of you. That's all I wanted to hear. Come on, Dad. Let's get back to our police department, the Paradise PD. What the hell! You're leaving? That's right. And by the way, you've been mean to my dad for years. So I decided to get revenge. I found a pretty weird video on your laptop. Kevin, if this is going where I think it is, I love you. Now to humiliate Hancock by showing this crowd the filthy, disgusting sex tape he made with his wife. Yeah, ha ha! Wait, what? His wife? Hey, his wife is my mom! You're such a dirty old bitch. Whose dirty old bitch are you? Wait. Oh! Oh, we finally got him, Dad! What? It's not embarrassing for Grandma. It's embarrassing for Hancock! It's his fist getting dirty. I'm proud to announce that I have received my certificate. Thanks to the efforts of my mother and certain awful things she agreed to do for Chief Hancock, Kevin and I are back. And I'd like to thank my dad, who agreed to let me head up a special task force to stop argyle meth from plaguing the streets of Paradise! Everyone, meet our new officers! Hand-picked by me. Best cops in the entire state that work for free. Hey, sugar tits. Sit on my eyes, and I'll blink till you love me. You know who's gonna love this guy? Hopson. Hey, where is he? Did anybody else dig up Hopson? If not, I forgot to. He's still in there. Hmm, still didn't shit down that water slide, huh? Please don't put me back in that box! - Sorry. Rules are rules. - No! Jesus, are you still pranking Hopson with that fake list? Hell, yeah. Oh, I'm such a dick. Get out of here, Steven Seagal, we're closed! - You got a problem, man. - It's me, Terry Two Toes's mama. Oh, hey, Mrs. Two Toes. We thought you were in prison for trying to chop that cop with a chainsaw. Yeah, I'm on my way. But Terry said if anything ever happens to him, he wanted you boys to be in charge of his argyle meth empire. Here's his old burner phone. The Kingpin will call you on it soon. You better watch out, though. He's a mean sumbitch. Well, if you need me, I'm gonna be in the big house getting my bean chomped. Bye! I don't know, Robby, this Kingpin fellow sounds dangerous. We better get rid of this burner phone before it... Aaah! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 