Creature Comforts: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Creature Comforts 
 s1e11 - Is Anyone Out There? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Creature Comforts (2003–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Is Anyone Out There? - full transcript 
 Who are the little green men and why do they want to holiday here? Take a journey into the unexpected, as our interstellar friends wrestle with postman etiquette, and the weather. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 All green and slimy... with googly eyes. With googly eyes and little thingies that go up in the air with round bits on the end. -Antennas. -Yeah. With a spaceship. Je tam niekto? I don't believe in aliens really. I don't believe in strange people, strange creatures... and strange anything... because God wouldn't create anything... that's not perfect... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and that's abnormal and strange. No, I don't believe there's alien life on this planet. I believe there's something, but what, we don't know. But I believe there's something we've not been told about like... What do you mean if aliens existed? Aliens do exist. Everybody knows aliens exist. I think if aliens existed, I would think they're about that small. -Some of them. -These are the good ones. That small... and they have quite a big head... and they are very good at sums... and they have small legs and arms. I've no idea what aliens look like. They could look like anything. They might just be a ball of gas or an idea... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 or a particular colored light. The whole conspiracy thing about aliens is absolutely ridiculous. I mean, why on earth would they visit us... to fly around in some farmer's back garden in the back end of beyond in Suffolk... to just bugger off again? It just doesn't make sense whatsoever. And the whole thing about UFO's in the sky... is just beyond me. What is a UFO? -You know what a UFO is? -What does it stand for? Can't remember. Something. What is that? An unidented flying object. No, I've never seen one of them. I don't even know what know one is. So anything that you don't identify... that flies past you is a UFO, isn't it? So basically, if it's a bird that you don't recognize... what's that, you get the book out... you can't identify it, that was a UFO, wasn't it? No, now you're being silly. I've seen a UFO... at a time when UFO's were being sighted in Lancashire. People were saying they had flying saucers coming over the rooftops... "in a suburb of Bolton." "One news reporter claimed to have taken a photograph..." but whether it was a genuine photo is another thing. I came beginning of May in 1984... because it's a beautiful planet. You can see it from quite far. It looks very attractive. It's not as striking the difference that people expect... when they ask, "How different is it than home?" You hate to lapse into this whole stereotype about... how the English people are who live around me. We have radionic equipment... which we call spiritual energy radiators... which have been in operation now for over 30 years. Every unselfish action is potentized... by spiritual energy radiators. You have here like shopping centers inside community centers nowadays. You have people on Saturday take their children to shopping center like... Probably, that's one of the elements of care and community programs they have now. They develop strong enough medication so they can keep you quiet. You can just walk around and look at the bright shiny things. -Yeah. -lt makes you happy. They make these models of aliens. How can they make models of aliens when they've never ever seen an alien? I mean, is that a fuss? -But that's your-- -But is it, you know what I mean? You're allowed to have imagination, aren't you? Yeah, but how can they mold an alien when they've not seen an alien? If somebody asked you what's an alien look like. I couldn't tell 'cause I don't know. I've never seen one. If they say, what do you think it looks like. Again, I wouldn't be able to tell, 'cause I don't know. But wouldn't you have a go at saying... -"l think they might look like this or..." -They could be two foot tall. I think a lot of these portrayals of aliens... comes from people who say they've seen aliens... or they've been beamed up by aliens. Some of these stories people come out with. Do you think they are stories or else do you think they're true? There's no doubt in my mind that these people have had an experience. No. I think that's nonsense. To be honest, I think people have either had too much to drink... or they've just got very imaginative imaginations. I reckon they've been on some sort of waccy baccy type stuff. I reckon if they're saying they've been abducted by it... Glow in the dark like... The first few months in this country, I had to learn... that you do not kiss everybody to say hello... and I did with the postman. I opened the door. There was a postman. I gave him kiss... on his cheek, twice or whatever... and he was absolutely shocked. I've loved the weather here. I know that sounds crazy because everyone always complains about the weather here. It's very temperate. But living in the city... you hardly ever have a freeze. When you do have snow, it's pretty. It melts when it hits the ground, which is ideal. Yeah, I reckon there's quite a few of them roaming round the planet at the moment. I think just the opposite. To be honest, I don't think that at this particular time... aliens do not exist... until someone comes up with the proof that they are existing. There's a lot of proof on that they exist on other planets though, isn't? You know, it may not be, kind of like... we might be looking at sort of... other-looking things in other dimensions... other planes. Doesn't have to be traveling through long distances. Things like the elves and the fairies. Wacky people. Wacky people. Real strange. This is home. Everything is a bit upside down... but that's the way it is. But slowly it's becoming level. I've learned that it's very important to be polite. You have to remember to say certain amount of thank you's and sorry's. You have to say sorry to people you shouldn't really say. You walk on the street and there's a person walking in front of you. Suddenly those two people perform a dance saying, "Sorry." You don't know which way to move. I think that was something which... I felt a bit bemused by that. Yes. Mainly, I just watch Jeremy Paxman. No, as to whether they visited us or not... recently, I couldn't tell you. They might have. Who's to say they ain't here now? My theory is we came from another planet. It's just lies. I don't believe in it. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 