Creature Comforts: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Creature Comforts 
 s1e10 - Being a Bird - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Creature Comforts (2003–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Being a Bird - full transcript 
 What makes a bird stay in the air? How does the homing instinct work, and what happens when a pigeon falls through a skylight? All this and more, as our feathered friends reveal the ups and downs of life in the sky. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 -I'd like to be a bird. -Something like an Andean condor. -Lots of space, sort of-- -Big birds of prey or something like that. Soaring above the mountains and just looking down... and looking for your dinner. A nice big albatross. Knowing my luck, I'll be reincarnated as a sparrow. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Byť vtákom And birds go... And they go... I like to put food out for them. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 -Bread or nuts. -Especially in the winter... 'cause you see them in the trees... and they're sort of looking a bit non-plussed, aren't they? But I put one of those peanut things out recently... thinking I was doing them a good turn. It was, like, ten weeks later... there was no visible sign of any nut disappearing and I thought: "What's this all about?" -I don't know, maybe l-- -Had you opened the bag? You don't open the bag, do you? They're supposed to go through the bag, aren't they? Yeah, I don't think "bland" comes into our eating. We are definitely, what would you say... gourmets or gourmands, whichever word it is. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We like to indulge and enjoy the food really. And I think probably there's a good variety in what we eat. Thai, lndian, Chinese... French, ltalian. -Yeah, whatever. -Traditional British. -As long as it tastes good, I'll eat it, really. -And the best of all, of course, is duck. The only thing you can do is not to make eye contact. As soon as you make eye contact, it just has you. I think it's 'cause you're easy prey. You're a nice little bit of meat. "Nice and small. I guess I'll whip him, whip him round." Perhaps that's what they do. Think "He's quite vulnerable, I'll have this one." When you're up a tree... you're head and shoulders above all the buildings... you can see the contours of the land. There's something immensely liberating about that. It's real freedom to be up there in the wind. How do birds stay up in the air? It's all to do with aerodynamics... and that's far too complicated for me to go into now. Some things aren't worth thinking about, are they like that? -Not all birds stay up in the air, do they? -No, they don't. If you dropped an emu out of an aircraft... -it wouldn't stay in the air would it? -No. The first time I flew myself I was scared silly. But, quickly, started to enjoy it. It's not short of hard work. Every single day, something new, something different. Gotta keep learning. Birds stay in the air through magic. There's all these scientists and naturalists... who think they've got it sussed, but it's all magic. You think it's Peter Pan, do you, lan? They have a happy core. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, birds are happy. That's why they can fly. It's brilliant. When you're flying down the M6... truckers flash their lights when they see you. It's great. There's no better feeling, I think. It's really free, that's good. It's a wonderful feeling. Yeah. You gotta limber up, you gotta loosen up. You gotta get all... You gotta warm it up before you let rip. Yes, I've never flown... except, I have jumped. I'm very brave at some things. I don't like to take off, I don't like to land, do l? Me, personally I do like taking off... the pull of it, like, when you actually take off. Yeah, I do enjoy that sort of thing. The taking off, the surge, acceleration, noise, shaking. And then once you're airborne and everything's stabilized... perfectly all right. Obviously, turbulence isn't much fun... but it's not usually anything to worry about. I've never flown in really bad weather or had a bad experience. If you've got that flying bug, then, I don't think you really lose that. It doesn't matter how many times you take off into dawn... -or landing at sunset. -Yeah. It's just a special thing. I've got the best sense of direction. Anne's got no sense of direction. -None at all. Have you, Anne? -No, definitely not. I haven't got a clue on direction. How to get there, how to get back. No, I haven't got a clue. I could probably lose her round the block. She won't be able to get back, definitely not. Would we say we've got a good sense of direction? I mean, we're blokes aren't we? Of course, we don't have to stop and ask for directions ever. -You never get lost, do you? -I've never been lost at all in my life. I've been temporarily misplaced from time to time, but never actually lost. So I'd say I've got a pretty good sense of direction as well. Without landmarks, I'm lost. Without landmarks, I really am useless. And you take a right and it's down there. Myself, personally, I don't like flying 'cause I don't like heights. But we've never actually ever been on, what I call, a long flight. No. -It's been four hours at the most, hasn't it? -Yeah. How I'd fare on a seven or eleven-hour flight, I just do not know. No, I don't think I'd handle it very well at all, to be honest with you. Pigeons are vermin, man. -Sky rats is what I call pigeons. -I know, man. What we need is a few more peregrine falcons round London. -Or sparrow hawks. -Sort them out, you know what I mean. But it's getting smaller and smaller, the areas we can go to. Yeah, it would be great just to be able to wrought down London's high street. Check me out, everybody, I'm coming past your window. That would be cool. It's not the fear of flying. It's the fear of crashing. People say they're frightened of flying, but they're not. They're frightened of dying. Funnily enough, I've only actually been flying about four times in my life. The last time I went to ltaly in May, and I felt fine. I got over it. I realized it was an irrational fear. But before that, it really was like a white-knuckle ride. To be honest with you, I do have quite a few fears and phobias. I don't like heights either. But flying was a bad one for me for a while. But I'm fine with it now. I don't think I've got fear of heights. Maybe a fear of falling from a great height. Being up on a high place doesn't give me the shivers. Other things do... but not heights. Yeah, I've not got a problem with heights at all. I actually fell through a couple of skylights on roofs, one at Bath Road at Brislington. I actually fell through the skylight and dropped through into the kitchen area. They weren't very happy though. Not for the fact that I cut all my legs. It was for the fact that I had ruined all the dinner. Yes, he'd had a bad accident about two years ago. Flying once, sort of crashed into the ground, didn't you? Shit. It was quite a turbulent day... and I started spinning... and I saw the ground coming up. I was going to crash near people... -and broke my pelvis. -Nasty. Pelvis broke off and came up and hit the first three ribs. -Did the ribs break as well? -They did. -The pelvis broke the ribs? -Yeah. -Lucky you didn't hit your head though. -Yeah. Actually I find that one of the most relaxing sounds there is... -birds singing. -Yeah, lovely. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 