Call the Midwife: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Call the Midwife 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Call the Midwife (2012–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Gangling,clumsy 'Chummy' Browne comes to the convent to gain experience before leaving for Africa as a missionary and is mistrusted by Sister Evangelina because of her upper class background. Nonetheless,on her first solo job,a difficult breach birth,she proves to be an excellent midwife and wins local respect. Jenny befriends pregnant Irish runaway Mary's whom convent head Sister Julienne places in a Catholic home for unmarried mothers where she has a daughter.Jenny is shocked to learn that Mary was only fifteen and,as a result, the child was given away for adoption without her consent. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (BELL CHIMING) (FOGHORN BLOWING) MATURE JENNY: I used to think that night was a time for women. All day the docks were raucous with the lives of men. Lightermen and stevedores, dockers and pilots, the sailors and the drivers of the trains. In the smallest hours, only the river's voice was heard. Only women were awake. -(KETTLE WHISTLES) - Men slept Mostly -(WOMAN SCREAMS AND CRIES) -(KETTLE WHISTLES) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 (WOMAN SCREAMS) Are you sure you're a midwife? You don't half look young. Don't worry, Ingrid. You're quite safe. (INGRID GROANING) (Boss) I'll kill him! I'll bloody kill him when I'm done! (SCREAMS AND CRIES) - Short breaths. -(GASPING) There. MATURE JENNY: She wouldn't kill him. No mother ever did. She would only curse his name, and say there'd never be a next time. BABY CRYING) - And she would mean it. And there always was. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 SISTER: # O God, make speed to save us ALL". # O Lord, make haste to help us SKSTER: # Glory be to the Father and to the Son # And to the Holy Ghost ALL". # As it was in the beginning ls now, and ever shall be # World without end, amen SISTER: # Praise ye the Lord ALL". # The Lord's name be praised SISTER: # Have merry upon ma, O God # After Thy great goodness ALL". # According to the multitude of Thy mercies # Do away mine of fences # Wash me throughly from my wickedness Zakir. I'm with someone. # And cleanse me from my sin # (INDISTINCT TALKING) Take him to the Crystal Room. (BIRD CHIRPING) Oh, she's a bit of all right. I'm going to call her Dawn. It's a beautiful name. - Ah, hug, hug. -(BABY GURGLES) - That's it, nicely. There's a good girl. -(BABY CRIES) - Baby. - Baby, yeah. -(COINS CLINK) -(INDISTINCT TALKING) Don't short-change me. It's eight bob, if I bring you inside. CHARMAINEI Thought he'd dropped off on the job. I tell you what, some of them lascars, they don't half rub off on you. Mary! You've got one in the oven. Is it any wonder? There's things you can do, Mare. Things you'll have to do. And what if I won't? You can't keep it. They won't let you. (FOGHORN BLOWING) MATURE JENNY: {had entered a house 1?? the dead of night, and emerged into sunshine, leaving a new life behind, and I wouldn't have changed my job for all the world. Oh, hello, jenny! Up all night again? Mrs B kept you a kipper. I'd be quick, if I were you, or Fred will have it. I heard that, and I hate kippers. I tried smoking 'em once. It's a mug's game. Flat tyre. Three advance delivery packs, one booking-in and two final home visits. Nurse Lee! How is Mrs Mason? A little girl, Sister. No complications. Good. You'll have to see to Sister Bernadette's list later. She's been seconded to the hospital today. (PHONE RINGING) Nonnatus House. Midwife speaking. -(SIGHS) Short-staffed again. - The new trainee is on her way. I can't deny I'm looking forward to an extra pair of hands. Doreen Riley. She's the twins case in Quebec Street. We don't need an extra pair of hands. We need an octopus. When I get back from Mrs Riley, I'll contact the aquarium. In the meantime, the new girl's details are on here. (BELL CHIMES) Ah! Camilla Fortescue-Cholmeley-Browne? - Yes. - Come in. I generally answer to Chummy. My pa used to say, "Long dogs need short names". Mm. Follow me. And mind your head. I understand you qualified by a whisker, Nurse Fortescue-Cholmeley-Browne. I did pass. It was a bit of a scrape. Before that I was nursing for five years, and, well... Come on, inside. Do you need me to go through this piece by piece? No, not remotely. What's that? - It's an enema nozzle. - It's made of glass. - Do you break things? - No. - And are all your dresses pink? - I do have another, in eau de nil. I bet you look a picture in that, too. - Nurse Lee! -(CHINA RATTLES) (KNOCK AT DOOR) -(DOOR OPENS) - JENNY: Uniforms. Standard pale blue. Two. - I found some in the airing cupboard. - All girls together. That's what we used to say at school. I could never bear all that fussing and flapping under dressing capes. (CHUCKLES) I've always been a longshanks. Even as a child in India, I was always taller than my brothers. Poor old Mater, she used to be in tears, but my ayah just sewed flounces at the bottom of my frocks. It would look a bit rum round the hem of a nurse's outfit. Oh, I can't move my arms. Those are the biggest size. Oh, well. Nil desperandum. The rotating handle is delicately mechanised. The cogs will be deranged if it's pounded out of rhythm. Oh, don't worry, I've got the measure of this little warhorse. I was at the Royal School of Needlework before I turned to nursing. (SEAGULLS CRYING) Have you thought of French knots, to make that jolly fellow's hair? I intend to furnish it with a beret. - The scalp will not be visible to view. - Oh. MAN ON RADIO: # Embrace me # Embrace me # Embrace me # My sweet... # My sweet embraceable you # Embrace me # My irreplaceable you #1115? one look at you # My heart grew -(MAN LAUGHS) -(STAIR CREAKS) (CREAKING) # Bring out the gypsy in me # I love # All the many charms about you (MAN TALKING) # Above all (DOOR CREAKS) # Ooh, ooh, ooh, I# I thank you and I love you all. Oh, I wish I could make my own patterns. I'd save a bomb on clothes. Yes. I've loved clothes ever since the Newioo/r. TRIXIE: NewLoo/Hs old hat, darling. Aren't you bored of ironing all those layers? Oh, no. I'm only wearing four tomorrow night. No room for six in the Royal Festival Hall. Another concert? On your own? Yes. Rachmaninoff. (GASPS) Oh. I've chopped Princess Margaret's head off. I was cutting out the sleeve. She'll be giving me one of her hard cold stares. I'm sure she'll forgive you. I always think she looks like fun. Oh, she's frightfully vivacious when she's had a gin and it. Not that I know her well. No, I haven't really seen her since Pa's investiture. - Investiture? - Yes, he was just... Well, he was knighted for, uh, services to the viceroy. I'd keep that from Sister Evangelina. - Why? - Oh, well. By all accounts, she grew up drinking out of jam jars. It's made her a bit of an inverted snob. -(DOOR OPENS) - FRED: Right, young madam. Bicycles. I've got a very nice Rival of Norwich, with a lightweight frame. Or a Rover Imperial, which I reckon's come off the ark. The choice is yours. Oh, I don't need a bicycle. Thanks awfully. Shanks' pony will suffice for me. Darling, you won't last five minutes on shanks' pony. We cover eight square miles. You can ride a bike? I can ride a horse. That can't be so very different, surely? The thing you have to remember is that once somebody's learned to ride a bicycle, they never, ever forget. Absolutely. So, you're only going to have to do this once. It's like learning to smoke or having your ears pierced. Quite. - Ready? - Oh! Oh, gosh, urn... - Buckle down. - Uh... Oh. - All right. - Yes, feet on. - And go. - Oh, urn... - Keep going. - You want to tie her to our go-kart? - You want to button your lip. - I'm sure he means well. -(LAUGHTER) - Feet. - What? - Feet. - Yes. - Feet! Work your feet, Chummy. - Feet. - Yes. Oh! Down. Pedal up, pedal down. - Oh, no! Sorry. Sorry. -(BIKE BELL RINGS) It's just this alternate body parts business. Feet, you know, doing different things. One fears there is something in her that is misaligned. One suspects a planetary influence. CHILDREN: Pedal up! Pedal down! - Pedal up! Pedal down! - The East End'll eat her for breakfast. (TRAIN WHISTLE BLOWS) (TRAIN CHUFFING) (INHALES SHARPLY) Miss? Miss? Could you change a five-pound note for me? A five-pound note? No, I'm sorry. I can't. What about in that café over there? Oh, no, I daren't. They'll think I stole it. Would you go in and change it for me? I'm sorry. Please! I've not eaten today. Nor yesterday. Well, I suppose we could go in together. We could get you something to eat. I could pay using the banknote, so if anyone sees they'll think it's mine. (HORSE CLOPPING) MAN: Rag and bone! Rag and bone! First dinner I ever had in England was like this. That pie was in silver paper, too. It was in the transport café. That's near Liverpool. You're not from Liverpool, though? County Mayo. Then Dublin, after Dadda died. That was where our luck ran out. And Mum fell in love with the drink. I don't like it when people pry. I shouldn't pry myself. I'm sorry. She'll be on the cold tea and meths by now. She used to tell me the story of Dick Whittington and his cat, and how they came to London and he heard the bells. I used to think, "What sort of an eejit goes off to make his fortune -"and takes his cat with him?" -(CHUCKLES) When she took a man to live with us, I knew I'd have to leave. I thought, "I'll take a leaf out of Dick Whittington's book. "I'm just not taking any pets." I thought the boat went from Dublin straight to London. I didn't know there was any other city. And I hitched a ride from Liverpool docks. It was the driver who bought me the pie. Did he take advantage of you? I like your scarf. JENNY: It's from Paris. Is that what the writing on it says? Did the lorry driver take advantage of you? No. He was the last good Englishman I met. It's just... - I can see you're expecting a baby. - Can you? I've a trained eye. I'm a midwife. You're not old enough. - I'm older than you. - Sorry, girls. I'm closing me till. That's two and nine, please. I can't change that. Haven't you got anything smaller? If you can't change this banknote, we can't pay for the meal. Which, of course, has now been eaten. (BOTH GIGGLING) Four pounds seventeen and thruppence. (DOG BARKING) Is there somewhere you can go? There's the place I used to work. But, if I go there, they'll hurt me. (TRAIN CHUFFING) People like you are supposed to help people like me. (TRAIN CHUFFING) Come on. I can't wake Sister Julienne now. It's the middle of the night, and the nuns get up to pray at 4:30. I hate 4: 30. It's cold, even in the summer. Will she let me stay? She'll know where you can stay. I thought you were one of my sort. Only of the grand kind. It was your lovely coat, and the way you let it swing when you were walking. There's a girl called Charmaine in the place where I was living with Zakir. She said she was gonna go up West and wear white gloves and a touch-me-not expression. She probably thought she could look like you. (CLOCK TICKING) Mary, is Zakir the father of your child? I don't think so. It's such a long time since he wanted me. And some nights I've been with three men. Even four. God love your innocence, Nurse jenny Lee. Which of us is the oldest now? (CLOCK TICKING) (SEAGULLS CRYING) You're not still up? Bit of an argument with the bust darts. - Night. - Night. (SHOUTING AND CHEERING) - Pedal up. - Up. - Pedal down. - Down. - Pedal up. - Up. - Pedal down. - Getting it! Getting it! Bravo, Chummy! CHILDREN: # Champion the Wonder Horse! # Champion the Wonder Horse! I'm so proud of you, Chummy! # Like a streak of lightning flashing across the sky # Like the swiftest arrow whizzing from a bow -\/\/ell done, Chummy! - Oh! # You'll hear about her everywhere you go # Oh! Oh, no! Aah! (LAUGHTER) - Move out of the way, please. - Are you all right? (MARY SOBBING) (CLOCK TICKING) I'm not going out of that door! I'm safe here! You'll be safe with Father Joe at Wellclose Square. He's set up a refuge for girls like you. I'm not going out! Someone will see me. You're very afraid of something, aren't you, Mary? (MARY SNIFFLES) If you can tell us what it is, you may be able to help us help you. There was a girl with a baby in her. And they sent for a woman to come. She had a hook, like the one you knit with. I had to help to hold her down. And there was blood, like in a butcher's. Did the girl lose the baby? (Boss) There was a chamberpot in the corner of our room. It had violets printed on the china. And I saw the baby in there, no bigger than my hand. My baby's bigger than my hand now. I can feel it underneath my heart. - JULIENNE: Mary. - (MARY SOBS) We're not a nursing home, or a clinic. (MARY SOBBING) This is where the midwives live. We look after women in the community. When you go to Father Joe's, you'll be in the community and we'll look after you. I'll go if jenny comes. Fred's mending the dent on your mudguard, and you've got gravel in that. Botheration. You are going to have to get cycling under your belt. You'll have to find time for it, just like you've got to find time for your extra study. I know, Sister. I know I barely scratched a pass at my exams. But I won't give up. If you can't serve your patients, you're a hindrance, not a help, and you'll have to be replaced. But I need district experience. Without it, I can't go to Africa. What do you want to go there for? Aren't we good enough for you? I feel I've been called to work in Africa by God. Do you feel called to the religious life? Oh, gosh, no. One always hopes there might be some sort of a chap along the way. I'm quite happyjust to be a missionary. (CLOCK CHIMES) But when I close my eyes to pray, I see all these little black faces. You don't have to up sticks to Africa to see them. You just need to go a bit nearer the docks. It's not that far. By bicycle. (CROCKERY CLINKING) That's the place I used to work. It's all right. I'm not taking you anywhere near there. Yes, you are! No! You are! No, no, no! Do you know him? -(BELL RINGS) - No. (CHINA CLINKING) Tea for three. I hope you've no objection to fig rolls. Never had one. Are they foreign? Probably. I never reckoned they were up to much. They taste like treacle wrapped in a doormat. I'm not a fallen woman. No. I had a boyfriend. His name was Zakir. He took me in, when he found me eating bread left for the birds. But he worked for his uncle. And I had to work for his uncle, too. We understand that you were forced. There is no shame in it. There isn't for the men. (SIGHS) It's a pimp's trick, old as the hills. A young man finds a vulnerable girl, lures her to bed with a kiss and kind words. (CHURCH BELLS RINGING) By the time he's finished with her, she'd do anything for him. But don't the girls have any sense of danger? They've usually been in danger all their lives. If not from violence, then from hunger and disease. It's hard to imagine, I grant you, if you've never lived like that. I work in the East End, Father. I know about poverty. Nurse, I don't think you do. Poverty isn't bad housing, dirty clothing, families of 10. It's never having been loved, or even respected. Not knowing the difference between love and abuse, a kiss that wasn't down payment on a blow. I'm sorry. You must think me very ignorant. I think you're very fortunate. And there's no need to apologise for that. SISTER: # O God, make speed to save us SISTERS: # O Lord, make haste to help us SISTER: # Praise ye the Lord SISTERS: # The Lord's name be praised SISTER: # Have merry upon ma, O God # After Thy great goodness SXSTERS". # According to the multitude of Thy mercies # Do away mine of fences # Wash me throughly from my wickedness # And cleanse me from my sin # (INDISTINCT TALKING) (PANTING) - What happened to the Wonder Horse? -\/\/ill you put a sock in it? You've got a voice like you've swallowed a foghorn! Good afternoon, Nurse. Afternoon. Excuse me. Size of her. She could pull a brewer's dray. - (BABIES CRYING) - (INDISTINCT TALKING) I hope everyone's brought their sample today. Oh, not the syrup tin again, Mrs Teeman. It plays havoc with the sugar test. (BABY CRYING) Ah, good afternoon. Or is it good evening? You're with Dr Turner. Cubicle on the end. Hello, Brenda! I never thought I'd be bumping into you here! I remarried. Two years ago. Well, that's a poke in the eye for Adolf, innit? How did you lose your first husband again? In the Blitz. When the sugar works caught fire. Oh, will I ever forget it? The gutters were running with fudge for a week. Huh. - You're happy, I presume? - Delighted. Aren't you? Ah, I come round to the idea. I was disgusted at first. I mean, it don't seem right, does it? Mother of the bride being in the family way. Her Wedding's in a fortnight. I've had to buy one of those trapeze-line coats. Mrs Brenda McEntee to see Dr Turner. - Good luck, love. - Thank you. (BABY CRYING) Bowels been normal and regular? Yeah. - Any vomiting or nausea? - No. That's stopped. Any swelling of the ankles? Any fainting or dizziness? - No. - Then we'll examine your tummy. Mrs McEntee had rickets as a child, and has a skeletal malformation as a result, including what's known as a rachitic pelvis. - Have you come across it before? - No, I haven't. Mrs McEntee is a rare bird. She was deprived of sunlight and malnourished as a child. Rickets was a disease of poverty. Now we have the welfare state it's become a disease of the past. As are the problems of pregnancy she experienced in the past. (SOBBING) - Now, come along, Mrs McEntee. -(SOBS) I've been coming along! I've... I've been trying to be brave. But I had the quickening this week. I've felt it move. Like the others moved. (SOBBING) And I lost every one of them. Mrs McEntee had four obstructed labours, many years ago. - Her babies were stillborn. -(SOBS) But we can refer her for surgery now, all free of charge. There's no need to attempt a natural childbirth. (SOBBING) I'm sorry. It's just that... Well, things come back, you know. Did you hear Doctor, Brenda? This a brand-new baby, and a splendid chance for you. We're all here to help, and Doctor's going to help most of all. BRENDA: I... I know. I... I'm making a show of myself. Not at all. Now, let's start by letting him look at that old tummy. (CLATTER AND SMASH) - Look out! -(BABIES CRYING) EVANGELINA: I hope you take greater care of the babies. They're not quite so easily replaced. Well done. You made Brenda McEntee feel safe. Magic handkerchief. Never known to fail. No. You made her feel safe. It's the mark of a good nurse. A midwife, too. Everything else is just mechanics. You'll soon get the hang of it. Do you think so? Yes, I do. (YOU BELONG 7'0 ME PLAYING) # See the pyramids along the Nile # Watch the sun rise on a tropic isle #1115? remember, darling, all the while # You belong to me # See the marketplace in old Algiers # Send me photographs and souvenirs # But remember when a dream appears # You belong to me # I'll be so alone # BERNADETTEI We like t0 hold refresher classes when we can. Some complications come up only rarely, and it's as well to stay on top of all the theory. Now. Approximately 3 to 4% of babies arriving at term are born breech. That is to say, the buttocks and not the head will be the presenting part. Didn't Shakespeare describe Richard III as being breech? Uh, something about him coming into the world with his legs forward? In Poplar they call it arriving arse-first. (SNORTS) Did anyone see any breech births during training? I saw two. I saw one, the second of a set of twins. Nurse Browne? - Oh, urn, I did and I didn't. - Oh? All tickety-boo to start with, then after the legs descended, the midwife wrapped the baby in a towel and let its body hang there. It was dangling. Still with its head inside the birth canal. Yes. That is done to increase the flexion of the head. MONICAJOANI It increases the risk of asphyxiation. It is a showman's trick, in my view. - How long was it allowed to hang? - I don't know. I suddenly felt all peely-wally and passed out. Came to face down on the lino in the corridor. Nurse Fortescue-Cholmeley-Browne? According to the duty log, you were late for your first three appointments, and missed the last two altogether! Sister Evangelina, Chummy wrote those entries in the log herself! Oh? As if it's something to be proud of? Chummy has to walk everywhere. Then why isn't she doing something about it? MONICAJOAN: "Blow, winds, and crack your cheeks! Rage! "Blow! Ye cataracts and hurricanes, spout." Sister Monica Joan... I refer to the fact that her nose is running. Oh. Here you are. You need to have more respect for your patients. If you can't be trusted to turn up on time, you can't be trusted to do your own deliveries, no matter how much studying you do. (BLOOD-PRESSURE METER INFLATES) I love it every time it kicks. All I can think is, "Please let it be born strong". Everything else can wait till later. Quite right, too. You just need to keep resting and eating as much as you can. That's it. Perfect. I could get used to perfect. I can't get used to them fig rolls. They'll do you good. They've got fruit in. The night I met Zakir, he gave me chocolate cake with fruit in. He'd given me wine to drink, and I hadn't liked it. The cake was supposed to make the wine taste sweeter, but it only made it taste more sour. You can open the curtains now, Mary. I've finished examining you. MARY: It was after that that he took me to the Crystal Room. I knew what men did to women. I'd had it done to me. And I didn't think it could be beautiful or that it could happen on a bed with golden sheets. Mar)'- He said afterward s, "Did you think anything like that could ever come to you?" As if he knew I'd never known it could. Mar)'- What Zakir did to you was obscene, not beautiful. You shouldn't speak of him. You shouldn't think of him. I can't help it. He's standing in the street. He comes and stands there every afternoon. I don't care how many calls I have to make or how far we have to send her. But I am going to get her out of Stepney. She's younger than most, she's not sharp in the head, and she's valuable to them on both those counts. Right. MATURE JENNY: A plane was found for Mary at a Catholic mother-and-baby home in Kent. She would be cared for there, with her child delivered in the cottage hospital. Thank you for being my friend, jenny Lee. Well done, Chummy! We're going to go straight ahead and then turn right into Lisbon Street. - Don't forget your hand signals. - I just stick out my arm, don't I? Medal for that woman! Slow down now, Chum! How? - Lean in as you turn. - I don't know how to turn. I've forgotten how to turn! (ALL SQUEAL) Brake! Brake, Nurse! (BELLS RING) - They were going too fast. -(FOGHORN BLOWING) -(GROANS) - All right? That's it. You all right, Nurse? - I think so. - All right, darling? All right, take it easy. Come out of there. Anything hurt? Oh, dear, I'm such a fool. Sorry. Just take a minute. First, I'm glad that none of you are more seriously injured, and, second, that you aren't all up before the magistrates. How did you persuade the policeman not to charge you? Assaulting an officer is a criminal offence. I can't remember what I said. I just tried to say it as nicely as I could. "Sweet voice, sweet lips, soft hand, and softer breast. "Warm breath, light whisper, tender semi-tone." Not even the softness of the breast or any other portion of the form helped to turn away the policeman's wrath. I don't care if they did. Nurse Fortescue-Cholmeley-Browne has got off scot-free. We're short-staffed and our patients will suffer. Nurse Browne was diagnosed with shock and mild concussion. After bed rest, she will recover and then she'll be attending deliveries by herself. She's not competent! Cycling aside, she's competent enough. She is a qualified midwife and a highly experienced nurse. There's experience and experience. What experience has she got of ordinary people? What experience have they got of her? They like her. They laugh at her. And they've every right. She's no better than a tourist. She's using them for her own ends. The East End's nothing but a stepping stone to her. What if it's the stepping stone to her life's work? This is our life's work. We don't need Madame Lah-di-dah looking down on us from her great height! Nurse Browne! - What are you doing out of bed? - I've been to the off-licence. To buy some whisky for the policeman. Thank you. I asked if they had the Glenlivet, but they'd never heard of it. (BIRDS CHIRPING) (INDISTINCT TALKING) #1115? one look at you # My heart grew tipsy in me # I called her Kathleen. It means pure. It's a shame you gave that Scotch to the bobby. You could have done with a nip tonight. Do you suppose this is how fighter pilots felt, waiting for the call to fly? I dunno. I was an Army man myself. Pioneer Corps. Gosh. One of the glamour boys? Well, I specialised in lavatories. It's a myth that an army marches on its stomach. What your fighting man needs is a top-notch khazi. -(PHONE RINGS) - And not to panic. Like Monty said at El-Alamein, "It can be done, and it will be done!" (PHONE RINGING) Nonnatus House. Midwife speaking. My daughter's waters went, all over the carpet, when they cut the wedding cake. - And is the lady in labour the bride? - Br/de's mother. I'd hurry up if I was you. This is her fifth, and she don't half have 'em fast. I looked in the book. She's two weeks before her due date so nothing's been sent on ahead! Thank you. Oh, you put a nip of something in it. - Army trick. - Before going into battle? Before going into the other ranks' latrines. (CHILDREN SHOUTING) ALL: Oh, the hokey-cokey! Oh, the hokey-cokey! - Oh, the hokey-cokey! - Whoo-hoo! Knees bent, arms stretched, rah, rah, rah! # You put your left leg in! You put your left leg out! # In! Out! In! Out! Shake it all about! # You do the hokey-cokey and you turn around # That's what it's all about! Run for your lives! # Oh, the hokey-cokey # - Watch it! - Look out! Get out the way! -(LOUD CLATTERING) -(BIKE BELL RINGS) I will not have you giving cheek! Especially to the nurse who's come to help your mum. Here! What you walloping him for? Disrespect. Come here. I know your wallops. You're too soft on him. The midwife had a moustache. (CHUCKLES) She kept bending down between my knees and looking where I don't like being looked at. I yelled a Little bit. She kept on saying, "Nearly over. "Nearly over." And all I kept thinking was, "It's nearly starting. "I'm nearly a mum." JENNY: What was it like when you saw her face? Like I'd been missing her my whole life. -(WEDDING PARTY SINGING OUTSIDE) -(SCREAMING) (SOBBING) That's the girl! Let it rip. They're singing Old Marflona/d now so no one can hear you. Now, after your contraction, I'll carry out an examination, and we'll see how close to delivery you are. I hope it's born before the party ends. Be a right lark, making an announcement! I don't want no attention being drawn to this, Mum! I'm 42. It makes me look loose. - It makes him indoors look loose. - Oh! You should have made him take up dominoes. Oi! My tortoise is under that bed! - It went into early hibernation. -\/\/ell, he won't wake up. All tortoises are deaf. - Now come on. Shoo. - Oh. - Come on, out you go. -(MURMURS) (GASPING) This is happening too fast. I haven't even had my enema yet. (GASPING) Ooh. Everything in order, Nurse? It would seem, Betty, as though your baby is presenting in the breech position. You what? It's coming out arse-first. That's bad. She's not quite fully dilated. So, there's time to transfer her to hospital, where she might feel a little more secure. I feel secure here! I want to stay in my own bed. And it's not like you're one of them slips of girls. Betty's had all hers delivered by Nonnatus, just like I had mine. Mum. Quick, get the bowl. - (RETCHING AND COUGHING) - Ooh. She's moving on, Nurse. She's getting ready to want it out. I shall be back in precisely one moment. (GROANING AND COUGHING) (CHILDREN CLAMOURING) (CHILDREN SHOUTING) BOY: Get him! (SHOUTING) -(LAUGHTER) - Stop! I want all the children to go downstairs. Apart from jack. Jack, I need you to go to the telephone and ring Nonnatus House. That's Poplar 459. Tell them the baby is breech. What's that mean? Just say "breech" to whoever answers the telephone. It's like the beach, the seaside. But it's got an R in it. Tell them we need additional support. Go. (BETTY GASPING) Betty. Betty, listen to me. I need you to change position. What? I need you with your bottom right at the edge of the bed. I can't move. I'm sorry. I know it's a rotten business. But I do know the form. (BETTY GROANS) (CONGA MUSIC PLAYING) CROWD: Hey! Hey! (PHONE RINGS) Nonnatus House? Well done. I can feel your hand. It's shaking. It's excitement. I'm always the same. -(CONGA MUSIC PLAYING) - CROWD: Hey! Hey! Hey! - CROWD: Whoa! - Can I sit with you? I told them to keep on dancing. I told them your mum says the noise is a help. Now, Betty. I'm sure you want to push like billyo. But I need this baby to come very, very slowly. So...pant. - Pant, pant. -(PANTING) - Little push. -(GRUNTS) Little push. Stop. -(GASPING) - Bravo. Little push. - Little push. -(BETTY GASPING) - Little push. Stop. -(GRUNTS) (GASPING) Bravo, Betty. Your baby's bottom is now delivered. Now, I need you to stay very still, breathe very calmly as I hook my fingers over her legs and bring them into the world. Have you done it yet? - We're doing this together. - Yeah. Oh! (GASPING) Here, your hand's not shaking no more. Now, Betty, I'm going to wrap the baby in a towel. Her head is still inside the birth canal, and, if she becomes cold, she may gasp, which would be unfortunate. (GRUNTING) Now, with the next contraction, you will feel the baby move, as I turn herjust a quarter circle, and that will help ease the shoulders out. (GASPS AND GROANS) (BETTY GULPS) Well done. -(CONGA MUSIC PLAYING) - CROWD: Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! She should have called you direct. Doctor is always called for in the case of a breech. You called for me. Now we're both here. Now, Betty, I don't want you to move a muscle. (GRUNT $3 I'm going to loosen my hand on Baby and let her body hang. (SOBS AND GASPS) (BETTY WHIMPERS) Oh. Oh. - Not a muscle, Betty. - Ah. Can we have quiet for the mother, please? EVANGELINA: Why are you holding back? It looks to me as though Nurse is managing things beautifully. (BETTY GASPING) Now, old thing. Push. (LONG GROAN) - Keep it coming. -(SOBS) Keep it coming. (BETTY GROANING) That's it. - Keep it coming. Keep it coming. -(GROANING) (BETTY SOBBING) -(\/\/OMEN SIGH AND CRY) -(BABY CRIES) - Oh! -(BABY CRYING) Hello. My baby. -(BABY CRYING) - Come on, you big girl's blouse. - It's only a baby being born. -(SNIFFLES) (BABY GRIZZLES) (BABY CRIES) (BABY CRYING) - You're all right. -(BABY'S CRYING SUBSIDES) (WHISPERS) Thank you. Gone to sleep already. just like her dad. (SEAGULLS CRYING) Kathleen! (SOBS) Kathleen! (SOBS) Kathleen! (DOOR SLAMS) Kathleen! Kathleen! Jenny Lee. Do you know where my baby is? She needs me to feed her! She has abscesses in both breasts! Isn't her mental agony enough for them? Babies are always placed for adoption in these cases. It's thought to be in the child's best interests. What about Mary's best interests? She's that child's mother and she did not consent! Nurse Lee. She can't consent. She's only 15, still legally a child herself. It was a case of which child should we choose. How can a girl of 15 with no home, no education, no trade other than that of prostitution, bring up a baby? She gave up prostitution. She doesn't have that choice. And you're not the only one who's angry! (SIGHS) But you're young. You can be angry in the abstract, and our Lord will love you for your righteous indignation. Even while Mary's condemned as a sinner? God forgives. The Church forgives. The Church took her baby. I think it will kill her. Without a baby, Mary is employable. She could find love. She could have another child. And you think that will console her? It consoles me. Your milk ducts have become blocked, Mary. That's the cause of the infection. It hurts. It hurts like I never knew hurt could hurt. Reverend Mother has sent for the doctor. He'll prescribe you antibiotics. In the meantime, I'm going to bind your breasts so we can help stop the flow of milk. I don't want it stopped. It's Kathleen's. Can I use this? (BELL CHIMING) MATURE )ENNY: Mary was never reunited with her child. She might look for her, but her name would not be Kathleen any more. a? Love # Is a many-spfendoured thing jack became Chummy's devoted guardian. Never 'taunted again by any passer-by, she finally mastered the art of the bike. a? Love is nature's way... a? All right, Constable? MATURE )ENNY: Unused to such kindness, Chummy bought him a bicycle from her generous private funds. (BABY CRIES) Brenda McEntee delivered a daughter by the Caesarean section that could have saved each of her stillborn children. The National Health Service gave her the gift of motherhood. - She called her child Grace Miracle. - {B ABY GURGLEQ And she was perfect. jimmy? What on earth are you doing here? I'm in a bit of a tight spot, jenny. Don't worry, Nurse Lee, I shan't go telling any tales, since you've no doubt caught sight that I had a few overnight guests of my own. - You look well. - And you. Very well. - As do you. -(CLEARS THROAT) It's not right, Mr Collett. They can't make you leave your own home. Don't cry over an old codger like myself. - I'm scared! - We're going to take good care of you. - Don't worry. - You don't understand. I'm scared. What are you so afraid of, Mrs Luce? A? Once # On a high and windy hill # 1n the morning mist # Two lovers kissed # And the world stood still # Then your fingers touched # 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 