Call the Midwife: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Call the Midwife 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Call the Midwife (2012–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 Jenny speaks to her ex-lover again, while Sister Monica Joan lands herself in trouble with the police. Chummy receives a visit from her snobbish, imperious mother which forces her to reconsider her relationship with Peter. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru Newborns are always beautiful. They cannot fail to make the heart sing, for even the plainest faces are alive with promise. But I have always seen beauty in old age too. Light shines through the bone, exquisite even as it flickers, even as it flutters and dims towards the end. ♪ The Lord himself is thy keeper... ♪ Where is Sister Monica Joan? ♪ The Lord is thy defence ♪ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No peace for the wicked. Nonnatus House, midwife speaking. Which one? Well, it isn't your girlfriend! Have you been up all night tormented by visions of her loveliness? No, I was on the beat and I came across something... rather untoward. Is Sister Julienne there? Sister Julienne's away on retreat. Sister Bernadette's in charge until she returns. Sister. Sister! Where did you find her? Down on the pier. The wind was wicked and she had nothing on her feet. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, you poor thing. Run inside and make up a hot-water bottle. And some tea! I have had tea and it was most acceptable. This, conversely, fails to impress. It smells somewhat of perspiration and a great deal of regurgitated ale. She seems quite distracted. Thank you so much for finding her. It's fine. I'm just worried... Sister! Jesus... washed the feet of the disciples. Yeah, I bet they weren't tramping all over Poplar, walking in dog muck and motor oil and worse. I don't like the sound of that. I'll ring for Dr Turner. How did she get out dressed like that? We love Sister Monica Joan, Doctor, and do the best we can for her, but it wouldn't be right to lock her in her room. Besides, the truth is, we don't know whether she has dementia or whether she's just wilfully eccentric. I understand. There are more medical treatises written about senile decay than you can shake a stick at. But I keep to one invariable diagnostic rule, if they're brought back by a policeman in their nightie then they've got it. For now, the pneumonia is the real concern. The old people's friend. If they are ready to go, it takes them gently. We could try penicillin, but if she has any family, I think they should be sent for. She's been estranged from her family since she took her vows. The head of our order, Mother Jesu Emmanuel, is really her next of kin. I will call her at once. I will not have rotting matter put into my veins. If you don't take this penicillin, you will be rotting matter! I note I am getting the silver tongue treatment. Are you trying to summon up a fart? No, Sister, I am praying for strength. Everybody's asking how she is. And a lady called just now and left these roses. Mm, roses. There'll be roses on her coffin if she won't take the proper treatment. Mother Jesu, if she finds out, she'll be outraged. Mother Jesu is coming in love and very possibly to say goodbye. We are not going to lose Sister Monica Joan. She is going to take that penicillin even if it kills us. I suppose you think I'm suffering a dark night of the soul, Mother Jesu? A spiritual crisis? No, my dear, I think you are ill and in need of powerful drugs. Your spirit seems rather robust to me. I miss my mother. I never thought I would when old age came to claim me... for she tried me very sorely in my youth. I think it's cruel that I should miss her now. All this can be remedied. You are in for a treat, Sister. Penicillin's a wonder drug. Penicillin won't change the world. Nostradamus says nothing about it. And Nostradamus was an apothecary. Nurse Browne, there is a letter for you. And one for Nurse Lee. Sister Monica Joan, you're back with us. The quadrants are in alignment, the Moon is in Venus. We are all of us exactly where we should be. It's from my mother. She's on her way to London from Madeira. Better not tell Sister Monica Joan. She might think there's cake involved. Mater comes over twice a year to get her dresses fitted. And she wants to come to see me - here at Nonnatus House. How nice. Ask her for tea. We'll roll out the red carpet for her. Why doesn't your mother meet you in the West End? You could go to Fortnum's and have some of their blissful scones. Sounds like she wants a tour of inspection. I think she may have caught wind of the big romance. Possibly. Oh, all right. I added a PS to my last letter and put, "Walking out with a chap." Then, in brackets, "in uniform". You tease! One couldn't resist. It's the news she's wanted all her life. Oh, I forgot, letter for you. "Dear Jenny... "Why did I choose to telephone that day? "That one day of all the days since we last met. "Why not telephone you, when we made each other happy? "We were nothing but careful, Jenny. "But we broke two hearts for the sake of saving one. "This has been such a long silence, don't let it last for ever. "I would so like to see you. "With love, Gerald." That's better. Catherine Powell. My back's been killing me. I hate to say it, but I think flat shoes might be a little more comfortable. No, heels are my trademark. First thing my fella noticed about me when we first met was my pink stilettos. Well, that and my legs, presumably. This is your first visit. And your doctor seems to be in... Hull. Yeah, I only came to London yesterday. My fella, he's a bit of a dozy drawers when it comes to writing letters so I thought I'd just come here and give him a surprise. And did you? Well, he wasn't there. Away at sea, I reckon. No. No wedding ring yet, but I'm sure that'll change when he comes home. And where are you staying now? At his place. I let myself in. Is this going to take long? I don't want to be away if he comes home. Not long. We do need to go through all your details and get you properly booked in. We like to do a home visit before the baby's due. Check your living conditions. What for? Home delivery. I'd also like to examine you as well and I'd also make sure you've got your dates right. I'm seven months, two weeks on the dot. Looking at you, I think you may be a little further on. No, I met Billy on my birthday, my birthday was seven months, two weeks ago. I'm sorry but I don't really have much time. COMMOTION OUTSIDE CURTAIN Stand back, get some air! Jenny, can you spare a moment? We've got a fainter. I'll be back in one minute. That's good, just lie down. All right. Just keep breathing. In through your nose, out through your mouth. Childbearing, you have to have the stamina of an athlete. Here, Nurse, can you make her better? I'll get some water. Sister... Oh, I heard you was poorly. Oh, I'm that glad to see you out and about again. Can I tempt you to a bit of fruit today? On the house, you take your pick. How very kind. Oh... I will not suffer my pale forehead to be kissed by nightshade. Or the ruby grape of Proserpine. I'll have a pound of those pears. My pleasure. All Saints' Crypt, May Blitz, 1941. A girl, born as they sounded the all-clear. You remember! Yes. If you could deliver those to Nonnatus House, I'd be much obliged. Madam's usual. A quart of whelks. Terrific. I can smell the vinegar from here. Can't tempt you to a bit of jellied eel? No, ta. It's far too much like salmon in aspic. I had quite enough of that in my debutante days. We'll have to bring your mum here. Over my supine corpse! Tea in the best cups, with the nuns, and that's the lot. I'm looking forward to it. I'm not. You met my parents, we came through that. Is the dog's paw better? He gets under people's feet. It wasn't your fault. Mater's coming on Wednesday. You'll have to ask for time off, and you're working towards your promotion. I want to meet your mother, Camilla. I love you, and I want her to know it. You've never said that before. It doesn't mean I haven't been thinking it. We're in uniform. Well, who's looking? The man on the whelk stall. You want to put a glace cherry on those or they won't look finished off. No, no, glace cherries are vulgar. Fred, please. What on earth are you doing? You can't put cream in the meringues and leave them standing. Mrs B left me the component parts. I offered to help with the assembly but I was spurned. I'll finish them. Take the sandwiches in and go and sit with Peter. Is he here already? Yes, I let him in. How does he look? Calmer than you. I'm completely calm. Hello, Mater. Camilla, dear. I believe you've recently retired to Madeira, Lady Fortescue-Cholmondely-Browne. No need to stand on ceremony, Sister. Lady Browne will do. You must enjoy the sunshine, after living in India. I give the weather six out of ten. Of course, the administration is Portuguese which Sir Rex and I find rather trying. Sandwich, Mother? They're salmon. Smoked? Tinned. No. I was under the impression that you were in the forces. Camilla now tells me that you are, in fact, a police constable. Yes. He's sitting his sergeant exams next year. Constable Noakes was recently telling me that he has to study every single aspect of the law, from traffic offences to crimes against the person. I've been studying the Betting and Gambling Act, the Licensing Act, and the Prostitution Act. One hopes the theory is more savoury than the practice. Whatever is this made of? It's Crimplene. This isn't good enough. I only wear it for church. I don't mean the skirt suit, and you know it. What pleasure does this give you? You sent me to Roedean. Our motto was "Honour the Worthy". When I deliver babies, that's what I do. Whom exactly do you define as worthy, Camilla? Those people out there? That policeman downstairs? There's an entire dismantled empire needing its worthy honoured. Africa, Malaya, India's a nightmare. I'd sooner you were a missionary than lived like this and walked out with a man like that. Because at least our friends would comprehend it when we told them. You'd be a spinster but... you'd be doing good works. And wouldn't be wearing Crimplene. I've been talking to my mother. It wasn't all bad. Peter, it was diabolical. I was courting a girl once, Enid, fancied her chances as a mannequin. One day, when we were on the bus, she said to me, "Do you like what I've done with my eyebrows?" Peter... That was it. I packed her in. The day I fell for you, I saw you cycling up Leyland Street at six o'clock in the morning. You looked all in, dead beat. Don't tease. I'm not teasing. You don't half make it hard for a chap to show his feelings. Maybe I don't want you to. I've been turning it over and over in my mind for weeks. Should I say, should I ask, should I go down on my knees and beg you? What do you mean, on your knees? On one knee. I don't want you to say it at all. Why? Because you're making me feel uncomfortable. Why? Because I've hardly ever felt comfortable anywhere. And when I have, it's been with you. It has been the most extraordinary thing. I felt small. And in my proper place and not at risk of breaking anything precious. But now, all of a sudden, I don't feel that any more. I think it's best for both of us if we put a stop to this. Goodbye, Peter. It was all rather splendid. She's packed him in. I knew something was up. But why? It's her wretched mother's influence. That tea party was a horrible thing to witness. Chummy just crumbled in front of her. You know, Cynthia, some people do care what their parents think. Darling, she's a grown woman, not a schoolgirl. I don't mind her caring. I mind her being cowed and running away from a thing that makes her happy. Hello. Silsden 359... Hello? I'm sorry, I have the wrong number. Oi! You in the penguin dress! A simple "excuse me" would suffice. And you can give me back that spoon you've got stashed inside your pinafore. Pinafore? I am clad in no such garment. Must be the first time you've been down here without half-inching something. You really are extremely boorish individuals. And you are a thieving old God-botherer! What remarkable sleight of hand. Thank you. I've had enough of this. This wasn't an isolated incident. The costermonger, Mr Sidney Crumb, known as Cakey to his intimates, joined forces with several other tradesmen with the same complaint. They came to my desk in the form of a deputation. They all believe that Sister Monica Rose is... Joan, sir. Sister Monica Joan. Is known to them as, and I quote, "light-fingered", and has a habit of stealing small items from their stalls. That is a serious accusation, Sergeant. It will have to be proved or disproved. I will escort you upstairs. Nurse Lee, will you remain here with Sister Monica Joan? Of course. You may search her room for stolen goods. That is, of course, if Sister Monica Joan is agreeable. Have you anything to say to the sergeant, Sister? Yes. Pooh to you. Five pairs of fully fashioned nylon stockings, three egg cups, one corkscrew, a whistle, 11 teaspoons, a hairpiece - which was blonde - a china robin, a box of gents' handkerchiefs, several coloured ribbons, an eau-de-nil suspender belt, a pipe rack and a box of Steradent tablets... As you are probably aware, Sister Monica Jones doesn't wear dentures. I am afraid that she has been stealing for quite some time. It's her age, she doesn't know what she's doing. She's wily as a fox and always has been. It's the police that's deluded if they think she's done it deliberate. She's away with the fairies half the time. And half the time she is as sane as you or I. Dr Turner will vouch for her mental health... or lack of it - when she appears in court. If he can't win them over, the law must take its course. 'The case was referred to the London Quarter Sessions. 'We hoped against hope that the thefts were so small 'the case would be thrown out of court.' 'The suspect wandered at will. 'The focus of her mind seemed to ripple and shift... 'to change as unpredictably as weather.' ♪ Glory be to the Father and to the Son... ♪ 'But we were all at odds - out of sorts and suffering. 'And nothing was as it ought to be at Nonnatus House.' Ooh! Oh! Uhh! Take your clogs off, you little hooligan. Thank you. Much more of that and I'll be telling you to wait till your father gets home! Nonnatus House, Nurse Lee speaking. Jenny? Jenny? This is Nurse Lee, yes. You telephoned me. My darling, darling girl. I shouldn't have. You're still married. I'm always going to be still married. I know. If you want to see me, will you write? Yes. Nurse Lee. All right? Will you join us for handicrafts? Enter and state your purpose. Sister Julienne asked you to recreation. She thought you might like to bring down your gollies. I have suspended all involvement with my gollies. I have esoteric matters to investigate. These bands are the parallels wherein men and angels... and beasts, and others... You do well not to mock me, for I know it makes no sense. Sister. I'm going to get you a handkerchief and you're going to dry your eyes. My handkerchiefs were all given to the police! Sister Julienne took them away. She took everything! Including my ribbons. And my china robin! And I needed... all of them! Sister Monica Joan... Close that drawer! You have no business clawing through my things! These are not your things. Have you no secrets? Have you nothing precious you might like to conceal? I'm not under investigation by the police. You could end up in prison. These are valuable jewels, and Sister Julienne was pinning all hope on the fact that the things you stole were just cheap rubbish. Why do I do it? Is the devil tempting me? Or am I ill? I don't know. I used to know so much, and now I don't even know myself. Or what I will do next. She must be moving things about, secreting them in different places. I just thought if I could take the necklace and the ring and the bangle, I could hide them from somebody so nobody would ever find them. I still would, if I knew where they were. You'd be making yourself into an accessory! Why on earth does this sherry taste of toothpaste? We're drinking out of tooth mugs. Close your eyes, pretend it's creme de menthe. Oh, look! I'm in jail. Hello, Sister Monica Joan. It's not funny, Trixie! These weren't just knick-knacks from the market. There was a pearl necklace, a ring, an exquisite bracelet. Sly old vixen! She must've been plying her trade in Hatton Gardens. She has come home in a taxi at least once. I saw Sister Bernadette pay out of the petty cash. Cynthia, you're sloshed. Have some bread pudding. I just care for her, that's all. Do you know something, Jenny? We all care about Sister Monica Joan, and she's up to her armpits in bother. She doesn't need you making things any worse by saying that you might have seen some loot in her room or that she might have hidden it, or that you might just have been seeing things all along. Are you saying I should lie? I'm saying you should keep your mouth shut. I saw Constable Noakes when I was cycling past the banana sheds. Do you know, his face was as long as a fiddle. All bobbies are romantics at heart. It's what lures them into the force in the first place. Can we please not embark on another discussion of Nurse Browne's private life? Would you rather we talked about something else? I'd rather everyone concentrated on their handicrafts. It seems we're all on edge. And the reason for that, of course, is entirely obvious. Saturn is in retrograde again. Oh, this one's gone through at the crotch. I need some red wool to mend it. Sister Monica Joan? Would you be so kind as to pass me your knitting bag? I'm sorry. I'm casting on. Oof! I haven't the faintest notion where those came from. Can we move on now, please, Constable? Yes, sir. Those jewels are worth thousands of pounds. She cannot vouch for where they came from, and the police are checking thefts all over London. I was afraid they would. That's why I didn't tell you. How long have you known? Three days. You could've faced charges! You could've faced the end of your nursing career. I know. I did it because... Don't you dare say you love her. Deceit compounds deceit, Nurse Lee. You have just made matters considerably worse and love is no excuse. Dragged over coals? Completely. You really do have a soft spot for the old bat, don't you? Sister Monica Joan... I admire her... and she's lonely. It's a lonely life. Or at least, a peaceful one. Rules and all that. So many roads one doesn't have to go down. Chummy, you aren't thinking of taking holy orders? It has presented itself as a solution. It wouldn't be a solution, it would be a hiding place. I came here to hide from a love affair... from my feelings for a man I couldn't have... and I haven't escaped anything at all. Here. Magic hanky. May not work. Didn't work on me. You can have Peter, Chummy. There's nothing and nobody standing in your way. Yes, there is. The defendant, Miss Antonia Cavill, known as Sister Monica Joan of the order of St Raymond Nonnatus, has been accused of theft. This bench is unanimously agreed that, given the witness statements, there is a prima facie case for the accused to answer. You may proceed. Dr Turner, as the defendant's general practitioner, what is your opinion of her state of health? Well, she is certainly not as robust as she was. Fiddlesticks! I saw pneumonia off flat in five days! He's not talking to you. Is this true, Doctor? She did respond extremely well to penicillin. But, mentally, she has been frail for many months. Balderdash! What this court needs to ascertain, sir, is would the doctor have prescribed penicillin if I, the patient, were mentally infirm? Indeed, would he have prescribed penicillin had he thought recovery would enable me to go out thieving? With respect, madam, Dr Turner is not charged with curing you of pneumonia. You are charged with larceny, specifically a sapphire ring, a pearl necklace and a diamond bracelet. You said prima facie before. You must be precise, my man, and not confuse your terms. If I may interject, Sister. Who is this person? He is your barrister, Mr Briggs. He's not very good. Doctor, in your opinion, does the defendant understand the charges brought against her? No. I don't believe she does. I wish to make a statement. Sit down and wait your turn! Order in court. We're waiting our turn, and we're the aggrieved! Sister... let Mr Briggs speak for you. None should presume to speak for another. All judgement comes from God. And we will all stand naked and alone before his throne. Sister Monica Joan, do you understand the nature of the charges brought against you? I thank you for your enquiry, sir. Yes, I do. The court will adjourn until the morning. These are fresh from the laundry, Sister. Good. Can't have her in court with custard on her scapular. The curse of a mind like mine is that, sometimes, the fragments recompose themselves, rather like a shattered looking glass that has been made whole. Horlicks and bed. I am fed up with all this "round and round the gasworks". I know now from whence the jewels came. It had nothing to do with the gasworks. You must speak to Mother Jesu and you must do so soon. I'll get it. I'm on first call. Do be quick! Nonnatus House, midwife speaking. Hello? Er, I think it's my time. I don't know what to do. What's the name, please? Cathy, Cathy Powell. Mrs Powell? Cathy? Is there anyone with you? Oh, ohhh! I have a Catherine Powell here but no home address and the GP's in Hull. Ohhh! Yes, that's me. Batten Buildings, it's, er, second landing. There's a number five painted on the door. Cathy, listen to me. Go back home and I'll be with you in... less than 15 minutes. Please, can you hurry up? Oh! Better grab a delivery pack. All yours. Thanks. Ah! Ah! Oh! Oh! Oh, no! There's no answer. I feared there wouldn't be, now the silence has begun. So we will have to go to Chichester and be there by dawn to speak to Mother Jesu. She is our final hope. I'm about to start praying for a car. I can get us a car. Whoa! Oi! Oh, no! The delivery pack! Bally bugger it! Ohh! Ahhh! Cathy? I always keep my promises. It's got the name of a lewd book written on its bonnet. Mother Jesu won't notice once we're inside. I've got three-quarters of a tank of petrol, so that should get us all the way. Jimmy, we are in your debt. I'd do anything for Jenny, Sister. Do you need a chaperone? We'll be quite safe, won't we, Jimmy? Waste no time. The court sits at nine in the morning. Ah, help! Oh, I think I've wet myself! Don't fret, that's just your waters breaking. Oh! Oh... Having no luck with the light switch. The leccy's off. I think it's off in the whole block. There's some candles on the chest of drawers. Excellent. Now, slip yourself out of those wet drawers, lie down on your back, legs apart, knees propping upwards and outwards. Looks like you've been caught slightly on the hop. Not quite ready for baby, perhaps. Sorry, it must feel rather strange. Not that strange. How'd you think I ended up like this? Now, I'm going to examine you and then pop down the road to use the telephone. I think we might treat you to an ambulance. I've got to get it out! Oh! I've changed my mind. We're staying right here. Do you have a cot or any blankets for the baby? No! Have you any hot water? No! Any cold? No! No! Not to worry. Now, pant for the head. Pant, pant, pant. Ooh! Top notch. The head's out. After your next contraction, the baby will be born. I'll put ten bob on it being a whopper. All right. That's it. That's it! Oh! Good job I'm not a betting woman. He's a dainty little thing. His dad, Billy, he was... he was built like a bloody brick shithouse. He had shoulders on him like I've never seen. Docker? Sailor. He made me feel small in his arms, like I was always meant to be there. He had lips like these. Oh! What are you doing? Just waiting for the afterbirth. It's a grisly business, leave it to me. Ow... Ow! Is it supposed to hurt?! Not this much. Ah! Oh! It's another baby. Every window and door is closed. Drawbridge completely pulled up. Bit like us, really. Well, at least, like you. Jimmy... you've driven all this way! You've been so kind. I'd never be unkind. What would be the point in that? That's it! Well done! Well done! Congratulations, it's another little boy, just like the first. Twins. Not unheard of. Shh. Shh. There you go. Congratulations. Hello. Is that the last candle? No need to fret. It'll be all right. Blasted, beastly thing! I'm on my way! Oh, it hurts, it really... It hurts! It's just the afterbirth giving itself its marching orders. Now, there may be one or two, according to whether or not the babies are identical. Triplets. Ohhh! Now, gentle pushes, Just breathe, just breathe... I'm dying, I can't do it! No, we're not. We can do this. I can't do it! Are you ready? Keep it coming! One more push! One more push! That's it! That's it! All done! Well done! Well done! It's another boy! I've got nothing to wrap him in. We'll just have to make do and mend. I had the happiest night of my life with Billy. I never had enough of anything when I was growing up, but... with him, it was as if my life was spilling out of the cup. I grabbed love with both hands. I had a chance. I took it. It was the best and bravest thing I ever did. He gave me these. I'm never letting them go. I'm sorry I hurt you, Jimmy. You can survive hurt. I hope so. Well done. Thank you. You deserve a good rest. I'm turning myself in. I'm guilty of criminal cowardice and robbing two people of something that would make them both very happy. I've decided it's time to be brave. I see. I hope so. Because underneath this raincoat, I am practically naked. I love you. The court will now rise. Sister, stand up. Father Joseph, hurry! It's ten past nine already. When a sister takes her final vows, all her property is given to the Order. In some Orders, this is irrevocable, but not in ours. We merely hold the property in trust throughout a sister's lifetime, or for as long as she remains with us. Sister Monica Joan took her final vows in 1904. There was something... unusual about the property of the accused, was there not? Sister Monica Joan arrived penniless. She had apparently defied her family's wishes and was estranged from them, but her mother, who had been mentally unstable, left Sister Monica Joan a legacy and it passed into the Order's hands in 1927. And would you like to tell the court what that legacy was? One sapphire ring, one necklace of pearls, one diamond bracelet. They were all put in our bank and forgotten about... even, I believe, by Sister Monica Joan. And can you describe how they came to be in her possession? I gave them to her, not as objects of monetary value but as balm for an old wound. Sometimes, in extremis, our past trials rise and cause us pain. I am a nurse and a midwife, I will always seek to ease distress. Hear, hear. Why don't you just shut up and keep knitting? Order in court. I thought she would recall my visit and that the jewels would be meaningful to her. I am sad that they came too late to be of solace. It seems that her fragility was such that she did not recognise them, just as she did not recognise her petty thefts. Thank you. Your Honour, I rest my case. Oh! Come on, come on! No dawdling! 'All charges had been dropped, 'all shadows lifted from the mind of Sister Monica Joan.' All right there, Sister Monica Joan. In the middle. That's it. Oh, look, there's a little one here. Thank you. 'I could never forget the man I loved. 'But I could erase him from my conscience. 'However much it hurt, I could say no. 'I could refuse to see him. Keep the very knowledge secret. 'What I felt was not a crime, but I had to be honest 'and so I wrote to him, 'and each word drew another line between me and the past.' Nonnatus House, mid... Hello, Lady Browne. Chummy... What-ho, Mater! I've spoken to the Bishop. And St Margaret's, Westminster is still a possibility. No, it isn't. I booked All Saints' Church up the road. But you can't. It's nowhere near a suitable reception venue. Mother, it's right next door to the parish hall. We're going to have the party there. Camilla... And you needn't advise me about the catering. I've asked the nuns to organise the buffet. Sandwiches and trifle. In which case, will you at least let me take you to Norman Hartnell and buy you a wedding gown? You can take me to Norman Hartnell, and buy me a skirt suit. Preferably Crimplene. As you wish. As long as it's white. Sorry... No longer entitled. Come on, Billy, hurry up. Hooray... 'Newlyweds are always beautiful. 'They cannot fail to make the heart sing, 'for even the plainest faces are alive with promise.' Bye, Chummy! 'In the East End, I found grace and faith 'and hope, hidden in the darkest corners. 'I found tenderness and squalor 'and laughter amid filth. 'I found a purpose and a path 'and I worked with a passion for the best reason of all. 'I did it for love.' Subtitles by MemoryOnSmells http://UKsubtitles.ru 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 