Californication: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Californication 
 s2e2 - The Great Ashby - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Californication (2007–2014): Season 2, Episode 2 - The Great Ashby - full transcript 
 After Hank is arrested by the police and sent to prison, he meets record producer Lew Ashby, who asks Hank to write his biography, in the meantime, Charlie is fired after videos of him masturbating in the office are shown to his boss. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♪♪♪♪ I can't blieve you made me get a vasectomy. What do you know about it? I know you fucked and punched him, Set him up, stole his book. Oh, what are you gonna do about it, huh? You guys are...What... you're officially back together? Until we fuck it up. We're going to this party up in laurel canyon. - Oh, my mama! - What the fuck?! I leave you alone for two seconds! You're not supposed to do that! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - What are you doing? - assuming the "posish." I'll be right back. Lew, this fucking perv just tried to mouth-rape me! - I accidentally went down on her. - How do you accidentally go down on someone? - Have you been drinking, sir? - Hours ago. Out of the car. Why don't you just mind your own fucking business? No! - Silent treatment? - Yes. - How long? - Hard to say. Think we can skip the part where I apologize profusely And tell you what a lame parental figure I am? No. - I'm sorry. - I know. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Me too. Why are you sorry? Because we're not bailing you out. You're shitting me. I shit you not. Mom says you should use this time to think. About what? how much my balls ache? What about mom's heart? Don't you think that aches a bit, too? ♪♪♪♪ Check it out. you're on defamer. Ow! that's a pretty good picture. I thought so. - I'll work on her. - Okay. In the meantime, don't bend over for the soap. www.1000fr.com presents Californication S02 ep02 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 