Chicago Justice: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Chicago Justice 
 s1e8 - Lily's Law - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Chicago Justice (2017): Season 1, Episode 8 - Lily's Law - full transcript 
 A female juror in a case against a gang banger ends up dead and it's discovered she was driven to commit suicide by her abusive ex. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Five weeks on trial. Now jury deliberations. I can't do it anymore. Is there a problem with the other jurors, Ms. Spencer? No. It's... It's... A lot of pressure. I need to go home. Your honor, if this juror wants to be excused, I won't object. Would you step outside for a moment, Ms. Spencer? Please. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I assume you object, Peter. It would be counterproductive to start deliberations over again with an alternate. It's a waste of everybody's time. Forcing her to stay is only putting more pressure on her to vote guilty. Your client should've thought of that before he killed two people. What is it with you guys? There's no jury in earshot. Send Ms. Spencer back in. What are you gonna tell her? That we're not running a club med here. Thank you, your honor. Publish the verdict, Mr. wick. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 In the case of the people of the state of Illinois versus Ricardo mendoza, on the count of first degree murder, the people find the defendant guilty. Escoria racistas! That's mendoza's brother. The defendant will be remanded into custody pending sentencing. Con cuidado? The people thank the jury for their service. You are dismissed. This court stands adjourned. Okay, I've been here long enough. In the bullpen, there is a board covered with clothing. Yeah. The winners club. When an Asa wins his or her first felony trial, a piece of something they were wearing when the verdict came in goes up on the wall. There's a piece of a bra up there. What can I say? Second chair always picks the item. You're telling me someone here actually wore a bowtie? Yeah, well, I lost a bet. Stone. Yeah. Patrol saw her body floating in the water. Summons to appear for jury duty was in her wallet. Cpd ID'd her. They called us. We called you. Me says no visible bruising. The crap up her nose means she was most likely alive when they dumped her in the swim. Los hotas? She begged to be let off the case. Maybe I should've let you go. Last week on the kaplan case, a juror tried to get out of jury duty 'cause his pet pig was depressed. If word gets out that jurors are being whacked, we'll never seat another jury. I'll have voight put together... no, no, no. I want you running point on this. You picked her, right? I did, yeah. You did right demanding she stay. I want cpd cars, unmarked, on all the jurors until we figure this out. Get the mayor. Santiago mendoza. This ain't about parking tickets, is it? We're here about Ricardo. - He okay? - He's fine. For a dude looking at mandatory life. You seemed pretty pissed, too. Maybe you decided to do something about that. You caught me. I'm organizing a prison break. Or you killed a juror. Whoa, damn. I'm a civilian. You should be looking at los hotas, man. They threatened mi madre to make sure Ricardo don't rat. Where did this happen? My mom's house. Miguel followed her home first day of trial. Miguel Lopez? He's a sick bastard. Yo, Miguel. What... hey, what are you doing? Where you going, Miguel? Where you going? Hands behind your back. Why'd you make me run? - You good? - Yeah. - What did I do? - You threatened se?ora mendoza. That's what. I don't even know who that is. He really is that stupid. Ricardo's mother. I'm there to support my homie, bro. Why would I threaten his mom? I don't know... to make sure your homie doesn't rat you out? What about her? You threaten her, too? I don't even... wait. The bitch from the jury? The bitch be dead. Are you accusing me? She did put your homie away. Now first you say I threatened Ricardo to keep him from ratting me out, then I whack a juror for locking him up? That don't make sense together. - Who's stupid now? - Still you. Now, maybe instead of crawling all in my business, you should talk to that jurado racista with the ugly-ass sweaters. - What are you talking about? - He was on the jury too. Bottom row at the end. I saw him and your dead chick hashing it out in the parking lot one night. Come on. Must be hard being stuck in a room with 11 strangers. You mean seven strangers and four knuckleheads. We should've been out of there in two hours. That kid was guilty as sin. Was Lily Spencer one of the knuckleheads? No. She was a "guilty" after the first ballot. So you didn't have any trouble with her? Why? She say something? You were arguing in the parking lot. That's what she said? She was crying. I was consoling her. About what? She said the trial was ruining her life. She had to get home. Did she mention anyone from los hotas giving her a hard time? Okay, that's it. Tell me what's going on, or get out. Lily Spencer is dead, Mr. Evans. My god. Such a sweet kid. Those punks. They did it, right? No, no, no, no. I was the foreman. They're gonna come for me now, right? I want protection. It's already there. Did she mention anything specific? Look. All I know is that someone was driving her nuts with all those texts. The judge told us to shut off our phones. We did. But Lily said that she had to keep hers on or... Or there would be consequences. You didn't think of telling the judge? I assumed the texts were personal business. I guess I was wrong. The phone company only keeps texts for three days. Lily received 67 texts, all from the same guy. How did los hotas get her cell number? They didn't, unless one of them was moonlighting at a tech firm. Thanks. The texts are from a phone owned by jaxco. - The restaurant app? - Among others. We're looking at a high-tech stalker. Here's the last text message: "It's either the jury or your kid. Last chance." Best day of my life was when I met Lily. Worst? Well, when she dumped me. We wanted to ask you about a bunch of texts you sent her. Lily and I broke up. We didn't declare war. We communicated daily because of Sam, our son. - Hey, buddy. Say hey. - Hi. We're gonna be right in here, okay? Please. - You share custody? - 50/50. That's why you're here, right? Not exactly. Did something happen to Lily? I'm sorry. When? - We found her two nights ago. - Her body was in the river. You people... you forced her onto that damn case. You should've protected her! Thank god it was my day. Just tell me you have the bastard in custody. What? What is it? You sent her 67 texts in 3 days, Mr. Clark. You didn't get a response for two days. You didn't find that odd? Hold on. If you're suggesting that I had something to do with this... well, you sent her a text, and I quote, "it's either the jury or your kid." Kind of sounds like a threat. All right. Out of context, okay, yeah, maybe that sounds bad, but the thing is, people think you invent a couple apps, you just sit on your butt and cash checks. I'm busy, okay? Sam was hounding me. Kids don't understand jury duty. All he knows is that his mother missed another soccer game. Nice boat. Yeah, it's a 1936 grebe cruiser. You ever take Lily out on it? There wasn't enough dramamine in the city. When was the last time you took it out? About a week ago. Dad? One second, Sam. Are we good? - Two nights ago... - I was home with Sam. All night. Good. There she is, the beauty. Mr. Clark take her out recently? Sure. Two days ago. Scratched her up real bad. I buffed and waxed. Good as new. Was she with him? Yeah, honestly, I... I can't keep them straight. Eddie, would you mind handing me that hoodie? Thank you. Is there anything else? No, we're good. Thanks for your help. "How to avoid getting a warrant" by Laura nagel. Wonder if these are Lily's. There you go. Looks like Clark fibbed about bringing Lily aboard, too. Clark's a little bit of a prick, right? Lie to me once... So, tell me, how does he get joint custody? Judges are like that now. Even if they think the dad may be questionable, judge says it's a good idea for the kid to have both parents. It's only temporary. You'll get Jen back soon. Yeah. He owns a hot tech company, and the mother of his kid works at Walmart. A perk of not being married. Hoodie was Sam's. Maybe Clark only told us one fib. Lily was being evicted. This notice is dated the day she died. Hey! What's going on? It's okay. State's attorneys. Is Lily okay? Are you a friend of hers? I guess. I'm the live-in manager. She was murdered. Wh... What about Sam? He's fine. He's with his father. She was my favorite tenant. Why were you booting her? I just manage the building. I don't own it. She was three months behind. She talk about Sam's dad much? I asked. She didn't want to talk about him. Now Grayson's gonna let me have it. - Grayson? - The owner. He gave me a lot of flac for renting to her. She'd been evicted from two other places. Well, why did you, then? Her sister, Sarah, cosigned the lease. You know where we can find Sarah? Sarah's my wife... was my wife. She passed away three months ago. Ovarian cancer. I promised Sarah I'd take care of Lily. You mean financially? That, too. This is so sad. Lily used to be an assistant professor of English at ccu, you know? What happened? Jaxson Clark happened. We told her to back off, but she wouldn't listen. - Did he hit her? - Bruises fade. Bones heal. Humiliation is forever. You want to know how? Okay. We went over there for dinner. Chicken Kiev, Jaxson's favorite. It was obvious that Lily had worked her butt off to make sure that everything was perfect. Jaxson takes one bite, says it's dry, and orders a pizza. Real empathy? Why did she stop teaching? "The mother of my son will not work." After they split up, it got worse. He started calling her, texting her nonstop. Sarah and I went to the cops with her to get a restraining order. They told her to stop checking her messages, answering his calls. It's not a bad idea. Jaxson labeled every text, "about Sam." How could she not look? The last time we spoke, she said she actually spotted him watching her. - When was that? - Before that stupid trial. She was over by the river. The river? Under the lasalle street bridge. It's where we sprinkled Sarah's ashes. Lily would go down there to feel close to Sarah. She saw Jaxson on the bridge staring down at her. Thank you. That's not far from where we found Lily. No, sorry. You sure? No? Have you seen this girl? You sure? Nothing. How is it possible that nobody saw anything? A fight, a... an argument. Maybe they did, but they didn't care. What the hell is that? For sure! - Hashers? - That's what we call ourselves. We're a drinking club with a running problem. You know what I mean? How often do you run? Mondays, wednesdays, and Fridays. Depends on if we got after it Thursday night, you know? - You always wear cameras? - Yeah. These guys? How else would we remember it the next day? You happen to record Wednesday's run? What happened to good old-fashioned drinking? Man. Just watching them, I want to puke. Apparently you're not alone. Hold on. Back up. Stop. Right there. Zoom in. Pink coat. That's Lily. Okay, play it from here. That water's freezing. What is she doing? Killing herself. Man. Ooh. We're good. Thank you. Close to 30 million cows were slaughtered in 2016 alone. This is pork. Anyway, the me's report says Lily's lungs were filled with river water, making the COD drowning. External bruising? She had klonopin in her blood. How much? Enough to stop her from changing her mind. It was a suicide, Peter. The duct tape didn't look suspicious to you? Walking into a freezing river is suspicious. The best way to make sure you'll drown is to not be able to swim. How in the world did she tape herself? You'd be amazed by what you can find on YouTube. I'm happy to pursue this, but what exactly am I looking for? Something that will allow me to charge Jaxson Clark with the stalking and harassment of Lily Spencer. Without a victim? This isn't on you. She came to me. She said she was under a lot of pressure. I didn't... Listen. Her sister's wife said Lily and her ex spent time in court. I'll look into their domestic relations court files. There you go. If someone took me to court as much as Jaxson took Lily, I might consider a few drastic measures myself. Twice a month since they split. Motion for financial disclosure. She worked at Walmart. Motion to update financial disclosure. Motion to preclude visitation. Motion for monitored visitation. Right. Over and over until she just couldn't fight anymore. I bet Clark didn't even want the kid. He just didn't want Lily to have him. There are two sides to every story. Family services investigated five cases of abuse in regards to Sam, all against Lily. Might explain why Jaxson wanted full custody. I'll talk to the kid. It's better if I go alone. I mean, if his mom did abuse him, he might be more comfortable talking to a guy. - I'll hit dcfs. - You want company? I'm driving. Jaxson called our hotline about Lily for everything. Lily left Sam alone to borrow an egg from a neighbor? Inadequate supervision. Sam saw a roach? Claimed unsafe living conditions. What about the abuse claims? Sam had a nasty bruise on his upper arm. Kid stepped into oncoming traffic. Lily grabbed him, left a mark. Every nine-year-old in the city probably has the same one. Only one of their parents didn't file a claim with us. Hold on. You took Sam away from Lily for three months because of a black and blue mark? Look, from what I can tell, Lily is a good mom. But it is my job to protect the child. I can't ignore complaints. Was there any real abuse? Chad, Lily's dead. That means she's lost custody permanently, so if you're holding anything back... one time when I stopped by to do a safety visit, Lily had a cast on her arm. She claimed she fell down the stairs. - Jaxson? - I didn't say that. I have no evidence that he ever touched her. I do know that he wanted full custody of Sam. I also know that Lily was not about to give him up. And she did say it was an accident, so what was I gonna do? I don't know. Something? It's supposed to be best interest of the child. The only interest these people look out for is their own. I assume you're speaking from personal experience? Great. Did you read that on a bathroom wall? You did kind of overreact in there. You want to hear about overreaction? My ex tells the courts that my irrational behavior worries him, so for the next six months, the only way that I could see Jen was through the supervision of a state-approved monitor. Don't get married. I don't plan to. Here I had you pegged as a hubby, five kids, living in a brownstone in Lincoln park kind of gal. I want kids even less than I want a husband. You tell your boyfriend that? I don't have a boyfriend. You don't get lonely? Didn't say I was celibate. Just no one regular. Chicago med? Yep. Lily's case worker said she had a broken arm. Hey, Sam, remember me? Detective Dawson? Yeah. Hi. Mind if I talk to you a minute? No. Where's your dad? He's late. He always is. Sorry about your mom. I lost someone close to me when I was young, too. I know you won't buy this now, but it gets better. Let me ask you something, Sam. Did your mom ever hit you? No. It doesn't mean she didn't love you if she did. Sometimes things get too tough for moms, they take it out on their kids. I know about this because... Sam! Let's go. Now. Come on. - Hey, take it easy. - Don't touch me. Aah! - Stop! Stop! - Let go of my arm! Stop! Stop! Let go of my arm! Come on. Let's go. Put the phones away. Lily Jane Spencer was brought in for an od. Klonopin? She washed a handful down with a bottle of wine. Do you think she was trying to kill herself? It says here she spoke to one of our psychiatrists... Or, rather, he tried to speak to her. She wasn't too talkative. This lady was lucky someone found her in time and called 911. And her broken arm? Um, her hair was wet when she came in. She was pretty doped up. She probably slipped getting out of the bath. It's amazing that's all she broke. Excuse me. He sent her more than 60 texts in two days, after which she pops a bunch of pills, passes out, falls, and breaks her arm. "Sammy's eye is black. His knee is scraped." She replies back, "he had a snowball fight with his friends." He texts back, "don't lie to me, Lily. "I'm filing a discontinuation of shared custody motion "in the morning. Once again, you're a loser." I'm surprised he didn't add, "lol." He did. And the next morning, he filed the motion. This is harassment. Maybe stalking. Do you think Clark knew about her first suicide attempt? Dawson and nagel said he wasn't what you'd call helpful. What do you think we should do? I think the guy's an ass. I also think there are stalking and harassment laws on the books for a reason. Rob, this is... This is the strategy? Kristy, this is what we call marketing? 'Cause I could grab some prepubescent kids... Did you come back to knock me around some more? We have other business right now. Yeah? Jaxson Clark, I'm placing you under arrest for the stalking and harassment of Lily Spencer. You have the right to remain silent. Penny, call Miranda sharp. Pick up Sam from school, take him to my house, and wait there with him. Should be back in an hour. Stalking, harassment, inducement. I mean, while we're going with bogus counts, I've always wanted to defend someone charged with mayhem. I just like saying it. Mayhem. I forgot how much you enjoy this, Miranda. Well, if we don't have fun, what have we got? We've got stalking, harassment, and inducement. Ooh, feisty. Do you know how many great restaurants I found because of this guy? I can't have him going to prison. He has a kid, stone. You want me to pay a fine? I'll pay a fine. If that's why you called this meeting... no. This is. - Hey, take it easy. - Don't touch me. - Aah! - Stop! Stop! Let go of my arm! That looks like brutality to me. You know what's more fun than mayhem, Miranda? Extortion. What happened to your sense of humor? Put that away. I'm sure we can work this out. Mr. Clark pleads guilty to a class four felony stalking charge, he serves two years. When he's out, he enrolls in anger management classes. - Two years? - I think you meant to say six months, out in three with good behavior. I'm sure you told your client if we go to trial he's looking at four years. For what? We can start with over 1,500 harassing and threatening texts in three months. Two years. Take it or leave it. It's not my fault Lily finally got it right. You knew about Lily's first suicide attempt? - Jaxson. - Yeah. Yeah, she called me, crying. Waah, waah, like a... Like a pathetic goat. Next thing I know, her lesbo sister's blaming me because Lily went full Whitney Houston in the bathtub. You should've taken the two years, Mr. Clark. Now I'm charging you with Lily's murder. Are you out of your mind? "Sui," from the Latin, meaning "of self." "Cidium," Latin for "a killing." Put them together, and what do you get? You don't get murder... That's what. I know I'm pushing it, mark. The man was across town when his ex walked into the lake, for god's sake. It's like he sent her a letter bomb. No, it's not. No, it's not. With a letter bomb, there's no intervening, independent cause. Namely, her own death wish. He was the direct cause of her death. I'm gonna argue if he knew she was suicidal, it's like knowing she'd open the exploding letter. How cute. But it's the legislature's job to write new law, not ours. I'm not writing new law. I'm just stretching the old. Emotional abuse of women is typically viewed as less harmful than physical abuse. If you can't see the injury, how bad can it really be? So, a husband loses his temper and screams at his wife when she erases the football game that he was looking forward to watching all week. Is that emotional abuse? No. If he does it once, in isolation, of course not. Could it be written? Like in an email or a text? Yes. What's critical in these cases is the repetition of the criticism... the insult or blame. At a certain point, the victim goes from being simply humiliated to suffering diminished dignity. Her self-worth and her self-confidence are utterly destroyed. Is it possible that such a victim becomes suicidal? Without self-worth, why go on? You're doing important work, Dr. Cole. I applaud you for it. I wonder, can you tell me, is suicide always caused by one specific thing? Sometimes there are several causes. Lily Spencer had lost job after job. She was facing eviction again. Her sister had just passed away from ovarian cancer. Her ex was emotionally abusive. That too, perhaps. Not to mention she was facing five weeks of jury duty. I mean, this was a woman riddled with anxiety. Lily begged to be let go. So, isn't it possible that all of those things caused Lily Spencer to take her own life? It's possible. Dr. Cole, how long have you been studying the psychology of abuse? 18 years. And yet, in your expert medical opinion, you cannot say for sure that Jaxson's behavior was the sole cause of Lily's suicide, isn't that right? Yes. Then how in the world could a layman like Jaxson Phelps possibly know that his actions would result in the death of Lily Spencer? It started with small things at first. He criticized the way Lily loaded the dishwasher, what books she read, how she dressed. He started to isolate her from her friends, family. He said that Sarah and I were a bad influence on Sam. - Why would he say that? - We're gay. Did things get easier for Lily once she split from Jaxson? In some ways they got worse. All those horrible texts he sent her. I swear that's what made her try to kill herself the first time. When Jaxson found out, he said to her, right to her face, "what kind of loser can't even kill herself?" Ms. kelman, do you recognize this? Yes. Could you please tell us what it is? It's a text that Lily sent me shortly before Sarah died. Could you please read it to the court? "I can't live without Sarah. If Sarah dies, my life's not worth living." Objection. Hearsay. Offered to show the declarant's frame of mind and emotional state at the time this statement was made, your honor. Overruled. Nothing further, Ms. kelman. Just so you know, Gloria says you're becoming some kind of feminist hero. But she married me. What does she know? I may not have the law fully at my back, but I think the jury's with me. Truth be told, I'm a little worried about tomorrow. Yeah, who isn't? Sharp's calling Sam Clark to the stand. To rave about what a great daddy he is. How do you cross-examine a nine-year-old whose father's on trial for killing his mother? Gently. Hey, Sam. You mind if I ask you a few questions? It'll be easy. I promise. That is quite the scar you got there. Did you get that playing soccer? I burned myself at the stove at my dad's house. But dad took me to the hospital. Did you call your mom and tell her what happened? I'm not allowed to call my mom by myself. Why not? Dad said that 'cause she didn't pay the bill she wasn't allowed to use up my minutes. What if you wanted to call her and tell her about something that happened at school? It's okay, Sam. In a courtroom, you're supposed to answer all the questions. It doesn't cost anything. - What doesn't? - Snapchat. Your honor, there doesn't seem to be a point to this questioning. Good job, Sam. I happen to agree with the defense, Mr. stone. Refusing to allow the child to communicate with his mother was part of the defendant's pattern of abusive behavior. He just testified that he spoke to his mother through snapchat. Fine. Then I move to examine the phone. It's irrelevant. You opened the door, Ms. sharp. Do you have your phone with you, son? You're the worst mother ever! I hate you! I want to live with my dad, and I'm gonna tell the judge that! Who was home the night you shot this snapchat for your mom? Me and my dad. Did your dad know that you made this snapchat for her? No. Were you mad at her? I don't know. You told her you hated her, Sam. You said that you wanted to go live with your dad. Did you mean that? Not really. Then why'd you say it? Did your dad tell you to say that? Sam, would you watch the screen, please? There. You see that? You see your arms? Who's holding the phone, Sam? Hey, look at me. You know what? You're not in trouble. But I need you to answer my question. My dad. He made me send it. I didn't want to, but he made me. Is it my fault? Did I kill my mom? No, Sam. No. It's not your fault. On the sole count of first degree murder, the jury finds the defendant, Jaxson Clark, guilty. Before you people started to deliberate, I instructed you on how to apply the law regarding murder. Yes, I detest this defendant. He did what he did, and a woman may have died because of it. But "may have" is not good enough. You rendered a decision based purely on emotion. Sit down, Mr. stone. You ignored my instructions completely, and now you force me to ignore your decision. - Your honor, I... - I said sit, Mr. stone. Unlike you, I actually listened to the testimony. The prosecution clearly did not establish that the defendant knew his actions would result in Ms. Spencer's death. Therefore, I am setting aside your verdict. You are free to go, Mr. Clark. And you are dismissed. I thought judges only overruled the jury verdict in textbooks. I know. I should never have dropped the lesser charges. You got your head out in front of your skis. We all do it. Once. Clark is getting a total pass. You know what I think? I think you should go home, go to sleep. I guarantee you, you wake up in the morning, there will be a brand new bad guy waiting for you. I just hope I can recognize him. I saw the same thing happen to a friend of mine. Nobody I know, I hope. A college friend. Corra. Her boyfriend, Rhys, he... He did a real number on her. And I didn't do anything. The law's got to change, mark. Then change it. Good morning, senators. I'm here to speak to you about the Illinois murder statute, specifically how it should include a situation in which one person, using emotional abuse, causes another to commit suicide. Let me tell you about Lily Spencer. She was a bright, kind woman, and a loving mother who did everything in her power to protect the future of her son from an abusive father. Peter stone. - Hi, corra. - I can't believe it. Um, did something happen with Rhys? I wouldn't know. Actually, I... I need to apologize for something. For what? Do you mind if I come in? I'll make coffee. - Thanks. - Yeah. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 