Twisted: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Twisted 
 s1e10 - Poison of Interest - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Twisted (2013–2014): Season 1, Episode 10 - Poison of Interest - full transcript 
 After Danny told them the truth about the necklace, Jo and Lacey now don't believe him when he says he has nothing to do with Regina's murder, which leaves Danny to feel more alone than ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Twisted"... A small dose can mimic food poisoning. You were the only one in there with Cole this morning. Gloria, I'm really sorry for your loss. She'd still be here if it weren't for your deranged monster of a son. I've already talked to the school board about having him kicked out of green grove high. - It's Danny. - What about Danny? I think that I'm in love with him. Mayor rollins, it's an honor to meet you. - Why don't you head on home? - You two hooking up or something? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No, she's like... She's like my sister. Archie, we need to talk. - I broke up with him. - So vikram had a separate secret account - in Bristol, Connecticut? - It was a business account for a company called marna, inc. - I had fun tonight. - Too bad you blew it. I did not take that necklace from Regina. You lied to us over and over again! We're done. Ready? Ready as I'll ever be. Hey, uh, thank you, guys, for coming. Do you want to sit down? We're fine here. Okay, um, I should have told you both that I had the necklace, obviously. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And I betrayed your trust by keeping something so... how are we supposed to believe that you didn't kill Regina? Lacey, I don't... I don't even know how to answer that. Who would leave the necklace in your locker like that? - That's what we've gotta figure out. - Yeah, says you. You had so many chances to tell me, Danny. - It was never a good time, Jo. - Really? How about after the raid when we were in the diner? What would you have done if I had told you then? Jo, would you have stuck by me? We'll never know, will we? You have anything else you want to say? I guess not. You two have clearly already made up your minds. It's just too many secrets, Danny. Doug: Uh... um... ( Exhales ) Infinity? How'd you get that video? I don't know what you're talking about. You sent me a video of two people doing stuff, - with their bodies and lips. - Shhh! Who made the video, Doug? Okay, I... I can't tell you who made that. The person that filmed it has asked for their identity to remain a secret. - God, it was you, wasn't it? - Oh my God, you're good. - You're so good at that! - Doug, that's disgusting! You think I don't know that! I have to live with my own shame, Rico. Okay, so after the party I went back to Danny's place to get Eloise's coat, and I saw Danny and that Lacey girl being... You know, sexual. And then I saw that Danny mask in the bushes, so I just... you wore a mask?! Of the guy you were filming? Are you trying to be the creepiest guy in the world? - No, it just happens. - You have to delete that video. - ( Groans ) - How would Lacey feel if that got out? - And what about Jo? - Why would Jo care? No reason, it's not important. Just, look, delete the video and make sure it doesn't get out to anyone else. - ( Sighs ) - God, do you know how badly you violated the mathlete code of ethics? - Pretty sure that's just about math though. - ( Groans ) ( Chatting ) - Hey, coach, what's going on? - I can't talk, Danny. I never should've covered for you. What... what are you talking about? I covered for you and now I'm out of a job. Wait wait, what happened? Coach Larson caved. He told the school board about what happened to Cole and that I kept it quiet. Sorry, Danny, I couldn't cover for you this time, kid. Get ready. You're in for a world of hurt. ( Theme music playing ) The cover-up that led to the termination of coach Harry Chandler has put the community of green grove back on edge. Word has now leaked out that the player who left the team immediately after the alleged poisoning incident - in the Regina crane murder investig... - ( TV clicks off ) God... Karen, after everything she's gone through lately. Not to mention Danny. I have to say I kinda feel for him. So you're assuming he didn't do it? I didn't say that. But if there was actual evidence, the farrells would've pressed formal charges... with me. Just because there's no evidence doesn't mean he's innocent. Honey, I know you're hurt that Danny lied about having that necklace... I'm sick of talking about this, mom. Just... At least think about how scared he must've been if it was left in his locker like that. Yeah, if. And I'm surprised you're so quick to believe him. You've been telling me for weeks not to trust Danny. There's more to the Regina crane case now than just Danny. Whatever. I'm gonna be late for chemistry, so. Hello, Karen. Karen, very nice to see you. I thought we were having a private meeting, mark. I apologize, Mrs. Desai. As president and vice president of the school board, we often find it helpful to be present - when discussing a student's future here. - His future? Karen, please. Have a seat. It's come to our attention that Danny has violated a strict condition of his continued enrollment here at green grove high. - What are you talking about? - After Danny got into a physical altercation with Archie yates, principal tang convinced the board not to expel him, on the condition he attend school-sponsored therapy. Sorry... which I did. - You missed a session, Danny. - October 19th. - ( Snorts ) - Wait, um, that's... I was working the mathlete booth at fall fest. Dr. reidy said that would be okay. No, Dr. reidy doesn't have the authority to say that it's okay. Why didn't you expel him two weeks ago then? I mean we all know this has nothing to do with a missed therapy session. It's about the ridiculous accusations that my son poisoned another player on the soccer team. I will admit that the scandal has intensified the, uh, unease surrounding Danny's presence here. I-I didn't poison Cole. Please. You gotta believe me. Coach Chandler and coach Larson tell a very different story. Not to mention Cole Farrell himself. You can't just expel Danny like this. There must be some sort of recourse here. Principal tang? Any, uh... "Recourse" you can think of... sir? We could have a hearing. - What do you mean by hearing? - The student being considered for expulsion can invite anyone to attend and speak for him. And the school board can ask people to attend and speak against him. Fine. We'll have the hearing quickly... tomorrow afternoon before this turns into some sort of media circus. - Does that work for you, Mrs. Desai? - I guess it has to. - We'll see you all tomorrow. - I look forward to it, Karen. ( Door opens ) The soccer team is in serious upheaval. Scott says everyone's really looking to Archie for leadership right now. He's a great captain. I'm sure he'll get them through it. Someone's gushing about their ex. It's not like I broke up with Archie for any sort of bad reason. - It just wasn't right anymore - Whatever, I just hope this is the final nail in the socio's coffin. Yeah, me too. We should do something fun. Get our minds off all this craziness. What? Why is that such a shocking thing to say? It's not, it's just... You've just been so aloof lately. - I've really felt it, lace, a lot. - Why are you sitting with us? I'm sorry, you guys, post-Archie, it's been a little weird. Wanna come over tonight? Hang out? You too, jana. ( Bell ringing ) Cole, you know I didn't do this. Um, actually, I don't. When I came to visit you in the hospital, you were upset I left the team. Yeah, that was before I knew coach found mothballs in the trash. Why would I poison you? It just doesn't make any sense. - I took your position. - You know I didn't care about that. You were my friend, Cole. You are my friend. We barely know each other. ( Chuckles ) This is because of Archie, isn't it? He's gotten inside your head about me. Come on, you know how much he hated having me on the team. Seriously? You gonna accuse my captain now? That's nice, Desai. That's real nice. Rico: Do you really think he'd do that? - Poison someone over a soccer position? - Who knows. - Danny is full of secrets. - So I guess you're over him now? Trust me, I can barely look at him. Jo. Hey, crazy day, huh? Have you seen him? No, I've been keeping a low profile. - Lace, you haven't actually met Rico, have you? - Yeah, I guess not. - Hey, Rico. - Good to meet you in... in person. - In person? - What? I mean, not like I've... I mean not like I've seen you not in person or anything like that, it's just Jo's talked about you and you've become like this concept, this idea... and now, you know, you're human... person in person. So, um, I've got to get to class, I think. Right, okay. - Okay, that was weird. - No, that was Rico. Have you seen him? Danny? I saw him in the hall. Managed to escape before he spotted me. ( Exhales ) I think it might be easier if he gets expelled. Arch. Lacey. Hanging out with Jo Masterson, I see. - Nice to see you too, Archie. - It's fine. Jo's just as freaked out by Danny as everyone else. Okay, yeah. I'm sorry, Jo. It's been a weird couple of days. Everyone's reeling. You know, the team. Has coach Larson stepped in? Yeah, but he's no replacement for coach Chandler. And I know he lied about finding that stuff in the trash, - but I get it. - You do? Well yeah, he was trying to protect the team. And, you know, why make Danny's life harder? But you still think Danny poisoned Cole, right? Maybe he did. Who knows? After everything I feel kind of bad for the guy. - Weird, huh? - Yeah. Weird. Well, it's good to see you, lace. Yeah, you too. He's being really nice about Danny. I guess. Do you remember what Danny said that night at the cemetery? - About Archie setting him up? - What, you believe him? Why would Archie suddenly change his whole attitude about Danny now? I know how hard this must be for you. You stood up for Danny from the beginning. But you have to move on. You just have to let him go. Karen: I really think you should go back. Says the woman taking a personal day from work. I'm trying to focus on tomorrow. I'm calling every parent and teacher I can until I find people to speak for you. No one's gonna speak for me, mother. Have you tried talking to Jo and Lacey again? They're barely speaking to me now. I can't believe I'm gonna get expelled. I really thought I was making progress at that place. Don't give up. We have to fight. I'm gonna go talk to Tess, maybe she can help get Jo on board. I mean, it really helped when she stood up for you after Regina died, right? Not really. But it was nice. We're gonna get through this, okay? So now you're telling me vikram Desai had a secret company in Connecticut? You can't be serious, Kyle. How else do you explain that apartment in Connecticut? Or the money that was sent to Regina from the bank account You said it was called marna? What did Karen Desai have to say about it? She claims she never knew vikram went to Connecticut for business. But the interesting thing is I checked the online filing logs, and a company named marna filed paperwork for a building permit two years ago. At city hall here in green grove. And? And we came in to pull the actual files, and they were gone. Missing. - Strange, isn't it? - ( Laughs ) Come on, Kyle, now you think someone in city hall is hiding building permits? Why? That's what I'm trying to understand. Vikram was doing something with this company... something he didn't want people to know about. Who cares? Vikram is dead. I know. There must be someone covering for him. Someone who you think murdered Regina crane? I'm just trying to solve this case. Well, you're not doing a very good job. The prime suspect is out there poisoning other students. What are you gonna do about him? John, can you just look into what might've happened with those files, please? ( Sighs ) Okay, I'll... I'll see what I can find out, all right? Wow. If looks could kill... ( Sighs ) What do you want, Tyler? I just wanted to see how you were doing, since everybody found out about this poisoning thing. I'm sure all this will make great fodder for your documentary. Nah, I killed it. It just didn't feel right after what happened at the party. You mean what you did at the party. Can't you let me off the hook? I'll take full blame. It's not like I'm asking you to go out with me again. I know that's not likely. But can we at least be friendly? Life at this school is just so much more interesting with you in it. - I'll think about it. - Thank you. All I ask. How's Danny? I wouldn't know. So even you've phased him out? You hear about the expulsion hearing tomorrow? When I was interviewing people for my movie, it was such a struggle to find anyone to say anything nice about him. And now there might not be anyone left. Lacey: Come on, you so have a crush on Scott. Oh, shut it. Can't I just dislike jana for her personality? - Hey. - Twice in one day. Um, arch, I know it's been weird since we... since I ended things, but I'd like to try and be friends. If that's cool with you. You think that's possible? - It's... it's possible. - Uh, Lacey, hi! - You remember me? It's... - Rico. - Right. - I know. We talked like two hours ago. Right, of course. Um... I just had a quick question about... Jo and her hair. Don't move. I'll be right back. - Yeah, no. - Okay. Good luck with your hair issue. Sweet, thanks, man. I really appreciate it. It's just... it's private. Girls. Um... Okay, what's... what's this about? Someone has a video of you and Danny hooking up. Hold on, what? This mathlete, Doug, filmed you and Danny after that party at Danny's house through a window, like, being intimate... Physically. - Yeah, okay, I get it. - Well, anyways, I told Doug to delete it, and he said he would, but clearly he didn't because a guy on the debate team just said Doug showed it to him a few hours ago. God, I can't believe he did that! - That is so freaking... - Creepy, yeah, I know, I shamed him, but clearly it didn't take. You should try confronting him, because he's extremely intimidated by women. Um, not that intimidated, since he's an amateur porn director. - Oh no, he was wearing a mask, so even if you saw him... - A mask?! - Oh my God, what? - Should I not have said that part? Lacey, I just... I thought you should know, because obviously if this thing got out... It would be bad, you know, for... for you. Okay, so you're gonna take care of it, right? Right, great, you're gonna take care of it, okay. Okay. ( Doorbell rings ) Hey. What are you doing here? I don't trust you, Danny. I don't know if I can ever trust you again. But I don't think you should get expelled for something that you didn't do. He said he felt bad for me? Yeah, that doesn't sound like Archie. It was strange, phony, seemed like he was trying to cover something. If he did poison Cole to get you kicked off the team, do you think there's any way to prove it? At this point? Probably not. Who's gonna listen to me, anyway? My mother's right. My best chance is to find some people to speak for me tomorrow. ( Forced laugh ) What about Tyler's movie? ( Laughs ) You're kidding, right? He said that he interviewed a lot of people... before all this. Some of them said nice things about you. How can you hang out with that guy after what he did at my party? Who I hang out with is none of your business anymore, is it? Danny, if he can edit together a video of people who are on your side, you can show it to the school board tomorrow. Kyle: Me? Speak for Danny? Are you serious? I had to ask. Karen's struggling to find people. I texted Jo about it, she won't even write me back. Besides, you're the one who said this case was more complicated now. Well, it doesn't mean that Danny's off the hook. And it may get real simple again if I can't get mayor rollins to help me. A very simple, straightforward dead end. You'll figure it out. Did you ever talk to Gloria crane about Regina and vikram? I tried, but it didn't go too well. She was beyond insulted that I would even suggest that her daughter could be connected to a married man, denied they ever met each other. Hey, I can't really blame her. I mean, come on. Can you imagine if it were Jo? I'd never believe anything sordid like that about her. ( Sighs ) Gloria must be in so much pain. I kind of get why she's targeting Danny so aggressively, you know? Clearly, I should've sent you to interview her. Maybe you could've gotten through to her for me. - ( Music playing softly ) - ( Laughter ) Oh my God, I love Jennifer Lawrence's hair like this. - It's so stylish. - Ugh, I hate that bitch. "Hunger games" can bite my ass. Did you guys see "winter's bone"? Her face was, like, really dirty in it. Yeah, but she was supposed to be, like, super poor in that, I think. I mean, she ate squirrels. Lacey, you okay? Yeah, I'm fine. - I'm just tired. - ( Phone vibrates ) - Someone just sent me a weird video. - ( Beeps ) Oh my God. - That Cat is playing the harp! - ( Laughs ) Someone's easily amused. You guys, can I ask you something? If you found out that I did something bad... upsetting, do you think you'd be able to forgive me? - Of course. - Lacey! There's nothing you could do to make any of us hate you. I'm sure there's something. There's nothing. You're my best friend. Always will be. Got it? Danny Desai? Yeah, he's okay, I guess. I almost wet my pants the first time I was alone with him, but after that, it's been... All right. Wow, almost wet his pants, but didn't. After hearing a rave review like that, the school board won't dare expel me. No offense, buddy, but the compliments came few and far between. It's gonna take me awhile to dig them up, so why don't you just chill out, okay? Okay, come on, can you think of anyone who might've said something nice? The soccer team? - Danny, I thought they... - Hated me by the time I left? Pretty much, but not Cole. Um, any chance you interviewed Cole Farrell - after he got back from being sick? - Maybe. - Hold on. - ( Rewinding ) How many interviews did you do? You need to do a lot to make a good movie. - I took this thing really seriously. - I remember, believe me. Okay. He's trying to help. Could you at least be cordial? It's just kinda hard to be around him after what he did, you know? Hard to be around someone after they've hurt you... yeah, I have no idea how that feels. I know I don't deserve this... you, helping me, but I'm glad that you're here. It actually makes me feel like I got a shot. Found it. Uh, Danny's a great guy. He was a real asset to the team. It's a shame he quit. Tyler: Some other players have said he was - the reason you got sick. - No, that rumor is so bogus. A lot of the team had real been nasty to Danny - ever since he joined. - Okay, but is is possible - Danny did that to you? - I mean, I guess anything's possible. But the Danny I know? He would never do something like that. - He's my friend. - ( Taps keyboard ) I told you it wasn't a smear piece. Danny, we have to show this to the school board tomorrow. No. We... we have to show this to Cole. Thanks for agreeing to sit down with me, Gloria. I know you're very busy. - It's been a bit of a hectic time. - I'm sure. For coach Chandler to have hidden evidence that a player may have been poisoned, For some bizarre reason he seemed to have a soft spot for that Desai boy. Right, but he obviously didn't think there was solid evidence that he was responsible. Really? Then why do you think he asked him to leave the team? I don't know the answer to that. But do you really think it's fair to kick him out of school? Danny is being kicked out of school because he missed a school-required therapy session. You and I both know that's not the real reason. What is it you want, Tess? Look, I can't begin to imagine how much pain you must be in. If I ever lost Jo, I would be... ( sighs ) But, Gloria, Karen is a mother too and she's struggling. And I know you think Danny is responsible - for what happened to Regina... - I don't think. I know. Call it a mother's intuition. I'm going to make sure that that boy is expelled and then I will move heaven and earth until he pays for what he did to my daughter. Kyle insists that the case is more complicated now... your husband is in over his head. You have a lot of nerve coming to talk to me about Danny Desai when your husband is too incompetent to arrest him and your daughter follows him around like a puppy dog. Don't talk about my daughter like that. I think we're done here, Tess. Have a nice day. I mean, the Danny I know? He would never do something like that. He's my friend. Yeah, I said all this before I knew everything... the coach's cover-up, the mothballs in the trash. Cole, we were together the whole time in that weight room. When could I have poisoned you? And why would I leave the mothball package right there for everyone to see? It doesn't make any sense. I gotta get to class. They're gonna expel me, Cole! Please. I need you to speak for me today. I'm already speaking at the hearing. Gloria crane called me. Archie's speaking too. Shocking. Maybe we'll just have to show everyone this interview. - The board, Archie. - ( Huffs ) You can't. I didn't know what I was talking about then, I didn't know everything that had happened. You're not giving us much of a choice. Please, don't. This team means so much to me. How's it gonna look if I'm seen defending him after everything that's in the news? I was your friend, okay? I was. And people turned on me because of it. Look, we get all that, Cole, but come on... Danny shouldn't have to be expelled because you're afraid your teammates are gonna be mad at you. We're not gonna show the video. Look, say whatever you have to say to the board today. Okay? I get it. Why'd you let him off the hook? I know how hard it is to be an outsider on that team. And I don't wanna pressure Cole into doing anything that's gonna hurt him. - But now you're gonna be... - Expelled? Maybe, we'll see. Why didn't you talk to Doug? - I decided not to. - Lacey, now he's sending it out to people! I even heard a few chess club guys talking about it. - I don't really feel like confronting that creep Doug. - Lacey, he... if it makes it to my friends, then so be it. They'll be mad, but they'll forgive me. Yeah, but Jo might not! Jo? What are you talking about? Of course she will. I mean, it'll be weird, - but she'll understand. - No no, she won't! Okay? She's in love with Danny! Okay? I know! She told me she loves him, like, a lot. Okay. But not anymore, right? - After Danny lied to us about... - No, she says she doesn't. I know Jo really well and I know she's lying. She's still in love with him. Lacey, if she found out about you and Danny... - If she sees that video... - She's not gonna see it. Take me to Doug. ( Chatting ) Jo, you came. - Are you...? - She just signed up to speak. I can't take any credit for convincing her though. - Thank you. - I'll do what I can. - So I heard you're speaking today. - Yeah. It's nothing personal. It's just when the school board calls, you know, you answer it. Bruce: All right then, we will now hear what people have to say, and then make an informed decision about whether to give Mr. Desai a second chance, despite his recent infraction. Up first is Archie yates. ( Sighs ) Mr. yates, you played soccer with Mr. Desai. What was your experience like? Uh, well, he was a really good soccer player. Helped the team. To be honest, I didn't really have anything against the guy. It was just hard... for the team. Please explain. He was... Difficult. I mean, the guys were all freaked out by him. I mean, I hate to say it, but we were all kind of relieved when he quit. I'm sorry. Allegedly quit. You had a physical confrontation with Mr. Desai. - Tell us about that. - Oh, to be honest... It was pretty scary. The look in his eyes when he punched me, it was intense. I still think about it sometimes. Okay, thank you, Mr. yates. You're welcome, sir. Bruce: Thank you, Mr. Stevens. I'm sorry having Mr. Desai in your class made teaching more stressful. Next up we have Cole Farrell. Mr. Farrell, tell me about your relationship with Mr. Desai. I liked Danny. I still like Danny. He's a good guy. - ( Crowd murmuring ) - A good guy? You do contend that Danny Desai was the only person in the weight room that day you got sick? Please, Gloria. Look, I'm not saying Danny didn't do it. I mean, I just... I don't know. And that's the truth. All right, thank you. It could've been worse, right? I'll take it. I'm sorry, okay? I wish I could take it all back, - but it just happened. - Just happened? How do you "just happen" to put on a mask and film two people hooking up? - That's a really smart question. - ( Clicking ) - Doug, you said you'd get rid of it. - I know, but... Suddenly I had this thing that people wanted and it made me feel so, you know, awesome. Look, the chess club guys wanna hang out with me! They are, like, really choosy, socially. All right, Doug, let me explain exactly what's gonna happen here. You're gonna delete that video from your phone. And then you're gonna make a list of everyone that you sent it to and you're gonna delete it from their phones, and their desktops, and their laptops. Oh my God, will you please stop clicking that retainer? Yeah, I can do all those things. Good. And if you don't it'll be my mission to make the rest of your high-school experience hurt, badly. The same way certain people may be hurt if they saw that video. - Got it? - Yeah. - Go. - Oh, right. Wow, that was hardcore. You probably shouldn't have yelled at Eloise like that though. She doesn't forget. She doesn't forget. ( Groans ) I know it's easy to condemn Danny. I know he's made some mistakes, but I've seen firsthand how hard he's trying to start over. So please, give him one more chance. Thank you. Mrs. Masterson, thank you for that. Excuse me, Bruce, but does this board really believe that it's appropriate for the wife of our chief of police to defend the prime suspect in my daughter's murder investigation? I could ask the same question, Gloria. How is it appropriate that you to have any say in Danny Desai's future at this school? Especially after you told me over breakfast today - that it was your mission to get him kicked out? - No, I never said that! - Yes, you did. - Danny Desai is a threat to every parent here. How can you stand there, defending a serial killer? Don't talk about my son that way! - Karen, don't. - Mrs. Desai, please. Mrs. Masterson has the floor now. - It's just my opinion, Karen. - Screw you! How would you like me to give my opinion of your child and call her what she was... - a whore? - ( Crowd gasps ) - Sit down. - Okay, everyone calm down please. Just calm down. Okay, last one to speak is Jo Masterson. Ms. Masterson, tell us about your relationship - to Danny Desai. - Well, it's, um... It's complicated. But I know he's a good person. Okay, can you elaborate on that? ( Sighs ) I can't. I just... I know it. We've been through a lot since he got back. It hasn't all been easy. What do you mean "it hasn't been easy"? To believe in him, to trust him. But in the end I can't turn away from him. Why, Jo? Explain to us why you can't turn away from him? I wish I could. It would be a lot easier for me if I could. To move on from him, to let him go. But he's just... The most amazing person. And for the first time, I feel like... When I'm with him, I just feel so... I mean, how could he be this bad person, if I'm falling... ( murmuring ) Okay, thank you so much, Jo. You may sit down. Hey. Hey. - So when do you hear? - Could be any minute. Any hour. I guess it depends on how long it takes for them to recover from my mother calling Regina crane a whore. Yeah, probably won't go in the plus column. Probably not. Jo, about what you said... we don't have to talk about that. I was just... I really wanted to help. I mean, after all that crap with Archie and Gloria? I mean I was pretty revved up. Right. Well, um... Thank you. Jo, what we have... Our relationship... it's very special. And... I don't know what I would do without it. Okay? Text when you hear, okay? I will. Hey, chief Masterson! You know, I was thinking about our conversation the other day, and you were right... it is time for me to step up and help you out. This is Marilyn rossi. Marilyn, I want you to meet chief of police Kyle Masterson. - Great to meet you, chief. - Ms. rossi. - What's this about, John? - It's about Marilyn. She's a top-notch investigator, currently working for a well-respected private firm. Would you like to see my credentials? No thanks, that won't be necessary. - I don't get what's going on. - Well, it seems the crane investigation has gone a little off course and I think Marilyn here can really help us out. - You don't have the authority to... - Actually I do! I spoke to Albany. They're fully on board. They're not really loving the bad p.R. Green grove has been getting and they want to see this case solved along with everyone else. Don't worry, chief. I can play well with others. We'll get along great. Now you go solve this thing, you two! Let's start at the beginning. Walk me through the night of the crime and show me everything you have on Danny Desai. Jo, hey. Hey. I heard about what you said at the school board. I get it, you know? Why you stood up for Danny like that. It's hard to let go. Yeah... Especially since I'm in love with him. - Oh, wow. Jo, I... - You don't have to pretend, Lacey. I mean, everyone knows, after the way I acted at the hearing. Even Danny probably knows. - I should've told you. - I... I get why you didn't. You thought it might have been weird, right? The three of us and our friendship? Yeah. Plus I know that he doesn't feel the same way about me. - How do you know he doesn't? - I just know. But even if he did... I hope you know I never would've dated him without talking to you first. I care about you so much, Lacey. About us. I care about us too. Wanna...? I wanna thank you both for being so patient through this entire process. - I know... - Cut to the chase, mark. Danny, I'm so sorry. The school board has decided to uphold the expulsion. I tried, but there's nothing else I can do. ( Phone vibrates ) ( Beeps ) ( Man vocalizing ) ¶ I think I found hell ¶ I think I found something ¶ ¶ I think I found something in my TV screen ¶ ¶ I think I found out ¶ that I have nothing ¶ that I have nothing in this place for me ¶ ¶ I watched it all in my head ¶ ¶ perfect sins, they'll take me from my bed ¶ ¶ leave everything that is worth a single cent ¶ ¶ and just take me instead ¶ that TV show i saw as I fell asleep ¶ ¶ had me on both my knees ¶ praying to whatever is in heaven ¶ ¶ please send me a felon and don't let the police ¶ ¶ know anything ¶ anything, don't tell them anything ¶ ¶ anything please ¶ anything ¶ anything, don't tell them anything ¶ ¶ anything please ¶ oh ¶ I think I can tell ¶ I think I can tell them ¶ tell them they were made for me... ¶ Danny. I guess I'm gonna go clean out my locker. Okay. I'll just get the car. ( Phone vibrates ) ¶ I bet they planned it all out, like the shows ¶ ¶ went everywhere I go ¶ walk in the store right behind me ¶ ¶ stood in line right beside me and followed me to my home ¶ ¶ I'm sure they figured it out ¶ ¶ early on - What did you get for problem five? - ( Phone vibrates ) Oh God, it must be Danny. Did he get expelled? - ( Gasps ) - What... what's wrong? - Jo? - ( Phone beeps ) ( Vocalizing ) ¶ We're gonna die die die ¶ die! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 