The Story of Film: An Odyssey: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Story of Film: An Odyssey 
 s1e2 - The Hollywood Dream - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Story of Film: An Odyssey (2011): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Hollywood Dream - full transcript 
 The Story of Film looks at the period 1918-1928 and examines the growth of Hollywood as the center of an entertainment industry. It looks at the story telling techniques of The Thief of ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: At the end of the 1800s, a new art form flickered into life. It looked like our dreams. Movies are a multi-billion-dollar global entertainment industry now, but what drives them isn't box office or showbiz... ..it's passion, innovation. So, let's travel the world to find this innovation for ourselves. We'll discover it in this man, Stanley Donen, who made 'Singin' in the Rain'... ..and in Jane Campion in Australia and in the films of Kyoko Kagawa, who was in perhaps the greatest movie ever made... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ..and in Amitabh Bachchan, the most famous actor in the world and in the movies of Martin Scorsese and Spike Lee, Lars von Trier and Akira Kurosawa. Welcome to The Story of Film: An Odyssey, an epic tale of innovation across 12 decades, six continents and 1,000 films. In this chapter, we meet the great film comedian Charlie Chaplin and discover the realist directors who threatened Hollywood. 1918 - World War I had just ended. Much of Europe was scorched earth. The seeds of Nazism had been planted. A few years later, the Surrealist Manifesto said that art should record dreams, but what dreams? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 In the hills of Los Angeles, the myth of Hollywood had just been born. The town had started to burnish itself. Starlets with the especial slenderness of youth were attracted by the bauble that is Hollywood - shiny and romantic with its escapism and promise of perfection. This part of the story of film is about the strengthening of Hollywood, how it becomes an industry, a factory with which the world would fall in love. But as we'll see, for all its strength and power, many inside the factory system of Hollywood seemed not to notice how fragile it was... ..how breakable. Before the 1920s were over, key filmmakers were trying to break the bauble. Investment in cinema increased tenfold in the late teens and '20s. Hollywood became an industry. The money often came from the East Coast bankers. On the West Coast, it was spent by a series of production bosses - working-class, Jewish businessmen. Adolph Zukor, a Hungarian immigrant and fur trader, set up Famous Players which would become Paramount. Four Canadian-Polish brothers set up Warner Bros. A brash Russian called Louis B. Mayer ran MGM. They built big, boring bunkers called sound stages so that filming could move indoors, into the dark, to control this... ..light. This scene in 'Citizen Kane' shows that Hollywood would work wonders with light. The beams make the library look like a sepulchre. The documents gleam. WOMAN: Thank you, James. Hollywood set up a production line system, the way that the Model T Ford motor car was assembled. In Japan at the time, directors led the production process, but in Hollywood, it was production bosses, like Zukor and Mayer and Warner. Below them in the movie barns, writers would concoct stories. Talent scouts would find new starlets in coffee shops or magazines. Set designers in the boring buildings would invent magnificent buildings. This is what legendary Hollywood designer William Cameron Menzies thought Baghdad might look like - inhuman in scale, elegant and decorative. (GONG CHIMES) (FANFARE SOUNDS) Costume designers conjured lifestyles and selves and got to know the bodies of their stars. This is one of Marilyn Monroe's dresses. Make-up artists came up with new types of foundation and eyelash and look. This is the room and table where Marilyn Monroe went blonde. Engineers devised new technology - lights to illuminate hair, to make eyelashes cast shadows on the face of Marlene Dietrich in 'Desire'... ..dollies on which to move the camera to make the image glide. The image glided in 'Gone with the Wind', as if blown by the wind, away from the lovers and the sunset. And new cameras themselves - beautiful objects. This one, used in World War II, half camera, half gun. This one, from the 1960s, portable and nosey. And then the money men thought, "Wait a minute. "Why don't we buy the screens as well "so we can control where the films are shown and when?" And so things that were made in boring buildings were shown in grand ones. The whole point was to standardise and control. Actress Joan Crawford's contract specified when she should go to bed. Johnny Weissmuller's 'Tarzan' contract fined him for every pound he weighed over 190 pounds. Novelist Henry Miller called Hollywood's production line a dictatorship in which the artist is silenced. It was a dictatorship and yet, some say there was genius in it. A genius of sorts, Busby Berkeley, choreographed this fantasy - girls in the snow making patterns with their moves - increasingly abstract, geometric. Stanley Donen, who made 'Singin' in the Rain'. The studio system... ..in my opinion, didn't really get into the film. The studio system was the garden where we all worked. I mean, there I was at MGM with a lot of enormously gifted people and I often think about that... ..that idea of having a company which brought people together. To make money is all they were doing. They weren't doing it for any other reason. What was behind it was an economic thing. They were a company making money or hoping to make money. So, the industry was a bauble, but also a garden, which is what Agnes de Mille called Hollywood a decade earlier. And what varied flowers grew there. MGM, for example, which was so proud of itself that it filmed its own neoclassical buildings, was said to have more stars than there are in heaven. Its movies had an opulence, an optimism. In this dance scene in 'Singin' in the Rain', even the shadows have light in them. Warner Bros. was more streetwise. Its stars were angels with dirty faces. Scenes like this one from 'The Maltese Falcon' had a downtrodden hero, harder lighting, sharper shadows, gangster outfits, night-time settings. Murder, melodrama, movie journalism. This scene from 'The Scarlet Empress' shows Paramount's style - sparkling, champagney, costumes on display, feminine, romantic, wry, more taken by the veiled in the east. WOMAN: Tell me, Alexei, are you still fond of me? Yes, Your Imperial Majesty. I love you. The studio system was a capitalist production line. It was copied around the world in India, Mexico, Italy, Britain, China, Hong Kong, Korea and France. Each of those industries made formulaic, copycat movies. But the system also fostered expertise and taste, extravagance and brilliance. The ghost in the machine was art. Is it cold? By the mid-'20s, the boring buildings were making 700 films a year. This is one of them - 'The Thief of Bagdad'. It could stand for many of them. It states its theme upfront. A holy man shows that happiness must be earned - a tweak of the American dream. Then a wide shot of a street scene. We hardly notice the man lying at the head height of the merchants. But then we dissolve inwards to see him. We recognise him. He's the movie star Douglas Fairbanks. He's also its producer. He's asleep at the centre of the action, unaware that we're looking at him. We dissolve in again. Soft lighting, shallow focus, make-up, a certain femininity. But then he steals a man's wallet. Our beautiful, dreaming hero is a thief. The passerby exits screen right, notices his wallet is missing. Cut to Doug, who looks screen right. The camera doesn't cross the line. We know he's looking at his victim, smiling. In just 90 seconds, the film has told us its theme - romantic and American, introduced us to a society, then a scene... ..then an individual, seduced us with style - the poetics of lighting, amused us with character - a likeable rogue, a human being like us, but more glamorous and with a more exciting life. It makes the space very clear. We're not confused about where we are. The story kicks in, of course. The thief has broken into a palace. He hears that a princess is there, glimpses her fairytale bed. Will he go down to look at her? No...no...maybe. No. Yes. We can't wait to see her either. The curl of the fantasy balcony, the elegant attenuation of her mosquito net, his trousers are see-through now. He looks through the net. His shadow. Hollywood cinema - the bauble - is brilliant at the anticipation of seeing, the desire to see, the pleasure of seeing. The thief falls in love, of course and his love sets in motion the rest of the film. This sort of movie is usually called classical, but really, it's romantic. It became Hollywood's claim to fame in the '20s. It's what most people mean when they even say the word 'movie'. It's the mainstream, the bauble. So, Hollywood mainstream films in the '20s were entertaining and romantic, but our theme is innovation in cinema. Were they innovative? Some of the most popular films of the '20s - the comedies - most certainly were. Three filmmakers - Buster Keaton, Charlie Chaplin and Harold Lloyd were the greatest of the American comedy directors. Before them, there was mostly slapstick. This sight gag on a fast-moving train was typical - a good cheap laugh using a bucket of water. But then came Keaton, obsessed by the camera. In this scene from his film 'The Cameraman', he shows that fascination. Keaton became the greatest comic image maker the cinema had yet seen. He thought like an architect. In this sequence in a short film he made in 1920, the house he's built becomes a playpen. It falls around him. Keaton helped define silent cinema. He just got it. We've already seen that he got that, in editing, a cut replaces one space with another. Here, he jokes about it as if, as he's walking down a street, he's suddenly on a clifftop. But as this scene shows, he also got that movies are about looking. And he got that they're brilliant at daredevilling. He begins this sequence with an overhead shot to make the building look really high. In the story, Buster must jump between the tall buildings. He had a set built above this 3rd Street tunnel in LA... ..right at the very top of this old archive shot of the tunnel. Keaton's camera position makes him look far higher up than he was. There was a net just below, out of shot. Just as well because Keaton didn't make it and was badly bruised. Keaton's inventiveness was often highly planned, but sometimes, spontaneous. Here, he saw a train arriving and so improvised a gag to make it look like he himself stopped it then started it again. One of his greatest movies, 'The General', was a comedy epic about a train. It's set during the American Civil War. Buster's a Southern train driver - a bit eccentric, obsessed by detail. In the first half of the film, he travels north to the captive's lair and rescues his sweetheart. Every visual joke and set-up in the first half is repeated and amplified in the second, but in reverse order. We get the pattern. We see the next joke coming and we're laughing before it even starts. The climax of the film has been called the most stunning visual event ever arranged for a comedy, perhaps for any kind of film. The northern enemies advance in so Keaton sets fire to a bridge. Their train crosses, the bridge gives way. This is no trick shot. The locomotive and the bridge were real. The wreck of the train was visible for years to come. Such scale, such sublime was a key element of silent film. Labour was cheap. Wall Street hadn't crashed. Imaginations were extravagant and uncapped. Studios were not yet afraid of the size of directors' dreams. Keaton's dreams outstripped his box office. He was eventually sacked by MGM. He hit the bottle and lived in a trailer in a car park beside his former studio. He was forgotten for years, but as this rare archive footage of him shows, Keaton was joking till the end. This little cigarette routine shows he still had the urge to improvise. In 1965, at the Venice Film Festival, he got a standing ovation. He died the next year. Amongst the scores of filmmakers who were influenced by Keaton is Palestine's Elia Suleiman. This scene shows that Suleiman, like Keaton, filmed in deadpan. He keeps back from the action and finds grumpiness funny. Buster Keaton only once shared the screen with our next great silent film comedian, Charlie Chaplin. In this scene in 'Limelight', Chaplin shows that whilst he was less into the camera than Keaton, he was far more into body movement. (PIANO PLAYS OUT OF TUNE) Chaplin thought like a dancer and a vaudevillian. Here, he rehearses a comic movement before filming it in costume. Actor and producer Norman Lloyd knew Chaplin and also Alfred Hitchcock, who was born not far from Chaplin in London. Hitch came from a middle-class family. His father was a poultry dealer - fish and poultry and... ..Hitch always had an aspiration to be part of that world. Charlie came out of the direst poverty that you can imagine. Unbelievable poverty. I mean, stuff like he and his brother, Sydney, who was his half-brother... ..stealing fruit - rotten fruit. They would know where the wagon was with fruit that was going to be dumped. They'd go and get that fruit, eat that fruit. His mother, being put into an asylum and out - in and out. I think his father was a drinker. Charlie had such an upbringing that it's in the movies. And never more so than in his first feature-length picture, 'The Kid', which recreated the rooms and relationships of Chaplin's childhood - cold mornings, worn-out bedding, life in a London garret with a bath on the wall. Chaplin plays a version of his by now famous character, a penniless tramp who thinks he's a gentleman dilettante. He finds an orphan boy and brings him up. The boy starts to work for his dad. He breaks windows so his dad can fix them. Shot in America, of course, but English-style windows and doors. Eventually, the boy is taken to an orphanage. Chaplin coaxed a brilliant performance from Jackie Coogan as he's taken away. The film humanised comic cinema. It D.W. Griffith-ised it, you could say. It showed Chaplin's passion and empathy with the poor. He was a huge hit around the world. Chaplin was cinema's Charles Dickens. He built his own studio in LA in the English style and filmed it in time lapse. A rare thing to do, which shows his pride in it. He had final cut on his films. His premiers were mobbed. The studio today looks like a row of English houses plonked in a megalopolis. A deleted scene from his film 'City Lights' that Chaplin made 10 years later shows how his mind worked. He's on a street corner. A piece of wood is stuck in an air vent. Chaplin begins to play with it, to improvise. The Soviets thought of him as a Marxist, but Chaplin was almost a Jungian too - a believer in play, inspiration, finding ideas within yourself. It's like he's strumming on the table, letting his unconscious do its work. 60 years later, the British director Nicolas Roeg also seemed to try to show the unconscious lives of his characters. Could be right. Then again, why spoil the mystery? The people act cool with each other, but their hands, filmed in close-up, suggest twitchy mental energy. Chaplin's deleted scene is a lovely little poem about daydreaming on street corners. Stanley Donen sees ideas in Chaplin too. To be wonderful choreography, it has to have an idea which overwhelms the whole production or dance or whatever you'd like to call it and that's what's hard to find - a great, wonderful, encompassing idea for the musical number. Well, the idea of the dictator kicking the balloon is a great metaphor because it's Adolf Hitler making the world his toy and the image is so spectacular that that's the kind of thing I'm talking about. If you can come up with that kind of idea... But it had to be... First, he was going to make, I don't know how he thought of it in what order, but he was going to make a film about Adolf Hitler and he was going to play Hitler and how is he going to make a buffoon of him, but not... ..not make him be the ogre that he was. That's quite an accomplishment. Fascism and ballet. Who else would have thought up a scene like this? No-one else in the story of film combines entertainment, ideas, movement, improvisation and politics like Chaplin. In France in the 1940s, Chaplin inspired Jacques Tati, but Tati leant forwards and wore short trousers, where Chaplin lent backwards and wore long ones. In Italy, Toto became a huge star wearing Chaplin's trademark bowler hat and with Chaplin's jabby, confident manner. And in the massive film industry of India, this man, megastar and director Raj Kapoor, modelled his screen character, the Tramp, on Chaplin's streetwise plucky, tipping his hat, stealing from the rich. And in America itself, the great director Billy Wilder saw Chaplin as his master. Gloria Swanson explicitly impersonates him in 'Sunset Boulevard'. But even a moment like this in Chaplin's 'The Great Dictator'... ..was reworked in this scene in Wilder's 'Some Like It Hot'. Look at that. Look how she moves. Chaplin co-founded United Artists, the studio that made 'Some Like It Hot'. The studio was one of the great foundation stones of Hollywood. Chaplin was in American cinema's bloodstream. But to the country's shame, it kicked him out in the '50s because he was a leftist. When you work with a man like Chaplin or Renoir... ..you assimilate, you hope, their greatness. That is to say, you become part of their world and you try to not only work on that level, but you... ..absorb something from them and you begin to have the points of view that they have. Not that you've disregarded your own, but what you bring... ..is the ability to... ..assimilate what they do. The comedian who was most influenced by Chaplin in the '20s was the Nebraskan son of a photographer, Harold Lloyd. At first, Lloyd was too like Chaplin. Here, he shrugs, wears a frock coat and sports a moustache, but then he and his producer tried him in big, black-rimmed glasses. In those days, this was a nerdy look, but add in Lloyd's athleticism and the flinty courage that we see here and you get a ballsy dreamer both aggressive and lyrical - a jock nerd. Lloyd's most influential film, 'Safety Last', ends with one of the most famous sequences in '20s cinema. He plays a hick who pretends to his girlfriend that he's manager of a store. In the climax of the film, as a publicity stunt for the store, Lloyd, who had vertigo and a missing thumb and forefinger on one hand in real life, climbs the building. The sequence is a vertical obstacle race. A bird, a net, a plank, a clock, a rope, a dog, a mouse, a gun and a wind gauge get in Lloyd's way. When he finally reaches the top of the building, the action reaches a crescendo and he swoops in an arc into the arms of his sweetheart. The climb is a beautiful idea on film. On the other side of the world, Japan's great director, Yasujiro Ozu was influenced by the ballsy dreamer. The students in this film have been working out how to cheat at exams. They have Harold Lloyd's confident silliness, his man-boyishness. The comedies were the brightest, most entertaining and innovative things to come out of Hollywood in the '20s. They and the extravagant romance of films like 'The Thief of Bagdad' in all its splendour, its special effects and sweep, made Hollywood a major export industry for America. But something in its very flickering, the fact that the bauble was a fantasy, made it vulnerable. This architectural dream of Baghdad isn't the real Baghdad, of course. This is the real Baghdad. To say so can shatter the bauble. Reality can break fantasy and in the '20s, several filmmakers already realised this. They wanted to show this - real life without the costumes and glitter. Nonfiction. In 1921, an Irish-American explorer, Robert Flaherty, made the longest nonfiction film so far in this story of film - 'Nanook of the North'. It's set in Alaska and has beautiful but conventional scenic shots like this. But then it focuses on one real Itivinuit man, Nanook and his family. 'Nanook of the North' was no travelogue. It stared into Nanook's face. It was about his psychology, his mythic struggle against the elements. Like Chaplin and D.W. Griffith, Flaherty was a romantic. But by using non-actors, non-stars - no Douglas Fairbanks or Garbo here... ..he made the audience look more ethically. As it happens, Flaherty staged this scene and others. But 'Nanook of the North' was a huge hit around the world. People had seen a real man, a playful father with a sense of humour, on screen. You could buy Nanook ice-cream bars. Nanook's death two years later of starvation made headlines. And so, documentary as an art form, as a viable genre, was born. Documentaries are often thought of as merely information, but in fact, nonfiction cinema is amongst the most innovative in the story of film. Forough Farrokhzad's Iranian film, 'The House Is Black', used beautiful tracking shots to turn a home for people with leprosy into a film poem. (SINGS) In this film essay, 'Sans Soleil', Chris Marker filmed real places in Japan and elsewhere then wrote a fictional commentary in which an imaginary woman quotes from made-up letters from the filmmaker. WOMAN: He wrote, "I'm just back from Hokkaido, "the northern island. "Rich and hurried Japanese take the plane. "Others take the ferry. "Waiting, immobility, snatches of sleep. "Curiously, all of that makes me think of a past or future war." Imagined words on top of nonfiction pictures. I think that's why I... I've only said so much for war when I got back... ..'cause I was in the mindframe of, well, just come back from a place where everyone wants me dead. And director Brian Hill and poet Simon Armitage interviewed this man about his war experiences then turned his words into poems and had him speak the poems to make his memories magical. Or burns to the face, you're just soft in the head. The British army is in the place for a lying bastard or basket case. In the '60s, Jorgen Leth made this short documentary, 'The Perfect Human'. In a documentary made nearly 40 years later, director Lars von Trier asked Leth to remake the original five times, each time with a startling new challenge. All these are innovative high points in the story of film and show that documentary directors from Flaherty onwards were really co-directors. The other half of the directing team was real life itself. Back in LA in the '20s, maybe it was seeing documentaries like 'Nanook of the North' that led our next filmmaker to use realism to undermine the Hollywood fantasy. A director called Erich von Stroheim took on the establishment. Here, he filmed himself square on, looming out of the dark, grinning, scarred. WOMAN: Erich von Stroheim was one of the few legitimate geniuses of the early silent days. He was a man of such vision and he was so great a poet and an artist... ..that he found nothing but trouble in Hollywood. Stroheim's drive to realism was more obsessive than Flaherty's. Here, he even shows an actress how to do a simple thing like comb her hair - a small detail in the scene. This is his gigantic fifth film, 'Greed'. The man on the right is a dentist. His wife wins the lottery. In the original prints, the money was hand-tinted yellow. As she gets obsessively greedy so her husband becomes drunken and penniless. He beats her. Stroheim showed her agony, her smallness. Eventually, the man murders his wife and in this famous climax, shot in Death Valley, also kills a rival who put him out of business. By now, the yellow - the colour of money - has flooded the whole world of the story. And as the man's handcuffed to the body, so he himself must perish. The story alone shows Stroheim's contempt for Hollywood romance, for the bauble. As did his techniques. He shot every scene of the novel by Frank Norris on which the film was based - nine months of shooting... ..sometimes, as here in baking heat, actors pushed to their limits, a budget of $1.5 million. The finished movie ran seven hours. Stroheim was the Emile Zola or Dostoevsky of cinema. Cinematographer Carl. MAN: Early in his life, he was visited by such very great humiliation, such deep, inward psychic wounds that there came in him an insane desire to use his genius as a weapon. MGM hated the results. Stroheim's ultra realism became a stigma. He didn't get to direct many more films. Here, in 1948, he returns to his home city of Vienna to direct a film, but nothing came of it. In 1950, he saw the cut version of 'Greed' and cried. He said that the film was dead. In the same year, Stroheim played the protective butler in Billy Wilder's 'Sunset Boulevard'. The musicians mustn't know what happened. In this famous scene, Wilder shows fictional movie star Norma Desmond watching one of her old movies. The clip is from a sublime, extravagant real movie from the 1920s 'Queen Kelly'. It was directed way back then by none other than the sublime, extravagant Erich von Stroheim. For complicated reasons, the movie never saw the light of day. Three years after von Stroheim's 'Greed', another MGM film tried to portray '20s America with far more realism than romantic cinema. It became the greatest pre-Wall Street crash social problem picture of its time. 'The Crowd' tells the story of an ordinary New York couple. They have a child but she dies. In this heartbreaking scene, the father thinks his dead daughter's merely sleeping and so tries to hush the street noise so that it won't disturb her slumber. 'The Crowd's director, King Vidor, met James Joyce in Paris. He adored D.W. Griffith's ideasy epic 'Intolerance'. He was that rare Hollywood beast - an intellectual. His films almost never feature villains and were written mostly by women. Vidor pushed realism and acting beyond the Hollywood norm. Here, he films the leading actress in a crowd in static shot - a lunge take. No fancy clothes or set. Just her growing despair. 'The Crowd' was the first movie to use New York extensively as a location. Vidor used hidden cameras. He cast an unknown actor, James Murray, instead of a star. To show the scale of the office where the husband worked, he designed this magnificent sequence - an overhead studio crane shot finds John among the other identical desks. Billy Wilder repeated it in 'The Apartment', a bittersweet reworking of Vidor's film. We dissolve through to Wilder's everyman, played by Jack Lemmon, at the very centre of the frame. And Orson Welles used the same visual idea in 'The Trial', exaggerating it by craning upwards and using small people and even dolls and smaller desks in the background to force the perspective. MGM was uneasy about 'The Crowd's refusal to romanticise ordinary New York life. They made Vidor shoot seven different endings in various shades of optimism. VIDOR: You see, for a studio tuned to glamour pictures and happy endings, which it was for then and many years afterwards, to have a realistic picture... ..which put the spotlight on marriage and on any kind of American life and then you can't have a happy ending on that. It just wouldn't fit. But the studio didn't know. It lost sight of how to end this picture happily. So, we made, actually, seven endings and tried it out - seven previews with the various endings and finally, I came up with the ending where he's lost again in the crowd and the camera moves back and back and back. 'The Crowd' sums up a lot about cinema of the '20s and '30s. It showed mass society emerging. It focused on the everyman as French films would do. It showed the kinetic energy of cities themselves, their rhythms and compositions. Like the German movies of Fritz Lang and Walter Ruttmann... ..and the Soviet films of Dziga Vertov. In the Soviet Union itself in the '20s, this wonderful film played with the rebellious idea of realism and cities. We're on Mars. It's all angles, diagonals, modernist costumes. This is Queen Aelita. She's shown Earth for the first time and sees a city... ..a battleship... ..then a focus pull to a balcony in Moscow. The queen has glimpsed something real - Earth - and she wants it. We'll get to the famous Soviet films of the '20s soon, but those by this director, Yakov Protazanov, are quite unlike them. Protazanov worked at the same time as the director of this film, Yevgeni Bauer. A scholar studies in his room. Handsome side lighting. The scholar's aunt arrives. Bauer uses an open door to create a slit on screen, like a Vermeer painting. Later, we're in the scholar's study. Daringly for the time, a main source light is in the shot here in the foreground. Bravely natural. Later, the scholar sees a beautiful actress on stage, then, astonishingly, gets a letter from her asking to meet. He waits for her in the snow. She arrives in the background of this shot - a daring composition filmed in natural light. And then the actress dies and the scholar begins to dream of her. Here, in a field, she walks into a beam of intense light. At the end of the film, on his deathbed, exhausted with lamenting, the scholar's aunt consoles him. Then Bauer dissolves from night-time blue to black-and-white. The ghost of the actress is in the room too and so the scholar stirs once more. His aunt can't see the actress, of course, and becomes upset. Where romantic cinema was usually optimistic, these early Russian films were laments, pessimistic in a way, about the realism of grief and loss and longing. You'd think that films like 'Nanook of the North' and 'Greed' and 'The Crowd' and those of Yevgeni Bauer would be the last word in realism in cinema of this time, but no. One profoundly serious Danish filmmaker challenged romantic and fantasy cinema with such deeply-felt realism that he was almost a one-man reformation, undercutting the emotionalism of mainstream cinema with a spiritual spareness. Look at this scene from 'The Passion of Joan of Arc'. Joan, the 15th-century French Catholic girl who was accused of witchcraft has just signed a statement denying God to save her life. The actress, Marie Falconetti, had never been in a movie before, nor would she again. She's filmed only in close-up, wears almost no make-up. You can see her freckles. Her eyelashes are matted with tears. Falconetti's hair was cropped just before this scene was shot. The filming was done in silence. Such an atmosphere on the set that even some of the electricians cried. Look at the lighting and focus. No depth to the image. Nothing in the background. No set or shadows. The walls were painted pink to remove their glare so as not to detract from Falconetti's face. The set designer, Hermann Warm, painted the shadows on 'Caligari'. The film was directed in France by a Dane, Carl Theodor Dreyer. He was brought up in a strict Protestant family. Falconetti and the others are speaking. Dreyer had them say the actual words that were spoken at the trial nearly 500 years earlier. He thought that this gave the scene conviction. The '90s maverick Lars von Trier. Dreyer is fantastic. Why he... Yeah, the same thing that he did with the decor, he also did with the scripts, you know. He started with a basic script and then he kind of reduced and reduced. I don't know what he did, but it had this monumental feeling, of course, after reducing for many years. It's like a very good soup, you know, that's been reducing for a long time. I don't know why he's great, but you know, I think that goes for everybody. Why is Tarkovsky great? It's really difficult to say, but it was, for me, just to see his films was kind of a revelation so it's really... You should be thankful that it's difficult to say why people are great because it's just something that you feel very strongly and if you don't feel it strongly, then they're not great. Dreyer was born out of wedlock, adopted and brought up a Lutheran. He lived here and went to churches like this. Though he didn't believe in God, the purity and plainness of Lutheran churches seem to have formed Dreyer's inner eye. He's the master of pared-down decor. Even in his first film, 'The President', he seems to want to simplify and purify his images in a Protestant way. Sets at the time were usually cluttered like this. Soon, he started to film on misty days or into the light to soften his imagery. His shots became paler, whiter. His haunting vampire movie, 'Vampyr', features shadows against a white wall. They have a life of their own. And in its famous ending, a vampire's accomplice dies by suffocating in white flour. Dreyer's utterly spare use of whiteness was wildly rebellious. Hollywood romantic cinema was supposed to be decorative, full of detail, not blank. No other director in the story of film cared so much about whiteness - its simplicity, its spirituality. At the end of his film 'Ordet' - 'The Word', a woman comes to life in a white, entirely undecorated room. In Dreyer's last film many years later, a woman beliefs so completely in the power of love that he films her as if through a white scrim, as if in heaven and she says this. Dreyer's seriousness was deeply unfashionable and so, in the '50s, not getting his films made, he managed this cinema. The Danish Film Institute now has a study centre dedicated to his work. It's hard not to see Dreyer's radical reduction of set and decor in Lars von Trier's completely set-less film 'Dogville'. MAN: Hey, Martha. WOMAN: Hello, Tom. Listen, I'll come... This was the opposite of romantic Hollywood cinema. A million miles away from the decorative splendour of 'The Thief of Bagdad'. Special permission from the regional director, Tom. May I repeat, we don't need the organ. We can be spiritual without singing or reading from the Bible. It's almost seven. Don't forget your bell, now. This is the original screenplay from Dreyer's film 'Joan of Arc'. He sketched an idea for an image in the film in the margin. Dreyer had purged silent cinema of its spectacle, its decoration, its action, its bauble. What was left was a girl facing her God, facing the camera. Years later, France's great maverick director, Jean-Luc Godard, had his lover and muse, Anna Karina, go to the cinema in his film 'Vivre Sa Vie'. The film she saw was 'The Passion of Joan of Arc'. Dreyer's Scandinavian spiritualism and fatalism was a universe away from this place - Hollywood. Escapist romantic movies were what most people saw in movie palaces like these. Places you'd go after a hard day's work to forget your troubles, to see what utopia might feel like. The realist directors of the '20s hardly got a look in in these places, but they'd seen something brilliant in the movies - the ability to capture reality and make it splendid and moving and this was just the start. Filmmakers in Germany, France, Russia, Japan and China would see other great things in the film strip. Their discoveries would make the 1920s the greatest decade in the story of film. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 