Rugal: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Rugal 
 s1e13 - Episode #1.13 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Rugal (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 13 - Episode #1.13 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 RUGAL ALL CHARACTERS, PLACES, ORGANIZATIONS, RELIGION AND INCIDENTS PORTRAYED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS Where is she? Tell me the truth. Where is Yeo-jin? You can't, right? Because you faked it all. Is that what you wish to believe? Then tell me that I'm wrong, you bastard! Where's Yeo-jin? All that you have believed in will start to crumble. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Even you can turn into someone like me now. Tell me where she is, or I'll rip you apart. This isn't the best place to talk, is it? Why don't we go find an open space that is nice and sunny? You psycho... I will tell you where Kim Yeo-jin is. But you'll have to get me out if you want to know where she is. You have until tomorrow morning. Do not get help from anybody. You'll do it, right? Then how can I know that she will be okay until then? I told you, I checked with my own two eyes. On my way here, I felt so bad leaving your wife all alone there. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're a valuable asset to us. We should've treated you with respect. Hey. -Take good care of her. -Yes, sir. Can we talk? Specifically about Kang Gi-beom. It'll be fun. Even all the backstories you didn't know. You'll hear it all. I told you that you'll go insane. I wanted to be the one telling you that Kim Yeo-jin is alive. That's why I ran to this police station. Do you know how excited I was while waiting for you? Tell me everything. Where are you hiding Yeo-jin? Do you still think we are different? Just answer my question, you bastard! Harder! Punch me harder! Kill me and save the world. Except for your woman. What? You can't do that? Then give up on the world, Kang Gi-beom! Get me out of here and go save your woman. Is it that difficult? What has the world even done for you? Have you already forgotten everything it put you through? Open your eyes, Kang Gi-beom. Face the truth! It does seem suspicious, but I found no evidence to prove that she's alive. I tried my best as well, but found nothing at all. Whether we find evidence or not, the problem is that Hwang Deuk-gu is destroying Gi-beom. Continuing to chase the traps that bastard set up will only lead to more confusion. Tae-woong, is there anything else we can do? How about we do some digging on the dark web? I heard those IP addresses aren't traceable. This is Bradley's idea. Even on the dark web, money is exchanged when people sell and buy stuff. Tracing bank accounts? Yes, I heard they use cryptocurrency. What about it? It means the cryptocurrency accounts are 100 percent real, because they need to receive money. Analyzing and tracing cryptocurrency exchange details may lead us to some clues. If we can raid them and catch them red-handed... Then we'll be able to find out whether Yeo-jin is alive or not. IF YOU NEED TO REPORT A CRIME, DIAL 112 Please don't hurt Gi-beom. I'm begging you. Please don't hurt him. FAIR, FRIENDLY POLICE SERVICE Find that place. Please don't hurt Gi-beom. I'm begging you. Please don't hurt him. Please. I'm begging you. Please don't hurt him. Please, I beg you. Are you all right? Hwang Deuk-gu was right. Yeo-jin is alive. -Hey. -Sir. Song Mi-na came by this morning. She couldn't even take one day off? -What about Hwang Deuk-gu? -Everything's okay, but Mi-na asked me about Gi-beom's wife. -She did? -She said she read the case file again and asked who the real culprit is. Anything else? No, that's all she said. You already know the rest. But I keep getting a weird feeling, so I thought I should tell you about it. Okay, keep me updated. YUYEON POLICE STATION Why did you want to see me? What's up? I clearly warned you that you should just get lost unless you're going to work for me. As you can see, I'm still here. Does that answer your question? That bastard was nowhere to be seen, but he's in a holding cell now. You heard, right? Yes. Hwang Deuk-gu, that asshole... He won't be able to make it through the night. -Seriously? -You should do something too. What do you want? Clean up the mess you made. What do you mean? Choi Ye-won. All right. She's been getting on my nerves anyway because she's trying to boss me around. All right, then. Let me pour you one. Cheers. Shall I go out? Or do you guys want to come in here? Fine, I'll go. -Let's get this over with. -Son of a bitch! Why do you think I'm sparing you? Clean up the mess. WOMEN'S CHANGING ROOM Gosh, you scared me. That's what Hwang Deuk-gu said? Yes. Frankly, even I can't tell what's real and what's fake. That sly bastard. Is Gi-beom okay? I'm worried about how this is going to affect him mentally. Can we proceed with the idea that Bradley came up with? Yes, give it a shot. You'll have to protect Gi-beom though. Yes, sir. Please send Mi-na and Gwang-cheol. Okay. Even if they started out on the dark web, they end up using regular networks later on as the frequency and file sizes increase because of the speed. Koreans can put up with everything but slow Internet speeds. So you're saying the regulars eventually migrate to messengers or e-mail, right? Yes. We just need to trace the information from both sides. Then catching these perverts will be a piece of cake. The blacklist is done. Now, I'll send it off to our hunters. One more. Send! -Who is it? -I'm here to pick up the empty plates. Gosh, I put them outside. Who are you? Do you have some time now? What is this about? This way, please. AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY -Go bring him, please. -Please wait inside. I heard you turned yourself in. Is it true? I won't ask you to get me out, so just leave. Do you think I came here to hear that? Are you afraid Choi Yong might kill you while I'm locked up? Why are you doing this? You won't understand even if I tell you. Are you running away from Choi Yong? Or, from me? The holding cell next to mine is empty. Stick around if you're curious. This is about Argos' fate. I don't have time for jokes. I understand that's everything to you, but my situation is different. What is it that you want? I'm waiting for the clueless fool to finally open his eyes and come back to my arms. Whatever the reason is, it looks like you'll be locked up here for a while. You think so? But you see, life is an unpredictable beast. I haven't heard from Mi-na and Gwang-cheol. -Tae-woong, can I-- -Gi-beom. What? This is awkward. You may go do your own thing now. This is the last time I'm letting you do this. Okay. Get going. There's nothing. I thought we'd find some evidence at least. Let's hand them over to the police and get moving. -Where's Gi-beom? -He left. Are we doing the right thing? If my sister were alive, I'd have gone to save her at all costs. I'm not sure if this is the right thing, but I know that this is the only way we can help Gi-beom. Shouldn't we also go and talk to Hwang Deuk-gu? No, absolutely not. Especially you two. I will take sole responsibility for all misconduct. -Tae-woong. -This is an order. Then what do we do now? I'll follow Gi-beom. You two can prepare for the next move. Let's go. I'm sorry, guys. This is the only solution I can think of now. Who's the one going in the other direction? It's Gi-beom. Sir, what time are they transferring Hwang Deuk-gu? Get the vehicle's location. -Put Gi-beom on. -Yes, sir. I can't connect to him now. -Yes, sir. -Kang Gi-beom is on his way there now. Pardon? I bet he's after Hwang Deuk-gu. No way. Make sure he doesn't get into a scuffle with the police. Yes, sir. Hit the gas. Bravo! I'll fix everything. Everything that is about to happen from this moment on. Pull over. Stop! You piece of... Hey, what's your problem? Shut off all the cameras. We must pull out now. Then we won't be able to monitor what's going on. This cannot get leaked. Never. But what about the cops who are already at the scene? I'll take care of that. Just leave. This is considered obstruction of justice. I'll pay for it. Later, not now. Where is Yeo-jin? I turned myself in, expecting to rot in jail for about 20 years. Shall I go to jail or not? You should have done things my way if you wanted to get what you want. Good job, Kang Gi-beom. I did what you asked, so tell me where she is. Tell me, you bastard. The smell of freedom! Kang Gi-beom, you're no longer the man you were now. We'll take our time now that we're in the same boat. The van was nauseating. Hwang Deuk-gu. Hwang Deuk-gu! Would I leave you behind when I'm just getting started? Tail us. 58B5986 I have no choice but to only move forward with this. They never appreciate what easily falls in their laps. Anyway, you'll be thanking me soon. You'll risk your lives to hold me off for just a few minutes? Let's get this over with. You have no right blocking the roads like this. You're done going rogue. Starting now, you'll follow my orders. Get him. Got it. Hello. The boys found this at the scene. All right. Now, how about that reunion? 58B5986 BUILDING 3 Yeo-jin! Gi-beom? Gi-beom... Are you hurt or injured in any way? No. You've lost so much weight. I look nothing like myself, do I? No, you're the same. You haven't changed at all. Let's take this off though. Gi-beom, I-- You don't need to say anything. I know I took too long. It'll be all right now. RESTRICTED NUMBER Sorry to kill the mood, but you should back up a little. Our deal is over. Oh, dear. Says who? What the hell do you want? Back off if you want to save her. I'm up against a man who can dodge bullets, so of course I came prepared. I wonder if that can be said for your wife as well. Why are you suddenly doing this? Nothing I do is random or unplanned. From the moment I turned myself in to the cops, I have been waiting for this moment. -You son of a-- -That's enough. Stop right there. Step any closer and bullets will fly into her pretty little face. Get out here. Talk to me face to face. You won't get your way here. There's nowhere to run and no one's here to help you. Mi-na, there's another one in the adjacent building. Why don't we start with Kang Gi-beom's right leg? How about I tell your husband how you've been living your life? -What's wrong? -No. What? You knew everything. When Kang Gi-beom was being accused of murder, you kept quiet and said nothing. No... What's wrong? I wonder how he'll react when he finds out. Never. I can't let you lose everything all over again. What are you talking about? To prevent all of that, there's only one thing you can do. I'm sorry, Gi-beom. Yeo-jin, please calm down. If only we hadn't met again. If only... I had not survived the attack. How could you even say that? Do you have any idea how glad I am that you're alive? I don't need anything anymore, so just come with me. I'm sorry, Gi-beom. I love you. Yeo-jin. Yeo-jin... Yeo-jin. Yeo-jin. Yeo-jin... Hold on. Were you waiting for me? How are you here? I opened my eyes to find myself uncuffed. It seemed like I got lucky, so I came home. Who got you out of jail? Someone must have helped you. The one who came back into my arms opened the door of the police van and uncuffed me. Well, get back in there. It can be a holding cell or actual prison for all I care. That's kind of mean of you. Escaping police custody in broad daylight? Because of you, Argos and I... Don't you realize how bad this is for us? The Choi Ye-won I know is a skilled negotiator. Are you not? Then at least give me the name of your accomplice. Wait a second. What was his name? Kang... Kang? Kang Gi-beom... Kang Gi-beom? Anyway, don't wake me up for anything. I want to have a good sleep tonight. How dare you drag us into this when all you care about is your pride? What do you think you're doing, Ye-won? I'm done letting you do whatever you please. Isn't she... She's Kim Yeo-jin. She's dead. Please take care of her so that Gi-beom won't be shocked when he sees her. Okay. Bradley, something's seriously wrong with Gi-beom's eyes as well. The oil in his eyes burst. It's nothing serious, right? Stress usually increases pressure in the eyes. But for the oil to seep out like this... I truly hope it didn't flow into his brain. Fix him at all costs. I will. What were you guys doing when Gi-beom was chasing the vehicle? We were focused on our task, so we weren't aware of it. What? So what about Kim Yeo-jin? Did you find her or not? Sir. Shouldn't you be asking whether she was alive to begin with? Sir. I allowed him to go, sir. -Why? -I believed he could control himself. And he did. How could you say that when he's lying over there? Sir, is there something we don't know regarding Kim Yeo-jin? Sir, we're perplexed here. Please tell us everything, sir. I'm certain Argos will target Gi-beom next. Then we should protect him. It'll only be a matter of time until they get to him. We should still buy some time-- His colleagues died. He searched far and near. In addition, he assaulted Ko Yong-deok. Argos will never give up. They will kill him, his family, and his friends. Are you going to just sit and watch? Do you want to save him? Yes. Ms. Kim. Detective Yang, what brings you here at this hour? Is Gi-beom home? He's on his way. This is great. I bought extra. Come inside. Let's have dinner together. Okay. We need to kill them first. Sorry? Argos will be baffled to see them dead. We'll attack them and leave no one alive. We can't spare anyone. Does that mean we can save both Gi-beom and his wife? This is the only way to save them. This will place her in suspended animation. If you take too long, she will die. You need to be thorough and quick. If you so much as hesitate, this plan will fall through. Yes, sir. What are you planning to do afterward? I trust you, but what if they suspect me as the criminal? -Perhaps, it's best to tell Gi-beom-- -No. NAME: LEE EUN-JEONG AGE: 32 What happened? What happened to me? What about my husband? It's a long story. But this was the only way to save both of you. What does he mean? INCUMBENT POLICE OFFICER KANG GI-BEOM MURDERER WHO KILLED HIS WIFE Gi-beom is a murderer? He didn't stab me-- I know. You must be baffled. But you must accept things as they are for now. I need to see him. Please bring him here. Not right now. It'll only exacerbate the situation. He won't have me by his side! That's even worse! Let me go! Let go! Let go! I said, let go! I will save him! I give you my word. After some time, you will understand everything. Gi-beom... I heard Kang Gi-beom died while trying to break out of prison. If he was in his right mind, he wouldn't have killed his wife or gouged out his eyes. I'm glad he died. He probably wouldn't have made it. It gives me chills that he was a police officer. I know. They need to take strict measures when hiring police officers. The mentally ill should be exempted. Choi Geun-cheol. "Choi Geun-cheol"? It's about time you stepped down from the stage he fabricated. Cut the nonsense. Do you still think I'm the one who killed your wife? Who else could it be? I told you. It was all fabricated. He fabricated her death, acted like he cared for you, and pretended to be a victim. Don't you get it? He did it. I'm Chief Choi Geun-cheol from the National Police Agency. I was the one who decided not to prove your innocence. Argos will continue to track you down until the end. Here's a gift. You're free now. Why did you ruin my life without my consent? I wanted to give you a new pair of eyes in exchange for working for me. Simply put, you'll become a human weapon. I have full control over you. That includes all the information you have as well as your thoughts. This imbalance is the root of all that's unjust. If it reaps fruit, a balance is soon to follow. Let's put this high-tech individual to good use. Trust the information provided by your eyes and your own judgment. Sir, you were the one who was concerned about the dangers Gi-beom's eyes could pose. Let's find out how dangerous they are. This is your opportunity to bring me good results. Argos. Is there another reason other than that? You've been listening to me well up until now. So why are you suddenly doubting me? You're a crazy bastard. I shouldn't have told you that information so easily. I'll give you back what's yours. Take your time and give it some thought. Gi-beom, what did he say about Chief Choi? It's nothing. Let's go. No. Never. I can't let you lose everything all over again. I'm sorry, Gi-beom. If only we hadn't met again. If only... I had not survived the attack. I love you. You still need to rest. Where's Yeo-jin? Where is she? Gi-beom, you should rest a bit more. Gi-beom. Gi-beom, you can see her later. That's how she vanished. I had concealed her identity, and it backfired on me. I wasn't able to track her. You killed her to save her. But she ran away from you? There was nothing you could do? That means Gi-beom knew nothing when he was falsely charged and went to prison. Are you sure that you did all of that for me? Of course. When I had helped you escape from prison, she had been under my protection. Then why did you never tell me that she was alive? If everything went as planned, we wouldn't be having this conversation. I had no idea whether she was alive or dead or what she had to go through. And yet, I was calling myself a hero and obeying your orders. Why didn't you tell me? Despite having my own family member to save, I was fighting for Rugal and saving people. The past doesn't matter. You're a part of Rugal now. Don't forget your duties. Don't tell me that you were the one who gouged out my eyes. What are you blabbering about? Did you stab her and gouge out my eyes so that I'd join your team? Answer me! Put your gun down. Put it down. This isn't right. What kind of human does that? Why did you do this to me? This is an order. Put it down! Why did you do that to her? That's enough. -Move aside. -You can blame him for his mistakes. But you can't blame him for not being perfect. He did the best he could. Do not look down on his sincerity. I don't understand that "sincerity" either. White lies can't be considered a sincerity. The one I need to take my revenge on is you, Choi Geun-cheol. Subtitle translation by Soo-ji Kim I'm done caring for anything anymore and that includes Rugal. Let's go back together. Nothing you say now will change our situation. Is he really going to kill them all? Kang Gi-beom is obedient to me these days. Do you know why? It's because he's discovered the truth. Find Choi Geun-cheol. We'll also end up used and abandoned too. But I cannot allow insubordination. Come back to us. I won't let you have your way. Ripped and synced by TTEOKBOKKIsubs Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 