Below Deck Mediterranean: Season 2, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Below Deck Mediterranean 
 s2e14 - Con-Text Is Everything - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Below Deck Mediterranean (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 14 - Con-Text Is Everything - full transcript 
 Bobby finally finds romance, but tensions build between him and the primary guest. Hannah and Bugsy air their grievances and Lauren must choose which side she's on. Hannah and Bugsy air ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously this season on - Previously this season on "Below Deck Mediterranean"... - Everything about this place is just gorgeous. - Three, two, one! - I'm actually back to do this again. - I'm not a micromanager, but I do observe. I don't want stuff all over the salon tomorrow when I wake up. Fold those towels up and give me that trash can. - We could get so much more done if we all put in the same amount of work. - Hannah has been absolutely lazy all season. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I don't feel like you're pulling your weight. - Okay. - How are you? - Nice to see you. - This season, I'm here to work. And if I find love, that's a bonus. You f---in' throw me under the bus. You did it with Lauren when we were in New York. - Can we just like leave what happened in New York in New York? - You guys are f---in' playing games. Thanks for your support, Lauren. Why don't you go f--- Ben? - Jerry is a repeat charter client. - I'm taking the crew out tonight, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and we'd love to have a few of your crew members join us. - I matched on Tinder with the charter guest. - Wow. - She's a weapon. - Wow, it's really good. - Thank you. - Thank you so much, guys. I really hope you enjoyed it. - This guy is good. - Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. - I am spending more time with Adam and spending a little more time with Wes. - I'm pretty sure Wes is moving in on Malia, and I'm not too happy about it. - Are you getting all f---ing tense? - Oh, whoa! - No, no, no, no, no. - Yeah. - I'm gonna drown in the next f---ing soup I serve out of f---ing boredom. I gave you a hard time about the food that you were sending out. - Got onions all in it. - I've never wanted anything more than I wanted Malia. She was distracting. - I'm starting to understand a little bit more how this girl has affected Adam. I know that she was texting you while she was making out with Wes on the bridge. - I can't let her get away with all that. At least I can say my piece, and I can sleep better at night knowing I tried to put an end to someone's charade. That girl is a f---ing liar. The texts go on and on and on. [horn blares] [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - Hey, man. It's been on my mind. I mean I'm sure you've noticed, dude, I've been pretty blue, basically ever since our little scuffle in Dubrovnik. I honestly don't care what's gonna happen between the two of you. But you need to know that the girl is a f---ing liar. And I've got plenty of proof. - All right. - Yeah, it's just been weighing on my shoulders, honestly. 'Cause I like you, man. We hit it off in the beginning, and this thing, for lack of a better term, got in the way. And she's a heartbreaker. The night that you two did the wheelhouse thing, I did some cross-referencing. Dude, she was minutes--I mean read that. 3:45 a.m. that watch. Talking about going back to her hotel room. I mean the texts go on and on and on. I don't want to see anything happen to you the way it happened to me. - Just stay away from that one. - All right, buddy. - Thanks dude, appreciate it. Because I feel like I know who she is, but then there's this other side I don't know. I've been burned in the past, so I have to protect myself. - Hey, really, I'm sorry about everything, man. And I hope you make the right call. [knock at door] - Room service. Hi. - Oh, nice. Thank you. That looks-- - Schmick? - Yes. - Schmick shirt for a schmick man. - Good job, thank you. - Pleasure. To have a second stew come up and give me a lecture about my work ethic, it's very insulting to me. - I feel you've been a lousy chief stew. - Okay. If you want me to show you what hard working chief stew is, let's go, honey. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - I'm slowly getting drunk. - I can tell. - Nothing like starting the last day of charter by waking up at 4:00 a.m. - You'll be fine. - Do you need me to arrange transport to the airport for you? - Yeah? - It's been fun. - It's been an absolute treat. - I feel completely in the middle of all of this. Hannah is my friend, she's my chief stew. Bugsy's also my friend, and they hate each other's living guts. - Turn downs of the season are done. - [laughs] ♪ ♪ - Adam? - Yep? - Just to confirm with you, entrée four, two starter knives, main entrée knife-- - Yeah, and then crockery, we're gonna need those little square rammies. With everything that's happened these past few days, I just want this dinner finished. Done, get the f--- out of my way. - So we're aiming for 8:30. Is that okay with you? - Yeah, that's fine. Get her over with. - Hey, Hannah? - Yes? - Can we arrange for somebody to give Paula a ride to a store where she can buy some shoes? - Yeah, of course. Deck crew, deck crew. Hannah. - Go ahead, Hannah. - Do one of you guys mind escorting three of the girls to a shoe shop just up the road? - Yeah, yeah. Bobby'll do it. - There's perks to shopping with girls. They try stuff on, they show it to you, they're modeling for you. It's hot. - Hannah? - Yes? - You're a better chief stew this year. - Yeah? - You're more friendly. You're more lovable. You're just--you're awesome. - Yeah, ah that's good. - Yeah. - Are we ready to go? - Hey, make this an in and out shopping experience. - All right. - All right, here we go. - Ladies, over here. - All right, I'll see you guys in a little bit. - Bobby, you could've done your hair. - So it's 8:10. What do you think? Like in an hour? - He's very, very adamant about having dinner at 8:30. - He's gonna sit down and have a dinner by himself? - Aya! Aya! - Look at this, I'm like--I can't really complain about this right now. - They probably went to get running shoes. - Oh my God. - [laughs] - Hey, we're gonna use the restroom really quick. We'll catch up with you. - Do they know where we're going? - Yeah, yeah, yeah. They do. - Yeah. - I can't wrangle six people. I'm responsible for you guys. - I thought you were security, not a babysitter. - Want me to carry your purse for you? - Really? - Oh yeah. That's how I do it. That's why I'm here. - You can't let them go do anything. It's like herding cats. - Bobby, Bobby. Hannah. - I'm gonna walk around. - Uh-oh. Okay, now we're doing a super split here. You guys are a handful. - I am. Are you? - Yeah. - I like it all. - This is getting ridiculous. - You can't live with 'em, you can't live with 'em. - What's for dinner anyways, because we are starving, Hannah? - I know, I'm sorry. I'm just waiting for them to-- - That's okay. - What's your E.T.A., Bobby? This is basically a lesson on how not to treat charter guests. Match on Tinder, not return at the time I've told you, and have the primary charter guest waiting to have his dinner served. Good work, Bobby. - I'm tired of waiting for these girls. - Two guests approaching the boat now. - Hey, welcome back. - Oh, get over here. Where are the rest of the girls, are they coming, or-- - We lost them, so we don't know. - We've got two coming on now. - All right, so as soon as they get here, start serving. - So I think we're gonna start service without the other two guests. - Did you get some shoes? - All right. - You're such a cutie, it's killing me. And you're leaving tomorrow. What the hell? - We're waiting for dinner, Paula. - Are you getting ready for dinner, or just gonna sit down? - I'm gonna sit down. - Thank you. - You're welcome. There you go. - Where are the rest of the girls? - We got separated. - Who was responsible for them? - Bobby. - Why did Bobby leave two girls behind? ♪ ♪ - Ooh, that man is pissed off. - Perfect. I love serving pissed off guests. - Yeah, sure. - Thank you. - Make sure one of these three goes to Jerry please. - Yeah, of course. - Wow. - For your first course, you have a shrimp cocktail. - The sauce. - If you had to pick between the chef or Bobby, who would you pick? - Well of course, Bobby. - Why Bobby? - I don't know. Why are you asking me these questions? - What do you like about Bobby? Bobby's not doing too good in my book right now. - Wow. - Jerry might say he's the only one that counts. - I like you, Hannah. [laughter] - Okay, copy. Thanks. - Gonna hand you a knife. - This might be the cutest thing I've ever seen. - I'm gonna stab Bobby with that little one in the eye. Hello! Dinner's ready. - Oh, hello everyone. - How do you pronounce this? [speaking foreign language] - Don't worry about that. Just say it's a potato croquette. - Goat cheese potato croquette. - Goat cheese. - Okay. - Thank you. - Yeah. - There you go. So this course is a goat's cheese stuffed croquette on a bed of mesclun leaves. Enjoy. - Hannah. - Yes? - Can you have the captain come talk to me, please? - Okay. [knock at door] - Sorry. Our guest is--I think he's really unhappy about something. - No commenting when I talk to the captain. - Captain. - How's your dinner? - Coming up... - You two need to work out your own problems. Why would you drag me into it? - What do you mean "work out my problems" when I wasn't even present? - Don't take the second stew job if you want to be chief stew. - This - And later... - You deserved better. - You can't have a relationship built with no trust. - Yep. - F--- off. ♪ ♪ - Captain. - How's your dinner? - I'm sorry to wake you up. - Oh, no. It's okay. - So, I'm a little disappointed with Bobby. - Really? - He lost those two and then he left these two behind, and I was okay with the Tinder thing, but then he took Paula out on a little Jet Ski ride today. - Okay, all right. - He's been maybe taking my role. I want Bobby on anchor watch tonight. - He'll be on passerelle watch. - I'm not going. - You're not going if Bobby doesn't go? - Yeah, you're being unfair. - All right, well Bobby's staying in the boat. So you can sit in the boat with Bobby, if you want. Thank you. - You're welcome. Where's Bobby? [men shouting and gagging] - No! Ew! - What is going on? Seriously. - She sprayed us with Poo-Pourri. - Why are you pissing Jerry off? - I can't tell five--six grown women to stay-- - You left--you left two behind? - No, they scattered. - He feels like that you're taking his role. All right, you're on passerelle watch. - Okay, you got it. - Pain in the ass or not, they're still our guest, and we have to do our very best. You should go take a nap now. - Oh, I'm not going to sleep now. - Kay, sauce and go. - Thank you. Oh, this looks so good. This is rib eye with asparagus tips and sautéed spinach. ♪ ♪ - What time would you like to head out? - How about like in 15 minutes? - Okay, I'm going to go and rally the troops, 'cause we're leaving in 15 minutes. - Yeah, yeah. I'm left to stay back and clean all the glasses and plates, which is really fun. Not really. - Thank you. - Enjoy. - [laughs] Thanks. [incoming text message sound] - Paula, are you going to bed? - Yes, good night. - All right, good night Paula. Decision made. - Did you buy that here? That jacket? - Yeah. ♪ ♪ - Let's have some fun tonight. All: Cheers! - It's all right. - Hey, bud. Let's have a chat real quick. - All right. - I just want you to understand. I'm cool with you having fun and being a cool guy, but I mean you don't know if Dean or I are, you know interested in Paula, or interest--you know, want to date her. And so to me, it crossed the line a little bit. And I just want you to know that I'm a little disappointed, but I still love you. - All right. - And I want you to come out with us, so go change. - Oh gosh. [laughs] - Go change. - All right. - And you're leaving your phone here. - All right. - And don't--Hey. Don't you be texting Paula right now. - You got it. - All right. - He's separating Paula and I. If you like her, then why wouldn't you just have her with you and leave me back on the boat? - I'm not gonna let her and Bobby stay on the boat together if we're all out. - Yeah, understandable for sure. - So I'm just gonna bring him with me. - Okay, perfect. - Motherf---er just called me out for something that was his f---in' idea. - Bobby is pissed. - I don't blame Bobby for being pissed off, but he has to go. - I didn't know she was on Tinder. - I'm sorry, but I f---in' matched with this chick on a dating site before she got on this f---in' yacht. I didn't know who the f--- she was. - You need to--you need to chill out. I feel bad for Bobby, but you know what? The line is crossed, and Bobby should know better. Especially after what was going on between Hannah and Jason. - I don't want to make things awkward for my crew members, so I just gotta be fake to this dude and just get this night over with as fast as I can. - Bobs, keep a strong face. Just messes everything up. ♪ ♪ - I guess we're going to that bar up there? Come on in, girls. You guys know what you want? - Hey, that tequila, there. - Cheers, Jerry. - Cheers, Hannah. - Hey-o! - Bobby! - Yay! - All right! This guy got me here. Thanks, brother. I'm sorry about everything. - We all make mistakes. That girl will make any guy weak. One rose for each girl, you keep that. - Thank you. - No, no, no. Him, him, him. - Thanks. Thank you. - All right, guys. Let's roll. - Come on. Join in. - So let me show you the best way to get into a club. - You don't need to do that, I already looked after it. - Nice. [dance music] - Being out with Jerry's crew, it's a lot of work, but despite what Bugs thinks, I am actually one of the best chief stews in the industry, and this last charter, I'm gonna prove it. So in this club... - You all right, man? - Knowing about these text messages, it does hurt. It sucks to know that that was going on. ♪ ♪ - Come on, Bobby! ♪ ♪ - Whoo-hoo! - Oh. ♪ ♪ - The cage dance was like pure "Magic Mike" action, like I'm sure Bobby's dreams are coming true right now. - Bobby! - Oh, my god. - Let's get moving. [laughter] - All right, we made it. - Okay, I'm going to my room to get my swim suit on. - Okay. - Hot tub. - You're coming in the hot tub, right? - I--maybe. - Bobby! - Yeah? - You bring those girls in the hot tub or no tip. - You got it. [laughter] [whimsical music] - They're off to bed. Jerry is beyond wasted. - There's Jerry. [laughs] - Oh, f---. Is he asleep? 'Cause he's not moving. - Go, go, go, go. - He's asleep. - What about if his mouth goes under? We're gonna have to savegonna have to save him. - Oh my God. - So if there's one thing I've learned in the yachting industry, people that drown in hot tubs don't leave good tips. Come on, Jerry. Mate, you're gonna have to get out. - I'm coming down. [water splashing] Mm, hmm. - I gotta put all these f---ing clothes on. - Good night. Have a good watch. - Do you know if the car is here, Wes? - Yeah, car's here. - It is. Okay, cool. - Hey, how you doing? Good morning. - Tonight was a disaster. I'm sorry. - You don't have to be. - Good night. [light music] ♪ ♪ - Good morning. - Let's kill this last day. - It's like three more hours. - I can't wait. - How was it last night? Did he let up on you, or... - More or less. - Well, the good news is, today is the last day. - It's over! - Wakey, wakey. We gotta get packed. - Oh my goodness. - All crew, all crew. Let's line up in the main salon. - Ugh, last time we have to wear our epaulets. - All right, let's roll, people. Let's get off this boat. - Thanks so much for coming. - Thanks so much for coming. - Of course. - Appreciate it. Travel safe home. - Hope to see you guys again. - Jerry, good seeing you again, brother, take care. Have a safe flight. - Bye, Jerry. - I'm gonna miss you. - Take care of yourself. - Have a great trip back. - Thank you. Appreciate it. - Thank you. - Captain, it's been a pleasure. And I want to show my appreciation with this envelope. Sometimes the actions of one have consequences for the many. - Coming up... - I knew Adam from before. - Oh really? Anything happen then? ♪ ♪ - Captain, sometimes the actions of one have consequences for the many. That's not how I roll. I'm taking good care of you. - Thank you. - Little something for you. - And keeping with tradition, I've got a nice little MVP tip for somebody here. We're gonna call this the MVP tip. Daniel-san, get over here. You are the boat's MVP this trip, my man. - Oh, man. - Hopefully this season, I'll be Hannah's favorite charter, because you win the MVP tip, honey. - Thank you. [cheers and applause] - With that, we're off, so, thanks guys, bye. - Bye, Jerry. - Whoo! - I'm gonna split that tip, so-- - You don't have to do that, darling. - No, I know don't have to, but we all worked, so-- - Here you go, Malia. - Thanks, Hannah. - Oh thank you so much. - Like my mom told me, keep your friends close, and your enemies closer. - All crew, all crew. Let's meet in the main salon for our final tip meeting. So here's our last and final tip. And that amount is $20,000 tip - Nice. - And then Hannah's sharing her-- That's a total of $24,500. - What? [laughter] - $24,000 per person? - $2,200 a person. - Yay. - The best tip of our season. - Yeah. - Whoo! - Thanks, Sandy. - I am so glad we got the highest tip of the season, and I'm just glad it's over. - We're gonna flip the boat. Oh yeah, and I'm gonna take you all to dinner. - Whoo! - All right, Cap, all right. - We can go now. We can get out of these clothes. - Yes! Forever. - Yeah, well I don't know about forever, but for this boat. - I couldn't have done it without you. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - [sighs] I'm so happy this season is over. Getting that MVP tip was such a big like f--- you f---. - What's up, girl? - How was that praise? Excellent chief stew? - My priority is the guests. Priority ain't f---ing being friends with you, sweetheart. - What does that stand for again? - Most Venomous Personality. [laughs] - One more little time getting ready in the mirror. ♪ ♪ - Oh, Cap. Looking lovely. - Food and booze. - It's pretty cool up here. - Wow! Look at this place. This is amazing. - Adam's in his element. He's like, "Oh, yeah." - This is real cooking, people. - Selfie time. - Yeah, that sounds awesome. - Grappa? - Oh, this is strong. - And goodbye to the night. - Yay! - Oh. All: Cheers! - I want to make a toast. - I want my drink. - With every challenge that we faced, we came through shining. And cheers to you. - Cheers. - Cheers. ♪ ♪ - Bread looks amazing. - That's what I'm talking about. - I'm going for it. Sorry, guys. - It's really good. - Free range. - Hey, listen, everyone. I want you to go out and have fun, because you deserve it. Then don't wake me up. - If someone said to me, you know you can work with Captain Sandy again, I'd jump at the opportunity. She's easy-going, she's funny, and she's so laid-back. I mean, if she was any more laid-back, she'd fall over. - Good night. - We'll miss you. - Make it back, take care. - Well. - Go get a drink. - It's green! - Now, in Croatia, we say, "Zivjeli." - Zivjeli! - Zivjeli to Croatia! - Whoo! - Cheers. - It's pretty. - [shudders] - There it is. Whoo. Ugh. - Do you want to have a chat? - Yeah, sure. - So I guess I just wanted to kind of touch base after your confrontation on the bridge the other day. I guess I just found it interesting that you said that I wasn't pulling my weight as a chief stew, when I've had like zero guest complaints. - This is how I feel. - You think you and Lauren worked harder than me this season? - Yeah. - I like the gold. Can always count on Bugs. Ladies, I got risottos ready to roll, get in here please? - Do you mind just quickly just clearing the crew mess? Can you go and unpack the starboard board cabin for me? I'm kind of wondering why Bugs thinks that she would be a better chief stew than me. It's more than putting knives and forks down. If you've been feeling this for that long and you told me two days ago-- - No, it's a build-up. It's a build-up of stuff. - So you're pulling sh-- out of the air. - It's me pulling sh-- out the air when the entire crew feels the exact same way. They've witnessed it. - Well, like with the iPad, you kind of left it a bit late. - Okay. Thank you very much. - Wow, it's Ching-Ching. - Wes, can I talk to you? She came to confront me about her confronting her about chief stew, and I said, "Yeah, you're a lousy chief stew." I've had four girls beneath me at provision. I've done cabins. I've done that. Are you cooked? - Yeah. - You wanna smoke? - No, that is crazy. - Look, let's go have a smoke for a minute. - You know exactly. - Apparently you've been talking so much sh-- about me according to Bugs. - Bugs said that? - Yeah. Like, "Oh, you think you have a good relationship with Lauren? You should hear all the sh-- she talks about you." - Really? - Hmm. I'm like-- - She's been trying to brainwash me to be against you. - Do you want to go inside? - I was just touching base with Lauren about all the sh-- she's been talking about me. - You know what you've been saying. - Tell me. - You've been saying that Hannah's not been pulling her weight, She doesn't help with us when we're doing cabins, and this and that. - I'm on service. - And she could be doing a lot more, and she makes you clean the bar when you're doing something. - At the end of the day, haven't said anything. It's kind of annoying that like, we do a majority of her work. - Oh, you're only noticing this now? - We could get so much more done if we all put in the same amount of work. That I value her friendship over whatever she does as my chief stew. - Then that's fine. - Let's be honest, the only person I'm going to talk to after this charter is Hannah. - End of the day, I'm not gonna lie about something that I've heard. - I'm just saying like don't drag me into whatever issues you two have. - I'm not dragging you into anything. - Like, you two need to work out your own problems. Why would you drag me into it when I wasn't even present. - What do you mean "work out my problems"? - Don't take a second stew job if you want to be chief stew. - I'm walking away from this conversation, because this is childish as sh--. - I just don't like seeing my good friend like this. - You know what I haven't done in a long time is a good old like flip cup or beer pong. - In the main salon. - Hey, Malia. Want to go for a walk? - Yeah. - So how you feeling now that this whole season's over? - How you feeling? - I'm exhausted. You know, Adam came to me, to warm me about the person you are kind of thing. And he actually went straight back that to anchor watch. That night he went all the way back to the time post, and just, like, went into details about how like you guys are planning to meet up afterwards. But that was the first time I really understood by reading those messages that you guys actually did have something together. - Yeah, I think, kinda. - Yeah. - The truth is, I knew Adam from before. - Yeah. Kinda. - Oh really? ♪ ♪ - You know, like, I knew Adam from before. And I think that's why he's a little upset. - STCW. Adam and I met at our yacht certification courses three weeks before we joined the yacht. We decided it would be best to just keep it a secret from the crew. - Oh, really. And anything happen then? - No. - We met at the STCW, and we fooled around-- - Wow. - And we tried to keep it hush hush. - He's a completely different person than what I thought. Like his spitefulness, and then his drunkenness. He's not the kind of guy I would be with. - Yeah. - I've enjoyed getting to know you. And yeah. - Yeah? - Yeah. Are you? - Yes. - Oh goodness. - Will I see you after this? - There's definitely a chance. Get out of heres. On your marks, get set, go. Thank you. ♪ ♪ - One more day. - Oh my God, they're like a married couple. - You're a gentleman. - Me? - Yeah, a little bit. - Really? Really? A little bit? - My brothers tell me one thing: be with a boy that knows how to treat women, you know? - Chivalry is not dead. - You're not my boss anymore. - This is true. - That's going there. - You came back. I got my tomato soup rocking. - Look good, feel good, eat good. - Who the f--- gets tuna pizza? - [groans] - Adam, come have a drink with me. It's just me, myself, and a bottle of champagne. What am I gonna do? - Finish it. - I mean, they're gonna give me sh-- either way. - Yeah, they're gonna totally give you sh--. - I really like Wes, but I was watching him here, and I'm like "This makes me want to throw up." - There's a lot of action happening on the main deck aft. - Oh yeah. It's our two faves. - It's particularly difficult, and we kept it under wraps-- but you know we met before we even got here, in our STCW. - You did your STCW together? - Uh-huh. - Oh, yep. Now we got it. - They'd hooked up before they joined the boat. Then she basically hooks up with him again, then starts cheating on him with his roommate. I'm kind of understanding why this guy got so f---ed up in the head now. He probably joined the boat thinking this was the time that him and Malia were gonna get together, cement their relationship, and instead she's playing tonsil hockey in the bridge with her boss. - There was an instant connection there. - You know what? The Adam that I met and knew before this, he's not the same person. Knowing you for four days, says "I love you." - He said he loves you? - Yeah, after four days. - How can you say that about someone when you've just met them? I think there's definitely a history there with Adam and Malia, and I think there is more to the story. There's always a little doubt in the back of your mind. Like, what really did happen? - And then as soon as I had feelings for Wes, it was like... - Next level. - I feel like an idiot. Sh--, you know, I'm smarter than that. I'm older than that, and I've got better judgment than that. - She fooled everyone. - Now she's about to f---in' make Wes cry. - Like I thought I liked him-- - Oh, there's a hug. - It's so warm in here. - Good night, girls. - Good night. Sleep well. - Why is it always a nice day f---in' day we go? - Hey. - Hola. - Can I talk to you for a sec? - I'd rather not. - All right, well you're going to hear what I have to say. - Kay. - In the beginning, Adam, I liked you. You were this cool surfer dude, and as the weeks went by and I got to know the real Adam, my feelings changed. - Clearly. - Was it wrong for me to keep texting you and leading you astray? Yeah, it was. I was intimidated to call you out, and tell you I lost feelings for you. The way you've treated me and like your blatant mean side to you is something I don't respect. - So you're making a good decision. - Yeah. - And my biggest regret is not telling you earlier, because then Wes and I could've just been fine. - Yeah, well it sounds like you guys will be great. Her coming to me on the last day to just lash out on me, it just sort of proves to me she was in the wrong. And she knows it, and this is just her last ditch attempt to make herself feel better. I have zero respect for you, and that explains everything. - It's a mutual feeling. - Well, there you go. Wasn't meant to be. - F--- off. - Coming up... - Malia and I had a physical relationship. - He pulled me aside again this morning to have another conversation. - What'd he say? - Talking about your past, and that you guys were physical before and everything. - What? [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - Compact! Holy cow, feel the density of this. - Oh my God. - You leavin'? - We're out, boy. - All right, brother. - We done the sentence. Honest to God, this group are like my family, and now the fact that everyone's going their separate ways is heartbreaking. Love ya. - Bye, Max! - Take care of yourself. - See you guys. It's been emotional. - Hey, give me one more hug. I'll see you again soon, man. This season wasn't easy for me. I felt like an outcast, and if it wasn't for Max, I probably would've left the boat. - Thank you, nice to meet you. - You too. - I'm gonna head home, assess my sort of situation, just see where I end up. But honestly, all I'm thinking about is getting home to my chick. And I'm never gonna forget my bromance with Bobs. [bones crack] [bottle smacks, thuds] - [snorts] - Hannah banana. - [laughs] - Mwah. - I love you. Thank you for guiding me this season and being my friend. I couldn't have done it without you. - Thank you for working so hard, sweetheart. - I'm gonna cry. I learned that although I am a people pleaser, it's literally impossible to please everyone. - Bittersweet, isn't it? - I know. I wish I could take my own advice. Bye, Bobby. - Bye. - It was interesting. - Yeah. - I don't remember verbatim what she said to me. - Thanks for your support, Lauren. Why don't you go f--- Ben? - Oh my God. - Yeah, I'm sure I'll see you around. Bye, "Sirocco." - How's packing going? - Nearly there, bro, I think. Except for the stuff that's in the washing machine. I have to wait for that to do it. - Wes, before we go, man-- - Yeah. - I just gotta say one last thing. - Yeah. - On an honest level-- - Go for it. - Malia and I had a physical relationship before this started. We hooked up before this, before the boat. - Yeah. - You know, it just explains why it gets to my heart. It gets to my mind. - Yeah. - It explains why we had the situation we did once she showed an interest in you. - I knew obviously that there was something between you guys, we just started to like each other, and I took it as it came, and I know she was obviously texting you the same time that we kind of found our chemistry, but at the same time, we never chatted about what we had. And we weren't exclusive or anything, so I can't blame her for it. But I do see that it was--she was definitely keeping up with two people. - Wes, you and Adam both kissed me tonight. - I realized that this is why you have these boundaries. You can't mix business with pleasure. And it just creates a scene where it hurts. At the end of the day, like, yeah, sure I really dig her and everything, but after this, I'm leaving. - We had a chance to be good friends, and this rotten thing got in the way of it, - Yeah. - All right, and I don't want you to feel the way I feel. Still doesn't really--yeah. - Come here. - Give me a hug. Keep it real, dude. I really appreciate it. And I'm sorry about all this, all right? - It happens, bro. Still need to get my f---in' laundry out the washing machine. - Come say bye to me. - Okay. - You know, I don't know if you really accepted my apology with the whole Jason thing. It was f---ed up. - Bobby, when I get pushed to the limit, something closes down. And it f---ing killed me when you did that, because I was like "Bobby, I've not done anything to you." - All I know is, I don't want anything bad between us. - I will always have like a piece of my heart for Bobby. And I may be a f---ing hard bitch, but I am always, always there for my friends. It's been real. - It's been real fun. I do feel bad for everything that happened. I'll definitely be friends with Hannah, but I don't think it'll be the same as it was before the season. Captain? - Bobby. - [laughs] I know, oh my God. - Travel safe, yeah? - Yeah, you too man. - Thanks for such a good season. - I'm just gonna take these two to the aft deck. - Can I get a hug? - Yeah. - I really enjoyed working with Bugs. We pulled this off together in so many circumstances. I relied on her, and she relied on me, and you need to be chief stew, Bugs. - He's going. - I'm sure he's not going to say goodbye. Like he's not that kind of a guy. He's not a man. - I gotta go. Hannah and I genuinely hated each other. And now we genuinely like each other, so it's pretty amazing that people can come full circle. Bye, Hannah. - Bye. - Sandy. - No. - Time for me to go. - You can't go. - Best captain I've ever had, on so many different levels. And I probably would've cracked a bunch if it weren't for you coming in the galley with a big smile. Thank you so much, Sandy. I look forward to seeing you. - Stay in touch. - I look forward to seeing you again. - Definitely. - Yeah I've learned 1,001 lessons here this season in the Mediterranean. But if there's one thing that I could take away from this season, above all else, is that I need to read the f---ing preference sheet. [laughs] - Hmm. Guess no goodbye. Damn it. Yep. Mystery. He's gone. - Yeah? - Yeah. - Pulled me aside again this morning and had another conversation. - What'd he say? - Talking about your past and that you guys were physical and everything. - What? ♪ ♪ - He pulled me aside again this morning to have another conversation. - What'd he say? - Talking about your past, and that you guys were physical before and everything. - What? - It is what it is. - For him to bring things up again-- - Yeah. - Just like shows his character. At least you're a good guy. Every time when Adam has a chance to be a stand-up guy, he takes the low route. He's doing it unfortunately in a way that's going to hurt Wes more. - Bye, Hannah. Have a safe trip home. - Yes, you too. - And take care. - Yes, you too. - Bye. Maybe if we actually didn't cross paths working so closely together, we could've been friends. But we're not. - This goodbye is exactly what it should be. A simple, "Ciao, see you later." And honestly f--- off. - Bye, Wesley. - Cheers, friend. - Bugsy! - Bye, girl! - It's not goodbye, it's "I'll see you later." - See you later. - I'm packed and ready to hit the South African soil. - I'm taking off. - You are? - Yeah. - Yeah? - Mm-hmm. Interesting season. - Yeah, definitely. - Hannah and I just don't know how we feel about each other. We really liked each other in the beginning. [both laughing] It's just awkward. Bye, Hannah. - Take care. - Do you want to come up here? - Yeah. - It's been tough, hasn't it? - It has. - Might come across as you playing myself and Adam and whatever. - Well, I wanna say sorry to you, because it's--either way, you deserved better. - Yeah, I mean it's--it hurts sometimes, and it's hard sometimes. But at the end of the day, it was my conscious decision, and I stand by it. You gotta stick with what you believe... - Yeah. - And I've done that. - I'll see you soon. - I can't change what happened to Adam and Malia on the boat. I can't change what happened to myself and Malia on the boat. But I know right now is, I'm with Malia. Yeah, she's an amazing girl. And it'd be awesome to actually be able to explore what we have further away from "Sirocco." If it's going to be, we'll make it happen. But if it isn't, so be it. We had a good run. - [sighs] Goodbye, "Sirocco." - It's my time to leave. - Aww. - Thank you so much for the season, Cap. I really had a lot of fun, and it's really been a learning experience. - I've enjoyed every minute with you. - Thank you, Captain. - Wes is an amazing asset to any vessel. I'm really proud of him. - Hi, Sandy. - Hannah. Oh my God. - Thank you so much for just like changing my mind about not only female captains, but captains in general. I will never forget you. - Ditto. I love you too. I've been in the business a long time. I've had a lot of chief stewardesses. I've never had one like Hannah. She did the best she can do. That's all I can ask for. Ciao bella. - Ciao, ciao. This charter season, I feel like the people I trusted and liked at the beginning were my enemies at the end. And then the people I didn't like at the start, are my friends at the end. I kind of feel like I just need to go and get a whole bunch of therapy now and work out what the hell just happened. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 