Below Deck Mediterranean: Season 2, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Below Deck Mediterranean 
 s2e13 - Stew the Right Thing - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Below Deck Mediterranean (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 13 - Stew the Right Thing - full transcript 
 Bugsy's frustration with Hannah reaches critical mass when she calls Hannah out. On the final charter of the season, a former guest returns, this time flanked by six beautiful women who ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on - Previously on "Below Deck Med"... [solemn music] - She told me that she's not into him whatsoever. I got all the texts to prove it. We met before we even got on the boat. - Wow. - We tried to keep it hush, hush. ♪ ♪ - Yeah. - Bugs, would you like to do lead service with these guys? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I don't mind. - Can you go and unpack the starboard forward cabin for me? - It's kind of annoying that, like we're doing the majority of the work-- - Oh, you're only noticing this now? - You are looking at the new lead deckhand, Malia. - I got f---ed out of something for nothing. - Let it go! You can't become a leader by being a dick. - Cheers. both: Cheers! - You know that Malia's getting just stupid jealous, right? - Yeah, I see that. [lively electronic music] - [laughs] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Oh, God, here we go. - What is going on? ♪ ♪ [foghorns blare] [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ [techno music] - Yikes. - Later, skater. - That a girl. Get it on you. - He's like, "Yeah, I know, you're special. "But not at all. You're not f---ing special. You're disgusting." - He said that to you? - Oh, yeah, and I was like, "You, of all people, are sucking up to Hannah." - Why do you care about that? Wes likes you so much. - I know. - If you wanna kiss Wes, you get the f--- there. Go! - There were so many red flags with Adam. I was so stupid bringing it on. [hip-hop music] F--- you, Adam. Like, this girl's going for the good guy, and he totally deserves it. ♪ ♪ - You know what I love about you? You've got a good f---ing sense of humor. - Okay. - [laughs] - One more time for the cheap seats in the back. - Is this the Jager Bomb coming out? [laughs] Oh, careful. Whoa, easy, easy, easy. - Ooh, sh--. - What the f--- was that? That a girl. There you go. - Thank you. - What Adam and Hannah do, I could f---ing care less. - Yeah. - Wes, we gotta go. [laughs] - Where's Adam and Hannah? - You know where the bar's at. [playful instrumental music] - Grey Goose. Kahlúa. - Eww, barf. Who came up with that cocktail? - And f--- you. - Hm. - I'm pretty cooked. - [blows raspberries] - Oh, Wes, you might not wanna-- - [laughs] - So where's my popcorn? - Right up your bum. - [laughs] Whoo! - Holy cannoli. [laughs] - Yay! - Hi! - Everyone thinks you guys are hooking up, by the way. - So mission accomplished? - Just go with it, just go with it. - We've already done our jobs here, I think. - Make our f---ing drinks. - Bing bong. - But didn't--no, no. I'm sorry. I can't, I can't No, no. I wanna put her to bed, not take her to bed. I think the mess has already been made. [chuckles] Big difference. - No. - You could always-- - [indistinct] - [laughs] - What do you want from me? - Jeez. - Oh, God! Woman down! - [groans] - Oh, my God. - Hannah, Hannah, are you okay? - Hey, you alright? - Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. - Come here. Are you okay? - Hannah! - Jeez, Hannah. - Hannah, what the f--- is that? I give that an eight. - That was too much for me. - Are you gonna make it in bed okay? Get to sleep. Sleep it off... - Yeah, of course. [upbeat music] - You're running away also? - I'm just taking the garbage out. - Sold out to Hannah, huh? - Yeah, I went for you. Big mistake. - You know, you don't have to be such an asshole to prove your point. - Yeah, I think I do. I finally clicked with Hannah. We find common ground, and Malia could not hate it more. - Adam, I've never said anything against you. I think you're a great guy. - So why all of this? Making out with half the f---ing crew? Yes, you do. - Made out with half the crew, Adam? It was you and Wes. - You're a liar, and you blew it. - And I blew it? - Go ahead. You can have her, dude. It's all good. - Adam... [groans] - Later, skater. - You okay? - No, I'm good. [solemn music] ♪ ♪ - Okay, night, guys. Sleep well. ♪ ♪ - [burps] - [laughs] - Okay, you're welcome to get up. - [indistinct] - If you fall out of there, dude. Okay. - Super sneaky. - I'm gonna sleep in the crew mess. Night. ♪ ♪ - What are you doing? - I'm not sleeping in my cabin. Have you seen the movement going on in my cabin? ♪ ♪ - That's f---ed up, plan and simple. That is why she got the position. Do you guys really think this is professional? You're kicking Bugs out of her room. That's real professional. - Bugs, sleep in your bed. - Yeah, Bugs'll. ♪ ♪ [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - Yep. [both laugh] - Tags! - [chuckles] Oh, doggone, oh. [chuckles] ♪ ♪ - [giggles] Don't make me laugh. I'm just so over everything, Sandy. - How can I help? - I'm done with Hannah's management skills. Just nothing runs smoothly, you know what I mean? I'm just tired of feeling like I'm doing everything, like, everything. Hannah hasn't really helped with much. She's been absolutely lazy all season. - Can we send somebody to check on Hannah just to make sure she's okay? - She's my cabin mate, so she's good, she's good. - She's okay? ♪ ♪ - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - I like the gold. - I love that. - You can always count on Bugs. - Hannah's not set one table this entire season, not one table. - So you're not feeling supported, and you're doing all the work. - I don't wanna claim that, but that's how I feel. - I would wanna have a sit-down with Hannah. - But right at the end of the season? - You were really great at managing your emotions, so I would hate to see something trigger it during the charter. - I just never should've taken the second stew position, and that's me speaking honestly. - I want all the crew to feel like they can talk to me, but that doesn't mean I'm gonna solve their problem. This is for her to figure out. All right, honey, enjoy your day. - Thank you, you too. I'll bring your laundry up when it's done. ♪ ♪ - All righty, Malia, I've got a list over here for you to run through for the day. We're just gonna start off with a normal wash-down, full wash-down, including a very strong vinegar solution for doing the hull, with the blue paints and everything. My rule's always been, never hook up with the crew. If you can think of anything else, add it to the list. Being on a boat, you may think it's unprofessional, but that's where I live too. That's my house. So if I kiss Malia when no guests are around, and it's not in front of the captain's face, what's wrong with that? I've got you. - [laughs] - Oh, hi. - Oh, hi. - How's your bum feel? - Sore. - [laughs] - Sore, sore, sore. Let's try this again. - Ooh, you sure you wanna do that? [both laugh] - I don't even remember coming back to the boat, like... - When you started slurring a little bit, I was like, "Okay, this girl needs to go to bed." [laughs] - Thanks for looking after me last night. [laughs] - It was no big deal. ♪ ♪ - Hannah, Adam, and Wes, meet me in the crew mess for a preference sheet meeting. ♪ ♪ It's our last charter. - Thank God. - Hannah, what do you think of this? Jerry... - Yeah. - Jerry is a repeat charter client. - You might wanna give him some Dramamine. Either that or we're gonna have to shoot him with a flare gun. - Angie! - Yes. - At the end of the night, we want milkshakes. - Sure. - Jerry will be bringing his good friend, Dean, a former NFL kicker, along with some other lucky ladies. - Paula's pretty. - He likes Italian food. - Favorite's milkshakes. - "I don't do salads." [laughter] My kinda guy. - "Yes, I've requested water toys, if weather permits. - Here we go. - Give us a moment, Bobby. - Mm-hm. The last time, it was a bunch of dudes. - I know, right? - She looks pretty. - Oh, Bobby. - And he's distracted. - He definitely had some drinks, and he gets loud and obnoxious, and just made it a real pain in the ass for us. - Hey, listen, in the yacht world, we don't get to pick our clients, they pick us, so if the guest is high maintenance, we provide more maintenance. - This charter'll be good, bro. It's our last one. ♪ ♪ - We really need her help today. We could get so much more done if we all put in the same amount of work. - Oh, I'm sick of the whole hierarchy thing being pulled all the time. - Those flowers should just go on the bridge deck aft table. - Oh, right, there we go. I'll tell Bobby. He's up there now. - Thanks, Wes. - And I should have said something earlier. - Just, as third stew, I really don't have a place to say anything. - You do though. - Of course. - I want you to stand up for yourself. - Okay, yeah. - Lauren's a people pleaser. She's scared of Hannah. and as much as I don't really enjoy confrontation that much, she needs to know my feelings. Okay, let's do this. - This is terrible-- [indistinct] [upbeat music] - Bobby and Max, can you guys meet me on the front deck? - Copy that. - All right, well, I thought about last night. [smooth jazz music] - That's real professional. - I wanna be known first as a deckhand, second as... a girl. [chuckles] You know, your biggest concern is if I can keep it professional without being biased towards Wes, and so I think, if you guys would give me the opportunity to show that I can... - Of course. You do kick ass and take names and do really well. - Yeah, thank you. Hopefully, after this talk, the whole lead deckhand thing is put to bed, because if it gets brought up one more time, I'm gonna freak out. Don't give me any more sh--. - Oh, that's gonna happen. - Not yet. - I'm cracking down, boys. - I still need a hug. I really appreciate the fact that Malia came to us. To me, that shows that she respects Max and I as coworkers and friends and a team. - All crew, all crew, guests will be here in 20 minutes. Let's get into our whites. [electronic music] ♪ ♪ - Hannah, Hannah, Bugs. - Go ahead. - Could I just have a chat to you before charter? - Yeah. - That would be great, thank you. [tense music] Basically, I just wanna talk to you before we go into our final charter... - Mm-hm. - Because I'm feeling, like, extremely frustrated from the season. I feel like I should have come to you a lot earlier about it, and it's my mistake I didn't, but what I wanted to say was that I feel this season, you've been a lousy chief stew. - Coming up... - I matched on Tinder with the charter guest that's coming. - Going on a date, Bobby? - And later... - Are you gonna say something to Wes? - I can't let her get away with all that. Dude, the texts go on and on and on, days and days and days. [solemn music] ♪ ♪ - I'm feeling, like, extremely frustrated from the season, and I feel this season, you've been a lousy chief stew. I just feel like in the interim, we're not really a team, and I don't feel like you're pulling your weight. - Okay. - When you are bad at your job, and you need to be called out, it's kind of terrifying having to confront someone about that. I was really enjoying working with you in the beginning, and I don't know what's happened. - Yes, you know exactly what's happened. - What's that? - You broke my trust. They've been messaging since charter. - Well, that's when I lost complete respect. I mean, you don't hook up with a charter guest. - I didn't hook up with him. - You told me you did. - He kissed me, and I pushed him off. Good night. Jason? [smooching and moaning] Oh, my God. - I mean, I've got my own opinion on it, so I just wanted to say that I really am looking forward to this last charter, and, hopefully, we can knock it out of the ballpark. - Knock it out of the ballpark. - Yeah, exactly. - Okay. - Okay, thank you. Do you have anything you wanna say to me? - No. - Okay, thank you. - Absolutely nothing. How are you doing, Sandy? - I'm okay. - Bugs just had a chat with me and said that she feels like she's pulling more weight than everyone else, so I wanna try and give her a break, so are you happy for me to do the late shift? - You got it. Do nights. - Luckily for me, Bugs doesn't pay my paycheck. It's kind of just like, "Shoo. Leave me be." - You know what, that makes a great chief stewardess. - Yeah. - You allow your second to come to you, and you're gonna take up that slack. - Yeah, exactly. - That's why you're a chief stewardess. - Thanks, Sandy. - Oh, wait. This isn't real. - What? - I matched on Tinder with the charter guest that's coming. - Oh, yeah, boy. - Stop it. - She looks pretty. - Show us the photos. Yeah, I want to see what she's like. - So-- - Oh, my. - Oh, my God. She's a weapon, man. - Wow. - Get on, brother. - And she's a charter guest? That should be interesting. - [laughs] - Bugs, Bugs, Hannah? Can you just pop to the main saloon for me for one sec? - Yeah, copy. What's up? - I just wanted to give you the heads up. - Uh-huh. - I do apologize if you feel like you've been taking on more work than everyone else, so I'm gonna do lates this charter-- - Okay. - And you can go back on mids. - Okay. - Okay? - That's got nothing to do with it, but, yeah, that's fine. I don't care what shift Hannah's on. She just needs to work on that shift. - Perfect. Thank you. - All crew, all crew, guests will be arriving in five minutes. - Ah, one more time. - [laughs] - Look at the size of that boat. - Six girls. Two guys. solid ratio. - [laughs] - Hello. - Hey, I'm your captain, Sandy. - You're the captain? - Yes. - Not quite what I was expecting, but even better. - Jerry. - My man. - How you doing? Good seeing you again. - It's been a while. - I know. - Hi, Jerry. - I remember you. - I'm Bobby. Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - Paula, to me, uh, I mean, she definitely--uh... [stammers] [slow, dreamy music] Yes. - Welcome to motor yacht "Sirocco." - All right. - Hannah's gonna show you through the boat, and after that we're gonna get underway. - Want us to take our shoes off? - Please. - Oh, my God, I wore the stupidest socks today. [laughter] - Well, if I remember correctly, this will be one of your favorite spots, the bar. - Every one of those girls is gorgeous. - That girl's ass is definitely fake. - Oh, you probably won't be worrying about if it's fake or not when it's in his face. [laughter] - So this is the master suite. Through here we've got a nice, big walk in wardrobe. - Ooh. - This is awesome. - Any of you guys want to get right in here, you're welcome to. - So it's very standard in the industry for owners or charter guests to bring on girls. There was one time a yachtie escort tried to get me fired, but she didn't quite realize that I deal with this man's wife and children. He's really not going to be picking you over me. I'll take you down and show you the rest of the cabins. - Oh, look, you guys are all in the basement. This is an African safari room. - It is, isn't it? - Oh, God, sorry. - Yeah, we did. - That's okay. I think they went that way. - So the three rooms are all queens. - Yes. If you guys work out what cabins you're in, then we can sort out the luggage and get it sent down here for you. - Okay, yeah. Awesome. - And let me top off that empty glass of yours. - Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I want a milkshake. - Deck crew, deck crew. Okay, change into reds. ♪ ♪ - Stay there. - Full of nonsense. It's like we've got a restraining order. - Bart, Bart. When you can will you start the mains? - Yes, start up the main engines, Bart. ♪ ♪ - All right, Captain, we're good to go at your command. - One last time. - I'd like to go bow to stern. - All clear. - All lines are in. You're free to move at will. ♪ ♪ - Dean, what's wrong with this picture right now? - I feel like this is a beauty contest, and we're the judges. - Yes. - [laughs] - Let's play that game again. - The heads up one? - Yeah, I love it. - Let's check out her Instagram. - That's her? - Mm-hmm. - Damn, she's pretty. - I think the only position now Bobby wants to be in instead of lead deckhand is horizontal. - Those are fake. - I don't think there's anything real about that girl, including her nose, her lips-- - Yeah, it's-- - Her hair. - Wes, drop the starboard anchor. [chains rattling] - All right, Cap, that's five shackles on starboard. - All right, we're good. ♪ ♪ - Do you need anything to the bin, Adam? No? - I'm good, thanks. - Seven years on, I've earned my dues. I don't need to clean toilets anymore. Why? 'Cause I did it for six years. If she wants to see me grafting hard, then I will graft hard just to get under her skin that little bit more. - Plane diving. Plane dive. Nose dive. Sky dive. [bell dings, girls laugh] [pepper mill grinding] - We're so close. If I can just keep my head out of the clouds, the Wes and Malia clouds, I'll probably be able to get through this. - Honking, talking and-- - Twerking. - Twerking. - Are we ready to be seated? - Yes. - Come on, girls. All right. - So I'll grab that. [thuds] [all gasp] - [laughs] [laughter] - Come on. - Are you okay? - One of the legs is a little short. - I was gonna pick up the--this. - Are you ready? - Yes. - Drunk girls on a boat, yeah. ♪ ♪ - Okay, so this here is a tuna poke, and then we're got a Mediterranean salad, and a pasta salad with lemon. - Good food, good meat, good Lord, let's eat. - When do the milkshakes come, Hannah? - Whenever you want them, Jerry. - Could I have a chocolate milkshake? - You can have whatever you want, princess. - Thank you. I would like a chocolate milkshake, please. - Hey, you need me to get in there? - Yeah, go on in, boy. - Hey, that's why we make a good team. - [laughs] - I don't want the crew to think I'm just this crazy, aggressive man. Like, no. I just genuinely liked someone and was told that they liked me back. Like, I can't get it out of my mind. All I can think about is I got played. I got played hard. - Coming up... - I woke up today feeling stupid about this whole f---ing Malia thing. - The texting. - The texting was like minutes after this little session in the wheelhouse. [laughter] [laughter] - You ate all your food. - We didn't do much damage on this, did we? - No, I wasn't crazy about it. I don't like raw fish. I don't like salad-based products. I don't like mayonnaise-based products. - [whispers indistinctly] - What's that? - What's up? - This isn't for me. - Oh, God. Well, what do you feel like? - Um... so she wants some peanut butter toast. - For you? - I'll have a strawberry milkshake, yeah. - Okay. - Okay, cool. - Primary charter guest wants a strawberry milkshake, and another girl wants peanut butter toast and a chocolate milkshake. - Okay. - Adam really hasn't looked at the preference sheet, but at the same time, my heart's kind of breaking for him because Malia has done a number on him, so the last thing he needs is me coming in and giving him a hard time. - Look what's coming there, princess. - [gasps] Thank you so much. - Oh, this is good. Mm-hmm. Wow. I don't know about yours, but mine's really good. - Do you want some? - I want to see you guys both sip on the straws at the same time. Cheers. - Cheers. - That's beautiful. That's a beautiful milkshake. - That's really tasty, actually. - Yep. - Recovery? - He said it tastes delicious. - Excellent. From hero to zero, then from zero to hero, huh? - If I fall in the ocean, that's okay. - Well, you never know what's in there. Could be a shark. - There are no sharks in this ocean. - Are you sure? - We don't know. - You never know. - Where did Bobby go? ♪ ♪ - I like it. - Oh, thank you. - It's a little chilly out. - I would love to get on top of that mountain and just yodel. - Hey, Bobby! - Hey! So I got something to tell you. - What's that? - I matched with one of the girls on a dating site the other night. - No way. Which one? - Paula. - Oh, my goodness. - [laughs] - Wow, that's funny. Oh, you guys, you guys, you guys, here's what we're gonna do. let's set up a little private table out here. When dinner time comes, I'm gonna go, "Paula, come here. Your Tinder date is waiting for you," and then bring you out here. [laughter] Yes, we are gonna so do that. We'll see if you can close the deal this time. - Here's the challenge. Whoever can go up there and kiss her first, wins 100 bucks. - No. [laughter] - He wins. He has got way more game than you do. - Ha-ha! [laughter] - Bobby, you have five hours to get ready, you better start. - Oh, I know, I got to look pretty. - Bugs, Bugs, Hannah. I'm just gonna turn over this laundry. If you need me to come up, just let me know. - Oh, okay, perfect. I'm not gonna complain because Hannah's finally working, but where were you five charters ago? Where were you the whole season? - Hey, can we be cool these last three days, please? Crickets. [laughs] It's okay, I'm just making sure you're okay. - Yeah, I'm fine. - I want things to be cool. - There's seriously, like, 48 hours left. - Yeah. - There's nothing we could really do to ruin this at this point. I couldn't possibly be more hurt. I'm having a hard time understanding why I owe Malia any amount of respect. I appreciate you saying something. - Do you guys want a shot? - I do. - Here comes Jerry. - Open sesame. - You press the button, remember? Push it again. Oh, there you go. [laughter] - I was like, "Open sesame." - Oh, you guys-- You guys haven't got your bathing suits on yet? - We were waiting for you. - You guys going in the hot tub? - Cheers. ♪ ♪ - [laughs] - There you go. - Look at that bum. - Here we are. I used to be a cheerleader in the NFL. I've seen many old dudes hit on young women. - Ese, you need to take a Boomerang of me. - Tell me when. - [grunts] - These women, they're just here to party on a yacht and take tons of selfies. Yeah, free trip to Croatia. - Malia... - Okay. - Okay. - I got slapped this morning. I got told I haven't been pulling my weight, and I'm a bad chief stew. - By whom? - Bugs. - Like that was necessary. - Yeah. I think she, like, kind of doesn't understand. I know she's been a chief stew before, but doing these charters back to back to back to back, there is a lot of stuff that I have to do, like, on my phone, and with provisions, and organizing stuff and everything so. - Or you're playing travel agent. You're doing something for the crew. - Yeah, exactly. I haven't really had any complaints from the guests, which are really-- or Sandy. So... [sighs] It's just weird. - Anyway. - You okay, babe? You're awfully quiet. - Yeah. I woke up today feeling stupid about this whole f---ing Malia thing. - Don't you think she should be the one that's feeling stupid? - As it turns out, minutes after this little make-out session in the wheelhouse, Malia and I were doing some pretty heavy texting. I mean, we were communicating. - To be making out with Wes, and literally, minutes later be texting Adam, and then trying to make out like Adam's the one that's crazy? She's fricking taking it to the next level. - You read some of this stuff, and it's like serious potential relationship talk. - The texting? - Oh, yeah. Talking about the future and "I miss you," and I mean, strong words. You think you know someone. - Well, I'm sorry you had a sh-- time. - I know. It sucks. - [whispers] Two more days. - Yeah, I know. [laughter] - Coming up... - I can if you want. - Really? [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - This is gonna be so good. - You stand over here. When I come out, you walk over here with a candle. - No, decorate this little table all romantic. - Yeah, yeah, yeah. Decorate that little table. - All right. ♪ ♪ - What are you doing for the main then? - I was gonna do bass. They've got--pretty much every person wrote bass. This lady'll have chicken instead. - Okay. - Hey, Paula. Can I talk to you for a sec? Come here. Oh, I mean, out here. [laughter] - Well, hello. - Hi. - This is Bobby. You matched on Tinder. [laughter] And if this is a big hit, Captain Sandy is capable of performing a marriage right on the boat. - Oh, God. - So enjoy your little date. - This is actually really cool, Jerry. Awkward, but cool. - Well, I didn't know you were on the boat. - That was the last thing I was expecting. - Me too. [laughter] - Bobby is like-- [mouths words] - What's the story here with everybody? - Me and Elisa live together in Australia. - And what brought you to Australia, school? - University, yes. - Cool. Little smarty pants. - [laughs] - Not this guy. When I got out of high school, I went straight to fire school. I was a fireman. I was a fireman for ten years, and then a friend of mine was like, "You should try yachting and try this for a while." - And here you are, and match people on Tinder in it? - Yeah. - That sounds like fun. - Oh, my God. - What do you say we go to the table, and let's sit down for dinner. Let's go! - Are we missing one? - We are. She's on a Tinder date. - Bobby, Bobby. - Go ahead. - Do you want me to bring you out some game? Or are you all right? - I think I'm doing all right. - And remember, don't look at her breasts. - Bobby, the guests are all seated for dinner, so wrap it up. - Your dinner is ready, so we should reconvene this a little later maybe? - Okay. - All right? - Okay, sounds good. - I'm sorry I was keeping you guys from all the fun here. - Well, you guys enjoy your dinner. - Okay, I'm just gonna do wine service. - Okay. - Did he take you for a tour of the crew cabin? No, he didn't? - Do you get one later? - Maybe. - You can roll. - So for the starter tonight, we have pan seared jumbo shrimp with walnut romesco and fresh oregano. - This food is delicious. - It is. - It's amazing. - This one looks heavy, bro. - You got it, Wes. Muscles. - I'd like to thank you all for coming on my little adventure. all: Cheers. - Cheers. Thanks for the invite. This has been a really wonderful trip. - That you eat with a fork? - That's not soup. It's just a purée. - I popped one down anyway. - Just in case they want to drink it. I've noticed that Hannah has been stepping up a lot. I think Bugsy confronting Hannah, although she won't admit it, definitely made her try to prove herself a little more this charter. - That one's ready. That one's ready. This one's ready. - For your second course, we have caramelized asparagus with yellow carrot on an asparagus puree. Enjoy. - This tastes good. - I like the carrot. - Very good. - I'm so happy there's one day left. It's very interesting that I've been taken off lates and put back on middles because Hannah said, "You think I'm not doing enough? I'm gonna do lates." - You can go back on mids. - Okay. - Okay? - That's got nothing to do with it, but, yeah, that's fine. - Yeah, she was doing lates before, and she still wasn't doing anything. - Yeah, it's ridiculous. - I think Hannah uses her rank to delegate and get away from doing things that, you know, normally a chief stew would share in. - We've got two days left. That is not enough time to redeem yourself. - She's lazy. - I need a transfusion. - Paula's liking this dish. What do you like better, the dish or Bobby? - That's a hard question. - That's a hard question? Who else is on Tinder in Croatia? - Is Bugs in cabins? - Yes. - Yeah. Doesn't surprise me. - Oh, hey, Bugs. - Hi, Adam. How's it going? - Feel like I haven't seen you in forever. - [laughs] "Forever and a day." - You might get a good night's sleep tonight, Adam. That would be unusual. - [laughs] - I'll take another beer, please. - Perfect. - I have to go take a study break. - Oh, that's right. You have to go do your thing. - Yeah. - You gonna help her? - Yeah, and go help her by sleeping next to her. I'm out! - What are you guys doing? - We are looking for the other girls. - Yeah, thank you for your awesome service tonight. - It's a pleasure, Jerry. - He's like so obsessed with me. - You off to bed? - Yeah. - Okay. You have a good sleep, hey? - I will. - Full moon in two days' time? - So our last day on the boat is a full moon. - Yeah. - People are gonna go crazy. - People are already going crazy. It is a little hard keeping my distance from Wes and trying to not flirt, because I don't want to be unprofessional. - How do you know what your WhatsApp number is? - That's your WhatsApp number. - Okay. - Why, who are you giving your WhatsApp number to, your Tinder date? - She just asked for it. - Texting on charter. Hmm. You know my opinion on that. I would feel like a complete hypocrite if I let this slide with Bobby and not with Hannah. This, again, is a big no-no. - Can't beat 'em, join 'em, right? [laughs] [laughs] What's going on? - Oh, God. - What? - She just said, "Where's your room at? Come to ours." And then she sent me a picture. Oh, my God, that's not fair. - Bobby's been looking for love this whole charter season, and he's got nowhere. Listen, you go to do what you got to do. [laughs] [both laugh quietly] - F---. My will, my will's weak. I must be frickin' strong. - Listen to me, listen to me. Serious talk. All the sh-- we give Hannah for doing it, for hooking up with Jason, I will not give you when you go down there and meet Paula, because that is worth it. - Oh, sh--. All right, I'll be back. - Make me proud. - She is testing me. - Coming up... - I mean, read that. 3:45 a.m., that watch. The girl is a f---ing liar. [hip-hop music] ♪ ♪ - How are you guys doing? It smells really good in here. - Like food? - No, it smells like-- beautiful ladies. [laughter] At this moment, I really would like to do some unprofessional things. Well, I guess I'll just wish you guys good night. I think we got a fun day tomorrow. - [laughs] - And it was really nice meeting you. Stay professional, stay professional. - Good night. - Okay, I'll see you in the morning. It will be fun. - Okay, good night. - Sleep tight. F---. Okay, I'm going to bed. F---. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - Good morning. - Good morning, Sandy. - Did you sleep? - Oh, yeah. - Apparently I was snoring. - Oh, really? - This is such a yummy breakfast. - Nice. - I want to go on a hike. - What's a hike mean? - Like a walking adventure. - Yeah, we might get lost, though. - How did it go with Paula? - I don't want to hear it. - [laughing] And she--her friend's in bed. I was standing there, and I was f---ing, it reeks of hot babes. - [laughs] - And-- - What about your date last night? - Yeah, he came to say good night last night. - Oh. - It was pretty cute. Girls: Aww. - F---! - [laughs] - Are you captain this morning, Hannah? - Yes, I am. - So is it supposed to get sunny today? - Partly sunny. - We're off to a start. Are we here till tomorrow? - No, we can't stay here. Unpredictable weather is part of being in the Mediterranean. So this afternoon we have great weather, so we're gonna go out have some fun, but we definitely have to be back at the dock before the weather hits. - Just round up the peeps? - Sounds perfect. - All right, thank you. - Pleasure. - Putting the toys in. [mechanical whirring] - [whistles] [air hissing] I think around 5:00 a.m. - Do you need me to arrange transport to the airport for you? - Yeah, it would be nice. Yes, please. - Yeah, of course. - That would be great. Thank you. - All right, let's go. - I can't believe we're doing this. [laughter] - Oh! - Oh, I landed on my ass. - Soft landing, then. - Come on. Girls on trampolines! Let's go! Up and down, up and down. Go. [girls laugh, scream] - Ooh. - All right, let's go for the quick ski before lunch. - Sounds good. [engine purring] ♪ ♪ - [whispers] No. Can I borrow a can opener? - Maybe. - Thank you. - I don't know. F---. - Hey, what are you inside for, huh? - You'll never see, like, a sad person on a Jet Ski. - I can if you want. - Really? - Yeah. Whatever they ask for, I guess that's my job to make it happen. - We can go for a little drive. - You got it. - I'll wait for you. - Okay. [pan sizzling] - Are we just about to have lunch, Adam? - That's a really good idea. - Thanks, honey. - I'm just gonna wipe this and set the table. - Do you know how hard tomorrow's gonna be? We've got guests leaving at 4:00 tomorrow morning. Your girl. - Well, Bobby should probably be on that. - All righty. If you need me I'll be in the bridge. - Where are you going? - I got sh-- to do. It may look bad to other people, but I really have been wanting to meet a girl here, and if it ends up being this charter guest, well, I'm gonna do it. All righty. - You going on a date, Bobby? - Yeah, that's what I thought. - Oh, boy. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - Everybody fell asleep. [groans] ♪ ♪ - How was it? - It was awesome. - I'll take that from you. - See you later. - Whoa. - Is that date number two? Things are going well, bro. - Date number two. - Get on. - Oh, them lips. - Oh, f--- yeah. ♪ ♪ - All right, time to bring up the transom door. Last time, guys. Let's not break anything. - Whoo! - All right, Cap, transom is closed, and the toys are loaded. - Good job. Let's pull anchor and get underway. ♪ ♪ Pull up the starboard anchor, please. - Shackle number two on deck. [metallic clanking] - Whoo! Done with anchors. ♪ ♪ - All crew, all crew. This is our last boat ride, so I hope you get a visual. - I feel like a war veteran returning from World War ll. - Are you getting hungry? - Yeah, we're ready to eat. - We're gonna be starting without Paula. - Okay, no problem. - Waiting for Bob's girlfriend? - No, we're gonna eat without her, Jerry said. - Well, she's probably already eaten in the sea with Bobby--his face. - Did they make out? - Yeah, and I can't believe he would be, like, a hypocrite about it. - It's like he's never seen a girl with a nice ass before. Which he has. [laughs] How do you know, Bugs, you saw? - I might have played a little trick on him. - Hey, that's all that matters. [laughs] - He's not the brightest crayon in the box. Mmm, chop salad. - Those two can go. - Tomato soup. One with no mayo. - The soup is so good. I love it. - So, like, I had to think about what you said yesterday, and it's really f---ing annoying me. I feel really bad for both Wes and Adam because I feel like Malia was definitely leading them both on, and that can really mess with a guy's head. - I can only imagine every sneaky little corner they had, you know, because that was me. I was the one sneaking around the corners giving her kisses too. - [sighs] Are you gonna say something to Wes? - Yeah, I'm gonna have to mention something. I can't let her get away with all that, you know? - No. - More importantly, I can't let him-- - Get taken for a ride like that. - Yeah. Even if the conversation doesn't go well, at least I can say my piece, and I can sleep better at night knowing that I tried to put an end to someone's charade. - Yeah. - Yeah, I was engaged once, and it--it didn't work out because I was never exposed to her family. She was Middle Eastern, and it was a cultural clash. I was a secret, and I'm a secret again, and it's just eating me alive. ♪ ♪ - Last one for the season, bro. All right, Cap, you've got no traffic astern of you or to your port side. One meter till touching fenders on starboard quarter. - He's a cute little linesman, isn't he? - Hello. - All right, Cap, we've got all lines ashore and tightened to the dock. - Well done on the lines. [upbeat music] ♪ ♪ - If there are two sides to the story, then they both need to be said. He doesn't know the truth about her. I've got four weeks' worth of texts to prove it, and I have a little bit of an obligation, at this point, to make sure he finds out. Hey, man. It's been on my mind. I mean, I'm sure you've noticed, dude, I've been pretty blue. - Yeah. - Basically, ever since our little scuffle in Dubrovnik. - Yeah. - You know, while I apologize and everything, it's deeper than that. I do wish you two the best whatever happens. Seriously, honest to God. But that said, you need to know that the girl is a f---ing liar. The night that you two did the wheelhouse thing, I did some cross referencing. Dude, she was minutes-- I mean, read that. 3:45 a.m., that watch. I mean, this f---ing-- Dude, the texts go on and on and on. Days and days and days. ♪ ♪ - Next time on the season finale of "Below Deck Mediterranean"... - I'm tired of waiting for these girls. We're waiting for dinner, Paula. Hannah, can you have the captain come talk to me, please? - You think you and Lauren worked harder than me this season? - Yeah. - Here we go again, drama. - Lauren. - Be honest about what you've been saying. - Let's be honest. The only person I'm gonna talk to after this charter is Hannah. - And that's fine. - Wes, before we go, man, I just got to say one last thing. Malia and I had a physical relationship. - I knew Adam from before. - Anything happen then? - This is why you have these boundaries. You can't mix business with pleasure. I've had a lot of conversations with a lot of people, and they all keep trying to, like, warn me this person's had, like, two relationships on the boat the whole time and-- - Well, I want to say sorry too. Because it's-- either way, you deserved better. I guess no good-bye. - It wasn't meant to be. - F--- off. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 