Star Trek: Deep Space Nine: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Star Trek: Deep Space Nine 
 s1e4 - Babel - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (1993–1999): Season 1, Episode 4 - Babel - full transcript 
 Cardassian technology isn't as good as it seems. Chief O'Brien is very very busy as systems all over the station are failing. While Trying to free people stuck in an airlock and promising a ship's captain a repair crew by the end of the day, Dax wants him to repair a malfunction in the lab. Then he must repair the navigational computer for Kira, only to be ordered by Sisko to make sure he gets good coffee by fixing the replicators. A while later all of the sudden O'Brien has become aphasic. Bashir has no clue what happened, there seems to be nothing wrong physically with him. Then out of the blue Dax also turns aphasic, right in front of his eyes. All over the ship people are displaying the symptoms, it seems an epidemic caused by a virus. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Look, save your energy. We'll have you out of there as soon as possible. l hope. Try rerouting the power coupling. Mr O'Brien. See if you can activate the interlock servos. Mr O'Brien. Captain Jaheel, those people have been stuck in that airlock for over an hour. lf you wait till we get that door opened, l'll listen to your problems. l've waited two days 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 for you to readjust my ship's antimatter flow converter. l'm afraid we're behind in our maintenance schedule. l'm not interested in excuses. l must deliver Tamen Sahsheer to Largo V and l'll need to hurry before it spoils. l'll try to get a repair crew to you today. - That's the best l can do. - Your best hardly seems good enough. - Dax to O'Brien. - O'Brien here. Can you spare a minute? l have a little problem here at the lab. On my way. Thanks for coming, Chief. What are you doing out here? - Have you checked the EPS converter? - Yes, first thing. - How about the intensity grid? - lt's fine. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Then it's probably a secondary phase modulator. We had trouble with them last week in the main power core. That should do it. Anything else l can do for you? The navigational computer hasn't worked reliably for three days. l ask for the star charts for the Argosian sector, Glessene sector comes up instead. That's when l can coax this system on line. Uh-huh. Try it now. Huh. That's more like it. - You could use some sleep. - Who has time for sleep? l'd settle for five minutes' peace and quiet. Chief, l thought you were going to fix the replicators. You're absolutely right, sir. l knew l'd forgotten something. Can't have the Operations Chief sitting around daydreaming when there's work to be done, can we? l'll get right on it. ''Fix the replicators, Chief.'' ''My console's off line, Chief.'' l should have transferred to a cargo drone - no people, no complaints. Hot coffee - black, double sweet. Tell me, Quark. Am l mistaken, or is business a little slow today? Slow? lt's been almost non-existent for the past three days. Who knows? lf things don't improve, you may be forced to close down. You'd like that, wouldn't you? Let's just say, without you around, my job would be considerably easier. Without me around, you'd be forced to find some other poor innocent to persecute. Think about that while you sit here gloating at my misfortune. Quark! You call this Kohlanese stew? lf your meal isn't satisfactory l'm sure we could er...exchange it for something more to your liking. Aren't you the least bit curious as to how it tastes? Now... you served it, you're going to eat it. - All right, that's enough. - l said, eat it! l said... that's enough. Leave him alone. - Another satisfied customer. - lt's these replicators. lf l don't get them fixed soon, they'll destroy my business. Why not get O'Brien to fix them? He has the replicators on the command level working perfectly. l'm on his waiting list. He says he'll get to them as soon as he can. No telling when that will be. The Chief's a very busy man. Computer... display a station layout. Highlight locations of all repaired replicators on command level. lnformation restricted to security clearance five and above. Please enter security verification. Clearance verified. There you go, sir. l think you'll find that more to your liking. - Very much appreciated. - Don't mention it, sir. Unfortunately, there are plenty of replicators that still need looking after. - You all right, Chief? - l'm just a bit hot. The environmental controls must be acting up again. Send my regards to Mrs O'Brien. Jake says she's a great teacher. That's nice to hear. She's flower units about the lad herself. - Excuse me? - Sir? What was that you just said? She's...quite fond of the lad herself. - l'm glad to hear it. - Very good, sir. Ladies. Hello, Lieutenant. l forgot how different it was. - How different what was? - Being female. l haven't been one for over 80 years. All this attention. - lt must take some getting used to. - l find it quite enjoyable. Major Kira. Lieutenant Dax. l'd be honoured to have you join my little party. - As my guests, of course. - What's all this, Quark? You cheat your 1,000th customer? Who says Bajorans don't have a sense of humour? Actually, we're celebrating the repair of the bar's replicator system. Perhaps l could interest you in a nice, double-whipped, ldanian spice pudding. What do you think? l think l'm due back at Ops, but go on. Enjoy yourself. - Chief? - How can l help you, Major? Looks like you're the one who could use a little help. No, l'm fine, really. l suppose this isn't a good time to tell you that number three turbolift has broken down again. Joking, Chief. Major, lark's true pepper. What? Let birds go further loose maybe. Shout easy play. Chief, you're not making any sense. Round the turbulent quick. Well, close the reverse harbour. Ankle try sound. Reset gleaming. Dinner to bug. Chief, wait. - When? - Chief! Computer, continue neural imaging scan and stimulate visual cortex. All visual responses normal. - Begin auditory stimuli. - No physiological damage. All brain functions within normal parameters. - Nurse. - Yes? Will you pull up Mr O'Brien's neurophysiological history, please? Yes, Doctor. - What has he written? - l wish l knew. Strike limits. Flame the dark true salt. - Chief, take a seat. - Way link complete. Way link! - What's wrong with him? - He's suffering from a form of aphasia. lt's a perceptual dysfunction in which aural and visual stimuli are incorrectly processed by the brain. His thinking hasn't been affected but he's incapable of expressing himself or understanding others. Victory strike limits frosted wake. Simple hesitation! l'm not sure l follow you. You say Mr O'Brien is aphasiac but his tests have come up negative. lsn't aphasia typically associated with some kind of cranial trauma? lt can occur as a result of a blow to the head but there's no evidence of that. Did you check the library for precedents? And rechecked. Nothing, so far. You have any theories? - Not yet. - Find one. Major Kira, get ahold of the Chief's personal duty log. Find out where he's been for the past 52 hours. l've already examined it. He's been all over the station. Retrace his steps and see what you come up with. Dax, you will temporarily assume Mr O'Brien's duties. Yes... ls there a problem, Lieutenant? Lieutenant? l'm sorry, Benjamin. l'm unable to... foolish assembled regal... controlled weather. Spontaneous development of aphasia is virtually impossible. Yet we saw Lieutenant Dax become aphasiac before our eyes. We are dealing with a disease which only mimics aphasia. l ran a full neural synaptic comparison between Dax and O'Brien and l found this in the temporal lobes of both patients. A virus. lt imposes itself within the established synaptic pathways and then reroutes them. For example, when l look at this, a process occurs within my brain which connects the stimulus to the word ''tricorder''. - This virus disrupts that process. - l'd see a tricorder but l'd say something ridiculous, like ''window''. Exactly. - Doctor, you should get over here. - Night the flow trade again. You lost pile luck. Away tunnel back the garden. l want this station put under emergency quarantine immediately. Dabo! - Quark, what is going on here? - What does it look like? lt looks like business as usual but that's impossible because all shops and businesses have been closed until further notice. Except for essential station operations. - For which this place hardly qualifies. - l don't think they'd agree. This quarantine has everybody on edge, Constable. Would you deprive them of a little harmless diversion? They'd be safer in their quarters. Quark, this Kohlanese stew - magnificent. Fortunately, my assistant, Rom, was able to fix the replicators. Yes... Very fortunate. Jake, l expected you home an hour ago. Sorry. l was at Nog's. Dad, about this quarantine. - lt's going to be OK, isn't it? - lt's just a precaution. l wish l shared your confidence. Go straight home, son. l'll see you at dinner. Captain Jaheel, all visitors have been confined to their ships. - There is no place l'd rather be. - Why are you here? l request permission to leave this station. Request denied. We have not been affected by this virus. Unless l depart at once my whole cargo will be ruined. Captain, l suggest you return to your ship now. Please. l don't want to get sick. l'm sorry, but until we can find a cure for this thing no one's going anywhere. Computer, let's start with one Ferengi starduster, please. Extra strong. Perfect. l thought the front wheels were sticking a bit. Unauthorised access to crew quarters is a crime, Quark. You could have just asked to use the replicators. There's an old Ferengi saying - ''Never ask when you can take.'' How did you figure it out? - You claimed Rom fixed your replicators. - So? Rom's an idiot. He couldn't fix a straw if it was bent. You're right. Rom is an idiot. Remind me to get rid of him tomorrow. The levels of the virus in the patients' blood suggest it's due to ingestion. - ls it in our food? - All our food is replicated and all the replicators use biofilters. They screen out contaminants including viruses. l've analysed samples from replicators all over the station. Food on the command level is contaminated. All of us have eaten from those replicators. This virus is highly adaptable. lts incubation period seems to vary within each individual. According to O'Brien's duty log the last thing he did was fix the command level replicators. Get a repair crew over there to inspect the site. Let's shut down those replicators. Maybe we can limit further contamination. l've got aphasiac patients from all over the station. - How is that possible? - Thank Quark. l caught him using a replicator in vacant crew quarters. He is producing his entire menu out of there. lf this virus is present within a large enough segment of the population, it could mean... What is it, Doctor? l just took an air sample. The virus. - lt's mutated into an airborne variety. - Which means...? Which means the whole station is infected. Station Log, Stardate 46423.7. Nearly 60% of DS9's population has now contracted the aphasia virus. We've initiated standard quarantine procedures and advise incoming ships to maintain their distance until further notice. l found it in the replicator's pattern generator. O'Brien must have triggered it when he repaired the system. According to Bashir, it introduced an anomalous programming sequence into the materialization subroutine. lt built the virus directly into the replicated food at a molecular level. - So it's sabotage. - Cardassian sabotage. - How can you be sure? - Diboridium core for a power source. That is Cardassian technology. - Bashir to Sisko. - Sisko here. You'd better get down here to the infirmary, as soon as possible. On my way. You wanted to see me, Doctor? Jake? Left...become better... control...entire hope. We've converted some empty crew quarters into a hospital ward. l'll take him there. You're going to be all right, Jake. Commander, when you've got a moment l've found something l'd like to show you. lt'll be all right. Just lay back. l know, but just lay back and relax. Food...dabo...drinks. money...hand...mine...give! l see even you couldn't weasel your way clear of this one. You underestimate the Ferengi immune system, Commander. l'm here visiting my less fortunate customers to make sure they're not faking to avoid paying their bills. - No one could be that devious. - l am. You...gold...owe...me! l...now...give! We're doing everything possible. l'll be back as soon as l can. The virus is synthetic, Commander. lts nucleotide sequence is too perfect. lt's not natural. You're saying the Cardassians genetically engineered this thing? l thought so, but l've studied Cardassian genetic engineering. They build distinctive monoclonal links into their DNA. - This has none of those features. - Then who made it? l referenced all known DNA construction techniques in the Federation records and this protein series was the key. lt indicates... - Doctor! Who created this virus? - The Bajorans, sir. lt must have been a plot to sabotage the Cardassians. The energy decay of the power core indicates it dates back to the building of the station. That's 18 years ago. l suppose the Bajoran underground could have smuggled it aboard during construction... before l took over as Head of Security. Why would they go to the trouble of planting a booby trap and not set it off? - Maybe they forgot. - No. We need to find out who created this virus. You're our best hope. 18 years is a long time. Even if she finds who did this, that's no guarantee they can help. l hope they remember the antidote. That's assuming they ever bothered to create one. lt had to be someone familiar with genetic engineering. Sounds like something Dekon Elig might have thought up. - How can l find him? - The last l heard he was in prison. - Where was he being held? - The Velos Vll lnternment Camp. But that was nine years ago. And you have no idea where he is now? Think, Galis! This is important. l'm sorry, Kira, but it was all so long ago. - What is it, Jake? - Roll linger when life... - Roll linger when... - What? Other support, strong courage... He's running a high fever. Open way long. Open way. Doctor, we have an emergency in crew quarters. - How is he, Doctor? - Not good, l'm afraid. The virus has attacked his autonomic nervous system. He's not responding to neural stimulation. l've given him corophizine to avoid secondary infection but l've been unable to lower his fever. What are his chances? Unless l find some way to counteract the virus he'll be dead in twelve hours. - Have you made any progress? - No. l've tried base pair destabilisers, sequential disruption. Nothing seems to affect it. Sir, l've got seven other aphasiac patients displaying the same symptoms as O'Brien, and l'm afraid this is only the beginning. Keep searching, Doctor. l hope Major Kira finds whoever's responsible for creating this virus. l'd like to meet that person myself. This virus is a work of genius. l'll try to arrange it for you. Link established with the Bajoran Archival Records. Locate files on Velos Vll lnternment Camp. Do you show a record of an inmate named Dekon Elig? - Affirmative. - Biographical data. Dekon Elig, geneticist. Former member of the Higa Metar sect of the Bajoran underground. Killed while attempting escape, Stardate 39355. Certificate of Death on file. - No need to ask how you're doing. - Chasing after ghosts. You have twelve hours to catch one. - And then? - People start dying. Computer... Display Dekon Elig's Certificate of Death. ldentify signature of witness. Certificate of Death was witnessed by Surmak Ren, Bajoran medical assistant. Show me biographical data on Surmak Ren. Dr Surmak Ren. Former member of the Higa Metar sect of the Bajoran underground. Repatriated to Bajor upon closing of the Velos Vll lnternment Camp, Stardate 46302. Current status unknown. Dabo. - Any luck? - l haven't won a spin in hours. Care to place a friendly wager? lf it's your reputation you're thinking about no one need ever know. lt has nothing to do with my reputation. The truth is, l never... learned the game. You've sat here for all these years and you don't even know how to gamble? That's correct. No wonder you always look so bored. The rules are quite simple, actually. - l'd be happy to show you. - Some other time, perhaps. Sisko needs me in Ops. And since the entire security force has been stricken with aphasia the Promenade is in a vulnerable position. - How unfortunate. - Consider it a warning, Quark. Because l'm holding you personally responsible if anything turns up missing. ls that understood? Perfectly. Dabo. Computer, analyse test sample 37 delta. Detail effects on viral containment. Working. Analysis complete. Sample 37 delta ineffective. Viral protein sheath is unaffected. Nucleotide sequence remains intact. Computer, replay morning. Command unclear. Please repeat. Glass lunch judge a bin to let it. Command unclear. Please repeat. Computer, establish a link with the Bajoran Medical lndex for the Northwestern District. Link established. Access all information on Dr Surmak Ren. There are no records matching that name. Try the Northeastern District - same search. Dr Surmak Ren, Chief Administrator of the llvian Medical Complex. Computer, open a channel to the llvian Medical Complex, Administrator's office. This is Dr Surmak. And you are...? Major Kira Nerys, Bajoran liaison to Deep Space 9. The old Cardassian mining station. - How can l help you? - lt depends. On what? lf you helped Dekon Elig plant an aphasia virus here 18 years ago. l have no idea what you're talking about. l'm a security officer, a good one, but that doesn't qualify me to help you run station operations. You're probably right, Constable. But, you're all l've got. Commander! - l think l found our scientist. - Does he have an antidote? He broke the connection when l mentioned the virus. Major, where are you going? To continue my conversation with Dr Surmak, in person. l can't allow you to break quarantine. We can't spread the virus to Bajor. l don't intend to step foot on the planet. Better let her go, Sisko. She's all we've got. Let's just hope there's someone left to greet her when she returns. Jake. How's it going? l've missed you. l know things don't look too good right now but they'll get better. You have to believe that because l'm not going to lose you, Jake. You hear me? l'm not going to lose you. You'd better take a look at this. Activity on docking port five. A ship is about to depart. That's Jaheel's ship. Put him on screen. Captain, your ship has not been cleared for departure. The mooring clamps are locked and l won't release them. l suggest you change your mind. l'm taking aft thrusters to one half. Captain, cut your engines before you rip your ship apart. He's not reducing power. l'm ordering you to stand down. Your orders are no concern of mine. My entire crew has been confined to your hospital. l must leave now, while l can still function. l understand that you're frightened, but you're better off here. You don't want to be alone and get hit by the virus. Don't worry about me. l'm fine. And l plan to stay that way. And if you think you're go... We'll have to retract the clamps. Once he's clear of the station we can grab him with a tractor beam. - Damn. - What's wrong? The mooring clamps are not retracting. His aft isolation plate buckled. His main power core's been ruptured. lf the internal fuel cells collapse the whole ship will explode. And take half the docking ring with it. Computer, isolate a com line to the llvian Medical Complex Administrator's office. - Line isolated. - Scan office for life-forms. One life-form present. Lock on and stand by to transport. - This is Dr Surmak. - Hello again, Doctor. Just checking to see you're in your office. l have nothing to say to you... Hello again, Doctor. This is outrageous. l demand you return me to my office immediately. Relax, you won't be gone long. Try to reestablish visual contact with Jaheel's ship. His com lines are down. Bypass communications through a secondary grid. See if you can switch to external pickups. Got it. His fire control systems don't appear to be working. We have about 15 minutes before the fuel cells collapse. l hope you feel better than you look. Must be that damn virus. This is Sisko. Any personnel who can understand what l'm saying, come to Ops. We need help. We have to get that ship from the station. Why don't we explode the mooring clamps? The blast should push the ship away. We'll have to get down there and blow it manually. - l'll do it. - All right. You can cross barrels. - All job appalled. - What was that? Bread... the arrive... seen earlier. l see. Major, this is kidnapping. Turn this ship around or you will spend the rest of your life in Kran-Tobal Prison. Fine. But first, we need your help. The aphasia virus is spreading through the station. - Why come to me? - Didn't you help create the virus? l had practically nothing to do with it. Dekon Elig created the virus. l was his medical assistant. That seems like a lifetime ago now. l was only in the underground for six months before we were captured. - l am not responsible for this. - l am not blaming anyone! - All l want is the antidote. - l don't know of any antidote. lf Dekon created one, he never told me. Listen, Surmak. l have a station full of dying people and you are the closest thing there is to an expert on this virus. l sympathise, Major, but l don't think l can help you. All right. - Then how about helping yourself? - Meaning what? Meaning... l've been infected with your virus, Doctor... so now you're infected, too. To anyone who can hear me, this is Odo. Sisko's infected. l could really use some help here in Ops. - Do l detect a note of panic in your voice? - Quark. Am l to believe that you're volunteering to help? Who said anything about volunteering? We can haggle over price later. - Now... how may l be of use? - l need to get to docking port five now. That ship's going to explode in five minutes. - l'll beam you over. - You? Relax. l served on a Ferengi freighter for eight years. All right. l must have witnessed the procedure hundreds of times. You mean to say you never handled the controls yourself? Energising. Kira to Ops. Approaching landing pad seven. lnitiating docking procedure. Welcome back. l could use some help up here. Quark, what are you doing in Ops? First thing l need to see is your doctor's viral characterisation research. He was developing an antidote series. Let's look at that. Listen, Doctor, l'll be in Ops. lf you need me, use this string impact. Lot show red intense. l think you'd better sit down, Major. - Dog fellow distance. - Tell me about it. Odo, you'd better hurry up. That ship will explode in one minute. Virum protein sheath. Nucleotide sequence. Yes. That's right. lt's an adaptive, synaptic inhibitor. Dekon was brilliant. No doubt of that. l think we've found your antidote, Major. 40 seconds. - 30 seconds. Hurry! - l know, l know. 20 seconds! Ten seconds! Odo? Quark to Odo. You still with us? Try not to sound too disappointed. Now, about that little matter of my hazard pay. Come on. Come on. Station Log, Stardate 46425.8. With the help of Dr Bashir's notes Dr Surmak was able to find an antidote for the aphasia virus. We are continuing to administer it throughout the station and things are returning to normal. - Good to have you back, Chief. - Thank you, sir. Coffee, black. O'Brien! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 