America Unearthed: Season 4, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America Unearthed 
 s4e8 - Chicago's Mystery Bomber - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America Unearthed (2012–…): Season 4, Episode 8 - Chicago's Mystery Bomber - full transcript 
 Scott Wolter teams up with the FBI's explosives unit to puzzle out the identity of the man who threw the bomb at the infamous Haymarket Rally in Chicago in 1886. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 In 1607, 104 englishmen sailed to america's east coast And began the first successful british colony in the new world. But 40 years earlier, New England almost started somewhere else... On america's west coast. And the treasure meant to bankroll it... Has never been found. But new evidence says we've been looking in the wrong place. The history that we were all taught growing up is wrong. My name is scott wolter, and I'm a forensic geologist. There's a hidden history in this country that nobody knows about. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There are pyramids here, chambers, tombs, inscriptions. They're all over this country. We're gonna investigate these artifacts and sites, And we're gonna get to the truth. Sometimes, history isn't what we've been told. AMERICA UNEARTHED - SEASON 4 EP - 8 - Drake's Lost Treasure I just received footage from a researcher in california Named robert stupack That shows his efforts to find a lost treasure buried By 16th century english explorer sir francis drake. Many believe drake hid a treasure Somewhere on america's west coast, And robert has spent years searching for it. Now he has a new clue, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And he needs my geologic expertise To figure out if it could lead to millions In plundered spanish gold and riches. He wants to meet at point reyes, Which is one place some people think Drake may have landed his ship to make repairs. The first english settlement in the new world Was founded in jamestown, virginia in 1607. But 30 years before that, sir francis drake Tried to establish a colony called new England Somewhere on the west coast. It's rumored he was also on a secret mission For the queen of England to find a fabled route back to europe Called the northwest passage. We know drake made it to the west coast. Exactly where he landed and possibly buried treasure Is debated by historians today. But in 2012, the u.S. Department of the interior Designated point reyes As the place where drake came ashore. - How you doing? - Fine. So, where are we headed? Follow me. You know, it's kind of amazing to think that sir francis drake May have walked on this very ground right here, Where he supposedly landed over 400 years ago. If he really did bury a treasure out here Somewhere along the ocean, We should find it fast Because things are just changing fast. We've got sea level rise going on. We've got all kinds of erosion. Whatever clues he may have left behind could be gone soon. Well, out here at the beach, The landscape is always changing. I've always admired drake. This is a guy who was the first person Ever to circumnavigate the globe and survive. Magellan did it, but he didn't survive. Now, he did follow magellan's route down the southern tip Of south america up the western coast, And he was pillaging ships and villages And amassed a huge treasure. Some people think that he fixed his boat here And then buried some of that treasure. I worked in the investment business for a long time, And I think that probably today it'd be worth about $9 million. Wow. Inventories taken upon drake's return from the americas In 1580 show a huge trove of treasure... At least 20 tons of silver, five boxes of gold, And huge quantities of valuable pearls. But letters by the queen's advisors Suggest that wasn't all of what he pillaged and plundered. He may also have had english shillings with him, If the money was to be used for a british settlement. The queen's letters say that a portion of the treasure Was landed secretly. Could it have been left for a planned british settlement? That treasure that is believed to have been left here by drake, That he didn't bring back to England... The question is, where is that treasure now? I believe he buried it and planned to come back And dig it up. I'd like to take you right over here and show you something. If drake did bury treasure, It wouldn't have been the first time. In 1573, six years before he sailed up our west coast, Drake raided some french ships off the coast of panama And took 200,000 pieces of eight worth approximately $5 million today. There was too much to carry, So drake buried some of the treasure on the beach, Planning to return to collect it later. Here's the landmark. It says that francis drake Landed right here and repaired his boat. This is what history says is the place. I don't believe that he landed out here. Why do you think that? I have the inset of the hondius broadside map of 1595. So, I recognize this as the hondius map, And it was basically created from the entries From drake's expedition. Cartographer jodocus hondius Created the hondius map in 1595 to publicize Drake's unprecedented journey around the world to create New albion or new England. But what robert stupack is telling me Is that while people assume this map is of point reyes, It isn't. I took a look at this map, And I actually think it matches the positions Of san francisco bay right near san quentin prison. And that's where you think drake landed? Yes, I do. San quentin is roughly an hour east from here At drake's bay by land, and longer by sea. It matters where drake actually landed During his voyage in 1579, because it's a good bet That his where his famed treasure might be buried. I found a hole in a rock where I believe they passed a rope And tied up the ships, right near san quentin prison. - You mean a mooring stone hole? - Yes. Well, I have a little experience with those. And if you have a mooring stone hole, I'd like to see it. Holes cut in rocks have been used For tying up ships for centuries. Ancient hawaiian fishermen tethered canoes to them, And similar pierced stones have been found in pompeii, Italy dating to around 62 a.D. But the hole robert has to show me Is somewhere a bit more unexpected. San quentin is california's oldest prison, Having opened in 1854. But before it was a maximum-security prison, The land was known as point quentin, Named after a native american warrior with the same name. Hey, we called ahead to get permission To look at the rock on the beach with the hole in it. Oh, you're scott. Yeah. Welcome to san quentin. We'll let you in. That was really nice of those authorities To let us in here at san quentin prison. I mean, rarely do people wanna get in like us. - They're trying to get out. - They sure are. There's a lot of famous people that were in here, And I can't help but think about them. Johnny cash sang here, But probably the most famous inmate Who was here for a long time was... Charles manson. - He just died last year. - Right. But hundreds of years before them, Drake may have even walked these beaches. And I think I know where he tied up his boat To prevent it from slipping out into the bay. There it is. Let's take a look inside there. You know, this thing has a couple of rocks in here. But it looks like it goes back quite a ways. How far back do you think that goes? It goes all the way through to the other side. I also see some weathering here. And normally, that would indicate age. But not here, and I'll tell you why. You see, this rock, This is a very soft sandstone. - You see this white stuff? - Yeah. Can you guess what that might be? Could be quartz. Well, it looks like quartz. But I don't think it is. I think it's calcite. Calcite in this rock would be a telltale sign That this stone hole doesn't date back to the time of drake. Calcite is soft and erodes quickly, And a hole like this would be much more weathered In the four-and-a-half centuries since drake was here. The way we can tell is by using hydrochloric acid. This is dilute hydrochloric acid. And when I drop I on here, if it fizzes, it's calcite. It's fizzing on the white. That's calcite. So that's soft. And you'll notice how the white is actually standing out? It's probably modern. The weathering, for sure, is not old. Okay. I don't think it's connected to drake. The other problem is that it's perfectly round, Which means it was drilled with a mechanical drill. They didn't have that back in drake's day. What else makes you think that drake landed right here? I've got a lot more up at my place. Let's see what you got. - Come on in. - All right. Thanks. How did you get into all of this, And what led to this discovery here? One day I was talking to a neighbor, And he said that the treasure of sir francis drake Is buried around my neighborhood. What I did was I started out digging in my own yard. I dug down as far as 36 feet below the ground. - 36 feet? - 36 feet. - It's a long way down. - What'd you find? There were numerous booby traps, And not unlike "raiders of the lost ark." And what kind of booby traps? Several collapsing rooms where you took out one stone And the whole room would collapse around you. There was a flooding tunnel Designed to drown the person who went in for the treasure. You may have hit some aquifers that were filling with water. Especially if it's saturated, you can just pull one stone out And it'll slough down. But I'd have to see it to know for sure. Well, unfortunately, I filled everything in And I don't own the property anymore. Robert's video proves that he clearly Did an extensive search on his property for treasure. He shows me some of his other finds, Including what he thought were gemstones Before I told him otherwise, But nothing that looks like treasure to me. The biggest clue he shows me to where the treasure might be Is a journal about drake's expedition To the american west coast. "the world encompassed" is a diary of the voyage Of the circumnavigation voyage of sir francis drake. Within the diary, it says that they created this plaque And before he left, they nailed it to a grey post. Oh, you're talking about the drake plate. - The drake plate, exactly. - Okay. The drake plate of brass is an artifact That was originally found Along the shores of drake's bay in 1933 By a chauffeur who brought it to his boss. They decided it was worthless, And discarded it along a roadside. Three years later in 1936, the plate was rediscovered By a shop clerk named beryle shinn, Who was picnicking when he stumbled upon the plate. The plate was interpreted as A possible legitimate land claim, Which would've given control of what is now california To England, not Spain, in the 16th century. However, in the 1970s, scientific testing Suggested that the plate was a fake. Today, its provenance remains controversial. But I think new testing could shed new light. I believe that the plate that was found in 1936 Was the authentic plate. The plaque itself says, "I claim this land in the name of queen elizabeth," And the date on the plaque is June 17, 1579. I am really interested in the plaque. I wanna see if this thing is real or fake. And the only way to do that is to see it myself. A lot is riding on whether the drake plate is a modern hoax Or an authentic artifact laid down as an english land claim. If England had control of california before Spain later Claimed it as their own, Then that would force a rewrite of the history books And be a clue to where the treasure is buried. When it was found in 1936, The plate was given to The bancroft library at berkeley, Where it still is today. This is the plate of brass. The key sections of the plate read... Where was it found? Tell me about that. It was found in '36 by a man named beryle shinn. He found it someplace in marin county in the area That is now called greenbrae, near san quentin. And as he looked at it, he began to be able To read a word or two. May be drake. And they said, "you should take this to berkeley, Because they know everything about these antiquities." And he took it to herbert eugene bolton, Who was then the director of the bancroft library. Herbert bolton was instantly fascinated With the legend of the plate. He had been telling students for a long time that he plate Drake left had to be out there somewhere, And to look for it in marin county. When it was found, no one was more excited than him... Though he was careful who he told about the discovery. Bolton, in early '37, spread the word quietly Because if this was real, It would've been extraordinarily important. From the standpoint of american history, The authenticity of this plate is huge. And I don't think it can be overstated. That's why it's so important To really try to get a better sense of what this is. They did very sophisticated metallurgical test of it, And they concluded that it seemed to be genuine. In the early '70s, we had new ways of testing And we knew that oxford could do metallurgical examination Of nuclear components, and decided to have it tested. There are things in this brass that surprised them. It has much more zinc in it than was true of the brasses Of the 16th century that they found. A higher zinc content. If this is an authentic land-claim plaque That drake put here in the late 16th century, This is a priceless object. - Right? This thing was originally thought, at first, To be authentic. And then later on in the '70s, It was considered to be a hoax, right? That's correct. There was controversy About authenticity from the very beginning. There are certainly people who believe that it was a prank. Did anybody confess to that? Not exactly, but members of this fraternal order e clampus vitus Could've been doing a hoax. The e clampus vitus fraternity Has been around since 1845. Some of the members had the motto that they were "dedicated to the erection of historical plaques, And having a grand time." That's basically been taken to mean they both Set up historical plaques but also committed hoaxes. I'm not saying it didn't happen, But it really falls into the category of hearsay. I've always thought that there was a little bit More work to be done. Looking at this plate, I think so, too. Just like new science in the 1970s overturned results In the 1930s that suggested the plate was real, Science in the 21st century Could tip the scales back in favor of authenticity. Would it be possible to take a look at this thing, To take it out? I've got a portable microscope. I'd love to take a closer look at this. Yeah, let's do that. I wanna look at how the lines were made, The edges for cut marks, the surface for indentations, Scratches, anything that might tell us how it was made. That's really interesting. You can see the sharp edge here. Using the microscope to find the edges of letters Carved onto the plate means that I can look For telltale buildups of all kinds of material. If there's a lot of material in the grooves Where the carving was made, Then it could indicate advanced age... As would patina, a film caused by oxidation That only develops on materials like metal Over a long period of time. There's a lot of secondary material Or the patina, that's developed. It goes all the way down into the grooves. The scratches were there previously. And then the patina developed on top of it. Peter, look at that. Look down in the groove. I can't believe what I'm seeing! As I look at this, I see that two-part patina... The lighter color that's in contact with the metal, The darker material that's on top. Patina develops on objects over time. And the darker it is, The longer it's been exposed to carbon in soil... Potentially 450 years, which would be consistent With sir francis drake's voyage. But perhaps more importantly, I don't think it could be a hoax. This doesn't look fake to me. I have seen what I consider to be some really good things... Things that tell me this might actually be An authentic artifact. This could be one of the most important historical artifacts In the history of the united states. If francis drake placed this plaque, as it says in 1579, This served as the basis for the british to come over here And claim the whole continent. I think it was possibly this plate that started it all. While chemical testing was conducted in the 1970s, It left open to interpretation the age of the artifact. One scientist was inclined toward a modern forgery, But said the results should not be taken As evidence of modernity. Drake's own records mention That he laid down a plate of brass, And no other plates that fit the description Have ever been found. Advances in testing equipment Have come a long way since the 1970s. So if I can prove that this is legit, It might prove key to finding Where drake's treasure was buried. I implored the museum to let me conduct more scientific testing, Including non-destructive x-ray fluorescents That can examine the plate's composition in detail. And while peter hanff was in favor of it, Library authorities ultimately denied me permission repeatedly. In writing, they said... I wonder if maybe they don't want the truth About drake's treasure to be found, Which they agree is valuable. By one account, the amount of treasure he amassed On that voyage Was equal to half the income of the queen for the year. So it was a lot of money. To find out more about drake's treasure And more about that voyage, I'm going to England because I wanna find out Exactly what drake brought there to better understand What he might've left here. Drake sailed aboard the golden hinde, A galleon from England towards south america In search of treasure. It was a perilous voyage. He originally set sail with five ships and 164 men, But many of the men died and all but the hinde were lost. Six months into the journey off the coast of argentina, Drake accused his co-commander of mutiny And had him beheaded For questioning the motive of his mission, And fearing he was a spanish spy sent aboard To stop drake from plundering countries Spain controlled. The golden hinde made it back to England, And a replica of that vessel exists today Along the river thames. I'm meeting the ship's owner, roddy coleman, To learn more about drake's ship, How much treasure it could hold, And a modern-day trip it took to the u.S. - May I come aboard? - Of course. Come on. Okay. This is a beautiful ship. I'm looking into the history of francis drake And his circumnavigation of the world. And this ship, has it gone to the west coast Of north america near california? She has. Twice, she's been there... On the initial circumnavigation, And then she returned and we went to vancouver. Wow. So, tell me a little bit about this. Well, she's a galleon. Her style is galleon, so she has three masts And she has five levels of deck. What's in that door there? You wanna... Well, let me take you and I'll show you. Okay. Oh, wow. Is this where they kept the treasure? The treasure would be here, But of course it would be below where we are now. They'd lift the boards up, discard the stones... right. ...The ballast that was destabilizing the ship... And replace it with the gold and the silver. Heading back up top, I'm thinking about something I learned. "forbes" magazine lists sir francis drake As the second-richest pirate of all time Based on the treasure he brought back to England. But he would be first if you add the millions more in gold And gems robert stupack and other treasure hunters Believe he left behind on the west coast, Knocking the current leader... Black sam bellamy of the caribbean... down a notch. It was a money-making mission. Drake had investors, and he had proved himself as a privateer... So a licensed pirate. And so he set off to gain riches. The hinde was a ship That he obtained prior to his circumnavigation. Some historians wonder if the queen of England May have tasked drake with another mission Besides claiming land... A mission to seek out the northwest passage, The long-rumored route from the atlantic to the pacific Through the islands of northern canada. European rulers had been seeking the fabled passage As a trade route to china for decades before drake's journey. King henry vii sent italian navigator John cabot in search of it in 1497, And spanish explorer Juan rodriguez cabrillo tried to find it in 1540. If that's what drake was doing, It would've taken him north of california And means we've been looking for treasure in the wrong place. What route did they take? How did they navigate? Where did they go? Well, they set off and the crew Didn't know what the mission was about. But they sailed south down through the atlantic And then through what are now the straits of magellan... So not around cape horn, but just slightly above that... And then up the west coast. And that took them up to california and possibly beyond. I wanna ask you about the treasure specifically. I know a lot of it was brought back here to the u.K., But some people say that drake kept some of that treasure And hid it in what is now california. I mean, obviously, california is somewhere That a lot of people think he landed. There is drake's bay just north of san francisco. But, of course, further north you have other claims At such places like whale cove. Whale cove? That's in oregon. Francis drake heading north to oregon Would've made a lot of sense If he was also on a secret mission To look for the northwest passage. But it means treasure hunters like robert stupack May have been looking in the wrong place. This fabled route from the pacific To the north atlantic Is something that american explorers Like lewis and clark sought, too, Because it could've greatly expanded trade. One thing I know for sure is that whale cove And its churning seas Have a lot of legends about pirates and lost treasure. And one archeologist thinks there's no doubt Sir francis drake made it here. Whey do you think it is that drake And his travels here are so important to history? Why do we care? Look, this was way before plymouth rock, Way before roanoke island. This was the moon shot of its time. The one thing that everybody agrees on Is that he did land somewhere on the west coast here. They just don't agree on where that was. Let's just assume that drake did land here. I don't think there's any question that his ship Was loaded with treasure. - So you think it was here? - I think it was here. His ship was leaking, so he needed a sandy beach That was well-protected from breakers So that he could careen the ship and completely lay it over. Melissa and I do a quick check to confirm Drake's 80-foot ship would've fit here. 80 feet, there's plenty of room here. It could've been done. And it could, But I wanna know if she's got more evidence. What else makes you think that drake landed here? He came in, according to one of the accounts, At 48 degrees north where he saw some snow-capped mountains. That fits the olympic peninsula. According to records published By the queen of England, Drake only got to 38 degrees latitude Which is near san francisco. But drake himself wrote that he made it to 48 degrees, Which is oregon. Melissa has her own interpretation Of the same new albion map that robert stupack believed To be the area of california near san quentin. She thinks it shows whale cove. I think the shape of the cove matches the maps that he drew, And there's no other cove on this part of the coast That fits that shape. So can we take a look at that map? Okay. So if we orient it this way to kind of lay it out as we're... We're standing right here, right? - Exactly. - Okay. Now, this peninsula here is this jetty of rock, Which is basalt... A very strong, durable rock. And we have more of it on the other side, Which is creating the opening to the bay here. Now, on this side, we have sandstone. That's not nearly as strong as this rock, But yet, it's still pretty strong. Geologically, 440 years ago is like yesterday. So from the perspective of how did this bay look 440 years ago, It probably looked exactly like this. Let's just assume that drake did land here. Some people believe some of that treasure May have been left here on the west coast. If drake's ship was in here, There might be evidence out in the water. Melissa says this cove was hit by a tsunami in the 1700s, So there's no evidence on the sea floor. But there is some evidence that she tells me about, Just a little further up the coast. It's a collection of carved rocks That are thought to be connected to drake, Known as the treasure rocks of neahkahnie mountain. In this area of oregon, there are a lot of legends About shipwrecks and missing treasure. Treasure seekers have dug so much around here That the state had to ban digging in the 1970s, Which is bad news for me, meaning I can't dig, either. But I think drake's treasure could be the origin For these legends, And I'm hoping to find a way to crack the mystery Of where it could be another way By starting with a rock carved with a strange clue. - Hey, guys. - Hey. Hey. You claim to have some evidence that francis drake Made it up here to oregon, in the form of an artifact And something on-site in the woods here, right? - We do, yeah. - Okay. Something very tangible. We've got it in the car. Wow, look at this. Oh, wow. It's called the measurement rock. It looks like it's been working, and there's line that goes here, And it goes all the way around here. This rock and many others like it were first discovered Scattered around neahkahnie mountain In the 1870s. The rocks bear strange carvings including crosses, A five-pointed star inside a pentagon, And other symbols that have puzzled archeologists For decades, but are likely modern. I don't think the same can be said for this rock. It's the line that's carved all the way around this stone That could connect it to sir francis drake. That line measures 36 inches, which is the english yard. So from here to here to here is 36 inches? Yes. The english yard is a unitive measurement Dating back to king henry I in the 12th century, And we use as it as a standard three-foot unit of measure Here and in britain today. Tom and garry believe this rock was a crude tool That drake and his crew used to measure lengths of rope In english yards, Which could, in turn, have been used to survey the area. But is this carved rock really that old? The true test is with the hand lens. This has clearly been worked by man. This is a manmade groove, and this is weathered. - Yeah. - This is old. It looks like it could very well go back to drake's time. - Where'd that come from? - On a cairn over here. - You know what a cairn is? - I sure do. It's basically a pile of rocks, and they can be of varying sizes And they were often used as survey points. It was under a huge tree root, And that tree was 150, 200 years old. The tree grew on top of the cairn. While native tribes in oregon Are known to build rock cairns, Garry and tom think that the way the tree roots Grew over this rock with an english measurement Is evidence that it dates to the time of drake. If so, the cairns may be a clue To the pirate's treasure being here. There was a number of piles of rocks All through this county here. - Mm-hmm. As it turns out, there was a pattern. So you're saying these stone cairns, These carved rocks, are associated With drake's land claim? - They all tie together. - Okay. On that map render, it's showing triangulation. This was a survey, and that's the reason Why they left these cairns. In the 1970s, a mathematician plotted out Where all the stones were found. Garry thinks the layout of these stones Means they were left as surveyor marks by francis drake, And is proof he was here claiming land for England. But I think this could be something else, as well. Do you think it may be marking treasure? A survey that marked treasure? Well, there certainly are a lot of people That endorse your thoughts, because this mountain is riddled With holes from treasure seekers. I'd like to see where it came from. Is there any chance we could see this cairn? We'd be glad to take you down there and show you. Okay. Well, let's do it. Okay. Here we are, scott. - Wow. - That's a lot of rock. Yeah. And it's all spread out like this. How tall was this cairn originally? - One, two-foot tall. - Right. It was two feet, yeah. The fact that it's not still two feet tall And it's all knocked down like this Is what I was hoping to see... - Sure. ...Because if this cairn was still in good condition It would tell me that it probably isn't that old. But what I see here really looks good. Could this be 400 years old? It absolutely could. I think that this cairn could definitely Have been associated with drake Because the first settlers came here in the late 1800s. - Right. - This is way before that. So it's either native american, Which I don't think that carved stone supports, or drake. Really, the only plausible explanation would be drake. So I think you guys are right. I think drake was here. The question is, what was he doing? Was he burying treasure? Everything does line up, at least in my opinion. Proof that sir francis drake Buried riches somewhere on the west coast Might be found at nearby vancouver island, Where a treasure hunter recently discovered Something very intriguing that might be part of a fortune Drake left behind. So, bruce, I understand you're the guy who found Sir francis drake's treasure. I did find something that may have been left behind By sir francis drake. That's a fact. I have it right here. Awesome. This was a british coin. Where'd you find it? I found it in the gorge, And it's actually a silver shilling. And how'd you find it? I was metal-detecting with a friend one day And I went down while he headed up. And I landed out on the mud flats of the gorge. Wow, look at that. You know, my first impression is it's thin. I guess for some reason, I thought it would be thicker. Do you know how they made these? They hand-stamped them individually With a hammer and a dye. So, what was the date of this? 1551 to 1553. Oh, that's perfect. I mean, just a couple decades later, Drake was on the coast here. You know, this coin is really important. And if there were other coins like this found, That would be interesting to hear about. There are three other coins found, All within the general vicinity. Three other british coins? Absolutely, the same date range. That's pretty important. And it could hold the clue, and maybe even the final answer, To what happened to francis drake On his voyage home and the treasure. You know, I have something I wanna show you Back at the car. - Wanna take a look? - Sure. The historical narrative is Drake went north to san francisco bay And point reyes, and then he went straight west. But I don't think that's what happened. I think what happened is he was loaded with treasure And he was heading north. And when he found san francisco bay, He was gonna explore it. And then, he wanted to get back home, right? He wanted to bring this treasure. And the quickest way to do it would be to go north And go through the northwest passage, A shortcut, if you will, back home. - Fabled route. - Absolutely. So I think what he did is he kept going north. Now, I think he probably stopped at whale cove. That's where he repaired his boat. And after he carved these stones, He went north up to the sound here, around vancouver island. He headed east, and he quickly realized, "this isn't the northwest passage. I can't get home going this way." And then he decided to head west. But you know what I think is The most important piece of evidence That tells us the truth about where drake went And where he probably buried his treasure? No, what's that? Your coin that you found, right here. Maybe, just maybe, Drake's treasure could still be out there. I've seen the drake plate of brass in san francisco Which, though regarded as a fake, May be a real artifact... Something I could prove if they would just let me test it. I also think there's compelling evidence to show That drake may have stopped near the san francisco coast, But also headed further north... Evidenced by discoveries in oregon. And the coin that I've seen that was found on the coast of canada Is evidence to me that drake and his riches are real, And could still be out there. And maybe this discovery means we know Exactly where we should be looking. If you have a mysterious artifact or site I need to see, I want to know about it. Go to travelchannel. Com/ americaunearthed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 