America Unearthed: Season 4, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America Unearthed 
 s4e6 - The Spy Who Saved America - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America Unearthed (2012–…): Season 4, Episode 6 - The Spy Who Saved America - full transcript 
 A mysterious female spy helped George Washington defeat the British in the revolutionary war, but her identity is a mystery to this day. Scott Wolter works to uncover her identity and help her take her place in the history books. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 November 17, 1776. The declaration of independence was issued Just four months ago, And britain is waging war. General george washington is in full retreat. He and his 5,000 men are forced from new york By a british army of 40,000. How he manages to overcome these odds And win america's freedom is one Of the greatest accomplishments in military history. But it's also one of our nation's 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Greatest unsolved mysteries, Involving a spy who operated in the shadows And whose actions meant the difference Between winning and losing our independence. Which of three women was the elusive agent 355 Has been a debate for centuries. But that ends today. The history that we were all taught growing up is wrong. My name is scott wolter, and I'm a forensic geologist. There's a hidden history in this country That nobody knows about. There are pyramids here, chambers, tombs, inscriptions. They're all over this country. We're gonna investigate these artifacts and sites, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And we're gonna get to the truth. Sometimes, history isn't what we've been told. AMERICA UNEARTHED - SEASON 4 EP - 6 - The Spy Who Saved America I'm on my way to new york city on a quest to unmask The identity of george washington's secret spy, A female agent known only as 355, Thanks to an e-mail I got just days ago From a former spy herself. Valerie plame? Valerie plame had to leave the cia back in 2003 When a senior member of the bush administration blew her cover. Her e-mail to me said she's working on Identifying george washington's covert operative. Hello? - Hello, valerie? - Yes, this is she. This is scott wolter. I just got your e-mail, and I have to say, I'm very intrigued. I'm definitely interested in george washington. I'm part of the same fraternal brotherhood Of freemasonry that he was. Well, I'm familiar with some of your work, And I thought this might be right up your alley. Well, I think it is up my alley, And I am familiar with agent 355. I know she was part Of george washington's culper spy ring During the revolutionary war. And my understanding is she's the only one That was part of that, that's never been identified. That's right. General george washington devised the culper spy ring As a way to outwit the british During our fight for independence. This team of five men and one woman would steal intelligence From british-occupied new york and funnel it To george washington at his headquarters in new jersey. Today, the ring is considered the prototype for the cia. I've actually narrowed down the suspects to three women, And I think you'll find them all pretty interesting. Can you come to new york? Valerie, this sounds very intriguing And it sounds like fun. I'll see you there. Figuring out who 355 is would give this agent A place in the history books and help us understand more About how america won its freedom. She's credited as being the spy Who exposed benedict arnold's plot to betray washington, Making his name synonymous with the word "traitor." Many people, including myself, believe that without her, We wouldn't have won the revolutionary war. I'm wondering if valerie plame, as a former cia spy, Might have clues to the case That can't be found in the public record. We're meeting near east drive in central park, A place that's front and center in this mystery. Valerie? - Scott. - Good to meet you. - Nice to meet you. - You know what? George washington is a hero of mine, But nobody does these things alone. I kind of like the idea Of trying to figure out who 355 was. I'm up for the job. Good. Let's bring her out from the shadows. I like that. The culper spy ring. I do know that they gathered intelligence About british troop movements primarily around new york city. But I'm gonna need some clues, I'm gonna need some help. Well, have you heard about the battle of brooklyn? I have. I general george washington really got hammered. I mean, he lost that battle, But more importantly, he lost new york city. And that became the central base for the british, And that was a big problem. Washington called new york city the "hinge" of the colonies, Where the balance of power could swing For or against the patriots. After submitting the declaration of independence, He predicted it would be the crown's first target, And he was right. After a surprise attack, which would leave Over 1,000 of washington's men killed or captured, His troops were forced to retreat under cover of fog, Right past where we're standing in central park. Washington himself was the last man to leave, And it was after this he got the idea For the culper spy ring. It was a huge defeat for him, Because after he lost that battle, He came to realize that he needed to use Every tool in his toolbox, Not just might, to defeat the british. Yes, including espionage. This spy ring was so integral to washington's efforts, They've often been credited with winning the war. Let me show you something. Here are all the men. They're all known in the spy ring. We know their names. We don't know the name of the one female. In addition to revealing benedict arnold's treason, Agent 355 exposed a plot by the british To funnel counterfeit bills into circulation And threaten the economy. And one of her fellow spies wrote to washington To give glowing reviews about her role In delivering intelligence, At a time when women rarely received recognition. Why is it that the one female spy is referenced By a number, 355? - Well, that was their code. It meant "female" or "lady," and I think it's time That we put her name in the history books. I'm looking forward to seeing What tricks you have up your sleeve. Let's meet tomorrow, 0800 hours. We'll drive right in. - I'll see you in the morning. To be a spy conjures images of enviable gadgets, Fancy cars, and martinis shaken, not stirred. Washington's spies had none of that, Slogging through new york city When it was british-held territory With nothing but a good cover story To protect them if they were caught. It wasn't until world war I and ii That more high-tech tools came into play, Like the one valerie wants to show me. I want to show you the enigma machine. This is what the british used to decode nazi codes. The british code breakers Were able to get a copy of the nazi enigma machine... Mm-hmm. ...And be able to reverse engineer it. Right, right. The nazis never knew that the british had their codes. - The whole war? - The entire war. Codes were front and center to the culper spies Over a century earlier, too, including agent 355. But there were no machines like this. The agents encoded information stolen from the redcoats, Then risked their lives smuggling it Through british lines to deliver it to washington Using an intricate chain of custody I started working out back at my lab. But I'm here to learn more about it. So, they were occupying... The british... new york city. This is where everything was being compiled. So, the first link in the chain was a shopkeeper In new york city named robert townsend. He would collect intelligence, Things like british troop movements, And then he would take that intelligence And put it into a report to washington using secret ink. He would collect the information, his goods, And then he would head out. The next link in the chain Was a gentleman named austin roe. Austin roe had a bar in long island, And he would come into new york city, Buying supplies for his bar, And that would give him cover to visit robert townsend. He would travel 55 miles on horseback From new york city to setauket, long island, And we would deposit the report with invisible ink. Now we have it here, it's picked up by woodhull. Exactly. Abraham woodhull, one of the most trusted agents In washington's spy ring. Caleb brewster... He would take the package, Row it across the sound to connecticut. And then there was somebody waiting for him On the other side. Someone named benjamin tallmadge. He was the leader of the culper spy ring. He would take the package from brewster And give it directly to george washington At his headquarters in new jersey. Now here's the big question. We have one more person... 355. What role did they play in this, And what link in the chain did 355 play? It turns out valerie managed to get her hands on Exactly the clue I need To figure out what she did and who she was. Valerie jotted down the contents of an actual cryptic message Passed between the spies. That's part of a letter from woodhull to tallmadge. "29, 15th, 1779. "I intend to visit 727 before long "and think by the assistance of a 355 of my acquaintance. Shall be able to outwit them all." I know 355 is our elusive female agent. But who, or what, is 727? And I have something that I think will help explain it. A coded message between two members Of george washington's culper spy ring on August 15, 1779, Is the only clue I have to solve a 240-year-old mystery... Who was agent 355, The female spy who was critical to america's victory Over the british in the revolutionary war? "29, 15th, 1779. "I intend to visit 727 before long "and think by the assistance of a 355 of my acquaintance. Shall be able to outwit them all." Can you help me with those numbers? I have something that I think will help explain it. A blank piece of paper? Could this be invisible ink? At george washington's specific request, The spy ring created a special invisible ink Called a sympathetic stain. It was sympathetic in that it would only reveal The truth of the coded message to the one with A special reagent to apply to the letter. Invisible ink dates back more than 2,000 years And was first used by the greeks and the romans. During the revolutionary war, george washington created A unique formula of invisible ink For notes being passed that required the application Of a very specific chemical used in tanning animal hides To make the ink appear. The culper spy ring would've used ferrous sulfate To make their invisible ink visible, But we're gonna use a black light. Oh. Okay. Well, this looks like a code book. It is. It's part of the culper spy ring's code book. In order to keep their vital information secret, The spies created a code book of 763 numbers Representing words, names, and places. Using the code book, the message about agent 355 becomes clear. 29 is August, While 727... New york, okay. - Mm-hmm. And 355 means "lady." So abraham woodhull was going to travel to new york Where he was going to meet with a female agent, 355, For some purposes of espionage. That's right. In August 1779, New york city was probably the most dangerous place In the country for a patriot spy, But it's also a big clue to agent 355's identity. Whoever she was, she had access to the city at a time When british soldiers were in control and around every corner And also had their eyes on an even bigger prize... The strategic fort at west point, Further north on the hudson river. I have no doubt that 355 played an important role, But what specifically was she given credit for? She would've been privy to intelligence that exposed Benedict arnold's plot to take over west point. Losing west point, that would've divided and conquered us. For 355 to have played a key role in those things, I mean, you cannot overstate the importance in the role That this person played, and I think it's important That we figure out who this person is. I would say there are three strong candidates. Okay. There's anna strong... Her friends called her nancy... And she lived out on long island. The second is a known patriot, elizabeth burgin. And the third is peggy shippen arnold. As in benedict arnold? Yes. Wife of benedict. So, let me see if I understand this. You're saying that peggy arnold Was working behind the back of her husband, benedict arnold, For washington? - Possibly. - I find it ironic That benedict arnold was playing washington When his wife may have been playing him. Before he became a traitor, Benedict arnold was one of the continental army's Most successful field officers Until he took two shots to the leg, Which left him with a noticeable limp And took him out of combat And earned him a battle memorial. Washington gave him command of the fort at west point, But arnold considered the post a slap in the face. When the british offered him £20,000, Or $3.65 million in today's cash, To hand over west point, he accepted. That actually makes a lot of sense. She'd be in a perfect position to spy on her own husband. And privy to all that information. I think I'm gonna start with her. I always assumed that benedict arnold's wife peggy Would have been in on her husband's treason And never considered she could have been agent 355. Could she really have been working behind benedict's back? I think the answer may lie in some letters peggy wrote That historians have been scrutinizing for decades. I'm bringing those letters to the person Who probably knows peggy arnold better than anyone else... Allison pataki. She's the author of "the traitor's wife," A historical novel based on peggy's real life, And if anyone can help me figure out if peggy was 355, it's her. Well, I'm here looking into washington's culper spy ring And specifically agent 355. Apparently, she tipped off washington to benedict arnold. In this case, if it's peggy, Her husband's plan to turn over west point to the british... Yes. Yes. ...I mean, that would've been devastating. You cannot overstate the significance Of how disastrous a blow this would have been To the american cause. West point was referred to by george washington As the key to the continent. Because of its location on the hudson river, If the british gained control of west point, They could use the river to divide the colonies in two And weaken the american forces. One of the things I'd like to touch on here is, There's a couple of interesting letters that I found. These are fascinating keys here In the search for agent 355 And in considering the role that peggy might have played. These letters were just mundane notes that she wrote. But then, underneath, in invisible ink, Was a cipher code, written by benedict arnold, That was outlining very treasonous, More nefarious content. Peggy wrote her letters to john andré. He was the british spymaster And the one who talked benedict into betraying the u.S. Peggy appeared to be more than close friends with andré Before the war began. Some say they were a couple, a romantic pair. When the british occupied philadelphia During the early years of the american revolution, Peggy lived there with her family As a young woman of 16, 17, 18 years old. She and john andré were constantly together. We have records of drawings that he made of her. He did this beautiful pencil engraving of her That still exists. He wrote her love letters. So peggy spends the early years of the war Mingling with the highest levels of british society. When the british get driven out of philadelphia And the patriots come in, in 1778, Benedict arnold is installed As the military governor of philadelphia And immediately begins this really lavish, Extravagant courtship of this beautiful young lady, Peggy shippen arnold, who is, you know, half his age. An interesting rumor is that, Even when john andré left and the british left, She remained loyal to them in her heart And that she, in fact, kept a lock of john andré's hair Until the day she died. If peggy still held a torch for john andré, I can't imagine she could have been working for washington As agent 355 unless she was a woman scorned. Everything that you've said so far, It seems to suggest that she was a loyalist And that's where her allegiance was. What are the points in your mind That make her a good candidate to be 355? She was well-connected with patriots. Her brother-in-law fought for the patriot side. Her uncle was a doctor for the patriot cause. And the real figure is george washington. Peggy met him as a 14-year-old And actually entertained him in her home And was described as having a real reverence for him. And it was certainly mutual. If you take a look at this map here And basically, what it details is the culper spy ring's route. Yeah. And it starts here in new york city, And eventually, messages would get to washington in new jersey. Was peggy in the area when she needed to be To realistically be part of this ring? Peggy, being this most eligible socialite belle, One of the most desired ladies in town From this very high-society family, She would have loved nothing more than to be In new york city, mingling. But instead, they were a full day's ride north, Up the hudson river at west point, Much to her chagrin. And so to think about peggy Going in and out of new york city, It just seems highly unlikely. Unlikely, but not impossible. As the wife of a high-profile general, She had the means to travel and the ability to do so freely, Thanks to her connection to both the patriots and the brits. I need to know more about the other candidates for 355 Before I rule her in or out. She's a very strong candidate, But we still don't know who our hero was. What do you know about a woman named nancy strong? I'm not an expert on her, But if you're looking into agent 355, I think geographically she makes a lot more sense. We know that someone told george washington About benedict arnold's plans to hand over west point, And peggy arnold may have had better access To her husband's plans than anyone. But I'm not sure I can prove She was in the right place at the right time. Anna "nancy" strong, on the other hand, may have been. She lived here, in the small long island town of setauket, Which was home to half Of the culper spy ring's six members, People she was childhood friends with. I'm meeting margo arceri, a setauket native, Who knows a local legend that suggests anna nancy strong Was much more than just a friend of the culper spies. She may have been their lead agent. Well, margo, thank you so much For taking the time with me here. I really appreciate it. - Absolutely. I'm investigating the culper spy ring. What I'm really trying to determine is, Who was agent 355? One of the candidates that I'm looking at Is anna nancy strong. What do you know about her? Most people refer to anna strong as nancy, Especially her close friends and family. She was an ardent patriot, as was her husband. She was also a woman of standing. So she was a high-society woman. Everybody knew who she was, which is sort of the antithesis Of what you would think most spies would be. They tend to hide in the shadows. But on the other hand, maybe being someone out there Is a good way to hide it in plain sight, so to speak. - The perfect cover. - Yeah. I know that the town of setauket Was a key place along this spy ring. Anna nancy strong... What role did she play in the chapter of setauket? I've heard the story from anna smith strong's Great-great-great-granddaughter, kate wheeler strong. But she used to write these little booklets called "the true tales of the early days on long island." mm-hmm. And one of them was about nancy and her magic clothesline. Magic clothesline? What's a magic clothesline? When it comes to revealing the identity Of a patriot spy known only as agent 355, I know peggy arnold had a direct line To her husband, benedict arnold's, Treasonous plans. But I'm learning anna nancy strong Had a so-called magic clothesline She may have used to ensure general george washington Wasn't hung out to dry. What's a magic clothesline? Oh, well, nancy's role in the culper spy ring Was using a clothesline as a form of espionage, As a signal system. Obviously, it was dangerous. The british were everywhere. Long island and new york were occupied From the beginning of the war all the way to the end in 1783. Everywhere you turned, whether it was on the water Or on the land, the british were there. - The redcoats were there. - You had to be careful, Especially if you were a patriot. Well, especially if you're being a spy And you're a patriot. Margo thinks it's a fact that nancy strong Was in the culper spy ring, and takes me outside To nancy's original property to show me why. What a beautiful vantage point. This is the point on the neck That you can see every entrance point to all the waterways. And I actually have a map I can show you a little bit. - Okay. - So we are standing here. - Okay. - This is the lookout point. At a designated time, Anna would stand at this lookout point Overlooking port jefferson harbor With her eyes peeled For longshoreman and spy caleb brewster. He would be coming from connecticut to setauket To pick up coded messages from abraham woodhull. Standing here, she could see which of six coves in the area He was headed to. Anna would stand here, Caleb brewster would come through the channel, And then, depending on which direction his whaleboat headed, Anna would know which cove he was meeting him. - She had to be careful, right? - Yeah. I mean, it was absolutely dangerous. The british took over her manor home. - Okay. - So they were right here. She was actually doing it right under their noses. I mean, wasn't she worried about being discovered? You know, I think they were ardent patriots, And they believed in the cause. I have margo arrange for someone To play the role of caleb brewster In order to help me figure out If this system really could've worked. So there he is, right there. Yep. That's my friend steve. He is in a kayak today. We could not get a whaleboat. And it looks like he's headed to alleged location number 3. Okay. Well, this is really helpful. I mean, I can actually see him heading out there. So she would see which one that he went to. Then what would she do? She'd walk across the property to her cottage So she could set up the signal system. So, let's head over there, and I can show you that. Great. This is where anna's cottage used to be, Around this location. - Okay. And I'll show you where she used to hang the clothesline. - All right. - All right, great. We are looking directly across At abraham woodhull's property and farm. Okay. So she would have hung her clothesline Somewhere around this area, And then she would've signaled to abraham Looking across the bay which location to meet caleb brewster. She would've hung a black petticoat up first. So a black petticoat would have signaled Caleb brewster's arrival in one of the coves to meet. Okay. So, this means "it's on," right? Right. So, that means "it's on." And then the number of handkerchiefs on the line Would've indicated to abraham woodhull Which one of the six coves they should meet. Ah. We saw our friend steve go around to... Cove number 3, right? - Cove number 3. - Okay. So abraham would've looked across right now, And he said, "okay, black petticoat, "so that signals to me that caleb brewster is here. And then 1, 2, 3... I'm gonna go to location 3." - Huh. - So... - Pretty clever. - Yeah. You know what I like about this way of communicating? You build in plausible deniability. Somebody comes over here and is suspicious, You could say, well, "what are you talking about? I'm just hanging out my laundry," right? Laundry. And, well, she had seven kids as well, So there was a lot of laundry to do. I bet there was. Well, I'm curious to see if they could see it With the naked eye or if they needed a spyglass. Okay, well, why don't we head out, and we'll take a look? Okay. This whole thing is just an incredible story. Culper spy abraham woodhull Once lived on this land, Directly across from anna nancy strong. He was the one who passed intelligence to caleb brewster, Who in turn would bring it across long island sound On its way to general george washington. Woodhull's home would've been somewhere up here? Yeah, this was his farm. And as I look across the bay, I can easily see the three handkerchiefs. I can't really see the black petticoat too well. Woodhull might have used something to help him see, Such as a spyglass. This is an exact replica of what they would've used. Okay, so, there's the black petticoat Then three white handkerchiefs. You know what? I can see it. That's a beautiful signal. Pretty ingenious system... Simple, but effective. It worked. I've just proven that a local legend About anna nancy strong coordinating secret meetings Between culper spies abraham woodhull and caleb brewster, The last link in the chain Before messages got to washington, Is not only possible, it's probably true. But does that mean she's the ring's lead spy, agent 355? Not necessarily, but it does go a long way toward Making the case that she was. And her actions definitely helped the patriots win the war. She could've overheard plans about west point From soldiers stationed at the house And all around these bays that caleb brewster Managed to operate in undetected. So, here we are... Cove number 3. Cove number 3. And here comes brewster. Steve paddling along. All right. There you go. Perfect. - All right. Well, you know what? This little experiment that we've done today Has worked perfectly. I mean, how does it make you feel? You're retracing the steps of an american hero, really. Yeah. I mean, it's amazing what they did back in that period of time. If it wasn't for the ring And what these young people had done, We wouldn't have won the war. We'd be drinking tea right now. Sometimes these stories evolve into myths, really, And by the time you hear it, It has nothing to do with reality at all, But this thing actually did take place. She went above and beyond what most people would've done. Do you think anna strong is agent 355? I think there's a strong case for it. Anna likely helped the culper spies Transport intelligence to george washington. That much I can believe. But agent 355 did much more than that. She operated in the lion's den Of british-occupied new york city. Anna had seven kids to look after on her own While her husband was imprisoned by the british. Leaving the kids at home to visit new york city, Which we know agent 355 did on August 15, 1779... The date in the note I decoded with valerie plame... Would've been very difficult, And a 50-mile ride through british-occupied territory Would have as well. But for my last candidate, a woman named elizabeth burgin, That wouldn't have been a problem. New york city was her home. Here, along the east river, In what was once known as wallabout bay, I learned how elizabeth helped american prisoners Escape british custody. This is the east river. Across from the east river, manhattan island. Mm-hmm. Down on the bottom of the island, Where you see all the skyscrapers, Would've been occupied revolutionary war new york city, Occupied by the british. During the american revolution, This was a place called wallabout bay. Weren't there some prison ships right here? Yes, and that's what makes wallabout bay So infamous in new york city history. The british had a series of decommissioned ships Anchored here, on which they stuck thousands And thousands of prisoners of war. Patriots who found themselves on prison ships, Like the hms jersey, Could routinely be found gasping for air below decks Because there wasn't enough oxygen in the cramped quarters. Men were eaten alive by rats, Smallpox ran rampant, and every morning, A death patrol comprised of british soldiers Would collect the bodies of men who had expired overnight And throw their often feces-covered bodies overboard. In total, 11,000 men died on prison ships like the jersey, Once harbored here. The jersey was considered to be hell. This is from an etching of inside the jersey. You see how wretched and horrible the conditions are. They were often fed rotten food. We have one survivor of the jersey That wrote a first-hand account, captain thomas dring, And he tells this incredible story About how the cook would cook their meat In a copper kettle with sea water, And that the sea water would erode the copper... Oh, right. ...And poison everyone who ate the food. Awful. Okay, so, let's get back to elizabeth burgin. Right. She was the one that was helping these guys. She saved about 200 men. How did she get them out? Well, this is kind of incredible. The guys on the ship were allowed To buy goods from peddlers. - Okay. And the peddlers would come up to the side Of the ship in a little boat. She was one of these peddlers. She often worked with a partner, Since the british weren't keeping track, Didn't know who was who. Once in a while, they might grab one of the guys, Stick them in the boat, and cover him up. So she would risk her life to save these guys That were dying on these ships? Absolutely, and if they caught her, She might end up on the ship herself. Well, yeah. Well, you know what? Just hearing about what she did is so heroic and so brave. It's mind-boggling, really. At a bar called the ear inn, that dates back to the 1700s, Karen tells me elizabeth was eventually outed as a spy. But was she an official culper spy? The gentleman who had been helping her Get men out of new york city was captured himself, And in order to free him, his wife gave up elizabeth. - What happened then? - She fled. And interestingly, she headed east to a place called setauket. - Setauket? - Right? I was just there! That was a very important place Along this information route for the culper spy ring. So for her to go there, that can't be a coincidence. That's very interesting, isn't it? Once she gets to setauket, what happens then? Someone takes her across the long island sound To connecticut, Possibly someone named caleb brewster. Caleb brewster. He was part of the culper spy ring. And setauket, that's where he would take messages And deliver them across the sound, And now he's delivering her? The more I think about this, Things are really starting to make sense. Take a look at this letter. Hmm. Well, I see it's signed by george washington. And... Elizabeth burgin. - Right. - What's the gist here? Well, this is a letter from george washington To probably the ration master Or the quartermaster of philadelphia, Recommending elizabeth burgin for rations, Telling him that she has provided a great service to him, And that he's recommending her to receive Regular rations for herself and her children. The patriot army barely had enough money To feed its soldiers. So if george washington Was giving rations to elizabeth burgin For what he described as "a great service," That service could have been smuggling pows to freedom. But it could also have been payment for her work As agent 355. I mean, this is mind-blowing. It really is. She's having personal communications With george washington? Why would he take the time to do that? Unless there was a reason. So here's a note that valerie plame had me decode. You can see we have a date here of August 15, 1779, And 355 is referenced in this note. When did you say that she was outed And then escaped to setauket? Around July of 1779. Hmm. Well, you know what? That's perfect, because that would put her in the vicinity When abraham woodhull wrote this note to benjamin tallmadge. Elizabeth burgin was in new york at the exact time agent 355 was. Based on that, I think she's a very good candidate. But peggy arnold and anna strong Are compelling candidates as well. There are a lot of clues to parse through, So I head back to the lab To fit the pieces of the puzzle together, And in doing so, I go back to one clear fact that can't be ignored, And I called valerie to tell her what I've decided. Hi, valerie! Hi, scott! Have you cracked the case? Well, I think I have. I'm gonna present my case to you, And you tell me if I've cracked it, okay? I have utmost faith in you. Go ahead. What do you got? Okay. Well, we're gonna start here with peggy shippen arnold, Who is really good for a couple reasons. Her husband, benedict arnold, was at west point, And certainly, she would've known about the treasonous plans That her husband had, and she could've been the one That turned her husband over to george washington. However, there's a couple of things that I don't like. These letters here suggest that she was involved In her husband's treasonous plans. So these letters definitely work against her. Okay. The other thing that works against peggy is geography. Agent 355 spent a lot of time in new york city. Unfortunately for peggy, She spent most of her time in philadelphia And in upstate new york at west point. So pretty hard for her to be 355 if she isn't in new york city. So I think geography works against peggy pretty strongly. I'm taking her off the table. I would agree. She's out. Who's the next one? Well, my next candidate here is anna nancy strong. So one of the stories that we heard about anna Is that she used something called a clothesline code, Where she would hang laundry up in a certain pattern To tell abraham woodhull what bay caleb brewster Was coming into and where they would meet. But was she agent 355? I'm not so sure about that. Once again, geography... You can't be 355 If you don't spend time in manhattan, And we don't have a lot of evidence that she did. So, even though anna was a strong asset To the culper spy ring, I don't think that she's agent 355. Yeah, I would have to agree with you. That makes sense. Who's your next one? Elizabeth burgin, who I really like for a lot of reasons. One of those reasons is, we know that she helped Pows escape from prison. So she literally risked her life for the patriot cause. And unlike the other two, Geography works in elizabeth's favor. She spent a lot of time in new york city, And so that really helps her case. But you know what the clincher is for me? After the war, george washington personally made sure That elizabeth received a financial pension For the rest of her life. The question is, why did he do that? George washington personally made sure That elizabeth received a financial pension For the rest of her life. Well, of course, it was in gratitude For service to their new nation. I mean, that makes sense. She was smart, she was brave, And, in my mind, a true american hero. I think our agent 355 is elizabeth burgin. I think you've done some amazing sleuthing, And I'm with you. I would have to agree. Even though I have chosen elizabeth burgin To be our agent 355, I think many women played a role During the revolution and going forward. Well, scott, I love that you've shone a spotlight On these really brave women, And that was the very beginning of women Being involved in our national security up to today. And finally, we do have a woman in charge Of the central intelligence agency, Gina haspel, but she, I'm sure, Would say she stands on the shoulders of many, Many unacknowledged women that have come before her. I think that we owe a lot of these women back then And today a big debt of gratitude, including you. So I want to personally thank you for this journey And thank you for your service. I appreciate it, and I've so enjoyed this. Thank you, scott. From the first clue from valerie To the last word on the identity of agent 355, The journey to unmask this unsung american hero Has shed light on the role many women played In the american revolution. It's easy to give credit to the icons of that period, Like washington, benjamin franklin, And the sons of liberty. But it's more important than ever to recognize the women Who risked their lives to ensure our freedom And the women who continue to risk it today, Not just as spies But in every facet of service for our country. And to them, I say "thank you." If you have a mysterious artifact or site I need to see, I want to know about it. Go to travelchannel. Com/ americaunearthed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 