America Unearthed: Season 4, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America Unearthed 
 s4e7 - Bigfoot of the Bayou - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America Unearthed (2012–…): Season 4, Episode 7 - Bigfoot of the Bayou - full transcript 
 Scott Wolter investigates Louisiana's Honey Island Swamp Monster, a legendary creature that may be related to Bigfoot, the Sasquatch, and an ape from the ice age thought to be long extinct, but may still walk among us today. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A huge apelike creature allegedly Walks upright through the louisiana swamp. It's only been seen from far away, but tonight, I plan to see it up close. What the hell was that? Okay. I got to go check that out. What the hell was that? What is that noise? What is that smell? No, the hell? The history that we were all taught growing up is wrong. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 My name is scott wolter, and I'm a forensic geologist. There's a hidden history in this country That nobody knows about. There are pyramids here, chambers, tombs, inscriptions. They're all over this country. We're going to investigate these artifacts and sites, And we're going to get to the truth. Sometimes history isn't what we've been told. AMERICA UNEARTHED - SEASON 4 EP - 7 - Bigfoot of the Bayou Deep in the louisiana bayou, A legendary creature is said to lurk. There's something out there. There's something big in the swamp. It was an unidentified creature. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Kind of turns your world upside down When you see something like that. Many locals have seen it, And I convinced a few of them to talk. There's even a new report of an eyewitness Catching the creature on thermal video. That's why I'm in louisiana, To investigate the honey island swamp monster. It stood on two legs. Large, dark, almond-shaped eyes... And it looked like it was upright, And it looked fairly tall. It had a very profuse smell, a musky odor, really bad. What made you decide to tell me? I know you're a scientist, and you do research, And if this helps you, I want to help you. If this creature really exists, It picked the perfect place to hide. Honey island swamp, known as the amazon of north america, Spans 133 square miles. That's over 100 times the size of new york central park. All over the world, People tell stories of giant apelike creatures Hiding in the wilderness. Sasquatch roams north america. The yeti stalks nepal's himalayan mountains, And the yowie haunts australia's outback. A few years ago, I investigated the theory These legendary creatures are real, And they're all surviving members of a species Called gigantopithecus, A giant primate from the last ice age. Scientists believe it went extinct thousands of years ago, But I think gigantopithecus may have migrated from asia To other parts of the world, maybe here to the swamp. A retired air traffic controller named harlan ford First spotted the creature back in 1963. He tracked it until his death in 1980. I'm headed to the swamp village of slidell, louisiana, To meet harlan's granddaughter, dana holyfield. Dana? - Hey, scott. How are you? I'm doing good. I got by your guard goose there. Yeah. He's kind of a good watchdog. What you got there? Some mudbugs. Are you hungry? One of these? Yeah. That's crawfish. I hear they're delicious. Well, I'm about to boil some. You could find out. Sounds good to me. I'll gladly taste this bayou specialty if it means Learning more about the guy who coined the name Honey island swamp monster. Tell me about your grandfather's experience. What did he tell you about the monster? He was on a hunting trip with him and his friend, Billy mills, and they came up on this thing That was on all fours. They thought it was like a hog at first, and billy was like, "what is that thing?" and when it heard their voice, It stood up and turned and faced them. He said that when it stood up, It stood up like a human would on two feet. Hmm. My grandfather stood 6'4", And he said it was taller than he was. Was it muscular and robust? Very, very broad shoulders, had the long arms, long, dingy, Grayish dusty-looking hair. He said it was pretty sinister looking. It scared him, so he was getting his gun out of his backpack, And by the time they did that, it turned and ran. That was the first time in 1963 That he'd come face-to-face with it. There must have been people that thought it was a hoax, right? Some people still today think it's a hoax, But my grandfather never let that bother him Because he knew what he had seen out there, And he was determined to try to find out What exactly this thing was. I know that he took a cast of a footprint, right? Correct. Do you still have that cast? I do. I got the 8-millimeter film, too. Okay, well, dinner can wait. Yep. Alright. Okay, wow. Look at that. You know, this looks like a claw. That's my first impression. You know, it kind of looks almost like an alligator foot. It's got three very pronounced toes. It's got a fourth toe here, and you can see bones in the foot. Like knuckles. Yeah. This foot looks different Than some of the others that I've seen. You know, bigfoot actually looks more like a human foot, But here we are in the swamp. Maybe this thing evolved differently. When you compare alleged bigfoot And the honey island swamp monster track side by side, It seems clear that if this is the same creature, It has adapted to this environment. So how did your grandfather find this? Where did he find it? Well, on another hunting trip in 1974, they were duck hunting, And there was a big wild boar laying at the edge of the water, And it had its throat gashed out, And he said blood was all over the place, And then they thought, "well, maybe a gator might have done that." Wouldn't a gator carry it off and eat it? The gator would and drag it down to its den Probably if it wasn't ready to eat it right then. Right. But then they saw these tracks. So he got this at the site where this boar was killed, And it was slashed in the throat but not eaten or carried away. It wasn't carried away or eaten. I find that really curious, don't you? Yeah, he thought it might have been a territorial thing. Right. My grandfather always thought it was sort of prehistoric, Something that just was living out in the swamp Undiscovered by science all these years, And being out there, something could go undiscovered For a long time by man. I actually really like that theory Because the working idea I have right now Is that this creature and bigfoot, sasquatch, Whatever you want to call it, That's been seen thousands of times Could possibly be something called gigantopithecus. Gigantopithecus is basically a large apelike creature That lived back in the pleistocene. We have fossils of it. It's documented. We know that it lived, and we just assume that it disappeared. Now, that's been done many times. People have made assumptions that creatures have disappeared, But they found out later that in fact, they didn't. Every year, around 15,000 new species are discovered, And some are rediscovered like the coelacanth. This 2-meter-long fish was thought to have gone extinct 66 to 100 million years ago until it was discovered alive And well in 1938 off the southern coast of africa. But you have another piece of evidence I'd love to see. It's a video, right? Yep. We have a 8-millimeter movie reel That my grandmother found in his belongings after he passed away. So this is it? This is the film of the honey island swamp monster? Yep. Can we take a look? Sure. Alright. So this is the opening, Where he obviously is in a boat going upriver. Right. There's the tree blind where he was sitting. Okay, so normally he would use that for hunting, right? - Mm-hmm. - Okay, but he was up there. Oh, is this the creature here? Oh, there it is. Look at there. Can you stop it? Go back. Can you stop it right between those trees, right in there? Okay. Alright. Look at this. Do you see the head? I mean, you can see this creature. It has a conical-shaped head, a little rise at the top, And the face is sticking out. They actually call that midface prognathism. Apes have midface prognathism, where the front of the face, The nose and the mouth stick out. I see what looks like an ape or a gorilla, But it walks like a man, And it could very well be gigantopithecus. This could be a survivor of what was thought To be an extinct species. This is really compelling. Well, this is incredible, But this isn't going to be enough to prove That the swamp monster exists. We need to find irrefutable evidence. So you going to go out there and look for it? I'm just getting started. Harlan's film is exciting, but it's 39 years old. There's a much newer piece of evidence I need to check out. In fact, it's the main reason I decided to start investigating the honey island swamp monster. The eyewitness thinks he caught the monster on thermal video, But did he? That's pretty impressive. Alright. So I have to ask you, do you use the drone To look for the honey island swamp monster? The drone there is just a tool in my arsenal Amongst other things. Well, it's obvious to me that you take this investigation Into the swamp monster very seriously. Yes, I do. If a myth hangs around long enough, There's usually something to it. So what you're trying to do is take the honey island swamp Monster and move it from the mythological Category into reality? We share this planet with a lot of things, And some things are not known. Not yet. Not yet. Take the giant squid first described In the 4th century bce. It took until now in the 21st century For the elusive sea creature to finally be photographed. There's little doubt now the scandinavian sailors Who feared what they called the kraken, A legendary man-eating sea monster, Actually saw a giant squid. What if the honey island swamp monster And other bigfoot-type creatures are just like the giant squid, Real but elusive? So I understand you have a video that I would like to see, A thermal image? Right. I have a thermal image that was taken last November, What I believe could possibly be the swamp monster. Why don't we go in there and take a look? Sounds good to me. Alright. Well, I can see you have spent an awful lot of time Doing research on bigfoot and the swamp monster. You've got quite a collection here. Well, thank you. M.K. And I believe the swamp monster is related To other bigfoot-type creatures. I think they're descendants of a primate That lived in asia thousands of years ago. Gigantopithecus was discovered in 1935 When its molars were found in a chinese pharmacy Among fossilized bones and teeth used to make medicine. Even though scientists 3-d printed a possible Gigantopithecus in 2013, No real skeleton has ever been found... Only teeth, jawbones, and fossils. One theory is that giant porcupines, Which chewed on bones for calcium, ate up All the gigantopithecus bones. You have some pictures. I'd like to see those pictures. Yeah, right here. Just let me get them. Now get ready. These are sort of graphic. Oh, my god. These pigs, what happened? Ran into the swamp monster. Oh, my god. They're just eviscerated. This is disgusting. Could a bear have done this or some other local creature? I don't think so. Bears tend to just make a mess of things. You know, they just consume and break bones, You know, crunch it up. They would have eaten something, right? Yeah, this was done differently. It was, like, you know, pulled apart, you know, With force like this and the cavity exposed And then the entrails pulled out. And how did you find the pigs? I just walked up on them. Well, you must have been shocked when you saw them. I was shocked. I was very shocked. That gave me the creeps, sure enough. I've never seen anything like that. This reminds me of jack the ripper. This is exactly what he did. Well, it's jack the ripper, but it's living in the swamps. No wonder you were creeped. But there was something even creepier. What's that? I came back the next day, and they were gone, And in their place was a skull of a pig. Oh, my god. That is creepy. Do you think it was leaving a message of something? I don't know. I don't know. What the hell? So you're saying that when you came back the next day, Both of the boars were gone and a skull left in their place, But they're not of the pigs? It's an older skull. It's been long ago cleaned. The mutilated wild pigs m.K. Davis found Are just like the one harlan ford found When he was hunting the swamp monster, But these bodies were replaced with a single clean pig skull, Almost like some sort of message. It could be the work of the honey island swamp monster, But why? And, you know, that's the scary part of it. You don't know what motivated it or why it did it. I wanted to get out of there when I saw this Because I, you know, I didn't want to be the next victim. You know, what I'd really like, though, Is to see those thermal images, the video that you have. Can we look at that? Sure. I've got them on the computer. Okay. Alright. Okay. Let's take a look here. Alright. Let me play it. Thermal imaging opens up a lot of things. There it is off in the distance. So is that the creature? That's it. M.K. Sees the honey island swamp monster, But I'm not sure what I'm seeing. Now, this is at night, and that's not a light image. That's a thermal image. Now, that's a warm body. You can't know for certain, but I'm kind of inclined To think that we're looking at a primate. Okay, here's kind of an off-the-wall question... How do you know it wasn't another human? Well, you know, to be honest with you, I don't know that. You know, it would be kind of ridiculous for a human To be across there, but I was out there. So what part of the body is this? This would be the front, and this would be the rear, The rear leg coming down like this. So it's crouched? It's crouched down low behind some brush actually. Crouch, that's what harlan ford said He saw the monster do in 1963, and many of the eyewitnesses I spoke to said they saw it do the same thing. Primates often alternate between standing on all fours And walking on two feet. M.K. Doesn't think the creature in the video is a bear Since it never moved, And bears are normally shy and try to avoid humans. They run from perceived threats or climb trees. How did this whole video take place? Tell me about that night. This last November, November the 3rd, I was with some friends, And they have a little hunting dog, And we would have never known It was there if it hadn't been for the dog. The dog is pulling against the leash, and he's pointing, And so I get out the thermal gear, And that's when we saw it. Okay. The choctaws, they call them shampe. Shampe, what does shampe mean? That's a monster, and the shampe Is supposed to have a terrible odor. The choctaws, their origins say that they came from lands To the west and that shampe came with them, followed them. The legend of the choctaw and shampe Coming from lands to the west could refer to ancient migration Across the bering strait land bridge. Historians say early humans crossed the exposed land bridge, An easy route between asia and north america. My theory... if humans could migrate on this path, Why couldn't gigantopithecus? Maybe this is how the precursor of bigfoot And the honey island swamp monster Came to our continent long ago. This choctaw legend, you know, that sounds like a perfect story For me to go investigate next. I believe legends hide secret truths, And I'm betting the story of the shampe in swamps All across the south may be an important clue In my quest to find the swamp monster, So I'm meeting an old friend, tim hall. Tim is an expert in north american folklore, And if anyone can help me unlock this legend's secrets, it's him. Well, tim, it's great to see you again. Great seeing you, scott. Tell me a little bit about the choctaw legend of the shampe. Well, shampe is a monster. Their legend goes that he was a big hairy beast, Stands about 7 foot tall. He is very, very aggressive. The shampe will go and leave warnings for people That come into his area, so if you come into his area, He'll go ahead and murder and kill an animal, Leave it as a warning to you not to go any further. This reminds me of the pictures of eviscerated pigs m.K. Showed me, and harlan ford found the same thing, But that's not the only similarity between the stories. Smells, oh, the smell that comes from them is tremendous. It is so much so that the humans can't take it. So, you know, I keep hearing about this bad smell thing. I mean, why do they smell bad? What's that all about? Shampe smells bad because he sleeps with his victims. It is the smell of rotting flesh that makes him smell so bad. Oh. Well, that's pretty gross. Based on this description you've given me, This sounds an awful lot like the honey island swamp monster. How far back do these legends go? About 10,000 years, That's what the native americans are telling us right now. When you go back that far, We're talking about the pleistocene age. This was a time of giant megafauna And huge mammals like mammoths and mastodons. Prevailing theory is, is that they migrated over from asia Across the bering strait land bridge 10,000 to 15,000 years ago When the glaciers were at their maximum, Ocean levels were lower, and that bridge was exposed. Humans also took this track, so my thesis is, Is that this creature is actually Gigantopithecus that came from asia and is now down here, And maybe what we're seeing here Is the survivors of that species That just disappeared into the woods, into the swamps And is now just reemerging when it wants to, But really, it is a scientific species That was long thought to be extinct But actually did survive, And these legends you're talking about And all these sightings, it could be connected. They very well could be connected. The stories are oral stories. They memorized them and told the story again. Story time is over. It's time to meet the monster face-to-face. My plan... spend a night in the swamp alone, Armed with trail cameras and bait. Hopefully I can lure the swamp monster In to see it with my own eyes. To tip the scales, I'm enlisting professional cryptozoologist Ken gerhard to help me get ready for a swamp monster stakeout. Hey, ken. Good to see you, man. Whew! Thanks for joining me today. Scott, it's a pleasure to be here, man. You know, today, I'm here to try to collect Some serious hard evidence. I've seen videos. I've talked to firsthand witnesses. All of that's great, but really, if we're going to get To the bottom of this honey island swamp monster, I need to document it, record it myself. Hopefully we'll draw this thing out into the open Where you can see it. Be careful. Be alert. Though it falls within what we assume to be The family of bigfoot-type creatures, The honey island swamp monster is highly aggressive Compared to other bigfoot-type creatures That I've investigated. I mean, has this thing been known to attack people? There's no actual accounts of it attacking people, But for example, there are some stories of people Disappearing here in the swamp without a trace. Really? Yeah. There was an old guy named ted williams Who had a lot of sightings of the swamp monster On his property, and the guy vanished one day While he was running some trotlines. So there is an aggressive nature to this thing? You're going to have to stay frosty, buddy. Frosty? You know, alert. Oh, okay. You know... Frosty, okay. Just be aware of your surroundings Because if this thing is smart and also very aggressive, Then, you know, you're going to have to be on your toes. Okay, so you consider this a dangerous animal, right? But it's a beast. It's an animal, and so we have to approach it as such. Well, if you take a look here, we've got several little xs I put on here where sightings, people have said, "this is where I saw the swamp monster." Each of these xs marks a spot Where someone I interviewed in recent weeks Saw the swamp monster. There have been a lot of sightings from here. Right here. That's where we need to focus our energy, right there. I agree with you. I think it's time to go. After reviewing eyewitness accounts, Cryptozoologist ken gerhard and I are on our way To a remote stretch of the honey island swamp Where the monster seems to be most active. You got her? - Yeah. - Alright. You ready? - Let's do this. Maybe I can finally prove that the creature The locals call the honey island swamp monster Is actually a descendant of gigantopithecus, A 10-foot-tall, 1,000-pound prehistoric ape That I think might still live among us, But first, I need to turn an abandoned hunting blind Into the base for my stakeout. Alright. Ken, this is good. All right. What do you think? This is a great spot, man. It's not a high-priced hotel, But I'm hoping that it'll help me At least see the swamp monster from a good vantage point. I think you've got a sound strategy here. Find a spot, and obviously you want to stay Hidden as much as possible. That's the reason why I like the idea Of getting up in this blind. Remember, harlan ford, He had a blind that he was up that he built himself. He had a good vantage point. He didn't have all the low brush in the way, And he really got a reasonably good shot With the film of the monster. He had success. Maybe I will, too. Step one... we have to lure the swamp monster in, And that means bait. Got it. How about right there? That's perfect. Okay. We're looking for something 6 or 7 feet tall, right? Alright. So that's too high for anything else in this area to access. Do you think 25 pounds of hog leg will do it? Many people talked about, you know, boars and pigs Being associated with the swamp monster. There are many, many accounts of this thing allegedly Killing or stalking pigs, So I think we've got the perfect bait for that. I'm not using a live pig for bait Because chaining it up in a foot of water Just doesn't seem right. With the bait set, my next step is to cover all directions Of the approach with trail cameras. Reconyx, have you used this before? Oh, yeah. You're talking a high-definition passive infrared sensor, High-definition video, night vision, superfast trigger. Once we finish putting up these cameras, I'll be on my own. To maximize my chance of success, I'm sending ken to a nearby site. If he sees the monster before I do, he'll let me know. This is where we part. I really appreciate all your help, man. Good luck, scott. I really do hope you see the swamp monster. That would be awesome, And, hey, you may need this, just in case. Nah. I'm not here to kill it. I just want to see it. Alright. But definitely take the flare gun, though. Oh. If things get hairy, fire it off. I'll be here as quick as I can. Alright? Knock it out. Okay. Well, cameras are set. The leg is up, and I'm up here in the blind. I've got a clear shot of the pig leg. I can see all the cameras. Ready to go. I wonder where that thing is. Realizing that I'm trying intentionally to have The honey island swamp monster come here and confront me is... It's a little unnerving. Nothing yet. Where are you? I can't forget he's in the trees, as well, According to some witnesses. Pretty quiet out there. I can see the leg still hanging there. Well, if the swamp man doesn't eat it, I'll cut it up and make pork chops. What was that? What is that? What is that noise? Nothing. Oh, man. The sun will be coming up anytime. I guess we can't expect a home run the first night. Alright. I'm going to go check the trail cam. Okay. That one is on. What the hell was that? Must have been a... What the hell? What is that smell? That's awful. I fired a flare just before dawn to let ken know to come join me. He's probably wondering if I spotted The honey island swamp monster, And I can't wait to tell him what I found. You okay? Yeah, I'm okay. What's up? Don't worry. Don't worry. I'm fine. Well, you got here fast. I just want you to know I think I made A pretty important discovery that I want to show you, But we're going to need that water jug. You want to grab it? This one? That one right there. Okay. So you're probably wondering why I brought you out here. Let me tell you what happened. I thought for sure the swamp monster was here. I mean, I couldn't believe it. I came down here. I was standing here, and then I smelled the smell, But I looked around and nothing. All of a sudden, it dawned on me. It wasn't the swamp monster that smelled. It's the swamp. I have a hunch that a naturally occurring And rancid-smelling gas Might account for at least some of the swamp monster encounters, Including the one I thought I was having last night. Let me show you something. Let's walk out here. I have a method to my madness. Now, what's happening here is, you see all these plants? Well, eventually they're going to die, right? They go to the bottom, and they form a cap Over the bottom of the muck, And as they decompose, they form gases... Carbon dioxide, hydrogen sulfide, and methane. What I want you to do is just reach over, Put your right foot, step down and squish it into the mud, And I want you to see if any bubbles come up. Okay. Where do I step? Just anywhere. I'm getting stuck. It is a swamp, scott, so... Alright. Okay. So keep going forward. With each step, ken is forcing tiny bubbles of gas Up to the surface of the swamp, and I'm capturing them. So here's what I'm going to do. I want you to light that. Okay. Alright. And then hold it on this end when it comes up And watch what happens. Okay. Ready? Whoa. Look at that. Whoa, that's crazy. Huh. That's swamp magic. Here, let me put it down. Whoa. There you go. Water is displacing the gas. It's forcing it up the tube, and there you go. Huh. I thought I encountered the swamp monster, But all I encountered was swamp gas. That is your smell, that horrible smell That people think is coming from the swamp monster. It's coming from the swamp. I think this foul-smelling hydrogen sulfide gas Is a plausible explanation for some of the stories Of the swamp monster but not all of them. There's something out there. What he remembered most was the eyes. It was walking upright. I don't know too many people That can leap as far as this thing leapt. My swamp gas discovery might resolve many Of the honey island swamp monster encounters, But it doesn't explain m.K.'s thermal video Or the mutilated animals, Much less harlan's 8-millimeter film. You know, one thing I've noticed in the course Of my investigations is that a lot of these cryptid cases, They involve a lot of different components. Sometimes there are actual sightings of an unknown animal, But then you have people, you know, misinterpretation. Some people just make up stories. Well, absolutely, and, look, Just because we've answered one question in my mind About what could be the smell That some of these people talked about Doesn't mean that the swamp monster doesn't exist. We've got video. We got footprints. We've got eyewitness accounts, and those are pretty compelling. Absolutely. It's time to go meet dana. I still believe the swamp monster might be out there, But I'm curious to hear what she thinks Of my swamp gas theory as an element of some accounts, Though not necessarily her grandfather's. Well, hi. How are you? Hi. How are you doing? I'm good. I'm good. The account of your grandfather was really compelling to me, So I thought the best way that I could investigate This was to replicate what your grandfather did, To actually set up a blind, Go into the swamp and spend the night, and... That's cool. It was cool, but it was a little creepy. Creepy. At one point, honestly, I thought I had encountered the swamp monster. For a moment I thought, "he's here. What do I do?" But then I thought about it, and I figured out what it was. What? It wasn't the swamp monster. It was the swamp, swamp gas. I've heard of it. That's what I smelled. I think that probably some of those accounts, Not all of them but some of them, probably was swamp gas. Let me ask you, and I'm being serious now, Do you really believe the swamp monster exists? Do you really believe the swamp monster exists? I do believe something is out there. I've spent too many years researching myself And then meeting so many people that had similar encounters. These stories are all consistent, The footprints, the eyewitness accounts. I think that swamp is big enough To have something go undetected, You know, for years, and then every now And then, someone stumble upon it Accidentally like my grandfather. Well, you're right. That swamp is big, So could it have survived unnoticed While in a swamp like this? Maybe. Right. Well, dana, if you're right, And the swamp monster really does exist, Think about what that would do. I mean, first off, they would have to rewrite Just about everything that we think We know about these creatures That most people probably think are just a myth or a legend, So if this could be definitively proven, It would be a huge story. Oh, I agree. That's what I'm looking forward to. Okay. Researchers around the world are closer Than ever to finding the truth about creatures like this. High in the himalayas near mouth everest, The indian army recently discovered 32-inch-long Footprints they believe are tracks of the yeti. Well, in honor of my experience in the swamp, I thought I would order us some louisiana swamp gas chili. Thank you very much. Thank you. Bon appétit. Bon appétit to you. Thank you. Mmm. Ooh, that's good. It is good. Doesn't smell at all like swamp gas. No. Smells good. I wish I'd had a chance to see what harlan ford saw, To look in the eyes of the honey island swamp monster. Maybe next time I'm down in bayou country. For now, I need to be satisfied by the reasonable explanation I came up with for some aspects of the monster encounters... Swamp gas, but I also need to be open To the possibility the honey island swamp monster Is laying low, avoiding humans, And remaining a mystery, at least for now. If we're lucky, some day it might join The ranks of the giant squid and the komodo dragon, Creatures of myth that turned out to be the real thing. If you have a mysterious artifact or site I need to see, I want to know about it. Go to travelchannel. Com/ americaunearthed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 