America Unearthed: Season 4, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 America Unearthed 
 s4e9 - Drake's Lost Treasure - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 America Unearthed (2012–…): Season 4, Episode 9 - Drake's Lost Treasure - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 There have been thousands of bombings Big and small on u.S. Soil, But very few of them have been high-profile atrocities With significant loss of life. In most cases, The criminals behind those have been brought to justice. People like timothy mcveigh, The unabomber, ted kaczynski, And ramzi yousef, Who bombed the world trade center Eight years before 9/11. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But the person behind the very first bombing in the u.S. During peacetime has never been identified Until now. The history that we were all taught growing up is wrong. My name is scott wolter, and I'm a forensic geologist. There's a hidden history in this country that nobody knows about. There are pyramids here, Chambers, tombs, inscriptions. They're all over this country. We're gonna investigate these artifacts and sites, And we're gonna get to the truth. Sometimes, history isn't what we've been told. AMERICA UNEARTHED - SEASON 4 EP - 9 - Chicago's Mystery Bomber April 15th, 2013, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The day of the boston marathon bombing. I remember where I was. I was in duluth, minnesota, Visiting my kids when I heard two homemade bombs Killed three people, maimed 17, and injured hundreds of others. This bomb, detonated in the midst of a public event In a major metropolitan area, Was far from the first such incident of domestic terror To shake our nation to its core. But now I find myself investigating What is the first such terror bombing On american soil outside of war... A deadly attack known as the haymarket massacre, Which happened in 1886 during a labor rights rally. A researcher in chicago named bleue benton And a team of historians Are trying to find a time capsule rumored to hold clues To who threw the deadly device at haymarket. They want to solve what is One of the most infamous cold cases in u.S. History, But she says she needs my geological expertise To help dig it up. Scott, thank you so much for joining me here. I'm actually really excited and interested In this whole haymarket affair that happened back in 1886. I mean, it was a historic event That a lot of people don't know about. May 4th, 10:30 pm... A bomb explodes in the middle of a crowd of 400 workers Gathered for a labor rights rally at haymarket square. A group of anarchist speakers are calling for revolution Because this is the time of forced child labor, 80-hour work weeks, and hellish conditions. The bomb lands right in front of police Sent to break up the boisterous rally. The explosion and ensuing gunfire by cops Kills eight and wounds dozens. To this day, the bomber has never been identified. Many of the anarchists, as they were called, That were fighting for the rights of workers, Are buried here, right? Yes. This is the premiere spot for that. Bleue and I arrive at the place Where brand-new research suggests The time capsule that could hold clues To the identity of the bomber is buried, The haymarket martyr's monument. Erected in 1893, This monument memorializes five protesters Who were arrested after the hay market bombing And convicted of conspiracy, But not for throwing the bomb itself. One of the men killed himself while awaiting trial. The other four met their death on the gallows. And today, their deaths are considered The result of a miscarriage of justice. They died before companies put in place Things like the 40-hour workweek we have today. Lucy parsons, who helped organize the rally, Participated in burying the time capsule With contents she hoped would one day solve the mystery. It was a personal mission for her Since her husband, albert, Was one of the men unjustly tried and hanged. What's in the time capsule? There are trial transcripts, newspaper articles, photographs. And if we could find this time capsule, This could solve the case for us. That's exactly why we were hoping you could come And take a look at this. As a geologist, we know that You'd be bringing expertise to this That could be helpful. Bleue recently discovered a newspaper article from 1892 Documenting the burial of the time capsule Deep under one of the monument's cornerstones. My day job is in concrete forensics, Evaluating the structural integrity of concrete, Which I did after 9/11 at the pentagon And on collapsing tunnels in boston's big dig, And she wants my opinion. Well, I know a little something about stone and concrete, So I'm gonna take a look around. I'll be right back. Here's my concern... First off, the monument is made of granite. This thing weights many tons, I'm sure, And there's no way that they're gonna erect that Unless they put a footing down below. That means we would have to dig underneath the foundation, And that's problematic Because it could cause this thing to tilt. It would be risky. That makes sense. I get calls all the time from people who need advice On the best, safest way to perform an excavation, And usually, I can help. But in this case, there's just no way To dig for the time capsule Without damaging the monument, And I don't want to see that happen. Well, the time capsule isn't gonna help us in this case, But all is not lost. I mean, we can certainly still investigate this. We're gonna have to find some other ways to gather clues Because I would really like to figure out Who it was that threw that bomb. But let's start with this. Who would you consider to be the prime suspects That may have thrown the bomb? The way I look at it is that there are sort of Two elements of motivation that we would look at. On one hand, it could have been the direct action Of an anarchist who believed that this might be the way To start the revolution. On the other hand, it's also been talked about a lot That this could have been conspiracy of pinkerton agents. The pinkerton agency were basically private police Hired by rich industrialists, And frequently, the way they worked Was to infiltrate organizations and to incite trouble, And that certainly could've happened here. The pinkerton agency was the first detective agency In the country in the 19th and 20th centuries. They thwarted an assassination attempt On presidential candidate abraham lincoln, And before the fbi began, The agency created the rogues' gallery, The modern-day predecessor to police mug shots of today. But as bleue said, they have ties to big business And also worked on company's behalf. In the case of the haymarket affair, There are rumors that one of their agents was ordered To pose as an anarchist and bomb the police In order to turn the public against the labor movement. A conspiracy could've happened, Although you have to look at the anarchists Certainly had their own motivation. Absolutely. There are just so many questions. To answer those questions, I need to narrow down my list of suspects, Starting with the pinkertons. Could the bombing have been an inside job Designed to make the labor activists Look like radical extremists? To find out, I want to pay the pinkerton agency a visit. If there was any involvement by one of its agents in this plot, Maybe enough time has passed to discuss it openly. Hi, welcome. Scott wolter. Erika koutrakis. Nice to meet you. Tim williams. Scott, good to meet you. Nice to meet you, too. Have a seat. What I came here to talk to you about Was the haymarket affair. I'd really like to find out more about the role, If any, that pinkerton played in that whole story. You know, a lot of people that I've talked to claim That it was actually pinkerton agent that threw the bomb, That it was part of a conspiracy between business owners, Law enforcement, and pinkerton, That they threw the bomb To try to pin it on the anarchists. There was an agent by the name of andrew c. Johnson Who was placed into the anarchist movement In an effort to try to determine what the intent was, Particularly around bomb-making And some of the violence that had taken place. The day before, four people were killed by police officers, So there was a lot of tension in the city. 80,000 people were demonstrating, And this was a new event. There was a great deal of deep concern About what the intents were. The day before the haymarket bombing, A similar worker's rights rally At the mccormick harvesting machine plant Erupted in violence when police fired On a crowd of demonstrators, killing four workers. The violence set the city on edge. Some in the labor movement began calling for revenge. Was the haymarket bomber one of those anarchists, Or was it the pinkerton agent hiding in their ranks, Acting on orders from big business To turn public opinion against the anarchists? There's a lot of speculation, and because it's so long ago, And because we, you know, don't have first-hand accounts, It's very hard to tell. Tim points out that when the haymarket bomb was thrown, It landed in front of a line of police Trying to break up the event. It raises the question why would a pinkerton agent Throw a bomb at police Since they were essentially on the same side? It seems to me that Someone on the anarchist side threw the bomb. To figure out who the bomber was, I need to learn exactly what their motive was, And to do that, I need to learn more about the bomb itself. Even though it was deadly, was that the bomber's intention, Or was the intention for the bomb To only be a distraction To garner support for worker's rights Which went very, very wrong? The answer may lie in the level of force The bomb maker intended for the device. Since this is one of just a handful Of unsolved bombings on u.S. Soil, I'm hoping the fbi is interested In helping me analyze the amount of devastation Caused by a replica of the haymarket bomb. Dr. Yeager, it's nice to meet you. Please call me kirk. Kirk it is. It's not every day I get to meet the world's foremost expert In explosives with the fbi. What I'm trying to do is figure out Who may have thrown the bomb During the haymarket affair in 1886. That's a real fascinating case. I studied that for a number of years. You have a real project in front of you. Well, before we dive into the details, I'm just gonna cut to the chase. What I would like to do is recreate that explosion. I would like to actually blow up a bomb To see if this would help us understand the explosion, And I would like you to help me. What I would like to do is recreate that explosion. I want to know about the dynamics of the bomb. What happens when it goes off? Is it designed to kill? And what can it tell us about who may have thrown it? I think the fbi can lend a hand. That's awesome. So, what details do you know about the bombing that night That might help us if we're gonna replicate an explosion? Well, haymarket's a great case because, actually, There's trial transcripts available for us. One of the few historical cases. I actually brought some with me. And the great thing about these is that they talk About my expertise, the bomb, But they also give you a broader brush stroke Of all the other witness testimonies. So, if you're trying to look at motivations And where people may have been, that's probably a better bet. I learned that the transcripts kirk got ahold of While at the fbi are the same ones Thought to be in the buried time capsule We weren't able to get at, And they could definitely hold clues To the identity of the bomber. The bomb itself is pretty easy to understand. Haymarket was kind of a crude hand grenade, For lack of a better analogy. Right. It was two hemispheres of lead that were bolted together. The lead was filled with just dynamite. So, is it designed to kill, or is designed to maim? It's hard not to be killed by a fragment If you're right on top of it. Some people believe that the bomb was actually thrown By either somebody in law enforcement Or with the pinkerton agency, But the bomb landed in the middle of law enforcement. I just spoke to some people at the pinkerton agency, And, of course, they weren't too wild About the idea of one of their agents throwing the bomb. Law enforcement doesn't really Try to throw bombs at each other if they can avoid it. Haymarket was at a time in american history That dynamite pretty much started taking over As an equalizer, if you will. When alfred nobel made dynamite, gave it to the common man, It became a way for them to protest violently And to try to bring down powers greater than themselves, And they started using it for bombs. The anarchists took it up as their main tool. Okay, so, this explosion that happened, How do we replicate that? What do we need to do it? We basically have to reproduce the device itself, Two hemispheres put together, Filled with dynamite, set it off with a detonator. And then put up an arena, and in the arena, You put what we call target materials, And I would reckon mannequins or something That represents people. You light it, and you observe. What do you need from me to make this happen? Tell you what, the fbi will give you explosives And a detonator, you give us the device itself. I learned there is only one place To see a prototype I can copy To make my own device for the fbi, And it's on display in chicago's history museum. Since only one person, a cop, Was confirmed to have died immediately After being struck by shrapnel from the bomb... ...And the other seven victims died in the aftermath As a result of gunshots or wounds harder to categorize, I'm hoping I can get to the bottom Of the bomber's true intentions. Was the bomb intended to be a lethal weapon, The first move igniting violent uprising against big business? Or was it designed to frighten, without bloodshed, But its amateur designer packed it with too much firepower, And the plane inadvertently turned deadly? Both scenarios are plausible. Figuring out which is true By studying the force of the device Will bring me one step closer to identifying the bomber. You must be julius? Jones: Yes. How are you doing? Good to meet you. You actually have one of the haymarket bombs here? We have some of the bombs that were used In the evidence during the trial. The sphere-shaped bomb, in particular, Was used to tie a man by the name of louis ling To the actual riot. Louis ling was an active member of the anarchist party And a german-born immigrant. He was one of the men who was charged and convicted Of conspiracy related to the bombing. There's good reason to believe he made the bombs But didn't throw them because he wasn't at the rally that night. That bomb that you see on display Was actually found in his boarding room. That was the exactly same type of bomb used in the explosion. The hole that you see on top would be the hole That you would put the fuse in, And so, basically, once you tie it together, You would put the fuse in there, and that way, it would light up, And you could throw it as it was lit. So, I'm actually gonna try to make one of these bombs. So, I'm hoping I'm gonna be able to find some evidence Of who threw it that night. I contacted an artisan named vincent hawkins Who specializes in metal casting to help me with the next step. I gave him the pictures and specifications To help me recreate the haymarket bomb Here in his studio. All right, vincent, We're looking into the haymarket bombing, And what I'm trying to do is figure out Who it was that threw that bomb. Now, that's a tall task, But I think I might be able to make some headway, And one of the ways I think I can do that Is by understanding the process Of how they made bombs back then. What were the tools that the bomb maker Would've needed to make this bomb, And what kind of knowledge would he have had to had? In the modern era, we would use a rubber mold for this And just bang out, like, a hundred of them. So, I had more success with the open-faced casting. The slush is called slush casting, Which means we just literally pour it In the mold and dump it out, And it will solidify from the outside in. All right. Well, I'm ready to get after it. How about you? yeah, okay. Okay, melt it down. So, you just need to get it molten, And I usually test it by shaking the pop just to see, Make sure it's actually liquid. I think I'm just about there. And pour it in, right? Yeah, nice and easy. How we doing there? Yeah, just roll that around. All the way to the edge. We want slow down an area that look thin, Speed up in areas that look thick. I think we're set. And just part the mold. Yep. Look at that! So you're halfway there. You have a new money-making skill. I don't know how much money I'll make, but... It's not bad, actually. Now, to determine if the bomber intended to cause a scene Or to actually, kill, there's one step left. I need to blow up a bomb with a little help from the fbi. I'm on my way to meet the fbi's explosives team At camp ripley, a training facility For military and law enforcement. Before I got here, I studied some of the transcripts kirk yeager gave me Filled with eyewitness accounts, And I'm piecing together a map of the scene that day. Before we detonate this bomb, I want to test the validity of one of the reports I saw. The bomber supposedly threw this device Across the crowded square, Some 80 feet from a nearby alleyway Where the rallyers had a speaker's wagon. With a heavy lead bomb, is that possible? Kevin, scott wolter. Hey, scott, kevin smith. Nice to meet you. And I understand you're gonna help us Set off some explosives today And try to replicate as best we can the haymarket bombing. That's right. We've got a great team here. We've got some fbi bomb technicians along with The crow wing county minnesota sheriff's office bomb techs. We've got everything set up for you. Perfect. There is one other thing I would like to try to do is See if I can actually throw one of those bombs Because some of the eyewitnesses said The bomb flew up to 75 to 80 feet. Got an extra device for you. We're gonna put your gloves on, and you can throw it, And there's open range as far as you think you want to. All right, here we go. Not bad. Not too bad at all. Should we measure it? Let's go. I'll take her out. Throwing this replica, which is not packed with explosives, Reminds me of a cross between throwing a shot put And pitching a baseball. 79 feet, 8 inches. If I can throw the bomb casing 80 feet, It stands to reason that, When loaded with a small amount of dynamite, Which would only weight slightly more, The bomber could've thrown it that far, too. It tells us a little something About the size of the person who likely threw it. Now it's time to do the detonation. Our folks are ready. Let's go. Okay. All right, guys, I see some pretty interesting stuff here. So, right now, we have four sticks of dynamite. It's nitro-based. So, we are gonna unwrap this, take the dynamite out, And we are gonna pack it in to the devices. It's ammonium nitrate and nitroglycerin, But you kind of see almost like a peanut-butter consistency. Yeah. I'll start giving these guys the chunks So they can start packing it in. While the team fills the bomb with explosives, Kevin and I set up targets around the blast site. I'm hoping that the damage shrapnel inflicts On these mannequins will tell me If the bomber was trying to send a message without bloodshed, But their explosive got out of hand. Or trying to intentionally murder As many police as possible. Was it meant for destruction or distraction at the rally? We've got 12 mannequins to place in the scene. Where should we put them? What we want to do is try to understand The collateral damage that would happen when this blast occurs. Why don't we make three rings around it, Four mannequins each, about five-feet intervals? Let's do it. Once the mannequins are set up, We mark the distances they're at... 5, 10, and 15 feet from the point of detonation. That's done, that's done. Is this done? They're all done. I think we got them. Okay. Bring in the demo boys, huh? Okay, here we go, guys. Ready? Okay, jim. 3... 2... 1! Well, we lost a couple of our mannequins. I saw a couple wobble. But I have a feeling there's more damage Than it looks from here. And it's more the fragmentation that's coming off of that. Okay. Well, should we go take a look? Yeah. Let's go down and see what happened. All right. When I see how many shards of shrapnel Pierced through the mannequins, it gives me an incredible sense Of what the scene must have been like at haymarket square In the aftermath of the bombing. It seems like a miracle that during the actual event In may of 1886 that only one person, a cop, Was confirmed to have been killed by the bomb that night. I definitely think that it was meant to do more damage, Specifically to the advancing line of police, Which suggests the work of a violent anarchist, Not a pinkerton guard or anyone else. Look at these wounds. You got the two in the ankle. Here's another one on the lower leg. There's a whole bunch on the upper thigh here. This one punched through. Those are gonna hit arteries more than likely. And if that didn't kill the person, This one certainly would've. Right through the heart. This guy is just riddled with shrapnel, But that guy doesn't appear to be. Some of the people further away had bigger holes in them Than some of the people close. At haymarket, there was 197 law enforcement, 400 to 500 people minimum when this blast went off, And they probably all carried away some shrapnel. I mean, we're seeing shrapnel in every single one of these. I know dr. Yeager has studied the haymarket bombing, So I'm really looking forward to hearing what he has to say. While I wait for dr. Yeager To fly in from fbi headquarters at quantico, I've been looking into the background Of some of the anarchists who were at the rally Now that I'm convinced one of them threw the bomb. I came across letters in the national archives About a radical protestor named george meng Whose own granddaughter believed he was the bomber, And some historians agree. Meng was a german-born anarchist who was a member of Organized progressive labor movements at the time And owned a farm just outside of chicago. He was originally indicted but never brought to trial. I tracked down meng's great-granddaughter helen Who agreed to tell me all about the family's secret. Hi, helen. I appreciate you taking some time to visit With me here to talk about your great-grandfather george meng. Now, your mother suspected that her grandfather, Your great-grandfather, may have been the bomber. - Is that correct? - That's right. She was concerned about, really, finding the truth. Like, digging into her family history. George meng led a very difficult life. I remember my mother telling me that george meng May have been this bomber. We do know from the letters and maybe from other books That george meng was an anarchist. They were fighting for very, very basic rights. Mm-hmm. Police brutality was quite extreme. They would hold non-violent rallies, They would talk about bombs. They would talk even about making bombs. So, there was a lot of resentment On the part of working people Who joined together in this movement. And having this hatred for authority Certainly fits the profile of somebody Who would be not only associated with the anarchists, But certainly could've been prompted To throw the bomb that night. Now, he died in a fire not long after the haymarket affair. Yeah, he died in a saloon fire. Do you think your great-grandfather, George meng, was the bomber? George meng seemed like a guy who was very simple. He was a farmer, uneducated, And he could've take seriously What the speakers were saying about, "we've got to smash the system," you know? And he might have gone ahead and done it. This guy kind of fits the profile Of the guy that may be our bomber. After finishing my call with helen fox, I pored over the transcripts kirk yeager gave me, Looking for any mention of meng at the haymarket scene in 1886. Unfortunately, I couldn't find any eyewitness accounts Placing meng near where the bomb was supposedly thrown, Which means I got some problems with him being my lead suspect. But I'm hoping my debrief about the explosion with kirk yeager And having a chance to lay out Where we stand with the investigation Will help me rule him in or out. Well, kirk, great to have you back here. I've got my whole table laid out here With key pieces to our experiment Where we set off the bomb. Watch this video and pay particular attention To that female mannequin right there at 5 feet. Look at the camera. Direct hit. You couldn't do that if you tried. Look at that fragments flying through the air. They go out in arcing patterns. Capturing that in video is really challenging, But you see it come landing here, so... And you can see we have a couple of the mannequins That went down, and I was really surprised That some mannequins were just obliterated, And others barely got a flesh wound. It's the randomness of any explosive event. That's a cast piece of metal. It has weaknesses. It had flaws. It has joints that are gonna Come apart much easier than others, And lead is a fairly-soft metal, so... So, they're flying all over... They're not like bullets going in a straight line. Right. They're gonna be tumbling and all sorts of craziness. After looking at the videos, looking at the pictures, The wounds, we've proven anything Is that these things are a wildcard. You throw it out there and anything can happen. Fair enough. I tell kirk that I landed on the fact That it was an anarchist who threw the bomb Which was meant to cause casualties, And that the transcripts he gave me Are proving crucial to cracking the case Because I know where people were standing And when they were standing there. Kirk, those transcripts turned out to be immensely helpful Because I learned a lot about Everything that happened that night. But here are some key things. This is where the gathering took place. Right in this area is where the cart was Where the speakers gave their speeches. And samuel fielden, who gave a speech that night, And at the time of the bombing, he was on the platform here. Now, another pair of key suspects, Albert and lucy parsons were over here actually in the bar Because it had started to rain and the crowd dispersed. Protesters were here, And the police were marching in formation, And the bomb was thrown and landed somewhere In the middle of the street right here. Exploding into the unfortunate officers. Yep. The eyewitnesses said that the bomb was thrown From near this alleyway, and interestingly enough, There was a suspect who was roughly at that location, And that was rudolph schnaubelt, Who was one of the anarchists. So you have a lot of people here who are known to be In the anarchy movement at the time including schnaubelt, So all this is a cogent picture. Great. Now, this rudolph schnaubelt, He looks like a key suspect to me, And I need to learn more about rudolph schnaubelt. I tracked down a chicago crime historian Who believes a larger conspiracy was afoot, And it may have involved the guy I'm now looking at... Rudolph schnaubelt. Based on the fact he was standing Where the bomb was reportedly thrown from At the precise time it was launched at police. But before I ask him about schnaubelt, I still want to know more about george meng, Whose own family believed he was the bomber. Well, richard, as you know, the haymarket bombing Is one of the biggest mysteries in american history. A lot of people don't realize it. Let me ask you about george meng, This shadowy character Who was definitely sympathetic to the labor cause And had an axe to grind with law enforcement. George meng was in the labor union. He was definitely involved in a lot of the activities, But he escaped the radar of the chicago police department. It's not conclusively proven That he was in the attendance at haymarket that evening, But schnaubelt was hiding out at the meng farm, And it was from that point that schnaubelt made his escape. This makes me think That george meng's role in the bombing Was a little bit different than the family may have believed. I strongly believe that the bomber Was one rudolph schnaubelt Who was actually among the first people Arrested in the dragnet that followed. Richard tells me police arrested schnaubelt, Who was an anarchist of german descent, Along with hundreds of others immediately after the bombing, But with little evidence to hold him at the time, He was released. It came out that there were two eyewitnesses. One of the two said unequivocally That schnaubelt was standing on the wagon. About 30 seconds before the bomb fell, He jumped off the wagon and was observed receiving a package. This cannot be proven that That was a bomb he actually received, But then a missile appeared in the sky. That so-called missile had to be the bomb. Chicago had been a hot spot of labor agitation For a number of years. Tensions were running pretty high, And maybe they felt like it was payback time. It was now time to cross that line into violence. They believed that they would be blood for blood, And to strike the capitalist snake, The only way to do it was through armed violence. Just as I'm thinking schnaubelt might be My best suspect in the case, Richard tells me something that all but seals the deal. Schnaubelt fled chicago. He had gone to canada, And then he later went out to california Where his brothers were living. For a decade, he was on the run, And he died in san bernardino, california, In October of 1896. He took with him secrets to the grave. He was at the location, So that does make him a strong suspect. After meeting with richard lindberg, I tracked down a photo of my lead suspect, Rudolph schnaubelt, and want to find out If a forensic sketch from the present Based on eyewitness accounts Can help me figure out If there's a match to this suspect from the past. Even though everything is lining up, No sketch of the suspect has ever been made From witness descriptions to use for comparison until now. Do you think that forensic art can help us Maybe identify who this person was? The only thing that changes it are that you can't talk to him. You can't ask him more questions. But it's a cold case. You got to work with what you've got. We have to solve this crime, Especially if it's a crime of violence. Perfect, let's do it. All right. Cool. This happened over a century ago. All we have is the testimony of witnesses. Scott, I usually like to start, um, If you have anything that talks about his eyes. Okay, he was full-faced here. His eyes set somewhat back in his head. That helps a lot. Probably some dark shadows going on in there. Those kind of features help identify a person. Also said they had a light complexion. That's huge. Another person who said High cheekbones, full-chested, 5'10". One of the things I think is important And was repeated often, Light, sandy beard. One person described the suspect as wearing a hat. Okay. I wish we had more information, But is this enough information For you to feel like you're gonna et a good picture? Let me put it to you this way. We've got limited features, but we have features. While the haymarket suspect is long dead, The mystery of who he was and the important question Of why he set off the bomb is very much alive And still studied by the fbi. If I can find a bona fide link to rudolph schnaubelt, It could be a brand-new lead. I think we're done, scott. I want to see if it matches one of the key suspects. This is rudolph schnaubelt. He is one of the key suspects, and I have to tell you, At this point, I think he's the guy. I'm just thinking, you know, you put a hat on him, As far as the core features, I think it's pretty close. Well, luis, when I look at these two guys, it's uncanny. With not a lot to work on, you did an amazing job. If we could get this guy on a witness stand, I think we could crack him. I would think so. The labor movement in 1886 Brought us many of the liberties we enjoy as workers today Along with fairer wages that are easy to take for granted. But it also brought death sentences for five men And prison sentences for three others Who are all now widely considered To have been unjustly tried for conspiracy. The model on the martyr's monument Memorializing them at the site Where I launched my investigation says, "the day will come When our silence will be more powerful Than the voices you are throttling today." And I'm here to tell bleue benton, Who launched me into this investigation, That day has finally come. The biggest enduring mystery of the haymarket affair Is who threw the bomb that night. Yes. Based on everything I've been able to do here In this investigation, Which included setting off a bomb Exactly like the one that went off that night, I think I know who threw that bomb. Well, I'm very eager to hear your work. All right. One of the things I'm gonna show you right now Was the result of a police artist sketch That was made based upon a description of the suspect From the court testimony back in 1886. So, this is who he drew. Oh, that's very interesting. I think I have an idea of who this might be. It looks exactly like rudolph schnaubelt. That's our guy. I think history has always been Very interested in rudolph schnaubelt. He had a very interesting relationship in that world. And, you know, he left chicago, and he never returned. This is historically fascinating. It really is. And if we go back to 1867... This is right after the civil war... There was a law passed that the eight-hour day Was gonna be the law. The only problem is it was never enforced. I don't think everybody was involved In a violent uprising and throwing bombs. In fact, I think two people That probably had nothing to do with this Were lucy and albert parsons. It's important to remember That not all the anarchists at haymarket, Like the parsons who organized the rally, Supported the violence that ultimately ensued. You know, we reap the benefit of those efforts today With the eight-hour workday, Fair compensation, fair treatment. The slogan is "the labor movement, The people who brought you the weekend." You know, somebody like lucy parsons, Even after her husband's death, For the rest of her life, she fought for the cause, And we owe a lot to people like her and her husband. This case has been a reminder That the rights of common workers That we all benefit from today Were hard-fought with a tragic loss of life on both sides. In 2019, 18 states started the year With increased minimum wages for employees, Including minnesota, where I live. Something that never would've happened Without people championing workers' rights In the late 19th century. Maybe the fbi will now have enough to cross this bombing Off its cold case list. If you have a mysterious artifact or site I need to see, I want to know about it. Go to travelchannel. Com/ americaunearthed. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 