Godfather of Harlem: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Godfather of Harlem 
 s1e7 - Masters of War - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Godfather of Harlem (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Masters of War - full transcript 
 Striking back at the Italians, Bumpy exploits Chin's dark past; Mayme and Elise put aside their differences and Bumpy sees his wife and children reunited before his war explodes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The Families are very concerned about the situation in Harlem. After the riot atFidler's, I was given permission to buy junkfrom any Italian source. I chose Bonanno. But Bonannohad to pay a tax to Chin. He goes behind my back, and he sells supply to Johnson. There may be another wayto settle this debt. Can you please tell this Committee another person who can further our knowledge of the Five Families? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There's an inside man. He's not Cosa Nostra. - Who is he? - Guapo Boricua. Betrayal never comes from your enemies. You always know where they stand. Teddy Greene. That's her boyfriend. It's gonna be a great demo. Your father ain't gonna rest until he's dead. You'll be killin' me, too, if you do it. I need your help. What are we gonna do about Esther? She could bankrupt you. Margaret don't know I'm her mama. I'm her mama. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I don't know what brought me back here. I hate myself out there. Who taught you to hate yourself from the top of your headto the soles of your feet? My father. Minister Malcolm tells me that you are new to the Sisterhood. I am, Dear Holy Apostle. I'd like you to be my eyes and ears within the wallsof Mosque Number Seven. He mentioned my son Lorenzo. It's been six years, Frank. What did you do? I hired a couple of guysto make Lorenzo disappear. I buried his body in the basement at Fidler's store. I know it wasn't easyto do what you did. Easy to kill a snitch. Not so easy to kill a friend. Yeah. I know. I appreciate yousettling your debt with me. So do the other Families. Show your appreciation. I need more duji. I can't go behind Chin's back again. If you want to sell drugsin Harlem, I got to pay his tax. I can move double what he does. A thousand kilos a month. You're not listening. He's goingto know you got it from me. You can smuggle it in from Montreal. Transfer it to me in Maine. I can act like I got it from the Corsicans or the Chinks on Delancey Street. I'll say one thing... You ain't lazy. Yeah. I'm not lazy. You know my son was killedby a nigger gang uptown. Didn't know. Sorry. Never knew who did it. I built this mausoleum, but my wife refused to have a funeral. Every day she goes to St. Mary'sand lights a candle, prays for him to come home. But I know he never will. Sorry about that. Yeah. You know why I'd love to sella ton of drugs in Harlem, Bumpy? It's not'cause of the money. Why? 'Cause every miserablestreet junkie, every skinny kidwho goes to bed hungry because his mamais looking for a fix, every nigger baby born with a habit makes me happy, makes my heart sing. 'Cause I wantyour people to suffer like me and my wifehave been suffering. But I'm not gonna go to warwith Chin over drugs in Harlem. And I don't think you want that, either. Looks good, man. Velvet bar, could've get that Pink Pussycat lit up tonight. Ohh! Better watch it, man. Bonanno agrees to keep selling us the duji? He doesn't want a war with Chin. The Chinese on Delancey are bringing in some good shit. But them motherfuckers, they... they just want to supply their own community. They won't even meet with us. Now, I might have a line on that Lebanese source, "The Arab." He's moving some big weight from Turkey. Yo, we need to score, fellas. Our supply's about to run out. Yeah, what... what we gonna do, Bump? I'm not lazy. Bonanno may not want a war, but... maybe I do. War against who? Chin against Bonanno. They go at each other, Bonanno won't care aboutpaying Chin's tax. He'll sell us the dope. But how... how we gonna do that? Gonna... plant the seeds. I got Chin's daughter in my camp. Maybe I can get something from that. Hey. Bonanno told me that his kid got killed by some Negroes back in '57. What about that? Need you guys to do some digging. The Families want peace. If they find out you're involved, you gonna haveall of them on your ass. Fuck them. Fuck them! If you only knew the shit that they make me put up with. Is this about Guapo? Fuck Gua... It's not about fucking Guapo! It's about getting these motherfucking guineas to kill each other off. This is our war of independence. Only they're gonna do all the fighting. I told you this guy'soff his rocker. The Bureau can't expect any valid information from this lunatic. Thank you. Oh, my God. What? This robe smells like cat piss, Vincent. How long are you gonna keep this up? What? Uh, you know, it keeps the Feds off my back. It's my strategy. It's your strat... Your strategy? To what? To embarrass me in front of the whole neighborhood? Because everybody is whispering behind your back in bingo now. That's just the way it is. What, you want meto go to jail, right? No. I don't want you to go to jail. In fact, you know what, Vincent? You can do whatever you want. You can walk around the neighborhood like a strunz. God bless you. It's your life. Do whatever you want. Hey. Hey. I want to thank you for all you done for me and Teddy. Putting a guardat his momma's house? That ain't no big deal to me. If my father knew you were helping me, it'd be even worse than me stealing his dope. Yeah. That's why I asked you here. I got you. You and Teddy gonna be fine. I'm gonna put his contract, uh, from Bobby Robinson over to Royal Chord Records. Why? Joseph Bonanno is the moneybehind that label. Joseph Bonanno? I spoke to him abouttaking over Teddy's contract. If Teddy's contract's underBonanno, then he's protected, and your father, he can't touch him. That's the way it works. You know that. But you're gonna have to explainthat to Teddy, alright? My father hates Bonanno. He may hate him, but he can't touch his property. Please don't involve Bonanno. Why not? Why not? Bobby Robinson ain't gonna want to give up that contract. He thinks Teddy's a star. Leave that to me. What do you want in return for helping me? What are you after? Nothing. Nobody wants nothing. Hmm. I don't know, Father. I been with a lot of girls, but this is something different. I mean, she is tough, and I respect that. You know, I want to settle down. I want to have kids. I never felt that way before. Love is the language through which our Lord speaks. Her father's my boss. He asked meto take care of something, and she didn't want me to do it. You see what I mean? So I didn't take care of itbecause she didn't want me to, and now that puts me in dutchwith my boss. I'm not sure I follow. Have you been to see me before? No, Father, no. This is my first confessionin a long time. It's about this... Do I listen to my boss, or do I listen to my heart? You must listen to the Lord our God. Yeah. Of course. That goes without saying, but... He makes it hard. He's testing your faith. If you do good, He will reward you with good. But if you do bad, you will reap a bitter harvest. So, basically, you're saying don't break anyof the Commandments. Uh... yes. Mm. That's what they told melast time I was here. Thanks, Father. Being off the junk makesthe truth that much more clear. I'm grateful to you, Brother Minister. No, be... Be grateful to Allah, Sister. You have completed the Muslim Girl Training, and today you will receive your MGT uniform. So, have you told Bumpy about your commitment here? I'm not ready to see him yet. All in good time. I haven't been fully honestwith you, Brother Minister. About what? When I went on the visitlast month with the Dear Holy Apostle, he asked me to be his eyesand ears here at the Temple, concerning you and all. Something about thatdon't sit right with me. Your task is to follow the instructions of the Messenger. Been talking to folks, and it seems there are people inChicago who are jealous of you, maybe even some here in New York. Sister, have faith in Allah. Keep your mind right. I'm fine. I have nothing to hide. Minister Malcolm, I think you are the mostinspiring, incredible man I have ever met. Trust me, Sister. I have my flaws. There are times I fear for you, Brother Minister. We're all going to die, Elise. It's just a matter of when. Good day, Sister. That beautiful little girlain't doing no drugs. First thing I did was call the school. The nun said she was absent today. Absent? She's never cut school in her life. I'm sure Margaret is fine. She's missing! Oh, my God. I need something to steady my nerves. Have you told your husband? No.Hadn't you ought to? Absolutely not! I shouldn't. Uh, I mean... Bumpy has got enough on his mind. And quite honestly, I'm afraid of what his reaction would be. How about going to the cops? Please. You need someoneto help you find her. I think you should tell Bumpy. You know, Bumpy... He has already lost one daughter. I can't let that happen to him again. I'm just an old woman. Reverend Powellis like a movie star. Once he said what he did, my life was ruined. You're referring to Reverend Powell's appearance on the "Lester Wolff Show"? Yes, Your Honor. I couldn't believe the typeof slander I was hearing, accusing me of beinga "bag lady" for the mob? That's exactly what you are! Adam. I'm a God-fearing woman. The ideathat I could be involved in the types of things that hewas talking about is ridiculous. And how did this affect your life, Mrs. James? My life's been threatened. I walk in fear and terror. And the Oscar goes to Esther James! Adam! "A hypocrite with his mouthdestroyeth his neighbor, but through knowledge, the just shall be delivered." You're not the only one that can quote Proverbs. "As a golden jewel in a swine's snout, so is a woman without discretion." Reverend Powell, I'm trying to arbitrate damages. Snide comments aren't helping your case. I can't walk down 125th Streetwithout being harassed. I'm a senior citizen. I've been spit upon, called obscene names... even shunnedby my friends at church. His church. Oh, Merciful Father. I feel like David must have up against ole Goliath. She wants $200,000. Bumpy Johnson says he knows this woman. I need him to set this crazy Sapphire straight. You hear him whispering over there to his Step-and-Fetchit. "Thou cometh to me with a sword, a spear, and a shield, but I cometh to youin the name of the Lord!" Are you kidding me? Me, too. Come on. We don't bite. How can I help you? I appreciate you seeing me, Mr. Gigante. I apologize for taking up your time, but everyone knows that you're the man of influence in Harlem. So, what's the problem? A while back, your daughter came to see me. She wanted me to listen to a musician named Teddy Greene. He's special. So I signed him. Your daughter has good taste, Mr. Gigante. Go on. This morning, these two Italian men came to my store, beat me up, and forced me to sign Teddy's contract over to Royal Chord Records. So, what the fuck you want me to do about it? Since Teddy's a friend of your daughter, I thought maybe that you could help me get my artist back. I'm telling you he's gonna be big. I could cut you in. Of course. Yeah, I'll look into it. Y-You know wherethis Teddy Greene is? Well, that's the thing. I can't seem to find him. I was thinking maybe you could ask your daughter. Alright, we'll get back to you. Thank you, Mr. Gigante. What the fuck was that about? Joe Bonanno ownsRoyal Chord Records. Not on paper, of course, but he controls it. So Bonanno's trying to fuck with me? Yeah. Maybe he's tryingto rub it in your face that your daughter'sfucking a Negro. What are you doing? Turn around. Turn aroundand get the fuck out! Get out! And don't show your faceuntil Teddy Greene is dead! You did good. Real good. Teddy ever hits, you'll get your piece. Thanks. I owe you, man. Putting up the moneyfor my record shop, helping out my mom when my dad passed. Took a lot of courage to straight-up lie to Chin's face. I appreciate it. Well, to be honest, I was ready to piss my pants. That's one scary dude. Sure hope it doesn't blow back on me. He ain't gonna touch you. Tell Teddy? Tell Teddy what? That you moved his contractover to Bonanno. I haven't moved it. Got to talk to Bonanno about it. But I'm sure he'll do it just to aggravate Chin. I thought you were doing itto protect Teddy. That, too. It's all part of a bigger plan. Thanks again. I owe you one on this one. Cecil, you find out anything about those Negroes who killed the Bonanno kid? Del Chance, you ever consideredinvesting in some footwear? A lot can be said about a manby what he puts around his toes. How about I put my toes up your ass if you don't answer my question? Let's see. If I can remember correctly, the white kid's namewas Lorenzo. Yeah. Word has it this Negro Percy in the Savage Skulls was involved. Percy. Yeah, Percy. Spill it, Percy! What do you know about Lorenzo Bonanno, huh?! I don't know... I don't know nothing, man! And then there was Mackie. He was yapping his gums about how the Italian kidwent missing. Mackie. Get up! Get the fuck up! What do you know, Mackie?! What do you know, huh?! Then there was Percy's sister. Wow! She used to jaw about itall the time. Percy's sister? Oh, yeah. So thenwhat happened, baby? Well, they say the Savage Skulls shot the kid. He was just buying reefer. Why would they shoot him? Heard they got paid by some Italian gangster whose daughter he was screwing. Who? I heard it was Chin Gigante. Motherfucking Bonanno. Rip that fucker's throat out. Vincent. Th... This is a house of worship. Come on. You know he treats melike shit. He always has, right? He calls me Vito's driver. I'm the fucking bossof the family. Vincent, please. Yeah, I know we're supposedto turn the other cheek. Yeah, well, it don't work that way. Jesus managed to do it. Yeah, look what happened to him. Bonanno's laughing at me 'cause my daughter'swith a nigger. I'm glad I killed his son. Get out of this confessional. What?! Parishioners are telling me you're walking the streets in a bathrobe, muttering gibberish to the sky. Yeah, it's to keepthe Feds off my back. Are you mentally disturbed? Of course I'm not! You broke the First Commandment out of a misguided desire to protect your daughter, and now you want to kill the Negro she loves. If that's not disturbed, I'm not sure what is. Jesus, I'm... I'm trying. You know? I'm trying to follow the Lord. You know I love her so much. She's... All I want in lifeis for my child to be happy. Then let her go. And all this violence that goes with it. I can tell youthat, uh, President Kennedy is 100% behindthe March in Washington. Yeah, Jack Kennedy supports theMarch now that he can't stop it. Jack's agenda is to get a CivilRights Bill through Congress. Last I checked, it was your agenda, too. Jack and I have a substantial disagreement as to what's in that Bill, and we're not even close to getting it passed. Well, hello, young lady. Hello, Congressman Powell.Hmm. The point is, we would like tosee you take a leadership role in the March. Hmm? We see this asa perfect opportunity for you to show Dr. Kingand the other Negro leaders that you can play nice in the sandbox. If I wanted sand, I'd go to the beach. Kenny, the President needs to understand the movement. What good is a placeat the white man's lunch counter if you don't have a dollar for a sandwich? You have been organizing since Dr. Kingwas still in diapers. You are the grand old man of Civil Rights. And to not have a partof leadership in this? First of all, I'm not old. And second, Jack Kennedy is conning King and Randolph and Rustin into softening the purpose of the March. Oh. So any white man who cares about the Negro situation is a con artist? That's utter bullshit. No, what I am saying... No, what I'msaying is who would you rather see on that mall giving the last speech? Martin Luther King or you? Alright. Alright. I went to the ConventSchool, to the playground, the ice cream shop. I can't find her. I assume you haven't gone to Bumpy yet because you're fearful about his reaction? I am at a loss what to do. Well, the Nation isn't a detective agency, Mrs. Johnson. Will you help me or not? Sure, of course I will. I'll send some Brothers out to look. But I think there's someone herewho might be even more valuable. Elise. What are you doing here? Margaret is missing. What? What did you do to my child? Elise, I would encourage you to put all personal feelings aside and recall the tenets of your faith. How is she going to help me? She knows the streets. I'll send some people out to look, but it would be wiseif the two of you look together. You might learn something from each other. You said a gang sold drugsoutside of Margaret's school. That's Copian territory. What does that have to do with Margaret? She had 15 bags of duji. Likely she's holding itfor someone. She's not a drug dealer. I'm not saying that she is, but where else would she get it? Oh, I forgot. Your husband's a dope dealer. Bumpy doesn't keep that shit anywhere near the house. He would kill anyone who came around his daughter with drugs. He ain't do that for me. Why, hello. Wowee-zowee. What do we have here? Esther James is here. She didn't bring her lawyer. She brought a mediator. Oh, well, uh, I hope she'sin the mood to mediate. Bumpy Johnson. What? Bumpy Johnson? Mm-hmm. Esther. Hmph. Well, hello, Bumpy! Esther's an old friend of mine. Well, of course she is! That Judgehas always hated me. He hated you 200,000 ways. Man, that's steep. Miz James, you should know we plan to appeal. You won in state court, my dear. Next up is Federal. That's my domain. Oh, and I'm sure you have those judges in your pocket, along with that silk handkerchief. You could end up with nothing. It's, uh... Would you consider settling for $125,000? Hell, no. I respect you, Bumpy. That's why I asked for your help. But $125,000 ain't gon' cut it. I'm being shaken downby a bag lady! Reverend, somewhere along the line, you started thinking that the pulpit and the Halls ofCongress made you what you are. No. It's me and all the other little people in Harlem who make you what you are. I'll take $200,000 and not a penny less. I ain't giving this bitcha dime. That's not very Christian of you. And it's not Sunday. Good day, y'all. My dear listeners, Icome to you today with bad news. Now, you notice I didn't say it was surprising news, because I'm not surprised at all that these so-called Negro "leaders" of yours have sold us out to the highest bidder. The March on Washington, in all actuality, has become nothing more than the "Farce on Washington." That's right. I said it. The "Farce on Washington." The original idea for this march came from black men and women in the ghettos who were infuriated by the atrocities like the murder of Medgar Evers, the blood bath in Birmingham. They spoke of... of storming the appropriately named "White" House and forcing Congress to do something. But as soon as these whites heard about this black steamroller, they called a meeting between the government and all the nonviolent Uncle Tom Negroes they could find... Oh, brother. Now I have to hear this shit?...to turn this March into a one-day picnic for integrationist Toms and their self-satisfied white "liberal" massas. What do you want from me, Reverend? My blessing for yourparticipation in the Farce? I have voiced to Kennedy's man some of the same concerns that you have... That the Kennedy government is trying to co-opt this March and tamp down our anger. So you must be aware that aconsortium of white businessmen gave the "Big Six" Negro leadersa million and a half dollars to buy their cooperation. If that is true, is it possible that they gave it because they agree with our aims? A bribe by any other nameis still a bribe, Reverend. What the fuck do you want to do, Brother Minister? Have Negroes have an insurrection in the street? Have thousands of black brothersand sisters lying dead when the National Guard mows us down with their rifles? I don't know about you, but I'd rather die fighting than to sell my soulto the devil. I was asked by Kennedy to participate. And my initial instinct was to say no. But when I hear you prattling on about fighting violence with violence, I am compelled to join, if for no other reason than to prove that the loudest voice isn't always the smartest. Good day, Brother Minister. Bobby, I just want you to know that I didn't ask Bumpy Johnson to sell my contract to another label. I mean, he's... he's... he's protecting me from one mobster by selling me to another? That's show biz. Look, I appreciate all you done for me. Look, you're a big talent, kid. Bumpy knows what he's doing. I hope so. Listen, you get protectedfrom Chin, and Bonanno's record companyhas enough dough to buy off those disc jockeys. They'll put you on the radio. Wait here. Listen. Do not, under any circumstances, come out. What's going on, man? How are you, Bobby? I'm good. And you? What can I do for you? Mr. Gigante wants to help you get Teddy Greene back on your label. Well, that's great. First, he needs to have a conversation with him. You know where I can find him? I'm right here, motherfucker. Give me that. Keep moving, motherfucker. You can't do this. You'll be running for the rest of your life. I'm already running. You ever kill anyone before? No. Keep moving. But I know you have. Like my friend Lionel. I got no idea who that is. That poor motherfuckeryou thought was me? Keep moving. That's it. Come on. Come on. Turn around. Put it in the back of my head. I don't want to see it coming. Turn around. Fuck it. Go ahead! Do it! She hates you, you know. You thought she wantedto go out with you, but it was just to keepher fucking father off her back. She hates her father. That's whyshe goes out with you. Bumpy Johnsonset me up with Bonanno so you can't come after me no more. Stay away from my girl. Well, you wanted to start a war. And when Bonanno finds out that Chin killed his kid, you gonna have it. We need proof. We might find it in Fidler's basement. Bump, I been with you since I came out the Army. And I've always respected that you never make a decision out of emotion. And I rarely have had occasion to question your judgment, but... But this is oneof those rare occasions? Have you thought this thing through? Down to a "T." A battle between those Families will be fought in Harlem. Our folks... Innocent folks are gonna die. Do you want to be freeof the guineas? Is that what this is about? Or did they hurt your pride? I spent three years in a trench in Korea, and I learned one thing about war, Bump. Nobody really wins. Mm-hmm. "Stronger Together." I like it. Alright, Kenny! Count me in! Adam. Hello. What's the posters? Pretty great, right? "Jobs For All." "Decent Pay Now." "Freedom March"? "Stronger Together"? Oh, come on, Kenny! How about one that says, "I Love Puppies"? Adam, please. For crissake, Kenny, four little girls were blown up in a church basement. They're posters. Okay. My first action as part of the leadership committee... You. Fired. Thank you, white folks. You're fired! Fired! This is a March by Negroes for Negroes. You're fired, too, Kenny. We need to talk. Oh, come on. Frankly, I am not in agreement with this, but the President has spoken to the others, and they have decided to exclude you from the leadership committee. What? Yes, Martin and the others think that this whole Esther James slander suit makes you toxic. Martin "Loser" King thinks I'm toxic? Jack does, too. He's putting his money on King. Now, we know Martin does not have a way with words like you do, but we are hoping that he comes up with a half-decent speech. Motherfucker. You sold me out, Kenny. I know you lied, talking to the President. Jack! Fuck him, too! Please, please, I'm begging you. You must tell no one I'm showing you this. Shut up! Mr. Gigante owns the building, yes, and what he does is up to him. I just lease the space. Shut the fuck up! I knew Chin had something buried down here. I always thought it was money. Turns out it was Bonanno's son. It's empty. He moved the fucking body. So much for proof. I don't know anything about a body! Not a fucking word. Shh. Okay. Okay. This is it. My Lord. They sell spoons of dujiin here. And also needles. You've been. Not in a while. But sometimes I "fish" herewith the Sisters. Fish? Share the story of mytransformation with other users. They'll listen to a former junkie. How long you been clean? Three months, 27 days. I am sorry I gave you $100 for drugs when you came by to see Margaretthat night. That wasn't Christian of me. Allah teaches we must forgive. I'm still learning how. No! No. No! Well, come on. Come see what paid for your fine jewelry and the furniture in that penthouse of yours. This is where the bills get sent. They peddle in the back. Get the fuckout of here, Sister. We don't want no crazy-assMuslims up in here. Come on, get the fuck out. You've been selling dope near the Handmaids of Mary Convent School? Damn. What's Sugar Hill doingup in here? Do you know who I am? Should I? My name is Mayme Johnson, Bumpy Johnson's wife. You can either talk to us, or I can call him to come and talk to you. Miss... Mrs. Johnson. I'm sorry. You will answer this woman's questions and treat her religion with respect. Do you understand? Yes, ma'am. Any of your pushers tell you they were short 15 spoons? Police raided the block where Ronnie Gaines was sellingyesterday. He said he stashed a packagein some girl's bag and ran. I don't know what happenedafter that. Well, do you know where this girl is? I have no idea. Don't worry. We'll find her. Tell me about Lorenzo Bonanno. What about him? Did your father have him killed? How should I know? Because you were seeing Lorenzo. Teddy. Lorenzo. Makes no big differenceto him, does it? I don't know what you're talking about. I know it's hard to admitthat your father, he's a monster... That his love for you, it's... it's so twisted that he would killany man who wanted to have you. Come on, Stella. Tell the truth. I was 13, and he was 17. We were in love, and... And one day, he just dis... Disappeared. Police came by, and ever... Everybody was looking for him. They never found the body. For a long time, I tried to convince myself my father had nothing to do with it. But nowyou know better, right? I hate him. No. You love him. That's why you buried itfor so long. Look, if you want to protect Teddy, just do what I say, alright? Well, you're here, so that meansthat Teddy Greene is dead. No? You fucked up again? Boss, I-I, uh... It's alright. You're off the hook. Your lucky day. Huh? I'm done with Stella. What do you mean? She will reap what she sows. We'll all reap what we sow. Teddy Greene is under Bumpy Johnson's protection. I bet he convinced Bobby Robinson to sell the kid's contract to Royal Chord. He's trying to stir the pot with you and Bonanno. I've had enough of Bumpy Johnson. There's something I want you to do. You better have a good reasonfor getting me out here. I asked you here because I have a daughter. And I don't know whether she's dead or alive. So I know the kind of pain that you're in. I'm here to talk to you about your son and who you blame for his murder. You found the niggersthat killed my son? Give me their names. Name your price. It was two Negroes who killed your kid, who were later killed by the guy who hired them. Who? Vincent "Chin" Gigante. I don't believe you. You don't have to. You can hear it from his daughter. Your rhetoricis quite inflammatory. But you makesome very good points, particularly aboutthe co-option of the March by the Kennedy government. The Honorable Elijah Muhammadis lucky to have you. Elijah doesn't trust me anymore. Why is it when a Negro becomes successful, his own peoplewant to pull him down? I've given everything to the Nation. Sometimes everythingain't enough. May I ask the nature of your visit? I came to ask you if you're freeon August 28th. If you are, perhapsyou would accept, as my gift, a ticket to Washington. Well... Let's raise some hell. That's what I was hoping you'd say. We found a shallow grave in the basement over at Fidler's. Looks like the body'sjust been moved. You sell Bumpy Johnson all the junk he wants. This is war. Done? Yeah. Hey. Look who I got. I found her hiding out in my office. She wouldn't tell me why. Oh, my God. Come over here. Come here to me. Where did you go? Why did you do that? Elise? Hello. What's going on? Why you dressed like that? This is how Muslims dress. Are you surprised, Daddy? Why is she calling you "Daddy"? Are you my sister? Yes, Margaret. I'm your big sister. She was a tremendous help to me. Yeah. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Daddy! Daddy! Oh, no! Oh, dear Lord. Oh, my God. You're okay, baby. Daddy. It's okay, baby. Everything's gonna be alright, baby. Say something, Daddy. Okay? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 