Godfather of Harlem: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Godfather of Harlem 
 s1e2 - The Nitty Gritty - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Godfather of Harlem (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Nitty Gritty - full transcript 
 Realizing a consistent source of heroin is vital to reclaim Harlem, Bumpy engages in a fevered search to find a dope supply independent of the Italians. Chin engages the services of crooked cops in a plot to arrest Bumpy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 So, I want you to talk to me... about how they locked you in a cage like an animal. Baby, nobody does that time and comes out fine. I was scared. Baby, we have got a lot to lose. And I need you to control your temper. The Italians. They're creating a problem for us, Bumpy. That's Chin Gigante's crew. Harlem's mine. Times have changed. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I haven't. He went away on a narcotics rap. He never snitched. Bumpy is protected. I knew that cat before he changed his name, before he got that "X." Shutting down drug corners where children grow up is the Nation's cause. Think if it was yours. I'll speak to Costello about getting you on the ballot. And what do you want in return? We can... thank Bumpy Johnson for this. I'm saving your ass. I'm gonna send him down South for awhile, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 till things cool off. Now, this is Richie Zambrano. He's my capo. He come down from Detroit. He's my cousin. I'm gonna give Johnson 110th to 160th Street. Your daughter's fine. I want to help you. I'm high, Daddy. Leave me alone. I can't. Del Chance. What? You come here to wish me happy birthday? Happy birthday, Big Earl. Chance here about the hardest motherfucker who ever walked the streets of Harlem. I want you to meet somebody. Big Earl Ison, this is Bumpy Johnson. Bumpy Johnson. Shit, I've been hearing stories about you since I was in britches. Chance told me about how you took the Parkside Houses. It's impressive. You mind if I bend your ear for a minute? Earl... you know the one thing that the guineas have always had over us? They were organized. Capos, consiglieres, soldiers -- it's a hierarchy. It's that organization -- that organization that got them where they are today. But we -- we've always been disorganized. I mean, how else could the white man snatch millions of Negroes out of Africa? Instead of coming together and crushing them, we're so busy warring amongst ourselves. I mean, we rely on the Italians for our numbers banks, for the dope. We pay a tax for all the women that we put out on the street, for the dice games in the alley. I mean, this shit -- This shit -- Come on! This shit gotta stop, right? And you're gonna be the boss man? I've been on this street for 30 years, and what we need is organization. You and me... You'd make more money, and you'd have protection -- the kind of protection you get when we got each other's backs. This is what I want to accomplish. What about the duji? Can't control Harlem unless you got a steady source of duji. The guineas, they -- they'll sell you a key for $27,000... but I can get it from the spics for $21,000. Come on! That second-class shit? I get that grease ball dynamite. How you think I took over Parkside? You cut that shit 80%, ooh. Still knock a motherfucker on his ass. It's your choice, Earl. You the legend, Bumpy. Just a little outta step. Besides, the guineas do just right by me. So, if you will excuse me, I need to... get back to my ladies. Alright. Happy birthday. Take that nigger out back. One thing Earl was right about... we need that duji. Aw, fuck! Fuck. Officers... I can explain. Quite honestly, I work with juvies in my spare time. I gave this kid a ride to the airport to visit his grandmother in Syracuse. I had no idea he left that in there. Tell it to your attorney. Fellas, come on. We gotta be able to work this out. You O'Halloran's brother? Chuck O'Halloran from the 27th? That's my man. We got to the Copa together. We chase the ladies. He'll vouch for me. Shut the fuck up. Hey, boyos! It's Detective Ryan Clark. Special Investigative Unit. We heard your call to dispatch. Congratulations. You just helped to close a three-months investigation. We'll take it from here, fellas. Come on, Schoolboy. Let's go. Get that white boy? Chin: You want to sell me back my dope? How much? We seized three keys. The buyback's $20,000 a key. That's 60K. No, 30. 10 a key. Your guy only got arrested by beat cops, not us. We gotta make that go away, too. 45. We don't negotiate. The fuck? If one of yours gets pinched, you buy back your dope. That's the rule. Yeah. It's a deal. Get the money. In the old days, your delivery guy would've been in a '52 Chevy. In that Karmann Ghia blastin' that nigger music... his license plate might as well have said "Pusher." Yeah, so what? What, you never had fun when you were a kid? Come on. I forgot. You're -- You're a cop. No fun for cops. Hang on a second. There's a guy in Harlem, and I can't touch him 'cause he's protected by the families. We're not button men. 50 grand. 50 grand to send that nigger back to Alcatraz. I only ever buy my coke from the Colombianos, but they're telling me their heroin -- pretty good. I need some good duji, Guapo.Trust me. My Colombiano friend says his shit is good. Alright, let's see what The Vein gotta say. Go ahead, man. I don't mind if I do. This ain't it. What the fuck is this? This wrong. It's bad. Give him a shot of that good shit.Fuckin' bullshit! Hurry it up. Come on, man.What is this, man? Calm down. My man, calm down. - Give me some real shit. - Hey, come on, man. You're supposed to be helping me out here. I need that good duji, Guapo. The good shit! She really loves me. Can you focus, Guapo? I heard about this Cuban pusher up off 58th and Lenox. Bump, you ain't moving no serious weight without the guineas. I'm through with the guineas, man. What about this... Cuban pusher? Feo Gomez? Yeah. That's one strange motherfucker. He hates cold-callers. Who don't? I'll give Feo a call. Please, I need it. One more shot. Baby, knock that monkey off your back. Come on. Kick the habit. Kick whitey off your back. Please, one more shot. One more shot. Please! How long will she be here? I can't give you an exact date or time. And how come? Because it depends. On what? On how long it takes her to admit to herself she's an addict. She don't gotta admit nothing. Elise is dope fiend. You ever wonder why there are more addicts in Harlem than anywhere in the Western world? We narcotize ourselves against being black in America. Alright, alright. The white man uses narcotics to subjugate us just as firmly as a master's whip and chain. Minister, I appreciate you taking the time. Ellsworth has always spoken highly of you. But I believe that Jesus Christ is our Lord and Savior. Ellsworth has tried to help that girl six ways to Sunday and white man or no white man, she ain't never getting that monkey off her back. Well, she is not lost to Allah. She is his child just as much as she is yours. My child? Do I look old enough to be her mother? Forgive me. Ellsworth had Elise long before we met. We adopted Margaret because Elise wasn't in no shape to be a proper mother. She is the one who needs forgiven. Pettigrew: Come on, Chance. You need to get with the times. Nigga, I don't eat no forbidden fruit. Get with it, man. You need to eat the pussy. Raw meat? I ain't no Jap stuck on Okinawa, motherfucker. Women want more these days, Chance. Unless you can put it in a frying pan with some onions and some gravy... I ain't eating that shit. Money's in the trunk. I'm gonna talk to this Feo Gomez. If I ain't out in 10, then something's wrong. Bumpy Johnson. They call me Feo. You got the money? It's nearby. Guapo said you're alright. Yeah, yeah. I'm alright. You're supposed to bring the money. After I see the duji. Guapo said you did Alcatraz. What we talkin' about? What does that have to do with anything? Just being friendly. Sample right there. So-so, man. Get the money. Why you sweatin'? It's cold as witch's tit in here. Why are you sweatin'?High blood pressure. I got a heart condition. What's down there? Bedroom. Mind if I go check it out? Hermano! I got a three-month-old baby in there. My wife will kill my ass if I wake that kid up. Now go get the money,  pendejo. If you want the junk! Gotta make sure, man... Hands up, nigger. Don't fucking move. He said he would kill my wife and baby if I didn't set you up. Lo siento. He's sorry. You're under arrest for drug possession and murder. - Are you Bobby Robinson? - Who's asking? Stella Gigante. Vincent Gigante's daughter. So, what can I do for you, Miss Stella? In my opinion, you're the best judge of talent in the music business. Teddy Greene is special. The minute you listen, you're gonna want to sign him, too. Just take a listen. Hello? Teddy? Baby? I see why my mama left here. If I was with you, I'd be hanging from a tree right now. Teddy, baby, listen to me. Bobby Robinson's gonna listen to the demo. Are you serious? I'm telling you... he's gonna listen to it, he's gonna love it, and it's all gonna happen. I'll be in Harlem on the next bus back. Baby, you can't do that. Not until all this stuff with my dad is settled. Even now, he's got one of his soldiers following me around. But don't worry. I have a plan. I'm gonna convince him we broke up. What? It'll get him off our back. I couldn't sleep last night. I miss you bad, Stell. I don't care about him. Right now, I'm thinking it'd be all right to die if it meant I'd get another night with you. Teddy, you know we gotta play it safe. And you know my father. There's something that's been bothering me, 'cause... I thought about killing her. Your daughter? Yeah, who fucked the nigger. Yeah. Vincent. Don't turn your back. She's the prodigal. Yeah, prodigal. Yeah, I remember Sister Rose used to drill that story into my head. God often uses the prodigals in our lives to bring us closer to him. They are the iron that sharpens our faith. You cannot argue your daughter back or shame her back. She won't come until God decides it's done. I'll pray for it. One day... just like the prodigal son... she will come to her senses. Cheer up, Vincent. It'll all work out in the end. Thanks, Louis. - I'll see you at Ma's next Sunday, right? - Yeah. She's making the manigott and braciole. Nice. Name and address. Name! Do I gotta beat it out of you, nigger? You know who this is? This is Ellsworth Raymond Johnson. D'Alessandro. They made you captain? I thought you'd be on foot patrol your whole career. Hello, Johnson. I see you're back in cuffs, where you belong. How's the house you bought in the Jersey Shore with all that pat that I used to pay you? Bigger than a six-foot cell on Alcatraz. He killed Feo Gomez, Captain. You killed Gomez? Come on. They set me up. What the fuck are you talking about? Vincent Gigante has it out for my ass. I think that he hired your boys... to send me back to jail.Fuck you. You know what I hear? You know what I hear? I hear that these -- these so-called detectives took over an arrest on 125th in front of a whole crowd of black folks. They arrested a Genovese courier with three kilos, which I'm betting are no longer in the evidence locker. That's Chin's dough. So, I figure your boys... they're working with Chin. It's true what they say about micks -- featherweights. Don't pack nothing in a punch. If City Hall finds out that your cops are in with the guineas, you're gonna have an investigation that brings this whole precinct down. This is clean, right? Damn right, it is. Weapon with prints? He wiped 'em. Make it stick. I need my phone call, D'Alessandro. I want my phone call. Fuck you! You want the case to stick? Give the man his phone call. I remember one day back in '47, I ran into your father in front of the Woolworth's on 125th. He pointed to my reflection in that plate glass window and laughed at me. Yeah. I had my zoot suit on, my hair conked red. "Boy, get your bow-legged black ass outta Harlem." So I went up to Boston, did more foolish things... ...but his words set me on the path. If I can change, you can, too. When Daddy was inside, I thought of him in that little cell, and it made me cry. I wrote him a letter, told him I was clean, I had a job. I was all right. And I was lying. I wrote that letter high as a kite. Y'all allowed to smoke reefer in Islam? I could use a reefer. No, Sister. We Muslims are forbidden all substances that dull the mind. Then it ain't gonna work. I ain't been clean since I was 12. That's all right. Sister Marny got you beat. She was addicted straight out of the womb. No matter what your story is... someone got worser. Your struggle, Elise, is to find why you use narcotics. Feels better than anything I ever felt. Feels like God. Do you feel God... on those cold-turkey mornings, searching the streets for someone who might be holding? Do you feel God in the white man who ushers you into his car and treats your body like a garbage can? Fulfill that letter. Get clean. Get a job. Get all right. I have faith in you, Elise. Those cops really set me up good. Chin accused you of killing Richie Zambrano, and now this. To top it all off, you want to organize the Negroes in Harlem. I got a right to do my business. Rights... Funny thing about you and your people and "rights." We all got rights. And Chin has a right to protect his territory? So do I. Look, the more you go at him, the more he will have ammunition to convince the Families that you are a liability. Chin's gonna keep coming at me, no matter what the Families say. Did you kill Zambrano? Of course not. He's a made man. Bumpy, I didn't know my phone was tapped! I should fuck you up, Guapo! Bump, Bump, I'm sorry. How those motherfuckers got a-a bug in my phone, I-I-I don't know. I'm the one who's been in jail for 11 years. You're supposed to be up on what the flatfoots are doing, man! Yeah, all this modern technological shit is making me crazy, man. I had to drop 20 large on that judge. I'll pay you back. No, man, I'm not asking you to pay my bills. I can't keep control the streets without drugs. I need the duji. Given that you just got popped, you think it's a good idea you should be scoring right now? They won't be watching me now that I'm out on bail. These cops, man, they're fucking animals. They're robbing and killing dealers. I mean, there's more smack in that evidence room than anywhere on Pleasant Avenue. They're selling dope. Kill one dealer, sell their stash to another. These cops are competing with the guineas. We could've squeezed Feo Gomez for another 10 years. Instead, you gotta kill that fuckin' spic and saddle up with Gigante? Do not listen to Ellsworth Johnson. Bumpy's right. If City Hall finds out about this, we're fucked. They ain't gonna.  Shut up, you fuckin' paddy! You shut up! We're not working with the guineas. You got a precinct full of coppers who give you a piece of every score. Back the fuck off, or you'll end up with a bullet in the back of your fuckin' head. You got that? I still can't understand why you stole the drugs. I'm sorry, Daddy. Yeah, I don't know what you were thinking. Well, Teddy had a contact who could sell it on the street. So we figured we could turn a key into 40 grand, and then buy a new key to replace it. So I went to Aunt Carola's. When she was in the kitchen, I went to that -- that closet where you keep it hidden. How the fuck do you know any of this shit? Daddy, I have eyes, and I have a brain. What, so you steal from your family like the fuckin' niggers do? Dad! Forgive me. Where is he? Where is he? I don't know. Meaning what? I don't know. It's over with us. I swear. So, what, you got, like, a... You got, like, a thing for black guys, or, what, this was one time? It was... It was his music. You know I love music. And he has this beautiful voice. So does Sinatra. Frank Nunzi's son... he always had the warms for you. He's a good kid. You remember Ernie. He's doing well for himself. You want my forgiveness? You let him take you out. Alright. Reverend Powell... all people talk about is Martin Luther King, but you are the true force behind civil rights legislation. Well, I can't thank you enough for pushing through the Harlem Youth Opportunities Act. The work I am doing with the HARYOU organization is essential to the youth in our community. Well, the committee couldn't have made a better choice in making you the fundraising chair. Or... a more lovely one, Mrs. Johnson. I've got the boxer Doug Jones' support. He's going to donate his gloves for auction after his fight with Cassius Clay. But we are still facing a significant operating deficit. Well, I must be honest with you, Mayme. Is it all right if I call you Mayme? I have squeezed every last dime out of Washington on this one. I can't get another dime for HARYOU. There are thousands of children depending on these programs. And if we can't get more funding, we'll have to shut some down. You're known as the man who can get things done in Washington. You know, I'm... I'm terribly sorry. I hate to disappoint you. But I've squeezed all the money I can. I am so happy you got back on the ballot, what with all the work you do to serve the people. You know, Bumpy mentioned he put in a word with Frank Costello, and your problems with Tammany Hall went away. Let me see what I can do, digging up some more funding. Good day, Mrs. Johnson. Good day. Let us toss the gauntlet before the feet of tyranny, and I say, segregation now, segregation tomorrow, and segregation forever. The Washington, D.C., school riot report is disgusting and revealing. We will not sacrifice our children to any such type school system -- and you can write that down. Why you watching that cracker? We're waiting for "Wagon Train" to come on. We always watch "Wagon Train" on Wednesdays.Okay. - Honey, I have to talk to your father. - Mama... We'll watch it next week, baby. For you. Thank you. And I got something for you, too, little one. I found a Negro doll. Thank you. I guess I'll go do my homework now. Alright. We gave all her dolls to the Handmaidens of Mary two years ago. So, what does she like to do now? Read books. Just like you. Okay. Chance called. I got jammed up. How'd you get out? Costello got a judge downtown. Look, you always think three moves ahead, but the landscape is different now. You have got to take that into account. Now I know. Honestly, I -- I don't know what's with you. Getting roped by police, taking Elise off the street. Elise? What does Elise got to do with this? What is your plan, Ellsworth? If she stays clean, which I doubt, what's she gonna do? What, is she gonna show up here? Want to be some kind of mother? I'll take care of that, alright? You keep her away from Margaret. For the child's sake. You understand? I used to feel the street. It used to whisper in my ear, you know? But I can't feel nothing right now. That'll come back. Youngbloods out there, guys in their 30s, hungry like I was. I'm outta step. I don't know if you can teach old dogs a new trick. But sometimes you can fool a new dog with an old one. Come here. Hey, little one. Daddy? How you doing, little girl? Okay, I guess. You look -- You look good. After you leave here, I'm gonna set you up with a -- an apartment... money for food... a job. Been years out there, eating outta bins, having hell inside my skull. I want to get better. You will. I want to see my daughter. I want to see Margaret. Down the road, you will. She's all I think about -- seeing her... talking to her, holding her. I sit here, remembering what she smelled like. What she sounded like when she was happy. What did you tell her about me? What you want me to say to her? I mean, she's just -- she's just a little girl. She don't need to know all this kind of stuff. You know? Margaret don't know I'm her mama. She was just a year old when we took her in. Mayme thought that it was best for her to think that we were her folks. That bitch been playin' house with my kid for 11 years? She raised the child that you gave away when you chose that needle! Get out of here. I'm sorry. Look. Elise... get the fuck out of here! Leave her alone.  Hey, what are you doing? Excuse me. This is my daughter, alright? I'm gonna go by. She's just so angry. Well, she's going through detox, Bumpy. Junkies are fools. You saw that, so you got clean. Why can't she see? Well, I identified the causes. My addiction was born out of intense lack of self-esteem and childhood trauma. I wasn't a good father, alright? I was too busy trying to make a dime. Hey, I'm hip to the game, brother, but don't you realize the hypocrisy? I didn't put a needle in nobody's arm. That's their choice. Was it her choice her father wasn't around? If we could do things over... the world would be a better place, now, wouldn't it? I have never said the path was easy, but it's simple. No offense, Malcolm, I don't see Elise becoming a Muslim. How do you see her? Or do you see her at all? What's that supposed to mean? Who is she to you? Hey, Stell. What's kickin'? Ernie Nunzi. You grew. You, too. You're even more beautiful. I haven't seen you since Loyola. I'm better-lookin'. Better car. This a Volkswagen? They had to get with the times. It's a Karmann Ghia. So, where to? The Village, maybe? Listen to some Negro music? You like Negro music? Smokey Robinson, The Shirelles -- I'm not a wop who can't listen to nothing but Damone and Sinatra. Where you wanna go? Your old man just wants what's best for you. He doesn't know what's best -- he's got millions of dollars, and his idea of a vacation is to roll up his pants and wade in the water at Ocean Park. What's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? He's got no interest in the world outside Pleasant Avenue. Pleasant Avenue ishis world. Little Italy, too. It's who he is. Thank you. Thank you! Thank you. You mind if I go to the ladies'? Of course. Hey, Lionel. Hey, Lionel. Hey. Hey, it was a great set. Thank you. Have you heard from Teddy? I talked to my auntie in Charleston. She says he misses you something awful. Really? Alright, gorgeous, I gotta split for my next gig. They're gonna love you. Wallet was in the car. Drinks are cheap here. Hands up, motherfucker. Just here to see Chin. Yeah. Yeah, wait. No, wait. No, no, no. It's okay. Yeah. Alright. To what do I owe the pleasure? You broke our agreement. Which was that I was free to operate in Harlem. Yeah, well, not at my expense. Come. Sit down. You want espresso? So, why are you here? I was sentenced to 11 years on a drug deal that your people fucked up. I could've walked in two if I'd have snitched. Now you're framing me with the cops. Come on. You kidnapped my daughter. You forced me to cover for you for killing Richie Zambrano. I can speak just as much truth as you, Johnson. You want truth? That might be the only thing we have in common. You and me are gonna be at war till one of us is dead. That, my Negro friend, is the truth. If you continue to use the cops against me, I am going to retaliate against you. Sully. You killed Richie Zambrano. It's a made man. Costello covered for you with the Families. And I'm not allowed to touch you, but it could come out. And when it does, I will be there with a fuckin' bone saw to cut your fuckin' hands off. Zambrano? Who's that? I mean, you want me to put the word out on the street to find out who did him? I will. In fact... "JK5... 0175." Now I got your number. And I know how to reach you. Still don't know why you wanted to go see Chin. His number might come in handy. How? If we can't get duji from the guineas, we need to get it from the next best source. And who's that? The NYPD. Listen. You just follow my instructions to the letter. If we pull this off, there's a lot of money for both of us. You just got to do what I say, a'ight? Sometimes to be the new dog, you need an old trick. Hello? Mrs. Johnson, I was just calling to say that we looked under a rock, and I found more funding... for your Harlem Youth Advancement project. Why, thank you. $10,000, to be exact. I appreciate it. Drugs are the scourge of our community, and whatever can be done to mitigate the problem must be done. Our children's lives are at stake. Just a second. Just a second! I'm here to see Margaret. No. I got a right to see her. She's my daughter. The hell she is. I took that poor, innocent little baby, and I raised her. Sang to her, read to her, changed her diapers, washed her clothes, cooked her dinner. Don't matter what you did for her. You ain't her mother, Mayme. I am. You ain't no mother. You are nothing. I'm her mama. Hold on. I got something for you. Here. $100. You think you can buy me? I know I can. You bitch! Don't move. Take it. Take it. Old dogs. New tricks. $20,000 down. When do I get the rest? I'll cut the duji, bag it, take it down to the street. You'll get $300K in two, three weeks. Kramer was gonna make a move on me. Did you put down his badge number? Fellas, if I stole the dope, I wouldn't leave my fucking badge. Then why do you have Chin's number? Fuck that. Old dogs gotta move fast. Yeah. You were right. She led me straight to that nigger boyfriend. Took care of it? He's gone. New York City. 125th Street. Take me home. You motherfucker. Next time, I'll kill her. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 