Godfather of Harlem: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Godfather of Harlem 
 s1e6 - Il Canto de Malavita - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Godfather of Harlem (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Il Canto de Malavita - full transcript 
 Elijah Muhammad tours Malcolm X's mosque where he meets Elise and asks her to spy on Malcolm; Chin finds out Teddy is alive, leaving Ernie Nunzi to correct his mistake; Esther James sues Adam Clayton Powell Jr. for slander. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Stella Gigante? You're not gonna tell my father. 'Cause if there is one thing my father would hate even more than me fucking Teddy is that you fucked up and killed the wrong guy. I will use my Congressional immunity to enter into the Congressional record the name of one Italian numbers operation each week. You move all your stuffthrough my capos, $22,000 a key. I sell mine for $26,000. You're taxing me 4 grand a key? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I don't know what brought me back here. I fucked it up last time. Stumbling isn't falling. I'm sure you've heardof the Congressional hearings that I'm chairingwhere a "Mr. Joseph Valachi" has decided to spill the beans on the mob. I'm not a snitch, man. This is not snitching. This is good business. Moses didn't say "turn the other cheek." Moses taught those slaves how to defend themselves against their enemy. I have a beef I want to bring to your attention. What's your name? Alejandro Villabuena. I have names. Who? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Her name... is Esther James. I need $300,000 cash in advance with the product. To a new world. To a new world. Names keep going aroundin my brain, but only one comes to mind. Joe Bonanno, who's objectingto pay me taxes. All those kilosthat he was gonna advance you are now in my possession. May we have order in the chamber, please? Can we come to order? Can you state your name? Joseph Valachi. And when were you born? In 1904, September 22. And where? In New York City. I would like to ask, are you a memberof any special organization whose primary business is to pursue crime and protect those of its memberswho do commit crime? I am. What is the name? Cosa Nostra. That is in Italian? It means "Our Thing." Let me state for the record that Mr. Valachi is the first man with knowledge of the racketeering hierarchy ever to break the underworld's code of silence. His information will bring the picture of organized crime in America into sharper focus. And the picture is an ugly one. It is a private government of crime with an annual income in billions, resting on a base of human suffering and moral corrosion. Mr. Valachi, as strange as it may seem, you are doing your country a great service. He's a motherfuckin' snitch. Would you tell us why you decided to cooperate with the Department of Justice and this Committee? Well, the answer to that is very simple. To destroy them. Destroy who? The Cosa Nostra Leaders, the Bosses. I remember when Vito pricked his finger with a needle. You, uh, want to destroy the whole syndicate? He was supposed to be MY BROTHER.VALACHI: That is right. Yes, sir. And why do you feel like it should be destroyed? The Bosses have been very bad to the soldiers. I've stolen for them. I've killed for them. I've broken God's commandments for them, and what do I get out of it? Nothing but misery. A Genovese soldier is a rat? Is it safe to assume that these... Must run in the family. Bosses would be unhappy withyour testimony here today? What I'm tellin' you, what I'm exposing to you, to the press, to everybody, this is my doom. So you were scared that the Genovese crime family would whack you after you were convicted of narcotics violations and saw no other way out than to testify here today? Somebody lower that fucking thing before I shoot it. If we wanted a talking horse, we coulda watched "Mr. Ed." All right, let's get to why we're really all here. The Families are very concerned about the situation in Harlem. Not what they're concerned about. We talked about it a million frickin' times, all right? We made an agreement that he could sell his dope in my territory as long as he paid my tax for every kilo. And then this greedy fuckin' bastard, he goes behind my back, and he sells supply to Johnson. How many times do I got to fuckin' talk about it? After the riot at Fidler's, I was given permission to buyjunk from any Italian source. I chose Bonanno. But Bonanno had to pay a tax to Chin. But that's not my problem. All right, so I got my hand caught in the cookie jar, okay? It doesn't mean that Chin can whack two of my men and steal my junk. Sure it does. You broke the agreement. Joe... you got to take the loss. Okay. But what about the 300 large in cash that I gave Bumpy in advance? Which I intended topay back once I got theprofits from the junk. Yeah, Bumpy, a debt is a debt. You owe him 300 large. I need some time to pay him back. I want my money now. Alright, there may be another way, if Joe is agreeable, to settle this debt. What's that? You whack Joe Valachi. I stayed single as long as I could because I knew my own weaknessesand shortcomings. I felt that marriage would bluntmy effectiveness. I just couldn't see where I could devote the time to a Sister that is demanded by the woman of today. I ducked, dodged, twisted. I turned and ran from marriage as long as I could. I once told you that man does not hunt wild gameinto thick brush and not gethis hunting suit torn or his flesh scratched. Yeah, only Allah has saved me from being scratched and wounded unto death. When Betty was in Chicago, she spoke of your frequent absences. I wasn't aware Betty came to see you. Brother, you were slow to get married because I made you see the great responsibilityto a Sister after marrying her. I admit, she gets furious when she can't exercise her will over mine and resorts to pouting, crying, and every other tactic. Tactics? Or appropriate punishmentfor your lack of humility? I read The New York Timesarticle about your successful rehabilitation program. Yes, we, uh, send former addictsout fishing for other addicts. On that point, minister, word has come to me that you are associating with a known dope peddler by the name of Bumpy Johnson. Oh, yes, he's an old friend. A mentor, really. In fact, he helpedset me on the path to you. Amazing, the stepping stones that lead us to Allah. Indeed. And yet... here you are representing our faith on the national stage. Surely you know I... I use those appearances to tout your beneficent guidanceand the glories of Islam. Of course. But association with a manwho puts poison onto our streets doesn't square with your work here. With all due respect, the Nation is built on menlike Bumpy Johnson. Men who are driven to criminality only because of lackof opportunity. The Nation is built on our teachings. If the gangster can be madepolitically conscious, Islam can sweep throughevery ghetto in this country. If the Nation dabbles in militant politics, it will draw more attention from the government and damage our cause. What is our cause? Is it to continuouslytalk about the struggle or actually fight the fight? As for Bumpy... his daughteris right over there. If your teachings can inspire her, perhaps they can inspire him, as well. You're alright. You're okay. Oh, who's up? How come you never told me Stella spent the night in jail? What? I was with this cop, Rourke, from the 27th. He happened to mention thatStella Gigante and a colored guy got picked up three weeks ago. I know nothing about that. One of Rourke's guys, a Sergeant Keenan, I believe, he recognized her name, and he called on you. Sincethis Sergeant Keenan knew that you were an associate of ours. I don't know any fucking Keenan. Ah, so, you had no idea that Stella was in jailwith this mooley? So you're saying that this Sergeant Keenan's lying? What, you gonna believe a fuckin' copper over me? Ernie... I know how bad you want to make your bones. And I will say that my decision on whether or not to propose you for this membership to this thing of ours here, it rests on my ability to trust you always and everything that you say. So I'm asking you, as your capo, to tell the truth. Tell the fucking truth. Remember when you had me take Stella out, see if she was still dating that mooley boyfriend? I took her down to the Villagewhere those Negro musicians play for the, like, bohemian crowd or whatever. And I see her talking to this Negro, and I figured it was her boyfriend, and I-I popped him, like you told me. Later, Keenan calls meand tells me she's been arrested with this fucking Teddy Greene. That's her boyfriend. He's still alive. Well, because of your honesty and your... Your trueness, I will not lay a hand on you. I mean, you made an honest mistake. You killed the wrong guy. I'm sorry. I'm so fucking sorry. No-Nothing like that will ever happen again. No, it won't. Aah! Alright, stop. Stop! Ho! Stop. You wanna be a made man? Kill him, fast. You got to be kidding me, man. Kill Joe Valachi? That's crazy. I mean, he's being guarded by U.S. Marshals looking out for a hit. Bonanno will wipemy debt clear if I do. Hey, how you doin' today? Bumpy, come on. Maybe there's a better way to take care of your debt with Bonanno, like a lay-a-way plan? Do that. The Feds have Valachi underguard in Sunnyside, Queens, man. I thought he was testifying in D.C. They fly him down to D.C.and then back again at night. My taxpayer dollars to fly a snitch? Exactly, man. That shit better not be First Class. That's fucked up. Sunnyside, Queens, it's a Latin barrio. That's why I called you, man. It's a good place to hide, I guess. Guineas are kind of half-Latin, anyway, so Sorta-Rican. I need your help, Guapo. I need your help on this one. We'll eatwhen your Daddy gets home. This is the third time you've told me that, mama. I'm home! Do I smell cornbread? Why didn't you call? You said you were gonna call. Hey. Told you I'd be alright. Told you I'd be fine. It's just, I wouldn't putanything past them. Look, if they put me in cement shoes, then they wouldn't get their money back. How you gonna settle upwith Bonanno? Don't worry about it. What do they want? I got it covered. It's... it's just fine, alright? So you'll talk to them, but you won't talk to me? You know what? I'm hungry. Could you put the fuckin' cornbread on the table, please? Mmmm-hmmmm. Mm. Hmm, hmm, mwah. What you reading? "Charlotte's Web." You like it? It made me cry. Why? Charlotte gave up her life for Wilbur the Pig. She's loyal. That's the most important thingin life, loyalty. You stay loyal. It's a good book. Hey, yo, could I take that baby for a spin? - Ohh! - Yo, man. Where does your mom think you got the money for the new apartment? Prostitution. I told her that Bobbygave me an advance. I wish he had. I spent every dime I have to get you guys a new place. Hey, Teddy. Hmm? Maybe we could hitchhike to California. We need to get outta here. Us hitchhiking? Yeah. I mean, that's almostas dangerous as staying here. And what we gonna dowhen we get there? I mean, sleep on the streets? Hmm? Ernie's gonna try to kill you. I know it. I don't think you can play at Minton's. I mean, you heard what Bobby said. I need to be playing at the local joints if I want any chanceof getting airplay when my record comes out. I'm playing at Minton's, and you ain't coming. Why not? 'Cause if that motherfucker'scoming for me, I don't want you anywhere near. I love you for that, but you don't know this guy. I don't need youto protect me, Stella. I'm the one who issupposed to be protecting you. This Hearing is now in session. Uh, Mr. Valachi, you have testified as to the existence of five separate, uh, yet distinct Families who are involved in organized crime in New York City. That's right. To which of these Families did you owe your allegiance? The Genovese family, Congressman. Headed by Vito Genovese, currently serving a life sentence in the Atlanta Penitentiary. He wanted me dead when I got, uh, pinched on that narcotics beef. That's why I'm sitting here right now. As Don Vito sits in jail, who is the acting boss? Mr. Valachi, need I remind you that you're under Federal oath? He, um... started out as Vito's driver. He was loyal. So when Vito Genovese was sent away for life, he made this man acting boss. Everyone figured it was so that Vito could control this man to run the family from prison, but, uh, Vito was wrong. This man, he's smarter than Vito, more ruthless. His name... His name is Vincent Gigante. Fuck. Who are you? Special Agent David Preston, Federal Bureau of Investigation. Bullshit. Check the I.D., ma'am. So Hoover's lettin'you people in now, too, huh? What's next? Chinks? I'm looking for Vincent Gigante at this address. Is Mr. Gigante at home? No, not here. Shower's running. Yeah, I was just aboutto jump in. So you left the water running to come answer the door? Okay, what the fuck do you want? I'm here to serve Mr. Gigante a subpoena to testify in the Valachi hearings in Washington, D.C. I have every right to do so under U.S. Criminal Statute 1405-15C. Now step aside, ma'am. Take your shoes off, first. Excuse me? God knows wherethose shoes have been. Take them off. You can't just go barging inon him, Mr. Preston. - I am telling you. - Out of my way, ma'am. Please, I'm tell... I'm trying to tell you something. I'm trying to tell you that my husband is not well, and he has not been well for a long time. He's sick in his head. There's something wrong with him up here. I looked it up in the library. It's called schizo-something. I don't know, but I'm trying to tell you that my husband suffers from being a schizo. Let me do my job. Oh, listen to me. Please, listen. You can't go in there. That's what I'm trying to say, Mr. Preston. Not to do what you... Come on. Get your gloves on. You got a hat? You got a hat? Come on, you're gonna get wet. Come on. Come on. I tried to tell you. They are definitely holding Valachi in this motel. My guy Lucito in the neighborhood say he sees cars coming out 5:00 in the morning then coming back late at night. Did he say how many men? Six, maybe eight. They might have spottersin the neighborhood, too. There's a reason why they call them Federal Protection. What's wrong? You don't got stomachfor this? I didn't keep my eyes on your family for 11 years to see you get all shot up by the Feds. You been one of my mostloyal friends for 30-odd years. I would never ask youto do something that you don't feel comfortable with. Nah, I'm good. I made my peace with God. I'm ready to go. Pessimism leads to weakness. Optimism to power. Ooh, I love it when you get all philosophical and shit. It's gonna be tough, but I think I can do it. This is mydebt. It's on me. No disrespect, Bumpy, but this is what I do. I'm younger, faster, and prettier. Maybe two out of three. Mm-hmm. Come on, Bump. This motherfucker got a Silver Star in Korea. Let him do it. But you areprettier. You heard him, right? Alright, man. Minister Malcolm tells me that you are new to the Sisterhood. I am, Dear Holy Apostle. He also tells me that your father is Bumpy Johnson. I don't have contact with him no more. Never did, really. I'm not trying to put you on the spot, my dear. But he has given you keen insight. You know Satan when you see Him. Her work actually allows her to fight the battle of addiction on the front lines she knows so well. Wonderful. But it's possible I have an even more interesting job for the Sister. Can she be freed to come to my hotel this evening? Of course, Dear Holy Apostle. It's scandalous. Esther James is a no-account Mafia bag lady. All I did was tell the truth. Because you made the statementson television, it's a libel suit, not simply slander. Aw, hey, Dickie. Hey, man. Koufax pitched another good one, huh? He sure did. She wants an apologyon nationwide television. If you apologize, she loses her right to sue. That bitch slapped me. I'll be long in my grave before I apologize to that woman. Praise the Lord, Reverend. Sister Janice, praise the Lord. Loving that white hat today. You know, it's the guineas. Those motherfuckers are using Esther James to punish me for the Valachi hearings and my stance on the Harlem numbers. If she wins this suit, she could bankrupt you. Adam, apologize. It's that... son of a bitch Bumpy Johnson, yeah, suddenly getting all high and mighty the minute I asked him to give up a couple of guinea names. I am gonna make it my mission in life to grind that Geechee rice picker back into the dust. What are we gonna doabout Esther? Get me on a call with Frank Costello. How am Isupposed to do that? Bumpy Johnson was yourconnection to Costello. I found another one. Costello and I have the same lawyer. Hey, my man. You got the bread? Uh, yeah, here. This a good one? It works. Okay. Well, thank you for speaking to me on the phone, uh, Mr. Costello. I understand that we're both members of the Manhattan Health and Racquet Club. No, they're not comfortablewith Italian members anymore. What? I have heard tell of a wave of anti-Italian sentiment as a result of these Valachi hearings, and I will tell you that the vast bulk of my Italian-American brothers are fine, upstanding citizens with no connection whatsoever to organized crime. How can I help you? Well, it has come to my attention that this lawsuit against me by one Esther James is financed by a consortium of, shall we say, uh, people who have been aggrieved by my sermon about the numbers business in Harlem. Mm-hmm. I took a stand for my constituents. You took a stand to get headlines in the newspaper for yourself. And now you're bustingValachi's balls. No, I-I would hardly call it busting his balls. You want to make Esther Jamesgo away? I do. Go easy on Valachi. Easy? Don't ask Valachi for any more names, and Esther James goes away. Wait... Hello? I'm glad they kicked your ass out of the racquet club! Now you know what it feels like to be a second-class citizen, you greaseball dago wop! Fucker. Delta, this is Echo response truck. We got Songbird moving into position. We have the all clear? Echo, this is delta. Yes, all clear. Alright, make sure the perimeter's clear. Let's go. Perimeter's secure. All clear. Songbird's ready to go. Move it, guys. Yo, Six! You heard me. That's right. I'm talking to you, motherfucker. Fuck you, nigga. I've been tryingto motherfucking call you, and you ain't even fuckingpicking up the phone. For what? You were with my woman. Hell, no. You was with my old lady. Man, ain't nobody want your fucking old lady. I saw you on 46thwith the bitch, man. Yeah? Yeah! Fuck you! Hey! Fuck you. I'm talking to you. Yo. What? You were with my woman. Hell, no. You was with my old lady. Man, ain't nobody want your fucking old lady. I saw you on 46thwith the bitch, man. What? Were you with my old lady? Hell, no. Songbird has landed. Charlie, what's happening over there? I saw you on 46th! I'm gonna kill your motherfucking ass. Fuck you. Hey! Hey! Break it up! Break it up! Man, get off me! Fuck you, nigga! Get off me! Break it up! Lima, what's your position? Man, I wasn't with your old lady! Yes, you was, motherfucker! I saw you on 46th! Fuck you! Break it up! Come on! Get off me! Hey, break it up! Get off me, ni... Fuck you! Come on! I'ma kill your... Hey! Get off me! I don't care about your gun! Lima, this is Echo. I repeat, what's your 20? God, he punched me in the nose. Fuck! Yo, what the fuck? Fuck! Fuck. Alpha, Bravo, this is Echo. I need eyes on Lima. Alpha, Bravo, this is Echo. I repeat, we need eyes on Lima. Shit. It was the wrong apartment. What? You said 206. No Valachi, just some cat getting his corn ground. The fucking paper says 208. Guapo, what the fuck, man? What the fuck? Yo, man, my eyesight. I thought the fucking eight was a six. - Yo, did you get him? - It's blown. - Aww, shit. - Let's get out of here. Let's get out of here. Let's go. Let's go. Go. Bro, I'm sorry. Don't be nervous. It's an honor to be in your presence. I believe you can providea great service for the Nation. I'm just in training, Dear Holy Apostle. I have so far to go. No, it's good that you are new. It's also good that you come as the childof Malcolm's friend. There are manyin the Chicago secretariat who fear he covets my position after I'm dead. Messenger, I've heard him speak about you with humble respect many times. I didn't sayl agreed with those in Chicago. They're just fearful of losingtheir royal privileges. My concern is, his militantpolitics are at odds with the core philosophyof our organization, which is to convert the Negroto Islam, not the picket line. And what service can I provide? If you accept, I'd like youto be my eyes and ears within the wallsof Mosque Number Seven. I want to know what Malcolm is saying, doing, and even thinking at all times. So, how's the Higher Education Bill comin'? Jack Kennedy wants24 separate provisions, which offers some Dixiecrat24 chances to water it down. I want it all in a single bill with a bow on top. Well, this Dixiecrat could see supporting you on that. Oh, would you make sure you get those bags under my eyes? In return for what? With a million people watching this hearing, don't you think you were a little rough? Rough on who? The Italian. Senator, please. Valachi has implicated himselfin over 30 killings in New York. I hardly think that deserves puffballs. I would look at the bigger picture rather than grilling him about specific names. So basically what you're sayingis, don't bust his balls. Exactly. Mr. Valachi, have you ever traveledin the United States? I been to Arkansas once. Ahh. Arkansas, the great stateof my senatorial colleague. You weren't in Arkansas incommission of a crime, I assume, as Arkansas is a very safe place. Took my wife to the hot springs. How rejuvenating. Have you ever taken your wifeto Kansas City? Not that I recall. How about Des Moines? Where is that, Congressman? That is in Iowa. I never even heard of the place. Yesterday, you spokeof a Mr. Vincent Gigante. This apparentcriminal mastermind, when served with a subpoena, was deemed by the Federal Bureauof Investigation to suffermental-health issues that preclude his testimony here today. Can you please tell this committee the name of another person who can further our knowledgeof the Five Families? Well, sir... If not, may I remind you that you could lose your immunity which has been granted for your testimony? Mr. Valachi, please answer the question. Mr. Valachi, please answer the question. There's, uh... There's another man. An inside man. He's not Cosa Nostra. He's not one of ours. But he is a man who's had relationships with all Five Families for over 30 years. This inside man knows where the bodies are buried. What is the name of this inside man? I'll have to consult with my lawyer before I mention his name. Ladies and gentlemen, members of Congress and the Senate, this hearing will adjourn for a period of 15 minutes. I came here to tell you, face to face, that obviously that fucking snitch, Valachi, got away. And now he's untouchable. Got him at a military base. I won't be able to get to him. You still owe me 300 large. Come on, man. You know I'm good for it. Fuck you. That's not the way I do business. Just give me a couple of weeks, man. I'm not giving you a couple of minutes, Bumpy. This is bullshit, Frank. I got a solution. I know the inside man. How? Well, I got my own Federal stoolies. Why should we believe you? The Feds think you're a mental case. Better a nutjob in Bellevue than a rat in Washington. Okay, big shot. Who is he? Alejandro Villabuena. A spic? Yeah. Goes by the name of Guapo Boricua. Okay. Then that's the guy you got to whack. We're about to close. I'll be quick. Can you suggestany good Negro music? The hep cats tell meyou know what's swingin'. Come back tomorrow, man. I'm looking forthis one particular artist. His name's Teddy Greene. You know where I can find him? I didn't want to tell you 'cause I knew what you'd say. In return for canceling my debt, I was supposed to take care of Joe Valachi. Come on. You're pulling my leg. Now they fucking want me to take care... of Guapo. They have some kind of information that he's gonna testify at the hearing and bury everyone. Guapo would never gowith the Feds. Betrayal never comes from your enemies. You always know where they stand. Guapo was there for methe whole time you were away. He was there for Margaret. He was. You didan extra seven years in prison out of respectfor theircode of loyalty. You follow that goddamn codebetter than they do. I got my own code. I don't care about them. There is a word for loyaltythat only goes in one direction. Stupidity. Brother Minister. Sister Elise. I was just writing a letter to Betty. How was your meeting with the Dear Holy Apostle? It was... interesting. I assumed he wanted to know if you'd go work with him in Chicago? I'm gonna stay here and continueto work with the addicts. My allegiance is here, with you. I'm happy to hear that. Have a good night, Sister. Stella, you got to fucking move. You can't... you can't do this. It's him or me! Or me. You'll be killin' me, too, if you do it. Your father ain't gonna rest until he's dead. Bumpy! Hey! It's past your bedtime, man. What brings you out? Jorge, get my man a ginger ale. Dale. Come on. Mm. Salud, papa. Yeah. To you. Mm-hmm. Did you watchthose Valachi hearings today? I don't watch that bullshit. It's all a circus to get people to think that the government's fighting crime. Fuck that. Valachi talked about an inside manwho wasn't in the family, but was working with them for 30 years. It... it could only be me... or it could be you. Ooh, wow. Hmm. The Feds. They're gonna charge me with narcotics, gambling, prostitution, a murder or two. Them motherfuckers have my shit jammed up pretty good. So what'd you give them? Look, what I said don't mean shit till I testify under oath, and I didn't... I didn't... I didn't say anything about you. Nada, nothing. I'm talking about the guineas. Who'd you give up of the guineas? Oh, the whole fucking bunch. Costello, Bonanno, Chin, Profaci, all those guys. That makes my life a lot simpler. And you know that... That debt that you owe Bonanno? He ain't gonna need that fucking money in the Federal Pen, you know? Mnh-mnh. I don't know, man. I mean, the thought of me going to jail for the rest of my life? No, no. They gave you immunity. Blanket immunity. That's good for you, man. Good for you. You know, back in the old day when you snitched, man, that was a black mark on your soul. It's not like that, Bump. Today, it's like every man for himself. You know what I'm saying? Look, I would never sell you out. I would never do that to you, Bump. You gave us the wrong addresswhen we were going to Sunnyside 'cause you knewyou were gonna cut a deal. You could have got my men killed. What the fuck, man? You're right. It's different. Damn. Hey, Ernie. How you doing, Sister? What's going on, brother? Johnson. You fucked me badly when you promised to give up guinea names, and you didn't. Leave me alone, man. Just give me a moment. You probably already know, but an inside man was exposed by Valachi today. I've just been briefed on who it is. That so? An old friend of yours and a distant acquaintance of mine... Alejandro Villabuena, better known as Guapo Boricua. Guapo is a snitch? Oh, he laid you out, brother, to save his own skin, everything you've done since Alcatraz. He'll have to appear at the hearings, of course, but his testimony will put you away for the rest of your life. And the Federal Marshals are outlooking for him now. Why you telling me this? Because... that's what you get when you fuck with Adam Clayton Powell Jr. We'll see you now. Church on Sunday. Okay? I need your help. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 