Godfather of Harlem: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Godfather of Harlem 
 s1e3 - Our Day Will Come - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Godfather of Harlem (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Our Day Will Come - full transcript 
 Bumpy unexpectedly finds himself at Elise's side when her shoplifting arrest and subsequent abuse is the catalyst for a protest where conflicting interests cause tensions to rise. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I need the duji. I can't control the streets without drugs. That mean there's more smackin that evidence room than anywhere by Pleasant Avenue. Margaret don't know I'm her mama. Get out of here. It's alright. Look, Elise -- Get the fuck out of here! Frank Nunzi's son, he alwayshad the warms for you. You want my forgiveness? You let him take you out. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You were right. She led me straightto that nigger boyfriend. Took care of it. He's gone. I'll be in Harlemon the next bus back. Baby, you can't do that. Why don't you let me preachto your congregation, see if your white man'sChristianity can stand upfor the black man's nation. When Hell freezes over. What, is she gonna show up here? Want to be some kind of mother? I'll take care of that, alright? You keep her away from Margaret. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Take it. That one. Time was, 30 keys would last you six months. Hey, there's a lot more junkiesthan when you went away, Bump. Fuck. We down to our last key. Look, Gigante ain't backing downfrom blocking our supply, and he'll kill any Guinea who sells to us. We need a steady source. Yeah. Hey, young lady.Hold on. Hold on. Hey, you! Stop right there! Aah! Get off me! Get off me! Don't fucking touch me like that. I said don't you fucking touch me. Whoa. What we got here? Some track marks? Hmm. You're a junky, Miss Rich Girl? Let me go. C-Curtis. Relax. This junky ain't gonna do shit. How long's this gonna take? I know you're retired,but I got work to do. I ain't retired. I keep the peace. Alright, so, how's the peace going these days, Frank? Not great. You brought me down to Harlem for this? Yeah, because it's about Harlem. Oh! Oh, shit. This here, who's this? Sammy Mazucchelli, I think. And then -- and the dopethat was in the barrel? Gone. I'll kill that fucking Bonanno. This is retributionfor the two soldiers you popped last month up 156th Street. Yeah, two soldiers who should've never been on 156th Street trying to push Bonanno's dope in my territory. You don't want to go to warwith Bonanno. He didn't want Harlem. You know that, right? He didn't want Harlem. He gave it to me, right? Because I could see the value in it. You understand? Joey fucking Bananas couldn't. I ain't sharing Harlem. Alright, do you want tosave Sammy for his mother, or you want my guys to take him and lose him out at sea? I don't fucking care.Bon voyage. Just give meone second, Kenny. Mm. President Kennedy is gonna have to reschedule the call. What? Again?Ah, don't -- do not blow your stack, Adam. Mr. O'Donnell, I don't think you need to be reminded that Reverend Powell was the first to get significant Civil Rights legislation through Congress. He was a large reason the President won New York City. The onlyreason! Oh, now, Adam, that's not -- Now, if I'd backed Richard Nixon -- and, given Kennedy's complete disregard for my work on the Civil Rights bill, perhaps I should have -- we'd have a very different national scenario right now. Higher Education Bill. The Minimum Wage Act. The Fair Employment Committee Practices Act. My legislation. What the congressman is saying is -- He knows what I'm saying. If the President wants my support, he's gonna have to do a whole lot more. I just wish Jack Kennedy had as much regard for my legislative agenda as he does for Marilyn Monroe's legs. Ha. Pot calling the kettle black, wouldn't you say? Highest administration treats us like the help. Now, maybe my constituent support will dissipate, and good ol' Jack's second term might disappear, as well. Now, now, now hold on here, Adam, alright? Jack -- You know Jack has the greatest respect for you, and I am your biggest supporter as far as your agenda. I think it's brilliant. Then why am I out herein the bleachers? Well, things are a little hot right now, given your -- your travel debacle. Travel deb-- Wh-What debacle? Oh, apparently you did not get the advance on Drew Pearson's column this morning. "Rumored Powell Trystwith Miss Ohio in Paris." Oh, my. I missed you. You know how stupid it is that you came back, right? Well, this is our chance, Stella, to show Bobby Robinson my stuff. He said he wants a songwhite people can dance to. I told himit's not your thing. Well, hell, I'll give him a song your fucking father could dance to, then, shit. Did you miss me? Of course I missed you. I've been running downto Lionel at The Bitter End every timeyou didn't answer that phone. What? What is it? Lionel... got shot about a week ago down in the Village. What? Yeah. Must've been the reefer he was fronting and some other shit. Oh, my God. Hey. Hey. I just laid eyes on my girl for the first time in I don't know how long, and I can't be sad. Ahh! He might look respectable now, but this man here had the flashiest red conk in Harlem. Well, that was beforeI realized I was turning my backon our God-given beauty. I like your hair now. Well, I don't know. Looked pretty good with that red conk and a killer-diller coat with a drape shape... Drape shape reet pleat. Damn, you was loud. Oh, man. Margaret, why don't you go over to Ms. Albert at the counter? See if she got something sweet for you. Yes, Daddy. Maybe she got that pie you like. Spill it. I know you told me you was writing her off, but one of them junky boosters is saying that Elise got busted stealing at Fidler's. Elise ain't my problem anymore. I know it hurts, brother, but... addicts must fall before they walk. Maybe. But... I got my family to think about. So... I'm done with Elise. Bump. The thing is... Ain't nothing your Elijah gonna tell me about my daughter getting raped that don't end with me killing the motherfucker that did it.I hear you, brother. But I've dealt with incidentslike this one all overwhite-occupied Harlem. Like this one? You ain't dealt with one like this one. Of course not. My apologies. But the Nation is equippedto handle it. You done picked the wrong time to hustle your God damn religion, Mal. Brother it's not --It's not a hustle, brother, but I'm telling you that thereis a way to get justice without getting your ass sent back to prison where you are of no helpto anyone. Elise, Mal, Elise!I'm not just talking aboutElise. There ain't enough pie in theworld to fix Margaret's heart if her father goes away again. Give me a chance to show you thepower of the Nation of Islam. Bumpy Johnson. Welcome back. Yeah. Mr. Johnson is here with me. Who are you? He's the one from Lifemagazine. He's Malcolm X. I'm here on behalfof the Nation of Islam. We were informed thata Negro woman was assaultedhere in your store. She's a-a shoplifter. A-A thief who's cost me hundreds of dollars over the past month alone. And that gives youjust cause to assault her? Mr. X, I know who you are. I-I am Solomon Fidler. Everyone calls me Sol. I want you to know that I've been a supporter of the Negro race for many years. Well, we give youour hard-earned money. I'm not sureI call that support. My people are not unfamiliar with persecution. I mean, I support Dr. King completely. I was the first store to have a Negro Santa. I'm gonna go inside and see the girl. Easy, Johnson. Easy, Johnson.Hey, whoa, don't touch me, man. This is a police matter. I need you to leave, or I will call for backup. I think you should,because mine just arrived. "Powell and the fair-complexion Negress, Miss Ohio, were seen nuzzling arm-in-arm along 'La Butt Mont-martyr.'" Le Butte Monmartre. And you were thinking what? I was thinking what every manthinks when he's with Miss Ohio. "They retreated to a luxury suite at La Chamber du Marais..." La Cham-- Eh. "...where they did not reappear until morning. It was also reported that there may have been a second woman in their company?" Oh, relax, Kenny. It's a one-day story. About a week ahead, people will be talking about whoever was on "Ed Sullivan." I mean, come on, half these white Dixiecrats have pretty little secretaries they escort on fact-finding junkets and always to a place with a great wine list. Nah, no, this slander job won't work. I got dirt on them, too. Look, we may have a libel suit against the Star. Unless it's all true. Well, of course it is. Except for the threesome part. That was wishful thinking. See, r-right there. That -- That is what Jack is afraid of. You can't come out and just say things like this. It's bad for your image. You two seem to have forgotten why my voters love me. I get to do and say what no other Negro gets to. Brothers love me because I'm waking up with beautiful women. Women love that I'm flying first-class, but most of all, they know that my foot was on the sidelines when it comes to fighting for their prosperity. Among our people, you are a boss, no question, but their view of you can shift, Adam. Yes, you get to do all the shit the white boys do, and your people -- that makes them feel like they have a place, but those Dixiecrats are looking at your playboy image as a chink in your armor. They're itching for you to self-destruct. Along with every piece of legislation we fought for. Fucking Kennedygets to fuck movie stars. I can't even get some from my secretary. The Irish was niggers themselvestwo generations back. Which is why we understand each other. All we are saying is the people in Washington -- all of them -- they're afraid of you for a reason, and the reason is is because you have the votes. Are you willing to lose all that over... pussy? Oh, man. I understand what you're saying,Kenny. We have an image problem. Hey, Ernie. Miss Gigante. Buongiorno. So, I gotta come find you to askif you're ever gonna call me? How about you take me back downto The Bitter End on Friday. I really want to seethat singer again. Or if you'd rathergo someplace else -- Yeah. How about we stay uptown? Music was fun last time. Let me buy you dinner. We get to know each other. Hey, boss, can I get a word? Yeah, sure, sit down.Alright. I, uh, wanted to ask yourpermission to take Stella out. I figured I'd take hersomewhere nice uptown, dinner. But isn't the reason that I put you with Stella... ...was so that you could track down that nigger boyfriend and take him out? And wasn't that reason accomplished? Yeah, it was. W-Well, what are we saying? You saying you asked her out for real? I guess I did, yeah. You thought that was okay without asking me first? Boss, I'm asking you now. Yeah, without my permission? Alright, I got carried away.She's a beautiful girl. I didn't mean nothing.Oh, you think you're worthy of dating my daughter? Boss -- I said you think you're worthy? This is 1010 WINS, local news in Harlem this afternoon -- there's apparent protests...Since the fourth grade,boss, she's been that girl for --Shut the fuck up. ...125th Street. Civil Rights leader Malcolm X and members of the Nation of Islam have surrounded the upscale store. The reason for the demonstration is unclear at this time, but authorities are already on the scene ready to... What's the problem? Moolies are protesting somethingevery other week. Not in my building. You own Fidler's? Yeah. Just the building. Store owner pays the rent and for protection. Alright, so, what,a couple windows get smashed, we collectthe insurance money. What's the problem?Hey. Do me a favor. Get that kike Fidler on the phone, would you? Ahem. Uh, I'm so sorry. But this has been a misunderstanding. I don't want to press any charges. I just spoke to the building owner. No charges. So, we can all go home, let everything get back to normal. Sergeant Hollis, I'm sorry to have bothered you.You lost your fucking mind, man? Mr. Johnson. It's been an honor, Mr. X. All due respect,Mr. Fidler, but, uh, this junky'sbeen in and out of two weeks. We lost $300 worth ofmerchandise in that time. You raped me. Motherfucker! I'm gonna kill you! I didn't touch her! Get off him, Johnson. Let go. I'll fucking kill your fucking ass.Get off him! Calm down, brother. Easy, Bumpy. Off. What in the holy fuck is going on here? That's my daughter. You're my daughter. Mama, what's s-sorghum? It's a kind of molasses,makes the cake your daddy likes. Who's Elise? Where'd you hear that name from? Nowhere. I heard Daddy talking. Couldn't tell you. Lots of Elises in Harlem. Why don't you crack the eggs in. Watch for the shells. Daddy knows who she is, and Mr. Xsays he should catch her. What'd I say about them eggs? You got any more questions? Then stay out of grown folks' business. Hot dog. What a day, what a day,what a day, what a day. Stop. How about one for the road? Hoo! Maybe I don't need anymore.Maybe not. Maybe not. Oh, just a little taste, little taste. Fine, fine. Yeah. Hey, not too much. I got to go. Please. I seen you down a whole bottle of the finest French merlot. Now, uh... you know that I'm gonna need you to make a public statement. About what?About how we are not now nor ever have been fucking. But we fuck all the time.Yeah, and that's true, but, for the public record, this never happened. Do I mean anything to you besides a littlefun under the covers? Baby, baby, baby, baby, now. I need to get this scandal off the front page. Sit down, talk to me. You are the trifecta -- young, fair, beautiful. You're Miss Ohio, for God's sake. Now, I'm gonna need you to come forward at a press conference and tell the world that there isnothing between us. I am not your play thing, Adam,or your puppet. You know how I feel about you has nothing to do with how the public sees me. Now, you know I care. And you know I don't lie -- not to you,and not to the world. So, unless you want meat a press conference telling everybody how good we fuck, you gonna leave it alone. Mm. So, what are you gonna do? Well, I guess I'll have to just throw some kid's cat up a tree and hope the New York Times is there when I save it. ...as over 100 demonstrators have assembled... Wait a minute. ...the detainment... Wait, hold that thought. ...of what some in the crowd are calling a wrongfully accused shoplifter. Solomon Fidler, owner of Fidler's Department Store, has declined comment. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is risen for the third consecutive day. - Yeah, I don't understand. - I told you no charges. Everyone can just go home. Apologies, Mr. Fidler, but if there was a rape here, we're talking about this young woman's charges, not yours. Okay, um, no charges. Uh, I-I-I fire both those men, and I give you and your father each $100 dollars worth of credit -- You'd give me $100? Uh, cash, if you pref--Are you serious? You think you can purchase ablack woman's dignity with $200? I just -- I just -- I'm sorry, but I don't want my property destroyed. Well,maybe it should be destroyed. No one's destroying anything. You keep making inflammatory statements, Mr. X, I will charge you for inciting a riot. That's five years in the pen, so tone it down, alright? Mr. Fidler? We'll need your statement, Miss Johnson. Don't worry. I'll bring her right back. My daughter being walked offwith a white policeman. That look like justiceto you? It's better than you being walked off with a white policeman in chains. My child was raped. And... you want to take it as part ofyour God damn movement. Look, Bumpy, if you think that's why I'm here, I'm sorry. But Elise is a part of a bigger battle, and I care for her soul like I care for yours. Someday, I hope you'll see that. The Lord is my shepherd.I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. He leadeth me beside the still waters. And yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil. What's in your hands? What's in your hands?Yes! Hanging on the cross, I got two nails in my hands. Father, I stretch my hands to Thee. Only hope I know... ...and that man, with two nails in his hands, split history in half -- B.C. and A.D. Hey, brother. Who let him get up there? What's in your hands today, good people of Harlem? You got God in your hands, and with God in your hands, you win, so walk with him, and talk with him.Yes! And work with him, and fight together, and stay together. And I say unto you now, God bless you all. Yes, God bless you all. Amen. Amen, brother Malcolm. Amen, brother Malcolm. Amen, brother Malcolm. Quite a performance,Reverend Powell. Oh, I'm just warming them up for you. Reverend Powell, a man who surely thinks his heart is in the right place. You see, a Christian man will always tell you that change comes from the heart. But my faith tells me that change comes from the mind. -That's true. -Right on. A Christian man will always tellyou to turn the other cheek, but my faith tells me that's how a man gets beat. Please, please. A Christian man might even tell you that our sister locked inside that store should submit to the rape of a white man. Just the way that our grandmothers had to submit to the rapes of their masters in the fields. So ask yourself. Do you want Christian forgiveness or the justice of Islam? I gotta tell you something. Anything. No, really, it's serious. Okay. I think my father had Lionel killed. What? So, while you were gone, I went on a date with this guy -- Whoa, you -- you went on a date?Just to make my father happy. Did you -- Did he touch you?Did you sleep with him?No, no. No, Teddy. No.Why the fuck would yougo on a date, Stella? Just -- To prove that we broke up, okay? My dad wanted me to go out with this guy, Ernie, and I think that that might've been the night that Lionel was killed. Why do you think that? Because I went to see Ernie, and... I could see that he knew that Lionel was dead, and he didn't think that I knew. They thought he was you. This is crazy. You changing 'cause you got herwhite-girl smell all over you? Mama.Don't "Mama" me, baby, when all I'm doingis telling you the truth. This girl don't understand you. She don't love you. She wants to make her daddy mad, and you just a tool she using to do it. Must bereal exciting for her running all over the town with a Negro man. Must get her all hotand bothered and juicy. Can you please stop? I won't stop.This is serious, Teddy. This is real. I pray for your life every nightit's so real. And you so caught upin this white girl you can't even seewhat it is she doing to you. "Daddy, I'm not the best writer or speaker, although you always encourage meto write down my feelings and to say what it is that my heart wants to say, but this time words can't explain how much I miss you. Even though you're away, I guess I'm just trying to say that things just aren't the samewithout my superhero, my friend, my dad. I'll always love you, Daddy. Love, Elise." Cops treat you alright? Yeah. Why'd you ID the white guy? What? He didn't rape you. The nigger did it. When I went at the white boy, I could see in his eyesthat he didn't do it. Ain't that what your friend Malcolm's always saying? We got to look out for our own. Yeah. You feeling alright? You hurt? Ain't nothing funny about this. Yeah, there is. You think this is the first time I had some dick I didn't want in me? I'm a junky, Daddy. I've been raped so many times I can't even remember half of them. You tell me that to hurt me? No. Maybe. Did it? Hurt you? More than you can know. I can't watch you do this toyourself anymore. You can't or you just don't care to? Why you thinkI don't care about you? Because you don't. The hell I don't. I want to kill the guywho did this to you. I want to -- I want tokill every guy who's ever touched you,done this shit -- And what the fuck does any of that got to do with me? You know what, Daddy? You don't want to do this anymore, and neither do I. So I'm gonna give you what you always wanted. I'm gonna set you free. You were a shitty father. We both know that. But I'm a shitty daughter, and I know that, too. A junky, a whore, begging you for money, showing up at your house. I'm a weight around your neck, and ain't none of that ever gonna change, so maybe we just decide to let things be and go our separate ways. I love you, Elise. I know. And I forgive you, Daddy. So I want to set you free. When do we want it?Crowd: Now! What do we want?Justice! When do we want it?Now! Now! What do we want?Justice! When do we want it? Quite a party out there.Something like that. We got word Frank Costellois asking to meet you. Not right now.He said it was urgent. He's waiting for youat Bamonte's. Go. Don't let her out of your sight. What's going on at Fidler'scould get very dangerous for you if those cops go down to the basement. What's that supposed to mean? We've all done some things that we wish we hadn't done, huh? Bumpy. Something you need, Frank? Have a seat. It must be important if Chin's here. So, that's my building,the Fidler store is. Hmm. I don't want it damaged. I want Malcolm and his people --I want them out of there. And you can help me because yougot influence with these people. Nobody wants their buildings damaged. But you don't really care about a Negro protest. Do you? Right after I went to Alcatraz, Mayme told me about Fidler's getting burnt down to the ground. Got it rebuilt up in, uh, '57. You guys are in the concrete racket, right? Right. Lots of concrete in those buildings. Makes a guy wonder what else might be in there. Guns? Money? Who knows? What do you want? I want to buy heroin from the Guineas. A steady supply. I'll keep your building safe. Thanks for setting this up, Frank. You're witness on this. We're good. I got to get going.Yeah, go. You just got to look up, baby, and smile at the suits. You know they like all that. Just relax. Can you just let me be? You cango on ahead now, boy. Go ahead, Teddy. I'll sign you right nowif you cut that for me as your first single. Yes. Y-Yes, we say yes. Teddy, what's going on? I'm sorry, Mr. Robinson, but if this is what you want from me, then I just can't. Sorry. I'll talk to him.Yeah, you do that. Teddy. Teddy, what the fuck was that? What's going on?If you want the deal so bad,you go back and get it. Hey. Hey, you said you wanted this. This is everything that you wanted. You said you'd make a songmy fucking father could sing. Why are you with me?What? Did you want me to write that bubble gum music? Do you even know who I am? I love you.You love me? Yes, baby. I love you. You love me, or you just love fucking a nigger? You knowI fucking hate that word. You can't do that to me.I'm not nobody's boy, Stella. -What do we want? -Justice! -When do we want it? -Now! -What do we want? -Justice! -When do we want it? -Now! -What do we want? -Justice! -When do we want it? -Now! -What do we want? -Justice! You want to disperse the crowd by arresting a white guard? That goes against just about every policy the NYPD has. You want these peopleto calm down? Then that'swhat it's gonna take. You can cut him loosewhen you get to the station. Just wait for my signal, alright? -What do we want? -Justice! -When do we want it? -Now! You about ready to call this thing off, man? Send these folks home before somebody gets killed? We cannot capitulate. Burning down our own neighborhood is not bravery. It's insanity.Reverend's right. All this preacher man wantsis a new front page, one that does not includehis sexual exploits. And all you want is a platform to gain new recruits. It don't matter now that we got this situation. I can use you guys, help me shut this down. Shut it down?What's your angle, Bumpy? -What do we want? -Justice! -When do we want it? -Now! -What do we want? -Justice! -When do we want it? -Now! -What do we want? -Justice! -When do we want it? -Now! -What do we want? -Justice! -When do we want it? -Now! -What do we want? -Justice! -When do we want it? -Now! -What do we want? -Justice! Hey! -What do we want? -Justice! -When do we want it? -Now! Hey, everybody! -What do we want? -Justice! -When do we want it? -Now! Hey, everybody! Hey! I'm the one y'all showed up for. Sister Elise. But I got to ask, why you all here? It can't be for me. Just another junky most of youpass up on the street every day. Alright, sister, alright. Why are you here? You just want to throw shit and make a scene? Or did you realize that just like you see me as a junky, they see you as niggers? But I'm not anybody's nigger. I'm not anybody's junky. I am not your disappointing daughter. I'm not your project. I'm not your headline. I am so much more than you have ever been able to see. Today, I'm taking myself back. It's time for me to rise. It's time for all of us to rise. Haven't y'all had enough? Take it back. Take it back. -Yes! Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Hey! All of y'all here -- you know who I am, and we're gonna get this girl her justice. They're bringing him to jail right now. Right now. It's a white man! You can go home. Go. We've got our justice. Go home. Easy, boys. Easy, easy. - Come on. - Alright, it's over. -Keep it moving. -Let's go. -Go. -Go home. Do you really wantto take my daughter out, huh? Yeah, I do. I do, and I'd treat her right. Yeah, okay. Yeah, that's okay. Alright. President Kennedy is on the line. Oh, Patricia. My, my, my, I mustsay you look beautiful today. Hello, Jack. Yeah, I saw Miss Monroe sing "Happy Birthday" to youon television. I can't say much about her voice, but every other part of heris right on time. Yes, now, before we get into mysuggestions on the amendment, I just want to reiteratethe importance of breaking this billinto sections. Please. I didn't -- I didn't knowit was your daughter. I'm sorry. Please don't kill me.Please. Nah. Ain't gonna kill you. You don't deserve that. Say hello to Big Dick Buster. Please, don't. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 