Godfather of Harlem: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Godfather of Harlem 
 s1e1 - By Whatever Means Necessary - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Godfather of Harlem (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - By Whatever Means Necessary - full transcript 
 Bumpy Johnson returns from Alcatraz to reunite with his family and reclaim his Harlem territory from Italian mob boss Vincent Gigante; he finds an unlikely ally in his old friend Malcolm X. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 See you on the outside, Bumpy! Get the fuck outta here! Fuck you, too, man! So much has changed in Harlem since you've been gone. Bad and good. A lot of folks moved out to Brooklyn and Queens. They don't feel safe here anymore. Leeds Department Store went out of business. Can you imagine that? No. Remember how we used to buy your shoes there? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yeah. Apollo still there. As long as there's a Harlem, we'll have the Apollo. Who's James Brown? A singer... talented. Maybe we'll go see him sometime. I just know you'll get right back into the swing of things. Looking at you... I'm already back into the swing of things. I tried to imagine it from your letters. Man, to see it for real, it's... it's modern, alright. We needed a fresh start. Afternoon, Mr. Booker. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Welcome home, Daddy. I'm home for good. There's the man of the hour! Yeah, Bumpy! Guap, they didn't tell me you was here, man. Bumpy. Thanks for coming out, man. I really appreciate it. And I appreciate what you did for my family, alright? The Italians... They're creating a problem for us, Bumpy. We so glad you back. But Mayme's more glad. I mean, she won't say, but she missed you something awful. And Charlie just got into Morehouse. We a little short on funds, but, you know -- - I'll see what I can do, alright? - Thank you. I got a line on a dozen .38 Colt Longs, three Browning Automatics, and them boys got some kick. Margaret's doing so well in school. She's really smart? Exceptional. And...'course, the roof in the rectory is leaking. I got an idea. I got a car wash on 112th street -- this car wash on 112th street. Bumpy: Why are you starting a new business right now? Man: You look good. Prison agrees with you, man. - Good to see you, brother. - Good to see you, Bumpy. Daddy? Daddy? Are you okay? I'm fine. Come here! Come here, come here. Give me a hug. You want some ice cream? Wanna go get a split? A split. Yeah. We got a problem up on 46th. Alright. - We'll do that later, okay? - Alright. Okay. Welcome home, Bumpy. I'm sorry you gotta come back to all this shit. What happened? They came in from the back, turned this place out like a $5 ho. Dexter stepped up... so they capped him. Who did it? Some dark-haired motherfucking guinea named Zambrano. Zambrano? That's Chin Gigante's crew. You gon' be able to tough this out? Yes, sir. Is Sister Helen still at St. Mary's? You take him over there. You tell 'em that Dexter's a part of my crew. You got it. You'll be alright. Now you got a story to tell all these ladies. See he gets anything he needs. I'm-a get a crew in here to clean this place up, alright? It's good to see you. See you, too. Let's go. Bumpy: Who is this guinea that this kid's talking about? Zambrano. He's running Harlem for the Genovese family. He muscled in on numbers, women, dope. But till now, he left your spots alone. Tell you this, we ain't do nothing to bring it on. The Italians are sending us a message. Cecil still shine shoes over on 37th? That old coot -- He'll be there till he's 100. Lay a dime on him. Make sure he gets us the wherefore on Zambrano. That cop D'Alessandro, he still at the 28th? Nah, nah, he went to narcotics. We need to put more cops on the pad, make sure this never happens again. You got it. Take me to Pleasant Avenue. You know, they still don't take too kindly to colored folks in East Harlem. Last six blocks of the old country they got up here. You know what they call Negroes... on Pleasant Avenue? What? Dead. We'll see. WLIB is proud to present the discussion between Congressman Adam Clayton Powell Jr. and Minister Malcolm X from the Nation -- Turn it up. Congressmen Powell, how should Negroes respond to police brutality? Non violence demands that the means we use must be as peaceful as the ends we seek. - Negroes want our rights. - Yeah. Minister Malcolm, I got my rights right here. To accuse us of violence is like accusing the man who is being lynched simply because he struggles vigorously  against his lyncher. I knew that cat before he changed his name, before he got that "X." We got history, him and me. Announcer:  Congressman Powell? Non violence is a powerful weapon. That's it. That's them right there. This the place. Go around the corner. If we want to be accepted in this America, we must strive to find the black man's rights, to change the white man's idea who the black man is. Get your motherfucking hands up! He said up, motherfuckers!Move. Move. Move! Move! What the fuck you looking at? Yeah. Kilos in the carcass. Easy with that. Jimmy, how we looking? Looking good, boss. How's the quality on this batch? What we looking at? I'd say 96% pure. Who the fuck are you? Where's Chin? If you're here to steal our dope, you won't get off this block alive. Get Chin or I'll blow your fucking head off. I'm a made man. Yeah?You got some fucking nerve. There you are. What balls you got,  coming in here with a shotgun? Hey, this is Bumpy Johnson. He's a legend. He took on Dutch Schultz back in the day. This is Richie Zambrano. He's my capo. He come down from Detroit. He's my cousin. You the guy who knee-capped that kid? He's never gonna walk again. You know that, right? That's too bad. You backwards guinea motherfucker. What'd you come here for? You know why I'm here. That's why you sent this goombah by to hit my spot. That was a warning shot, make sure you stay in your place. You used to be Vito's driver before I left. And now you're the boss. Okay...boss. I get a cut of everything from 110th to 160th, just the way it was before. No. Richie Zambrano, he runs Harlem for me now. Harlem's mine. Times have changed. I haven't. You look so good. You just... God, I missed you. What? You fired a gun tonight. Not atnobody. Baby, we gotta talk. How you expect me to talk with you looking like this? I think you ever wanna come home to this again, you best start talking. Look, you don't wanna say nothing out there because you gotta be strong for your men, I see that. That's how it's gotta be. But in here, you are gonna be real, and you are gonna talk to me. Alright. What you wanna talk about? Baby, nobody does that time and comes out fine. So, I want you to talk to me about how they locked you in a cage like an animal. That is what I wanna talk about. Baby... Baby, we don't... We could talk about that some other time. Well, you don't touch me until you say it. They locked me in a cage. And? And I was alone. What else? I was scared. Of what? Dying alone in the dark. Not being able to come back. Losing... you. Baby, we have got a lot to lose. And I need you to control your temper. I'm trying, babe. Trying. I'm trying. Check. That fucking guy. I knew Chin would ask you to go to the Families for permission to kill me after what I did. It was very bold. And reckless. Before I got sent away, I got a cut of everything you guys did from 110th to 160th. I'm putting things back the way they were, Frank. Good luck with it, yeah? It's your move. Costello's here. Let the games begin. If it ain't The Prime Minister. Chin. Sit down, sit down. Want an espresso? No, thanks. What'd they say? I spoke to Lucchese, Profaci, Bonanno, and Gambino. They are inclined to give Bumpy a pass. You do not have a green light to shoot this man. I can't kill a nigger who fires a shotgun in my place? He went away on a narcotics rap. He never snitched, even though it was our guys who screwed it up. He understands the rules better than some of our own, and the other bosses like that. They like how I lost 90 grand? Listen, you were lucky to get hold of Harlem when the others thought it was just pennies. I was lucky or smart? Well, heroin has made it a gold mine. And now they're all itching to get a piece of that pie. Why do you think Bumpy made the move to Pleasant Avenue when to be seen there for a Negro is to be shot? He knew that you'd come to me, I'd go to the Families, he gets protection -- brilliant. My advice is relax. He shot a cow, for Christ's sake. Chin, be well. Yeah. Thank you, Costello. He still acts like I'm Vito Genovese's driver. I got a mulignan Cuban in Spic Town who could hit Johnson. Families would know I did it. No. No, this guy's purple-black. Just be one nigger killing another. Happens every day. Richie... Johnson, he stopped a guy from killing Costello when they were doing time in Lewisburg. I sent him to the Families 'cause I knew he'd vouch for that rat-bastard. Why? 'Cause every time Costello spends one of his nigger-loving chips with the Families, he gets weaker. Guineas are gonna come after us for what you did last night. We need to be ready. Bump, all due respect, but they got a couple of hundred soldiers. What are we gonna do? Enjoy breakfast. Detroit Red? Bumpy Johnson. Detroit Red. What's happening, brother? It's been a long time. Somebody had told me that the red-conked hustler that I knew back at Small's was gonna end up on the cover of Life Magazine, I would've told them that they was crazy. Yeah, well, the Honorable Elijah Muhammad opened my eyes, brother. Maybe he can do the same for you. Brother. I ain't falling for your new hustle. Hey, this ain't no hustle, man. I know you came up in here to get some pork chops. Hey, Henry? Can you get him a plate of pork chops? - Alright. - Little apple sauce on the side. - I'm good. I'm good, Henry. - Little cinnamon twist. Listen, brother, pork is unclean, just like your mind. I heard you got out, brother. How you been? Young brother... I done this before. Yeah, you have. Hey... You... You were the first to recognize my deficiencies as a hustler. I credit you with pushing me toward the path of Islam. That's the first time anybody's accused me - of pushing 'em toward religion. - I know it is. But I believe in providence, brother. Maybe that's... Maybe that's why I ran into you today. I got something I want you to see. You know, back when I was hustling, only people into dope were artists, musicians, and hep cats. Now it's everywhere. Wasn't like this when I went away. More heroin comes out of these four project towers than any other place in Harlem. And if you're trying to grow up here, it is a nightmare. Shutting down drug corners where children grow up is the Nation's cause. Think if it was yours. Duji is duji, Malcolm. It's a commodity. It's like shoes or soap. You used to see it that way, just like I do. I changed. The Genovese family controls this spot. Yeah, well, I wanna shut it down. Yeah, that ain't gon' be easy. You wanna shut the dope down here? Yeah. But these Italians have too many guns. If that's what you need... I got guns. I got soldiers. Alright. Yeah, the white man wants you to be high and drunk. He wants you to be high and drunk the way some men try to get a woman under the influence if they wanna sleep with her. Brothers and sisters, the struggle against this drug is the struggle for liberation. Let's go.  It appears we have company. Get off of my spot! All of you, get off of my spot! Get out of here, every one of youse! Right now! Every one of these men will die for what they believe. Your men willing to do the same? You're all dead right now! I'm looking at dead men, every fucking one of youse. What took you so long?! I was getting bored! So was Chance... Pettigrew, Richie, and Junie Byrd. All of us, bored shitless. Surprised to see me, Malcolm is an old friend of mine. Malcolm, Chin used to be a pretty good boxer back in the day, till this Negro kid I managed just busted his ass up. He likes to play the dumb bruiser. But that's just so the guineas from the other Families underestimate him. But there's one thing that you didn't count on. Me. Yeah, you. You know that nobody likes you people getting all loud and boisterous, right? Isn't that a stereotype that you don't want your people to have? Nothing goes down from 110th to 160th unless I get my cut. Otherwise, I will shut you down in Dunbar. I will shut you down in Jefferson. Johnson. I will shut down all of your spots, just like I did here. Bootlip shine, I'll put you in the -- Go ahead, go ahead! Say fucking something else! You say something, I'll cut your fucking throat! Hey, hey! Hey, Johnson! - Say one more fucking word! - Johnson, cut it out! He's made! He's a made man. They'll kill you. Right? You'll have every one of the Families down on your head. Your wife and your kid will be picking pieces of you out of the East River, you know that. He's right, brother. Think of your family. That's smart. Let's go. Turn around. Let's go. Hey, darling. There's someone here who needs to talk to you. - Who? - You remember my friend Delia? She used to hostess with me down at Small's. Son's in some kind of trouble. Baby, I ain't got time for this right now. Come on, sugar. Just give her five minutes. She was there for me while you were gone. Alright, baby. Baby, you remember Delia. Of course. 'Course I do. Mr. Johnson. It's such a pleasure. Mayme tells me that,  you got a problem that you wanna talk to me about? Yes. My boy Teddy... he always had a way with music. Even when he was little, any time he played that guitar, everyone would stop whatever they was doing and listen. He plays with Mary Wells. I know Mary. Boy must be... a really good musician to be playing with Mary. Yeah, but he got a disease. An affliction. Lot of musicians, they -- they get high. It's -- It's just a part of the game. He don't touch dope. It's an addiction to white women. Sorry. They demons. This devil white woman has taken my son's soul. You got to help me, Mr. Johnson. Your girl can sing, but she ain't no Celia Cruz. Manager said Teddy ain't played the last four nights. I'll talk with Mary when she's done. She's better than Celia Cruz. Bumpy? Hey. You handsome geechee motherfucker. I heard you was out. How come you ain't come hear me sing? I'm here now, ain't I? Mary...you got the voice of an angel, you know that, right? You still married? 'Cause if you ain't, I'd like to have you for breakfast. Come on, be a good girl. Alright? Okay? Look, I'm just here for Teddy Greene, your guitar player. You know where he is? Nope. Come on. He in some kind of trouble? Guineas looking for him. Guineas? Why? Teddy had a whole key of that good brown duji. He uses? Nah, Teddy was peddling. How's a... how's a blues man get the connections to get that brown shit? That brown shit comes -- comes straight off the boat. I don't know. You know what? Teddy's mama, she's worried sick about him. Maybe he got it from that white girl he been seeing. She's Italian. You know her name? Nah. Hey! Baby. Teddy's with a guinea girl, this can go bad. They will cut off his hands, and they will cut off his feet. Please, Bumpy, don't tell nobody I told you. Go on. It's Stella Gigante. What? Stella Gigante? Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned. Stella's from my first marriage with Tess. Always been a handful. Stella is under the influence of a Negro. Like Bathsheba was seduced by David. She betrayed her family, her blood. Now, under this ni... Sorry, Negro's direction, Stella has stolen an item from me, a valuable possession that I had hidden. Now I don't know if the two of them are using the stuff or if this Negro just needs the money. But he has cast a spell on her. I love you, Teddy. I love you, Stella. Now, I have... I have asked the Lord our God... to smite this nigger dead! And if He can't do it, I swear to Christ, I will. It's between you and me only, strictly off the books. I want Bumpy Johnson dead. James Brown just a bunch of noise to me. Fool up there gyrating like he got a cockroach up his ass. Can't compare to Lena Horne, right? No, sir! No. No. No. I got some beeswax for these Osters of yours, put a deep shine on 'em. 'Course now the whole world done changed. When you was out here, we didn't have junkies nodding off all over the place. You do what I asked, Cecil? Yeah, Bumpy. So, what you got? That damn Zambrano cat you asked about? Turns out, he got a taste for dark meat. Yeah. That figures. Yeah, a girl on 36th Street named Flossie, beautiful chocolate skin, she skip by his pad, act like she his maid, and he get more than his floors waxed, I'll tell you that. Flossie? Yeah, Flossie. I'm waiting for Minister Malcolm. He should be here any minute. Well, I'm just warming his chair. Hello, Cecil. Hello, Reverend Powell. It's been a long time, Johnson. Welcome back. I have a -- a political matter I could use your assistance with. I'm a convicted felon, Congressman. I ain't got no vote for you. Well, I'll keep it mercifully short. Those Democrats at Tammany Hall have rigged things to keep me off the ballot. Don't bother asking me about Frank Costello or his connections, 'cause I ain't helping you with shit. Listen, you low country gullah rice picker, don't pull that shit on me. Costello can get me on the ballot. Listen, you high yella motherfucker, just 'cause you come from Sugar Hill don't think you can play me. When I got sent up, you said a -- a monster got taken off the street. You think that I don't know that? I think you know the difference between public pronouncements and reality. I have influence with federal law enforcement agencies. Ain't got no federal beefs. Yet. Ready, Reverend Powell? Next time, Cecil. Just consider it. That's all I'm asking. Brother Malcolm. Your pretty slick-suited brothers have been poaching from my flock. Handing out fliers in front of my church. Well, you see them as your flock. That might just be the problem. Well, least they're not the sheep of Islam with their woolly suits and bow ties. Why don't you let me preach to your congregation, brother? See if your white man's Christianity can stand up to the black man's Nation. When hell freezes over. You want my pulpit because I have 40,000 listeners on the radio. I just love seeing those silver-tongued Negroes go at it! I thought you were helping me shut down the Randolph Houses, not trying to leverage a partnership with these white devils. - You hustled me.  - We're both hustlers, Malcolm. - You just hustle for Islam now, that's all. - Whoa. Wait. Wait a minute, brother. Now, look at you. Your spit-shined shoes and Fifth Avenue suit, you're just like those integrationists fighting to sit at the white man's lunch counter, trying to get a piece of their pie. You think they see you as an equal? Or you just House Nigga to the Mob? Don't make me slap your ass, Malcolm. You're overstepping yourself. You wanted to be a lawyer when you were a kid. Just like me. We were both told a colored man could never attain it. I don't judge you. You just called me a House Nigga. When you cozy up to these Italians, you are. Now, you want my respect, even though I don't condone your business, don't integrate. Separate. Got some change? A dollar? Please, need a dollar. Get yourself some food. Get yourself some food. You gonna eat that whole thing yourself? You bet I am. Daddy's here. There the two beautiful ladies are. Looking beautiful as ever. You didn't order one for me. A man ain't seen a split for 11 years and you ain't got one waiting for him? We ordered you one. Well, I guess we're just gonna have to share, till... till mine comes? Daddy, you ate the cherry! Ain't come with no cherry. 'Course it did! I didn't see no cherry. Dig in there, see if it's down underneath there. Sometimes they put it at the bottom. Daddy, get out of my sundae. Who paying for this sundae? Mama paying. Could I have a bite? This is nice. I'll be back in a minute. Don't touch that split. Baby, come here. Come here. Here you go, punk! You little fuck! Punk! Come here! I'm gonna find you, motherfucker! You alright? You alright?- Alright. Come on, baby. Come on, sit here. It's not mine. I found it outside. Hey. Well, what happened? We both missed. Yeah, it didn't take long. We caught him up on Washington Heights. When you said that motherfuckin'  con culowas black as coal, I knew right away it was El Mugre. That motherfucker did hits for the Genovese family in Havana before Castro came in and spoiled the party. Now he work for them up here. Guapo... find out who paid him to make a move on Bumpy. Time to call Buster? Yeah. Call Buster. He's all yours. It was Zambrano! Zambrano paid me! Zambrano. Chin's guy. Thought it would take longer than that. Don't ever underestimate Big Dick Buster. Hey, let's go tell Bumpy. You like what you see? Up for some fun, baby? Get your ass outta here! Go on, now! What we gon' do, Bump? Get loud and boisterous. When I was doing my detox in solitary at Charleston, they called me "Satan." I was so full of hate. I need to talk to you about something. I've done enough talking, brother. I decided to follow your advice and separate from the guineas once and for all. Can't give you any specifics, but I need your help. Looking for a couple of kids that went on the run from Chin, and I could use the Fruit of Islam to help me find them. You have the audacity to ask me to use the Nation again? I remember one night back in '47. You brought a carload of white boys up here for some reefer and a little bit of pussy. And them Blood Alley Boys wanted to kill you. But I calmed their asses down. And I told you that night that if you stay in Harlem, you're gonna end up dead. Now, isn't that the night that you're referring to when you said that I set you on the path to Islam? Alright. But there's something you'll need to do for me. - Hey. - Adam, there's someone here to see you. I told him you weren't receiving any visitors. At last, Moses comes to the mountain. It's alright, Patricia. Mr. Johnson is one of our prized constituents. To what do I owe this honor, Mr. Johnson? I'll speak to Costello about getting you on the ballot. And what do you want in return? Your pulpit. They call it a "phone tree." Each Nation of Islam soldier calls 50 other soldiers. They searched every no-tell motel in the five boroughs looking for them kids. Turns out, they was right here in Hamilton Heights. So, they're in here. One of Malcolm's men found 'em. What you go and do that for? She bit me. Alright, hey? I ain't gonna hurt you, alright? I'm-a take this outta your mouth. Don't bite me. You stay the fuck away from me! What are you doing? Who are you? Bumpy Johnson. I'm a friend of your mama's. You know who my father is? He's gonna kill you for this shit, I promise. Of that... I have no doubt. And... what do you think that he's gonna do to your boyfriend? Right. So... I'm gonna send him down South for awhile till things cool off. It's the least I could do for your mama. I ain't going nowhere -- Hey! You think her father won't kill her for fucking a Negro and stealing a key of his duji? Romeo and Juliet isn't a romance. It's just two dumb kids who end up dead. What is this? Your ticket to freedom? What you gonna do with that? I'm saving your ass. Now, give me that cross. I'll see you two later. What about Malcolm? Don't you wanna hear him speak? I already got the message. We can,  thank Bumpy Johnson for this. Yeah, well, I'm sure there's a quid pro quo, brother. I trust you will stay within the bounds of propriety. Well, there's nothing I'm going to say your parishioners can't handle. Hello, sister. Our congregation must open  its hearts and minds... to people of all faiths, knowing that we are all one people of one God. Today, I present Minister Malcolm X. A friend of mine recently reminded me of the importance of coming together as a people to face a common enemy. Come on. Back of the bus. We must forget our differences to fight a system of oppression. Tactics based on morality can only succeed when you are dealing with a system that is moral. If a dog is biting a black man, whether a police dog, a hound dog, or any other type of dog, that black man should kill that dog. Or any two-legged dog that sics the dog on him. If the government is unwilling to protect the lives of our people, our people are within their rights to protect themselves by whatever means necessary. And I repeat, because to me, this is the most important thing, our people are within their rights to protect themselves...Keep going. ...by whatever... don't stop. Keep going....means... Keep going. - ...necessary. - Keep going. Get up. Fuck! Fuck! Fuck you! Fuck, motherfucker! You nigga, fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you! Carve that motherfucker up! You can't do this, you dumb fucker! I'm made! This is for Dexter. No, no, no, no... Fucker! Flossie, you gotta go. I need you to get out of town. You hear me? Look... I'm gonna give Johnson 110th to 160th Street. I'm gonna try and work with him. Why the change of heart? Zambrano, he stole a key of H from me, and I had to take him out. Somebody's gotta keep those niggers in line, so might as well be Johnson. Okay. Good for everybody. I told Costello that you can do your business in Harlem. Now, give me my fucking daughter. You didn't touch her, did ya? I'm not an animal. This whole thing you did here, it's a nice move. But I liked it better when you people knew your place. You know what they say. Times are changing. Yeah. They didn't touch you, did they? No, Daddy. You sure? Mia cara passerotta. Well, let's go. Let's go, come on. Hey, there, little one. Why are you here? Margaret okay? Your daughter's fine, Elise. She's fine. I came here 'cause... I wanna help you. I'm high, Daddy. Leave me alone. I can't. I'm your father. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 