Godfather of Harlem: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Godfather of Harlem 
 s1e9 - Rent Strike Blues - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Godfather of Harlem (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Rent Strike Blues - full transcript 
 Due to slum conditions in Harlem, Adam Clayton Powell Jr. leads a rent strike and investigates the owners of the buildings; Ernie Nunzi searches for the hooker who helped set up Zambrano; ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You can't do this, you dumb fucker! I'm made! Ahh! Flossie, I need you to get out of town. You hear me? I told you, this guy's off his rocker. The Bureau can't expect any valid information from this lunatic. I'm here to talk to you about your son and who you blame for his murder Vincent "Chin" Gigante. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I don't believe you. You don't have to. You can hear it from his daughter. But it's over, baby. You know that. And if you want to stay alive, it has to stay our secret. What -- What do you mean it's over? Come on, Stella. I'd rather give you up than see you dead. I'm trying to walk the line with Mayme this time around, you know? I'm sureI'll be seeing you soon. I'll take $200,000 and not a penny less. I ain't giving this bitch a dime. I'd like you to be my ears and ears 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 within the wallsof Mosque Number Seven. I want to know what Malcolm is saying, doing, and even thinking at all times. If the "gangster" can be madepolitically conscious, Islam can sweep through every ghet to in this country. Well, you wanted to start a war. And when Bonanno finds out that Chin killed his kid, you gonna have it. We will rise, we will rise with the fire in our eyes Yeah, yeah, yeah With no hate in our hearts and the future in our minds Yeah, yeah, yeah We will rise, we will rise, with the fire in our eyes Yeah, yeah, yeah Don't want to give us no heat, we ain't gonna move our feet! Don't want to give us no heat, we ain't gonna move our feet! Let the landlords hear it! Let the landlords hear it! That was Teddy Greene's new single, "Rise," which is doing just that up to the top of the charts. It's a cold Tuesday in Harlem where thousands of NYC tenants have refused to pay their rent until their rat-infested buildings are taken care of. Local police as well as Nation of Islam soldiers hope to ensure that the protest remains peaceful. I'm sorry, Reverend Powell, but I have orders to evictthe tenants of this building. Well, we are engaged in a non-violent act of civil disobedience. There will be no evictions today. I have my orders. These tenants will not pay rent until repairs are made! Gonna ask you nicely, please unchain yourselves, or we will have to cut you loose. I'm sorry, officer, but we will not. Ma'am,we have a job to do. So do we. Don't want to give us no heat, we're not gonna move our feet! Don't want to give us no heat, we're not gonna move our feet! Don't want to give us no heat, we're not gonna move our feet!Stand strong. Stand strong now! Stand strong. No, don't touch that woman. Wait! No, no, no, no! No, no, no! Stop! Stop! Hey, hey! Come on, now! Easy, easy, easy, easy! Hey! Do not hit back! We will have our day in court. My man Mr. Bumpy. Hey there, Mr. Johnson. Bumpy! Hey, Nell. I didn't expect to see you out so soon, after what happened... Got to mind the store. How we doing tonight? Place is jumpin', as you can see. We got a high-roller dice game going on out in the back. Got a couple of big-time duji buyers from Detroit up with Junie Bird. Probably gonna pull in $40,000 tonight. That's good to hear. There was a -- a lady looking for you. Yeah? Yeah. Real man-eater. You wouldn't know nothing about all that, right? See, you better watch it, or you'll end up back in that hospital. I called the hospital as soon as I heard you were shot. I didn't leave word'cause I knew that you were... with family. It's awful. Thanks for checking on me. I'm worried for you,Bumpy. I thought that you were gonna be at the Kentucky Derby this week. Fuck the Derby. Are you in pain?Does it... still hurt? I'm fine. Coincidentally, um... Your wife and I are involved inthe same cause. Adam Clayton Powell solicited my help to pay for the lawyersthat he needs to carry out this rent strike in the courts. Be careful, Amy. Careful is my middle name. I mean, since when you been involved with the civil rights movement, huh? I was at the March. I heard Dr. King's speech. White America has to take notice of what's going on in this country. The hatred, the violence. Only took a couple hundred years, huh? I'm serious. I'd do anything to advance the cause of the Negro. Yeah? Yeah Change Yeah Open up my window again Open up my window again I can hear death calling my name  I can hear death calling again  I swear to God, things ain't g'on change  I swear to God, things ain't g'on change  I keep a revolver with your name  I keep a revolver with your name  Just in case Lay on my back watching the ceiling fan  I had a dream to touch a kilo gram  Still at odds with the Irish mob  Rolls-Royce down Malcolm X Boulevard  Lord, these haters literally out here preying on me  Got the .40 on me and his hand on me  Snow White mink like I'm Dutch Schultz  Run the books and let me show you how the numbers look  You can't be Lucky like you Luciano  The kilos slamming like they new pianos  And Fat Boy got the big body Coast-to-coast, I could shoot product  Open up my window again Open up my window again I can hear death calling my name  I can hear death calling again  I swear to God, things ain't g'on change  I swear to God, things ain't g'on change  I keep a revolver with your name  I keep a revolver with your name  Just in case Yeah. Come on in. You see these toy rats? Oh, those were sent to me by my constituents. That's when I knew that the community had had enough, and I took up this rent strike as my cause. It had nothing to do with all that bad publicityon Esther James? None whatsoever. Huh. Make yourself comfortable. Speaking of rats... How can I help you, Johnson? Lots of rats in Harlem these days. Real ones. And ones seeking publicity. This is more than just a publicity stunt. Hmm. People's lives and well being are at stake. The people in Harlem live in miserable conditions, and someone's got to do something about it! I can help. I talked to, uh, some landlords, and they're willing to grant a sum of moneyto fix the buildings. In exchange for what? For your helpin ending the rent strike and making sure that this doesn't go to court. And your friends, are they of the Italian persuasion? Not at liberty to say. Well, I'll find out. There's a shell company that owns millions of dollars worth of real estate in Harlem. The owners are entirely hidden from view and pay no taxes. "Bowery Lane Holding Corporation." I have some very expensive lawyers working night and day, funded by Amy Vanderbilt, so I can expose those names at the hearing. And when I do, I will put those buildings into receivership, I will prosecute the owners, and I will make sure that all of them go to jail. Is there nothing that I can doto change your mind? Most assuredly not. Easy. I'm moving shitloads of your dope. Very sophisticated, huh, Donny? I've never seen an operation like this. Yeah. My man Bumpy's one of a kind. I've known Bumpy since the Cotton Club days. Yeah. You know, don't think I don't know that my war with Chin benefits you more than anyone. You got the best dope pipeline you ever had, straight off the boat from Marseilles. Junie Bird, how many kilos we take from Mr. Bonanno this month? Close to 1,000. 1,000. Chin's backed into a corner. There's nothing more dangerous than a cornered animal. You're gonna need moneyto -- to fight him off. How about I take 1,500 kilos and you mark the price down to $22,000 per key? Sure, but that's not why you asked me here. You got big problem son the horizon. You heard about the -- therenter strikes in Harlem, right? Yeah.The, uh, Five Families own about 35% of all of the slum buildings. If mob control of Harlem and real estate is exposed, it'll be bad. They can't connect those buildings to us. I wouldn't be so sure. Powell's got somehigh-priced lawyers now. If Powell finds out that it's the mob, we'll lose those buildings into government receivership. So, what do you propose? Chin's off his rocker. He's... he's walking around in afucking bathrobe, for God sake. It's fucking -- it's a fucking embarrassment. This is who you gotrunning the Genovese Family? How aboutI get Powell to back off on the Bowery Lane investigation? Hmm? Could you help make a casefor Chin's removal? Don't you see? This war with 27 deadon either side. It's Bumpy Johnson. He's the cause of all these. What? Bumpy Johnson, he did this. He did it all. Get out of here. Johnson convinced Bonanno that I'm responsible for the disappearance of Lorenzo. The kid fucking disappearedin 19-fucking-57 in Harlem. He's blaming me? He killed Lorenzo, and I'm gonna prove it! I think that crazy act of yours has finally gone to your head. He killed Richie Zambrano. You told me that you killed Zambrano. I was lying. All right? He had my daughter hostage. Bumpy saved my life in Lewisburg. He has never lied to me, not even once. You remember the trial of Don Vitone? Naturally. Okay. That brutto cazzo judge, he tells the jury that if they caught a witness in one lie, that they could dismiss the entire testimony. You remember that? If I convince youthat Johnson killed Zambrano, you will arrange a summit with Bonanno. Oh, boy. We all meet. Hey! What do you think? Okay. Bumpy Johnson, he's playing all of us. Harlem is a tinderbox. It's about to explode. This morning, cops were sent to evict those tenants, and it was only the protection from the Nation of Islam soldiers that kept those tenants safe. Our Black Self-Defense Army is the natural evolution of what we preach. Very good, Malcolm. Very good. Once again,you've exceeded my expectations. In your Honor, Dear Holy Apostle. Let's have a word in private. You've come so far, Malcolm. Your father was killedwhen you were a child, your mother in a mental hospital, years in foster care, then, inevitably, prison. When you wrote me that letterfrom jail, even I had no idea that someday, I wouldsay these words to you. You have enemies among the leadership in Chicago. And even likely, you haveenemies in this mosque. They think you use the platform I have given you for your own advancement. It's not -- But I hope when the day comes that I leave this Earth plane, my successor will be you,my son. I could never replace you, Dear Holy Apostle. I don't want youor your Black Self-Defense Army to be involved in any "civil rights" actions, including how they were utilized for the rent strike today. May I ask why, Messenger? As I have said many times, we are a religious organization, not a political one. We work for souls, not apartment buildings. You don't need to antagonize the government. You got enough enemies without them. Let me get a Schlitz. Ernie! My man! Good to see you! Where you been? I ain't seen you in ages,man! I'm working, Isaiah. You know, makin' a living. Oh, come on. Nell! Nell, this Ernie Nunzi right here. Huh? Hello. How you doin', sister? How's everybody doin' today? Or is it still last night? Nell. Nell, give my man Ernie here a real drink. Come on, what you want? What you drinking? No, no, I'm good. I'm looking for a lady. Take a look around. You see something you like, you just ask. And if it's not here, I can call it in. I'm talking special delivery, baby. She used to do a guy named Richie Zambrano. Her name's Flossie. I don't know no Flossie, man. She ain't one of mine, no, sir. I know you used to get girls for Richie from time to time, so how is it you don't know Flossie? Zambrano... Italian guy? Yeah. Is.. Is that the cat that got iced? Isaiah, I'm asking the questions. Where is she? I know where she is. Where? Why you want to know? I hear she dresses up as a maid, has this whole act. I'm into that kind of thing. Pretty boy like you could get any girl he wants, you like "domestic" service. Ah, don't be ashamed now. We all got our kinks! Unfortunately, you're gonna have to find another "Hazel" to feather-dust that sweet meat between your legs. Where is she? Flossie left the business. Became a Seventh-day Adventist. Last I heard, she took a child and moved to Washington state. Mm. Good for her. She got some of that good ol' time religion, as some of the girls will do from time to time. I'm lookin' for a woman by the name of Flossie. I got a $100 bill for anyone who can tell me where to find her. All right. Thanks, anyway. There's a hundo in it for you, too, if you hear anything. My man, I'll -- I'll -- I'll ask around. I got to call Bumpy. If those guineas are looking for Flossie, that's bad news. Back so soon, Johnson? What is it this time? I want toend this rent strike, and I brought someone to help persuade you. Esther James. She's come herein the spirit of compromise. Where is my money? You owe me $211,000, and I want my money! Hello, Esther. And I'm tired of your sweet talk, too, Bumpy. I had an idea for how we could kill two birds with one stone. Settle your rent strike and end your proceedings with Esther James. She's willing to with draw the case and settle for the sum of $1. Are you trying tobribe a congressman? No, I'm trying to stop this woman from tarnishing your legacy. I mean, it may seem like a joke to you, but she has that power. Really. Get out, both of you, right now, or I'll call the FBI. You can take that with you. We will rise, we will rise with the fire in our eyes  Yeah, yeah, yeah With no hate in our hearts and the future in our minds  Yeah, yeah, yeah Daddy, look. Mommy's in the newspaper. Oh, yeah? You should be proud of your mom. What is it, Daddy? It's time toget to your homework. I think we had enough of thisrent strike business for now. Good picture. It was really quite a scene. The cops were attacking us. It was terrifying. But Doug Jones, he was there to protect you, right? He was there, Delia and Lillian was there, Malcolm,lots of folks were there. I don't see Lillian's arms around you. He intervened when a cop pushed me. You angry he was there, or that you weren't? Look, this is about fighting for tenant rights. Don't turn it into something it's not. I don't care about what it's not. I care about what it is. What is it? You remember what you said to me before they put you on that transport plane to Alcatraz in '52? "Do what you got to do, but do not ever disgrace me." I have never, ever disgraced youin public or otherwise. Okay, 11 years is a long time. And you're a beautiful, intelligent woman. But I need to know, do I have anything I need to worry about? Do I? What're you talking about? I could smell Amy Vanderbilton your clothes last night. $500 an ounce perfume has a wayof announcing itself. She don't mean nothin'. Showgirls and flooziesmean nothin', not the sixth wealthiest womanin America who shares your loveof "literature." Look, you and I, we're a team. We have each other's back from Day One. It's not something you're gonna see in that newspaper. Come in. Brother Minister. I brought you some food. Well, thank you, Sister, but I'm not hungry. I'm sorry, but you don't have a choice. You ain't eat since yesterday and I'm gonna stuff it down your throat if I have to. I apologize, Brother Minister. Sometimes I forget myself. It's fine, Sister. Apology accepted. What's got you down? I'm overcome with the feeling that the white man is going to win. We are out-manned, out-weaponed, and our philosophy seems empty to me right now. Because the Messenger says wecan't fight at the rent strikes? The Black Self-Defense Army, that was us putting words into action. I must admit, I -- I feel discouraged. Like you once said to me, stumbling is not falling. Sister, there's a new patient, and she's very sick. Please come with me. That song shot up way too fast. Look at him. You think he on that duji? Hey I'm just a simple dude with simple needs, you know? That's why all the girls love me  Bobby knew that. Bobby Robinson. Rest in peace. Because when I get to lovin' I'm as lovable as I can be I'm a raging ball of fire, babe  I'm a barrel of fun Can we talk? I'm a whole barrel of fun Ladies, give us a minute. Why don't y'all get us a drink? 60 minute man all in one It's a nice little party you got going. It's amazing how quick "Rise" got hot. You and Bumpy really set me up right at Royal Chord. I'll always be grateful for that. I keep hearing your voice playing on the radio all over the city. Even got paid for it. I know you're angry. You should be. You should also know what you mean to me. You don't know who means what to you. You're just a confused little white girl. And I don't need you anymore. You. Yeah. Get in the car. $5 for a blow. $20 for everything else. $100 for the blow job. What do you say? It's your money. No, you're gonna tell me what I want to know. About what? I know you know something. I seen the way you reacted at the club. It's a lot of money. You can buy a lot of dope with that. No one knows you're here with me. It's easy money. Flossie used to see that Italian guy, Zambrano. He was real regular, but then she left town. Yeah? Where did she go? Uh,she got family in Philly. I heard she went there, but somebody tell me she came back to see her mama in Harlem. Where can I find her now? She working these corners? Ain't seen her. Nell would know more about that, not me. I just know she came back to Harlem. All right. Thank you. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Where you going? Come on, I gave you $100 for a blow job. You're not finished. That was a joke, sweetie. Don't -- Don't worry. You're beautiful, sister. Powell wants to control all of those buildings. Government's just another form of the Mafia. I mean, since when does the government care about our people? Winter's coming. And I can give people immediate relief. Elise, uh, where did Powell say the demonstration was going to be held today? 625 117th Street. My offer to Powell is a fair one. It'll getpeople's homes fixed. Turn the heat on. Replace some pipes. Yeah, well, when the offer comes from a consortium of Italian mobsters, I can understand his hesitancy. It'll help the community. I mean,isn't that the point? I need you to help me convince him. Here you are. And you. Here you go. The sausages are not mine. I got yours. You're off the pork now,too? Yes, Daddy. I remember when you was a little girl, you used to love some bacon. I still do love it, I just don't eat it. The Qur'an forbids us the flesh of swine. You got her brain washed pretty well now. It's called devotion. This is ridiculous. Is there nothing you can do? You have to do something. You can't let this happen. I'm sorry, sir. They must have paid off the precincts. My supervisor won't send any men. Take your hands off that man! This is private muscle, hired by the landlords. This is -- This is disgraceful. Look at the children. Wingate. I'm so sorry. I put this in your lap, Johnson. What are you talking about? Your "paisans" have sicced their goon squads on these good people, evicting them from their apartments! I came here to help these people, all right? Reverend Powell, uh, in perhaps light of the coming winter, maybe we should consider Bumpy's proposal. To help ease the suffering. The only suffering Bumpy wants to ease is his own. My lawyers have finally found out the true owners of Bowery Lane Holdings. Wingate, would you hand me the affidavit, please? These are just a few of the names of the real owners. Bonanno. Gigante. Lucchese. Genovese. Costello. Gambino. And here's one that doesn't end in a vowel. Johnson. That'd be you. I have nothing to do with these goons, all right? Well, you can explain that to the judge. He'll either get you for this or he'll get you for tax evasion. Sister. Look. I have interest in Bowery Lane. Me and the guineas, we bought some buildings in Harlem back in the '40s when we were tight. But my buildings, they're not slums. All right? That would have been nice to know...brother. Before you tried to use me. -Oh, my God. -Olympia?! Oh, my God, Vin? Vin, hurry! Hurry! Vin! Vin! Vin! Vin! Oh, my God, it's bad. Where is she?She's upstairs in the bedroom. Can't you call a doctor? No, I was waiting for you. I didn't know what to do. All right, call my guy! His name is Dr. Kogan. Tell him to meet us now! Stella! Ah, Jesus. Baby, baby, baby. Come here, come here, come here, come here. Look at me. Ah, Jesus. Stella. Come here, baby. Come here. Ah, Jesus. Oh, baby, please. Please. What'd you take? What'd you take? How many did you take?! Stella! Stell, baby, please, please, please! Get some coffee! Bring some ice or something, please! I love you so much, okay? I love you so much. I'm sorry, all right? I -- Forgive me, please. Oh, my God, please. Where were you? There's no need for that, Sister Marny. Was Brother Malcolm on 117th Street? Oh, please, Sister. You know good and well. Minister Malcolm and I heard about the violence on the street. We went, but it wasn't anything planned. He didn't do anything. Should Malcolm have done something? No, Dear Holy Apostle. I asked you to be my eyes and hears here at the mosque, Sister Elise. You did, Dear Holy Apostle. Do you understand how important that mission is? For Malcolm's own protection, we need to know everything. He's only ever spoken of your glories, Dear Holy Apostle. You are to report, without fail, to Sister Marny, anything you see or hear. I don't understand. Why would Flossie come back to Harlem when I gave her express orders not to come back here? Her mama's dying. Her last days. She wanted to come back and say goodbye. You gave her a whole new life when you paidto set her up in Philly. She found God, got herself right. Really started raisingthat little girl of hers. If the guineas are after Flossie, then Chin is trying to prove that I killed Zambrano. Listen, Isaiah's got Flossies tashed at a hotel. Clyde's gonna drive her down south for a while. We're gonna put her up at Rawley's Farm just outside of Charleston. You done good, Nell. I'll be in touch. Nell. Apreda. Have a seat. Still drink those old fashions? You have a good memory. Don't mind if I do. I'm gonna have a ginger ale, but I'll pour you a scotch. When was the last time we saw each other? Cotton Club, I think. Duke Ellington was playing. That was the night that, uh, you killed Jimmy Richards. Chopped him up into a few pieces, if I recall. He was a good friend of mine. He owed money. Yeah. Why you here? Powell's got the names ofthe Bowery Lane owners. The real owners. There's a paper trail that could prove tax fraud. Bonanno wants to know what you're gonna do about it. I'm working on it. That's not good enough. Oh, is that a threat? Not to you. It would not be wise to take outa sitting congressman. Bonanno agrees. That's why he wants you to handle it. If you don't, we will. Stell. Stella, babe. Hey, hey,you're gonna be okay. Get away from me. Baby. You tried to have Teddy killed. And Lorenzo. Lorenzo? What're you talking about? Stop lying to me. I know what you've done. You're a monster... Look, I come here, I see you lying on the floor, my whole fucking life passedin front of my eyes. Every mistake I ever made. And it ends like this? No,it's gonna end like this. 'Cause... there's nothing in the worldI love more, I need more than you. And yes, I've done horrible things. Yeah. Will you leave Teddy alone? Yeah. Yeah,I-I-I swear on Jesus, and -- and the Holy Mother, and -- and anything else you want me to swear on. Tell me what happened to Lorenzo. Well... You know -- I always liked him. He was a good kid. Not too bright, but, you know. He was a good kid. And I knewyou were seeing him. You know, sneaking out after school. You forget, I -- I got people that report back to me, right? And I know that you -- that you got an abortion, and I think that you should've come to me. I was terrified what you might do. He was older than you. He should have known better. He didn't deserve to die. I'm protective. I didn't want him to put you through any more pain. Daddy... I loved him. Yeah. Yeah, I know. I know, okay? And I'm sorry, all right? And I'm sitting here, and I'm asking for your forgiveness. All right? You're my little bambina. Always been my little bambina. You're my first. Come on, come back to me,Stella. Baby. Hey. Come back. Come back to me. Mrs. Johnson. Hello, Roy. Saw your picture in the paper. It's admirable what you're doing. I can say the same for you. All right, Congressman Powell is ready. Ah. Mrs. Johnson. Reverend. Pleasure to see you. Delightful. Uh, excuse us, Wingate. Oh, you asked me to be in here. And now I'm asking you to leave. Please,make yourself comfortable. Thank you. I am here to promise you that Bumpy will settle his tax bill. And I would hope you won't mention him in court? Your husband is in cahoots with Italian mobsters who are laundering money, evading taxes, and ruining our city. His properties are not like theirs. You know that. Hmm. Well, he hasn't paid his fair share. I mean, someone has to pay my salary. He's willing to pay his taxes with interest. Bumpy Johnson is a criminal. How does he deserve a smart, good-looking,fine woman like you? It's easy to think that you hit a home run because you were born on third base. My husband grew up at a time where the path he chose was his best option. Don't put him in the same bag as the Italians. Mrs. Johnson. I just wanted to tell you that I came to Congressman Powell's aid because he asked for my help, not out of any desire to step on your turf. It's quite all right. Has the good Reverend made a move on you yet? Why, no. You know how men are. They get tired ofthe filet mignon at home, so they go out fora greasy cheeseburger. I tried to convince him, but Powell isn't gonna budge. They'll go to court tomorrow, he's gonna spill our names. But, uh, we can fight this out legally. 'Cause we got good lawyers, too. I agree. Your man Donnie Apreda, he, uh -- he said if I don't do it, then you will. What do you want me to do, whack the Congressman? The one I'd like to whackis that Bobby Kennedy, that back-stabbing Irish mickdonkey motherfucker. But like you said, we got good lawyers. We're good then. We'll fight this in court. We're good. You okay? I stood there today and watched tenants be brutalized and did nothing. Then Powell tells me that Bumpy is a slumlord, so, no, Sister, I'm not okay. My father's a gangster. And so were you. And I love your father. I've always had a soft spot for him. I overlook the choices Bumpy makes like I would those of no other man simply because I have always believed he was fundamentally decent. But I'm telling you, Sister, it is imperative that I recalculate based on his association with the very things that cause suffering in this community. I know Dear Holy Apostle for bade you to act, but maybe my father can. Didn't you say the man white America fears most is the Negro gangster? I said that when the black gangster gains a political consciousness, white America would drop to its knees. Then go to him. Get him to protect Powelland the tenants. Make the gangster a political weapon. In here, baby. We're gonna get you to South Carolina. Come on. In here. You're gonna regret this! Nah, sister. Bumpy Johnson'sgonna regret this. Get in the car. You didn't have to hit him, Benny. Yeah,he was drawing on you! He fucking knows me! He wouldn't have shot me! Jesus Christ. Somebody had to get hit. And so how did Bumpy approach you? He came up to me over at 22 West, asked me if I knew this Zambrano cat. And what'd you say? I said I knew him... intimate-like. And then what? Promised me $1,000 if I let him know when I was up with that boy again, if I could leave the door open a crack. And you said yes. Honey, I got three kids got to eat every single day. They don't take a day off when it come to food. You knew that Bumpy wanted to kill Zambrano. I ain't know nothing. I don't get into folk business. Where did you go afterwards? Bumpy thought it would be best if I moved out of Harlem, go live with my kinfolk in Philly. Gave me another $500 for the move. Did you see Bumpy kill Zambrano? Carve that motherfucker up. Come on. What good's it gonna do to lie now? I ain't gonna walk out the door. You guineas don't let people like me walk out. So, being plain honest, I'm gonna say this -- I saw Bumpy cut that peckerwood into ribbons with his straight-razor, and I enjoyed every single minute. That cracker squealed like a motherfuckin' pig. Now take my ass out so I don't have to look at y'all ugly faces no more. This rent strike situation is heading toward disaster. Powell's life could be in danger to these hoodlums. If he goes to court, they could be exposed. They ain't dumb enough to touch him. And you trust what the Italians tell you? Every man has a legacy, whether they want one or not. What is yours going to be? How much money you have? Or will it be because of your larger service to the world and to your race that you left your community better than you found it? What is you want from me, Malcolm? Get conscious, brother. Get conscious. Boss, can I ask you a question? What is it? You told me how Bumpy Johnson shut down the protest of Fidler's 'cause of what was hidin' in that basement. He knew you had somethin' down there. Maybe Bumpy Johnson told Bonanno that you killed Lorenzo. You got to convince Bonanno that Bumpy was behind it all. Don't worry, smartass. I got it covered. This is 1010 WINS. You give us 22 minutes, we'll give you the world. In today's headlines, Congressman Adam Clayton Powell Jr. is due in federal court this morning for hearings on the Harlem tenant strike affecting over 5,000 people. Powell says he's gonna make public a list of the secretive owners behind a shell company that has allowed slum conditions to flourish in the ghetto. -Hey! -Hey! -Good morning, Calvin. -Good morning, Reverend. I didn't see you at church on Sunday. Oh, I'll be there next week. They say they're cold-blooded,ah  Yeah, he cold-blooded This is one of Bumpy Johnson's filthy dope houses. I had to torture of his friends, Bobby Robinson, to find out where it was. We raided it this morning. Why am I here? I didn't kill Lorenzo. Your own daughter said you did. Nah, Bumpy forced her to lie to you. He wants your drug connection, right? He told her he was gonna kill her. Evil is as evil does Mama looked away, blamed it on his needle buzz  Sold the food out the freezer when he needed drugs  Begging like he Cool J when he needed love  Yeah Even when Bumpy Johnson was in prison, niggers had to take sides. When we was at war in '57, Bumpy Johnson was helping Vito Genovese. And the niggers that killed your son, they was under Bumpy's control. They said his skin wasn't light enough  And his future wasn't bright enough  Bumpy Johnson killed your son. He's trying to blame it on me. They say they're cold-blooded,ah  Yeah, he cold-blooded Your neck too soft, put a knife to it  Funeral room zone, get your wife to it, whoo!  They say he cold-blooded Upper hand, who want it? Huh?  Saint Christopher.  Yeah, he cold-blooded I gave this to my son. He was supposed to protect him. Niggas ain't really talkin' for some hours  You g'on die if you try to take ours  Bumpy Johnson instigated this war, Joe. Boy, we cold-blooded, ha He's fooling us all. What are we gonna do about it? Yeah. Yeah. They say he cold-blooded "...in which Congressman Powell achieved a victory for the residents of Harlem when a judge ruled in the tenants' favor, putting an end to the long and costly rent strike. The slumlords, which Powell named in the successful bid for receiver ship, are currently being investigated for fraud and tax evasion by FBI and IRS. They include the following names -- Thomas Lucchese, Joseph Bonanno, Frank Costello, Joe Proface,Vincent Gigante." He left your name out of it. Maybe he realized we're on the same team, little prick. So are we. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 