Godfather of Harlem: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Godfather of Harlem 
 s1e10 - Chickens Come Home to Roost - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Godfather of Harlem (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Chickens Come Home to Roost - full transcript 
 Bumpy blackmails the mob in an effort to secure safety for himself and his family; President John F. Kennedy is assasinated; Teddy performs at the Apollo Theater in Harlem. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My successorwill be you, my son. You don't need to antagonize the government. You got enough enemieswithout 'em. I watched tenants be brutalized and did nothing. Bump: Seeing you, Mayme, and Margaret standing there together, it was like Heaven on Earth for me. Margaret is notmy biological daughter. She's Elise's. Bumpy isMargaret's grandfather. I need your consent to legally adopt Margaret. I can't give up my child. Finally found out the owners of Bowery Lane Holdings. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 And here's one. Johnson. Malcolm X: Every man has a legacy, whether they want one or not. Let's get the bus to California. This is everything we worked towards. It's finally coming true. Don't you see this girl is gonna get you killed? Mama, shut your damn mouth! - She's right. - It's over, Teddy. I'd rather give you upthan see you dead. Chin: Stella! How many did you take?! Stella! You're a monster. Will you leave Teddy alone? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Tell me what happened to Lorenzo. You killed Joe's son. 'Cause he was fucking your daughter! Bumpy has never lied to me, not even once. If I convince you thatJohnson killed Zambrano, you will arrange a summitwith Bonanno. I saw Bumpy cut that peckerwood into ribbons, and I enjoyed every single minute. Chin: Bumpy Johnson instigated this war. What are we gonna do about it? Costello: Bumpy Johnson. You are here to answer a summons that you, in cold-blooded fashion, did murder a made manin the Genovese Family. I'm here to respond to those charges. Sit down. Costello: Chin, why don't you start? Bumpy Johnson came out of prisonless than a year ago. - He had one thing on his mind. the desire to steal from us. To pit usagainst each other... to take territory that wasnever his in the first place! And worst of all, he killedmy capo, Richie Zambrano. He is not the loyal soldier that spent 11 yearsprotecting Vito Genovese. He's been inspiredby the nigger "uprising" that's poisoning this country. And this nigger herehas forgotten his place! He's a cancer to our families. And I move to cut this cancer out! The war of '57, he ordered the murder of my son from his prison cell. I think he killed my capo Donnie Apreda just a couple of weeks ago. My Family wants the contract for his death. It is my right. Bonanno. I don't kill kids. You bought into this line of bullshit from a guy who walks around the street in a bathrobe? Come on. You killed Zambrano, and then you lied to me about it. 30 years, you lied to me! 30 years of friendshipbetween us, and you betrayed me! Tell me you didn't lie! I admit it. I killed Richie Zambrano. In self-defense! Against the orders of the Familyto not touch me, he sent a hitter to kill me with my family. So I killed him. Which is the same thing that anyone of you guys would've done. You killed a made man! That's end of story! Can I finish with my say? 1963's been a tough year for me. I think it's been even worse for you guys. A couple of weeks ago, Adam Clayton Powell named many of you in the Bowery Lane investigation. Bowery Lane has kept our illegalprofits hidden for years. And over the last number of years, I've been watching every single transaction of Bowery Lane, the same kind of transactions that sent Al Capone to jail for life. I am... the mob's worst nightmare. I'm a Negro with a mind for numbers. And I got the records in a safe deposit box... which will stay there... unless you try to harm me, you try to harm my family, you try to harm my men. Those Bowery Lane records will go back to Adam Clayton Powell'sSubcommittee on Organized Crime. Are you telling methat you're gonna snitch? You? You're gonna snitch? You see the news, see why the U.S. and Russia don't blow each other sky-high. It's because they got nuclear weapons pointed at each other, just like we do. Mutually assured destruction. Malcolm X: So... So let me get this straight. What you're saying isl inspired you to protect a manyou can't even stand? Me and Powell, we're like oil and water. Eh, see, I think you'rebeginning to attain a politicalconsciousness, Bumpy. Good. 'Cause everyone knows that crime don't pay as well as politics do. But don't you get it, brother? When men of your stripeget political, that's when everything changes. We'll have a million-man armyto fight oppression. Even more so when you take over the nation. Your day is coming, Minister. - Yeah. - It's coming. Man on TV: Here is a bulletin from CBS News. In Dallas, Texas, three shots were fired at President Kennedy's motorcade in downtown Dallas. The first reports say that President Kennedy has been seriously wounded by this shooting. This is Walter Cronkite in our news room. There has been an attempt, as perhaps you know now, on the life of President Kennedy. He was wounded in an automobile driving from Dallas airport into downtown Dallas along with Governor Connally of Texas. They've been taken to Parkland Hospital there, where their condition is as yet unknown. We have not been told their condition at Dallas in the downtown hotel room. This picture has just been transmitted by wire. It is a picture taken just moments... Split moment before the... Terrible. Just terrible. Assassination attempt is here. Let's see if we can get a real close-up of that picture that has just arrived. Good lord. What is the world coming to? You'll notice a smiling Mrs. Kennedy and the President in the back seat of the car. Mrs. Connally... and Governor Connally, you cannot see behind. The assassin took dead aim. He got the President, apparently, with the first shot in the head and then Governor Connally. From Dallas, Texas, the flash apparently official... President Kennedy died at 1:00 p.m. Central Standard Time, 2:00 Eastern Standard Time, some 38 minutes ago. We do not know, uh, to where he has proceeded. People are gonna remember what they were doing when they first heard President Kennedy was killed. He was the first president to say that civil rights was a moral issue. Yes, yes. We've lost a good friend. President Kennedy at the Dallas airport this morning, uh, was cheerful and waving. It's been quite a... Ladies, we shall notbe defeated by this. We shall overcome. I just can't believe it. Jack. Jack. Chin: Nice work, Mr. Lee Harvey Oswald. The son of a bitch is dead. Suspect in the assassination of President Kennedy. Maybe now I can get a date with Marilyn Monroe. Pbht! Dream on. Hold on. I want to hear this. Pro-Castro Fair Play for Cuba Committee. He went to Russia in 1959 saying he was relinquishing his United States citizenship. He returned last year, complaining that he was disillusioned. Holy shit. A fuckin' commie did this! Oswald... Do me a favor, guys. Give us some... Some privacy here. Where he will be questioned. He is also a suspect in the murder... Eight ball? You gonna hit me with that fuckin' cue again? Hey. Come on. No hard feelings. Huh? Not long after the shot was fired on President... We can make a move on Bumpy. How? He'll put us all in the joint if we take a shot. Well, with Kennedy dead... you know, Bobby Kennedy'sgot no latitude to fuck us. Bumpy's leverage goes away whenthe investigation goes away. We would really have to be sure before we make a move. Oh, I know a way we can stay clean. How's that? I got a guy inPalermo, Sicily, right? Somebody I bring inwhen I want to make sure nobody can connect me to anything I do. You fly him in, he does his work, he's on a plane the next day. - A Zip? - Yeah. He's a specialist. He's got over 40 contracts. Best Zip there is. Salud. Man: In the news this Sunday, Lee Harvey Oswald, who has been charged with the murder of President Kennedy and a Dallas police officer, will be transferred today from Dallas Police headquarters... Daddy, why'd he do it? Our cameras are waiting at the police headquarters, where he will soon be escorted... You'll understand this betterwhen you get older... but there's some really badpeople in this world. Like the guy who killedPresident Kennedy. Or those peoplewho were shooting at me. So, I'm gonna send youdown south with your mama for a little while. I'll come and get you just as soon as this trouble is over, all right? I don't wanna go down south. Margaret, listen to your daddy. Go to your room, get your things together. I'll be in to help in a minute. What is going on? I stepped on Joe Bonanno's toes when I protectedAdam Clayton Powell. And I kept Bonanno and the guineas at bay with this... With this Bowery Lane thing, but... You pulled your trump card. If the Italians go down for tax evasion, so will you. I had to. Bonanno's coming after me. He thinks I killed his kid. We're not safe in Harlemright now. I'm gonna get Chance andPettigrew to take you down to my sister's in Spartanburg, all right? I can't believe I'm leaving Harlem. You remember that poem thatLangston says about Harlem? "What happens to a dream deferred?" "Does it dry up likea raisin in the sun?" I got a dream, babe. You, Margaret... Elise, me. We're gonna be a real family. I may have to defer right now, but... but I ain't letting it go. Mm. Hey. I got this. Just take me a little bitto work it out, all right? Okay. Okay. Man on TV: Earlier today, the President's car took them from the hospital to Love Field, where they boarded... Olympia: I'm so sick of this news. So depressing. Think about poor Mrs. Kennedy, what she must be going through. I know. Reports are Mrs. Kennedy is holding up... as well as one can... in this difficult a time. I'll get it. Relax. She has been described as stunned... I love you. President Kennedy's casket was accompanied back to Washington by the First Lady and President Johnson, who waited to leave for Washington until they were all able to travel together. Stella. You have a visitor. Wasn't gonna let him in, but he insisted. Just remember, this is your father's house. And he wouldn't like this at all. Downtown Dallas. Teddy, what are you doing here? I brought you these. I told him you didn't feel good, but I guess he didn't hear me. Teddy, this is my stepmom, Olympia. Olympia, this is Teddy. I know who he is. Could you put these in a vase or something? Please? Mrs. Kennedy is now in Washington accompanying the President's body, which will be placed in the tomb beneath the White House and will then move to the... I'll give you three minutes. Three. You say what you got to say. Life can be over in a second, shattered by a bullet. I've lived that fear. And I'm willing to accept that reality if it means I can be with you. Okay. Oh, Teddy. You got some nerve. The both of ya's. Your father would hitthe ceiling, Stella! You got to go. Come on. Let's go. Get out. Come on. Let's go. Now! Elijah: Thank you all for joining me on this trying day. I've gathered the leadership of Mosque Number Seven to say that, on account of President Kennedy's death, I've canceled my appearance onthe Lester Wolff show on Friday. Malcolm, I'd like you to take my place. Yes, sir. You are to make no remarks at all concerning the assassination. With all due respect, Dear Holy Apostle, this is our opportunity. How's this man's death an "opportunity"? Because the white man'shatred, so casually practiced againstdefenseless black people, has spread unchecked and struck downits very own Chief of State. This may be the only momentwhere we are able to get the white man to realizethe error of his ways. If asked, you are to say, "No comment." With all due respect, Dear Holy Apostle, today the white man needs our voice even worsethan the so-called Negro. Are you even listening to the Messenger, Brother? Captain Henry, did any white person mourn the death of Medgar Evers when America's hateshot him in the back? Did any of them mourn Patrice Lumumba when Kennedy's CIAplotted his assassination? And what exactly do you hope to gain other than more self-promotion? In every appearanceon radio or television, I make it crystal clear that I am the Dear HolyApostle's representative. My briefcase is stockedwith his photograph. You think you're the only one who works around here? You don't sell no newspapers. You ain't out there fishing for recruits! You got amnesia, Brother? As I recall, I fished your assout of a garbage can in '52. Elijah: Malcolm, Henry. Silence. Sometimes a man is so dedicated to a righteous cause that he begins to believe he isthe cause. Mind your tongue with Lester Wolff. Yes, sir. Captain Henry: That smooth-talkin' Negro tried to show me up in front of the Messenger? Sister Marny: Restrain yourself. I'm gonna kill that motherfucker. Malcolm is currently Dear HolyApostle's choice to replace him. That doesn't meanhe can't change his mind. Do you know something? He asked Sister Eliseto spy on Malcolm. Does that sound like a man whois sure of his replacement? No. Bide your time. Action against Malcolmis always an option. Hmm. So, who is this Lee Harvey Oswald? I think he was hiredby the New Orleans Mob. That's a stretch. Let's just hope this fuckingpatsy keeps his mouth shut. - Patsy? - Oswald. I'll bet you anythingBobby Kennedy had the goods on, uh, Marcello in New Orleans and Giancana in Chicago, and then those guyshad Kennedy whacked. You ask me, this is a clearcase of self-defense. How do you know all this shit? After I got made, I did a littlepiece of work in Chicago. I ain't never making my bones. Hey, don't worry. You're gonna get made someday. You just got to have, you know, like, initiative. When I got tapped, I was 26,even younger than Chin. 'Cause I knew what my bossneeded, and I delivered. No questions. "Initiative." Nobody understands the dangerof the "Cosa Nostra" as much as I do, but to suggest that Kennedy waskilled by the mob is outrageous. If you think that they won't touch a politician you're wrong. Kennedy had more powerfulenemies than the mob. Russia, for one. Or... Or Castro. Castro ain't stupid enough to whack a president. We'd wipe his country off the face of the Earth. Well, hold on. W-Why would the mob risk it? Come... Okay. Kennedy's father, Joe, was a bootlegger with connections to the mob. They say that the Chicago outfitswung the election so that his son would be elected. But the minute, the very minutethat Jack Kennedy gets sworn in, he makes his brother Attorney General, and Bobby goes after the mob. So, here's the thing. After that, Giancana in Chicago and, uh, Marcello in... In... in New Orleans, they all made threats against Bobby. Well, if they hate Bobbyso much, why kill the Presidentand not him? Because if they kill Bobby, the President can use the Army and the Marinesto go after them. But with Jack Kennedy gone, Bobby just loses his power. Where's your proof? Look, it's just a theory right now, but you need to use all your Congressional authority to continue to investigate the mob, all right? This is rich. You want me to use my officeto target your enemies? They're your enemies, too. Who do you think hired the lawyers for Esther James to sue you? Has it ever occurred to you why I didn't lump you in withall those other guinea mobsters at the tenant rent strike hearings? Because deep down, you know that we're on the same side. Because your wifeappealed for my clemency... in exchange forpaying your back taxes. And out of the goodness of my heart, I took a measure of pity on that poor woman. If I were you... I'd quit while you're ahead. Ahh. Ahh. Huh? Empire State Building, yeah? No, no. Ah. Ah. Will there be anything else? Man: Oh, that's... Thank you. - Okay? - Okay. Hey. Keep it quiet. It's Mrs. Gigante. I need to talk to him. Sure, Mrs. G.Let me show you inside. I wasn't even gonna say anything to you 'cause I thought you were gonna blow up. Boy, he's got some fuckin' nervecoming to the house, yeah? What are you gonna do about it? Nothin'. What do you mean, nothin'? I swore to her that I'd stayout of her life, you know? What's gotten into you, Vincent? She nearly died. It was an image that I am not gonna forgetfor the rest of my life. I don't understand you. Look, I imagined the sameas you did, Olympia, that she was gonna meetsome nice Italian boy, you know, somebodymaybe even like Ernie, you know, settle down. But then I come to realizel have to accept her for who she is and that if she'sgonna ruin her life, that's what she's gonna do. You think I want to?! No! I don't want to! If you really cared about her, okay... I'm just saying if you really cared about her... you would stop this. How? How? I don't know how. Get one of your boys to teach him a lesson. What? It's not funny. You want to laugh. Yeah. I almost lost her once. That ain't gonna happen again. I did an interview with Adam Clayton Powella few months back. Which I'm sure he regrets. Esther James. She has beena thorn in his side. And in three... two... one. Good afternoon. I'm Lester Wolff. And this is "Wolff At Large." Today, my guest, in place of the Honorable Elijah Muhammad, is the national spokesmanfor the Nation of Islam, Minister Malcolm X. Good day, Mr. X. Good day, sir. The hardships for the black man in America are hardships for white America, as well. They just don't know it yet. See, oppression is not just a one-way street, and neither are its costs. You are referring to PresidentKennedy's assassination? Um, I have no comment on that. You're a national spokesmanfor a religion that advocates violence, and you have no comment? Sir, I'd like to make it clear the Honorable Elijah Muhammad does not advocate violence. He advocates self-defense against oppressors. And yet the Nation stands accused of being all talk and no action. Personally, I am committed to action on behalf of our people. Black Muslims have demanded a complete separationfrom white America. You want a separate nation? Hmm. Well, here in America, the so-called Negro already lives in a separate nation... With limited opportunity, poverty, and a government created by the white man for the white man. But you will admit the latePresident Kennedy was committed to advancing the cause of Negro rights. Again, no comment. Does his death change anything? No comment. But surely, like every American, you had a personal reactionto the news of Kennedy's death. Being an old farm boy myself, chickens coming home to roost never made me sad. They always made me glad. What does that mean? Kennedy's assassination is just a taste of the violence that America has been inflicting in Africa, Cuba, and Vietnam and, of course, right here in its own backyard as it relates to the black man and his struggle for rights. In other words... In other words, you reap what you sow. Man on TV: In the news this Sunday, Lee Harvey Oswald, who has been charged with the murder of President Kennedy and a Dallas police officer, will be transferred today... Look at this littleshrimp-ass motherfucker. Changed world historywith just one bullet. Yeah, I'm just happy Kennedy wasn't killed by a Negro. God damn right. Man on TV: There is Lee Oswald. - Look at that! - He's been shot! Oh, shit! Someone popped that motherfucker. Lee Oswald has been shot! There's a man with a gun. - What the fuck? - Shit. Shot his ass in the cop station. Absolute panic here in the basement of Dallas Police headquarters. Detectives have their guns drawn. If they can kill the man who shot Kennedy in front of 50 cops, then they can get anyone. Get to my house. Now. I want you to drive Mayme and Margaret down to Spartanburg. I'm on it, Bump. Oswald has been shot... Send Pettigrew and Junie, Bump. You need me here to cover your back. I need you watching my family. The armored car has now been cleared, and they are loading him into the ambulance. The ambulance is now leaving Dallas Police headquarters. Powell: Hmm. Wingate: His name is Jack Ruby, and you're not gonna believe this. I am inclined to believejust about anything these days. He owns a striptease club in Dallas. According to preliminary reports, he has ties to mobsters in Chicago and New Orleans. Those are the cities thatBumpy Johnson mentioned. I'm not a big believer in conspiracy theories, but this certainly confuses things. Call a press conference. New York Times, Amsterdam Gazette. Get everybody there. I don't care what the hour! Esther James is in court right now trying to get you charged. You'll open yourself up to questions about her. Roy. Haven't you learned anything being my associate chief counsel? I am a master of the art of deflection. Adam, you have ignored half a dozen subpoenas. Next will be criminal contempt. Yeah, well, that correctly sums up my feelings about thatcrazy bitch... contempt. What are you gonna do? I am gonna makeBumpy Johnson's day. Can I sit? I know it isn't my business, but is Stella all right? She's fine. And you're right... it ain't your fuckin' business. I'd like to know what happened. You got to get her out of your head. I can't, and if you... If I made my bonesand you deemed me worthy, I would ask for her hand in marriage. I'm serious. Is somethin' fuckin' wrong with you? Is there somethin' wrong with your head? I'm concerned about her. And what do you need, a fuckin' piano to drop on you? For fuck's sake, she doesn't fuckin' love you! She's got to love you back! You understand?! She loves that fuckin' black bastard, and I would kill that son of a bitch if I could, but I told her that I would leave it alone after she tried to kill herself. Stella tried to kill herself? That's how much that nigger has crawled under her skin. - Hey. - Hey. Hey. You know we got to be quick. People here aren't used to seeing Negroes on my block. I ain't afraid of shitlike that no more. I don't care what anybodyon this block says. I got it. Got what? Sam Cooke's warm-up actgot sick or something, and the record labelgot me the gig. Stella... I got the Apollo. The Apollo? The fuckin' Apollo. It's happening, Stell. It's all coming true! Oh, my God! I know! Teddy, I'm so happy for you. For us. Be happy for us. Look, I'm gonna be onstageat 7:00 tonight, and I want youto be there with me. Of course. And bring a bag. Hmm? We're going to L.A. We're going to L.A. The label wants me torecord some stuff out there. They... They're giving mea housing allowance. - You're not serious. - Yeah. Maybe we'll get a placenext to Sammy Davis Jr. I don't know. Oh, my God. Teddy. Goodbye, Harlem. Hello, Hollywood. Woman: Ohh... We're going to L.A., Stell! Whoo! Teddy. Dear Holy Apostle, you wanted to see me? Did you see the late edition? No, sir. I didn't. That wasa very bad statement. The country loves this man. I apologize, Dear Holy Apostle. A statement like that can makeit hard for Muslims in general. That wasn't my intention. What wasyour intention? I'm frustrated. Frustrated with the white man's inability to see that his hatred is, in fact, a boomerang. I simply wanted to make that point. You wanted to challengemy authority. No, sir. I would never knowingly challenge you. But you did. Perhaps you need some timeto reflect on it. I'll have to silence youfor the next 90 days so that Muslims everywhere can be disassociatedfrom the blunder. Yes, sir. I agree with you. And I submit, 100%. I'm sorry, son. But you brought thison yourself. Scusa.Uh... Empire State Building. Empire State Building. How long? Till I get things worked out. What if I said no? Well... I ain't gonna lie to you. I'd send 'em anyway. Thank you for not lying. You've always known the world I'm in. Maybe better than anyone else close to me. The truth is... things are not safe for us here in Harlem right now. What's wrong? When you say "us," you meanyou, Mayme, and Margaret. No, no, I didn't mean that. I... I didn't know that you could leave. You're working for Malcolm and all that. I didn't... Elise, please. I love you, okay? I love you just as much as I love them. I guessl got to stay anyway. SinceMalcolm's been suspended. What's that? Malcolm X: The telephone's been ringing off the hook. London, Paris, Associated Press. I... I informed them that I disobeyed Mr. Muhammad. I'm so sorry. Elise, I've been gagged. Which means that... Muslims are forbidden to even look at me. In fact, for your own protection, I should ask you to leave this office. Please. 90 days isn't that long. Muslims are being given the impression that I rebelled against Elijah. Well, didn't you? Brother, I'm like someone who's... been in a beautiful, inseparablemarriage for 12 years, and then, suddenly, my partner thrust me with divorce papers. The country's in shockover Kennedy's death. This will blow over. There's an officer here by the name of Captain Henry... a man who I've known for a very long time. I'm told he was heard saying, "If you knew what Malcolm did, you'd kill him yourself." Not on my watch. You don't get it, brother. Any "death-talk" for me could be approved by only one man. The man to whom I've given everything. Benny Eggs: If you'd killedthat nigger Teddy Greene like you were supposed to, none of this would've happened. What are you talkin' about? Look at him over there. I've never seen him in a state like that. And I've known him since I was 11. Man, you fucked up. He's in such pain over this. If you'd have whacked him, you would have made your bones and you might've even had the girl. I should go whack thatlittle jigaboo myself. Initiative. Gentlemen of the press, thank you for coming. We are all still reeling over the tragic death of President Kennedy, and that is why I called you here this evening. It has come to my attention that Jack Ruby, the killer of Lee Harvey Oswald, could be involved in one of the most chilling criminal conspiracies in the history of this country. Excuse me, sir! Well, you ought to knowabout criminal conspiracies. Reverend Deadbeat! Ms. James, our financial disputeis being adjudicated in court. He transferred his money to his wife to get out of paying me my judgment. Mr. Powell, can you confirm this? Now the cops are here to arrest him! - Mr. Powell! - Mr. Powell! Esther James: Come back here, you weasel! Junie Bird: Okay, Bump. Hey, little one. Look what I got you. It's an Astro Pop. Thank you. I need you to be strong for your mom. You got that? You got to understand no one puts their child in a boat unless the water is safer than land. All right? Okay. What? I love you. I love you, too. - Keep 'em safe. - You got it, Bump. I'll call you from the road, huh? All right. You ready, Bumpy? Go home. What? I want to be alone. But, Bumpy. Go home. Stella: You're gonna be great. Teddy: I hope so. Sam Cooke: Teddy? Hey, man. I'm Sam Cooke. Listen. Thank you so much for opening for me tonight, man. It's an honor, sir. Ah, man, I know you're gonna knock 'em dead. Thank you. Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Harlem's own Teddy Greene! Hello, Apollo. I can't tell you how long I've dreamed of being here. And I owe that to one person. One, two, three, four. Woman: Whoo! Woman: Whoo! Elise: Hello? Daddy? Mayme? Ohh. Officer, is... isthere something wrong? Well... Breathe. Breathe. You... Are you okay? Are you... Powell: I have to weara disguise, Patricia. Politically, I can't get arrested in Harlem. So I have to slipout of town incognito. It's kind of working maybe. Wingate: Um, Adam. Uh, we just got a message. Uh, the Justice Department is going to drop "Cosa Nostra" as an investigative priority. - What?! Why?! - The Department's resources are gonna be focused on whether the President's assassination was part of a communist conspiracy. Oh, my. Comm... Oh, I knew it. I knew they... Huh? There it is. - Is it better? - It's much better. Oh, well, thank you. Hello? Bumpy: Your friend from Sicily is going home in a box. You're next. And that's me, above you. - Stella. - What are you doing here? - Yeah, motherfucker. - I'm just here to warn you. - It's not safe for you here. - I ain't goin' nowhere. Teddy? Son of a bitch. Stella: Teddy? Teddy?! Oh, my God! Teddy! Stella: Get the fuck away from me! Hey. Teddy, look at me! Hey, hey, hey, baby. Baby. It's okay. Just keep breathing. Just... Teddy? Teddy? Please? Please. Teddy, open your eyes. Ernie: Stella. I'm sorry, Stella. Teddy! Teddy. Teddy. Hey. Hey, Teddy? Teddy. Stella. Get the fuck away from me, you fucking murderer! Costello: Gentlemen, come to order. We are about to witness the end of the wiretaps and the hearings... brought about by government harassment of La Cosa Nostra. - Yeah, yeah. - Yeah. Now, Frank, if I may? Now that we no longer face the threat of the Bowery Lane Holdings, I would like to ask the Commission for a five-family sanction to kill Bumpy Johnson for the murder of Richie Zambrano. I second that. All in favor? - Yeah. - Luccheses are with you, too. All: Salud. This... This is on Joe. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 