Godfather of Harlem: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Godfather of Harlem 
 s1e5 - It's All in the Game - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Godfather of Harlem (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - It's All in the Game - full transcript 
 In an effort to break Bumpy's bank, Chin fixes a bet. As a result, Bumpy owes the winners more than he can cover. Police arrest Stella and Teddy for kissing. Elise looks toward the Nation ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mrs. Greene, I'm Stella. I brought you a gift. But I have to tell the world that I'm a Muslim. It's It's my faith. So you're gonna take a dive. What do you want me to do, Malcolm? Well, I want you to get the tape. Fight your fight. I'll take care of that tape. You sell to Johnson or anyone else, you're gonna have a seriousproblem on your hands. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Let's not forget you're just the "acting boss" while Vito's in the can. You were his fuckin' driver, for Christ's sakes. I'm trying to walk the line with Mayme this time around, you know? I'm sureI'll be seeing you soon. You want to talk about your illegal numbers operation? The guineas, they run the banks, but the Blacks and the Latinos, they get pinched off the street every day. I'll sign you right nowif you cut that for me as your first single. You were a shitty father. But I'm a shitty daughter, and I know that, too. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Get clean. Get a job. Get alright. I have faith in you. You and me are gonna be at war until one of us is dead. Winner by unanimous decision  Cassius Clay. Hey! Coming in! Get to the loading dock. Alright, we're coming. Alright, y'all, you heard the man. Let's move. Go! Come on, guys! Move it! I told you to have the guards check every truck from top to bottom. I know, I'm sorry. He was off-duty Just shut the fuck up! Shut up! This is fucked up. Roy? Roy. My man. Damn. Damn. My man. Bumpy Johnson had the balls to hit us, we hit him back twice as hard. It was fuckin' beautiful. We opened up with those Thompsons, the niggers dropped like turds. I told youthis guy was special. Remember? When we made him an associate, I said,"This guy is special." You did. You said he was special. And now we got Johnson on the run. We got to press the advantage, and we really got to put his ass in a sling now. Think this will put me over the top? Top of what? Making my bones. The books are closed. It's all I dream about  getting made, you know? That's all you dream about? I thought all you thought about was Stella. You wanna get into her underpants? What? You, uh  You heard me. No, of course not. So you're only interested in her because you think I'm gonna bump you up? I'm interested in her because I've been in love with her since the fourth grade. So you dowant to get in her underpants. Huh? Alright, alright, alright.Very nice. Enough, enough. You know, I'll make your fuckin' bones. You're butchering the song. Stop it. How do I look? I advise against this. Why? Because it clashes with my robe? Take this issue on, they'll come after you. You'll need a police bodyguard. I don't need anyonedressed in blue next to me as long I got God at my side. God cannot protect you from a bullet to the back of the head. Now, can you explain to me why on Earth you're doing this? Because our peopleare being treated like shit. Take a woman, let's call her Mildred. Mildred had a dream last night that a big, old catfish jumped right outta the river onto Eighth Avenue. This morning she goes to her dream book  A-And don't lie. I know many of you have one. And next to "catfish," it says "514." She places her bet with a numbers runner, $1 on 514 straight. 514. This is our homegrown Negro lottery and the largest single employer in Harlem. With a faith as powerful as Jesus' walk to Gethsemane, our Mildred, well, she waits for the day's number to be announced. A number that is determined by the betting tally at the race track. Ahead in first position. Running along the outside. Now swinging around the clubhouse turn... These last three digits are published in the newspaper and become... Here's betting total for the day, boss. ...the day's number. A number that most often results in a lost dollar. But once in a while, just as Jesus began his journey to heaven from the garden, Mildred begins hers. And just like Jesus was betrayed by Judas in the Garden of Gethsemane, we are betrayed in Harlem. Betrayed..Amen! Amen! ...by a government and police force that arrests, fines, and incarcerates Negroes while letting the Italian bankers who make the real money remain untouched. -That's right. -Amen. Now, I am against numbers betting in any form. Amen! But until the day the numbers is wiped out in Harlem, I will fight for the right for the Negro to have the same chance as an Italian. Amen! I will use my Congressional immunity to enter into the Congressional Record the name of one Italian numbers operation each week that the police do not raid. Amen! Amen! Amen! Hallelujah. That's good, Teddy. We'll move the mike, get a little distance, and go again. He's killing it in there. It's gonna be a great demo. We'll get it to some deejays for some airplay, start Teddy on some "hops," local clubs, build word of mouth. Says here you get publishingand master rights to the song. Standard. Not necessarily. I heard Sam Cookeretained his master rights. Teddy's no Sam Cooke. He will be. What the hell do you know about this industry? I know when my man'sgetting ripped off. Your man? Sister, you need to get off this kick, least while he's up and coming. Negro's writing a song about fighting whitey, and he's got Betty Crocker on his side? World's changing, old man. You think the sun comes up just to hear you crow. Ain't nothing more difficult than telling a womanher man is gone. Nobody does it better than Bumpy. Yeah. He's had practice. I know it's hard, but, your mom, she's gonna take care of you,alright? Roy was a friend. I know he'd want youto have this. It's okay. Hey. You need anything,come to me, alright? Talk to me. Here he comes. Get that street gang, the Copians, to protect our runners. Consolidate all our spots with 'round-the-clock security. Bump,the Copians are just kids. They ain't the muscle we need. I got the muscle. Who? The United States government, that's who. Get the fuck out of here, guys. Oh!Well, thank you, darlin'. Who's the first? The first what? The first Italian numbers banker you're gonna enter into the Congressional Record. Well, how the hell do I know? You promised the congregation one Italian a week. Why is Jack Kennedy playing possum with my addendum tothe Civil Rights legislation? Adam, you're evading. Now, as much as I hate to admit it, you hit a nerve with that sermon. And some people put names in the suggestion box. You're gonna have to name names. Well, who'd they putin the suggestion box? That's the problem. No one named any Italians. Too frightened, I guess. But a Negro woman got named several times. Esther James. Apparently she delivers bags of cash between the Italians and the cops. They call her "The Bag Lady." Well, what damn goodis that gonna do me? I'm supposed to be fightingfor Negroes, not ratting them out. Don't worry, Roy. I got a call from Bumpy Johnson. The guineas fucked uphis store over on Lenox, and he's ready to help. I don't think Johnson's the right resource. He's a criminal. If I was afraid of rubbingelbows with criminals, I wouldn't have becomea Congressman. It sounds so good. It did, didn't it? It did. It's happening, Teddy. -Stella. How long do we have? As long as my father thinks you're dead, we're safe. It's gonna bekinda tough if I get as famous as Sammy Davis Jr. Oh, Christ. This your pimp? ...had experience prior to going into the penitentiary. I'm quite sure of that. The only experience that we can find, Mr. Hoffa, is experience in armed robbery. Well, Mr. Hoffa, did you arrange for him to come to work for Local 332 after he came out of the penitentiary for armed robbery? I don't believe, if my memory serves me right, that he went to work at 332... Why would you want to do anything to draw federal attention? 'Cause I can workwith Adam Clayton Powell. ...uncle, Herman Kierdorf, he came to work for the Local 332 shortly after he got out of the penitentiary. Mr. Kierdorf... You're gonna offer up names of Italian numbers men. Chin's gonna be first. ...Frank Kierdorf... That's never been your way. You're not a snitch. I had to visit four widows today 'cause of that motherfucker. And Kierdorf was recommended for the... I wish you'd considered doing that before you went to Alcatraz. I would've had you home a lot sooner. ...had experience. Why, Mr. Hoffa? Wasn't there another man that could serve the position of business agent for the Local other than someone who just came out of the penitentiary? Fuck 'im. We needed an experienced organizer... Go for it. ...in the position. And there are plenty of men in Flint capable of handling this job. Is it a good training to be serving time in the penitentiary for armed robbery to serve as a business agent... Thanks. Here go you. No problem. Thank you. 1 1/2. One. Alright. 828. Good morning, ladies. -Good morning. -Good morning, Reverend. You see the headlinethis morning? The March on Washingtonis set for August 28th. You're gonna get a boatloadof bets on that number  8/28. Same thing happened when Willie Mays hit .380. Everybody in Harlem bet 380. And they all lost. How is the incomparablylovely Mrs. Johnson? She's fine. I never thoughtI'd be fighting for equality in the numbers business,but this thing is on fire. I have an interview at myoffice today with Lester Wolff. Certain of my congregantstell me that there's a woman, Esther James. They say she deliversbags of cash for the Italians damn near every day. I wouldn't play with Esther James. She's liable to knock you out. You hear me? I'm not talking about Esther. I am talking the Italians. Now, you offered to give me names. Alright, I need you to take every name I give you, launch an investigation into every single one, make sure that they go out of business and straight to prison, right? I'm sure you've heardof the Congressional hearings that I'm chairingwhere a Mr. Joseph Valachi has decided to spillthe beans on the Mob. Well, you will havethe same blanket immunity that we've given Valachi. I mean, that snitchwill live to be 100. Us brothers got to look outfor each other, right, daddy-o? Right. Now fess up those names. Well, come on, man. This is between you and me and the Congressional Record. I'm waiting. Tick-tock. Tick-tock. I'm not a snitch, man. This is not snitching.This is good business. If this is good business, I'd rather be dead. Bumpy... what have you donefor the community lately? I mean, handouts to the pooraren't community service. That's just giving backa little bit of what you stole. Good day, Reverend Powell. Every defeat,every heartbreak, every loss,contains its own seed, its own lesson on howto improve your performance next time. I don't know what brought me back here. I fucked it up last time. I don't see a path for myself out there. I hate myself out there. Who taught you to hate yourself from the top of your headto the soles of your feet? I know you gonna say the white man, but he ain't responsible. Who else? My father. Elise, your fatheris a complicated man. All of that payin' people's rent, puttin' kids into college, the turkeys on Christmas. That don't cost nothing to a man with money. I've often thought of Bumpyas a stone with many facets. Intellect, rage, pent-up emotion. You forgot pride. Pride. You wanna know the key to my father? He may be big man in Harlem, but if he go south of 110th Street, he just another nigga. I don't think he can ever get over that. You say you love movies, and you haven't seen "Cleopatra"? Elizabeth Taylor's costumes are gorgeous. Did you know she made 65 costume changes in that movie? -65? -Yeah. Well, I'd change 65 times ifI got to fuck Richard Burton. Did you ever see "The Great Escape"? I loved that flick. Steve McQueen did all that motorcycle stuff. I should know your namebefore I cruise you any harder. I'm Peter. Gordon. Uh, hey, speaking of movies,did you see "Victim"? God, I hated that film. Even the title. It was another tragic movie where homosexuals are the victims. Enough. We should be like the Negroes. You know, protest. March and sit-in. Be seen as real people. Yeah. I feel pretty alone sometimes. I'm talking too much.I do that. No, no, no, no. Don't apologize. Can we go somewhere? You scream, and I'll blow your fucking face off. You hear me? Now, my name is not Peter, and yours sure as hell ain't Gordon. Tomorrow morning, I'm gonna tell your boss and your boss' boss what a fucking deviant, cock-sucking queer you are. Your marriage, over. Your job at the race track, gone. And that's just for starters... unless you can do me a favor... Jason. Hey, my man. What they get you for? Fucking a white girl. Damn. What about you guys? We're with the Student NonviolentCoordinating Committee. They arrested us for "loitering"at the sit-in at Woolworth's. We'll get bailed outwithin the hour. We gonna headright back down there. Wanna join? Nah, I'm a musician. I'm not political. Change is coming, brother. You're a Negro man living in America. You don't have the optionto not be political. Don't you want to live in a world where you don't get thrown injail for fucking a white girl? Hmm? I tried to get other bankers to take some of our action, but we can't lay off this bet, Bumpy, to nobody. I went to Madam Sables, Slade,the Brantley Brothers  Nobody's touching this number. I hearChin Gigante's runners haven't takenthis number all day. His doors are closed to 828. I don't get what the fuss is all about. Out of a thousand possibilities, what are the chances 828 actually hits? Maintains the lead. Kelso now approaching third. At the 16th pole. Kelso moves up right alongside. If Chin won't take this bet, something's going down. Maintains the lead. Kelso now approaching third. At the 16th pole. Kelso moves up right alongside. And that's Kelso in the lead. Hospitality moves into fourth. And as we approach the finish line, it's Kelso the winner by one length. Here's the betting total for the day, boss. $2,345,828. The running time per mile is 1:37. We did it.We fixed the fucking number. What an exciting finish today! 828. That is victory. Good work, Ernie. You know, that proves two things  Niggers fuck with us, they rue the day they fucked with us. And Ernie Nunzi makes a very good finocchio. Maybe too good.Alright, watch it. Hey, we broke Bumpy Johnson's bank. Now he's gonna need money. He's gonna seek out a partner. Who's gonna helpthat son of a bitch? That's exactly what we need to find out. I saw that junkie Izzybetting $10. That motherfucker never hastwo nickels to rub together. Chin's boys gave him money to bet. He fixed the whole thing to wipe me out. I didn't see it coming. So if it was a fix, we ain't gotta pay folks off. That's ourproblem, not the folks who bet. We start with partial payments. People understand. 25 cents on the dollar, we'll make full payment by the end of the day. Now, how can you promise that? Look. Nearly 875 people hit the fucking number. At 600-1, that totals nearly $300,000. We ain't got that money. I'll find it. You hit! Find him? You hit! Did you find Teddy? The numberyou asked me to get? 828? It hit. Momma, we rich! Stella Gigante? Where the fuck have you been? I've been asking for someone for the last nine hours. Do you have any idea what my father's gonna do to you? I didn't see your name on thebooking log till this morning. Don't worry,this is all gonna go away. I need to make a phone call. So, you're a musician, huh? Whatcha got? Mm-hmm! Dig it, brother. That's what I'm talking about. Right on. "Did you call anybody?" I ain't got nobody to call. Hello? Who's this? It's Stella Gigante. Where's Teddy? He's in jailat the precinct on 116th. Don't worry.It's It's a false arrest. It's all gonna go away. But you need to go and bail him out. Quickly. Yes. Yes. I'm going. Why are you calling me? 'Cause we both love him. And we're the only oneshe has. Stay away from my boy! Your Muslim Girl Trainingwill serve as your introductioninto the faith. You'll attend classesthat will bring out your natural,God-given skills and talents. You'll receive instructions on speech, dress,hygiene, and etiquette. Why is it called Muslim GirlsTraining? The name "Girls" is usedto connect our submissive nature to God's will. It's a word of honor. I see you're in good hands,Sister Elise. Sister Marny is one of our finestand most respected sisters. Thank you, Minister Malcolm. Absolutely. So, how are you? It's all new to me. I'm trying to learn. The theme of the Nationis "know thyself." It is the pathwayto becoming whole again. As-salamu alaykum, Sister Elise. Sister Marny. You're not the first. The first? The first to be swept awayby him. Flirting will get you nowhere. I wasn't flirting. Malcolm is a friend of my father's. Don't be lured. He's just a man. What are you doing here? You're lucky it was me who took the sergeant's callat the club. He said you got arrested with a young Negro named Teddy Greene. I won't tell your father'cause it'll break his heart. You're not gonna tell my father, and you're not gonna touch Teddy. 'Cause if there is one thing my father would hate even more than me fucking Teddy it's that you fucked up and killed the wrong guy. You got it? Well, it's goodto see you, Lester. Good to see you, too, Reverend.Welcome to Harlem. How are you?I'm doing really well,thank you. Good, good, good.High time you made it up here. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, you know, I was all set to talk about your European trip with Miss Ohio. Oh, Miss Ohio. Very nice girl....then you changed the dialogue. Well, if you don't set the toneof the conversation, Lester, it sets you. Oh. That's what American politicsis all about. One incendiary commentsets the press all atwitter. And then you enact your real agenda while they gab like schoolgirlson sorority Sunday. You know, next time you're in Sag Harbor, you'll have to spend some time on my boat. I'll teach you how to water ski. Water ski? Don't you knowNegroes can't swim? Okay, you ready to go?I'm ready when you are. And in three, two, one. Hello. I'm Lester Wolff and this is "Wolff At Large." Today, I'm at the Harlem congressional office of Congressmen and Reverend Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Good day, Reverend. Hello, Lester! Now, recently, Reverend Powell, you made headlines with your assertion that the Italian Mob controls the illegal numbers operations in Harlem. It's more than an assertion. It's a stone cold fact! And, it's your belief that Negroes are arrested and incarcerated at a far greater rate than the men who control the gambling operation. If you don't believe me, check the police logs. In the last three days, more than 100 Negro numbers runners have been arrested. Not a single white Italian. Who are these Italians? At the appropriate time, my team will lay bare those names to the American people. You offered to enter the name of an Italian banker into the Congressional Recordevery week, but, thus far, none have been entered. We continue to gather information. Without specific names, it appears you're stirring the pot so reporters will gab like schoolgirls on sorority Sunday. I have names. Who? -I'm not at liberty  -Not a single one? Not one single name to convince this reporter that this story merits attention? In fact, through my very well-placed sources, we've identified a woman  aNegro woman, actually  who is the key go-between, the bag-lady, if you will, for the Italian Mob. Her name is Esther James. I hope you don't mind I'm havin' a martini. Cheers. Cheers. Have a seat, honey. Make yourself comfortable. Ahem. So, $312,000. Mm. You're in quite a pickle. Pay you back with interest. Six months, at the most. I trust you. I'll get my checkbook, change out of this dress. You make yourself at home. Take off your shoes. Or more. Damn. Fuck! Did you get the money? No. It's not like you haven'tfucked her before. There were so many centuries where we didn't own our own bodies. to give it away. So, no, I couldn't do it. I love you, too. I need to ask you for a loan, Frank. I'm sorry, Bumpy, but I can't give you the money. The Feds are watchingevery move I make. They're everywhere but up my ass. Understood. Yeah. Castling so soon? Don't try to fuck with my head. All I've got is my rep, Frank. If, uh, I don't pay my bettors off by tomorrow, my rep is gone. You crossed the line when you broke in to his social club. Mayme, how is it possible that,every time I see you, you look even more beautiful -than the last time? Thank you, Frank. It's always nice to have you over. I'll leave you gentlemen to your match. I helped shut down that ruckus at Fidler's store in return for Chin granting me the right to get heroin from Italian sources. But, this guy, he's still threatenin' to kill anybody who sells to me. Yeah, that's Chin's way. He's threatening Bonanno now. Bonanno's thinking about moving into Harlem? Yeah. Bonanno's gonna haveto pay Chin a tax and Bonanno doesn't like it. Messed up your pawn structure here. Long time. Yeah. When Lucky passed awaylast year, I went to Naples for the funeral. Lucky's dead. Vito Genovese is in jail for life. It's a whole new world out there. You know, Lucky told me that you're a stand-up guy, so that's why I'm here. I'll get straight to the point. I hear that you gotta sell your dope in Harlem through Chin. It's his territory. I can sell more dope than him. I got connections with Negroes up and down the East Coast, from Florida to Detroit. Chin'll go to war over that. The Families don't want a war. If he starts it, they'll side with you. It's too risky. You were an innovator, like Lucky Luciano. Established the dope pipeline from Marseille to New York. I mean, Chin? He's just Vito's driver, for God's sake. What do you propose? I can move your junk for $28,000 a kilo. No taxes. Only profit. That's two grand over market value. Now, why are you beingso generous? You and Lucky, never miss a  a trick. Alright. I'm in a jam. I need $300,000 cash in advance with the product. But I agree to 12-point interest, per week, and that's two points better than what they're doin' out on the street. To a new world. To a new world. Don't fuck me. Let's get outta here. If it's alright  There you go, baby. We'll find out. Alright. Everybody gets paid. You heard Bumpy. Everybody get paid, down to the last person. Vincent Gigante's here. Yeah? Heh. Go ahead. Put your guns down. It's alright. I don't got shit to say to you. It's funny, isn't it? We're both protectedby the Families. I can't kill you; you can't kill me. That makes thingsvery interesting. What the fuck do you want? I'm goin' in my pocket here. Goin' in my pocket. I came to collect. Looks like I hitthe number straight on. Looks like you did. Yeah, and I heard youdon't welsh your payouts. I don't. You know,you killed Zambrano. You covered it to the Families. Course, you sell your dope on my territory;you don't pay me taxes. And you put a stop to the  the fix in the Clay fight, didn't you? All that must give yaa lotta confidence. Huh? Keeps you busy,lookin' down on me. You're so busy, you couldn't see that I'm above you. I don't know where you got the money to meet your obligations, but, I respect that. Does raise a question. Who in the world would loan money to a broke nigger? Who? I got names that keepgoin' around in my brain, but only one comes to mind Joe Bonanno, who refuses to pay me taxes for the dope he wants to sell. I think that youfound out about that. I think you met him and I think youarranged a dope deal. Well, guess what, Johnson? I got there first. All those kilos that he was gonna advance you are now in my possession. Let that sink in. So you owe him whateverhe was gonna front you for your numbers crisis anda shitloadof fuckin' kilos of dope. That's me! above! you! You know, I heard your friend Malcolm X on the radio. He was talkin' about pride. Black pride. Pride's a funny thing. You know,it can mean dignity. It can mean self-respect. It can mean... those feelings that you get toward things thatare most dear to you. I hope she was worth it. Or, it can meanwhat the Bible says. Pride goes before destruction, and a haughty spiritbefore a fall. Come to churchon Sunday, now. How you doing, dear lady? What's your name? My name is Esther James. If I was you, I would keep that haughty spirit under control, Johnson. Becausethat's me above you! Get the fuckin' door. Let 'im out. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 