Project Blue Book: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Project Blue Book 
 s2e3 - Area 51 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Project Blue Book (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Area 51 - full transcript 
 Hynek and Quinn investigate reports of a soldier who was allegedly taken inside a flying saucer at a remote military base in Nevada, and learn why the secrets contained in Area 51 should not be released. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ‐ Previously on "Project Blue Book"... ‐ Cigar shaped craft nearly takes out an airplane. ‐ The military is hiding the truth. ‐ The government is involved in a massive conspiracy to cover up the evidence of visitors from other worlds. When we try to expose the truth, that makes us enemies of the state. ‐ But what does the FBI want with civilian UFO groups? ‐ They think we're dangerous. ‐ I don't usually move this fast. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ ♪ [camera shutter clicking] ‐ I want Project Blue Book to formally close the Roswell incident. ‐ Closing Roswell means reopening it. You put Blue Book in that position and they fail, those guys won't be the only ones to lose their jobs. ‐ How long can you pretend to believe in something that you know is not true? ♪ ♪ [eerie music] ♪ ♪ ‐ Sergeant, help! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Help me! [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ [panting] [low rumbling] [high‐pitched whoosh] ‐ Willingham, is that you? ‐ He's been out here for 12 hours. ‐ They took him... ‐ Sergeant Willingham. ‐ The aliens took him. ‐ Its size and its appearance, this thing came from outer space. I even have reason to believe that there's some form of life in it. ‐ You think they're recreating the Missouri crash? ‐ Mm‐mm. The saucer's the wrong shape. This looks like the Helena encounter to me. ‐ But that was a hoax. ‐ What do you think the Missouri incident was? ‐ But there were 12 witnesses, Allen. You think they were all lying? [laughs] ‐ What? ‐ You. You really know your stuff. ‐ Well, I am typing up all your research, Professor. ‐ No, this goes beyond my research. This is your UFO group, yes? ‐ Mm. ‐ Well, you seem to be really enjoying it. ‐ It's been really good for me. And honestly, with everything we've been through, I think... I'm just looking for answers. ‐ We both are. ♪ ♪ ‐ I'm worried, though. About you. You've seen how far the government will go to keep their secrets. If they wanted to, they could ruin you. ‐ I know the risks, I do, but if I don't do this, you know, who will? ‐ Even if it was in one piece, would anyone still walk around after a concussion like that? ‐ [chuckles] ♪ ♪ ‐ You hate this. ‐ Well, no, I wouldn't say that. Loathe might be a better word. ‐ [laughs] Let's just go home. Hello? Vicki? ‐ Mrs. Hynek, I'm so sorry. I didn't know what to do. ‐ Why, what's wrong? ‐ Is Joel okay? ‐ Um... ‐ Oh, General. ‐ Doctor, Mrs. Hynek. So sorry to show up unannounced like this. ‐ It's probably best we talk in private. ‐ Sure, uh, maybe‐‐ ‐ Of course, Vicki, would you? ‐ Yeah. ‐ We had an incident near Nellis Air Force Base. ‐ Nevada. ‐ Place called Groom Lake. Couple of our guys, they seem to have sighted a craft. One of them is still missing, but there's a wrinkle. It happened on part of the base run by the CIA. ‐ The who? ‐ It's a fairly new agency. Probably why you never heard of 'em. ‐ Truman put them together after the war. Mostly just to collect intel, but my experience of them is that they think they're more than that. ‐ Yeah, we fight over the same turf now. ‐ But we still have to play nice. Especially now with a new administration coming in. We make waves, Eisenhower can just say he doesn't need Blue Book any more. ‐ Yeah, I'm sorry, but are we to believe that someone has been abducted? Is that what I'm hearing? ‐ No, what you're hearing is I need you two to close this case quickly and cleanly. Is that understood? ‐ Yes, sir. ‐ Pack your bags if you need to. Wheels up in an hour. You can sleep on the plane. Gotta borrow him again, Mrs. Hynek. ‐ Duty calls. ‐ Thank you for your hospitality, ma'am. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [helicopter whirring] ‐ Someone supposed to meet us here? ‐ I don't even know where here is. [Big Mama Thornton's "Hound Dog" plays in distance] ‐ ♪ You ain't nothing but a hound dog ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Been snoopin' round my door ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ You can wag your tail ♪ ♪ But I ain't gonna feed you no more ♪ [engine rumbles] ♪ You told me you was high class ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ But I could see through that ♪ ♪ ♪ ‐ Sorry, guys, I always underestimate that drive. Ah, Dr. Hynek, yes? [laughs] Pleasure. Which makes you Captain Michael Quinn. [chuckles] Look, we're very excited to have you both here. ‐ We're supposed to be meeting someone from Central Intelligence. Daniel Banks? ‐ Just call me Dan. Come on, we're burning daylight. [engine rumbles] You know, read a lot of your case work. Very provocative but very thorough. Lubbock especially was‐‐ ‐ How have you read our case files? ‐ A big part of the CIA's job is about gathering intel, Captain. ‐ Are we headed for Nellis? ‐ Nah, Nellis is that way, toward Vegas. You guys ever been? Oh, you gotta go. It's like the Wild Wild West over there. The gambling, the girls‐‐girls. [chuckles] Oh, you're married, I'm sorry. ‐ Oh, no, no, we've talked about going. ‐ Well, when you do, take her to see Sinatra at the Sands. Yeah, you'll feel like teenagers in love all over again. You more of a Mel Tormé fan, I'm guessing. ‐ No, haven't interacted much with the agency. Just tryin' to get my read, that's all. ‐ You mean you're wondering how a guy like me got the job. ♪ ♪ See, Central Intelligence is all about staying off the radar, operating in the shadows. I look like you, I'm what people expect. So boss is smart enough to realize that, mix things up a bit. The truth, though, I was the smartest man for the job. ♪ ♪ ‐ So if we're not headed to Nellis, where are we going? ‐ This swath of desert here, they call it Groom Lake. Army, Air Force, Navy, they all have facilities here. ♪ ♪ ‐ What, we outta gas? ‐ Nope, just need to knock to enter the CIA's little neck of the woods. 12‐4‐84 requesting permission to bring in my guests for dinner. 12‐4‐84, you are cleared for entry. ‐ Copy that. Congratulations, gentlemen, you have arrived. ‐ Arrived where? I don't see a base anywhere. ‐ This is just the outer perimeter. Without my clearance, you'd be shot. Welcome to Area 51. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [buzzer blares] ‐ CIA initially wanted to handle this internally, but when I heard the sergeant's story, I said, "No way. We need the experts." That's you guys. ‐ What exactly goes on here at Area 51? ‐ Well, there's the cover story or the disinformation campaign. ‐ I'm not following. ‐ He's saying it's classified. ‐ [chuckles] I'm sure the captain's heard a few rumors. ‐ Experimental weapons and aircraft. Boys playing with toys, basically. ‐ [laughs] Boys with toys. Yeah, something like that. ♪ ♪ ‐ So this Sergeant Willingham? ‐ A good man, according to his CO. After he reported Miller missing, we sent out some of our guys, and they found Willingham wandering about 5 klicks north. Had no idea where he was. ‐ And this talk about aliens? ‐ Hasn't changed his story one bit. ‐ Well, wandering around in the desert, heatstroke can cause hallucinations. ‐ That's the thing, the doctors who examined him said all fluids were normal. Didn't even have a sunburn. ‐ Still no sign of the corporal? ‐ We had spotter planes flying that grid since yesterday. Nothing. [eerie music] Ah, you have it? ♪ ♪ I thought I said bring the good stuff. That's okay, this'll do. Thank you. ‐ Liquid lunch? ‐ That's not how I roll, Captain. [solemn music] Sergeant. This is Captain Quinn and Dr. Hynek. Project Blue Book. ‐ [sighs] You came. ♪ ♪ Is that, uh‐‐ ‐ But just one glass, all right? Like I said. ♪ ♪ ‐ [clears throat] ♪ ♪ Thank you. He's the only one who didn't think I was crazy. ♪ ♪ Just, my nerves have been like this ever since‐‐ ‐ It's okay, it's all right, it's all right. You're in good hands now, okay? This is their specialty. Just tell them what you told me. What you remember. ‐ Sure. Miller and I were tasked to sector bravo. ‐ It's everywhere, see? ‐ Miller was goofing around like always. Think you're funny, huh? ‐ No, sir, I think it's crazy we're out here in the first place. Looking for scraps of metal from a missile that blew up two miles that way. ‐ We'd been out there all day in 100‐degree heat. [sighs] Miller was getting on my nerves. You go find something, then I'll give you a drink, Corporal. I don't know how long it was after, maybe a minute, maybe more. I lost track of time. And then, um... then this wind came out of nowhere. Felt almost electric. ‐ Help! ‐ Then I heard him again. ‐ Sergeant! ‐ You better not be messing with me again. He was screaming. ‐ Help! ‐ I ran up to the top of the ridge. ‐ Help me! ‐ I looked up and, uh... the‐‐a ship appeared in front of me. ‐ Oh, my God! ‐ Miller was sucked up inside. [echoing] ‐ Help! ‐ And then, um, I don't remember anything after that. [sighs] You ever hear anything like that before? ‐ Well, we've heard all kinds of stories. ‐ But nothing like this. ‐ They're gonna section‐8 the poor bastard if he keeps talking like that. Thing is, I believe him. ‐ Well, I mean, it's clear to me that he certainly believes he had some kind of encounter. ‐ You're thinking we should all go out there. ‐ We've had our guys combing that desert nonstop. ‐ No, no, no, no, we need to go with the sergeant. I mean, sometimes, you know, revisiting the scene can help trigger a memory. ‐ Smart. We'll just need to get you guys cleared first. ‐ For what, the desert? ‐ See, this whole place operates on a compartmentalized information protocol. Means no one goes anywhere without authorization. ‐ How 'bout the john? ‐ Ah, we have snipers in there too. ‐ What do you know about Groom Lake? ‐ Terry Milton takes this photo of a UFO... ‐ You just say Groom Lake? ‐ You know it? ‐ Of course I know it. I'm just impressed that you do. ‐ I heard about a sighting there. ‐ From your husband? ‐ From my research. ‐ Oh. That's not surprising. Get a decent view of the base, you can catch a UFO show every night. ‐ And what about abductions? ‐ No, it's not like that. These UFOs, they're friendlies. ‐ "Friendlies"? ‐ You know that craft they recovered in '47? ‐ Mm‐hmm, Roswell. ‐ Well, it didn't stay there long. They sent that thing to Groom Lake, and that is where they reverse‐engineered it to make our very own flying saucers. ‐ So that's what people are seeing in the sky? [dramatic music] ‐ Mimi, these days, you never know what the government is capable of. ♪ ♪ Besides, if you're gonna hide a UFO, where better than the middle of the desert? ♪ ♪ ‐ Soldiers were sent out here to gather debris. ‐ Lot of desert out here. ‐ Lot of places for a soldier to go missing. ‐ Well, you've seen our security, Captain. Soldiers don't just go missing. ‐ Any of this look familiar? ‐ [sighs] I'm sorry. ‐ Well, all looks the same to me too. ‐ Well, it's not all about what you see, Captain. Memories are a combination of cognitive, sensory, and emotional elements all working in tandem, so you never know what may trigger a memory trace. ‐ That's Dr. Lashley, right? On engrams? ‐ Yeah, you familiar with his work? ‐ Neuroscience is a bit of a hobby of mine. [eerie music] I know, handsome and well‐read. Something to shoot for, Captain. ‐ [laughs] ♪ ♪ ‐ Over here. ‐ What is it, Sergeant? ♪ ♪ ‐ Not sure. It's more of a feeling. ‐ Yeah, well, take your time. You know, keep walking around. ‐ Just don't wander off too far. ‐ Any chance our corporal took an unscheduled leave? ‐ What, AWOL? No, not likely. Only way out's beyond that ridge, and that's a big no‐no. ‐ Another classified operation? ‐ [chuckles] Of the highest order. I'm talking shoot on sight. ‐ Who's doing the shooting? ‐ Sergeant! ‐ Oh, you gotta be kidding me. ‐ Hey, what's he doing? ‐ Remembering. ‐ Sergeant! ‐ Hey, wait, wait, wait! ‐ Sergeant! ‐ Hold up! ‐ Down here! ‐ What the hell's he doing? ‐ It's down here! Hurry! ♪ ♪ I found it! I found it! It's over here! Help me. Help me. ‐ What is it? ‐ There's something underneath here. Is it rock? ♪ ♪ ‐ It's not rock. It's glass. ‐ What are we looking at here? ♪ ♪ ‐ The site of the abduction. ♪ ♪ ‐ You know, sand doesn't melt into glass unless the temperature is 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit. ‐ I've seen glass formations like this under a missile launch. ‐ It came from that ship, I'm telling you. ‐ Okay, look, we're in restricted territory here, and someone will notice. ‐ Someone already did. ‐ Maybe they know what happened here. ‐ If they do, they're not gonna tell us, Captain. We gotta get back to the Jeep. [eerie music] Now. ♪ ♪ Captain, let's go. ♪ ♪ ‐ Forgive me, Father, I have sinned. It's been, uh... Actually, Father, I don't even know why I'm here. ‐ Something's weighing heavy on your mind. [somber music] ♪ ♪ Something about your faith. ♪ ♪ ‐ What if, uh... ♪ ♪ What if I told you we weren't alone in the universe? ‐ I'd say you're right. ‐ No, that's, uh... ♪ ♪ That's not what I'm talking about, Father. The universe is a... ♪ ♪ It's a pretty big place, Father. ♪ ♪ You know, the possibilities of other life out there... ♪ ♪ [whispering] How can there not be? ♪ ♪ ‐ I'm not sure I follow. ♪ ♪ ‐ If man is made in God's image... ♪ ♪ How do you explain other beings? ♪ ♪ If they exist, then I‐I can't explain why God would show me the things I've seen. ♪ ♪ [indistinct chatter] ‐ You should get you some rest. I'll let you know if we need anything else, okay? ‐ Hey, Banks, part of what goes on here is experimental aircraft. ‐ And you know the deal. It's classified. ‐ Yeah, and we got a missing Air Force officer... ‐ I'm aware. ‐ On your territory. So if there's something here that can explain what happened, we need to see it. ‐ Yeah, and I show you top secret aircraft without clearance, we all get sent home. ♪ ♪ You understand. ♪ ♪ ‐ Course. You just seemed like someone willing to bend the rules to get to the truth. ♪ ♪ ‐ He always like this? ‐ Depends if he likes you or not. ♪ ♪ ‐ I'll bend them, not break. ♪ ♪ Then I'll deny it ever happened. ♪ ♪ [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ I don't want anything you see here ending up in the files of Project Blue Book. ♪ ♪ This is "The Flying Wing," for obvious reasons. ♪ ♪ That's the "Stogie" X‐15, goes Mach 3 on a bad day. ♪ ♪ And the "Tailsitter". Bet you've never seen anything like that before. ♪ ♪ ‐ There's no weapons systems. ‐ There's no need. CIA's all about espionage, not engagement. ‐ So what happens when the Soviets spot your boys on their radar? ‐ That's the whole point. They don't. This is how we end the Cold War. ‐ Or start World War III. ♪ ♪ ‐ Thank you, Father. ‐ I went through this whole thing while you were in there. ‐ You following me now? ‐ No, just making sure. I remember what it was like after Roswell the first time. Didn't want you putting another foot over the ledge again. ♪ ♪ ‐ I'm fine, Hugh. ♪ ♪ [pats] I'm fine. ‐ Captain. [dramatic music] "Flying Wing." ♪ ♪ This underside remind you of anything? ♪ ♪ ‐ It's the exact formation of the Lubbock Lights. ♪ ♪ And that "Stogie." ♪ ♪ Tell me that's not identical to what they described in the Chiles‐Whitted sighting. These are all top‐secret craft. If you're not CIA‐‐ ‐ Then every one of these crafts is a UFO. ‐ Doc, these planes might not just explain Willingham's sighting. They could explain every sighting. ♪ ♪ ‐ CIA currently has Blue Book investigating a case at Area 51. ‐ Well, if the CIA wants a piece of the UFO program, good luck. The Eisenhower administration ain't that big. ‐ I'm thinking they're trying to force a choice. Who's gonna be teacher's pet, us or them? ♪ ♪ ‐ Why don't we make that choice for Ike? ♪ ♪ ‐ You know, I was hoping we'd have our answer, but based on what I can see, there's no craft here with a downward facing engine capable of turning desert into glass. ♪ ♪ You think Daniel's hiding something? ‐ I think he's showing us what he wants us to see. ‐ Yeah, then why invite us in the first place? ‐ Well, to do what he just did, clear the CIA. Otherwise he's on the hook for a missing Air Force soldier. My guess, we never find Miller. ‐ Captain. ♪ ♪ ‐ What's going on? ♪ ♪ [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ What the hell happened here? ♪ ♪ ‐ This is Dr. Montgomery, presiding coroner at the operating facility 0‐5‐1. Let the medical record show this will be the initial internal exam of Corporal Miller. [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ The subject's eyes have been removed... ♪ ♪ As has the tongue. ♪ ♪ And there looks to be an incision of some sort. Precise, under the chin, and extending back to the esophagus and larynx. ‐ What the hell did this? ‐ Sternum has been removed to expose the inner cavity. One lung missing, the heart, the stomach. ♪ ♪ All the arteries that were cut, they've been cauterized closed. I can't explain how. ♪ ♪ You say you found him in a tree? ♪ ♪ ‐ [clears throat] Yeah, um... couldn't something like a‐‐ you know, like a mountain lion have dragged him up there? ‐ No animal did this. ‐ It was something put him up there. ‐ Or maybe he was dropped from above. [door clicks] ‐ I want everybody out. ‐ Excuse me, what the hell is this? ‐ We're laying claim to Corporal Miller. ‐ Under whose jurisdiction? ‐ The United States Air Force. Is there a problem? ‐ Yes, there is, actually. ‐ Colonel, I'm Captain Michael Quinn. U.S. Air Force liaison‐‐ ‐ Project Blue Book. I'm aware. Well, this no longer concerns you. [distant shouting] ‐ No! What are you doing? It wasn't me! ‐ Colonel, we need to finish this autopsy. ‐ You're making a mistake. They set me up. ‐ Sergeant. ‐ They're saying that I made it up, that I killed him. You know the truth. You're the only one that can help me. ‐ Where are you taking this man? ‐ Tell them! Please, tell them! Tell them what you saw! Tell them! ♪ ♪ ‐ I was wrong about the Roswell wreckage. I thought they sent it to Groom Lake, but they didn't. Read that. ‐ "When they were done staging the photos for the press, "the Air Force had the debris shipped from Fort Worth...to Ohio." ‐ Mm‐hmm. ‐ "To Wright"‐‐ if this is true, then‐‐ ‐ Our own backyard. I know. ‐ So what do you do with that? ‐ I can't do anything, but you could. [soft dramatic music] ‐ Evan, I'm happy to pass along this information to my husband, but you need to understand that's the only way this works. ‐ Who said anything about your husband? You've been to the base before. If you went there again and got proof... ♪ ♪ Remember what we talked about? ♪ ♪ ‐ I'm sorry. I think you have the wrong impression of me. Doing something like that, that‐‐that's not who I am. ♪ ♪ ‐ You sure about that? ♪ ♪ ‐ So what exactly would I be looking for? ♪ ♪ ‐ Air Force is charging Willingham with murder. ‐ How can that be? There's no way Willingham did what we saw in that autopsy room. ‐ Look, I told the Colonel the same thing with more colorful language. ‐ We need to talk to him. ‐ That's not gonna happen. ♪ ♪ The colonel told me you've both been ordered back to Ohio. ‐ What? No, we're not done here. Who do I need to talk to? ‐ Hey, remember what Valentine said. If we're done, we're done. ‐ He begged for my help as they were dragging him away. ‐ We'll have better luck fighting this back home. ‐ Hey, hey, I'm sorry. I don't wanna interrupt. I'm sorry, but I wish there's more I could do here. But I imagine this happens a lot for you two. Look, in the future, if there's ever anything I can do to help, I'm on your side. ♪ ♪ [sighs] Jeep's outside waiting to take you back. ‐ All right. ♪ ♪ Doc, where you going? ♪ ♪ Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. [quietly] What are you doing? ‐ Unless we can present an alternate theory, an innocent man's life is about to be ruined. Beyond the ridge where we were earlier, that's where I'm going. ‐ Where they shoot on sight? ‐ Military Jeep‐‐ we'll look like friendlies, if they even see us. Now or never, Captain. ‐ Hey! Hey, hey! [men shouting] ♪ ♪ ‐ I figure we've got about 20 minutes before they conduct an aerial search. We're gonna have to‐‐ ‐ Whoa, did you see that? ‐ Let's check it out. ♪ ♪ Whoa. Kill the lights. [mysterious music] ♪ ♪ ‐ What is that? ‐ I don't know. ♪ ♪ [shutter clicks] ‐ Looks good. Go ahead. Bring it up. ♪ ♪ Got it? [eerie music] ‐ Are those coyotes? What are they doing? ♪ ♪ Give me that. ‐ What does that look like to you? ♪ ♪ ‐ That looks like the same surgical dissection that happened to Miller. ♪ ♪ Willingham didn't do that. ‐ We're gonna find out who did. [engine rumbles] ♪ ♪ ‐ All right, follow that truck. And don't get too close. Don't wanna tip them off. [suspenseful music] ♪ ♪ Where are you going, truck? ♪ ♪ ‐ They can't drive over that thing. Why not just go around? [clicking, whirring] ♪ ♪ ‐ You've gotta be fucking kidding me. ♪ ♪ ‐ A hangar inside a mountain? How do you even engineer that? ‐ Why would you engineer that? ‐ I wonder what it's for. ‐ Well, to keep secret work hidden. You think Daniel knows about this? ‐ I think what we saw back there at the base was just a cover. This is the real Area 51. ♪ ♪ Where you going? ‐ I have a camera in my briefcase. ‐ Doc, wait. [dramatic music] [electric crackling] Doc, get down. Something's happening. Come on. Get the shot. Let's get the hell out of here, Doc. ♪ ♪ Quick. ♪ ♪ Shit. ♪ ♪ ‐ They see us? ‐ We're not sticking around to see if they did. ‐ Wait, I have to get the camera. ‐ Leave it. ‐ We need proof. ‐ None of this matters if we're caught. ♪ ♪ ‐ Okay, we're getting out of here. ‐ Come on. ♪ ♪ [engine rumbling] ♪ ♪ ‐ You do realize what we just saw. ‐ A base in the side of a mountain. ‐ No, no, no, no, the coyotes, you said so yourself. Looks just like what happened to Miller. That means Willingham is innocent. ‐ "Your Honor, I'd like to call to the stand "the men in hazmat suits who disappeared in the side of a mountain with an electrical storm." ‐ An innocent man has just been charged with murder! ♪ ♪ You know, we have to do something. ‐ Yes, we get the hell out of here first. Already gonna be in deep shit as soon as we get‐‐ ‐ Captain! ‐ Ah, great, hold on. [engine revving] [suspenseful music] ‐ They've definitely spotted us. ♪ ♪ They're getting closer! Step on it. ‐ That's not helping, Doc. ‐ Captain! Captain! ‐ What the hell? [whooshing] ‐ That's no truck. ‐ What was that? ‐ Whatever it was, it's gone. ♪ ♪ We have to get back to the base. ♪ ♪ ‐ There it is again! Turn around! Ah! ♪ ♪ It's circling around! ♪ ♪ Watch out! ♪ ♪ Captain, it's coming straight for us! ‐ Duck! [craft whooshes] [engine grinding] You gotta be kidding me. Come on. [engine grinding] Come on. ♪ ♪ ‐ Where'd it go? [dramatic music] ♪ ♪ [helicopters whirring] [eerie music] ♪ ♪ ‐ Our own backyard. [planes whooshing] Mimi, if you got proof... ‐ Sorry to interrupt. ‐ Oh, you didn't interrupt. I was just taking a little break. Trying to decipher Allen's notes can be a little... ‐ Exhausting? ‐ Mm‐hmm. [both chuckle] ‐ Well, I was just about to lock up for the day. ‐ Right, um, I didn't realize it had gotten so late. ‐ You're welcome to come back and finish when you need. ‐ Thanks, Faye. ♪ ♪ I was just wondering. I noticed some of the hangars out there. They seem to be unmarked. Do you know why that is? ♪ ♪ ‐ I'm sorry. I'm not at liberty to say. ‐ Right, it's classified, of course. It just‐‐it seems a little strange, doesn't it? That kind of secrecy on a military base? ♪ ♪ [eerie music] ♪ ♪ ‐ Captain. Hey, Captain. ♪ ♪ Where are we? ♪ ♪ ‐ A military truck. [groans] ♪ ♪ What the hell happened to us? ‐ You can't remember either? ♪ ♪ ‐ The last thing I remember is taking off in that Jeep. ‐ Me too. ♪ ♪ 12 hours ago. ♪ ♪ ‐ Here they are. [indistinct chatter] Feet. Step out, please. ‐ Captain, are we speaking different languages? ‐ General. ‐ What part of "return to Ohio" did you not understand? ‐ Sir, we were headed back‐‐ ‐ It was my fault. I took off in a Jeep. The captain, he‐‐he tried to‐‐ he tried to stop me. ‐ I already lost a man out here! And then I get a call that two more are missing. What the hell are you doing? ‐ Well, they're not being honest with you. I asked them to survey some anomalous celestial activity, something the agency has been requesting funding for. So I was out of line. Should have authorized with you first. My apologies. But they were a big help. ‐ I want you two on the next flight out of here. Do you understand me? ‐ Yes, sir. ‐ We'd like to reopen the case into Sergeant Willingham's encounter. ‐ Willingham confessed. ‐ He‐‐he did what? ‐ Confessed to murder? [dramatic music] ‐ I want you two to listen to me, and listen to me very carefully. Corporal Miller's murder was a tragedy, and we are not gonna trivialize that young man's death with talk of flying fucking saucers. You understand me? Now you will go home, and I will clean up this shit because you can't. ♪ ♪ Dismissed. ♪ ♪ ‐ He told me about the confession as soon as he arrived. ♪ ♪ Lyin' sack of shit. ♪ ♪ ‐ Why would you cover for us like that? ‐ 'Cause I'm just like you, Captain. Both of you. I think when people try to cover up what's really going on in this world, we all suffer. ♪ ♪ ‐ We went beyond the ridge. ♪ ♪ There's another base inside a mountain. What is all that? ‐ I've never been. I don't know. ‐ What do you mean you've never been? Isn't that part of the CI‐‐ ‐ Anything beyond the ridge, that belongs to the Air Force. ♪ ♪ Look, for the future, you need anything, like help finding the truth, just ask me first. ♪ ♪ ‐ Hey, Doc, what happened to us last night? ‐ You heard what the man said. Everything beyond the ridge belongs to the Air Force. ♪ ♪ ‐ I heard that you're a low‐down Yankee liar. ‐ Hi. Here's your order. There you go. [gunshots] [somber music] ♪ ♪ ‐ Shane, look out! [gunshots] ‐ You'd think Americans would be tired of Westerns by now. Same thing every movie. First sign of trouble, someone starts shooting. [dramatic music] Was that where you got the idea to killing Cal? ‐ I have a new mark, a better one. Captain Quinn from Project Blue Book. The professor was a dead end, but our intelligence was right. The UFO program is a cover for advanced weapons systems. Given time, I can gain more information. ‐ Our intel has the CIA cooperating with Quinn and Professor Hynek. The one thing we don't have is time. ‐ Two weeks, that's all I'll need. ‐ For what? More photos? Files? ‐ To start. ‐ Hmm. I think the captain himself would provide for a much better source of information. Hmm? ♪ ♪ You can deliver him to us. ♪ ♪ ‐ Kidnapping an Air Force captain‐‐ ‐ Is something you're very capable of managing. ♪ ♪ And you owe us a body, Mishka. ♪ ♪ ‐ How was Nevada? ‐ Hot. ‐ Mm. ‐ We're gonna need to accelerate our timetable. ‐ Wait, we scrapped this years ago and for good reason. ‐ After what I just saw in the desert, I'm convinced the CIA has one goal: to see us obsolete. That will make us indispensable. ‐ We're taking a big risk, Hugh. ‐ Let me tell you something. I'm tired of these little skirmishes. If we're going to war, let's fire the first goddamn shot. ♪ ♪ ‐ All right, then, let's go to war. ♪ ♪ [distorted] ‐ 3‐1‐5‐4‐5‐6‐5‐3‐9... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 