Striking Out: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Striking Out 
 s2e3 - Episode #2.3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Striking Out (2017–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Episode #2.3 - full transcript 
 Tara takes on Eric Dunbar in an unusual case where a former nun petitions to divorce the church. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 LUCY: Morning, Eric. - Lucy? - Sleep well? - What time is it? - It's quarter past 8:00. [ Groans ] - I have a meeting in the... - Westbury. - With Mister... - Davis. You still have time to get home, shower, and change. If you run. Oh, Mr. Dunbar wants you to get a settlement today. Shite! What -- What time did you say? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - It's quarter past 8:00. - Oh, man. [ Mid-tempo electronic music plays ] - Hey. - Oh, good morning. Good morning. I should hear from the ombudsman about our complaint soon. - Okay, good. - How's Ray? Ah, he's okay. These things take their toll. Speaking of which, your mother -- - I'd say she -- - There you go. I think you, uh, know my friend Caroline. You found her on top of your fiancé. George. Shut up. ♪ Oh, would you let me know ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hi, Tara. ♪ My demons have a place to go ♪ I'll leave you to your coffees. I can't -- can't find my jocks. - Have you seen my jocks? - No. [ Vocalizing Wagner's "Ride of the Valkyries" ] [ Liquid trickling ] Raymond! Not when I'm the shower, please! Oh, shall I use the kitchen sink? Oh, just -- just get on with it. Do you need a lift to work? No. Steve is picking me up. [ Water runs ] Oh! Not the hot water tap! Sorry, man. You should get that sorted. You'll burn the arse off yourself. Swine. Aah! -[ Groans ] -[ Door closes ] - Here you go. - Cheers. - Love. - See you. [ Line ringing ] [ Cellphone ringing ] You're on the move early. Ray, can you pull the Monica Bridges file when you get in? Breach of contract. Ex-nun suing her convent. RAY: How does that work? She left the order because she believed they breached their moral contract with her. RAY: So how does that work? I'm not sure that it does, really. But it's one of the only cases that Dunbar's didn't bid for because they're repping the other side. I need to go to the Four Courts, and then I'll be in. - See you. - STEVE: Morning. ♪ You let my heart go ♪ ♪ But I come crawling back ♪ LUCY: You're welcome, Eric. Thanks, Lucy. ♪ You let my heart go, baby, then you pull me ♪ [ Laughter ] ♪ You let my heart go, but I come crawling back ♪ ♪ You let my heart go, babe, and then you pull me ♪ ♪ You let my heart go, but I come crawling back ♪ I've been thinking. My uncle lives in Liverpool. He could get us some building work. Could be a laugh. RAY: I'd better go help Irene. - Hi, Irene. Let me help you. - Oh, thanks, Ray. - There you go. - Tonight, yeah? You've acquainted yourself with the work? Read, tabbed, indexed, color-coded. To be clear, Joe, you're not my first choice, but despite some shambolic courtroom appearances, Tara assures me you're excellent on detail. Thanks. Frankly, you're available, and I'm desperate. - Any questions? - Why did Rosie leave? She got a better offer. Well, I can assure you that won't happen with me. [ Sighs ] This fire hazard is actually a pretty good space. A good tidy-up, delousing, some order and it'll be fine. Good morning. - Oh, morning. - Morning. She does know I'm not paying for any of this, right? She does, and she thanks you for your patience. Now, let's do this. I'll tackle this side. We have a client in less than an hour. - Who? - Monica Bridges. Oh, small fry. Now get sorting. [ Woman clears throat ] Morning. It seems small fry miscalculated the traffic. {\an8}♪ Is this what love looks like? ♪ {\an8}♪ It is breaking down ♪ {\an8}♪ Turns on itself ♪ {\an8}♪ Melts the flesh from the bone ♪ ♪ Oceans empty drop by drop by drop ♪ ♪ No shock and awe ♪ {\an8}♪ Slow and steady she goes ♪ {\an8}♪ No Jesus, no wrecking ball ♪ MONICA: I happily gave my life over to the order. That was my side of the agreement. The order served God. That was their side. But with each horrifying revelation, it became clear that they had failed in that service. TARA: Monica, I have to be honest with you. A vocation isn't the same as an employment contract. I mean, legally, it's extremely difficult to prove a breach of contract because there isn't one. They have sat on my father's land for years to avoid paying the compensation that they owe. How do you think God feels about that? Legally, it's too vague. And if we take it to court, it's unwinnable. They entered into the agreement the day I joined. They spoke it, and then they broke it. They can't just cast me aside now, with no severance, no provision for my retirement. So I'd like to enforce it. Before a judge. Look, the best that I can get -- I go to this meeting, we get a without prejudice payoff. They avoid further bad publicity for the church, and you get compensation. I want to be in the room. Morning, Mr. Dunbar. How was your breakfast meeting? - Fine, thank you, Lucy. - I left a folder in your office. Nothing urgent. You have the Sisters of the Faithful settlement meeting at 2:00, and Mr. Fitzjames is on his way up. Send him straight in. Thank you, Lucy. You're welcome, Eric. Oh. Good girl yourself. [ Door opens ] Now, I've seen this updated schedule of witnesses. What is this Pike playing at, involving York's widow? He's just turning every rock. He won't find anything. If this mess interferes with my bid for the Seanad... It won't. I guarantee it. - You told me Pike was a joke. - He is. Mm. I'm not laughing. None of us are. You will be. Trust me. [ Door opens ] Nigel, how are you? - Eric. - Have a seat. Good. So... Deirdre York. Any thoughts? Many thoughts, just not about Deirdre York. Nigel, her late husband was head of procurement. You won the bid. If Vincent Pike is calling her to give evidence, it means something. Not to me. So you're saying we've absolutely nothing to fear from this witness? I'm saying that woman is no threat to me. I mean, who talks to their wife, right? [ Both laugh ] I'll be with you in a moment, Monica. MONICA: Okay. Ray. I'm sorry to ask you to do this, but could you drop this over to Meg? It's her last payment. Let's not give her an excuse to come back. But look, after today you're not gonna have to see her again. None of us will. Okay. Thank you. Okay. I see Fitzjames is roaming around the building. Yeah, he thinks he owns the place. He's in good health, then? - Never better. - Good. This settlement meeting, I see she's opposite. Her name is Tara. Small case, big client. We don't disappoint the church. God forbid. And, uh, you around for Sam's dinner tomorrow night? - Wouldn't miss it. - Good. I hear it's going pretty well. Yeah. Here we go. Good. You know, found a place. It hasn't been the same without you. Oh, thanks, Lucy. Tara. Welcome back. Thank you. Sister Monica, good to see you. It's just Monica now. Apologies. Of course. [ Clears throat ] Well, we're all here. Um, Lucy, would you mind showing Monica to the boardroom, please? Be with you in two minutes. - Unusual meeting. - Hmm. Well, unusual case. - I have Ray's arrest record. - Tara... Eric, please just look at it. Sorry about the mess. I'm reorganizing. There's a lot of that going 'round. Yeah. - Someone leaving? - Already gone. It was a long time coming. Look, um, I'm really sorry, Ray. I take jobs to feed my kids. Some I like, some I don't, but if I had known... We all make mistakes. Some bigger than others. I suppose I should apologize for my terrible impression of you. It can't have been that bad. Richard bought it. - Trust me, it was. -[ Laughs ] This is from Tara. Mm. Better get going. Yeah. We've come up with a figure that we feel is more than fair under the circumstances. A vast difference between your notion of fair and ours. Monica worked for your client's organization for 33 years. With respect, this isn't an employment case, Tara. It was her vocation. There's no contract. Like it or not, ordinary rules don't apply. You know there's no legal merit to her claim. I am in the room. Monica carried out her duties at the direction of your client and sacrificed everything that she had in the process. At the very least, she's entitled to her dues and some basic financial security in her retirement. Monica is not entitled to anything. She has no right to compensation. I live in a homeless shelter. Your client preaches poverty while it hoards millions. For instance, the 1.2 million property given to your client by Mr. Bridges. Mr. Bridges' property is of no relevance to this case, and I'll advise you to do your homework before making allegations like that against my client. That property is worth nothing close to that amount, and for your information, is up for sale as we speak. Hardly hoarding. Anyway, your client has no claim to that land, and the finances of the Sisters of the Faithful are not in question here. Your client's bogus breach of contract claim is. My client was lied to by yours. She entered into an agreement on certain terms that were reneged upon. We'll see where the court's sympathy lies with that one, not to mention public opinion when the media gets their hands on it. Do you really want to take this to court? Yes, I do. I really do. Final offer. Take it or leave it. Final offer? My father's property was a dowry agreed between my father, Sister Mary Patrick, and I on the day I joined the order. I put on a white dress, slipped a ring on my finger. They even called me a bride of Christ. Having dedicated the best years of my life to that marriage, I want half. [ Door opens ] [ Door closes ] Well, that worked out well. [ Sighs ] TARA: Monica, look, I need to talk to you about the settlement meeting. MONICA: Before you start, I'm not a lunatic. I know I'm not getting divorced. - They're just so smug. - Yeah. Oh, the van is here. I have to go. - Do you want a hand? - Great, thanks. TARA: I completely understand why the offer seems like an insult, but it is still on the table. It's more than an insult. They stole my inheritance under false pretenses. That's a crime. Did you know the property is up for sale? No. It's ironic. He handed it over on the condition the order used it to help the homeless. You said "condition." So he spoke to someone? He made a special request? Sister Mary Patrick agreed that if we signed it over, the property or its proceeds would be used to fund a shelter. Sister Mary Patrick? Okay, so you, your father, and Sister Mary Patrick made a verbal agreement about the land, and the order have done nothing about it? Yeah. Monica, this is a more specific breach. They're both dead. Well, aside from you, were there any other witnesses to this agreement? Monica? Her name is Sister Frances. I haven't seen her since I left, but I know that she's the mother superior now. The woman thinks she married Jesus? - She has no case. - And yet she has a court date. The press will have a field day with this. Have you considered increasing the offer? The mother superior is holding firm. - Hey, lads. - Sam. Dad. How are you? - ERIC: Hey. - Hey, bro. Have a look at that. "Nun sues church for being evil." [ Laughs ] Sorry, lads. It looks like Tara has got you boys by the balls. Hardly. Any suggestions? Do what the church always does -- Turn sin into virtue. - Please come home. - Stop it. I'll get going on this. Oh, come on, stay. Dad's buying. He's busy. He's right. I am. Enjoy your lunch. Okay. See you. TARA: Ray? Yeah, my Monica Bridges case just got a little bit more interesting. Can you contact the Central Office and register lis pendens on the property? Lis pendens. Got it. Thanks. What is a lis pendens? It's a note warning people interested that the property is a subject of litigation. Basically, it puts buyers off. Well, look at you. Once upon a time, a legal secretary married a young barrister who became one of the highest judges in the land. And don't tell me, they lived happily ever after? Ray? The ombudsman have confirmed that they will investigate the alleged collusion and corruption of the two guards who arrested you. Well, if there's enough evidence to support it, that means that the guards could face disciplinary proceedings or even criminal prosecution. And if not, they and the people behind them keep getting away with it. Thanks, George. Sure. [ Seabirds crying ] GILLIAN: Could you pull those files for me please? - WOMAN: Sure. - Thank you. - Eric? - Morning. Tara has sent over further particulars. A copy of a subpoena to Sister Frances, and she's registered for a lis pendens on the Bridges... - Good morning, Mr. Dunbar. - Morning. ...on the Bridges property. It's an ambush. We need to look at an adjournment. [ Sighs ] No. An adjournment could kill the development deal. We plow on and shut it down. Brief Caroline to update the defense. Did you put Caroline Walsh on this to throw Tara? I put Caroline on this 'cause she's the best. Looks great, Mum. George, did you even know there was this much space in here? - Hey. - Hello. Hey, Irene. You're a sight for sore eyes. [ Smooching ] - Good to see you. -[ Laughs ] Hate to break this up, but I got to go. Oh, I was hoping we could grab a drink later. Ah. Ah, ah! - What? - TARA: What? There's something moving in there. You okay? Want me to take a look. IRENE: Mm. - Oh. -[ Squeaking ] [ Laughs ] I should've been charging him rent. [ Chuckles ] So about that drink? I can't. I'm heading to Wicklow later. Soon? Soon. Before we start, I've heard it from him, and now I'd like it on the record, this evidence will not affect my husband's severance package. I have no control over your or his finances, but why are you concerned about it? Because people can be vultures, and my husband wasn't a saint, but he wasn't a criminal, either. Yet he gave you cause to be suspicious? Well, he never loved his job, but he liked it, and he was happy. Then came this bidding process. He couldn't eat. He couldn't sleep. A nightmare to live with. Did he talk to you about what was bothering him? No. Did you see or hear any evidence that he might be involved in anything nefarious? The stress was taking its toll on us. After the bids went in, he disappeared for an entire weekend. I tore his office apart, found nothing. By Sunday afternoon, I began to worry. I was about to call the guards when he arrived home. Wouldn't say where he'd been, but he packed up all his files, and they were gone by morning. To the shed, which mysteriously burned down. Deirdre York? Anything else? She's a witness at the inquiry. I need to know if she can hurt us. You planning to set her alight too? Just so I know what I'm getting into. You blackmailed me to hire you, not the other way around. And what if I find something damning? You just focus on earning your retainer, hmm? That means no surprises at the inquiry. Is that clear? Thank you, Mrs. York. Truce? It's tenuous. I am really sorry, Vincent. It'll do. So you're still no further along, are you? Not as of this moment, no. -[ Pops ] - Ooh! Yeah. I thought you were heading off to Wicklow. Yeah, I am. Four Courts first, and then I'm gone. So you're relying on a nun to remember a conversation that took place years ago? It's risky, especially as it's against their own interest to do so. What other choice do I have? I mean, if and when we lose, a small payday will end up costing me time and money I don't have. You'll think of something. There's more than one way to defrock a nun. - Cheers. - Cheers. [ Cellphone vibrates ] Hello, stranger. Dad! Hey! I saw you yesterday. You were with Judge Andrews. You were laughing about something. I didn't think she was capable of laughing. [ Chuckles ] The truth is, my charm is legendary around these parts. I hear your mother is running rife. Yeah. Taking over and being amazing. Well, that's Mum in a nutshell. How goes the inquiry? - Hitting a brick wall. - Mm. Nothing deters a good man... What is the rest of that saying? Text me when you think of it. [ Laughs ] Oh, you'll find this interesting. I'm working on a case of an ex-nun completely left out in the cold. The order was implicated in an abuse scandal. She left, and now they won't give her a penny. Well, she made a vow. Vows can be broken. Rules can be broken, but a vow is forever, which is why you had a lucky escape. Bye-bye. Design, build, implementation plan. Woods, plastics, and composites. Woods, plastics, and composites. Implementation plan, design. Thermal and... Can you please stop mumbling? Sorry. Bad habit. The Irish Oak consortium's pricing structure was very similar to the next-lowest bid, but I can't find an identical crossover, so I'm going to have to start again. Woods, plastics, and composites -- 18,000. Thermal... I need some air. And a drink. - Want some company? - No. Bookworm. Mm. You're currently experiencing lumbar support. I like it. Great for the lower back and posture, presuming you wish to avoid the stance of a fairy-tale witch age 50. I am impressed. Mm. - TARA: Heya. - Hello. All right, if anyone calls, I will be locked in a room with a dangerous man. - Good luck. - Thank you. Mum, thank you so much. You've done a brilliant job. You're most welcome, my darling. - What's this? - Office-warming gift from Sam. No way. Don't fall for him, Tara. He's a friend, Mum. STEVE: You're quiet. Again. There's nothing to say. I don't know what's wrong with you because you won't talk to me. I don't know. I just... I can't do this. We're done, Steve. No. We're not done. I'm done. You don't fit in there. Don't fit in anywhere. MONICA: It's strange. It's been over 30 years since I left, but it still feels like home. [ Sheep bleating ] Thanks for coming today. I really wanted to show you the house. And see it myself. One last time. Sure. My family farmed this land for three generations, and then my father's one and only heir chose to be a nun. Sorry, Dad. Can I have a moment alone? Of course. [ Telephone rings ] IRENE: Hello? Have you got no home to go to? - You'd think so. - Will you do me a favor? Will you look up the county council website and just check if there's any planning application on the Bridges property? Bridges property. Just give me a minute. Now, what would the nuns want with a golf course? It looks like they're selling subject to planning. But who would bid on disputed land? Well, it wasn't disputed. Not until yesterday. Then you've got a busy night ahead of you. Thanks, Mum. - A golf course? - Yeah. Once they get planning, they'll sell the land to whoever the developer is. I'm gonna make an application to adjourn the case first thing. No. I can't drag this out anymore. No, I know, Monica. But look, this application is actually gonna put pressure on the sale, pushing the other side to make a real offer. - Tomorrow? - Yeah. You got somewhere to stay tonight? Yeah. I've got a B and B. It's fine. - TARA: You sure? - Yeah. TARA: Well, get some sleep. Tomorrow we fight. Lucy, I'm sending you through details on two guards. I need you to check with our contact and get some background on them. LUCY: Anything in particular? Conduct on the job, personal issues, complaints. And if you can supply their mobile numbers, check them against company phone bills. Including all staff mobiles? Just the people at the top. And Lucy... - Keep it to myself? - Keep it to yourself. Sounds ominous. Hey. Oh. Yeah. [ Clears throat ] Just another day at Dunbar and Calloway's. And people wonder why I work abroad. - You all right? - Yeah. ERIC: [ Moaning ] Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Leave me out of this. This is between you two. What is this? Tara. Caroline. Eric said you were working this. But it's pretty unconventional for opposites to socialize the night before the hearing. And that's what you think is unconventional about this? Okay. So... Ask me anything. How about the 2009? Nice and full bodied. Classic vintage. Just like your mother. SAM: Mm, don't know, Dad. I think the 2002 is a better pairing with the duck. What do you think, Eric? Darling, Eric doesn't know a Beaujolais from a Bordeaux. You're like your mother. Alcohol is alcohol. So other than Eric making the biggest mistake of his life -- sorry, brother, it's a fact -- what have I missed? How was Tara the other day? Good. Despite everything, she's found a new office, new clients, and her office manager is out of prison. Her office manager was in prison? Well, she obviously has everything under control. JOAN: Richard. Enough, please. I'm sorry I asked. Thank you. How many times? Just that once. Was it good? A solid seven. Why did you sleep with him? Because I wanted to. Why do you think he slept with you? I can't answer for him. Can I ask you one question? Yeah. If you loved him so much, why couldn't you just forgive him? Ultimately, it wasn't about him. It was about me. We can all sit here and endure this meal, or we can just clear the air. Dad, what did you do to piss off Eric? He tried to destroy Tara's business. That's ridiculous. What business? The one she's building without us. Dad? Eric was hurt. I was just trying to bring her home, that's all. And Ray? How does he fit in? Who's Ray? Dad, I think we can all agree that messing with Tara, it's -- it's petty. It's beneath you. Fine. She can do what she wants. So apologize. Shake hands and move on. [ Chuckles ] I don't think Eric needs an apology. Actually, I'd love one. I'm sorry, Eric. It won't happen again. Yeah, I might need that in writing. [ Laughter ] [ Cellphone vibrates ] Problem? No. No problem at all. Welcome home, Sam. Thanks, brother. [ Siren wailing ] Still off the cigarettes? Six months now. You off to Wicklow? 7:00 a.m. meeting with the mother superior. Mm. Watch your back. Those nuns can be vicious. Everything your dad does is for you, not against you. See you. Good evening, Mr. Dunbar. Your room is ready. ERIC: Thank you. All right, I'm done. I have a case to win tomorrow. Ha ha. No, no. Let me get this. I owe you. No, you don't. You owe me? Don't push it. You know, you're not the victim you think you are. I don't think I'm a victim. Maybe not. But it's my opinion that in the end Tara Rafferty gets exactly what she wants. See you tomorrow. McGrath. Poor old Timothy York. Bidder, Fitzjames. What is it? Design, build, implementation plan. Woods, plastics, and composites. Technical spec. Bookworm, what are you doing? You're in the office. Of course you are. Now, listen. Sparkling water when you're ready, please. Thanks. Thought it looked familiar. Good night? I've had worse. See you tomorrow. [ Cellphone ringing ] Tara. You were right about Joe. He may even be a genius. Although he's too obtuse to realize it. The Bookworm found striking similarities between Irish Oak consortium's bid and the next-highest scoring bid. Okay. I ran it by an industry expert. Turns out, having two virtually identical bids is unheard of. Total cut-and-paste job, apart from Irish Oak's conveniently lower prices. Combine that with York going missing for an entire weekend once the bids were sealed in McGrath's office... So they saw the other bids. And changed theirs accordingly. Over the weekend. All we have to do now is prove it. How goes it with you? Yeah, good. You were right, you know? There is more than one way to defrock a nun. [ Laughs ] Good night, Tara. Night, Vincent. Morning. - Morning. - Morning. Mick Dawson at your service, ma'am. Now, the judge will hear your adjournment application at the end of the list, but in the meantime, you're in safe hands. There's nothing more I'd love to do than to take Dunbar's and the church to the cleaners for you. Thank you. Excuse me. I think she's a little bit nervous. Mm-hmm. [ Toilet flushes ] [ Water running ] I thought you were happy with us. Obviously, I was wrong. But this? Monica, I don't understand this. Look at me, Frances. I have nothing. And whose fault is that? You had everything, Monica. I made a stand. You didn't make a stand. You ran out on us. The respectful thing to do would be leave us be. [ Door opens ] - So tell me... - Sorry. Hey. They just started negotiations. That's it. Final. Okay. - Well? - How about we're done at 75? I won't take anything less than 150. What? Monica, this isn't just about losing. This could cost you. Well, it won't be the first time. Well? MICK: We're looking for 150. CAROLINE: You must be joking. 80 is the end of the road, Mick. Take it or leave it. They won't budge over 80, and I strongly recommend you take it. ERIC: Sister. Pull the adjournment application. I want my day in court, and I want it now. Okay. Come on. - If you guys want to follow. - After you. I'll be with you in two seconds. Monica, why did you join the order of Sisters of the Faithful? I believe God called me to serve him and his children, not to hurt them. You're referring to the physical and sexual abuse? Judge, my friend is leading. It's not in dispute. We should have paid the compensation without question and offered respite and care to those who needed it. We should've been on our knees begging forgiveness instead of acting as though we were above the laws of God and of man. You agreed with me. Monica, I'd like to end with one last question. What, apart from your home, do you feel you've lost? Without support, my security. My identity. Even for a while, my sanity. I think I would've been a good mother. I really must object. This sounds more like a victim-impact statement than testimony. Thank you, Monica. No further questions. Sister Frances, do you remember any verbal agreement between Mr. Tony Bridges and Sister Mary Patrick? He talked about a homeless shelter. He also mentioned two local GAA teams. So he wasn't specific? Well, the shelter was his priority. But, and just for the record, he had many ideas about where the money should go? May I speak freely? Please. Monica was right about a lot of things. Our order let itself down badly. As soon as I took up my position as mother superior, I instructed Dunbar and Calloway's to do the necessary, to sell the land to pay our reparations. I've also made a provision for a donation to a local homeless shelter to honor Mr. Bridges' request. JUDGE BOYCE: Can I ask you, Sister, if you were going to uphold Mr. Bridges' wishes, why didn't you just say so? Because it wasn't on the original claim. And frankly, it's none of Monica's business what my order does with its property. Could I say something else? While we're here. I had no idea how bad things were for you, and I'm sorry for that. There are two separate issues here. Firstly, whether the order breached its commitment to Miss Bridges to carry out charitable work. It is argued that the order has failed in its moral obligations to the most vulnerable in society. That may be the case. But these failings cannot amount, in law, to a breach of contract. This aspect of the case was always doomed to fail. I remain entirely unconvinced that the wishes of Miss Bridges and her father were ever intended to amount to a binding contract. Accordingly, this aspect of the case must also fail. But this is an unusual case, and in the circumstances, I'll make no order for costs, and I wish you both well. So unless either party has any further application to make, I will make a formal order dismissing the plaintiff's claim with no further order. [ Fading ] All existing reserved costs are to be... I got your message. And then there was none. "Catholic Church steals home, leaving faithful sister out in the cold." Striking headline. I think so. You should've been a journalist. We're gifting your client the 75K on offer this morning on condition she signs a nondisclosure. - It's an offer she can't refuse. - Good. And Tara, Sister Frances made the offer before you attempted to use the media to blackmail the church. Eric? The ombudsman is looking into Ray's arrest. George is going after the guards' notebooks. Just thought you should know. Don't know why. It's none of my business. I didn't run out on you. I just didn't know how to say goodbye to my best friend. But I took your strength with me. Yeah? So that's where it went. I pray for you, you know? Back at you. I'd like to buy you a drink, Bookworm. Thank you. And can I just say, I know I wasn't your first choice, but it's a real honor to -- Joe, don't make me change my mind. Sorry. [ Exhales slowly ] [ Doorbell rings ] Hey. Hi. [ Chuckles ] Turns out if you stay away long enough, people start to forget about you. Oh. Have you got no one to play with? Mnh-mnh. I'm not going out. All I'm fit for is a movie and the sofa. Okay. Well, I'm in. I don't know if you've noticed, but I've got a face mask on, so I'm gonna wash that off. SAM: Yeah. I wasn't gonna say anything. Which one of these remotes work? I don't know. Just press everything. There you go. Think I've got it. All right. I'm pressing play. Okay. [ Hvmmingbyrd's "If Love was Enough" plays ] ♪ If love was enough ♪ ♪ Oh oh oh ♪ ♪ I wouldn't feel this way ♪ ♪ I am incomplete ♪ Wine. ♪ Oh oh oh ♪ ♪ Even when you say ♪ ♪ You love me, you need me, you hear me, you see me ♪ ♪ You touch me and hold me and know me ♪ What? What? What? [ Sighs ] Did you ever wonder why I didn't come home for the wedding? Oh, what am I saying? Oh! - Sorry. - Sorry. ♪ My body ♪ ♪ You love me, you need me, you hear me, you see me ♪ ♪ You touch me and hold me and know me ♪ ♪ If love was enough ♪ Oh, my God. I shouldn't have done that. I shouldn't have done that. I'm gonna get my jacket. I, uh... I think I'm gonna go. Okay. SAM: Uh... - Well... - I'll call you. - Sure. - Okay. Okay. [ Sighs ] ♪ Oh oh ohh ♪ ♪ Oh oh ohh ♪ ♪ Oh oh ohh ♪ ♪ Oh oh ohh ♪ ♪ If love was enough ♪ ♪ Oh ohhhh ♪ {\an8}♪ Now that has faded ♪ {\an8}♪ It's just you and me ♪ {\an8}♪ A colorful story of reverie ♪ {\an8}♪ A part of me longs for that time ♪ {\an8}♪ When I was yours and you were mine ♪ {\an8}♪ When I was yours and you were mine ♪ {\an8}♪ Oh oh ohh ♪ {\an8}♪ Oh oh ohh ♪ {\an8}♪ Oh oh ohh ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 