Striking Out: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Striking Out 
 s1e2 - Episode #1.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Striking Out (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Episode #1.2 - full transcript 
 Solicitor Tara Rafferty has to deal with a case where a will is disputed and her ex-fiance Eric wants her to give him another chance. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 . Here's to you, big man. To Patrick. -To Patrick.
-To Patrick. WOMAN:
Hey. -Eve.
-Thanks for coming. I'm so sorry. -Hey, Tara. Thanks for coming.
-Hey, Ada. I'm so sorry. Hey, look, I'm sorry to hear
your wedding's on hold. I bet your mum's delighted. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Irene. I saw you in the style section
and said, "Airbrushed. There is no way someone can run
Ireland's premier..." Premier. "...art dealership while raising
a child all on their own and still look so young." What's your secret? Tara, have you asked her
her secret? No. Don't get married. Some turnup. The one benefit of being
stuck in a bed for three years. You get to plan
your own funeral. It's time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Dad insisted on the will
being read at the wake. Micromanaging
from beyond the grave. Help yourself to some food. TARA:
Thanks, Ada. -Some white wine?
-Oh. Thank you. Thank you. Would you like some white wine? Right. What? What? No chance for a cease-fire while we put Patrick
into the ground? I don't know what you mean, Da.
We're fine. We're not even thinking
about Eric. -Mum.
-What? We're enjoying ourselves,
aren't we? Although there is one thing more
enjoyable than an Irish wake. An Irish wedding. This place has seen better days. Yes. Well, now that the girls
have it, with Ada's money
and Eve's heart -- A family home like this,
it takes work. -Sacrifices.
-Okay. I'm gonna leave you both
to mourn the loss of your friend of 30-odd years. Tara? I thought about not coming. You should go inside,
say your hellos. I'm okay here. EVE: What?!
Did you know about this?! ADA: Of course not!
How could I have known? EVE:
But I took care of him. ADA:
Yeah, but he's the one who... I'm sole beneficiary.
I got everything. Eve. I can't believe he did this. You'll have the firm behind you
if this is challenged. ♪ Is this what love
looks like? ♪ ♪ It is breaking down ♪ ♪ Turns on itself ♪ ♪ Melts the flesh
from the bone ♪ ♪ Oceans empty ♪ ♪ Drop by drop by drop ♪ ♪ No shock and awe ♪ ♪ Slow and steady she goes ♪ ♪ No Jesus, no wrecking ball ♪ . You're freaking me out. Oh. Me?
Why? I've heard your phone-call
eviscerations through the wall. You speak your mind, so when you have something
to say and you can't say it, it makes me think
it's something huge. Well, there is something. Yeah? Yeah. Once Ray is finished with his
court case, I'm gonna move on. Why? Well, he'll have seen out
his employment, and honestly... I don't really know
what I'm doing here. You're running a business. Oh, for it to be a business, I need to have clients
coming through a front door. And for that to happen,
I need to have a front door. You have a front door. I have a side door. Semantics. Sure.
It's here if you need it. There's a two-up-two-down
in Stoneybatter, a penthouse on the quays, and a canal boat
on Grand Canal. I'll keep looking. -Thanks, Ray.
-Yeah. Eve? -Hi.
-Hey. I got this this morning. It's Ada. She wants us out of the house
right away. What? She sought an injunction? The hearing's next week. I-I don't understand. I thought these things
took months, years. Well, yeah.
I mean, normally they do. But she's -- she's approached
the court independently. That only happens
in exceptional circumstances. What's happened between you two? I honestly don't know.
This all came out of the blue. Well, it says here
that Ada was made aware of attempts to sell items
from the house. That's not true. And she believes
you're planning on making structural changes to the house. That's only kind of half true. I don't know if you want me
in the middle of all of this. I don't want a stranger
in the middle of all this. And Dad promised me the house. Ada's with Dunbar's. Yeah.
Dad always used them. I don't know any solicitors. That house is all we have.
Please. I need your help. Okay. Right. My first question is,
define "only kind of half true." For the last number of years,
Sean and I have been working towards opening this place up
as a yoga retreat. Alternative plant remedies,
too. Kinesiology, reflexology --
the lot. But we're not gonna make
any structural changes. And was Ada involved
in these plans for the house? Why would she be? When Dad got sick,
we were living in Rathmines. He promised us this place
if we helped look after him, so we did. I split my time
between looking after Dad and homeschooling the kids. Sean's constantly working
on this place. We don't have much
in the way of money, but we have a lovely home
and a plan. If she takes the house,
we've got nothing. Sean's mentioned quite a bit
in Ada's affidavit. She's just grasping at straws. Do Sean and Ada not get on? They get along fine. Eve, what you said about your
dad promising you the house -- Did anyone witness that? There was a nurse. I-I have her details here
somewhere. Long term, I think we can make
an application that your dad didn't make proper
provision for you in his will. And that'll get us the house? No. But we can argue that given
your financial situation, especially in relation to Ada's,
that you should get half. Half? Eve, to be honest, I'm more
worried about the injunction. That's why it'd be really great
to find that nurse. If she testifies based on
the promise made by your dad, it would really help us. -But...
-What? It just depends how aggressive
you want to counter. Ada wants my children
out in the street. Eve, I'm sure she doesn't. It's just grief, you know? It makes people do weird things. But if there's even a hint
of misrepresenting the truth... Ada says she was informed
by an auctioneer about the sale
of a number of items. Which is a lie. Okay. I'll get someone
to look into that. If we can prove she's lying,
it'll sink her case. Just box all of that stuff up.
I'll get someone onto it. Look at you with your people. They have their work cut out
for them next Friday. -That's next Friday?
-[ Knock on door ] I'm so sorry.
I really do feel awful. It's fine. I'm used to being a buck passed. Foster kid, remember. I'll still be instructing, okay? And -- And -- And Vincent
is the top of his game. VINCENT:
Jesus! Hi. Favor to ask. Yeah. Uh, close the door. TARA:
Bit of a scheduling clash. Any chance you can take on
Ray's hearing next week? -Who's Ray?
-I'm Ray. My office manager. Oh. The experiment in altruism
not panning out? Quelle surprise. What a surprise. Circuit court. What was it you said? "No small courts,
only small barristers"? Ooh. I suppose the intellectually
bantamweight nature of it might prove
a pleasing palate-cleanser. Thank you, Vincent! Black truffle jus. -Oh.
-Where's your jacks? I'm not gonna rob anything. Down the hall,
second on the left. Don't open any other doors. Connard. Where's Karen? -I haven't seen her in ages.
-Oh, you know Karen. She's no doubt writing a piece
on the Yezidis while doing Pilates on a coffee
table in Fallon and Byrne. How is this all going? It's 11:00 in the morning, and
I'm making black truffle jus. So what's more important
than your man? Ah. Old family friend was written
out of her father's will, and now her sister
is trying to evict her from the family home
that she was promised. Oh, the usual.
Who's on the other side? I'll give you one guess. Anyway, I'll leave you to it. Oh, do you think
it needs more time? Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I see. -Thank you, Vincent.
-No problem. It is a mess. Pshh.
You should see my taxes. No.
The whole situation. I don't know what's going on
with Ada. It's not like she needs
the cash. Oh, just give her a call. You braided each other's hair,
right? A bit of a gray area ethically. Braiding hair is devious. Right. I'm gonna go see a man
about some antiques, see if Ada's story holds up. If they're selling something,
they're selling that. What, the fireplace? That's an 18th-century
Palladian marble fireplace. I put the date at 1749, and by the looks of it,
it's an Isaac Ware. Pricy. How do you know that? There is a lot about me
that you don't know. Like, for instance? What I drink. -Eric.
-Hey, Tara. Everything all right? Yeah.
Why? What's up? Can you come into the office? Nothing like that. You just need to do a general
hand-over of cases with Gillian. Okay. I'll come in tomorrow. I could just tell you
what it says -- Chh, chh, chh. Okay. So you're guilty. But... -But what?
-I don't know. I just felt
there was a "but" coming. No.
No "but"s. The law is very clear here. We do not pretend dead people
are alive and claim
their disability benefits. Yeah. I wasn't robbing
some stranger's benefits. You were robbing the state. Ah.
Just 'cause I'm not a bank. Excellent defense.
Yeah. So if you just turn up at court
wearing a Celtic jersey and answer every question
with the reply, "Water charges," I think we might have this
in the bag. No.
We enter a guilty plea. No.
Never say we're guilty. We say we're not guilty,
and we fight it. That's your job. Isn't it? MAN:
Get -- Careful! Hey, Mick, come on. Do you know how much
that's worth? Careful. Now -- Hey.
Swear to God. Drop that and I'll drop you. -You prick.
-Hey! Sean! Geoff! -Hey. Hey.
-You went straight to Ada. I told you this needed to be
kept quiet! Buddy, now, you know
I couldn't do that. I had to find out
if it was stolen. She's a big deal in my world. Well, buddy, deal's off. Hey. Hey. Come on! Hey. Hi. Hey. I'm looking for a fireplace. Uh, well...
[ Chuckles ] Something kind of prestigious. Prestig-- Well, the flashiest fireplace
in Dublin just stormed out. Mm. TARA:
Meg. What's the latest? MEG: Latest is I just saw
your client's husband trying to sell that fireplace. TARA:
Right. Move on to the nurse. MEG:
Already on it. Here and here. Sorry to dump you
with all of these. No, it's no problem. It's given me the opportunity
to get Mr. Dunbar to notice me. I think Richard well knows
who you are, Gillian. Mr. Dunbar calls me Gretchen. I didn't think real people
were actually called Gretchen. We haven't actually had a chance
to talk properly s-- Yeah.
That's okay. Just sign there. I hear that Martha
is representing Ada O'Melia. I can't discuss a case. Sorry. Sorry.
Just...old habits. Are we okay, Gillian? Of course. You know that we can
still be friends. But you don't work here anymore. Gillian, you don't have to -- All done.
Good luck. Oh.
Thanks. Bye, Tara. Bye, Lucy. Remember our first time in here? The Johnson case? We were so young. Too young. We didn't have a hope of doing
anything else, did we? Would you warn her if you could? About the long hours? About me. You? Don't get caught. I'd tell him... "Don't risk losing the
best thing you'll ever have." Tara. Mum. -Petal.
-Joan. I can't imagine
what you're going through. And not just
with these idiot men. Is Irene being, you know,
all Irene about this? Um, predictably Irene-esque. This last week
must have been hellish. It's been okay. My heart is broken. But we'll be fine, won't we? Get back on track and we'll find
a new date for the wedding. Oh, how beautiful
it's going to be. Mum, don't. Your dress.
Oh, my God. That dress. This will all be just fine. And in a-a couple of years,
you'll be a partner here. Don't, Mother. It sounds like some life. Just like that, it's gone. Eric, do you even remember
the Johnson case, or are you just reciting lines
written by your f-- Eric, I was just wondering
if we needed to -- Ah.
Hello, Tara. Richard. So? All good?
All settled? Yeah.
All settled. We have reached a settlement. Trust you to fix this
in a boardroom. What else would you know? Your expenses for the wedding. Food. Marquee. -Drink.
-[ Paper rips ] You can let everyone know
you got a good deal. Now listen, Tara. Just because
you've left the firm -- No, Richard.
I don't have to do that anymore. -ERIC: Tara, wait.
-TARA: That's enough, Eric. -Easy.
-Easy? That was an ambush. An ambush?
Come on, Tara. I didn't --
It was... Tara. TARA: You know, the worst thing
about it was she was treating me like some sort of mental horse
who had bolted for the sea. What, like I wasn't looking
forward to my own wedding? Like somehow this wasn't
what I wanted all along? Why do they think they're all
more upset about it than I am? Like they all have the monopoly
on the hurt just because I said
it wasn't happening. And how could it happen now? Wine.
We need wine. Oh, God. Dee, I'm sorry I'm ranting. Tara, no need to apologize. If I was in your shoes, ranting would be the least
of my worries. It would be a bit more
stabby-stabby, bury body. I'm starting to think
you're the only one left. When I talked to Gillian, she was just really cold,
you know? Like she doesn't want anything
to do with me because me and Eric are over. Oh, my God. You don't think that he was
banging her as well? Of course not. Don't wreck your own head
thinking like that. I've been going through everyone
who was at my hen party, and, bar my mum, all Dunbars. I let him and their company
become my life. It's pathetic. I'm sorry I wasn't there. [ Sighs ]
Listen. I mean, I'm sorry I haven't
been there through all this. Look, if you're worried
about finding a new flat, you know we have a spare room. I'm away half the time at work, and I'm happy for you
to either pay rent or...get back with Eric. What? Him passing through here
in a towel every morning. Jesus. You weren't banging Eric
as well, were you? Thanks for meeting me here,
Tara. I always feel kind of trapped
in offices, you know? TARA:
Eve, is that Ada? Why have you brought me here? What?
It's a coincidence. Come on.
You knew I would be here. Eve, seriously.
What did you do? Oh, don't be fooled by the whole "namaste runs
through my veins" act. She's a conniver. Have you been taking
your echinacea? You look tired. You are a ridiculous person. See? This is why she wants me
out in the street. If it's not some squiggle
that someone is willing to pay a million euros for,
it's useless. It's all money, money, money. I don't want you out
on the street. Eve, I believe her
when she says that. But, Ada, Eve doesn't know
why you're doing this. I don't know
why you're doing this. I don't want them
to wreck the gaff by turning it into
some yoga sweatbox. Look, this will go to court,
where it's gonna blow up. Believe me. It's gonna be an acrimonious
mess that will be on the public record
for the rest of your lives. And your kids', too. So what can we do? Eve, you shouldn't have brought
me here under false pretenses. But we could mediate.
Just the pair of you and Sean. All right. Just the pair of you
in a conference room. You can thrash it out,
call each other names. Ada, you can tell us
what it is that you want. I might even allow
some hair pulling. But look, it won't be
on the public record. I like the sound
of the hair pulling. You always did. -[ Cellphone ringing ]
-Sorry. Yeah? Do you think she'll go for it? Do you think she'll give us
the house? -ADA: I don't believe this.
-I think your sister loves you. Christ's sake! Cillian, come on!
We're going! Ada, what's wrong? Mediation's off, Tara. You can thank this one's husband
for that. What's her problem with Sean? Eve, Ada wasn't lying. Sean did try to sell
the fireplace. . . TARA:
Yes? It's Richard. TARA:
Richard. What can I do for you? You crossed a line yesterday. You approached a client of ours
without her solicitor present and advised an action
to benefit your client. Wait a second.
Look. What happened
was that I was already -- That could be considered
as a serious ethical breach. My client is an old friend
of yours. You utilized that friendship,
blurring professional lines. Hang on a second.
That is a bit rich. Your practice represented
the testator and now the sole beneficiary
of a highly contested will. Granted, the will was drafted
by Dunbar and Calloway, but it's perfectly consistent
with Ada's position. What am I doing talking to you? I should be dealing
with Ada's solicitor. Ah. Forgive me.
I forgot to mention. I've taken over
from young Martha. You see, I have
a vested interested in this one. See you in court. And she's got my card. Aah! Jesus. What are you doing? I was... I was just passing. What are you doing here? Admin. Was gonna lock the door
on the way out. -Shall we go get a drink?
-You look like you need a drink. I know a place. I know a better place. What's the dress code? It's casual. Jay, this is, uh,
this is Vincent. Hey. How are you settling
in the office? I pick things up easily. Like disability checks? It's a bit small, that office,
for just the two of you. Tight. I'm gonna stop you right there,
Vincent. I won't be treading
on your creepy toes. I'm not creepy. Don't know. Packed bags and boxes
in a bedroom is pretty straightforward. You opened a door. Well, you said don't, so... A man after me own heart.
I'd have done the same thing. Just be up front about it. My dad, Alan, the dead disabled guy --
used to say -- wise man -- "Intentions only get you
in trouble when you hide them." Were you with him long? Longest. My stints were usually
pretty short. Don't know if you noticed, but I
have a bit of a mouth on me. No! N-- Really? Alan, uh, used to be able to --
to cut through any of the -- the rage
or insecurity with a well-deployed "cop on." Found a joint in me room. "Cop on." Brought home by the 5-0. "Cop on." You know what two words I think
he'd say to you now, Ray? "Plead guilty." It's the only way
I can help you. You had to ruin it, didn't you? Ray. You're not angry at me. You're angry
because you got caught. Angry? [ Laughing ]
I am terrified, man. I have a hole burning in my gut because I know what
it feels like to be cornered. You don't. This is just a notch
in a posh desk for you. You win this, and you get to
feel good about yourself. You lose and you sigh, and I get shipped off
to some lad who wants to hurt me
'cause he's been hurt himself! This is real, Vincent. This is my life. Ray. I understand. No, you don't. How could you? MAN:
There you are, love. Thanks.
You can just leave it here. Tara, good news. I found your nurse. TARA:
Will she testify? Uh, I probably should have led
with the bad news. TARA:
Oh, God. I cannot go back to my client
with a dead nurse and keep accusing her husband of stealing a flipping
fireplace. I need something else. Find anything of worth in here? Well...there is a lot
of activity on the card of a bedbound cancer patient, which means that someone
was spending his money. Eve? I don't think it was Eve. You see, between the kids
and her dad, I-I don't think she had a chance
to leave the house much. And the transactions are three,
four times a week. All point of sale. Mm-hmm. Not necessarily sinister if it's
stuff for the house, though. Yeah. But this is where
local knowledge does come in. Transactions all times
of the day, so it couldn't be Eve. Coffee shops, restaurants. Hm. Someone likes to treat
themselves. Yeah. And all in the one circle
in Dalkey. You know this isn't how the
detective thing works, right? Maybe not where you're from, but on the cold, mean streets
of Dalkey... Did you put pickles on mine? Good. Hey.
Look. What is going on with those two? It was once, years ago. But with Sean, Ada. I know. It was the biggest mistake
I've ever made. And what, he won't let it go? He's followed me to the gym
almost every day for nearly a year now. It's so messed up. Eve worships him. But why evict her? Look, I genuinely believe
this business is doomed to fail. It's the only way I have
of securing her financially without explicitly saying,
"You are a dope." But you don't know they're gonna
make structural changes. That's why I flipped yesterday. I knew Sean was stealing
from Dad, but I allowed to happen 'cause
it was my way of monitoring him. But he rented heavy tools
yesterday. I know he's gonna do something
to the house. So I'll get them to stop. Get her to leave him. What? I know it's dark, but he won't stay with her
if she loses the house. I know he won't. It'll prove what a fraud he is. So that's the real reason
behind all of this? If she knew what happened,
she might leave him. I can't risk telling her. He'll say it was more
than it was. But you could. Just tell her
he's been unfaithful. And don't tell her
it was with me. What's this? This, Ray, is my office... ...ever since Karen
kicked me out. So? It was meant to show
vulnerability, earn your trust. I suppose grand gestures
aren't my forte. I'm more of a words man. Guff. Guff is your thing. Fine.
Guff. You see, there's the law, Ray. And I'm not gonna sugarcoat it
for you. The law is against you. But then there's the law. Now, the law, I specialize in. And the law is malleable
and loves a good story. Especially the kind between you
and your foster father -- a love story. Jesus. A bit maudlin. I can't tell your story if we're
wrestling with the truth. Plead guilty. Let me use my words. Gamble on your guff? So, tell me what you want me
to say in the affidavit, and I'll say it. It doesn't work like that, Eve.
You need to tell me the truth. Why?
Ada didn't. No, she did, because Sean was
trying to sell the fireplace. Yeah, but he didn't. And anyway, he was gonna put
the money back in the house. He didn't tell me about it because he thought I had enough
going on with Dad. Ada isn't lying about
the structural changes either, is she? She is. We're not going to do
anything with the house. Why is she trying to wreck
my life? I think it's the opposite, Eve. Look, she doesn't want you
and the kids out. She's evicting you
because she wants Sean out. Eve, we found some evidence
a while back -- Eve, I'm really sorry, but
Sean has been unfaithful to you. Yeah. With Ada. You knew? Of course I knew. I didn't want to tell you
about it because it's embarrassing
for Ada. She's doing this
because she wants him. She wants what I have.
It's pathetic. I don't think that's true, Eve. I'm not leaving Sean. Just promise the court that you won't make
any structural changes. Of course. So what's this guy's deal? Judge O'Leary? We should be fine if we steer clear of
time-wasting amateur dramatics and sickly-sweet sentimentality. Cool.
What's our plan? Time-wasting amateur dramatics
and sickly-sweet sentimentality. Right. Our replying affidavit. Game face on. Good, good. Go on, Eve.
Show us yours. No. Our barrister is a teenager. What he is
is in your price range. Come on.
Relax. We can do what we can do
in there. WOMAN: Case number 7 --
O'Melia versus Hayes. We've just been handed
the replying affidavit. Just now? This case is ready to be heard,
Judge. Should take half a day. Pardon me, Judge,
but we just got handed this. This? A replying affidavit. You have 20 minutes. Unless there is some specific
item that you want to reply to, you're going on the list today. TARA:
What is this? Are you knocking down a wall? When was it?
Was this last night? Yeah. Ada must have put investigators
onto you. She knew this was gonna happen. -Can they do this?
-Can they do this, Eve? You've lied to me. You said in your affidavit
that I knew of your plans, that I knew about the tools
but you weren't gonna use them. Do you know how bad this looks? Tara, it's our home. We can do what we want with it. What are you doing, Eve? When the court can see
what we can see in our heads, the way it's gonna look, they'll
never take the house off us. Have you been lying to me
this entire time? We can still win this, right? I've read all the affidavits,
and it's clear from the outset that some serious allegations
have been raised. On what basis are you defending
this application, counsel? Um, as outlined
in the affidavits, we're -- Have I not just told you
I've read them? Yes, uh, but for
the benefit of the court. We are, um, contesting the will
at a later date based on questions
surrounding -- Yes. Yes.
A promissory estoppel. Witnessed by
a conveniently deceased nurse. Yes.
That's -- That's the one. W-Which,
coupled with a section 117, uh, conspires to, um... uh, c-conspires... Uh... T-This should just be kicked,
um, down the path. Do you mean "road"? [ Whispering ]
There's nothing we can do now. MAN:
How do you plead? Guilty, Judge. So, to sentencing. While you have maintained
employment since your last hearing, I still do not see a fixed abode
here. This is the part
where Tara said, "He's staying with me,
Your Honor." Staying with a colleague
is not a fixed abode. Care to share with the court? Uh, just taking instructions,
Judge. A bit late in the day for that,
Mr. Pike. 28,000 euro in fraudulently obtained
social-welfare benefits. What does your client have
to say for himself? A lot, Judge. On the face of it,
my client is a drifter -- unemployed until recently,
no fixed abode. He admits to the charge,
but all is not as it seems. I would ask this court
to afford me the opportunity to outline
the unique circumstances behind my client's actions. Go on. My client is a man who all his
life fell through the cracks. Foster care from the age of 8. Fifteen placements in six years. He had no family,
no one to rely on. Until he was placed in the care
of Mr. Alan Doyle, his father, his family, the only person
who ever cared for him. Mr. Alan Doyle was a man
of modest means but nonetheless sacrificed
every cent in his life to the betterment of children
on the margins of society, just like he did for my client. And he did a very good job. Mr. Lamont is smart,
kind, caring, and so lippy, if he hadn't been dealt
such a scant hand in life, he would've put me
out of a job years ago. If your client didn't profit,
then who did? St. Enda's Youth Centre, an after-school club that offers
very real support to vulnerable children
not unlike my client, who would otherwise
be on the street. During his lifetime,
Mr. Alan Doyle transferred all of his social-welfare
payments to this charity. It was his legacy. My client was unwilling to let
his father's legacy die, so the payments continued. He was not ready to say goodbye
to this man, his home. I presume there is a legal point among this fluffy duvet
of nonsense. There is. The law is living. To not take into account
the character of this man, his circumstance
when it comes to sentencing, would be to declare the law
dead... ...and still try to claim
its benefits. JUDGE O'SULLIVAN:
I've heard enough. An eviction is a brutal
and traumatic event that has left
a genuine psychic scar on the fabric of our nation. It is never the answer. Unless it is. I find in favor of the plaintiff
and grant the order sought. No! Yes. This is a house
of architectural importance, and here I find you, despite promises
to the contrary, wielding a hammer. I find it obscene. This application
should never have been defended. The respondents' affidavit is
no more than a tissue of lies. It strikes me that if
her legal representatives had done their duty and probed further into their
own client's intended actions, they could have saved the court
a lot of time. I'll leave him
if that's what you want. Eve. Ada, please. I won't touch the house. Please don't take our home away. None of you have the right
to be there. You lied in your affidavit,
misled the court. You cannot be trusted. Apply for a stay. I apply for a stay
pending appeal. No stay. This injunction will take
immediate effect. All residents will leave
the premises at once. Now, what am I to do
about costs? Uh, given my clients'
financial difficulties, any costs incurred
w-would cripple -- You want me to reserve the costs
on that argument? I think you'll find that most criminals
have financial difficulties. How am I supposed to tell them,
Tara? How do I tell our kids
I lost the house? Eve, did you mean
what you said in there? [ Sighs ]
Not now. -Tara.
-Yeah? I might look over my shoulder,
but can you describe to me the look on Richard's face
right now? Um... he looks like he might be having
a stroke. Our client has a proposal. Okay. The parties enter into
a caretaker's agreement. She'd also like to meet
in your offices. Yeah. She said something about
being promised hair pulling. Oh. PETE:
Rafferty Towers. Thank you.
Hey. How much did you say
the rent would be here? I didn't. But it'd be somewhere
in the region of dirt cheap. What changed your mind? Just the realization that I am officially out
of the sacred circle. I could try and crowbar my way into some glass-fronted
normality. But I don't know. Maybe there is something
to be said for doing things differently,
you know? I had you at "dirt cheap,"
right? Totally. Vincent. Whoa-ho! Oh!
[ Laughs ] [ Laughs ]
Yes! Yes. Yes! This guffmeister got me off
with a poxy fine and some community service. It wasn't all this
jammy bollocks. A large part of it
was off the back of your continued employment
of me. Thank you. Oh, Ray. What is it? I don't know
if I can keep employing you. What's wrong? I got rinsed. Well, how in the hell
did that happen? She lied to me, barefaced. And I trusted her
instead of probing further. We got blindsided in court. So they're being evicted? No. There was a last-minute
reprieve afterwards, but that was how it played out. -It was vicious.
-At least you're getting paid. Yeah. I deferred costs. I had to. They're living on flipping sage
and incense sticks. And that on top of my
professional liability insurance and the fact that I forked out
for most of my wedding, I'm broke. Tara. You did the right thing. [ Whispering ]
I'm sorry. You said you paid
for your wedding? Mm. Food and booze. Someone said you'd moved out
of ours. Yeah. You're living here now? Yeah. What are you doing? Joan isn't gonna jump out
with a giant check, is she? I apologize. For? It was an ambush. For what it's worth,
it was my dad who'd -- Please don't. You're right.
[ Inhales sharply ] I didn't know about it
in advance, but if I did, would I... [ Bell tolling in distance ] It's our wedding day. I'm not handling this very well. Okay. Um, I just wanted to tell you
that I support your decision and I know it must have been
very difficult for you. Is everything okay, Tara? Only because technically half
are yours. I'll leave you to it. See you around, Tara. ♪ Some days we sit in silence ♪ ♪ Her old hand in mine ♪ ♪ My mind has never felt
so full ♪ ♪ Her wisdom always fills
the air ♪ ♪ I found your lionheart ♪ ♪ That slept sound in me ♪ ♪ And I'll make it wake ♪ ♪ Your heart lies in my eyes ♪ ♪ Your heart lies in my eyes ♪ ♪ I have your lionheart ♪ ♪ It has made me be ♪ ♪ The wolf that I am now ♪ ♪ Your heart lies in my eyes ♪ ♪ Your heart lies in my eyes ♪ ♪ I wrote this song for you ♪ ♪ For hope to keep you well ♪ ♪ I kneel and pray for us ♪ ♪ The sky will be ours ♪ ♪ I will run in the woods ♪ ♪ And have stories to tell ♪ ♪ I found your lionheart ♪ ♪ That slept sound in me ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 