Ancient Aliens: Season 5, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ancient Aliens 
 s5e5 - The Einstein Factor - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ancient Aliens (2009–…): Season 5, Episode 5 - The Einstein Factor - full transcript 
 Was Albert Einstein a genius? Or was he superhuman? Was his genius "of this world," or was it "otherworldly?" Is it possible, as Ancient Astronaut theorists believe, of an extraterrestrial connection to the scientific genius of famous historical figures. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He is considered the most brilliant mind of the 20th century. His brain was wired in a different way than normal human beings. With radical theories that redefined the forces of nature. We thought we had a pretty good understanding of how the universe worked. Einstein showed that we were just wrong. But was Albert Einstein's genius somehow otherworldly? Any time that there is an individual with extraordinary gifts, is it possible that they're a little bit more than human? And could that genius unlock the secrets of the universe? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's Einstein's theory which allows for the real possibility of time travel. Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings. What if it were true? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history? And if so, might evidence of alien contact help to unlock the mystery behind the genius of Albert Einstein? # Ancient Aliens 5x05 # The Einstein Factor Original Air Date on January 18, 2013 Principe Island, 140 miles off the west coast of Africa, May 29th, 1919. During a rare total solar eclipse, astrophysicist Arthur Eddington photographs the deflection of star light around the darkened sun, to try and prove Albert Einstein's much disputed 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Theory of General Relativity. The theory of General Relativity says light will bend in a gravitational field. So when the eclipse blocks out the sun, the stars close to the sun can now be seen. And if the light bends, they'll be in a slightly different position. Einstein was exactly right. The light bent just as much as he predicted it would bend. Newspapers around the world had headlines saying, Einstein's theory was vindicated, and in fact, space and time were a lot stranger than we had imagined. In his lifetime, Albert Einstein was a worldwide celebrity whose name personified the word "genius." His groundbreaking discoveries redefined Isaac Newton's laws of physics and created a completely new understanding of how the universe works. Before Einstein, physicists viewed space and time as simple, unchanging, static ideas that objects existed in and that events took place in. According to Einstein, the existence of matter and energy in space can change its shape, it can warp time, it can distort it. And his theory of relativity totally upended everything we thought about these most fundamental of physical concepts. Before his Theory of Relativity, our understanding of space was equivalent to a time when we believed the Earth was flat, essentially. Einstein's Theory of Relativity expanded our understanding of the universe on that level. Albert Einstein was a genius. And his genius was looking at this stuff and just thinking about it from a completely different angle. And that's what really allowed him to make huge progress in areas that other people hadn't been able to make up to that point. But what was the origin of Einstein's revolutionary scientific breakthroughs? Was it a product of his innate gifts? Or might it have come... from somewhere else? Albert Einstein was born on March 14, 1879 in Ulm, Germany. As a child, he displayed an unusual interest in the less tangible forces of the world. His father, when he was ill one time, showed him a compass. And Einstein, as a child, was so amazed. Here there was this invisible force that caused the compass needle to point, and that sparked his imagination. What is that? How does that happen? So, this is sort of the beginning of things that made him realize that what we saw in the world had sort of a mysterious connection. This curiosity led young Einstein to a physics degree from the Swiss National Polytechnic in Zurich. But following his graduation, the aspiring physicist struggled to find work. He wasn't able to get immediately a job that he wanted, which is teaching physics. So he took a job that was through a friend of his at a patent office. The patent office helped him sharpen his mind by examining these patents. And eventually, it also gave him the time that he needed to think about these things that puzzled him. It was during this time that something remarkable happened to Albert Einstein... something which suggests that Einstein was communicating with a realm outside our galaxy, a realm that some ancient astronaut theorists believe may be designed by extraterrestrials. Albert Einstein was very adept in putting himself into altered states of consciousness through what he called his thought experiments, which were a kind of three-dimensional metaphorical reverie. It was the kind of thing of putting himself into a place that most of us won't go, and exploring that space... so that he could receive very, very novel and new ideas. Thought experiments enable you to visually or geometrically approach a problem that maybe mathematically might be difficult. For example, Einstein liked to think about what it would be like, from a first-person perspective, sitting on a beam of light moving through space. What would he see from that perspective? He had all sorts of different visual ways of thinking about physics. In 1905, after immersing himself in these thought experiments, Einstein authored four papers that would redefine mankind's perception of the universe in multiple ways. Included in that year was a paper which essentially proved that atoms were real entities that really existed. That was a very controversial idea at the time. In that year, he published a paper on what's called the photoelectric effect. Everybody believed that light was a wave. Einstein said, no. Light really acts like a particle, and it comes in little discreet packets. These particles of light eventually led Einstein to the notion of the stimulated emissions, so we have lasers. We use lasers for everything from eye surgery to cutting metal. One of his papers included the equation E=mc2. It said, you could create mass, you could destroy mass, and it gave us an idea of how mass might come into existence in the first place. Einstein showed that mass can be converted into useful kinetic energy. And so, this is the basis of the energy we get out of nuclear fission and nuclear fusion. And another paper he published that year became the beginning of his Theory of Relativity. This was an amazing array of things to do for a scientist in an entire career. The fact that Einstein did it all in one year is virtually miraculous. To get a sense of how dramatic those papers were, imagine if someone came up to you and said, everything that you know about space and time and matter and energy is wrong. And then, they would give you all the math and all the explanation of why everything that you know is totally wrong. It's often referred to as the Annus Mirabilis papers, which basically means, the miracle year or wonderful year. What was the source behind Einstein's incredible insight about the laws of physics? Is it possible, as ancient astronaut theorists contend, that Einstein's ability to enter altered states of consciousness connected him to an extraterrestrial world? One that allowed him to access information about the inner workings of the universe? Einstein said that when he first developed the concept of relativity, it was like a storm going off in his head. And this would show that he had a different kind of a brain and his brain was wired in a different way than normal human beings. Albert Einstein was known to spend hours on end sitting in a chair, formulating an idea or a thought to its inception. Now, was he tapping into some type of advanced field of knowledge? It's very possible Einstein used this type of technology to a certain level. When we look at history and when we look at the people themselves who are the giants on whose shoulders we stand, what they are saying is that this information wasn't theirs but that something beyond them, something which was larger, something which was divine allowed them to receive this information and give it to the world. All the knowledge of the universe exists in the cosmos. And maybe Einstein was able to access that knowledge, that he was more in tune with this what I would even refer to as a metaphysical world. That he had this direct access. He didn't know how he did this, but his being knew it, his essence. That through his being, he was able to unlock the secret of the universe. Did Albert Einstein's use of thought experiments grant him access to an extraterrestrial realm, as some ancient astronaut theorists believe? Perhaps the answer lies not in other worlds, but locked away within the pieces of Albert Einstein's brain. Princeton, New Jersey. April 18, 1955. World-renowned physicist Albert Einstein dies from a ruptured aneurysm in his heart. Hours later, Princeton Hospital pathologist Thomas Harvey carefully removes the famed scientist's brain. When Albert Einstein died, there was an autopsy performed on him in 1955 at Princeton University. And the man who performed the autopsy removed Einstein's brain. And he actually took Einstein's brain out of his head and he put it in a cookie jar filled with formaldehyde, and he held onto it. So there was an urban legend that went around that said that somebody had Einstein's brain, which was actually true. What everyone didn't realize is that the key thing that defined Einstein, which was his brain, was being driven around in the backseat of a car of this physician. It was a very weird story. His motivation was not just simply the ghoulish thing of having this, you know, great trophy, but it was to try to see if he could understand it. And he began to give slices of it to neurobiologists and neurophysiologists to see if they could understand what it was about Einstein that was different. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Present day. 45 miles south from the hospital where Albert Einstein's brain was removed, and hidden away behind the walls of this museum resides what's left of arguably the greatest mind in human history. Here at the Mutter Museum, we have mummified human remains, skeletons of mutated bodies. But our most important artifact is right here: Einstein's brain. We have a wide range of artifacts, but they are all in the medical spectrum. Einstein's brain, it's an amazing representation of not only a medical specimen, but one that represents one of the greatest minds in the world. In 2011, the Mutter Museum received 46 slides of Einstein's brain from Dr. Lucy Rorke-Adams, who acquired them from an employee of Thomas Harvey. I've been extraordinarily fortunate to have been the caretaker of these slides for over 40 years. And I regard them as a scientific treasure. The best way to describe his brain was that it looked like the brain of a young person. At age 76, he has beautiful preservation of the neurons and no degenerative disease of any kind. How is it possible that at the advanced age of 76, Albert Einstein possessed the neurons of a healthy young man? Why was his brain unique to that of other humans? Even more curious is the fact that Einstein's parietal lobe... the part of the brain believed to be involved in the manipulation of objects and the processing of numbers... was 15% wider than the average human. These are actual images taken in 1955 of Albert Einstein's brain. One thing to point out here is you can see the red line is relatively expanded compared to normal brains, marking the expansion of the parietal lobe. The parietal lobe of Albert Einstein is truly anomalous. It's unique. It's intriguing to think that this might have something to do with his unique ability to put himself into these very abstract scenarios. He was known for thinking, what would it be like if I was traveling at the speed of light? That's a hard place to put your mind in. The parietal lobe might be involved in these types of abstract thoughts. So the fact that we see kind of an anomalous anatomy in the parietal lobe of Einstein, it's intriguing. In the 1980s at UC Berkeley, Dr. Marian Diamond discovered another amazing feature about Einstein's brain structure. Diamond found that it contained over 70% more glial cells than the average human brain. The brain is not just the communication between neurons, but the communication between neurons and glia. Glia are crucial for the very basic carrying of information. We could hypothesize that a brain with a larger number of glia per neuron could have advantageous effects on brain performance... enhanced cognitive abilities. Probably 99.9% of the brains across mankind are identical. But certain brains stand out. And in the case of Einstein, this was a genius who seems to have had some kind of hardware that was different. What could be the reason for the extraordinary genetic makeup of Albert Einstein's gray matter? Is it possible, as ancient astronaut theorists believe, that his advanced brain allowed him to receive and decipher messages from an otherworldly realm upon entering a trance-like state? Could this explain how he was able to envision his four groundbreaking papers that transformed man's understanding of the universe in under a year's time? How could one person in one year create and write such important papers? And his own colleagues had no idea what he was talking about. The way Einstein thought was completely different than people before him. How do we account for Einstein's large brain capabilities? Is it something in human evolution that's just causing him to evolve faster? Or was he potentially given some type of leg up genetically? Maybe some type of extraterrestrial gene that we still haven't yet identified. Are there individuals out there that may have DNA sequences that we're not familiar with, that are unknown, that are non-terrestrial, that have never been discovered before? Anytime that there is an individual with extraordinary gifts, is it possible that they're a little bit more than human? Could Einstein's extraordinary brain anatomy explain his remarkable genius? Or could it be that his use of thought experiments and his unique brain structure allowed him to receive and decipher information from an otherworldly source? Perhaps answers can be found by examining the incredible minds behind other geniuses throughout human history. Stockholm, Sweden, 1921. The Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences awards Albert Einstein with the Nobel Prize in Science for his groundbreaking contributions to theoretical physics. What separated Einstein from his contemporaries? How did the 42-year-old physicist achieve such a seemingly perfect blueprint of the universe. We see that across time and space we have pockets of people who have received tremendous amounts of information which really have propelled civilization along. Obviously, the question, then, is do they have special brains, or is this just something which happens by concentrating on the right thing to access this information. Is it possible that Albert Einstein's practice of thought experiments allowed his genetically advanced brain to receive messages from a metaphysical realm, as ancient astronaut theorists believe? If so, could there be evidence of other geniuses across human history whose greatest achievements materialized through altered states of consciousness? Athens, Greece. Outside the Hellenic Military Academy sits a statue of a war hero... and the founding father of Western philosophy... Socrates. Socrates' contemporaries described the philosopher as being strange in many ways, including spending hours each day consumed by his own thoughts. One of the most stunning examples of Socrates' daydreaming actually happens while on campaign as a soldier at the siege of Potidaea. Socrates was caught in the grip of a thought or an idea, and he remained fixed and thinking silently for an hour, for another hour, for another hour. He displayed an extraordinary endurance that his peers may have found odd and suspicious and puzzling. We often think that a genius is eccentric, but I think some of their eccentricity comes from the fact that they really are in touch with other realities. In the case of Socrates, he said that he was able to access a demon. Now, a demon for Socrates is not some evil creature. But the ancient Greeks had this subcategory of gods who really were talking to human beings, explaining the mysteries of life to us, explaining why we were here. Is Socrates' so-called demon evidence that the founder of Western philosophy was mentally unstable? Or could Socrates' demon be proof that he was in contact with an extraterrestrial intelligence that was sending him messages from a distant realm in the cosmos. I think it's too easy just to say that, yeah, Socrates was nuts or that he was schizophrenic or that he was hearing voices. The demon is some kind of messenger, some kind of bridge between him and the realm of the metaphysical that he is trying to attain. Did Socrates' practice of deep meditation connect him to an extraterrestrial intelligence, as some ancient astronaut theorists contend? If so, could there be other geniuses with similar claims that they received information from a higher realm while in a trance-like state? In the case of Leonardo da Vinci, in his writings he describes laying down on a bed in his room and taking a candle and placing the candle at the foot of the bed. And he would lie down on the bed and look at the flickering of the flame on the ceiling, and it would put him into a very, very deep state in which he would be able to imagine and come up with new ideas. Puccini said that his great opera Madame Butterfly was from God... that he wrote it down, but it came directly from a divine source. William Blake, whose entire opus, his writing and painting, was based on repeated angelic visitations. Brahms said that his music came from something beyond himself. We don't know if they're, in fact, receiving communication from some divine or powerful source beyond their own skin, or if they may be in touch with their own unconscious or deeper wisdom that they're not customarily hearing from. In the 1900s, Serbian-born inventor Nikola Tesla pioneered modern electrical engineering and was the driving force behind today's wireless technology. In his writings, Tesla describes his method of approaching a complex engineering problem. Nikola Tesla was someone who wrote extensively about using very, very powerful visualizations. In fact, he said that he was able to visualize a motor and then actually run research and development, R&D;, on the motor in his mind, so that he could tell where there might be, for example, mistakes or flaws. And he would be able to do almost all of that in his mind. in this altered states of consciousness. Nikola Tesla, he's a person who believes in the existence of extraterrestrial beings. He is a person who really believes that he can communicate with other galaxies. Perhaps the greatest piece of evidence that Tesla believed he was in communication with otherworldly beings can be found in a letter he sent to the American Red Cross in December of 1900. In the letter, he writes, "We have a message from another world, unknown and remote. It reads: One... two... three." Tesla was a genius with certain eccentricities. Everything he did was in threes. And it is interesting, I think, because this is a level of symbolism. When we realize that so many of our ancestors, whenever they are talking about communication with the divine, and how the divine downloaded this information to them, we see this rich layer of symbolism there as well. Why was Tesla so obsessed with the number three? Could this be a clue that Tesla was using his own internal form of wireless communication to connect with cosmic advisors, as ancient astronaut theorists believe? And could this also explain the remarkable genius of India's Srinivasa Ramanujan? Although Ramanujan was an unexceptional student, he is widely considered the greatest mathematician in history. And according to his journals, Ramanujan believed he was being guided subconsciously by an otherworldly being, the Hindu god Namagiri. Namagiri was the family deity of Ramanujan. And basically, everything the family did was linked with this deity. Much of his creative work was actually done by going to bed with an intention to be visited by a Hindu deity that he worshiped. And when he would fall asleep, he would become lucid in the dream time. And he would receive enormous amounts of information. In one particular dream, he talks about seeing a very large red wall and a hand that came out and wrote equation after equation after equation after equation. He memorized the equations, and when he woke up, he actually then went to work verifying the proofs. The vast majority of all of his equations were new and important and utterly groundbreaking. All of the science that we need to eventually be able to create portals, star gate travel, teleportation...it all needs a mathematical foundation. And the closest that we have right now is the Ramanujan equations that we've been able to decipher so far. It is an irrefutable fact that mathematics is the language of the universe. So if Ramanujan's formulae do, in fact, check out, who knows what the potential is of those conclusions? It could be life-altering. It could revolutionary. Is it only a coincidence that many of the greatest minds in human history claim to have received information from an otherworldly source? Or could it be possible that Socrates, Nikola Tesla, Srinivasa Ramanujan, as well as other geniuses in human history, were using altered states of consciousness to access an alien realm, a realm that some ancient astronaut theorists believe contains the entire knowledge of the universe? If so, where might this realm of knowledge exist? Perhaps answers can be found in Asia, within the pages of an ancient Hindu text. Angkor, Cambodia. Here in the northwestern jungle stands the largest Hindu temple in the world... Angkor Wat. Built in the 12th Century, the temple's design is meant to represent Mount Meru, a mythical mountain that exists in the cosmos that the Hindu believed was the center of the metaphysical universe. Numerous stone carvings adorn the walls of the temple, depicting scenes from the Hindu epic the Mahabharata. Within the pages of this ancient text of Hindu mythology, there is a description of a non-physical plane of existence in the universe called the Akashic Record. Akasha is actually a Sanskrit word. And the Akashic Record is a term that basically, the idea behind it is that all of the information in the universe is preexisting, and an individual can actually tap into that information. Our ancestors began to look more into this, and the Akashic Records came about. Basically, the notion is this. That somehow all the information, not just from mankind, but everywhere in the universe, is somehow accessible. Some cultures actually say that this information really is a gift of the gods, that they left this somehow behind for us to use at our own will. And we are able to download this information from this other realm, this hall of records, whatever you want to call it. An interesting thing to correlate with the Akashic Record might be from Star Wars, the Force. Some type of cosmic energy that's omnipresent, and we have the ability to tap into this. This is something very new in our own sciences... trying to discover and understand this field of knowledge. Is it possible that Albert Einstein's method of meditation, which he called his Thought Experiments, was actually connecting him to the Akashic Record? Could the Akashic Record be the source of inspiration behind the world's geniuses? If so, how could such a metaphysical plane of knowledge exist? Perhaps the answer can be found in one of Albert Einstein's many theories. In 1935, Albert Einstein published a paper describing quantum entanglement. It theorized that if a particle is split into two parts, both remain linked to one another, even when separated over vast distances. Experiments showed that two particles separated I space and time demonstrated a connectivity. If you changed the spin of one particle, the other particle would actually change its spin, as well. In other words, if something happens to one, the other responds in the same or an equal and opposite manner. And this occurs instantaneously. So it's a form of instantaneous communication. It's what Einstein referred to as spooky communication at a distance. What we have to remind ourselves is that we are made of stardust. Our whole body consists of material that has been here since before the beginning of time. And these particles that we consist of...each and every particle contain the knowledge of the universe. It's not only real, but it can explain to us so much weirdness in this world, which we still don't understand and call paranormal. And this would include the idea of telepathy and remote viewing. Remote viewing is the practice of using deep concentration to visualize locations or objects beyond sight and sound. Starting in the 1970s, the United States initiated a program called Project Star Gate to train individuals to access a higher realm of knowledge. Using controlled scientific settings, remote viewers attempted to sense unknown targets and then record their impressions on paper. The U.S. government have funded remote viewing programs, as did the Soviets, as have various other governments around the world. Remote viewing exercises have taken place for people to try and observe that which is on the moon, on Mars. And these are proper scientific programs, with accuracy. The U.S. Military remote viewing program has scientific protocols for how to do this. There are really specific techniques where an individual can put out a question or a query, and if they are in that altered state of consciousness, they will receive information. If you read the biographies of famous geniuses and things like that, each one of them has their own description for how to do this. Why would the government spend millions of dollars on all these advanced studies in areas like remote viewing unless there is some type of valid need to experiment with these types of technology? If we think about the fact that we're all pretty much made of the same elements in the universe, is there maybe some atomic level of energy that allows us to communicate and tap into knowledge that we're now starting to rediscover? Is it possible that remote viewers were attempting to replicate the meditative techniques behind Albert Einstein's thought experiments? Can this explain how remote viewers might possess the capability to transcend both sight and sound? Could Einstein's thought experiments be the inspiration behind the incredible breakthroughs of Socrates, Nikola Tesla, and other geniuses throughout history? All these different geniuses, Ramanujan, Tesla, Socrates, according to their own diaries, always said that they were in communication with some type of otherworldly entities. So, were all these people just crazy, or is it possible that the universe is far more complex than we think? Is it possible that mankind's greatest minds had the ability to access a realm of knowledge left behind by otherworldly beings? Could this be evidence that the Akashic Record actually exists, just as the ancient Hindu believed? And if a select few have the power to tap into this alien realm, does this mean that the extraterrestrials who created it can influence them as well? Albert Einstein's incredible legacy, which includes over 300 scientific papers, continues to influence the world over a half century since his death. And while Einstein redefined our understanding of the universe, perhaps his greatest contribution to mankind is still to come: time travel. It's Einstein's special theory of relativity, speed of light, and the general theory of relativity which allows for the real possibility of time travel. Some scientists today believe that Einstein's theory of relativity creates the possibility to travel through a portal or wormhole called an Einstein-Rosen bridge... a space anomaly that may actually be a gateway to parallel universes. In the theory of general relativity, space actually acts like something that you can bend and warp and make holes in. An Einstein-Rosen bridge is a particular example of a wormhole, and a wormhole is a structure in space and time that involves kind of tearing a hole in space, stretching the material... if you think of space being a material... and reconnecting it somewhere else. An Einstein-Rosen bridge takes two points in space and connects them so that if you travel in one end, you come out the other, even though those two points appear in different universes. It's essentially a teleporter, something that allows you to get between two distant places instantaneously. Could Einstein's theoretical wormhole actually serve as a portal to another universe, perhaps opening a gateway that will one day establish contact between humans and extraterrestrials? When we take a look at the idea that there are wormholes and that these are actually generally accepted by some of the most brilliant individuals on the planet, what you begin to see is that all of these pieces are in place to suggest that there is intelligent life elsewhere in the universe and that there is also the likelihood or possibility that we have had contact in the past or have ongoing contact now or may have contact in the future as well. Was Albert Einstein's monumental work actually a lifelong quest to establish contact with extraterrestrials? Did otherworldly beings provide him with information about how to transcend both space and time? If so, why? We find that the greatest discoveries across time and space don't come to hard work or intensive labor, but that really the genius somehow is able to access a realm and that that realm is able to pretty much download that information to them and makes them remember forever onwards as geniuses. In history you have certain people whose genius is just so incredible, it's like they're able to see the future, and they're not going to just influence the world then and in the future, but what they're going to do is going to dramatically change the world forever. We tend to think of civilization as this slow ebb of information, that somehow across the flow of time we have progressed, but really this is not the case. We have made giant strides forward because, at pockets in time, there were certain geniuses living. Are extraterrestrials accelerating the cognitive abilities of a select few to help further the development of human civilization, as some ancient astronaut theorists believe? Could this explain Albert Einstein's extraordinary neural anatomy? Is it only a coincidence that arguably the greatest mind in the history of the world had a higher concentration of glial cells and a wider parietal lobe than the average human brain and was as healthy as the brain of a young man when he died? That is extraordinary evidence. If we were able to study the brains of some of these other geniuses... Isaac Newton, Nikola Tesla, and perhaps now of someone like Stephen Hawking... I think we would find that their brains, too, are significantly different than a normal human's. There seems to be something within our DNA whereby we go in one direction and we seem to have a normal human being, but also certain things within our DNA are able to make us a genius, and definitely Einstein was one of them, but what makes this switch work is something which we have been completely incapable of answering. Were the greatest minds in human history receiving information from otherworldly beings? Are geniuses the link between us and them? Could Albert Einstein's thought experiments be the key to unlock the genius that exists in each and every one of us? If so, who will be the next Einstein? Where will he or she come from? And what new dimensions will they reveal to mankind? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 