Ancient Aliens: Season 2, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ancient Aliens 
 s2e9 - Alien Devastations - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ancient Aliens (2009–…): Season 2, Episode 9 - Alien Devastations - full transcript 
 From The History Channel : "If ancient aliens visited Earth, were they responsible for catastrophes, wars and other deadly disasters to control the fate of the human race? The story of the Great Flood sent by deities to destroy civilizations exists in many prehistoric cultures. There are ancient descriptions of extraterrestrial battles that caused wide-scale destruction, and even reports of UFOs lurking in the shadows of recent natural disasters. The Book of Revelations and the Dead Sea Scrolls describe a future apocalyptic battle between good and evil that will destroy our world. Are these ancient texts proof that aliens are hostile and planning a violent return? Or might they be our saviors, ensuring our survival as a species during times of devastation?" 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A great deluge, nearly wiping out every living thing on our planet's surface. Cosmic battles, waged over the skies of Germany. And geologic cataclysms, threatening the future of humanity. For centuries, mankind has faced almost every calamity imaginable. But are we at the mercy of natural forces? Or is there an even higher power at work? The aliens that apparently created us had the ability and the desire to keep human beings disunited. They can control us, and we cannot control them. That makes us a second-class species. If anything, they may be more violent than we are. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Millions of people around the world believe we have been visited in the past by extraterrestrial beings. What if it were true? Did ancient aliens really help to shape our history? If so, were they out to control us, to exterminate us or to prepare us for the future? # Ancient Aliens 2x09 # Alien Devastations Original Air Date on December 23, 2010 Tortuguero, Mexico. Within this archaeological site lies the ruins of a Maya city that once thrived from 250 to 900 AD. Among the many artifacts discovered here are examples of Maya script, also known as Maya hieroglyphs, a fully-developed written language. In April 2006, Mayanist scholar David Stuart deciphered 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 inscriptions that were found on what's known as Monument 6. Researchers believe the translated text provides further proof that the Mayas' Long Count calendar will end on December 21, 2012. According to Maya tradition, the gods will return at that date. And you can read... chiseled in stone... will descend with glory, god Bolon Yokte. Bolon Yokte was one of the Maya creator gods who created human intelligence. The ancient Mayans were attuned to higher wisdom, higher knowledge, and their forecast of December 21, 2012, the winter solstice, as a major marker in the Age of Earth was a true insight into what's coming. It is a marker of a change into a new age. The Maya civilization, established as early as 2000 BC, produced highly advanced architecture, agriculture, mathematics and astronomy. But ancient astronaut theorists believe the amazing accomplishments of the Maya may be due, in part, to contact with early extraterrestrials. And the ultimate proof, they say, is in the creation of the Maya calendar. GIORGIO A. Scholars agree upon one date when the calendar allegedly started, and that was the 11th of August, 3114 BC. In 3114 BC, the Maya did not even exist, so what compelled them to start their calendar in 3114 BC? According to the Chilam Balam book, which is the Book of the Jaguar Priests, at that time, the road to the stars descended from the sky, and the 13 and nine gods came to Earth. Right there, we have a direct reference to someone that has arrived from outer space. The Mayans were one of the civilizations that reported a very strong extraterrestrial presence. Their alien gods were very much involved in their society and their sciences. The thought here is that maybe this is a prophecy that was put there by the aliens, through the Mayans, in this calendar... that the world is going to end in the year 2012. Apocalypse. Armageddon. The End of Days. Embedded in numerous ancient cultures and religions around the world is the idea that civilization as we know it will come to a tumultuous end. Such apocalyptic beliefs are the driving force behind the final chapter of the Bible, called the Book of Revelation. According to the text, an angel of God appeared to the apostle John on the island of Patmos and shared with him visions of the future... that God would return in End Times to pass judgment on all humanity. The Book of Revelation tells the future of mankind, where angels appear over the Earth. And the angel will punish mankind. And earthquakes... thunderstorm... gigantic floods... and catastrophes on Earth. Further evidence of a prophesied Apocalypse was found in 1947 in arid caves high above the Judean desert. Archaeologists discovered nearly 900 documents believed to have been written in the time of Jesus. They are the Dead Sea Scrolls. Among them is one called the War Scroll that spells out in chilling detail a future apocalyptic war between the forces of light and dark. FATHER WILLIAM J. The Dead Sea Scrolls are talking about a war between good angels and bad angels. Invariably, in almost every ancient literature, you end up with these cosmic fights between the forces of good and the forces of... of evil. The idea that somehow the gods have different factions and they fight against each other has sometimes given rise to ideas like, uh, maybe there was an ancient, uh, war between alien factions visiting the Earth. That would have provided the visual imagery and the basic ideas for some of the ancient mythology. In Judeo-Christian and Islamic tradition, there was an idea that there will be some kind of final warfare when God defeats Satan once and for all. That's been interpreted by some people to say that the aliens will come back and they'll fight it out again one final time. But have these warnings of imminent war on Earth actually come from God? Or could they have originated from somewhere else? And if the forewarned Apocalypse were to occur, might it simply be part of a recurring cycle of natural phenomena? The Toba supervolcano, Indonesia. 75,000 years ago, this massive volcanic lake erupted, triggering a major climate change that nearly obliterated mankind. When you have one of these massive volcanic eruptions, what you have to worry about is the dust in the upper atmosphere, because that shields the sunlight, and the planet can cool. And if that lasts long enough, you can really mess with the life cycle of the organisms that are around at that time. Scientists call this an example of a genetic bottleneck... a catastrophic event that dramatically decreases the genetic diversity of a species. At least twice, Homo sapiens experienced such a genetic bottleneck effect where the worldwide population dwindled to as few as 3,000 Homo sapiens around the world. The same patterns of history just keep repeating themselves over and over again. And behind that pattern, we continue to see possibly an alien influence causing some of these events to happen. The flood stories are really very interesting. You find them in the Bible. What they all say is that this extraterrestrial race... the angels, the gods, whatever we want to call them today... they basically just got tired of humanity. They became noisy, rebellious. And it was just time to wipe them out. It's very possible that the aliens decided that in order to cleanse the planet, they needed to do things of huge magnitude, like the flood that the Bible talks about as Noah. God came down to him and said he was going to punish mankind. "Noah, you are good, and I want you to build this massive ark and collect all these animals, a male and female, and you put them in this boat and you float away. And you start all over again." When we come in the Bible and we see Noah, we find that he somehow knows the future, whereas nobody else on Earth seems to know this. But specifically, he has been given blueprints, somehow a device whereby he can survive this catastrophe. Now, that is something very specific, which singles Noah out as being a person who might have had exposure to ancient aliens. Maybe the extraterrestrials created some type of a catastrophe. But it's also possible that the flood itself was a natural disaster... and extraterrestrials warned the local population about this impending massive flood. Extraterrestrials ensured our continued survival. Could there be a reason why humans have survived such disasters time and time again? And is it really possible that the great flood and other cataclysmic extinction events were caused by extraterrestrials? If so, who are these destructive beings, and what is their ultimate purpose? Indonesia. 2004. A massive underwater earthquake produces a tsunami that kills over 230,000 people in 14 coastal countries. It was one of the deadliest natural disasters in recorded history. Geologists determine that the violent movement of tectonic plates on the floor of the Indian Ocean created lethal tidal waves measuring a height of nearly 100 feet. Tsunamis are basically super tidal waves. And it really comes down to, at its simplest level, is how much energy is put into the ocean at the point that generates the tidal wave. And the water gets displaced, and it actually forms a wave that can be very coherent and travel for large distances, and will eventually hit the shore somewhere. But just days before the disaster, several eyewitnesses reported seeing strange unidentified flying objects to the India Daily newspaper. People were reporting seeing bright lights in the sky prior to and during that tsunami. Scientists think that that's just maybe the tectonic plates are rubbing each other, and that there's so much friction that they're giving off a glow. Known as earthquake lights, mainstream scientists have been studying these phenomena since they were first photographed in Japan in the 1960s. But although there are many theories as to their cause, there has been, as yet, no viable explanation. What is becoming very apparent is that UFO activity and tectonic activity go hand in hand. Now, there are an awful lot of questions to be asked here and science needs to answer an awful lot of them. The central question is this: Is this UFO phenomenon just a byproduct of the tectonic activity? Iceland. April, 2010. One of the country's largest volcanoes erupts for the first time in nearly two centuries. In the aftermath of the blast, Sky News captured footage of an unusual V-shaped flying object amongst the plume of smoke and ash. An awful lot of video material was taken of this volcanic eruption. And some of it clearly shows an anomalous object hovering roughly around the volcano. This object is clearly under intelligent control. And from what we see on the video, it's also apparent that this isn't birds, as some skeptics have been trying to argue. According to scientists, volcanic eruptions are natural events that occur when rocks deep within the Earth become so hot, they melt and form magma. Basically, you build up a lot of pressure in the magma in the location where the volcano is, and it has a point where it can release, and then that magma and the hot gases and the hot lava all kind of erupt out through the top. Still, some researchers believe there is a high correlation between catastrophic events and the appearance of UFOs. The fact that we have UFOs before and sometimes during these events, whether it's tsunami or earthquakes, clearly shows that something is present. Now, the question is: are they just monitoring it or are they actually somehow involved with it? Are they causing it? Is there a way that you can trigger a volcano? For example, let's say it's sort of on the verge anyway. Is there something you can do technologically to either trigger it or to make it worse? We don't know. We just see this apparent foreknowledge of an event like that happening. The UFO shows up, the event happens. According to ancient astronaut theorists, alien spacecraft have been spotted at or near the sites of so-called natural catastrophes since ancient times. But why? Is it possible extraterrestrials are merely curious about geologic events on Earth? Or could there be another, perhaps more sinister, motive for their interest? April 14, 1561... Nuremberg, Germany. Citizens awoke at dawn to the spectacle of cylindrical objects appearing in the sky from which red, black, orange and blue disks emerged. According to eyewitness accounts recorded in the Nuremberg Gazette, tubes resembling cannon barrels also appeared and the objects began to "fight one another." After about an hour of battle, the entities seemed to catch fire and fell to Earth, where they turned to steam. Five years later, Austrian architect Hans Glaser created a woodcut detailing what he observed during the famous event. In that woodcut and in the eyewitness reports, we actually see UFOs in battle. They were reported actually fighting each other, shooting each other down. If you look at the bottom right-hand corner of the woodcut, you will actually see a couple of circles in the ground, giving off smoke. They've obviously crashed. They have been shot down. That is very interesting, because it shows that the pattern of aggression amongst the UFOs, has been going on for a long time. To some ancient astronaut theorists, the 540 year-old woodcut is evidence of an alien cosmic war. And in fact, they claim similar hostile events have occurred in human history for millenia. The evidence from the record, from eyewitness testimony, shows a connection between the UFO and a thinning effort, where there's apparently a wanton intention to wipe out or thin out the human race. For example, during the plague years, there were a lot of UFO reports about bright lights in the sky that were spreading gas. And people were reporting that these gasses were actually the cause of the plague. But could there really be a connection between eyewitness accounts of alien space wars and the recent sightings of UFOs during Earth's so-called natural catastrophes? And is there any proof that alien visitors are involved in creating cataclysmic events in a sinister effort to control or "thin out" Earth's population? Perhaps the answer can be found in Florence, Italy among the diaries and secret papers of one of the world's most brilliant and mysterious men... Leonardo da Vinci. 2005, Florence, Italy. Beyond a hidden staircase in the Santissima Annunziata convent, researchers from Italy's Military Geographical Institute discover the secret workshop of Leonardo da Vinci. He was the true archetypal Renaissance man: brilliant painter, brilliant inventor, brilliant poet, ambidextrous, could write with his left hand and his right hand at the same time. Wrote backwards instead of forwards. A very interesting guy. Though da Vinci is renowned for his public paintings like the Mona Lisa and The Last Supper, ancient astronaut theorists are more intrigued by his private notebooks that contain sketches of futuristic military technology, including machine guns, tanks, helicopters and even submarines. It clearly seems that Leonardo da Vinci was privy to a series of secrets that had been handed down for many, many thousands of years. Da Vinci may also have actually been contacted by human-like extraterrestrials who either spoke to him in person or perhaps telepathically and inspired him to do so many different things. We do know, for example, that one of his inventions was a circular car. It looks kind of like a UFO. Now, he's also into inventing weapons. And did that come from the fact that, the UFO has demonstrated, basically, some aggressiveness, and did some of that maybe in some way rub off on him? Were they trying to give him weapons that could be used to destroy life on Earth? That could have been possible. But if Leonardo da Vinci did have knowledge of advanced weaponry, might he have learned of it through observation and study? Or was this knowledge given to him by another, perhaps extraterrestrial, source? There is this book of prophesies which is a very rare book, and in there are some type of descriptions that could indicate some type of an extraterrestrial visitation. There are references in which da Vinci himself says that he's had these encounters, these visions of God and angels. And of course, according to the ancient astronaut hypothesis, that wasn't God, it wasn't angels. They were extraterrestrials. Is it possible that over the centuries, extraterrestrials have been partnering with human collaborators; human beings entrusted with the kind of advanced scientific knowledge that would allow mankind to leap over centuries of normal intellectual evolution? To ancient astronaut theorists, the fact that mankind had gone from the horse and buggy to the Moon in less than 100 years makes such a notion not only possible, but entirely probable. In our development, all of a sudden we've made a quantum leap, where we were sitting in caves munching on bananas, and the next thing we do is we're building pyramids, virtually overnight. And so that quantum leap can be explained with a direct extraterrestrial intervention of our past. And the visitors are the ones who are revered as gods, who seem to come on flying shields or silver boats or any of the various descriptions of extraterrestrial technology that you see in these ancient legends, and they consistently are trying to cultivate humanity in a direction that's beneficial for everyone. There are many who believe extraterrestrial visitors might have provided intellectual inspiration to men like Albert Einstein, whose theories of relativity opened the door for the possibility of future travels through space and time... J. Robert Oppenheimer, whose research in the field of theoretical physics resulted in the development of atomic weapons... Werner Von Braun... whose innovations in advanced rocket technology led to the modern- day space program. When we look into the lives and the motivations as to Werner Von Braun and to why he wanted to take mankind into outer space, we are confronted with the fact that he was absolutely convinced that we had gone there before or that an ancient civilization had come from there to Earth. These people were motivated, and specifically, they wanted to take us to space because they were convinced that somehow they would find something which would completely change planet Earth. Then there is Nikola Tesla, whose experiments with electricity led to everything from satellite technology and robotics to what some would term a "death ray." The Tesla death ray, Tesla said, could annihilate an army of 100,000 soldiers at once, and could melt an aircraft engine from 250 miles away. When the FBI investigated Tesla's murder, they found documentation that the Tesla death ray was in development at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in 1943. Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, 1943? Where was the Roswell flying saucer taken? Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. So we have a connection to that weapon. Is it possible that Nikola Tesla's scientific achievements could have been influenced by alien intelligence? Might other human geniuses throughout time have served as human gateways, allowing extraterrestrials to jump-start our technological advances? If the answer is yes, then what are we being prepared for? And might there be a connection between mankind's intellectual and scientific advancements, and the so-called natural disasters that threaten to wipe entire populations off the face of the Earth? The Omo River, Ethiopia. Flowing south 400 miles into Lake Turkana, the banks of this river are rich in hominid fossil fragments, including those of chimpanzees, gorillas and early humanoids. Here in 1967, paleoanthropologist Richard Leakey unearthed two partial human skulls. The remains date as far back as 195,000 years ago, making the fossils the oldest evidence of modern humans, or Homo sapiens. We are constantly still finding new breakthroughs and either more complete skeletons or a more complete site. If we look at the fossil record, at some point eventually you find common ancestors with chimpanzees. You go back really close and you have Neanderthal and Cro-Magnon man. And we came out of Cro-Magnon man, and the Neanderthals die out. And it's a really interesting mystery to try and piece together why were we more successful than they were. We are the only one who came out of the family tree with culture. Why? Evolution says by coincidence. We have adapted as best. I say no. It was an artificial mutation made out of the family tree. And then overnight, we were building pyramids, Sumeria was created, all those different high achievements were done virtually overnight. So this quantum leap in development, this big bang of knowledge or intelligence, all of a sudden happened. And the ancient astronaut theory suggests that this is a direct result of extraterrestrials tampering with our DNA. So we're half human and half extraterrestrial. We're hybrids. We have an incredible wealth of information, in stone, preserved from ancient times, that can lead us in a direction of really knowing that the ancient ancestors of modern humans were not simply born on Earth but came here from somewhere else. But if extraterrestrials arrived here in the distant past, who were they? And why did they come here? Ancient astronaut theorists believe answers exist in early Sumerian texts. In 1849, British archaeologist Austen Henry Layard discovered 22,000 clay tablets in the ancient Sumerian city of Nineveh, in an area now known as Iraq. The tablets contain cuneiform script, believed to be the earliest writing system, created by the Sumerians 6,000 years ago. Author Zecharia Sitchin spent more than 30 years translating these Sumerian clay tablets. In his 1976 book The 12th Planet, Sitchin claims the cuneiform texts describe an alien race named the Anunnaki, who came to Earth from an undiscovered planet in our solar system beyond Neptune called Nibiru. They explained to the Sumerians that through their own rise to a technological culture, they damaged their atmosphere. And they came here seeking gold and precious elements to repair their planet's dwindling atmosphere. According to Sitchin, the Anunnaki first visited Earth 450,000 years ago, during the age of Neanderthals. And they created Homo sapiens through genetic engineering to create a species to work and mine precious minerals for them. Our forefathers believed that they were gods. And they were here on purpose. They wanted to make our primitive generation, at that time, intelligent. They wanted to plant curiosity into our brain. And we became more developed in technology, in astronomy, in every field. That's what they wanted. The question is: why? When you look at the ancient creation stories, you find that what they said about our position as Homo sapiens is that we were created to be a slave race, or a work race. According to Sitchin's interpretation of the ancient tablets, the human civilization in Sumer was set up under the guidance of the Anunnaki. And to disguise alien manipulation, human kings were inaugurated to provide intermediaries between mankind and their so-called gods. Then, around 3,000 B.C. , humans began building stone monuments, such as Stonehenge and the Egyptian pyramids. For mainstream historians, the physical ability and know-how to construct these megalithic sites remains a mystery. But ancient astronaut theorists contend that megaton stone monuments were erected by human laborers aided with alien technology. And what do the ancient texts say about ancient Sumeria? That none of this could've been possible without the help of the gods, or in their case, the Anunnaki, which means "those who from the heavens came." Many cultures had a time when they interacted with their living gods. So who were those gods? In my mind, they were misrepresented advanced extraterrestrials, and they brought forth the technology to build the monuments we see, such as Giza or all across Bolivia, Peru and South America. Sitchin's interpretations of the Sumerian tablets further claim the ancient Anunnaki astronauts carried out breeding experiments to improve the species of laborers. But to keep the human population at bay and correct genetic mistakes, the aliens orchestrated so-called natural catastrophes. The Anunnaki saw the Neanderthal man naturally evolving here on Earth and just decided to put their genetic marker on it. Meaning, they took 80% of their genes and 20% of the hominoid that was here and created us in their image and after their likeness. And this was essentially when modern humanity was born and starts to show up in the fossil record. It wasn't until 75,000 years ago that you have this super volcano that goes off in Lake Toba. And in the aftermath of that great cataclysm, it appears that we went through further genetic modifications. Very, very powerful ETs came in and upgraded our DNA. They probably figured, "You know, there's something wrong with this species." So, they probably create these disasters like the flood. And then of course, there's always that biblical perspective, and people believe God did it. Well, God could have been the extraterrestrials, could have created that somehow. It's very possible and very likely that in order to eradicate a species, that they may have genetically altered themselves and screwed up with, that they needed to get rid of them and start all over again. The ultimate proof for the ancient astronaut theory will not be in a megalithic site. It won't be finding a crashed spaceship. But it will be found deep within our genes. And that is exactly what the ancient texts are saying... that we were created in the image of the gods. Though more than 20,000 genes have been identified in the human genome, scientists worldwide have only begun to understand the origins of man. As geneticists continue to study our DNA, might they find traces of an alien species in our genes? And if Homo sapiens were genetically engineered by aliens, might they continue to shape our existence? Elbert County, Georgia. Four 18-foot-tall granite stones form a mysterious monument some call the American Stonehenge. Engraved in the giant stones in 12 languages are ten guides or commandments suggesting how to rebuild civilization after the apocalypse. Known as the Georgia Guide Stones, the monument was built in 1979 by an unknown man going by the pseudonym "R.C. Christian." Some people have a theory that whoever put those guide stones up was either a Freemason or that the name R.C. Christian was really a way to parrot the fictional founder of Rosicrucianism centuries earlier. When you trace them back to the ancient gods who wore the same symbolic aprons, they were the ancient aliens that we now talk about. Was the monument secretly built by followers of Rosicrucianism; an ancient society of mystics and philosophers who were inspired by the religions of the Far East? If so, might the stones contain coded messages intended to prepare us for the imminent apocalypse? Perhaps. But to some ancient astronaut theorists, warnings of an impending apocalypse are meant to caution human beings against the very real prospect of an alien invasion... or worse. Perhaps the examination, vivisection and eventual annihilation of all human life on our planet. Since the late 19th century, modern reports of aliens abducting and probing humans have numbered in the tens of thousands. Researcher David M. Jacobs has spent more than 40 years studying so-called abductees and their alien encounters through the use of hypnosis. The preponderance of evidence of person after person saying the same thing to me, things that I could never have imagined being thought up... then I began to realize, "Oh, my God, this is actually happening." And I was dumbstruck by the fact that this was convincing evidence. What Dr. Jacobs has reported is that what the aliens seem to have been doing for these least 40 years, perhaps longer, is that when they abduct people, it's not just an experiment. They are actually engaged in a very intense, very involved program of genetic breeding where they are breeding hybrids. The abductees that he's been talking to... according to him... have gotten to the point of this massive program of creating hybrids where now the hybrids look like us quite a bit. But behaviorally, psychologically, they are still alien. Jacobs claims alien-human hybrids can communicate telepathically and dictate human thoughts neurologically. These beings can put ideas, images in people's minds quite easily. Therefore, what people describe is that they can be controlled on a number of different levels by the minds of these other beings. Since 2003, abductees have supposedly been reporting to Jacobs that the hybrids were being integrated into society, unnoticed by humans. To me, this is possible evidence of the plan to do another thinning; to kind of make room for this new jump from modern Homo sapiens to whatever we're gonna call this new Homo sapiens. That is the potential future apocalypse involving the alien presence. And that's where I see some danger signs. Some people think that these beings are benevolent, that they are here to help us, to stop war, cure cancer, that they are here for reasons that have everything to do with us and very little to do with them. I don't see benevolence here. I don't see malevolence. But I see the furthering of an alien agenda of which we do not know the future. Some people have theorized that the creation of an alien hybrid race might be a way of accomplishing a better age on Earth. And there are some abductees who even bring back predictions that there will be a time called "The Change" when there will be aliens and humans living together on Earth as if it were a return of the age of paradise. There are others who think that they are coming to create a better Earth. Some think they are coming to take over the Earth. We really don't know the alien agenda. We do know that they have been telling abductees for a long time that soon everybody will be happy. Soon everyone will know their place. Soon we will all be together. This has been going on for thousands of years with the creation of Homo sapiens. I mean, from the very get-go. So to suggest that now is the time where, you know, a new hybrid extraterrestrial Homo sapiens will emerge in this new age of consciousness... No, no, it won't. We already are hybrids. We already are part extraterrestrial and part human. Human and alien hybrids? Extraterrestrial engineering designed to weed out excessive population growth? Or perhaps to exterminate inferior genetic strains? Might geological catastrophes and meteorological calamities be the work of unseen, perhaps alien, hands? For skeptics, the answer is a resounding "no". But with the end of the Mayan calendar looming in 2012, could all of our questions about the alien agenda finally be answered? Perhaps only those of us who survive on that date will ever learn the truth. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 