Ask the Doctor: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ask the Doctor 
 s1e12 - Sex - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ask the Doctor (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 12 - Sex - full transcript 
 Dr Shalin Naik examines the extent of male infertility, Dr Sandro Demaio reveals the raw truth about sexual disease in our communities and Dr Renee Lim explores the various contraceptives available. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Dr Shalin Naik] Making love. Intercourse. Fornication. Whatever you like to call it, most adults are doing it. But it's an activity we still don't often talk about. [springs creak] In this episode, we lift the lid on what's really going on under the covers and we answer questions you didn't even know to ask. Renee finds out there's more to contraception than we ever knew. Most women aren't really aware of them once they're in there. Funny that you say that, because it doesn't look like it would be that enjoyable! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sandro reveals the state of our sexual transmissions. It's estimated that 1 in 20 now carry the infection. I discover options available to men suffering infertility... It's basically changed the whole ballgame for men. You're literally putting your balls on the line. That's one way of putting it! And I meet someone who's found a way to increase his chances of conception. I can't wait to see Nathan holding his child for the first time. Yeah, the reward's gonna be there at the end. It's gonna be great. [Dr Renee] So, sex is a natural physical activity that humans participate in regularly and while its primary purpose may be procreation, for many of us, we just do it for fun. [women laugh] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But sex for fun wasn't always the socially acceptable norm it is today. For women in particular, sex usually meant one thing. [screaming] But thanks to a feminist philanthropist who funded the development of a hormonal contraceptive, followed by a sexual revolution, all women, regardless of marital status, were given control of their own fertility. We now know it simply as 'the pill' but this liberation has come at a cost. Historically, women have been expected to bear the burden of preventing unwanted pregnancies but for some, the side effects of the contraceptive pill actually can outweigh its benefits. When a woman is pregnant, her body is flooded with hormones that prevent her from ovulating. The combined pill contains a synthetic form of oestrogen and progesterone to mimic this process, essentially putting ovaries to sleep. If there's no egg to fertilise, there'll be no pregnancy. However, there are side effects, like cramps, nausea, breast tenderness and mood swings and combined with cigarettes, the risk of forming deadly blood clots in the lungs is increased. 30-year-old Marli first went on the pill when she was 14 but stopped taking it a year ago. So, in hindsight, then, how did the pill affect you? The big thing for me, probably, was it made me feel a lot more down. Marli isn't alone in feeling this way. A 2016 study of more than a million women found an association between hormonal contraception and an increased risk of depression. [Marli] I'm a very social person, so being depressed generally equates to me... drinking a lot, being hung-over a lot. - Mm-hm. - On that down-time when I am at home, probably I'm crying, um, not getting out of bed. [Dr Renee] There are lots of contraceptives available to women but many of them use the same hormones as the pill and therefore are inappropriate for Marli. Condoms are the only method that prevents sexually transmitted infection but they can fail and a back-up contraceptive is a good idea. So I've arranged a visitor who knows all the options available. Dr Kathleen McNamee is the medical director at Family Planning Victoria. She also rather enjoys... audio books. And she's brought along some of her best suggestions for Marli. Well, there aren't a huge number of non-hormonal methods but this one's a diaphragm. It's a single size, so it's going to suit about 85% of women. It sort of goes in your vagina and covers the cervix and blocks the sperm from getting through. You need to leave it in for about six hours after having sex, so the sperm die off in your vagina. - Wow. [all laugh] You also need to use a special gel with it, every time you use it. - Yeah. No, yeah. Strange. - Yeah. - No. [all laugh] [Dr McNamee] Um, this is a female condom. - Um... [Marli] I was wondering what it was. - Like a very, very big male condom. - Yes. Um, the ring just helps you insert it. It doesn't have to go any special place. So it's fairly strong. It's pre-lubricated. The main problem with them is that sometimes the penis goes in underneath, - so you have to guide it into the condom. - Ah, yeah. But they're around about $3.30 each, so they're quite expensive and they're only single-use. I was gonna say, so they're not re-usable? - No. [laughs] You can put it in quite a few hours beforehand, if you think you're gonna have sex later on in the evening or the day. And are they comfortable? Can you feel them? They're generally pretty comfortable. Most women aren't really aware of them once they're in there. It's funny that you say that, 'cause it doesn't look like it would be that enjoyable. [all laugh] [Dr Renee] But there is a method that may suit Marli better. The copper IUD is probably the best one that's available. It's, like, a little plastic-and-copper device, um, and I know it sounds really weird but it actually goes into your uterus. There is a bit of pain and a bit of cramping for a few days afterwards but it's an extremely effective method of contraception. - Lasts for 5 to 10 years... - Wow. ...depending on what type we put in, yeah. - Do you mind? - Yeah, have a look, yeah. But the main problem with it is it does make your periods heavier. - They're around about 50% heavier. - Mmm. How exactly does it work? Mostly it kills off sperm - the copper's a bit toxic to the sperm. If the sperm gets through, it kills off eggs and if the egg gets through, it stops it from sticking to the wall of the womb but I suppose the big advantage of that, compared to the other non-hormonal methods, - is it's just way, way more effective. - Yeah. [Dr Renee] There are other contraceptives available. Contraceptive implants, inserted under the bicep, and hormonal IUDs will both last around three years but for women like Marli, non-hormonal IUDs are a better option. - Would you consider it? - Yeah, I would. Out of... out of those options, the IUD is definitely... probably the most attractive option. - Yeah. Mmm. - If 'attractive' is the word. [all laugh] [Dr Renee] But as we all know, it takes two to tango. Yet there are still a lot more contraception options for women than men. So, why the discrepancy between the sexes? Not many know that actually, researchers have been looking into male contraception for a number of years and yet they've never made it to market. The question is, why? One man who is trying to balance the ledger is Professor Robert McLachlan. - Nice to meet you. - Thanks for coming. - Thank you so much for your time. - My Pleasure. He's a leading endocrinologist with Monash IVF, specialising in male contraception. So, Rob, what do you actually mean when you say, "male contraception"? Well, male hormonal contraception is really quite similar to the female hormonal approach. In the case of the male, we use testosterone, which is the normal male sex hormone, plus a little progestin at the same time and together, they really shut down the brain's drive to the testicle, so it stops making sperm and it stops making testosterone. Probably 95% of men who get the testosterone-progestin combination get a zero sperm count, or close to zero, which is adequate to give them protection, so it is effective. I suppose the big question is, why haven't we got the male contraception to market? There have been some issues in the studies. There was a very large international study, involving Melbourne and Sydney and eight other places around the world, about 400 couples and there were some mood problems in some of the men, some depression and one of the committees that was overseeing that study said, "You know, I think we should stop." Now, of course, when I talk to my female contraceptive colleagues about mood changes, they say, "Yes, of course." You're always going to get that sort of issue on occasion. But the extent of that has to be worked through a bit further. [Dr Renee] Another stumbling block is that it would be an injection, administered every eight weeks. Although that study was cancelled, the professor still believes there's a real need. Why do think it's important for us to make this? The need is for those couples in whom the female partner can't or is unwilling to take female methods and if you are exposing yourself, a couple, to unwanted pregnancy because there's nothing available for you, that's a problem. From an ethical, a moral point of view, there's a compelling reason to do it. [Dr Renee] If you're choosing a method of contraception, you need to consider a number of things. Your general health, lifestyle, the relationship you're in and both your current and future needs. And not all contraception is created equal. If male condoms are used perfectly, they can protect against sexually transmitted infections but they still result in 2 in 100 unintended pregnancies each year. The pill, although effective, still has around a 7 in 100 chance of pregnancy, mostly due to human error. For diaphragms, it's 18 in 100 and with female condoms, it's 22 in 100. But with IUD implants, there is a 1 in 10,000 chance of pregnancy. It's also important to weigh up both the benefits and the side effects of the different methods. But most importantly, remember, it's always up to you. When it comes to contraception, there's no one-size-fits-all solution and with so much uncertainty around the subject, we took to social media to ask: [Dr Shalin] Being recently married, I'm starting to think about the next step, having children. But what if it's not just a done deal? About 15% of couples fail to conceive in the first 12 months of trying, making them officially infertile, according to World Health Organisation guidelines. And while we all know there's a relatively short window of opportunity for women trying to conceive, what about the limitations for men? Dr le-wen Sim is an endocrinologist and fertility expert, whose interest in reproduction could explain his other great love, Babushka dolls. As many as half of the patients Dr le-wen sees are struggling with male infertility, something that's as surprising to me as it often is to them. So, what are the main barriers for men seeking help with fertility problems? The first issue is recognising that the man can be part of the problem, so actually looking and actually thinking about it. The second aspect is that the men are not very good at seeking medical help at the best of times and especially when you're talking about manliness and manhood, that's obviously a very confronting issue for men. Yeah. A man's fertility declines over a lifetime. After around the age of 50, sperm can become less efficient and carry compromised DNA, associated with a high risk of autism, schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Plus, men are more likely than women to transmit mutations to their children. When the fertility problem does lie with the man, what are the most common causes? The predominant cause, in probably about 60% of male infertility, is due to the sperm factory, or the testis, not producing good enough sperm, not in big enough numbers, not good quality sperm. And then the other issue is sort of a plumbing, or transport issue, so you could make good sperm but if the sperm can't get there for blockages, so if the tubing, or the vas deferens, is blocked, or it doesn't exist -- which, that sometimes happens -- then obviously, you're not going to get the sperm to where you need to get it to. Right. Since sperm production disorders can be genetic and difficult to treat, new technology, called microdissection testicular sperm extraction, or microTESE, is bringing hope. It works by harvesting sperm from hard-to-find places and using it with IVF. If we think of it, the testicle is basically a big sperm factory, so it's basically a long tube. You can actually go in there in an operation, unwind the testis and under a microscope, you can actually look for the swollen bits where the sperm's being produced - and actually take those bits out. - Wow. It is an invasive procedure -- it makes you cringe when you think about it. You're literally putting your balls on the line. That's one way of putting it. But it is a procedure that means that men who, you never see any sperm otherwise and would never have been able to conceive, in fact, now they have a chance. Wow. It's one of those procedures that has basically changed the whole ballgame for men. [Dr Shalin] Literally! But not all treatments are as confronting as microTESE. In fact, many of Dr le-wen's patients are finding a thorough lifestyle overhaul can have an impact on fertility. And while changing everything you eat and do isn't easy, it might make all the difference. I'm about to meet someone who's taken on all of Dr le-wen's advice and he's happy to share his encouraging news. - G'day, mate. How you goin'? - Good. How are you? - It's Nathan, is it? - Yeah, mate. How are you? - Shalin. - Come in, mate. Let's go. So, this is Jessica, my lovely wife. After unsuccessful attempts to get pregnant and with female infertility ruled out, Jessica and husband Nathan's next step was a sperm test at Dr le-wen's clinic. Basically, I had the tests done and they weren't moving properly - they were just going round in circles, instead of making a beeline to where they're mean to go to. - Really? - So... Yeah. - So they weren't swimming very well. - Pretty much, yeah. So you had plenty of sperm, the little guys. Lots of little guys. Yeah, lots of little guys but they just weren't moving properly or they were a bit deformed. - Did they have tails? - Uh, some did, dome didn't. - Ah, right. - So, yes. There was a small percentage that were okay but they were just a bit slow, so, yeah. [Dr Shalin] A large number of deformed sperm isn't unusual. Of the 200 to 500 million sperm in the average ejaculate, as few as 4% will be functional. But the numbers and quality of Nathan's sperm were slightly down, with a compromise in progressive motility, the ability of sperm to swim straight. - He said that it was fixable... - Yeah. ...which I thought was great, so, um, he pretty much explained to me, like, cigarette smoking, heat, blood flow, um, eating a bit better as well, losing a little bit of weight would be really beneficial towards making them healthy again. Yeah. - But definitely the cigarettes was... - Smoking? - Yeah, they were the big one. - So, what were you smoking - and what are you doing these days? - Uh, cigarettes. So... - Yeah. Oh, sorry! - Yeah. - How many were you... [both laugh] "What were you smoking?" [laughs] So, um, the smoking was the big thing and the one that I always sort of thought was a myth was the blood flow and the tight underwear and tight jeans and stuff like that. Not that I was a big wearer of tight jeans but I thought that one was always a bit of a myth and also the heat one, like having the laptop on your lap. - Right. - Yeah, I was... - That's something we all do. - Didn't know heat was... Yeah. Yeah, so now I've gotta have the pillow under it or have it up on the bench and, you know, go from there. [Dr Shalin] Optimal temperatures for sperm production are lower than standard body temperature. That's why testicles hang in the cool, fresh air to begin with. - Gotta keep those guys happy. - Yeah, you do. - You've gotta keep 'em cool. [both laugh] Nathan and Jessica began their lifestyle overhaul together and a few months down the track, are already seeing results. Tests are now showing Nathan's sperm is both healthier and more mobile. And how did you feel when you saw the fertility improving, with the lifestyle changes? - So relieved. - It was great. It was really, really good, so we were happy to see improvement. We're happy to see reward for our effort. Like, "Yes, this is working!" Yeah, and it sort of gave us more motivation to continue on with it. And what does having kids mean to you? [Jessica] Life itself. Seeing all our friends and family with kids, watching them grow up, it's just so much this... We've got so much love for them, we can't imagine how much love we'd have for our own kids. [Nathan] Yeah. It's worth all the lifestyle changes, it's worth all the waking up cranky in the morning, wanting a cigarette but knowing you can't have one. [Dr Shalin] And what's the thing you're most looking forward to, being parents? I can't wait to see Nathan holding his child for the first time, just to see that look on his face. Yeah, the reward's gonna be there at the end. It's gonna be great. [Dr Shalin] It's amazing to think such simple lifestyle changes can have an impact on male infertility, because as many as 1 in 20 of us men will have problems conceiving. I honestly didn't realise just how much fertility problems can be due to the male but it is good to know that there are things we can do about it. [Dr Sandro] If you take a conservative estimate and assume the world's 7.5 billion people are having sex once a week for around half their lifespan, then in the time it takes me to tell you this story, 750,000 of them will begin to have sex. But how much of that sex is safe? It's a critical question, because evidence suggests condom use is in decline and sexually transmitted infections are on the rise. While these figures can be partly attributed to an increase in testing, it's still a big cause for concern. Let's start with chlamydia. It's estimated that 1 in 20 15-to 29-year-olds now carry the infection. And because many people don't get any symptoms, 72% of all new cases go undiagnosed and untreated. But it's not the only STI on the up. Gonorrhoea rates doubled in men and women between 2006 and 2015. Now, it's a disease that's usually treatable with antibiotics but with the recent rise of antibiotic-resistant gonorrhoea, it could be untreatable in the future, which is alarming, because this is a disease that, at its worst, can cause septicaemia and be fatal. If there's a bright light in all this, it's that new HIV infections are on the decline globally. So here's the bottom line. If you're not having safe sex, you're not safe. So, regardless of sexual preference, the best advice is still... to keep it covered. But keeping it covered wasn't always as easy as it is today. Condoms have come in various forms for hundreds of years. The linen sheaths developed in Ancient Egypt were eventually replaced with lamb's intestines, introduced by King Charles II in the 18th century. By the mid-20th century, the English had developed a rubber condom... and it was re-usable. But it was in the 1920s latex revolutionised the condom. The discovery of HIV in the 1980s increased their popularity and now around 15 billion condoms are produced every year. A far cry from the lamb's intestine, the latex condom is formed in a glass mould before being thoroughly tested. To pass muster, they need to withstand the leak test, where they're filled with water and suspended for around a minute. And for the burst test, they're filled with a minimum of 18 litres of air. Just one pop and your whole batch fails. [Dr Shalin] But before we can use a condom for its intended use, there's a physical process that needs to happen. Hmm? But did you know that one in five of us blokes have erectile problems once we hit 40? And 1 in 10 can't get it up at all. And the older we get, the more of a problem this is. Some medicines, illness and accidents can cause erectile problems, as can stress and depression. Clogged arteries are also a common cause of erectile dysfunction and for many of these cases, it can be the first hint of cardiovascular disease. But it's not all doom and gloom when we find ourselves 180 degrees shy of heaven. There are ways we can actually improve our erectile prowess. A recent study found that eating lots of flavonoid-rich foods, like kale, berries, cherries, grapes, apples and citrus fruit, brought about a reduction in the risk of erectile dysfunction. Research suggests that flavonoid consumption improves arterial flexibility and therefore enhances the blood flow needed to get an erection. And it turns out a good, old-fashioned cardio workout also helps in a number of ways, including boosting blood flow and helping you lose weight and stress less. Giving up smoking will also really help. And if you're really game, there are always these. Vacuum pumps use pressure to enhance blood-flow to the penis. No, really -- they do. And I bet you always thought of pelvic floor exercises as just for women but it turns out they can also help improve male sexual performance. And all you have to do is squeeze, as though you were stopping a wee, for three seconds at a time, any time, anywhere. [ding!] - Doin' it. Doing it. Doing it. Still doin' it! So, once everything is in working order: [Dr Renee] We've all been through it but have you ever wondered what's actually going on in your body when your heart is broken? [glass shattering] To find out, we start with that first moment we fell head over heels. When every breath made us sigh and think of our beloved. This behaviour is triggered by a flood of neurotransmitters in our brains. One of these, dopamine, makes us feel good and creates a powerful craving for more. While this craving for our lover does settle over time, when they're taken away in a break-up, the brain is left looking for its regular feel-good fix and the cravings kick back in. Then there's the pain of a break-up -- and not just the emotional distress. Studies have shown that the same parts of the brain that tell the body how to react to physical pain become active after a break-up and can trigger the release of stress hormones... [howling] ...similar to when we're in danger. The overwhelming feeling of longing created by the lack of dopamine, combined with these stress hormones, are a possible explanation for the distinct feeling of a broken heart. But the painful feelings do eventually fade away, allowing us to move on and maybe even find love again. [Dr Shalin] Well, it's good to know the old saying, "Time heals a broken heart," is actually based on scientific evidence. Sexual health is something we don't often talk about but it's reassuring to learn there's many things we can do to actually improve our well-being in this area. If the hormonal pill isn't for you, there are alternatives. - Would you consider it? - Yeah, I would. Out of those options, the IUD is definitely the most attractive option. One day there may be a male contraception that doesn't involve latex. From an ethical, a moral point of view, there's a compelling reason to do it. [man] Lift-off. We have lift-off. [Dr Shalin] And if you find your missiles aren't hitting your desired target, quitting smoking, exercising and improving your diet will make a difference. So, how did that make you feel, when suddenly they were swimming again? Happier. A little bit more hope. Um... So they're off the diesel and onto the rocket fuel. Yeah, exactly right. Yeah. The most important thing to remember is that as consenting adults, along with the joys of sex, there can be repercussions, so remember to protect your health by practising safely. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 