Ask the Doctor: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ask the Doctor 
 s1e9 - Gut - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ask the Doctor (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Gut - full transcript 
 The doctors investigate the role our digestive system plays in our health - Dr Sandro Demaio reveals the contents of our gut and which body functions are supported by the 40 trillion microbes that live there. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Dr Shalin Naik] Whether we've eaten something bad or have a gut reaction of a more emotional kind, our belly is a pretty good barometer of when something is not quite right. So it should come as no surprise to learn that our gut contains millions of neurons and is sometimes called the second brain. But what really goes on down there? And how much attention should we pay to it? In this episode, we ask the question, what can our gut really tell us? As I'm put on two contrasting diets... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Mmm, bacony goodness! ...to find out which foods can actually change and support our gut. These foods produce metabolites that are beneficial to our health. Sandro looks at how vital bodily functions are supported by a vast network of gut bacteria. In fact, there are more bacteria in your body than there are stars in the Milky Way galaxy. And Renee meets the doctors at the forefront of gut health, using faecal transplants to cure a major intestinal disease. - Success rate is 100%. - Yeah? Wow. No other medical stuff does that. - Yeah! - It's amazing. [Dr Sandro] Right now, there's around 7.5 billion people on the earth. It's an almost inconceivable number. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But our population is miniscule compared to the number of bacteria estimated to live on earth. Check it out. That's five million trillion trillion, or a 5 with 30 zeros behind it. And a whole bunch of them live on and inside every single one of us. In fact, there are more bacteria in your body than there are stars in the Milky Way galaxy. [babies crying] We get our first big dose of bacteria from our mothers, when we're born. As we grow and are exposed to more people, places and foods, our microbiomes grow and evolve and by the time we're adults, our gut is home to a population of approximately 40 trillion individual microbes, made up of around 1,000 different varieties. And if you're wondering what all that bacteria looks like, it'd look something like this. But this brown, stinky goo isn't just a stowaway in our digestive systems. Good, healthy gut bacteria contribute to metabolic health, fortify our immune systems and help us fight against viruses and bad bacteria. So for our complete well-being, it really is in our best interest to take good care of the microscopic passengers living within our gut and one of the best ways to do that is through diet. Most people who look at me would say I'm pretty healthy and I think -- or at least, I hope -- that they're right. But our exterior appearance can be deceiving and to really understand how healthy I am, we're going to need to take a closer look deep inside this well-toned body, at my gut. I don't know what shape my digestive system is in but I do know my diet could probably be better, so I'm off to have my bacteria -- or gut microbiome -- tested to see if it's in the normal range. Claus? The man with the dubious honour of investigating my gut is Claus Christophersen, a microbiologist and nutrition lecturer who also likes... soccer! [crowd cheering] So, what is the gut microbiome? The gut microbiome is a collection of bacteria, viruses and fungi that lives in our gut but when you are on a poor diet, the gut microbiome can produce toxic compounds that actually have a negative effect on your health. [Dr Shalin] Some foods, when processed by our gut microbiome, create by-products called metabolites, which can either be good or bad for us, with some even linked to colorectal cancers. But how do we make sure our gut is producing the right kind? I'm hoping Claus can help me find out. What's this experiment you've got planned for me? So we've got, actually, a great experiment planned for you. We've got you on two different diets, so we've got you on a junk-food diet... - Junk food? - Junk food, yes. Pizzas, burgers, fish and chips. Whatever you want. Now, it's actually modelled off what the average Australian is eating at the moment. - So... - Is eating or should be eating? Is eating. So we're gonna see what effect that is gonna have on your gut microbiome and on your health and then see, when you go on your second diet -- what you should be eating -- what effect that's then gonna have on your health. So, what are you gonna measure in me over this time? So I'm gonna want to have your faecal samples. You want my faecal samples? No-one's ever said that to me! [both laugh] But as a twist to it, I'll be going on the diet as well. - So... - You're gonna go on the diet as well? - So we have another reference point. - Solidarity, brother! [Dr Shalin] So, in this experiment, I'll be giving faecal samples while on two different diets, to see how the production of metabolites in the gut is affected by food. And Claus and I will also provide blood and urine samples for analysis. There you go. And that's it. Stand up tall. But not before an encounter with this peculiar contraption, which measures my base-line level of fat. Ooh. - It's a spaceship. - It is a spaceship. Low body fat can be an indicator of overall good health, which in turn can be linked to how diverse your gut microbiome is, although it's not yet clear which causes which. Shalin, before I pop you in, I'm just gonna get you to pop a swimming cap on, so that the volume of your hair doesn't influence our measurements. Do you have to do that, Claus? No, no. I'm... clear. I should be OK! - Sorry. I had to have a dig! - I'll just get you to pop that one on. Alright. - OK. So, in you hop. - Just hop in? Hop in, yep, and have a seat. It's been good knowing you. As wacky as it looks, this is a serious scientific device. - Alright. - Sounds like Darth Vader. [imitates laboured breathing] - OK. Are we ready to go? OK. It's starting now. It's known as a Bod Pod and it works by measuring the amount of air that's been displaced by my body. OK. That was successful. We're all done. Hi. You can hop out now. It's not too bad in there. Claus has already had his fat levels tested and while I don't know what he scored, I reckon he and I are probably both about average. [Claus] My body fat was quite low. - What? - 6.1. - 6.1.%? - See if you can beat that. And now for the big reveal. OK. So, Claus will be in the ultra-lean category. Ultra-lean. Shalin, your body fat percentage was 30.1% - Thir... thirty?! - Yep. Your body mass was 77.695 kilos, which places you just into the risky area. [scare chord] - Me? - Yes. [assistant] You really want to be, sort of, in that 12.1 to 20% range. - I mean, I consider myself pretty thin. - Yep. But actually, inside there's a pretty high fat content. [assistant] Yep. It seems it's high time I gave my diet an overhaul. Yes, I'll just get you a clean-up here. Only problem is, before I can do that, I've got two weeks of junk food to eat. Thankfully, blood tests will monitor my well-being throughout this experiment but I'm still feeling nervous. So you and I are gonna be on a junk-food diet, which will probably be pleasurable for the first couple of meals. - Maybe. - And then it's gonna get pretty hard. Yeah, I think that we'll just feel that, yeah, um, the consequences of having, maybe, too much fat in our diet and stuff like that, that will put a, sort of, damp on what... - Dampener on our moods, yeah. - Yeah. Do you mind if we chat via Skype and keep up to date with how we're going? [Claus] Oh, I think we should, yeah. I'll look forward to hearing how you're going with all your collections. [laughs] - Of stool. My collections. Yeah. Speaking of which, how much, uh, sampling will I have to do? Firstly, we need some urine samples. So, 24-hour. You need to fill those jugs for me. - All the way to the top? - Well, if you can try. - See who gets the most. - Competition is on. - The competition is on! [both laugh] So, we also have some faecal sample collections for you. [Dr Shalin] Alright. Well, thanks for the presents, Elise! - I guess we're on our way. - Yeah. - No worries. Enjoy. - Lots to do. - Start sampling! - Yeah. [Elise] Thanks, guys. [Dr Renee] We all carry a mix of good and bad micro-organisms in our gut. It's when the problem kind are allowed to thrive that we get into trouble, as this can cause anything from irritable bowel syndrome to life-threatening pathogenic infections. So a relatively new procedure, that replaces bad bacteria with a much healthier variety, is going a long way to help certain people with a serious condition -- and it's also shown some surprising and rather interesting results. But where does all this healthy bacteria come from? Just work our way through the bowel, to try and suction away any residue. [Dr Renee] This is a faecal microbiota transplant, or FMT. And bizarrely, the special ingredient... is poo. [doctor] Right. It's still not quite thawed. In an FMT, healthy faecal microbiota is taken from a donor and passed through a tube into the bowel of someone who's sick. [doctor] And that'll be going into the patient's bowel. [hissing] OK. All finished. Professor Jane Andrews is a leading gastroenterologist and expert in FMT. She also loves... cycling. - Oh, hi, Jane! So nice to meet you. - Hi, Renee. Nice to see you. But it's the donation of gut bacteria from person to person that the professor is most passionate about. Normally, the donor -- the healthy person who's providing the stool -- will actually just bring some stool to the lab or pass it, you know, in a toilet near the lab. If you have particular donors, you can actually provide them with, sort of, little... They're like camping potties and they collect the stool without any air exposure, - so they're called anaerobic. - Yeah, right. 'Cause a lot of the bugs in your gut don't like oxygen and if you expose them to oxygen, they die. When safely transferred from gut to gut, healthy microbiota can continue to thrive, redressing the balance of problem bacteria and resolving a patient's symptoms entirely. But as a treatment, it's still in its infancy. So, Jane, there's really only one kind of well-defined use for FMT -- is that right? Yeah, that's right at the current time. So, Clostridium difficile, which is a bug, can cause a nasty sort of colitis, which means inflammation of the colon, particularly in older people who've had a lot of antibiotics and have got a lot of other illnesses. So we've been running an FMT service here for about three years and the success rate after one FMT is around 90% and if you need a second donation given, the success rate is 100%. - Yeah? Wow. - No other medical stuff does that. - Yeah. - It's amazing. Results like this are rare, so it's one to watch. Although... perhaps not when you're eating your dinner. The concept of FMT, or the poo transplant, may seem kind of weird and make us a little squeamish but research is starting to show that this procedure might actually change some patients' lives. Just ask Suzy Klepper. When sudden digestive issues put her in hospital, the symptoms were so bad, doctors were considering an ileostomy and then a total colectomy, where her entire large bowel would be removed and replaced with a bag. So, Suzy, you were diagnosed with a Clostridium difficile infection. That must have been really scary for you. I mean, to have that happen -- that sounds like it happens in a week. - So you basically... - It's less than a week, yes. I went from healthy, walking around -- I'd been at work on the Friday morning, fell ill in the afternoon. And we haven't had a week yet and I'm thinking about... finding shoes to match my ileostomy bag. - So... - Sorry. It was a really surreal illness. I had uncontrollable diarrhoea, 15, 16 times a day -- and that was one of the features of this particular illness, that it was associated with this terrible, overwhelming urgency and loss of control, which made it a very undignified illness. A keen swimmer and rower, Suzy's illness impacted heavily on her lifestyle. So when an infectious diseases consultant suggested a faecal microbiota transplant, she jumped at the chance. Oh, honestly, it was remarkable. Within 24 hours, uh, the diarrhoea had halved. Wow. The inflammatory markers had almost halved and after 48 hours, I had no diarrhoea at all. [Dr Renee] Wow. In addition to avoiding major surgery, Suzy also thinks the FMT helped treat her arthritis. [Suzy] It seems as though the transplant has tweaked my immune system so that it stopped. I'm functioning really well without any sort of medication. It's outcomes like this that inspire real hope for FMT as a treatment for more than just Clostridium difficile. While testing still needs to be done, some research shows that it could be used in the future to fight further health problems. Is it recording? Is it facing me? Is my hair alright? Five days into my junk-food diet. It's not great. [Dr Shalin] I'm testing the impacts of a standard Aussie diet on my gut health. Mmm, bacony goodness! [Dimmi] You smashed that. I've got licence to eat. And I'm just over halfway into my two weeks of high-fat, salt and sugary treats. Although the novelty has definitely worn off. Five days to go. My belly is not agreeing with me. It feels sore. It feels like it's struggling with the amount and type of food I'm putting in there. And it's not just my insides that are suffering. The diet's playing havoc with my social life too. What did you make, Mum? This is cauliflower and potato vegetable curry. [Shalin groans] And I feel so bad that you can't eat any of that. That makes two of us. The one weekend you're here... I know! If I had known you couldn't eat... - You wouldn't have come! - I wouldn't have come. What are you having, Shalin? Tonight is fish and chips on my menu. My mum's binda nushak, or okra bean curry, is my favourite and I'm annoyed I'm missing out. It is really sad story. [Dr Shalin] Heart-breaking. [Dimmi] We'll freeze you some. But a lot of things have been getting me down this week, as my poor wife, Dimmi, can attest. Shalin has been grumpier than usual. He's not generally grumpy but I'm looking forward to the end of the junk-food diet, because I'm curious to see if maybe he's playing up a little bit while he's on this diet and perhaps getting out of doing a few things that I might otherwise make him do. So, clearly it looks like I've got it easy -- despite the ritual indignity of harvesting and posting away my poo. There's only one other person who understands what I'm going through. It's been 10 days since we started the junk-food diet and I'm just gonna get in touch with Claus to see how he's faring and maybe share some notes. - Hey. - How are you? How's Doctor Six-Percent-Body-Fat? [both laugh] Doctor Ultra-Lean and Doctor Bordering-Overweight here! I've been struggling a bit with all the soft drink and juices and... Yes! Me too! But I'm enjoying the beer that we get to have. [both laugh] But the diet that we're both on is really modelled around what the average Australian is eating. Right. So it's not the extreme end of the junk-food diet. - It's... - No. ...let's say a bad diet, a bad Australian average everyday diet. Yeah. Have you had any issues with grumpiness or shortness? - No. My family hasn't complained, so... - They haven't? No, they haven't complained. What about you? I can't say it's the same for me. I've had some complaints on this side. [laughs] [Dr Shalin] My mood swings are likely a result of all the sugar I've been eating. But there's also emerging research to suggest a lack of legumes, such as the pods, peas and beans in my mum's curry, could contribute to poor mental health longer term. What's happening in our guts at the moment, Claus, with this diet? We're seeing probably a change in the metabolites that the bacteria are producing. Right. So, the good bacteria, so to speak, are not being allowed to thrive in our guts. Yeah. They will still be there but the others are competing better on this diet. - So... - Right. And that's what our gut is going through all the time, is this competition for space and nutrients. [Dr Shalin] I'm intrigued. This is something that affects all of us, all of the time. Alright, Claus. Let's catch up again once we're on the good-food diet. - Sounds good. - See you later, Claus. - Thanks for chatting. - See you. Bye. So, how good is your gut health? Do you think diet plays a role? We took to social media to find out. The evidence, A, here. So now I've moved on to the gut-friendly phase of the experiment. There's one thing for certain -- I'm pretty happy I'm going to be back on my healthy-food diet. Um, I'm going to Sandro's for dinner tonight -- Dr Sandro -- and I hear he's a great cook, so I'm really looking forward to what he's prepared for me. Hello, Dr Sandro! What is it you're making, seriously? [Dr Sandro] So, these are oven-baked eggplants. We've got some stuffed capsicum. It's all vegetarian -- rice, some cheese, pine nuts, dried fruit. [Dr Shalin] Mmm! We've got a beautiful Italian tomato salad. Home-grown tomatoes, home-grown basil... [Dr Shalin] Dr Sandro, is there anything you can't do? - Lots of things. - Oh, my lord. Cooking is not one of them, though. Can definitely do that. [Dr Shalin] Oh! I am in heaven. Thank you so much. Along with Sandro's delicious vegie treats, there is some meat on this healthy diet. But also stacks of potato, rice and pasta. And I'm intrigued to know -- why so many carbs? Professor Amanda Devine is the nutritionist who designed the diets in this experiment. She also likes... [bicycle bell rings] ...cycling. What is it about these experts and their bikes? And what is it about all these foods that makes them so good for my gut? [Professor Devine] These foods are foods that are high in resistant starch. [Dr Shalin] What's a resistant starch? Resistant starch is part of fibre that we find in plant foods, like grains, in our legumes -- peas and pulses -- and also in our vegetables and fruit, things like banana. Right. So, it's a molecule that is very difficult for our bodies to break down and so really, our micro-organisms, in our bowel or in our colon, do that for us and they produce metabolites that are beneficial to our health. Unlike many processed foods, resistant starch doesn't get absorbed in the stomach or small intestine, allowing it to make the journey to the colon, where it is transformed into a metabolite called butyrate, which is beneficial to the gut. Resistant starch is found in a number of different foods, including grains, seeds and legumes -- but perhaps a more popular source is rice, pasta and potato, which, when cooked and cooled, change at a molecular level from normal starch to the kind our gut craves, the resistant starch. Australians tend to have a lot of protein in their diet and a lot of it can be animal protein, meat proteins and highly processed meats. Right. And there has been evidence more recently that these have an increased risk of colon cancer, so having a cold potato salad or a rice salad or a pasta salad, which is high in resistant starch, with a piece of steak or a piece of cooked meat, can actually help counter that negative effect of the animal product. I see. Thanks very much, Amanda. This is absolutely fascinating. I'm really keen to see how this diet does affect my microbiome. There are many classic meals that combine meat with resistant starch and high-fibre pasta is a particularly good source. But an even better option is to go vegie, with something like lentil burgers, which are both protein-rich and full of resistant starch. One cup of lentil. One cup of lentil. So, I have pre-measured this, so I'm just gonna pop that in. - That's one cup? - Yeah, I already measured it. OK. - One cup of potato. - Mashed potato. Now, as a scientist, like me, my wife, Dimmi, does like to get her measurements just right. It's gone, honey. It's not... I'm gonna prove to you this is one cup! Oh, this is why I stay out of the kitchen. As complex as we're making this look, a regular serve of lentil burgers is a really simple way to make our diets more gut-friendly. [Dimmi] Mmm. It's really tasty. The curry powder, I think, makes a difference. [mouth full] Mmm. It's really good. After two weeks of this food, my gut feels much better. Yum. That was really good. But is it producing the right metabolites to keep me in good overall health? There's only one way to find out. Now I just need to send some samples back to Perth for analysis and compare them to the previous ones. Got my esky, got my dry ice -- Give me a couple of minutes. [toilet flushes] Well, there it is. The dry ice keeps it nice and cool for its trip across the Nullarbor. I wonder if it gets Frequent Flyer miles? Talk about a crappy flight! With a few weeks to wait for my results, I'm intrigued to know your secrets to a happy, healthy gut. So, my gut experiment has finally come to an end. Now I'm back in Perth to get the results, to find out what's really going on down there when we alter our diet. Alright. - Oh, so, how are you feeling? - Good. I mean, it's been a while now but that was... that was intense. - Let's see the results! - Let's have a look at the results. - So... - I'm keen. OK. Let's look at some of the metabolites that the microbiome produces. Alright. So, what I've displayed here is butyrate. Butyrate is important because it's the preferred energy source for the cells that line your gut, so it helps them repair, it helps them get rid of cells that might be damaged. So, we feed the bacteria resistant starches... - Yep. - ...they produce butyrate and the butyrate is good for us. - Yep. - OK. It's this relationship that's really, really important. So, when you go from your base line to your junk diet, where you're taking out all your fibres and having a lot of sugar, really, you drop your butyrate by 15%. - So... - That's quite... Is that big? - That's quite a lot. - That is quite a lot? That is quite a lot. When you went from your junk diet to your healthy diet, you see... - It bounced back again. - Yeah. So you really see that 15% increase, because we put more fibres in our diet, the resistant starch. - Yeah. - From our legumes, beans and so on. Yeah. I mean, the change is quite extraordinary. In this very short period of time, it's dropped and then you switch it back and it goes back up. Yeah. And so did I. I responded exactly the same way. [Dr Shalin] Yeah. I mean, our graphs are almost identical. [Claus] Yeah, yeah. I mean, this is telling me that the effect is almost immediate, so we should all start pretty much straight away on these... on this high-resistant-starch diet to get the beneficial effects of the butyrate and the other things. Yeah. Small changes to your diet can really make a huge impact on your gut. Yeah. When I started this experiment, my diet probably wasn't the best for my gut but with just a few small changes, such as eating more full-grain bread and adding a few more beans and legumes, I'm hoping to keep it in the healthy zone. This experience has really demonstrated to me the importance of good diet, not only for my mood and energy levels but also how it affects my gut bacteria and longer-term health. The fantastic thing is we can start today and see the benefits almost immediately. What I've learned is we really should listen to our second brain, the gut. It turns out it plays a pivotal role in our well-being. Good, healthy gut bacteria contribute to metabolic health, fortify our immune systems and help us fight against viruses and bad bacteria. [Dr Shalin] And healthy gut bacteria, when transplanted, are achieving outstanding results in the treatment of Clostridium difficile. So you're saying that a poo transplant gave you your life back. Absolutely. Yes, it did. - And I've never been so grateful for poo. [laughs] Who would have thought that our body's waste -- something we'd ordinarily turn our noses up at -- could have the power to heal and change lives? It's poo-tiful. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 