Ask the Doctor: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ask the Doctor 
 s1e11 - Senses - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ask the Doctor (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 11 - Senses - full transcript 
 The Doctors explore our senses - Dr Shalin Naik finds out why hearing deteriorates with age, Dr Sandro Demaio busts some myths about improving your eyesight, and Dr Renee Lim explores the link between smell and memory. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Shalin] From a spectacular sunset to an intoxicating fragrance, and a loved one's embrace. Not only do our senses help us experience the world around us, but they can also help us survive. In this episode, we explore some of our basic senses, and their vital role in our health and wellbeing. Sight, smell, touch, hearing. We often take them for granted. [woman] That's good. [Shalin] But there are simple ways we can protect them. - Don't clean your ears? - No, you need earwax. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [Shalin] We have a simple demonstration you can do at home to test your hearing. High five. [laughs] Sandro busts some myths about eyesight. [Sandro] Carrots helping us see in the dark was British propaganda to fool the Germans in World War II. Eugh! [Shalin] And Renee explores the vital link between memory and our sense of smell. [Olivier] People who start losing their sense of smell are at a higher risk of developing brain disorders like Alzheimer's disease. [theme music] [Renee] Have you ever wondered why your nose is right smack-bang in the centre of your face? Well, other than acting as a cleaning filter, it leads to the olfactory bulb, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 a hub of nerve cells transmitting smell information from the nose to the brain. And our ability to smell, or not, can actually tell us a lot about our health. In fact, there are a number of good reasons why we shouldn't take our sniffing powers for granted. Someone with fascinating insights into the power of smell is Professor Olivier Piguet, a clinical neuropsychologist who specialises in neurodegeneration. He also likes to rock'n'roll. I thought I would test you with a few things to smell. Oh, I haven't done a test in a while. [laughs] That's why we're at a florist's. We're here for a fun demo to check my sense of smell. Here's the first one. I'm smelling vanilla and mint, I think. - It's a lolly of some kind. - Yes. [Renee laughs] [Olivier] OK, good. - Oh, oranges. Yep. I know that one. - Orange, yes. [Renee] I love oranges. - Oh, that smells like rose. - Mmm. Very nice. And big smell. [sniffs] Eugh! [clears throat] - Was that raw fish? Can I open my eyes? - Well done. Yes. Four out of four. [laughs] Unlike our other senses, there is no diagnostic test that can accurately measure how good our sense of smell is, because the experience of smell is subjective. Oh, my gosh, let's just move the fish away. Although a loss of smell can be temporarily caused by the common cold, for example, in some cases, it may be a symptom of a more serious health condition. [Olivier] There have been studies showing that people who start losing their sense of smell are at a higher risk of developing brain disorders like dementia and Alzheimer's disease. [Renee] If the link between the loss of smell and the development of Alzheimer's and dementia is proven, it will significantly contribute to the understanding and treatment of these diseases. So, we need to find tests that will help identify individuals who are going on to develop dementia so that we can then have interventions, drugs, when they become more available on the market. So a smell test is one of these things we can use. [Renee] But there's another reason why smell is vital. When it triggers our memory, we recall that past experience in more vivid detail. So, for example, you walk somewhere in the street and there's a smell of flowers, for example, and it takes you back to very old personal memories of your childhood. So that's one type of memory. [Renee] Another type of memory triggered by smell gives us a survival advantage. If you're able to make a strong emotional connection to bad food, you're able to react more quickly to its bad smell and minimise the risk of poisoning by avoiding it in future. Positively, you see that, for example, in babies, just the newborns, there is a smell of their mother, and that is something that is very powerful. And there's this experience even in two- or three-day-old babies, you can take two pieces of cloth, one that the mother has been wearing under her armpit for a few minutes and a neutral one, and the babies consistently will turn towards the cloth that her mother has put under her arm. Teenage years, there's things happening in our bodies. There's all these pheromones and attractions to other individuals, and it's also smell based. It sounds like a lot of the memories that are associated with smell are actually quite emotional. Would that be fair to say? There is a very strong connection between the smell centre and the memory centre, via this third region, the amygdala. The amygdala is the emotion centre of the brain, and the amygdala is really sitting on top of the memory centre. So the information from the smell centre travels very quickly to the emotion centre and then to the memory centre. So it's almost like they live kind of next door to each other, as opposed to having to travel from the country to the city. That's right. That's a very good analogy, and together, they make very powerful memories. The smell of chlorine always take me back to my summer days of my childhood in Perth. Swimming in the pool, or having to clean it. It's amazing how smell can make your memories so vivid. But what happens if you don't have any conscious memory of something? Do smells still work? - Hello! - Hello, Leah. - How are you, darling? - Good. [Renee] My friend Leah suffers from almost total memory loss. She attributes this to ECT, electro-convulsive therapy, which she underwent to treat her severe depression, although there is no clinical evidence to support this. So, what part of your life do you not remember? I'm 39 now, so anything below 30. Yeah, right. And how does that feel? Oh, it's fine. I'm used to it. I don't know any better, so it can be fun at times. It can be a good excuse to get out of things at times. - Yeah. - I don't have an issue with it. [Renee] But thanks to her sense of smell, Leah has found a way to reboot memories she thought were lost to her forever. It's kind of exciting, so, I think the first one, I was in a showroom, a car showroom. We were looking to buy a new car, my husband and I. And just the smells. I think it was the combination of the fresh paint, paint protection, leather. And all of a sudden, I just flashed back to guys I'd dated when I was young. - Real naughty guys, bad guys. [Renee] Yeah. [laughs] And then lavender. It's quite strange. It has to be freshly picked. It's cute, 'cause it reminds of my grandma, and she used to make us, when we were little, pouches with fresh lavender to stick in our school uniforms before we went to school. So it's actually a really nice memory. The first time I opened tinned spaghetti, I smelt it with a jaffle somewhere, and then straight away thought of my little brother, and rang my mum and asked, kind of, "How come?" and she'd say, "Oh, you cooked that for your brother all the time after school, when you looked after him." And I know about your hairspray one. Yeah, that's... You were there. So, there's a certain type of brand we used. I used to work in television, in film, doing hair and make-up. And I sprayed it, I hadn't sprayed it in a long time, and that kind of gave me memories back at Channel 7, certain people I worked with. [Renee] So, are those memories really vivid, or do they sort of seem a bit vague? - The emotions are more vivid... [Renee] Yeah. ...than the actual memories. They can be vague. But I always verify them and check that they're real. [Renee laughs] - So they are real. So really, it's the emotions, isn't it, not so much sort of the visual or the physical? If I break it down, it's emotions, definitely. - Yeah, yeah. - But I can have visuals, but they're just vague. [Renee] While she's enjoying reclaiming memories, these days, as a new mum, Leah's focus is creating new memories for the future. Mainly this one. So, obviously he smells like him and there's so many smells that I'll associate with him forever. There'll be the foods that he loves, in particular, like, cucumbers. [Renee] Really? He loves cucumbers? [Leah] Yeah, baby cucumbers, one in each hand. They're the best snack. And I think more will pop up as time goes on, and certainly now that I'm more aware of it. [baby gurgles] [Renee] Yeah! [Leah] This is a good game. [Renee] Good job! [Renee] We take our sense of smell for granted, until we lose it, and like many of our faculties, it may start to decline after the age of 60. But we can take steps to look after it. Start by throwing away the cigarettes. As the most concentrated form of pollution people are exposed to, cigarettes damage the olfactory nerves. Quitting helps restore your sense of smell. Get an annual flu shot. Nasal mucus from a cold or flu diminishes your sense of smell temporarily, and we all know how unpleasant that is. And if using some of the stronger household cleaning or industrial chemicals, mask up. The toxicity of these products can also affect the lining of your nasal passage, sometimes permanently, depending on the chemical. It's important to look after our sense of smell. Because it's linked to different aspects of our memory, it impacts on our mental wellbeing. So, what smell evokes your most powerful memory? [Sandro] How many of us recognise how conditioned we are to reacting to visual cues? Take a look at my expressions here and determine my mood. Joyful. Bored. Surprised. Suspicious. All emotional states you just perceived at a glance. So keeping our peepers in good working order is a big deal, and just as you easily identified my moods, you'll probably recognise some of these commonly held beliefs about eye care, too. Number 1, holding a book too close or sitting right in front of the telly can damage your eyes. The good news here is, this one is just a myth. So if you like to read up close or have the TV in your face, you don't need to worry. And if you are near-sighted, it won't worsen your eyesight, either. Number 2, reading in the dark will hurt your eyes. Think about this. Electric lighting didn't become widespread in homes until the 1930s, almost 100 years after automated printing made books widely available and cheap. So reading in low light won't hurt your eyes any more than it did readers in the old days, although it may require a bit more brain power, which can itself be tiring. Number 3, eating carrots will give me better eyesight. Carrots helping us see in the dark was a World War II attempt by the Brits to fool the Germans into thinking it was carrots that gave John Cunningham, the ace British fighter pilot, his amazing strike rate. It was pure propaganda to cover the fact it was the Brits' superior night vision radar technology that was able to identify and destroy Nazi planes. They still don't know if the Nazis bought into it, but we certainly did. And in part, it's true. Carrots are full of beta-carotene, which our bodies use to make vitamin A, a critical compound for sight that allows our eyes to convert light into signals that are transmitted to the brain. But while vitamin A deficiency can cause vision problems including blindness, if you have a healthy, well-balanced diet, you probably have all the vitamin A you need, and eating more carrots unfortunately won't improve vision issues caused by age, diabetes or genetics. So, by now you might be wondering if there are any ways to improve your eyesight. There's evidence to suggest there is. It's all about eating plenty of fresh vegetables, specifically leafy greens, and it works something like this. Our retinal cells contain three organic pigments that protect the eye from damaging UV light, kind of like internal sunglasses. We get these pigments from food, especially those green veggies, and research has shown that eating plenty of them could even improve your eyesight. On that note, I want to remind you all using non-verbal communication to... eat... more... vegies! Each of our five primary senses offers a different way of collecting information about our environment. But it's our sense of touch that gives us our means of physically interacting with the world. Hot, cold, smooth, rough, sharp, dull, vibration, pressure, position, movement and pain, all sensations we experience through touch. It's all made possible by the massive network of sensory receptors and nerves within our body. But these sensory receptors aren't evenly spread. In fact, if we reproportion Gary's body to reflect which parts deliver the most sensory information to the brain, the bits with the most nerves will become much bigger. His hands, feet, eyes, nose, ears and lips would look like this, not to mention his... While we're still learning a lot about how touch works, research has revealed some interesting stuff about the sense. For example, in sports, teams and players that touch each other more have been shown to have improved individual and team performance over a season, and more wins overall. Also, women tend to have a much better sense of touch than men. This is because they usually have smaller hands, meaning the sensory receptors are more densely bunched together. While there is much to be learnt, there's a growing body of evidence highlighting the importance of touch to our physical and emotional wellbeing. Perhaps it's something to think about next time you greet a friend. [indistinct chatter] [Shalin] My mates have teased me for several years now about my bad hearing in noisy environments. I think I might have some hearing damage from years of playing in what some people consider as noise in a rock band. [rock music] And it turns out that age-related hearing loss can start as young as 40 in some people. That's me next year. Should I be worried? Who better to ask than audiologist and speech pathologist Dr Chyrisse Heine, at Melbourne's La Trobe University. She also likes... travelling. To see if being a wannabe rock star in my youth has affected my hearing, Dr Chyrisse has set up a demonstration for us. We're going to have a bit of fun listening to some sounds today. [Shalin] I'll be comparing my hearing to a group of people younger and older than me. Being the good sport he is, Sandro has volunteered his own flesh and blood. Dr Sandro's mother, Lyn, and grandmother, Betty. Lyn is 65 years old, and Betty, 94. [Chyrisse] We do know that as you get older, your hearing might deteriorate. It doesn't happen for everybody. [Shalin] This isn't a formal hearing test, but a guide to the impact of ageing on our hearing that we can all do. [Chyrisse] So, the older you get, the harder hearing becomes, and the younger you are, you've probably got good hearing if you haven't been to many loud concerts. So, around 39, 40 we start getting degeneration of the auditory pathways. - That's me and you. - [laughter] High five. High five for hearing loss. [laughter] [Shalin] For this demo, we're facing outwards from a speaker that's positioned in the middle of our little circle. [Chyrisse] So, you're going to be hearing a tone. It's a continuous tone, so it will start from a very low tone and it will work its way up to a very high sound. So as soon as you hear the tone, take a step forward, and remain forward for as long as you can hear the tone. As soon as you stop hearing the tone, take a step backwards. If you haven't heard anything at all, then you don't get to take that step forward. [Shalin] High tones are picked up by the hairs that line the outer channel of our cochlear, and are therefore most prone to damage. Low tones are picked up by the inner hairs lining our cochlear, or inner ear. Because they are more protected, they are less vulnerable to damage. So, what we are predicting is that the young people will move forward a bit quicker and stay forward for longer than the older people. And I've also heard that some shops stop teenagers loitering outside by playing a high-pitched sound... - Correct. - ...to get rid of them, but so the adults can continue to come in and out. - Yes, correct. - Is that a thing? - It was. Yes, it was. - [laughter] [Shalin] OK, here's your chance to play along at home. [silence] [low tone] I know it's not a competition, but Sandro's 94-year-old grandmother Betty has just stepped forward, and I haven't heard a thing yet. [high-pitched tone] Wow, I can't see anyone else, but I've stepped back before Betty, which means while I can't hear anything anymore, she can still hear the tone. Maybe Betty wasn't a budding rock star in her youth. [high-pitched tone] OK, well done, everybody. [Shalin] How'd we all go? It was really interesting. [laughter] Everybody stepped out pretty quickly with the low tones. [Shalin] Right. [Chyrisse] But it was the high tones, the younger people remained out of the circle for longer. We do know that the higher the noise exposure, the quicker you'll get a hearing loss. So, traffic noise, probably about 80 to 90 decibels. Enough to give you hearing loss if you're doing that for long enough. So, the higher the noise, the less time you can spend in that noise. Higher-frequency noise, factories, workplaces, lawnmowers, so that's why it's really good when I see somebody mowing the lawn and wearing earmuffs. [Shalin] That's not good news for an old muso like me. If 94-year-old Betty seems to have better hearing than I do, that's cause for concern, and that's what Dr Chyrisse thinks too. Let's do a formal hearing assessment and let's check out your hearing and see if you've got any hearing difficulties. - That'd be great. - OK. [Shalin] Well, even though it's probably damaged my hearing, I still can't live without my music. Which makes me wonder, which of your senses do you derive the most enjoyment from? [Shalin] But if you don't have the use of one or more of your senses, it doesn't have to hold you back. Helen Keller lost her sight and hearing as a baby, but famously went on to become an author, teacher and musician. [male voiceover] ...inspiration to unfortunates. This was Helen Keller. [Shalin] Claude Monet was diagnosed with nuclear cataracts, which some believe altered his perception of colour, to the extent where yellows and purples began to predominate in many of his later works. Beethoven almost completely lost his hearing, but was still able to compose masterpieces, such as the Ninth Symphony. [Beethoven's Ninth Symphony plays] Like Beethoven, it may be that I have permanent hearing damage. [Chyrisse] If you can just face forward. [Shalin] And that's what Dr Chyrisse is about to test me for. Well, you've got very clean-- - I've got clean ears? - ...ear canals. Too clean. - Too clean? Ooh. - Too clean. - You've been cleaning your ears. - I do clean my ears. - Not a good thing to do. - Don't clean your ears? No, no, you need earwax. But it feels so good with the earbuds, like, "Oh!" - I know, I hear that a lot. [Shalin] Yeah? But the rule of thumb is, nothing goes into the ear that's smaller than your elbow. - Smaller than your elbow? - That size, that size. Earwax protects anything from flying into the ears. [Shalin] OK. - Like an insect, for example, and you really don't want an insect flying into your ear. No, I do not. [Chyrisse] So a little bit of earwax is good, so quite a lot of wax build-up, best thing to do is to go off to your GP and talk about how-- - How to get rid of that safely. - Yep. Correct. No poking in the ears. OK, make the ears a dig-free zone. Got it. Since earwax has been ruled out as the cause of my hearing loss, it's onto a formal hearing test. I'm going to put the headphones over your ears. And you're going to be hearing some beeps. OK. And every time you hear a beep, what I want you to do is press the button. OK. So, you're going to hear some very low tones, and you're going to hear some very high tones. So we might take your glasses off just so that it's more comfortable. No worries. OK, I'll just put them over here. So, are these like the tones we heard in the demonstration? No, not exactly the same, 'cause this is a proper hearing assessment. - How does that feel? Good? - Very comfortable. Good. Excellent. OK, we're going to start now. - Alright. - Good. [Shalin] I'm not alone in being hard of hearing. What's that, you say? Over 5% of the world's population, that's 360 million people, have some form of hearing loss. [Chyrisse] OK, Shalin, that was good, except there's one frequency that I'm a little bit concerned about. [Shalin] OK. - So put on your glasses, and I'm going to explain exactly what we've done. And what we're looking at is the softest tone you can hear per ear per frequency. And when we come to the high frequencies, we can see your right ear's fine, but yes, you actually do have a bit of a hearing loss in your left ear. In my left ear. So you have a sensory neural hearing loss in that area, so 'sensory neural' meaning cochlear or beyond the cochlear. - OK, so it's right in there. - It's right in there. But could this account for my poor hearing in loud environments? Yes, because a lot of the consonants that we hear in speech, like the 'ss' and the 'shh' sounds, are reliant on hearing, good hearing, in those frequencies. [Shalin] Being exposed to loud music in my youth is probably the cause of my poor hearing. But strangely, only one of my ears is affected. That's something gun shooters, rather than budding rock stars, are more likely to suffer from. [Chyrisse] You need to protect your ears, certainly from that loud music that you were talking about. - Yep. Well, those days are over. - OK. [Shalin] Sadly, the damage is permanent and may get worse as I get older. I might even need a hearing aid one day. What'd you say, old chap? Speak up. Hearing aids have come a long way since the ear trumpet, but the most profound transformation in hearing technology happened in 1982. - Cochlear implants. - Cochlear implants. So, this would be suitable for somebody with a hearing loss in both ears. Probably of the more severe to profound nature. So, sound is picked up in the speech processor, goes through the magnetic coil, to the electrode array in the cochlear. Wow. So does that require surgery? It does. So, they open up the ear, and they insert this as a flap, just underneath the skin. So you're taking sound from the outside and feeding it directly into the inner ear. - You are, yeah. - That's extraordinary. [drum beat, crowd cheering] [Shalin] If I'd known just how much loud noise would impact my ability to socialise, I'd have probably worn earplugs more frequently to gigs when I was younger. And I'll stop cleaning my ears with cotton buds to avoid infection and pushing wax into the eardrum, making me even deafer. And as much as carrots won't necessarily help us see better, green vegies will probably help. Research has shown that eating plenty of them could even improve your eyesight. [Shalin] And as for our all-important sense of touch, it can be affected by poor circulation and some medications, so eat well and keep active. It's easy to take our senses for granted, but you don't know what you've got till it's gone, something young mum Leah appreciates only too well as her sense of smell continues to restore her memories. [Renee] Smells like him now. Yes, and that's what it's meant to be when you're a mum, isn't it? [Renee laughs] Yes, indeed. Yes, indeed. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 