Ask the Doctor: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ask the Doctor 
 s1e3 - Sleep - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ask the Doctor (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Sleep - full transcript 
 Discover why sleep is imperative for healing, staving off disease and brain function. Dr Shalin Naik heads to a sleep clinic and finds out why we snore, if it's bad for our health, and most importantly, is there a cure? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Fresh air, good food. What better ingredients for a happy life? But what happens when your body starts over-reacting to what you're eating or inhaling and your basic functions, like breathing, start to shut down? We're three medical professionals seeking answers to a question that's been making us itch. What makes us allergic? I ended up having four epipens and that was one of the most scariest things that I'd ever done. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Is there new hope for our most common and deadly food allergy? Sandro finds out. What we're aiming for is a cure that can allow children to live a life as if they did not have peanut allergy. I discover how you can be struck down by thunderstorm asthma. The doctor said to me, "Please don't panic but I'm calling an ambulance." The experts tell us what you can do if it hits your city. With allergies on the rise, can germs actually help? To find out, Shalin gets down and dirty. And we look at what an allergy is and how you can best manage it. Before I get started, we're going to need to accept some pretty difficult truths. So if you're eating right now, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I recommend you stop for the next couple of minutes because it's time to talk dirty. Not that kind of dirty! I mean these guys... germs, microbes. You know, filth! Take these four items that most of us use every single day. A computer keyboard, a TV remote, a mobile phone and a kitchen cutting board. All items, you'll be horrified to know, are commonly covered in up to 10 times as much bacteria as your toilet seat. Now, to be clear, they're not necessarily covered in the same kind of germs, so I'm not suggesting you start chopping tomatoes on your loo... but the point is, our world is literally swimming in germs. Now, you might be wondering what germs have to do with allergies. Well, just as there are dangerous bacteria that can make us sick, research suggests that there are also many beneficial microbes that help train our immune system to not over-react to things like pollen and common house dust. Now think of all the anti-microbial products in your home that promise to "keep your family safe" by killing 99.9% of all common germs. These products kill bacteria indiscriminately, both the good and the bad, which leads to the question, is our obsession with cleanliness driving the massive increase in allergies in developed countries like Australia? Let's take a look at what some of the research can tell us. Starting with these grubby little guys... dogs! Research suggests that having pet dogs around your kids in the first year of life, while their immune system is developing, can be helpful in reducing infant allergies. Staying with this theme is another bit of research that compared city kids who grew up in urban environments to rural kids who grew up on farms. The study looked at 10,000 adults in 14 countries and found that people who lived on farms from birth to age five are 54% less likely to suffer from asthma or hayfever as adults. While it's unclear exactly what it is about the farming lifestyle that causes this, some researchers believe a key reason could be the bacteria found on farms. There is evidence that suggests that the bacteria found in soil and dust on farms can actually help prevent the development of allergic asthma in kids. However, this doesn't make the battle between clean and dirty clear-cut, because good basic hygiene practices remain crucial for minimising contamination and infection from harmful bacteria. Man, that's like sandpaper! But our industrialised inner-city lives are clearly lacking something important or have exposed us to something new. This is supported by population-level observational studies in Europe that have led to new theories that changes in lifestyle, nutrition and envioronment that come with rapid urbanisation play a key role in the widespread increase of allergies. So I'm not suggesting that urban dwellers pack up and move away from all the good and useful things that come with living in the city but I would argue that we should all let a little more dirt into our lives and embrace the grubby great outdoors. Seriously? I was much more comfortable filming in the lab. With so many of us suffering from allergies, we asked you to tell us: What's one of the worst things a good Italian boy like me could be allergic to? You guessed it... food! Australia has the highest number of reported food allergies in the world. Food allergies causing potentially deadly anaphylaxis have doubled here over the last decade and the group most affected is also the most vulnerable. One in ten children in Australia today will develop a food allergy. We've all seen the signs in schools and public spaces telling us certain food types are not allowed. But what does it mean to live with a food allergy on a day-to-day basis? To understand what it's like, I'm catching up with James, 14, and Harry, 10. The boys are allergic to lots of foods the rest of us take for granted. Like eggs, some nuts, milk, sesame and fish and even kiwifruit, for good measure, making the weekly shop particularly tricky for mum Wendy. So, when did you first find out that the boys were allergic to these foods? Um, when James was four months old, he had bad excema and there's a link between excema and food allergies and so the doctor thought he should have some skin-prick tests done and we found out that he was allergic to foods. So to me, it was a really steep learning curve, 'cause I went from knowing nothing and thinking that people with food allergies were all a bit odd and maybe it was a bit make-believe and not really a thing. And then, when I've seen my child have a severe reaction and end up in hospital, it makes you realise that it is a thing and it's very real and it is something I had to learn about pretty quickly. James had his first life-threatening anaphylactic reaction at age six, to milk. I had no clue what to do because I was so young. I ended up having four epipens in my thigh and that was one of the most scariest things that I'd ever done. I think allergies makes me feel more aware about what we're eating but it does get very annoying. Birthday parties are generally the worst. I always have to bring my own food when others eat cake and all that and it's... not fun. With the list of things the kids are allergic to, if you go away somewhere, what do you do then? Holidays are pretty challenging, 'cause we then have the problem of the plane, 'cause you've gotta take your own food on the plane. And then, if there's a restaurant at the hotel, speak to them about whether the kids can or can't be catered for and sometimes they'll say yes and then, when you turn up, they change their mind. So it makes it very challenging. And what are your hopes in terms of future treatments? Well, a cure! We've always gotta live in hope. I mean, for 14 years, we've lived with it and I'm sure the scientists will get there. The researchers will find the cure. While the search for a cure is ongoing, so is the suffering of our favourite living human medical dummy. Alright... hands up if you have an allergy. Don't worry, Gary... you're not alone. In fact, millions of people around the world have at least one allergy. Allergic reactions occur when our immune system over-reacts to something that's generally harmless to most people, like plant pollen, dust, insect bites, mould, our pets, or a variety of food types. Gary, you're covered in hives! What was in that bag? Ah! You're allergic to peanuts! How convenient for us! Whatever the allergy and whether eaten, inhaled, touched or injected, the substance that triggers a reaction is called an allergen. While peanuts are just harmless food to most people, when Gary eats them, his immune system incorrectly targets them as dangerous and releases antibodies and chemicals to defend itself. One of the primary chemicals used to mistakenly fight against allergens is histamine. Histamine can cause sneezing, wheezing, a runny nose, weepy eyes, diarrhoea, headache, nausea, abdominal pain, an itchy rash and lower a person's blood pressure. The worst possible reaction, known as anaphylaxis, is life-threatening. For those with non-life-threatening allergies, there is relief in the form of medications called antihistamines, which can quell symptoms in some cases. There you go, Gary! Your rash is all cleared up. Now just remember to stay away from peanuts! Did you know that certain proteins in food are similar to the parts of pollen that trigger allergies? That's why, if you're allergic to grasses, you're more likely to get an itchy, tingly feeling in the mouth and throat after eating these foods... cucumbers, melons, oranges and tomatoes. Nope. I'm good! So, what can you do if you think you have a food allergy? To find out, I'm catching up with an expert to learn about skin-prick tests. Geoff Ford is a paediatric doctor who has specialised in allergies for the last 25 years. He's also... a fan of the blues. Dr Geoff has invited me along for a test with 11-year-old Dexter. He's checked every three years to see if he's outgrowing his allergies or not. So, we're going to have another look at peanut but we might have a look at a few of those other things you're allergic to as well. - Yes. - Grass pollen. - Mmm - Maybe your old friend, the cat. Ooh. ...Not the cat! ...No! Anything but the cat! OK. So, we need to write a few numbers down. The skin-prick test involves dropping a dab of allergen extract onto your arm... So, we've got house dustmites. ...and then pricking that layer of skin. So, did that hurt? - Um, no. It's just, like, a little prick. If you are allergic, your skin will react with a small, red hive, or bump, within about 15 minutes. OK. So, now we've come to the measuring stage, now that the 15 minutes is up. So we measure the widest diameter in each direction. Look at that one! Yeah, we can see some reactions happening. Um, notably, the peanut hasn't gotten better at all. The good news is, children can outgrow their allergies by the time they're 18. Why this is the case is unknown but at least for my buddy Dexter, there's still time. But what if there was a way of developing a tolerance? Recent work at the Murdoch Children's Research Institute has been gaining worldwide attention... and for good reason. Professor Mimi Tang is Group Leader of Allergy and Immune Disorders at the institute. She also likes... going to the movies. So, Mimi, what motivates this important research? As a doctor, I was seeing more and more children coming in with food allergy problems and at the moment, it's frustrating... we can only say to them, "Well, just avoid your food antigen." And that isn't very helpful, really. And what's the objective of the research? Well, I'm really hoping that we can identify a cure for children with food allergy, working with peanut allergy as the first step. Peanuts are the most common cause of death due to food allergy in Australia. Finding a cure for peanut allergy could save countless lives worldwide. So, what did you do in your original study? So, what we did was we combined a probiotic bacteria together with peanut, so when the immune system saw the peanut antigen together with the probiotic, it would then be encouraged to develop a tolerance to the peanut, rather than respond with an allergic reaction. Sounds sciency, right? Let me break it down for you. Probiotics are good bacteria that everyone's immune system likes. Peanuts... mmm, not so much. If you take these good bacteria together with the problematic peanut, over time, the hope is your immune system will stop seeing peanuts as the enemy that warrants an allergic reaction but as a friend that it can tolerate. 62 children with peanut allergy participated in Mimi's trial. At the end of the trial, more than 80% of children who received our active probiotic peanut treatment were able to go home eating peanut, as compared to only 4% of children in the placebo group. Impressive results, right? But it's not as simple as eating probiotic-packed yoghurt and some peanuts. So please don't try this at home! Oh, Gary! There is still a lot more clinical testing that needs to be done. So we've embarked on a new clinical trial. We've been running now for about a year and we expect that this trial will continue over the next four years with results around five years from now. And is what we're ultimately aiming for a cure? Or will this be part of a cure? What we're aiming for is a cure. We want to be able to develop a treatment that can allow children to incorporate peanut back into their diets and live a life as if they did not have peanut allergy. And it's not just peanut allergy sufferers that stand to benefit from this life-changing treatment. If you're like James and Harry, living with other food allergies, there's hope for you too. Mimi and her team believe by pairing the probiotic with other problem foods, like milk, egg or shellfish, they could cure these food allergies as well. Although an effective treatment for this widespread problem is a long way off, Mimi's work with peanut allergy is leading the way for other food groups and providing hope for those who have suffered for so long. Peanut allergies are incredibly common and that got us thinking: As a doctor who spends plenty of time in the emergency department, I've seen the frightening effects of asthma. In the spring of 2016, the city of Melbourne experienced a freak storm that turned into a devastating health emergency. It triggered a huge increse in the cases of asthma and also caused several fatal attacks. So how did this occur and what can we do if this happens again? A night of bizarre weather in Melbourne rapidly escalated into a disaster, leaving two people dead. A phenomenon known as thunderstorm asthma has been blamed. As the storm rolled across the city, people gasped for air in what was the world's most devastating outbreak of thunderstorm asthma. Almost 10,000 rushed to Victorian hospitals, struggling to breathe. As we go to air, four people have died and three remain in a critical condition. Calls to 000 increased by over 500%, compared to an average day. By nightfall, the city's emergency services were pushed to breaking point. So thunderstorm asthma's sudden occurence put a huge strain on the city's medical services and this hospital was one of the first to feel the brunt. On the front line of this epidemic was the Director of Intensive Care at Western Health, Dr Craig French. He's a leading epxert on thunderstorm asthma. So, what was the evening of the storm like for you here in the ICU? You know, we had well over 300 patients presenting with asthma across Western Health in that 24-hour period alone. We might normally see 10 or 15. In Victoria, nine patients died of complications related to their asthma. How do you think your staff felt, both during and after the event? I guess during the event, you focus on doing what you have to do, 'cause you've got the patient there in front of you and they're your absolute priority. It was only after the event that we realised the enormity of what had actually happened. With nine dead, November 21, 2016 was a day no-one saw coming. Yet it was months in the making. Victoria's second-wettest September on record had sprouted fields of lush green grass and pollen. But by November, the rain had dried up, temperatures began to soar and grass pollen filled the air. That day, as the storm clouds gathered and the winds picked up, vast amounts of pollen swept into an unsuspecting city. It was the perfect... deadly... storm. So, explain... how does thunderstorm asthma in particular actually work? It requires a number of factors occurring simultaneously. When it's very humid, pollens can expand and when they expand, they can explode and they release lots and lots of tiny little particles. Now, normally, pollens can't get into the lung... they're too big. But these little particles can be breathed in and they go all the way down into the deepest part of the lung and when they get there, they do damage. They set off a major allergic reaction, causing severe asthma. It's like an anaphylaxis in a way... it can come on that quickly and be that life-threatening and patients can go from being relatively normal to being unable to breathe in a matter of minutes. So one of the scariest things about thunderstorm asthma is that it can strike people that have never had asthma before. And that is exactly what happened to this Melbourne family when their six-year-old son, William, fell critically ill. When William's dad, Lachie, was called to pick up his son at school, he thought he had a bout of gastro. But when mum Natalie got home, she knew immediately something more serious was wrong with her little boy. So, what made you decide to see the doctor in the end? Well, Will was very, very listless and then all of a sudden went into the bathroom and was sort of, you know, heaving into the toilet and came out and said, "Mum, I just... I feel like I can't breathe. Can you take me to the doctor's?" OK. So what happened from that point? The doctor assessed him very, very quickly and then said to me, "Please don't panic... but I'm calling an ambulance." And at that point... I was digging deep not to panic. So for you, you basically went from thinking your son had gastro, which is quite normal, to realising that he just couldn't breathe. It was a big shock to know that, out of nowhere, for a child that has no illnesses or has never had any asthmatic-related symptoms, to suddenly be having a major, you know, asthma attack. Like many affected that day, William suffers from hayfever but he's never experienced asthma before. Thunderstorm asthma didn't only affect kids like William. Thousands of people, of all ages, were caught off-guard that day. But this wasn't the first time Melbourne has experienced this phenomenon. Ambulance crews have treated more than 300 people suffering from what doctors are calling 'thunderstorm asthma'. 2010 was the last time Melbourne was struck by this epidemic and it's been hit twice before... in 1987 and '89. So the thunderstorm that caused respiratory problems in so many people in Melbourne was a rare but not unheard-of event. What I want to know is, what made this thunderstorm so deadly and are there any things that we can do to be better prepared for this in the future? To get some answers, I'm catching up with a pollen expert. Associate Professor Ed Newbigin is from the School of Biosciences at Melbourne University. He also... quite likes hiking. So, obviously not every thunderstorm causes thunderstorm asthma. - No! - So... - Thankfully for that! - It'd be terrible if it did! So, what are the bits that put that together? Sort of, what happens? There must be something about these thunderstorms but it's very hard to identify common themes, so there's a factor-X, if we like, that we still don't understand, that distinguishes some thunderstorms as causing thunderstorm asthma and a lot of them don't cause thunderstorm asthma. Mmm. So, while we know what happens to the body during thunderstorm asthma, understanding what this 'factor-x' is will enable us to forecast when the next one might hit. The other thing that's essential for forecasting thunderstorm asthma is knowing how much grass pollen is in the air. That's where this pollen-counting machine, the Burkard Spore Trap, comes in. - Hear that? Oh, my gosh! I haven't heard that sound in ages! - Yeah. - That's beautiful! - Clockwork. - So, how does the pollen get in there? - Got a... this little entrance there. - Ah! And there's a very simple motor down there. - So it's sucking the air in. - And then it's... - That's great. - This is just moving past the entrance and we get a trace of pollen, kind of down there. - And we just take out the slide. - As time goes by. And stain it, take it back to the lab and count it. - Wow. - It's a real counting process. Aside from forecasting, the other thing that's crucial to understand is who is most at risk when one of these deadly thunderstorms hits. As we've discovered, thunderstorm asthma not only impacts asthmatics but hayfever sufferers as well. About a third of people who experienced thunderstorm asthma on that night had never experienced asthma previously and that's a really frightening thing. So, the next time one of these thunderstorms rolls through, what can people do to try to prevent it being quite as terrible as it was last time? Well, if they're an asthmatic, having an asthma plan, trying to control their hayfever and much the same way as people put suncream and wear hats and so on to protect themselves against UV radiation, people have just gotta take the same sort of steps at that time of year, during when the grasses are flowering, to minimise the risk that they might face from their allergies generally and particularly thunderstorm asthma. So what steps can you take now to be better prepared? Number one on your list, if you have hayfever or asthma, is to see your doctor to make sure you're being properly treated before spring arrives. And if a high pollen count and a thunderstorm are forecast, try to stay indoors. The Victorian government has also now budgeted $15.6 million for better treatment, education and research into the thunderstorm asthma phenomenon. Allergies might not be fun to live with but as we've learnt, there's a lot we can do to help to improve the lives of allergy sufferers. Getting grubby seems to be a good first step. A little dirt under our nails can help our immune systems become more tolerant to allergens. There's good news for kids with food allergies... they may outgrow them by the time they're 18. Failing that, a world-first medical trial is on track to developing a cure. So it's not all doom and gloom for allergy sufferers... and that's good news. Because as they say, life is sweeter when you can stop and smell the roses. Hope you're feeling better after the peanuts, Gary! Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 