Ask the Doctor: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ask the Doctor 
 s1e4 - Allergies - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ask the Doctor (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Allergies - full transcript 
 Dr Sandro Demaio discovers what life is like for kids living with severe food allergies and checks out a world-first trial to cure peanut allergy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Dr Shalin Naik] Life. We only get one chance at it. And to make the most of that opportunity, it helps to know the best ways to look after ourselves and that's where we come in. We're three medical professionals on a mission to get the best and latest health advice out there. In this episode, we look at why so many of us are modifying our diets and separate the food facts from the fads... The kale-eating hipsters are on to something! ...as my efforts to rule out lactose intolerance get personal. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I need to find a bathroom pretty quickly. - Mmm. And Sandro explores remarkable new evidence suggesting diet may help in the battle against depression... We have to intervene to stop this intergenerational transmission of disease. ...with a simple food fix that could help future generations. You feel like you're in this big black hole and I sort of felt like I was being lifted up. [Dr Shalin] Navigating dietary advice in our modern world can be exhausting. So it's not just when faced with the contents of our fridge that many of us are left wondering, "What should I eat?" [sniffs] Eugh! These days, it seems, food intolerances are all the rage, with many of us claiming to have tummy troubles triggered by certain foods. In fact, a recent study showed 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 that regardless of whether we have a proper diagnosis or not, 1 in 10 of us now avoids the gluten found in wheat, rye and barley and a whopping 1 in 6 shuns lactose, found in some milk products. And I'm one of them. In fact, right now I'm convinced I'm lactose-intolerant. Dr Sinead Golley is a behavioural scientist who knows all about trends like this. She also enjoys... a gruesome murder mystery. Which is why I've chosen to meet in a busy cafe, just to be on the safe side. - A flat white, please. - Flat white? I'm gonna get a soy hot chocolate, please. Soy hot chocolate? Awesome. Thanks, guys. Sinead has just completed a study that showed more people are giving up dairy than may actually need to. Sinead, you highlighted this disconnect between the actual number of people who are lactose-intolerant and the number of people who self-diagnose. - Mm-hm. - What's accounting for that? So, traditionally, you might have gone to your GP or your doctor or a specialist... Right. ...but now we're finding on equal par that people are consulting media as a source, internet and often family and friends are actually really quite influential in decisions like this as well. Yeah. So people seem to be jumping on the food-intolerance bandwagon without bothering with a medical opinion. Thank you! Which is... exactly what I've done. So, Sinead, I have a confession to make. - I'm guilty as charged. - Oh, no! I am one of those people. I avoid lactose because... I am, I think! - I think I am... - Yep. ...a lactose-intolerant individual. - OK. - Yeah. - But you've not been formally tested? - Never been formally tested. But that's one of the big characteristics of the behaviour that is of concern for us, obviously. [Shalin] Yeah. That people are symptomatic yet not actually going to the doctor and getting, you know, a diagnosis or at least getting other conditions ruled out first. Sinead's right - the bloating and... digestive issues I've been putting down to dairy could be something more serious. And with my scientific background, I should know better than to self-diagnose. So, have you ever felt the need to restrict your diet? Or perhaps you're not averse to the occasional food fad. We took to social media to ask you about your food choices. [Dr Renee] Many of us diet for health reasons but our specimen of human averageness, Gary, isn't one of them. And with little else to stimulate him, his mealtimes have become the highlight of the day. Ahem! You're not seriously about to eat that, are you? Yeah. Do you have any idea how much sugar is in that? Mm-mnn. In terms of calories, Gary's diet is fairly typical and there's plenty he could do to improve it. In some cereals, like his, over a third of every spoonful is pure sugar. That's almost as much as you'll find in a chocolate bar. And you wouldn't eat a chocolate bar for breakfast. Would you, Gary? Ahem! Gary! While fruit juice is delicious, it has almost none of the healthy fibre that whole fruit contains, making it another sugar bomb. [explosion] [stomach grumbling] Don't worry it's only a few hours until lunchtime. It'll pass in a... OK. Lunch. And what have we got here? A burger, some chips and a soft drink. Let's start with that burger and chips. Sure, they taste good but burgers, on top of a big serve of fat and sugar, often pack more salt in a single portion than the suggested target of 4 grams a day for adults and those chips contain a large amount of trans fat, which we know is harmful. Moving on to that soft drink and I only have one thing to say nearly 10 teaspoons of sugar! Studies have found that those who drink one can of sugary soft drink a day increase their risk of type 2 diabetes by 26% and heart attack by 20%. And finally, it's dinner time and Gary's convenient choices include a chicken shop chook with a big side of frozen vegies. [chicken skin crackles] Hold your horses, Gary! While chicken itself is good for you, store-bought birds can be super-high in salt. In fact, some contain 10 times the salt of a healthy, skinless breast you can cook yourself. And those vegies-well, with the nutrients frozen in soon after picking and plenty of fibre, they're actually pretty good but, Gary, before you hoe in... Only joking! Get stuck in, mate! [Dr Shalin] As a medical researcher, I'm embarrassed to admit I've not seen a doctor about my tummy troubles. All this time I've been cutting out dairy, when my symptoms could be indicative of something much more serious. So I'm going to get what I think is lactose intolerance properly tested by an expert, not off the internet! Dr Andrew Brett is a gastroenterologist. [triumphal music] But as a kid, he dreamed of batting a century for Australia. [applause] So, um, you think you might be lactose-intolerant. - I'm pretty sure I am. - OK. Why do you think that is? Well, I've had some, you know, issues with my gut, so I've reduced it in my diet but I... you know, I'm not gonna avoid the flat white in the morning. - That's compulsory. - OK. So, after your flat white in the morning, what symptoms do you get? [laughs] When I have my flat white, uh... So, how do I put this delicately? It's, uh, about half an hour later, um, I'll get a little rumbling. A little something-something, telling me I need to find a bathroom pretty quickly. - Yeah. That's generally it. - Yeah. OK. So, coffee's an interesting one, because there can be two reasons for having symptoms after coffee. There's lactose intolerance, if you have a lot of milk with your coffee... Right. ...whilst some people also have an exaggerated response to coffee itself and coffee can exaggerate a reflex in the stomach called the gastro-colic reflex, that moves the bowel along. Right, right. So could be either one of those. Yeah, that's right. So, a quick way to find out is to do what's called a breath test. So, what's the breath test? I haven't been drinking this morning! So, this is a breath test not to measure alcohol in your breath... OK. ...but a gas, hydrogen, which, if you don't absorb lactose, there's a lot of hydrogen produced. But hydrogen's flammable. Uh, yes, it is but we're just gonna measure it we're not gonna burn it. OK. We're not gonna light my burps! Usually, lactose is absorbed within the small intestine. However, for people with lactose intolerance, it passes straight into the colon and is fermented by the bacteria that live there. This produces hydrogen, which escapes... any way it can! I fasted eight hours for this test, so I'm keen to get it over with. But before I do, we need a base-line reading to establish how much hydrogen is normal for me. [gasps] That's all I've got! - It says "1ppm". - Yeah, so, that's good. So, it's just gone up to 2ppm now and so that's a normal base-line of hydrogen. So, what's next? OK, so, the next part is we'll give you some lactose. So I'll just mix it in the glass now and bomb's away. Oh, jeez. "Bomb's away" could be right. This solution has the same lactose as half a litre of milk. About three times as much as my daily coffee. Is it tasty? You tell me. Alright. Hmm. It's sweet. A little bit sweet. 'Sweet' does not mean good. I would do anything for a coffee right now. Even a soy one! Alright. Now we wait! [Dr Andrew] No going back now. With results sometimes taking hours to show up, I've now got a long wait on my hands. And, uh, well, in case I need it, where's the toilet? You'll find it. That sounds ominous... [cows mooing] - Morning! - G'day, Sandro. How are you? [Dr Sandro] According to one study, more than a third of us want to eat more healthy food but not everyone's as lucky as I've been, growing up here, on my parents' farm, surrounded by it. My dad's Italian, so I was raised on a predominantly Mediterranean-style diet and many of my relatives have lived longer-than-average lives. Now, as a doctor, I've seen many studies suggest a diet high in vegetables, seeds and olive oil is good for our health but new evidence suggests it might be good for our mental health too. In fact, there's a whole new field of study emerging around diet and mood. It's called nutritional psychiatry... which is why I'm heading to Geelong in Victoria, Australia, home of the first faculty in the world dedicated to it. I'm hoping to find out exactly how nutritional psychiatry suggests good food could help make us happier. - Professor Jacka. - Hi. How are you? - Sandro. Lovely to meet you. - Lovely to meet you too. - Do you want to come through? - Love to. OK. Great. Professor Felice Jacka is one of the scientists behind this radical new field of research here at Deakin's Food and Mood Centre. And like me, she also enjoys cooking! But the professor's passion for good food goes well past the pot. She believes that where it ends up, deep in our gut, is key to our wellbeing. The relationship between our brains and our guts can you tell us a little bit more about that? Look, it's really fascinating. What's becoming increasingly clear is that the gut microbiota that live in and on us play a very important role in the immune system, in metabolism, body weight but also in mood and behaviour. [Dr Sandro] Our microbiome is a collection of bacteria living in our gut, inherited from our mother and the environment around us. These micro-organisms number in the millions and are essential to many of our bodily functions, including our immune system, which scientists now suspect may help keep our mental health in check. To do its job, a gut microbiome needs a steady supply of fibre-rich grains, vegetables and legumes such as peas, beans and other edible pods. Now, ideally, we should be getting between 30 and 50 grams of dietary fibre a day. Only about 5% of adults in Australia consume the recommended intake of vegetables and legumes. Only about half a percent of kids. So the gut microbiota can't do what they're designed to do, which of course has huge implications for our health, because the immune system underpins every aspect of our health, including our mental health. Not all experts agree but if Professor Jacka's right, our fibre-deficient diets could be affecting both our gut and our mood. And it's not just us. Because we pass our gut microbiome on to our kids, something as simple as a few extra serves of veg a day could be a factor in their future wellbeing too. Very important studies show that after four generations of a fibre-deficient diet, the microbiome diversity couldn't be, um, saved, rescued, by introducing fibre again. So we really need to, uh, get back to basics and help children to learn about food in a way that is really joyful. Because we have to intervene to stop this intergenerational transmission of disease. It's shocking to think future generations could inherit irreversibly bad guts ad perhaps a predisposition to depression. But there is hope and that's where the centre's Mediterranean diet study comes in. And I'm on my way to meet one of its star participants, Sarah. Apparently she's seen a big reduction in her depression symptoms since taking part in the trial and I want to find out exactly what it is that's made such a big difference for her. Now, it was a small preliminary trial but one-third of the participants found their depression eased after making changes to their diet, compared to only 8% in a control group, whose diet remained unchanged. - Hello! - Hi. - How are you? - Sarah. Sandro. - Sandro, nice to meet you. - Thank you so much for having me. You're very, very welcome. Do you want to come in? - Yeah, love to. - Excellent. Um, I just thought I'd do a smoked salmon salad. - Yum. - With nice Mediterranean stuff in it. - Delicious. - So, yeah. - Can I do anything? - Nope. - OK. - 'Cause you're in my kitchen. - [laughs] - It's my kitchen! Clearly Sarah's a keen follower of the diet she was first introduced to on the trial, a modified Mediterranean diet that focuses more on the fibre-rich veg, nuts, legumes and seeds and less on the carbs. And so, can you tell me a little bit about what your diet was like before you started the trial? Sure. It's, um... Well, actually, it was non-existent. - [chuckles] - OK. So, yeah, it wasn't overly... overly good. And what were you eating? Would it be food like this? I mean, look, I'd always eat some vegetables at night with the kids. - I'd always eat a bit of protein. - Yep. - But I'd only be eating one meal a day. - Right. I wouldn't be eating, you know, anything else. Not eating properly, probably. I would eat, like, probably, bread and something quick like toast and drink coffee and... just to get me through, just to fill the stomach. OK. So many people don't understand that when you've got depression, it's just impossible to think about things that are gonna make you healthy, because quite honestly, you want to do stuff that doesn't make you healthy, 'cause you just want to die. You just want to die. It's horrible. Sarah was already on medication for her depression but is convinced her new diet helped her turn a corner. Did you find that eating well in turn increased your motivation? Yeah! Yeah, it did. You feel like you're in this big, black hole and you cannot get out of it and you feel like someone's pushing you down, down, down, down and so finally, when I had some direction on my food, I sort of felt like I was being lifted up. The more nutrients that I was getting into my body, the better I felt. - Shall we eat? - Love to. Excellent. - This looks amazing. - I hope so. I hope you like it. One person who saw the transformation first hand was Sarah's mum, Barb. Sarah was telling me about, um, the change in her diet since she was on the trial. The change in her was amazing, once she started on this diet. Well, she became brighter, she was excited and, um, she used to talk... she'd talk to us about it. And I was quite amazed. I really hadn't realised how bad things were with her but like most people with depression, she covered it up very well, quite often, yeah. So, Sarah, looking at the future, will you stay with the diet, do you think, and stick with the new way of eating? Absolutely, yeah. Certainly not a medication replacement and that's one thing that I'm very, uh, aware of. It just... it's a complementary, um, thing and it's helped in so many other ways, rather than just the depression. You know, I haven't been sick for two years. And it's funny, that - it's been two years since I started on this. So, yeah, going forward, definitely, it's medication if you need it, diet, exercise, have a laugh. And on top of that, it's also pretty delicious. - It is, it is. - It's pretty good. Sarah's ability to turn her life around like this is inspiring and while bigger and more controlled research still needs to be done, if good food and a healthy gut is shown to ease depression, then millions of lives could be positively affected, like Sarah's. While it is still early days for the field of nutritional psychiatry research, there's a growing body of evidence now connecting what we eat with how we feel. So until we know more, we shouldn't underestimate the effect good diet could have on our mental health. And that's certainly food for thought. [Dr Shalin] I feel more than just guilty after an ice-cream binge, I feel positively bloated. I've been putting it down to lactose intolerance but it could be something more serious, which is why I'm getting it checked out. So, how are you feeling? Uh, little bit of a rumbling but, uh, nothing drastic just yet. OK. Well, let's blow into the machine and see what we've got. Alright. I took a huge hit of lactose two hours ago. I have since been doing this every 30 minutes. If my hydrogen levels go 20 points higher than my base-line of 2 parts per million, I'm definitely lactose-intolerant. It's rising. Up she goes. Where she stops, nobody knows. 15! Still going. 33, 34. Ooh, 38. So, that's a... that's a definite positive, Shalin. Right. So that means you've definitely got lactose intolerance. - Is that on the high range? - That's a pretty mild reading. It's definitely a positive reading but sometimes we see people who go up to 100 or even 200. - So... it's relatively mild. - I see. Um, but what's your advice for me from now? So, you've only got mild lactose intolerance, Shalin, and so you're able to have some dairy but probably just in limited amounts. So you can still have a coffee but perhaps a smaller one. [ding!] Whoo-hoo! - Yeah? - And the other important thing is to make sure you have plenty of calcium in your diet. Alright. So I can still keep having my flat whites? Yeah but just maybe piccolo rather than grande. [laughs] Indeed. - Well, thanks very much for your time. - No worries. - See you later. - Bye. Well, there you have it. I thought I was lactose-intolerant and guess what I am. But it's important to know that lactose intolerance itself is not a serious health issue, as long as I get enough calcium. However, avoidance of other food groups can have more serious health consequences. So if you feel you have an intolerance, ask the doctor. [Dr Renee] Now, as a health professional, I'm already a fan of nutritious food but what about the other stuff we're constantly consuming? You know, drinks! Water is obviously the first thing that springs to mind and the daily recommended minimal intake for adults is 2.1 litres per day for women and 2.6 for men. But just as there are fad diets, there are also plenty of fad beverages. So if you're into regular exercise, then you probably know there's a whole world out there of colourful sports drinks that promise to maximise your performance, energise you and rehydrate you. The fact is these drinks, which were once aimed at endurance athletes, are high in sugar and salt, two things that modern diets are hardly lacking. So unless you're running marathons, there's a lot of research to say stick with tap water, which is just as effective and doesn't have the hefty price tag or the extra calories. Now, we should have a little talk about coconut water. Yes, it tastes good and yes, it is refreshing but claims that coconut water is a more natural or a better way to hydrate are interesting... Because comparative studies have shown that unless you're doing long periods of intense exercise in extreme heat, water really is just as good. [loud whirring] You can't have a conversation about fad drinks without talking green smoothies, which are all the rage. So, the thinking goes like this. We know fruit juice is a problem, because it's full of sugar with no fibre. Green smoothies, on the other hand, retain all the fibre, pulp and skin of fruits and greens by blending everything at high velocity with water. However, there are pros and cons. So, these smoothies, on the one hand, are getting people to eat healthy whole fruits and greens, which they otherwise might not have and that's a good thing. But there is research that suggests smoothies may rob you of the satisfaction you get from eating solid food, which could lead to more eating. And when there's too much fruit, it can be a problem too, as the high sugar and acidic nature of sweeter smoothies can be damaging to your teeth. And so the thing with beverage fads is that while they can have benefits, they seldom trump the oldest and most popular drink of all. [Dr Shalin] I've just been told I'm officially lactose-intolerant. And like everyone in my situation, it's important I find ways to get calcium into my body that don't include a big, frothy coffee. But it's not as easy as it sounds. In Western cultures, dairy is by far the biggest source of calcium. - G'day, Shalin. - Hey, Malcolm. How are you? Thanks very much for having me today. But what is calcium and why do we need it? To find out, I've come to this space-age building to meet Dr Malcolm Riley, a nutrition scientist and an expert in health and diet. He's also a keen rock climber. Calcium, I mean, that's something that we all hear about, growing up, is milk has calcium and that's important for your bone growth. So what's the evidence there? Yeah, so, we store calcium in our bones. That structure keeps getting stronger and denser and bigger until about our mid-20s and then it loses density for the rest of our lives. Right. So the important thing is to build the strongest bone we can in our mid-20s, to build the highest bone density and an adequate supply of calcium is particularly important for that. So it's kind of like putting deposits in the calcium bank. Yep, I think that's a good analogy. [Dr Shalin] Each day, the body uses calcium to clot blood, make skin, nails and hair and aid in muscle contraction. And we also lose a bit sweating. So it's really important I maintain an adequate supply. Where am I going to get my calcium from if I reduce my dairy intake? OK. The thing is, even if you're lactose intolerant, you don't have to avoid lactose completely. - You can have small amounts of lactose. - Right. Maybe the easiest way to do this is to demonstrate some foods and talk about their calcium contents. - Sounds great. - Let's go. That could be life-changing for me. I love dairy and would rather not lose it altogether. To prove his point, Dr Riley has asked me to help him set up a table with loads of different foods, which have all been portioned out to show a calcium content comparable to one glass of milk. So, the lactose content of that serve of milk is around about 15 grams, in that glass. But the cheese the lactose is all gone. - It's all gone? - Yep. Yep. So, there's less than 1 gram. - So it's... - So it's just fermented away? Yeah, that's the best way to put it. So, around about equivalent in calcium content, we have feta cheese. But you can see the concentration is lower than in the cheddar cheese. Right. So you need to eat more feta than you do cheddar cheese to get the same amount of calcium. That's exactly right. Well, feta's going to be no problem for me, 'cause my wife's Greek, so... - Yeah, that's, uh... - There's plenty of that going around. And my favourite feta is actually an Australian feta but I know other people favour fetas from different places. - The Greek one's better. - [laughs] Any three to four of these serves, including the milk option, will help me meet my daily requirements of calcium. So, fish with bones, nuts, calcium-fortified tofu and figs are all good sources of calcium, as are, of course, green vegetables. Which means there's one food fad that might actually be doing some good. And kale, in fact, is higher in calcium than the other vegetables bok choy and broccoli that we have here. - Right. - Yeah. So the kale-eating hipsters are on to something? [laughs] Well, you always knew they were, didn't you? If I'm honest, I could be accused of being a bit of hipster myself. After all, I do have a beard and kale, a member of the cabbage family, is something I love to put in my salad. I've gotta say, I eat almost everything on this table, so I'm not too worried about my calcium intake. It's still quite a lot of vegetable, though. Yeah, it is. I'm not gotta eat that much bok choy in a meal. It is but you might... well, you might or might not eat it across the course of a day and maybe that depends on your culture as well. Yeah. What are we going to do with all this food now? Well, I can put the sardines in a bag for you. I'm travelling. I don't think they'll keep. No, maybe not but you'll... you'll make conversation on the plane! [laughs] [laughing] Getting to the bottom of my dietary sensitivities has been a personal experience but if you've got any concerns, get it checked out, if only for peace of mind. After all, happiness is a precious thing. [Dr Shalin] It's so exciting to see the advances we're making in the understanding of the gut and the role it might play in mental health. It's research that could change lives not just ours but future generations' too. I now know that there is a light at the end of the tunnel. I can... You know, if I eat well and stay well, well, then I should be OK. And that's something we can all get excited about. Oh, go on, Gary. You can have a chip. But only one! Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 