Ask the Doctor: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ask the Doctor 
 s1e5 - Pain - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ask the Doctor (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Pain - full transcript 
 We discover why pain is one of the most common reasons we visit the doctor and see how new research is shaking up our understanding of how it works. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Like it or not, pain is a part of life. But while for most of us, thankfully, it's short-lived, others battle chronic pain on a daily basis. Globally, one in five of us suffers from chronic pain. So in this episode, we're going to explore some new ways of treating an old problem. Ow! [Renee] And we ask the agonising question... why do we feel pain? Sandro takes one for the team... - How are you today? - A little nervous. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [Renee] ...to demonstrate cutting-edge neurological techniques to manage chronic pain. [Sandro] Have you done this before? [Segar] Many times. [Renee] And using virtual reality... - Oh, my gosh! - [laughter] [Renee] ...I discover how chronic pain can be alleviated through mind-bending trickery. [Tasha] When we actually manipulate how their body part feels, it takes away their pain. Oh, that's so weird! [theme music] [Shalin] When you think about it, pain is pretty weird. I mean, why does stubbing your toe hurt so damn much, but then you read about people losing entire limbs 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 without experiencing any pain at all? It raises a couple of very interesting questions... what is pain, and where does it come from? And I'm going to try and answer these questions with this needle. Now, of course, it's been fully sterilised, not that it makes what I'm about to do any easier. Ow! Now, let's take a look at what actually just happened. When the pin pierced the surface of my finger, it caused damage-sensing nociceptor cells to be activated and fire a signal towards the spinal cord and brain. The signal itself isn't pain, it's really just an alarm to let the body know that something dangerous or damaging has happened. It's a highly complex process that determines if and how much pain a person will feel. And even though it seems like the pain I felt from jabbing myself with that needle was coming from my finger, in truth, the whole sensation was perceived as pain... by my brain. [Renee] Pain medications are many and varied, but which pill should you take for which pain? Ibuprofen works by reducing inflammation, so it's useful for pain such as headache or muscle sprain. But it can be risky for people with asthma, stomach ulcers, and the elderly. Aspirin acts similarly to ibuprofen and can reduce your blood's ability to clot, so your doctor may prescribe it if you're at risk of a heart attack. Paracetamol can reduce inflammation and pain, but is much gentler on the stomach. However, it can cause liver damage if too much is taken, so never exceed the recommended dose. With a number of treatment options available at your fingertips, we asked you the question... what helps you feel better when you're in pain? [Sandro] Pain is experienced by many of us on a daily basis. And whilst there's a perception that women have a higher pain tolerance than men, it's actually women who report being in chronic pain more often. Scientific studies show contributing factors are sex hormones and genetics. Yet many feel us blokes are the big complainers about small amounts of pain. I guess it's time for me to put that to the test. I'm in Sydney to find out firsthand how my brain responds to pain, and I'm a little nervous about what's involved. I'm about to undergo a brain imaging MRI, but before I can be scanned, I'll be served a large dose of pain. - Hi, Sylvia. Sandro. Lovely to meet you. - Sandro. Nice to meet you. [Sandro] It will be inflicted on me by Dr Sylvia Gustin, a senior neuroscientist and psychologist. She's been studying the brain's response to pain for 20 years. [plays smooth sax tune] So it's no surprise in the evening she relaxes with a soothing sax. Normally Sylvia and radiographer Segar scan the brains of chronic pain sufferers. But using their latest research in understanding how the brain reacts to pain, they hope to address ways to come up with treatments that don't include drugs. And today, I'm their guinea pig. My name is Segar, the MRI radiographer. So I'm in your capable hands today. Yes, you are indeed. How are you today? A little nervous, but usually I'm sending someone off for an MRI, not myself, so, um... The bit I'm really nervous about, of course, is the pain, which is coming in the form of a saline solution, or saltwater. At some stage you'll let me know when you start putting the hypertonic saline into my leg, or...? We will not let you know that. No, it will just start to happen? Wow, I'm glad I asked that question. Yeah, because this is how pain starts. Pain starts suddenly, yeah? - OK. - So you're without any warning, yeah? Right, so this is your hospital gown, and so we get you changed. - Is that it? - Yes. - There's no more? - No more. All there. [laughs] - It's gonna be cold. - [laughter] [Sandro] Not only am I nervous, but now I'm doing it in a paper dress. Wait, why isn't Shalin doing this? - Pretty stylish. - OK, let's start. - We're going to get your glasses off. - Let's do it. Great. - Can you see without your glasses? - Blind and in pain, excellent. - So now... [laughs] - Let's do it. Before the scan begins, I'm having a cannula fitted. It will be used later to administer the saline solution... - Was that very painful? - Ah, didn't feel a thing. ...which, when directly injected into muscle rather than a vein, will induce quite severe pain. [Sylvia] If there is anything and you want to stop the experiment, please press the buzzer and then we stop immediately. [Sandro] OK. [Segar] Is everything alright with you, Mr Sandro? - Yep. - Good. We're going to ask you to check the buzzer. [buzzer beeps] - That's it. - Right. So, when you will start feeling the pain in your right leg, then please press the buzzer one time. And if the pain stops, just press about five to seven times. [Sandro] What do you mean, "pain stops"? Ah, if you don't feel pain anymore. [Sandro] OK, but what is the... If that's... I'm confused. If I don't feel happy and I want to stop the experiment, what is the signal? Oh, if you want to stop the experiment... - Are you planning to stop the experiment? [Sandro] No. - OK. [Sylvia chuckles] OK. [Segar] Right, um, if you want to get up from the scanner, just continuously press. [Sandro] OK. [Segar] Sounds good? [Sandro] And Segar, have you done this before? [Segar] Many times. [Sandro] OK, great. [Sandro] So, clearly I'm nervous. - Thanks, buddy! [Segar] Yeah. [Sylvia] Do you have any pain at the moment, Sandro, from the cannula? [Sandro] No. None. [Sylvia] OK, that's fantastic. We will look into your brain, what's going on now while you have no brain... While you have no pain. [chuckles] OK, we'll start now. [Sandro] My heart's racing and I'm starting to sweat, so I'm wondering if that's what will be showing up on the scans? [Sylvia] So, what we are now seeing here is actual slides of the brain. Ah, quite a little bit of activation here, I think because Sandro is a little bit scared, yeah? He doesn't know exactly what is coming. So there is quite a little bit of activation in the prefrontal cortex. - Shall I step inside? - Yeah. - To do the... - Yeah, yeah, I think so. [Sandro] And now for the part I've been dreading. Ooh! Ow! [buzzer beeps once] [Sylvia] OK, the pain has started. Sandro buzzed one time. [buzzer beeps three times] And now it's increasing, yeah? [Sandro] I can feel cramping and sharp pain slowly spreading as the saline works its way through my muscle. It really hurts. [Sylvia] Oh, wow. Now we can see there's a lot of red blobs that are coming up. That means the brain is very active, yeah? In particular we see in emotional pain processing areas, but also in somatosensory areas. [Sandro] The somatosensory cortex, the part of the brain that processes physical feelings, is registering my leg pain, and that's because its job is to detect touch, temperature and pressure stimuli and turn them into danger signals where needed. This response is now showing up alongside other active brain regions, the emotional ones, which were triggered by my nervous anticipation. [buzzer beeps five times] Thankfully, after five minutes or so, the pain subsides. So we know now that the pain has diminished. [Sandro] And everything goes back to normal. We can't see there any more activity in the prefrontal cortex or emotional brain processing areas because I think he's very happy now and he's very relieved it's over, and he knows, "Now I can come out of the scanner and I've done it." - Cool. A bit sweaty. [both laugh] A bit sweaty from the stress, I think. So, Sandro, you've done well. Well done. Thanks very much, Sylvia. So, how's the pain at the moment? Is it gone, or still a little bit? No, the pain's mostly gone now. - Mostly gone. - Yeah. When we started the experiment, on a scale from zero to ten, so, zero means no pain, and ten, the most imaginable worst pain? Yeah, like, it crept on quite suddenly. Sort of hit two, three quite quickly. OK, two, three. And then as it increased? Yeah. And then I think it got to probably about eight or nine. - Oh, wow, that's-- - Or, yeah, maybe seven or eight. - No, no, no, you said... No, no, no-- - But it was pretty... - Yeah, it was pretty sore. - No, it was, definitely. It's... [Sandro] Now, the big question. Am I a total wimp? Um, I would say you are somehow in the average, yeah? - OK. - There are a little bit more brave people. - Yeah? But there are also-- - I'm not surprised. [both chuckle] [Sandro] So, women might be more prone to chronic pain, but with that performance, I think I've just levelled the field. Well, I think the anticipation was probably in many ways worse than the pain itself, but either way, I will not be making a regular habit of putting myself through pain. Of course, there's a big difference between the five minutes of acute pain I underwent and the chronic pain patients that Sylvia usually scans. So, it looks like I have a brain. It's quite a good-looking brain, I would say... [Sandro] Chronic pain is a condition where discomfort from injury or illness doesn't shut off, even though the incident has passed. So I'm really interested to see how my brain compares. So, in particular what we have seen today - was activation here in thalamus. - Mm-hm. [Sylvia] And then we have seen activation also in the primary somatosensory cortex, and what we have actually seen in you, before we started the injection, yeah, we have actually seen quite a bit of activation here... - In the prefrontal area. - ...in the prefrontal cortex. - And that makes sense, doesn't it? - Yeah, because... - Yeah, a bit anxious. - ...you've been a little bit anxious. So what you're saying is that we've seen sort of two patterns of brain activity. One is relating to the pain in my leg. Then we also saw some prefrontal activity that was probably more related to me having insight into the fact that something was coming and being a bit nervous - and being a bit, probably a bit chicken. - Yeah. And so we see that lighting up, and then we actually see the pain centres lighting up. That's interesting. So how would this look different if it was chronic pain, that is long-term pain, as opposed to pain that only lasts a few minutes? [Sylvia] So, in people with ongoing pain, our research showed that they have structural function biochemical changes. - And one area is the thalamus. - Mm-hm. [Sandro] Among other things, the thalamus relays sensations from the peripheral nervous system to the cortex of the brain, a bit like a boom gate. It's one of a number of regions Sylvia's team have found misfires in chronic pain sufferers. Another is the medial prefrontal cortex, which regulates emotions. [Sylvia] This might mean that your medial prefrontal cortex has lost its ability to dampen down your emotions, - and therefore everything gets amplified. - Wow. So the more you anticipate pain, the more you think about pain, somehow the more is the increase in pain. So the pain increases your emotions, the emotions increase your perception of the pain, which increases the emotions again, and you end up in this cycle of both? [Sylvia] Exactly, yeah. - Right. This idea of a self-perpetuating, or vicious, cycle could explain the plight of chronic pain sufferers whose symptoms sometimes inexplicably last for months or even years. So these insights into the emotional side of chronic pain could shed light on more effective treatments in the future. [Renee] We recently put out a question on social media... how do you manage your chronic pain? [laid-back rock music] Wait, did you think I was smoking cigarettes? I'm Indian, and we love burning the incense. [sitar music] But what has smoking cigarettes got to do with pain? Not only is smoking the leading cause of lung cancer and leaves us smelling less than desirable, but there's new evidence to suggest that smokers are at greater risk of back pain than non-smokers. The cigarette smoke reduces blood flow to the spinal region, making it more vulnerable to injury. So this could be another good reason to quit those ciggies. [Renee] The complexity of chronic pain is something medical professionals are gaining more understanding of every day. Dr Nick Christelis is a pain specialist physician... who also likes spinning tunes. [record scratching] [Nick] Chronic pain is huge. It's a massive problem. It affects all types of people, young and old. In this clinic we see up to about a thousand patients per year suffering from some form of chronic pain. [Renee] Dr Christelis helps his patients with a three-to four-point plan, starting with medication, but building to ultrasounds and nerve-scrambling therapies to block pain signals before they get to the brain. Pain medications only help some people some of the time, up to about 30% of the time, which is not a high number. Invariably, if medications don't provide a good form of pain reduction, then we would move on to other forms of therapies, and this includes blocking off a nerve using an injection. Sometimes we can burn nerves, sometimes even just heat up nerves to provide longer lasting pain control. That gives us a short window of opportunity to rehabilitate the patient. [Renee] It seems pill-popping alone is no longer the simple solution. Now, medication and nerve therapy are incorporated into a wider program of exercise and rehabilitation. A lot of people come in and say, "I'm exhausted. I'm exhausted physically and I'm exhausted emotionally by my pain." So these advanced techniques need to be combined with a holistic pain management approach, otherwise invariably they don't give us the success we're looking for. [Renee] This new holistic approach to pain management is gaining momentum, in part thanks to this rather special creation. It's a travelling science lab on wheels, known simply as the Brain Bus, and I caught up with it on the Great Ocean Road in Victoria, Australia, along with its creator, Lorimer Moseley. He's a professor of clinical neuroscience... and he also likes bubblegum milkshakes. Professor Moseley's so passionate about chronic pain, he's dedicated his life to educating people about it. What do you think are the real major causes of chronic pain? Well, chronic pain is so complex, Renee, it really is. And I think the major causes are learning within your nervous system, actually. I mean, there's a lot of causes of injury, but most injuries heal, and then the nervous system sometimes keeps sending danger messages up to the brain, and we know that whenever the nervous system does anything a lot, it gets better at doing it. [Renee] This is exactly what Sandro learned back in the lab. Some people's pain response goes into overdrive, with an added psychological element. How's this for a stat? If you hurt your back, and someone tells you you need an MRI... that makes you less likely to recover. Not getting the MRI, being told you need one. [Renee] To help get this message out there, the Brain Bus is a travelling community resource created to support patients of chronic pain on their road to recovery, and it does it by demonstrating the power of the mind. - Hi! - Hi. - Tash? - Yes. - Renee. Nice to meet you. - Lovely to meet you. - And you must be Dan? - Yes. - Nice to meet you, Renee. - Nice to meet you, guys. - What an awesome bus. - I know, right? [Renee] Dr Tasha Stanton and Dr Dan Harvie are at the helm of this innovative pain experiment with some... unusual props. [Renee] You've got, like, a hand. [Tasha] Yes, this creeps some people out. It's a rubber hand, so all good. [laughs] [Renee] OK, so, she carries a rubber hand around. That's... interesting. I've never done virtual reality before. Ooh. Oh, my gosh. This test is a starting point, showing how easily our brains can be tricked by things that aren't really there. Why am I slurping? I don't even know why I'm slurping! It's an important step in understanding the role perception plays in chronic pain. - Ahh, I spilled my coffee! - Don't spill it on yourself. [laughter] [Renee] This is impressive, but their next trick shows how whole new body parts can be imagined. - So I just put that there? [Tasha] That's perfect. - Sorry, playing with your hands. [Tasha] Not at all. So now I'm going to get you to put your other hand behind here. Yeah, that's great, and your other one on this side. And I'm just going to drape this over the top of you. - So I can't see my-- - Exactly. So, we're going to make it so that you cannot see your hand. That's not my hand. So, with my real hand hidden behind the screen, they plan to trick my brain into thinking old horror hand has replaced it. I really can't see this one working. [Tasha] And what we're doing is, we're going to see if you can lose your hand. And all I'm going to do is, I'm just gonna stroke it with the brush. [Renee] While Tasha is stroking the fake hand, she's also stroking my real hand. I know this is happening, yet strangely, the illusion is working. [Tasha] Yeah, and where is your hand located? It feels like it's here. - That's so weird. - It does, doesn't it? So, because you're seeing your hand being touched and I'm touching your other hand behind the screen, same place, same time, your brain then decides that this has to be your hand. - But that's not my hand. [Tasha] That's not your hand. My god, I had to check it wasn't my hand. That's so weird. You're not my hand! You're not my hand! - [exhales] OK. [Tasha laughs] [Renee] Brain Bus two, Renee zero. Let's see if I can be muddled by the mirage machine. I'm not sure if you're going to chop my head off or something. Yeah, that's fair enough. [laughs] - I promise it's safe. [Renee] OK. [Tasha] If you can put your right hand into the machine here, in the bottom bit. - In here? - Yep. And you should be able to see it - if you look in this top mirrored portion. - Yep. - Definitely my own hand. - Perfect. So, what we're gonna do today is we're gonna see if you have stretchy fingers. Now, can I get you to make a fist and point at me with your index finger. I'm just going to grab the end of your finger here and I want you to just keep watching what happens to your finger, OK? [Tasha] Oh, that's interesting. - Oh, that's so weird! [Tasha] I knew it! [Renee] Well, this is bizarre. Oh, my gosh! [laughs] Of course, rationally, I know this can't be happening, but my brain feels as warped as my finger. [Tasha] So, what we do in this illusion, it's combining vision and touch. - It's messing with your brain. - Yep. And we see that in people with chronic pain, that often their perceptions of their body part are impaired. Explains why when you talk to patients, and you try to tell them that something isn't true, they're often like, "Well, but it's real for me." [Tasha] And also I think that's the power of X-rays and imaging, is you're seeing this visual image and it can be incredibly powerful. [Renee] Yeah, definitely. [Tasha] Yep. [Renee] It's certainly impressed me, but then, very fortunately, I'm pain-free. And how about patients with chronic pain? I mean, do you deal with those sorts of people? Yeah, I do. So, we have various studies that are looking at people with chronic pain. The ones I work with the most are painful osteoarthritis, and we do some really cool illusions with them that, basically, that changes in front of their eyes, in real-time video, what their body part looks and feels like to them. And what we found is that they're analgesic. So when we actually manipulate how their body part feels to them, it takes away their pain. See if there's anything interesting in the cupboard to your left. [Renee] It's incredible to think such simple illusions have the power to take pain away without medication. [Tasha] It's crazy, isn't it? - Yeah. I just can't believe it. I'm glad you liked it. [Renee] The Brain Bus, and Moseley's pain revolution, is really exciting, and it's bringing relief to people who really need it. People like Dave Jones. Dave's no stranger to chronic pain, but has taken a multi-disciplinary, multi-modal approach to his pain management using brain training techniques, exercise and meditation, among other strategies, to get it under control. But not until he'd already spent nearly 17 years suffering the agony of chronic back pain after falling onto a slab of concrete at work. So, you've actually tried a lot of different treatments, I believe, over the last sort of 17 years. Can you sort of take me through some of them? Oh, physio, osteo, chiropractors, acupuncture. I reckon I've been to see just about everybody except for that bloke with the fish and the smoke and the igloo - that chants a bit. - It was at least interesting. Yeah, it would have been made for an interesting adventure, but anyway. Yeah. So, obviously, during this whole period, you've been taking medications. Do you think they've been helpful? [Dave] Not really. They just mask the symptoms. And I was very aware of the addictiveness of a lot of the things that I was being given, and I didn't want to go down that track. [Renee] But it wasn't just the physical pain that was having an effect on Dave and family. How has this whole process affected your relationship with your wife? It's made it really, really difficult, and, uh... Sorry. [chuckles] [Renee] No, that's fine. That's fine. Take your time. Um, I'm very lucky that Kaylene's an extraordinarily calm person, so she's been incredible with her support. - She deserves a medal. - [chuckles] [Renee] It was Dave's wife, Kaylene, who encouraged him to read the research of Professor Moseley and apply both a physical and emotional approach to his pain management. [Dave] Armed with the information I got, I've developed a heap of little mantras that I say in my head. [Renee] Mm-hm. [Dave] And I've maintained my physio and a lot of my exercise. Basically I just keep telling myself in my head that I shouldn't be having that pain, because the accident I had was 17 years ago. So I just keep initiating that and initiating that in my head, and it seems to not let the pain episode escalate out of control. It seems to maintain it. [Renee] And do you still have pain? [Dave] I live with the pain still, but on a lower scale, and it's manageable. I sleep at night, I can go out and kick a footy, I can do things, but it's manageable. [Renee] Chronic pain is a complex problem, and while some people benefit from medication or things like surgery, for others, it seems there's something else going on. And research is showing that that thing might be our brains. Dr Gustin's work, although still in its infancy, is exciting. You can see how one type of brain activity would reinforce the other. [Renee] Understanding the brain's response to pain will help develop more bespoke treatments for chronic pain sufferers in the future. And it's amazing to think that something as simple as mind management techniques could help ease the agony for so many. And how does the future look to you now? Oh, the future's looking great. Just amazing. Amazing. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 