Ask the Doctor: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ask the Doctor 
 s1e7 - Exercise - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ask the Doctor (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Exercise - full transcript 
 With many of people not doing the recommended amount of exercise, sitting has become the new smoking. Dr Sandro Demaio checks out the seven-minute workout and Dr Renee Lim looks at the link between exercise and mental wellbeing. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Dr Shalin Naik] People love to celebrate. Parties, milestones, sporting events. There's often a common thread running through all of them. Booze and lots of it. Thanks, mate. But while our drinking culture is sometimes regarded as a badge of honour, just how big a toll is it taking on our bodies? - Cheers, guys. - Cheers. In this episode, we ask the question, how much is too much? - Cheers, everyone. - Cheers. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I explode some popular myths about alcohol over a boozy lunch, with some surprising results. - So you're three times... [laughter] - ...over what he is. - I'm quite shocked. Sandro finds out if alcohol can ever be good for you... What researchers found was that many of the past studies made the same fundamental error. ...and Renee investigates whether binge drinking is destroying young lives... It's confronting, it can be heartbreaking and sometimes it can be dangerous for everyone involved. ...as we discover the truths around alcohol and our health. [Dr Shalin] Drinking alcohol is one of our favourite pastimes. But the reality is that this social activity has some pretty sobering ramifications for our health. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So I'm about to take part in an experiment with five other people to find out what actually happens to our bodies over a two-hour lunch that involves a fair amount of, you guessed it, alcohol. - Hey, guys! - Hey. How are you? - How you going? - Yeah, great. Looking forward to the lunch? - Ooh, yeah. - Absolutely. Each of us will drink six 100-mil glasses of wine or champagne, with the same alcohol content, over a two-hour period, to try and answer some of the universal questions about binge drinking. Joining in to the 'spirit' of this gathering are twins Addison and Dale. I've lost count of how many binge-drinks I've had, ever. Um, but no, I definitely... I am aware of the effects of binge drinking. I know it's definitely not good for you. Today, Dale will enjoy a big lunch while Addison will only be given a handful of corn chips, as we hope to discover if eating a big meal affects your blood alcohol level. Good mates Alex and Jacqui are ready to find out if bubbles do get you intoxicated more quickly than still wine. While my own 82-kilogram body -- I mean, temple -- will be compared to Lisa's petite 52-kilogram frame as we investigate two other common beliefs, that size matters when you drink and that females are more at risk. Yeah, I think it's very interesting about size and gender and how much each person can drink and what your alcohol reading would be. Six drinks is probably the usual night out. I probably have more than that, actually, so... [laughs] On medical standby today is professor Ed Ogden, an addiction specialist who is also a Scout leader. And as we know, they're always prepared. See you all on the other side. Cheers. [Ed Ogden] Well, it's a very interesting assignment I've been given today, supervising a group of people drinking more than they should over a lunch. It's not truly a scientific experiment but there'll be some interesting lessons to be learnt. - You're a glass-half-full kind of person. - I try to be! [laughter] [Ed] One of the things about working in a drug and alcohol clinic is you do see the worst effects of alcohol consumption. Of all the drugs available, this is the one that causes the most problems. [conversation, laughter] [Dr Shalin] Just one warning. This is definitely not drinking in moderation and we're not suggesting you try this at home, because as Renee is about to discover, alcohol is running up a huge health bill and we're all paying the price. [siren wails] [man groans] [Dr Renee] This is the emergency department at the Austin Hospital in Melbourne. It's Saturday night and emergency staff all over Australia are inevitably going to have to deal with someone who has either been binge-drinking or has chronic alcohol abuse. Now, this is not a new environment for me. I work in emergency departments and I've seen the effect of alcohol on people. It's confronting, it can be heartbreaking and sometimes it can be dangerous for everyone involved. [woman groans] On the front line is Dr Simon Judkins, the Clinical Director of Emergency Medicine at Melbourne's Ausin Hospital and the President Elect of the Australasian College for Emergency Medicine. He's also a dedicated supporter of the Melbourne Demons. What's it gonna be like tonight? Well, it's like, it's a Saturday and it's busy and so, you know, there's a bit of a sense of trepidation 'cause you never really know what it's gonna be like. - Could be a great shift... - I know that feeling! ...could be a challenging shift - we just don't know. Get the hell out of the way! Oi, go this way, man! But right now, this medico is as mad as hell about the Australian attitude to binge drinking. [Dr Simon] We all know it's a massive problem. I think the thing that really distresses me and my colleagues is that it's a cultural norm to go out and drink as much as you can and the next day you wake up and your mates give you a pat on the back and say, "Well done! You had 36 drinks and that's a record!" So, you know, that's a real problem we need to change in Australia. [Dr Renee] Research shows that every day, alcohol claims around 15 lives and puts more than 400 Australians into hospital. That's a staggering national total of more than 5,500 lives lost yearly, four times the Australian road toll. [Dr Simon] So, it's the binge drinking that gets the headlines but we also see the other side of it, so that's that longer-term effects of chronic alcohol abuse. It's liver disease, pancreatitis, there's the neurological problems, people with head injuries who get, you know, chronic brain injury and there's the social impacts, I suppose, which we haven't touched on either. It's the families, the homelessness, etc, so that's the long-term impact on the healthcare system, which is, you know -- really drains healthcare dollars and resources as well. What do you think is the main message you'd want to tell people who are drinking? Enough is enough. I mean, you know, we see some horrific injuries, we see domestic violence, we see all sorts of bad things happening to people and the sad thing is that it's preventable. [Dr Renee] It's pretty clear that for a so-called social substance, the impact of this stuff can be scarily antisocial, which made me want to ask: [Dr Shalin] With so many of us consuming alcohol regularly, me and my lunch buddies are testing some common beliefs about what happens to our bodies when we drink excessively. [Jacqui] You're getting through that wine, Lisa! Thank you, thank you! Myself and Lisa will eat exactly the same meals... Ooh! ...and drink exactly the same amount of white wine, to find out if body size and gender makes a difference. [laughter] Jacqui and Alex will do the same but compare bubbles to flat wine. Our identical twins, however, are having the same amount of red wine but very different meals. Aww! Hands off, guys. Hands off. Don't eat it all at once! Addison is only getting a snack. [Shalin] Mate, I'm so sorry! - Oh, well. Thanks for taking one for the team. Look at that burger! [moans] His brother, lucky Dale, is getting a burger, chips... Oh, #foodenvy! [laughter] ...and a nacho salad, to demonstrate whether eating a substantial meal does help slow down the absorption rate of alcohol into the bloodstream. [Ed] So, how are you feeling, after one drink? I have to say, honestly, a little bit tipsy. [laughter] [Ed] Well, it'll be interesting to see what you're like after six, won't it? Yeah. Our special guest sommelier is in fact Professor Ed Ogden, our medicine man on standby. He'll also be in charge of the breath-testing, to measure just what's happening to us. Alcohol is, in fact, a depressant. It's a sedative. It slows the brain down. It works in the same part of the brain as the tranquillisers, so its appeal, the reason that people feel that it gives them energy, is that it's taken away some of their inhibitions and we refer to this as 'Dutch courage'. Drink number two. Drink sensibly. - Drink number two! [laughter] - Cut. [laughter] [Dr Shalin] We're only two drinks in and it's definitely starting to hit me. The first round of breath-testing is going to be intriguing, after one hour and three drinks each. One continuous blow. Jacqui has been on the sparkling wine and will be comparing her reading to Alex, who's been sipping flat wine. Jacqui's drinking wine of the same alcohol concentration but it has bubbles and the bubbles encourage the stomach to empty, therefore the bubbly wine will get to the intestine faster, will be absorbed faster. I'd expect her to have a higher blood alcohol sooner than if she were drinking a still wine. [Ed] 0.055. [Jacqui] Only just! So Jacqui has recorded 0.055. Now it's Alex's turn. [device beeps] 0.058. So, why has Jacqui returned a lower reading, despite drinking the bubbles? Well, this is just one example of how everyone's personal level of tolerance for alcohol is different, with so many genetic, physical and social factors coming into play. OK. So, when you're ready. But what about size and gender? Let's see what's happening with 52-kilogram Lisa... [laughter] - Stop it! ...compared to 82-kilogram me. [device beeps] - I knew it. I knew I would be. - 0.063. [Shalin] 0.063? [Ed] Yeah. That's a big number after three drinks! One continuous breath. That's it. 0.043. So yes, size does matter. [Ed] Because the alcohol goes into those parts of our body which are water, so a big person, by definition, has more water than a little person. And gender matters because women have a different body composition. They have more fat and therefore less water for the same body size, therefore the same amount of alcohol will give them a higher blood alcohol, because you're putting it into a smaller bucket. And what about the food factor? It's time to test the twins. First up, Addison, who's had very little to eat. [Ed] Prediction? I'm a bit full from lunch. I think that could help. [laughter] [Shalin] All those corn chips! I'm gonna go out on a whim and say I'll be right to drive. [Ed] 0.031. [Shalin] Now we all want to know how big an effect that burger will have on Dale's reading. [device beeps] - And it made a difference. - 0.022. [Shalin] 0.022! [Dale] Wow. [Shalin] Yes, that burger appears to have done its job and in this case, showed that food does matter. [Ed] Food affects the absorption of alcohol because most of the absorption is happening in the intestines and the alcohol will get to the intestines more slowly, therefore a later peak and it will be lower. - So you're three times... - OK! ...over what he is! - It's unbelievable. - Yes, there's a burger involved but still, if you were going drink for drink and didn't take those factors into account... It's quite amazing, really. I'm quite shocked. - Cheers, guys! - Cheers. [Shalin] Yes, it's looking like this little shindig is going to have consequences and that's something many of us know about. [snoring] [groans] [Dr Renee] Hangovers are our body's way of telling us we drank too much. And thus begins Gary's search for a cure. First, he reaches for bacon. But sadly, there's no scientific evidence to support the curative effects of bacon, or any other typical food remedy. Gary is also super-thirsty, in part because the diuretic properties of alcohol boosted his urine production as he partied but also because, as he was drinking booze, he wasn't drinking any water. However, while it's likely that dehydration does cause some of the symptoms of a hangover, like dizziness and light-headedness, there's a whole lot of other stuff going on. One theory involves the complicated process of getting booze out of our bodies. As our liver breaks down alcohol, one of the bi-products is acetaldehyde, a compound estimated to be up to 30 times more toxic than alcohol itself. In controlled studies, acetaldehyde has been shown to cause sweating, nausea and vomiting, which all sound about right for a bad hangover. So, now that you know some of the things that might be causing your hangover, what have you learnt for next weekend? That the only cure for feeling this bad is not drinking to excess? Oh, dear, Gary. You are a slow learner. Gary's not the only one who doesn't have a stop button. But how many drinks do you have to consume to be officially called a binge drinker? 8? 9? 10 or more in a single sitting? Guess again. Now, serving sizes vary but a standard drink of full-strength beer, for example, is 259 mils. And the Australian Bureau of Statistics defined binge drinking as more than seven standard drinks a night for men and more than five for women. But if you're wondering exactly what a moderate amount of alcohol is, respected health organisations describe it as no more than one standard drink per day for women of all ages and men over 65 and no more than two drinks a day for men aged 65 and under. Anything more than four drinks in one sitting is regarded as risky drinking. And talking about risk, do you ever wonder whether alcohol actually does destroy brain cells? Well, studies show that alcohol doesn't actually kill the brain cells but it can affect brain function. Alcohol acts on the nerve cells of the brain. Information leaps from one brain cell to another in the form of chemical messengers called neurotransmitters. They're a bit like the postman and alcohol messes with their delivery of the mail, which leads to things like slurred speech and not being able to operate your legs properly. Cheers. But what happens to young brains that are being exposed to a lot of alcohol? Brains that are not fully formed until the age of 25 or even later? I'm about to meet two scientists... Hi! Lindy and Maree? ...who are currently trying to prove just what binge drinking is doing to our adolescents. The dynamic duo are brain researcher Professor Caroline Rae and drug and alcohol researcher Professor Maree Teesson. Caroline loves growing native flowers and Maree coaches her daughter's soccer team. The professors are studying a group of 60 teenagers, aged 16 to 17. Their brains are being scanned in an MRI to determine whether excessive alcohol is causing any damage. How hard was it to get the 60 people? Um, look, there were some challenges in getting 60 kids in to the scanners, rather than being down at the beach. It's always nice to have proof that you have a brain, so... Yes, yes. Proof you have a brain! In this study, half the participants are binge drinkers, despite being under the legal drinking age. The other half, the control group, are non-drinkers. [laughs] How you goin'? Studies show one in six Australian 16- and 17-year-olds are now involved in binge drinking. The evidence that we're particularly looking for with these scans is changes in the brain's structure. So, the adolescent brain changes on a daily basis. It rewires itself. It is in an active building process. One of the things that it is doing is laying down insulation on the major nerve pathways -- so it's like Telstra going out and putting more insulation on their cables -- and if you have better-insulated cables, they conduct the messages a lot faster, so the question is, if you're going out and soaking your brain regularly in large amounts of alcohol, what effect is that actually having on how you lay down your insulation and how your brain starts being able to talk to various parts of it? We might see changes in the chemistry of the brain. We're also looking at the size of various parts of the brain and how that changes over time and whether it's affected by alcohol. [Dr Renee] And do you think that binge drinking in adolescence is changing their brains? At the moment, the evidence seems to be supporting to that being the case. Um, we're not sure yet. There's certainly evidence from studies overseas suggesting that it does. But if these two scientists do come up with proof, this study will have far-reaching implications and could help to change teenagers' attitudes to binge drinking. [Dr Renee] Do you think that you can beat the alcohol problem? I think that with the power of research and I think with the passion of young people, with those two things together, I actually think Australia could lead the world in this space. But is the message getting through about the potential dangers of alcohol? We took to social media to find out if more of you are cutting back on your drinking or even giving up booze altogether. [Dr Sandro] There's been a bunch of research over the years that suggests drinking a regular, moderate amount of alcohol could be a little bit good for your health. In the past, we've been told some of the possible benefits from moderate drinking include a reduction in the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and even a longer lifespan. [cheering] But before you start congratulating yourself, we need to take a much closer look at the evidence. In 2016, a massive new analysis of past alcohol studies was conducted. It covered 87 studies that looked at almost 4 million participants and spanned multiple decades. What researchers found was that many of the past studies made the same funamental error. They mixed up lifetime non-drinkers with those who used to drink, sometimes quite heavily, but had since given up and labelled them all 'non-drinkers'. When they accounted for this difference, the evidence suggesting moderate drinkers can live longer, healthier lives was simply no longer there. [sighs] While we might want to feel OK about the alcohol we drink, if we're guided by the evidence, there really is no safe amount. And if we're using our hearts or our lifespans to justify drinking, we're just kidding ourselves. And besides, there are much better ways to use wine to improve your cardiovascular health. [lively music] [Lisa] Last drink, guys! [Dr Shalin] It's been nearly two hours and our lunch is about to finish. It's pretty clear the alcohol is now really kicking in. We're much louder and much funnier -- well, we think we are, anyway. You're living up to my earlier prediction that people who've been drinking talk more but it means less. [laughter] - Snap! With the hand-brake now off our inhibitions, we're tackling the big issues. So, Professor Ed, is there any truth to the golden seal? The golden seal is the theory that after your first pee, you feel like peeing more often thereafter. We all feel like it's a thing but is there any reality to it? I have no idea. I've never come across any real research on that. Oh. Not very helpful, Ed. Well, apparently the golden seal, also known as the broken seal, is a thing -- not literally, of course. Alcohol gets to work in your hypothalamus and pituitary gland, where it mainly stops the production of anti-diuretic hormone. That hormone is what tells your kidneys to conserve water and without it, you simply get rid of more and more, resulting in a need to wee a lot. Peeing is one thing but overdoing the giggle juice can have other devastating implications in, of all places, the boudoir. There's... there's a Shakespearean line... - Oh, god. Here we go. - ...that is pertinent here. - Uh-oh. - After a few drinkeths. [laughter] "It provokes the desire but it taketh away the performance." [laughter] Gentlemen, just so you know, researchers have found that too much alcohol can cause us blokes to suffer temporary erectile dysfunction. Houston, we have a problem. So, on that discouraging note, let's have our final round of testing. [Ed] OK. Let's see how you're going. Remember, we've downed six standard drinks over two hours but we have eaten different meals. [Ed] Are you ready? [Alex] I'm ready. First up is Alex. She ate a salad and drank white wine. Her reading has climbed to 0.114. [Alex] Hey! Will Dale and his burger continue to amaze the group? [Dale] The suspense is killing me. - Oh. - Oh! Wow. 0.027. Yes, indeed. - That's crazy. - That is insane! [device beeps] But what about his food-deprived twin brother? - Oh. - Much lower. [Ed] 0.049. At 0.049, Addison's just under the legal driving limit but almost double his brother's reading. It's important not to look at Dale and think that because he was below the legal limit that he's safe to drive. There is no safe limit for alcohol and driving. - Are you ready? - OK. Big breath. Petite Lisa had the same to eat and drink as myself and Alex but is definitely showing the most outward signs of intoxication. -Aah! [laughs] Turns out the breath test agrees. - Fun. Aah! - Whoa! The reading is 0.124. [Lisa] That's insane! Jacqui's confident that her reading will be a lot lower than both Lisa and Alex. - Ooh! - Whoa! [Shalin] She's way... I'm surprised, because I feel fairly clear in my mind. But that's the problem, is that how you feel is not a really good predictor of how you'd perform. As for me... [device beeps] That's it. Done. - Oh! Oh, no. [chuckles] [whistles] - What is it? [Ed] 0.078 - Ooh. - Whoo! 0.078. Which means I'm in a lot worse shape than the twins. So we've all been surprised by the huge difference in the breath test results. It goes to show, if you're going to drink alcohol, accompany it with a good meal. [laughter] As Professor Ed predicted, alcohol affected the women more and most of us weren't really aware of just how impaired we had become. Ladies, gentlemen, it has been an absolute pleasure to get to know you over this long lunch. I mean, maybe the time will come when we can move past alcohol as our social lubricant and be social and loving in the absence of alcohol. [Shalin] Careful down the stairs! It's been an enlightening demostration to be involved in and I think we've certainly illustrated that more than four drinks in one session can indeed be risky. [Shalin] Who wants to go to karaoke? [women cheer] - Yeah! The health ramifications of alcohol are far from a laughing matter. It's frightening that it could be stopping some young brains developing to their full potential. But thanks to these scientists, their research could save lives. [Dr Renee] That's a very big ask. It certainly is. It certainly is but I think it's a bigger ask if we let so many young people die of binge drinking. That is a bigger tragedy. And while it's a drug with the power to make us feel good at the time, the impact it's having on our health has far more consequences than we ever thought. What we want to make people aware of, that it doesn't take long to go from hero to zero. Speaking of heroes... No, I didn't make it to karaoke. Gary, are you still here? Go home, Gary. Really. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 