Ask the Doctor: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ask the Doctor 
 s1e6 - Alcohol - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ask the Doctor (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Alcohol - full transcript 
 Alcohol is often used to celebrate, but our doctors investigate the enormous impact drinking is having on our health. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Renee] Genes. They're the code to who we are and what makes us unique. But what happens if that code holds more information than we bargained for? Imagine a world where you and your doctor could access your entire genetic make-up, and test your predisposition for hundreds of diseases? Well, it's closer than you think. In this episode, we explore what it could mean to have health care tailor-made for each and every one of us. Sandro reveals a controversial method that makes it possible to modify our DNA. We're talking about a tool with the power to alter the source code for all life on Earth. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [Renee] Shalin is faced with an ethical dilemma when he has the chance to map his entire genetic make-up. I don't know that we still quite understand what the consequences might be. [Renee] And I meet Alan, who owes his young life to the miracles of these modern discoveries. [woman] There is a child called Alan, and if we find out the answers, we can help him. [theme music] [Shalin] From colour blindness to breast cancer, diseases with a genetic component are something we've all learned to keep a wary eye out for. As a stem cell scientist, I'm interested in the role genes play in a family's health, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 especially as I'm yet to have children of my own. Now, there's pilot genome sequencing test that can predict some of the diseases we are most likely to be predisposed to. The way it's beginning to be used has radical implications for health care, but am I ready for what this test might tell me? Associate Professor Marcel Dinger is one of the leaders in the field, and heads up Genome. One, a subsidiary owned by the Garvan Institute. He's also a keen oarsman. Marcel, what excites you about genomic sequencing? Well, the ability to be able to read an individual's entire genetic make-up. That's pretty amazing. Once a person has had their DNA sequenced, it actually makes it possible to tailor their health care to their DNA. And this is where it all happens. [Shalin] The pilot program taking place in this lab is incredible. Imagine your body is a library. Your cells, like tiny bookshelves, would carry nearly identical books that contain your genetic instructions. The chapters would be your chromosomes, and some of the sentences would be your genes, written in the language of your DNA. If I go through with genome sequencing, the scientists here would use the latest technology to break my code into tiny readable bits. They'll then put the results back in order and compare that information to other people's genetic instructions, looking for the variants in my gene that could put me at risk of disease. But until only recently, this vast and complex process used to take much longer. How long did it take scientists to sequence a genome 15 years ago? Almost 15 years, so that's the extraordinary thing, is how fast this technology has actually changed in the last decade or so. So, on each instrument, you can sequence about 16 whole human genomes every 3 days. Across all of the instruments, about 350 genomes per week. - Three hundred and fifty a week? - Yep. - In this one facility. - Fifteen thousand a year. - That's extraordinary. - Pretty cool, yeah. Far out. I... I didn't actually... Honestly didn't realise the scale of that. Three hundred and fifty a week? Twenty years ago, it cost close to a billion dollars to sequence the very first genome. Now it costs a few thousand. If this trend continues, it could be within everyone's reach one day. It's really possible for a human genome to become part of your medical record, and that's what really then makes it possible for a clinician, I mean, you're, you know, being seen by a doctor, that they can actually read information from your genome and use that to actually tailor your health care. [Shalin] Offering genome sequencing to healthy people is not without debate. Critics argue it could make people worry unnecessarily, but advocates say it offers people an informed chance to be proactive about looking after themselves. The biologist in me wants to do this so bad, but the consequences shouldn't be taken lightly. I'm required to see a genetics counsellor, so that I can make an informed decision. We see this pilot as a partnership between you, your GP, who's a very important person in all of this... - Right. - ...and us. Do I get my genome on a CD I can take home? [chuckles] Good question. Um, that's an area that's very, um... yeah, controversial. Would you like it? Probably. What would you do with it, just out of interest? Well, you know, I'd find the software and look for mutations, but I know that's, like, just as bad as being Dr Google. Now, some people would say that knowing that information's helpful, because it assists them in making life plans. - Right. - Other people would say, "Well, there's nothing you can actually do about it, medically, - so I'd prefer not to know." - Yeah. So one of the guiding principles was to test for genes where you knew that there was something that you could do about it. - Right. - So they call it actionable. [Shalin] At this centre, they test for 49 conditions that could benefit from medical intervention, monitoring, or lifestyle changes. It is a more cautious approach than some. However, this knowledge still has potentially negative implications. With health insurance, there's actually legislation in place that protects people being discriminated against - on the basis of their genetic make-up. - OK. OK? But if you went to take out a private protective insurance, - like life insurance... - Right. ...they would actually ask you, "Have you ever had a genetic test?" And they would expect you to give them the results. And what you found. And so, imagine my child grows up, and his father has a particular mutation and that's affected my insurance, will that now affect his insurance or her insurance? - Yes, if the laws are still the same. - Right. Wow. Yes, yes. So it is something to think about in regards to whether or not you proceed with this test. - Yeah. - Yeah. - Nice to meet you. - Thanks very much for having me. - And I'll speak to you in about a week. - Indeed. - Bye-bye. - See you later. [Shalin] This knowledge is tempting, but if I am predisposed to even one of these 49 conditions, it could affect much more than just my health. There's a lot of things going through my mind right now. I get the science, but the other consequences I'm going to need some time to digest. I'll talk with my family and see if I can get some clarity around whether I'll go through with this. [Renee] With medical technology progressing at such a rapid rate, we asked you... should we be able to change our genetic make-up for the health of future generations? [Shalin] I'm facing one of the biggest decisions of my life... should I get my genome sequenced? It would provide a genetic insight into my future health, but bad news could be devastating, especially if my wife Dimmy and I choose to have a family. So, what are you thinking? I honestly don't know. I'm... I'm worried a lot. - But you're not? - Yeah-- You think I should just do it? If it were me, I would just do it, but this is about what you're comfortable with, 'cause you have to live with the knowledge. So, tell me what you're most concerned about. I don't know that we still quite understand what the consequences might be for a kid, psychologically, if I had gene testing, we had a kid, I knew about the gene that I had, we didn't do anything about it, and the kid has a disease that the genes related to. And they grow up and they know we could have done something about it. - Oh, you're overthinking it. - No, I'm serious. Knowing about our genetic make-up doesn't change our genetic make-up, but if there's a possibility to do something about a particular condition, then I would be pro finding out and doing it. I... Yeah, OK. But you have to be comfortable with the decision, so whatever decision you decide, I'll support. - You sure? - Positive. OK. What if I come back with bad news? Then we'll deal with it. [Shalin] It's one thing to consider the feelings of my imaginary children. My very real parents need to know as well. I hope they're home. But they seem to have been expecting some other news. - Hello? - Are you pregnant? [both laugh] No, I'm not pregnant, sorry. Well, and should you be, we'd be happy. [Shalin and Dimmy laugh] - We're just waiting for the news. So, Mum and Dad, I need to talk to you about something. And what is that? I'm thinking about getting my genome sequenced. - OK. - So, there's a possibility to see what genes are not quite right and might cause disease in the future. Ooh. Bit scary in a way. - Good and bad at the same time. [Shalin] Yeah, yeah. The ones they're going to look for are just the ones that, if there was a problem, we could potentially do something about it. - Uh-huh. [Shalin] Some cancer, some cardiovascular disease, meaning heart attacks and strokes - and that sort of thing. - Mm-hm. And this thing called pharmacogenomics, which basically means whether I can metabolise a particular drug or not, and that can have implications as to whether a drug is going to work for me or not going to work for me. But if I have a faulty gene, then it came from either you, Mum, or you, Dad. So then it also has a consequence for you, because then you have that gene as well. Yeah. Which means one of your siblings might also have it, and your nieces and nephews. So it doesn't just stop with us. Yeah, but it's also not black and white with all the genes. Like, we know that there's so many things that come into play, - epigenetics, environment. - Yeah. There's so many things that affect our genes. There is another theory, also, that not knowing is better in few cases as well. Mm-hm. Like, too much knowledge is also... Paralysing, yeah. What I am saying is you don't have to depend on what I just said. You don't make a decision depending on my statement, but I am just saying that it will worry me. Yeah. But it also opens the opportunity to mitigate and do something about it. I know, I know, but till it's totally, completely out... it... it'll... and I'm sorry, but I am a worrying type. You know, so... [Shalin] My Mum's feelings have concerned me. She was a lot more cautious than I thought she'd be. - Have a good night. - Bye. Have a good night. - Bye, goodnight. - Bye. [Shalin] I'm feeling still quite anxious about the whole thing, and I think one of the things that's still stuck in my mind is the ethics of it and what the future consequences are. So I'm gonna try and talk to an ethicist to see what their perspective is, if there's any unforeseen issues that I haven't thought about. - Hi, Lynn, how are you? - Hi, Shalin. [Shalin] To get a sounding board for my concerns, I'm going to talk with Professor Lynn Gillam, who specialises in medical ethics. She also likes puppies... [dog barks] ...which I think is why she's taking me for walkies. [Lynn] Have a seat here. One thing I'm worried about is if I have a faulty gene, and my wife and I procreate anyway and that child ends up getting that disease, was I unethical in procreating? Good question. Excellent question. So, not necessarily. What you owe your child ultimately is an explanation for why you did what you did, but you could have good reasons, and they might depend on how bad this fault was, what other alternatives there were available. Right. And then philosophically, if I have a faulty gene, then we could conceivably have IVF and test that embryo, if it contains that disease, - and choose to not implant it. - Mmm. Are we OK to be "playing God", inverted commas? So, playing God is an issue that people worry about, but playing God means making choices about who lives and for how long and who dies, and we make those choices all the time, anyway. Your decision about when or whether to have a child is a "playing God" decision. - So don't get hung up on playing God. - Right. - God doesn't mind. - OK. [laughs] So, the future's not set in stone, but ethically, I feel much more comfortable, and Lynn's view was basically what Dimmy was saying all along, which is no great surprise. [Dimmy] Hello? - Hey, it's me. [Dimmy] Hey. - Ah, listen, I've come to a decision. - I'm gonna do it. [Dimmy] That's great! Yeah, yeah. OK, I'll speak to you tonight. [Dimmy] OK, bye. - Bye. [woman] So, just a little prick. [Shalin] Despite the enormity of the decision, and what it could mean for my future, the rest of the procedure is a simple blood sample. But the eight weeks I'll have to wait will be the longest of my life. [Sandro] Genetics is a field mined with ethical dilemmas. We've seen Shalin grapple with the decision to map his genome, but what about the ethics of modifying genes? It's one of the biggest medical stories of the 21st century, and there's a good chance you haven't heard a single word about it. It's a set of tools that allow scientists to modify the genes of any living thing, accurately, quickly and at low cost. It's called CRISPR, but it isn't a machine, or an instrument. It's actually a group of molecules that researchers can use like scissors to target any section of a DNA sequence, snip it out, and insert a different piece of DNA in its place. It's basically like cutting and pasting, but for genes. We're talking about a tool with the power to alter the source code for all life on Earth. CRISPR's being used in labs across the globe, with scientists using the technique to alter cells, viruses, bacteria, animals and plants, and they're already achieving some pretty remarkable stuff. Including reversing genetic mutations that can cause blindness, creating mosquitoes that are resistant to the malaria parasite. They've even engineered cells that are immune to HIV, the virus that causes AIDS. But it's important to remember that all of these results have been seen in closed lab environments. Dr Melissa Davis is currently involved in research that uses CRISPR to understand why some cells are more receptive to cancer treatments than others. [Melissa] CRISPR is an exciting new technology, but there is still potential for defects that could negative consequences in patients. So it's important that we understand these before we move ahead. But not all scientists are showing the same restraint. In 2016, Chinese researchers injected CRISPR-modified cells into a lung cancer patient in a world-first trial that's still ongoing, in order to better understand the side effects of gene therapies. And the US is not far behind, with experimental CRISPR-enabled cancer treatments scheduled to start human trials this year. So it's a brave, if slightly scary, new world. But even if scientists are starting to dip their toes in human CRISPR research, it's going to be a long time before we see human gene therapies in common use. Because, while CRISPR is far more accurate than tools of the past, it's nowhere near reliable enough for human use, but also because the public's perception of gene editing has a long, long way to go. [Renee] So, the jury is still out on the ethics of genome sequencing and genetic editing. But what if you're sick already because of your genes? Professor Chris Goodnow is Deputy Director of the Garvan Institute, and head of the Immunogenomics lab. He also like a gnarly wave. For him and his team, the advances in genetic technology have given them the tools to not only diagnose and treat patients with rare illnesses, but also to bring the technology to them. Suddenly we could go out to all the doctors around Sydney and say, "Look, think about all your really unsolved cases on your book where things are not working. Let's just throw the technology at the problem and see what comes out." [Renee] One case that presented itself was Alan's, a young boy whose immune system was attacking his own body. The symptoms he presented were baffling... extreme bruising, internal bleeding, he was also incredibly weak and losing huge amounts of weight. He really did have an unusually severe set of autoimmune conditions, and none of the conventional medicines were really helping him. So what did you guys find when you did his genome sequence? So, what we found was that Alan had inherited a defective copy of this very large gene that, up until two years ago, was a complete mystery gene. A defective copy from his mother, and a different defective copy from his father. - Wow. - So just bad luck. [Renee] Both Alan's copies of this gene interrupted its function. They couldn't make the protein needed to keep immune cells from attacking and making antibodies against red cells and platelets. It was a remarkable find. Left untreated, a simple bruise could cause a fatal bleed. But with Alan's genetic information at hand, researchers were able to recommend an effective treatment in a matter of days. The start of the weekend, no-one knew what was wrong with Alan. At the end of the weekend, we had this whole package that we were able to put together. He very likely would respond to a drug that was approved for use in people with other autoimmune disease, but that you never would have thought to use. Yep. Watching those platelets and red cells come back, you know, and Alan going from being in an intensive care unit, to... with a very targeted therapy that was targeted to the right molecule, based on science, not on guesses... Alan now has a trampoline in his front yard, where previously he couldn't even run around for fear of getting a life-threatening bruise or an internal bleed. - Boo! [Renee] Ooh! Hello! - Hi. - You must be Alan, are you? - Yes. - Do I get to shake your hand? How are you? Oh, ooh, you're strong! To see Alan so energetic and full of beans, after what I heard about his illness, blows my mind. [laughs] And you must be Burna. Lovely to meet you too. But what is living with his condition actually like for his parents, Burna and Tansel? First, imagine you're living with a child that is not supposed to hit his head, is not supposed to fall, and you have to keep an eye on them 24 hours a day. If he falls, we had to immediately, you know, take him to hospital, and that was a bit, you know, big amount of stress, because sometimes you'd turn your head for 30 seconds, something happens, there's a bump, and you don't know what happened, - and you go crazy, basically, so... [Renee] Yeah. Grr! Whoa! Ahh! Oh! And now? Now, he runs, he falls, he gets bruises, we don't care. [Renee laughs] Ooh! Alan seems to have an unending store of energy. Whoa! In fact, I'm having a hard time keeping up with him. Whoa! So, at this point in time, Alan's not cured, is he? - No. - No. But he's, you know... symptom-free. [Renee] Despite this improvement, there's no telling how sustainable Alan's treatment is long-term. To try and better understand his rare condition, scientists have used the CRISPR technology to breed mice with the same genetic change as Alan's. This means that researchers can study the condition in isolation and test new treatments. Alan has never met his furry doppelgangers... You excited? You're going to meet your mouse! ...but thanks to Dr Debbie Burnett, that's all about to change. So, Alan, do you want to meet the mouse? OK, come on. So, Alan, these ones here are your mice. So, these mice were made specifically for you. They've got your DNA in them. Well, some of it. [laughs] [Renee] Testing treatments on these mice is essential to Alan's ongoing health. The technology needed to create them has been around for a while, but thanks to CRISPR, the mice could be bred quickly enough to help Alan when he was at his sickest. You know how you were sick before, and now you're much better? These mice helped to do that. Ew, it's pooping! [laughter] Ew, yucky. [Debbie] CRISPR/Cas9 has just changed everything. It used to take five years to make a mouse, and, you know, it was really variable. I mean, sometimes people spent ages and they never could. - Right. - In this case, it was a matter of months. It was real time, while Alan was in hospital, that we could make this mouse, and that's completely changed the way that we do science, because right from the beginning, there was a patient. I think that's quite rare in science. Mmm, and how did that make you feel? It's... It gives everything a different perspective. There's a real sense of what's at stake. It's... You can't forget that when you're doing this, knowing that there is not just people with this disease, there is a child called Alan who has this disease and if we find out the answers, we can help. Do you want to name them? Can you think of a name starting with M? A "mmm" sound? - Monana. - Monana. Shall we call her Monana? OK. [laughs] And so what do you think this one should be called? - Mopana. - Mopana. - We've got Monana and Mopana. [Renee chuckles] Those are possibly the best mouse names I've ever heard. - Thank you, Monana. - [chuckles] [Renee] It's so gratifying to see this science applied in real time and that a child like Alan can have his whole life turned around in the space of a week. In the future, an ability to pinpoint any genetic problem with relative ease may lead to faster diagnosis of a large range of diseases, and more appropriate treatments for everyone. [giggles] [Shalin] After eight long weeks, the day has finally come. I find out what my genes will tell me about my medical future. And I must admit, there's a growing sense of trepidation. But I've come this far, so let's see what they found out. I'm pretty nervous, but also excited. Well, maybe what I might start by doing is just quelling your nerves and saying there's been no significant untoward findings in your results. So the results are normal, alright? Just as a general statement. - [exhales] - Yep. That's a weight off my shoulders. OK. So, I just wanted to go through a little bit about how the test was done. So we met first, and then we took your blood sample, we extracted the DNA and we put it through the sequencer, actually analysed it, and then we've read your genome from start to finish. And then what we did was we compared your genome to a reference genome. - Mm-hm. - And we looked for differences. And you didn't have a variant that we would call pathogenic in any of those genes. I'm good. [chuckles] For now. OK. Without being a wet blanket, what we're saying is that you don't have a high risk to develop the conditions associated with these genes. - Yes. - You could still develop heart disease, and you could still develop cancer, like anyone else in the population. Because this is just a test for risk. It doesn't... It's not a... It's not a crystal ball. - Correct. Yeah. - OK. So let's move on to the pharmacogenomics report. [Shalin] I'm so relieved about my results, I'd almost forgotten that my genes can also inform how I process drugs. This drug here is a muscle relaxant. It could be used, say, if someone gets spasming with back pain or whatever, it could be prescribed. But for you, it should be used with caution. Ah, so, OK. Sorry, I'm just clicking now. These "use with great caution" are personalised for me. - Correct. - They're not general drugs. No. They're based on your genotype. - Wow. - Yeah. So I should take this every time I get a prescription. Well, it's something for you and your GP-- - Discuss. - ...to actually have. - Fascinating. - Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, just thinking about going forward, part of this, we will do another reanalysis in 12 months' time for you. Because there will be additional medications that will be added to this list, as well as additional genes that we'll be able to test for. - So it's an evolving process. - Correct. These are the genes you know about now and how they... - how drugs will interact with my biology. - Yep. - But that list will grow over time. - Yep. Right, so it's getting the latest operating system on your computer. Yes. You just do an update, check again. "Oh, yeah." Yeah, you make it sound easy. It's not quite that easy. [laughs] I'm sure it's not that easy. I know for a fact from my science life that it's not easy. Well, that was quite a remarkable experience. Now, I can understand genome sequencing is not for everyone, as there are some potential issues and repercussions. As a scientist, I see the power of genomic information every day, but to see it informing me and my health was quite extraordinary. Keeping in mind we're still in uncharted territory, I'm really excited to see where this goes in the future. [Renee] There is so much about genes that we're yet to understand, but the science and technology are not only here, they're changing lives. While we're still determining what role environment plays in our make-up, and the ethical boundaries this field presents... it's incredible to think that we might one day be able to plug our genome into a doctor's computer and have specifically targeted health care not just for ourselves, but also for our future generations. And that will be good news for everyone. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 