Ask the Doctor: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ask the Doctor 
 s1e2 - Diet - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ask the Doctor (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Diet - full transcript 
 Like many people, Dr Shalin Naik believes he is lactose intolerant. He wants to know if there are any health risks to giving up dairy. Dr Sandro Demaio finds out how our diet can be used to treat depression. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Day after day, night after night, our body never switches off. We are a living, breathing organism. But how can we function at optimum capacity 24 hours a day? Well, that's where we come in. Doctors Renee and Sandro, and I'm Shalin. We're three medical professionals and we're on a mission to find out just that. In this episode we ask the question... why am I so tired? Good morning. We'll look at how much sleep you need at different stages of your life. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Is that number, eight hours, actually correct? Are teenagers just being difficult when they stay up late at night? Thought we had a deal. No phones after ten o'clock. Yeah, well... You must feel a bit like helicopter parents sometimes? Yeah, you do. Can we retrain our brains to get to sleep earlier? It's really hard, having to just lay awake because I wasn't able to fall asleep. And I confront a major cause of marital disharmony. It's a symphony of snoring. It's the Opera House. I don't snore that bad, do I? As we look for answers to getting a good night's sleep. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We spend a third of our lives sleeping, and that's meant to be good for us. But sleep disorders are risking safety, affecting mental wellbeing, and costing billions in lost productivity and health care. As a stem cell biologist, I put in long hours at the lab, and travel the world speaking circuit. And I recently married in not one but two wedding ceremonies. You need to be well-rested for major life events like these... but you also need to keep on top of your day-to-day routine. I've been married to my beautiful wife, Dimmi, for just a few months now. Things are going great. There's only one small issue. That's in the bedroom. The problem is, I snore. Now, my snoring has often been the subject of ridicule. I'm referring to Shaz's snoring. I wasn't even safe at my own wedding. This, my friends, is the stuff of legends. Thing is, I don't think it's that bad, and I'm hoping science can back me up. - Hi, darling. - Hi, babe, how are you? I've got some good news. - I'm going to Sydney to a sleep clinic. - A sleep clinic? Yep. We're going to try and address my snoring. - Really? - Yeah. - Fantastic. - Yeah. Hmm, that went down well. Too well. Maybe things are worse than I thought. Shalin's snoring is pretty constant all night, and if I go to bed after him, I have a lot of trouble falling asleep and staying asleep. And when I wake up in the morning I feel like I'm not rested, and before Shalin, that never used to happen. Now, I'm a man of more than a few personality quirks, so Dimmi already puts up with a lot. I don't snore that bad, do I? Well, I guess that answered that. Snoring is caused by a disrupted airflow, or a narrowing of the airways, often little more than an annoyance. But it can be indicative of a serious underlying health condition, obstructive sleep apnoea, where breathing can intermittently stop completely. And with nearly one in five of us snoring, it's more than enough reason to wake up feeling grumpy. Good morning. Being overweight, having a poor diet and drinking alcohol can all contribute to snoring, but my lifestyle is pretty healthy. So to get to the bottom of my issue, I'll need to spend a whole night in a dedicated sleep lab. - I'm off to Sydney. - OK. I'll see you tomorrow. - Good luck with it all. - Thanks. I've come to Sydney's Woolcock Institute, where sleep specialists can map my breathing, heart rate, quality of sleep, and most importantly of all, tell me why I'm snoring. I'll be looked after by Dr Dev Banerjee, a sleep specialist and a medico-legal expert in the field of sleep medicine. A man who also enjoys the occasional Bordeaux. OK, take a seat. - Thanks a lot. Welcome, welcome to the sleep unit. - Thanks very much. - So, tell me why you're here. Well, I'm here on behalf of my long-suffering wife. We're recently married, but the snoring problem hasn't solved and I've come here to try and get some help with that. So tell me about the snoring, then, because it's multi-level, the snoring. - Yeah. - Could be nasal. - More nasal. - Yeah. Could be back of the palate... ...or back of the tongue. So it depends. Would you like me to do that again? So actually there's a science behind it. It's a symphony of snoring. It's the Opera House. This is where we are. So, do you think your good wife has described the symphony of your snoring, if it's nasal, palatal, or related to your tongue? She's done one better. She recorded it for me. Have you got an example? - I have, I have. - Let's hear it. Let me find it for you. It's a little bit embarrassing. Oh, we like humiliation here. Wait for it. I hope Dimmi appreciates what I'm putting myself through here. This is excruciating. What I heard at the beginning was a few sort of silence moments. Yeah. It wasn't necessarily your wife obstructing your airway with a pillow or anything like that. It's a bit like... ...and then there's a gap. There's a... ...then there's a bit of silence, then there's a... - Yeah. - So, who knows. There might be a bit of apnoea and a bit of gasping in there. I'm intrigued by that audio. I think there's something really interesting to find tonight. I'm going to ask you if you can put this through your pants - down to the floor. - Alright. Do you like the dinosaurs? I love dinosaurs. Cool. Me too. So, before we find out more about Shalin's snoring problem, we asked you, "How much sleep do you average a night?" Most of us know getting a good night's sleep is important. But despite this, one in three people are constantly getting far less than they actually need. It's bad news, because over the past decade or so, a growing body of research has linked a number of dangerous health outcomes, like heart disease and high blood pressure, with a consistent lack of sleep. Now, common wisdom tells us we need to get eight hours of sleep each night to stay healthy, but is that number actually correct? Perhaps a good place to start answering this question is with age. Newborns need a truckload of sleep, up to 17 hours a day. Then as we start adding years, the amount of recommended sleep begins to come down. But even into our late teens, up to ten hours is still recommended. Which is why this place is so good. I'm in a sleep lounge on a university campus. I love this idea, because studies suggest that well-rested students get around 15% higher results in exams. This is Darcy, a student here at RMIT. Until a second ago, he was having a snooze. So, Darcy, how often do you use the sleep lounge? Roughly around once a week. And how helpful is it to have a place that you can come to to have a quick nap? It's pretty good, because it means I can, like... If I've got an 8:30 start in the morning, it means I can catch up on that sleep. So, what about the rest of us? Do we need eight hours to function at our best? Well, it all depends on the individual. Some people run fine on seven hours' sleep. Others need nine, and some even ten hours. So it might be better to think about it in terms of how much sleep you need to avoid those bad health outcomes, and the best research suggests that for most people, seven hours is the minimum to stay healthy. And I, for one, am not going to argue with that. As a medical doctor who takes a holistic approach to health, I am concerned about a particular group who are really suffering from a lack of sleep... teenagers. - Hi. - Welcome. - Monique? - Hi. My name's Monique. I'm 17 years old. I'm in Year 12. On a weeknight, I'm averaging on about five hours' sleep. So, tell me a bit about how you sleep at night. So, I go to bed about one or two o'clock in the morning on a school night, and then have to wake up about seven, so it leaves me really tired. Right, so if I put you in bed at, like, ten o'clock at night, - and said "sleep", you just... - Yep. No. The majority of the time I think that I can't get to sleep because I'm either on my laptop or on my phone. But then also I'm having trouble actually falling asleep. So, did you get that assignment finished? No. - Why not? 'Cause I was on my phone. - Until when? - Twelve. I thought we had a deal. No phones after ten o'clock. Yeah, well... Obviously that didn't happen, right? Where's your mum? She's on her phone, is she? Yep. Hypocrite. Mum! My parents have tried taking my phone and my laptop away from me, but I still won't be able to get to sleep. So is Monique simply being a typically difficult teenager? Well, her parents, Greg and Marissa, are struggling to work out the answer. Do you guys blame Monique? Like, do you think that she's just doing it? - No. - No, I don't think so. I don't think... It's not a blame thing. It's a situational thing. The environment that she's created for herself just revolves around her room. At dinnertime we see her for the hour that we have for dinner, and then it's straight back up to her room, which, you know, concerns me in that she's going to be 18 and be an independent person without the social interaction of the family, because she just stays in her room. She's a worry, that one. - She's our biggest worry. - Yeah, I know. Only 'cause she takes after her father. I don't think she takes after her father at all. He's a pretty decent guy. Monique's lack of sleep is clearly affecting her family, and in this crucial final year of high school, it could also jeopardise her future. My biggest concern is that she's just going to continue to lose focus on school. That's where it's all going to fall apart. They're so reliant on technology for school that there's no line that you can stop and say, "OK, well, now you can stop studying." I mean, it's difficult. You must feel a bit like helicopter parents sometimes. - Yeah, you do. For sure. - Yeah. But it's almost like she's starting to give up. Monique's predicament is serious, but it's actually not uncommon. - Nice to meet you, Chris. - Nice to meet you. - Thank you so much for your time. - Thanks for inviting me. So I've invited a sleep specialist to help Monique and her family. Dr Chris Seton is a paediatric and adolescent sleep physician who works in the Sleep Investigation Unit at Westmead Children's Hospital in Sydney. He also likes ocean swimming. So, a lot of teenagers now are sleeping two, three hours less than they need. Wow, so you're talking six hours or something in a night? - Six, seven hours. - Why is it they sleep less? It's mainly, not only, but mainly to do with screens and digital technology and the need to be connected now, electronically, 24 hours a day. So we're now a 24-hour society rather than a sort of 12 or 14-hour society. About 15% of teenagers have what we call a late body clock, so their melatonin, which is their sleep hormone, lags at night. It doesn't come up and put them to sleep on time. So that's called delayed sleep phasing, and it's a sort of social jetlag. So, I mean, this lack of sleep must have huge impacts on the average teenager's life. It does. They're not always aware of it, but it affects their mood, their behaviour, their learning. It affects a lot of body systems, so the kids get sick a lot, they miss school, they're late from school. It sort of sounds like you already know Monique, to be honest. Dr Chris will explain to Monique how she can retrain her brain to get the number of hours' sleep she needs at her age, which will help her with her day-to-day life. I'm going to introduce you to Chris here. Chris is our... - Hi, Monique. Nice to meet you. - ...sleep expert. - Welcome. - Thank you. Come through. So, Monique, I've had a chat to Chris and I've told him some of the stuff you've talked to me about. Why do you want to do this? Well, I feel like it definitely affects, like, being able to have time with my family and my friends, and it is quite frustrating and it makes me angry that I'm not getting the right amount of sleep. You don't sleep much during the week. And we could call you a 'screenager', perhaps. A screenager! Would that be fair? - Yeah, sometimes, like, I think, like, "Oh, what's happening, like, what am I missing out on?" - Things like that. - FOMO. Yeah, FOMO. A fear of missing out. So, when you use the screens, the blue light that comes out is lowering your melatonin, your sleep hormone. So your brain thinks that in the first part of the night, your bed is a place of wakefulness and excitement. And we need to decondition your brain to train it back to know that the bed is a place for sleep. OK. And so one of the things was limiting your use of the devices at night - to an hour before bedtime. - Mm-hm. So to break Monique's poor sleeping habits, Dr Chris has prescribed a nightly 11pm curfew for the next six weeks, with a pre-bedtime routine involving reading for relaxation, listening to chillout music, and a hot bath. So, when you're in the hot, deep bath, your body temperature goes up. When you get out of the bath, your body temperature plummets and the low body temperature helps you get to sleep. And then right at the end of the routine, it's good to have a snack and a drink, not because you're hungry or thirsty, but because, again, this acts as a sleep cue. So after three or four weeks, if you have the traditional milk and biscuit before you go to sleep, the psychology of that is the brain sees that as a trigger for sleep. So, Monique, what are you most scared about? Knowing that I have to get to bed at a certain time, whereas usually it's just, like, free. I can go to bed when I want, that kind of thing. Right now this is an agreement you're making with all of us... - Yep. - ...in front of all of us. Are you really motivated? Yes, I am very motivated. - Yeah? - Yeah. You saw her say that. As she begins six weeks of brain reprogramming, Monique's first step is to send off a saliva sample, which will measure her melatonin level. If her new sleep regime works, her melatonin level should drop in the morning, which means she's had a good night's sleep. So far, we've learned our lack of sleep can be affected by our biology, as well as behavioural patterns in different stages of our lives. But is there anything we can do to treat the most common physiological cause of tiredness... snoring? If, like me, you're one of many people with a snoring problem, a trip to a sleep centre might be in order. I'm in the process of being wired up for an overnight sleep test. My sleep specialist, Dr Dev, thinks my breathing might be compromised. Sleep apnoea is a condition where people stop breathing in their sleep, which is why it's called 'apnoea', it's 'without air'. There's no doubt that sleep apnoea is associated with cardiovascular disease, such as hypertension. There's some association with strokes as well. We really want to provide a holistic approach to make sure that individual lives long and well in their life. It's all starting to feel a lot more serious than I expected. And don't get me started on all these contraptions. Are you sure I'll be able to sleep in this, though? Oh, yeah, don't worry. You'll be fine. Like, most people sleep quite well. What I hadn't appreciated was just how many wires I'd have on me. I'm uncomfortable and I feel ridiculous. - Hey. - How do I look? - How's it going? - It's alright. What are all the wires doing? The wires on the scalp are measuring electrical signals in your brain, something called an EEG. - It's measuring brain activity? - Yeah, absolutely. So, the chest belts are measuring breathing, so whether you have difficulty in breathing, in stopping breathing. We're just going to put the nasal cannula on. There you go. This measures airflow, by the way. Oh man, could this get any worse? It'll get better from now on. I don't see how. So, looks like you're all wired up, then, and ready to go. So I'm really looking forward to seeing the data tomorrow, and sleep well, sleep tight. Thanks a lot. See ya. Well, I'm covered in all these wires. I doubt I'll get to sleep, but they assure me I will, and we'll find out how it all goes tomorrow. Bye. So what actually does go on when we sleep? Look at those KPIs. Look at the leaderboard, all the way up the top, that's Gary. We've all been here. Right in the middle of something important, kicking life goals, when suddenly you realise... ...you're not wearing any pants, and everyone is laughing at you. Yes, Gary is fast asleep. But why do humans and animals need to sleep at all? Especially when it leaves them dangerously exposed to predators? Well, the truth is that there are a whole lot of theories about why we sleep. But scientists have observed some super-interesting stuff happening while we slumber. In our brain, the pituitary gland releases hormones that turbocharge the upkeep and repair of our internal tissues and muscles. And our immune systems produce crucial proteins that help fight disease and aid recovery from illness. It also turns out there's a kernel of truth in the old idea of beauty sleep, with research suggesting sleep deprivation contributes to biological ageing, and that you look less attractive. But it's only in recent years scientists have discovered what could be a critical reason for shut-eye, and it's all to do with thinking. What? Researchers have observed brain cells shrinking by up to 60% during sleep. The gaps created allow the brain to be flushed out with cerebrospinal fluid, removing waste toxins that build up when our brain is awake. Some scientists believe this nightly cleanout is essential for healthy brain functioning in all of us. But sadly for Gary, it also means night after night of... So, what are your tips for a good night's sleep? Good morning. Good morning. I haven't been able to take up any of your good suggestions during my night in a sleep clinic, where I've just endured a less-than-restful sleep under surveillance. I want to keep sleeping. I'm here to find out if I'm one of the one in five snorers with the more serious underlying condition, obstructive sleep apnoea, and whether there's anything my long-suffering wife Dimmi and I can do about it. Feels like I've only had a few hours' sleep, but I'm ready to go talk to Dr Dev in a bit. But first I'm going to jump in the shower and get myself a coffee. After a splash of cold water and a caffeine hit or three, I'm feeling more human. You've had some breakfast? - I've had some brekkie. - Alright. My glucose levels are up and I'm ready to hear the verdict. Ready to go. OK. Well, there's a lot going on, actually. So there's some clues in here about why my wife might be a little bit upset. Well, these are the electrical currents that is generated by your brain. But what was interesting in this part of sleep was the actual breathing pattern, and the snoring as well, and how restless you are. - Now, even better... - Yeah? ...do you want to play this live and hear the snoring? I don't know what I'm letting myself in for, but for the sake of science, let's do it. No, no, no, no, for the sake of your wife, let's do it. - For the sake of my wife, let's do it. - Let's do it. That's alright. - Do you hear the audio? - Yeah. So, here, you've completely stopped breathing now. Do you see that? Can't hear any breathing. - Far out. - Far out, man! Do you see the straight line there? So, you are stopping breathing for around 20, 30 seconds. - What? - And look at this bit. The oxygen levels start going down. - I stopped breathing for 20 to 30 seconds? - You stopped breathing for 20 seconds and the oxygen levels just drop a little bit down. Not too low. - You don't go blue, alright? - I hope not. - Hopefully, don't go blue. - I've survived till now, but... - You've survived. - ...that's pretty scary. But there's... Yeah, it is scary, but you've been doing it for a while, actually, and... Jeez. ...overall, there's nothing to worry about. There's no major health issue, which is good to hear. - Alright. Bonus. - Alright? - But... - But? ...a number of apnoeas. It came to about 12 an hour overall. - OK. Right. - Sounds a lot. Anything under 15 an hour is regarded as mild. - Right. - So it's not a health issue. Damn right, 12 near-deaths an hour seems a lot! It may not be a health issue now, but it soon will be if my poor wife doesn't start getting a better night's sleep. The main thing is really to try and sleep on your side. Sleep on my side, yeah. You could try one of those dental gum shields. - OK. - There's different types and varieties, but the bottom part is slightly ahead of the top part. That's just bringing my jaw forward. Yeah, yeah, just bringing the jaw forward a bit. Takes a little bit of getting used to, but it can be quite effective. - Can I have a look at that? - Yeah, yeah, sure. So... It's a relief the treatment's so simple. By moving my jaw forward, this device will keep my airways open, and hopefully, my relationship snore-free. So, are there any other bits of advice you can offer for Dimmi and myself? Yeah, I've got another gadget that's quite commonly used, actually. Do you want to see that as well? - Sure. - OK. It's called earplugs. - Oh. Winning. It's been six weeks since 17-year-old Monique began her pre-bedtime routine to retrain her brain. It was prescribed by adolescent sleep specialist Dr Chris Seton to help her get a proper night's sleep. Since then, she's been documenting her own progress. It was really hard, going to bed at 11:15 and then having to just lay awake because I wasn't able to fall asleep. In the morning I felt, like, as tired as I usually was. The program is helping, like, to an extent. I am feeling when I wake up a little bit more happy and more inclined to get out of bed, but not drastically different. So Dr Chris and I are back to see Monique at the end of six weeks. - Hi, guys! Welcome back. - How are you? I'm very good, thanks. How are you? - Nice to see you. - Nice to see you too. My gosh, look at you. I think you look less sleepy already. And first impressions are very positive. - Guys, come on through. - Thank you. So, how have things changed for you? It's quite different. Getting up in the morning I feel quite, like, happy and things like that, - which is great. - You actually feel different? Yeah, I do, especially when I get to school. Like, I feel like I can go into class and I don't feel like I need to sleep in that class. So what you've done is, you've retrained your body clock. - Your body clock was running very late. - Yep. So you were very awake late at night, very sleepy in the mornings, and you've reversed that. And it's great. I'm really proud of you that you've kept at it. - Have your friends noticed? - Yeah. Some of them are even thinking, "Maybe I should do this." Like... - Oh, yeah? - ...it's pretty good. - We could start a revolution. - Yeah! Congratulations. High five. Well done. - Thanks. Come here. When she's happy, she just lights the whole house up, and there's been a lot of smiling, happy Monique in the last few weeks. And the timing couldn't have been better, in this crucial final year of high school. It's been a godsend for us, you know, so we're quite hopeful that it's going to help her do what she needs to do for the HSC. And what have you got on at school today? I have a test on, but I feel pretty good. - Oh, good. - Yeah. Good to see your happy, smiling face in the morning. Monique's dramatic transformation is supported by the results of her last sample. Her melatonin level is now lower in the morning, which means she's had a good night's sleep. Even my friends and family are seeing differences in my attitude, just being able to, like, be happy and participate in things which I usually wouldn't, which is great. It's been quite a journey for me discovering just how crucial sleep is. Not only for general recovery, but also to optimise brain function. I now also know that while some teenagers are wired to stay up late, they can retrain their brains to feel tired earlier, and so can we all. Swapping our screens for regular bedtime cues, such as chillout music and a warm bath, could help prepare us for the life-changing sleep we need. But what I've mostly learned is, it's true what they say... happy wife, happy life. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 