Ask the Doctor: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ask the Doctor 
 s1e8 - Genes - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ask the Doctor (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Genes - full transcript 
 Dr Shalin Naik debates the ethics of having his genomes sequenced. What could the consequences be if he proceeds with the test? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [Renee] Most of us would like to remain active and healthy for as long as we live. Research shows that one of the best ways to do that is to get moving. But despite this, globally, one in four adults isn't active enough. So in this episode, we ask, why should we exercise? As Sandro finds out how much we need to combat one of the most serious health issues of our time. Some scientists are suggesting that sitting might be the next smoking. [Renee] What is it about exercise that helps combat depression? I myself have had experiences of depressive episodes, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and interestingly, I've turned to exercise every time. And there's some good news for all of us, when Shalin discovers how much exercise is enough to keep us healthy. There's almost no room for your lung in there! [theme music] [Shalin] I cycle to work most days and keep moderately active. But is that enough to prevent health problems such as cardiovascular disease, high blood pressure and stroke? I'm hoping the Baker Institute will have the answers. They'll push me to the max in two exercise-based tests, where the health of my heart can be measured by how much oxygen it pumps through the body via the bloodstream. Does being fitter mean you're also healthier? And finding that out is making me feel a bit nervous. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The man who'll be putting me through my paces is cardiologist Professor Andre La Gerche. He's also a gun marathon and trail runner. There is one little thing that I haven't told you. - OK. - We need a comparison for this test, and so I've enlisted the services of a colleague of mine, Dr Mitch Anderson. He's both a medical doctor and an elite endurance athlete. He broke the world record for cycling... just under 500km in 12 hours, averaging 42km an hour. Really a Herculean feat. - That's the comparison? - That's the comparison. [Shalin] Oh. - Morning! - How are you? - Dr Mitch. - Oh, sweaty palms. Good to see. - Oh, gee. Mitch, looks like you're all ready to go. I've got my ECG dots on, which means that we need to get yours on as well. There's a slight difference in follicular composition going on. OK, we have a modern medical device called a shaver, that's gonna-- Oh, great. ...that's gonna help us around that little problem. [Shalin] This might seem like ritual public humiliation... Ahh! [chuckles] ...but actually, it's for a VO2 max test. The VO2 max test measures the amount of oxygen our body can effectively use when pushed to the max. It's the closest thing we have to a crystal ball in medicine, and is the best predictor of things like how long you're going to live, your risk of heart attack, your risk of stroke, and lots of these very important health outcomes. [Shalin] OK, I'm pumped. May the force be with me. [Mitch, in deep voice] Shalin, I am your father. [laughs] [chuckling] Oh, God... Who brought this guy? Seriously. So, we'll get you both to start cycling for us. [Shalin] Because Mitch is Mr Elite Athlete, this test will establish whether he's healthier than Mr Ordinary... me. He's definitely trying to psych me out. He's obviously worried about the competition. [Mitch] How you feeling? [Shalin] Ah, it's alright. The seat's pretty... It's cutting into something. [Mitch] You can get numbness in your undercarriage. [Shalin] Undercarriage? [Mitch] Yes. [Shalin] Bloody hell. [Andre] At the moment, you're both at 56 watts, and that's just increasing a few watts per second. [Shalin] Both Mitch and I have to cycle non-stop until we can't, with the resistance in the pedals increasing steadily as we go. I can feel the resistance rising. And all of a sudden, more than my undercarriage is hurting. I'm starting to breathe a little bit more intensely now, which means my heart has to pump a bit harder to deliver the oxygen my muscles need to keep going. [Andre] So, at the moment, you're both doing 138 watts, so now this is really a moderate level of exercise. [Shalin] Mitch, on the other hand, hasn't even raised a sweat, so already it looks as if his heart function is better, because he's a whole lot fitter. So, what we can see is that as the intensity of cycling is increasing, Shalin is using progressively more oxygen and also more carbon dioxide, which is this blue line here. 173 watts. [Shalin] It's getting tough. [Mitch chuckles] 175 watts. Now you can hear that Shalin is breathing more strenuously. He's no longer able to get enough oxygen for the muscle needs, and at the same time, we can see Mitch, who's pedalling at exactly the same wattage... and he's still breathing really quite comfortably. [Shalin] That's because, as an elite athlete, Mitch's heart, which is a muscle, after all, is far stronger than mine, and able to deliver oxygen via the bloodstream much more efficiently than the heart of an everyday cyclist like me. [Andre] Keep it going. You're doing really well. Keep it going, Shalin. You're doing really well. OK, good job. I'm going to take this mask off. We've got all of the information that we require. [Shalin breathing heavily] You've done a superb job. But as you can see, there's quite some variability in the degree of fitness that can be achieved. That was pretty hard. At the start it was fine, but as it went on, you could feel your thighs and your calves kind of burning. I mean, I definitely noticed my breathing rate going up tremendously and ordinarily if I get tired, I just take a 30-second break and then keep going, but the point of this test is to not stop. It was hard. It was really hard. Mitch, on the other hand, has been cycling already for another six or seven minutes. He's used twice the amount of oxygen. He's approximately twice as fit. So I think now, Mitch is really in the hurt locker, as you'd say. [Shalin] Ha! Took him long enough. [tense electronic music] [Mitch straining and breathing heavily] [Shalin] Come on, buddy. Just a little bit more. Just a little bit more. You got this. [Mitch groaning] [Andre] OK, and we're done. Great job. Fantastic work. Dude. That is impressive. [groaning and panting] Coffee time? [Shalin laughs] Coffee time. - Good job. Oh, mate, that was seriously impressive. I feel like I witnessed a feat of human nature right there. What was my score and what was Mitch's score? So, your score was just under 40mL per minute per kilogram and Mitch achieved 72mL per minute per kilogram. [Shalin] Right. That's incredible. Because Mitch is way fitter than I am, his heart is working more efficiently than mine in pumping life-giving oxygen around his system. His cardiovascular health is obviously fantastic, but does my moderate level of fitness mean I'm unhealthy? The answer comes as something of a surprise. [Andre] The health benefits of 72 versus 40, the improvement in health outcomes are very modest. Right. On the other hand, the difference is below your level, and the health benefits in moving from being sedentary and unfit through to moderate fitness are really massive. So, if you're less than Joe Average, go get your lifestyle sorted out. If you're Joe Average or above, keep up the good work, but you don't have to go to the extremes that this guy goes to. [Andre] Exactly. [Shalin] In a little while, I'll be going up against Mitch again, this time to see how exercise can actually change the physical appearance of the heart. But if even moderate exercise has such positive health benefits, what are the consequences of being sedentary and unfit? [Sandro] Think about it. If you add up all the time you spend sitting at work, watching TV, playing computer games, using the internet, reading books, driving a car, eating food, your total daily sitting time will probably be somewhere within the average of 8 to 12 hours a day. The moment your butt hits a seat or couch, electrical activity in your leg muscles shuts down. In addition, the energy your body burns drops from 99 calories per hour to 78 calories per hour, which doesn't sound like much, but across an 8-hour work day, it adds up to 180 calories. Additionally, levels of fat-burning enzyme lipase falls by 90%. In the long term, hours of sitting every day will deliver a whole catalogue of negative health outcomes. Weaker bones and muscle loss will make it harder to do everyday things and keep weight off, let alone more substantial exercise. Then, there is the alarming trifecta of increased risk of heart attack, stroke and Alzheimer's. The only reliable way to avoid these health risks is to get up and about more often. Walking for an hour a day can wind back the risks of heart attack and stroke by as much as 50%. Oh, yeah, and maybe once in a while, try switching off the... [exhales] Well, if that's not enough to get us moving, we asked those of you who are already active for some inspiration. How does exercise benefit you? [Sandro] With a growing epidemic of extra kilos in our society, some scientists are suggesting that sitting might be the next smoking. It's estimated 5.9% of all deaths is attributable to daily sitting and when you put that into comparison with some of the other figures, such as obesity and lack of exercise, that's comparable to the contribution that those other conditions make. [Sandro] So I want to find out exactly how much, and by how much, I mean how little, exercise we need to stay healthy. Now, if you're anything like me, it can be tough to find a whole hour for exercise each day in a busy working week. But you might remember a bunch of headlines from a while back spruiking a revolutionary daily seven-minute workout. And I just have to know if it's too good to be true, so I'm going to exercise for science. Let's do this thing. The original short-duration, high-intensity workout plan was published by the American College of Sports Medicine and consists of 12 high-intensity exercises you do for 30 seconds each. [panting] OK, that was actually a lot more tough than I thought it'd be. My arms are aching and I'm pretty tired. But is this seven admittedly tough minutes really enough exercise to wind back the accumulated health impacts of sitting for eight hours a day? If you think across a 16-hour waking day, that seven minutes is just a small fraction, and it's questionable whether that seven minutes of activity is sufficient to offset what happens after, in that non-exercise period. [Sandro] Which is interesting, because if you go back to that original publication of that seven-minute workout, it actually encourages people to repeat it three times each session, which is more like 21 minutes of exercise, something the coverage largely failed to mention. So, maybe it's best to think about the seven-minute workout plan as a starting point on your path to 30 minutes, 5 times a week, especially if it's been a while since you got any exercise. And I guess for me, that means I've got another two rounds. One, two... [Shalin] I'm at the Baker Institute, where I've learnt that even moderate exercise has positive long-term health outcomes. That was pretty hard. As it went on, you could feel your thighs and your calves kind of burning. I'm now about to go up against Mitch again, to see what exercise does to the heart and what that tells us about our health. It's a little bit like, do you go and look at a car and see how well it runs by looking at it in the garage, or do you take it for a drive down the road? [Shalin] Looks as if Mitch is still in his garage, so I'll go ahead and start my engine. [Andre] Now, I'm going to give you these, which will be your hand grips to hold onto. [Shalin] I'll be cycling while in an MRI, a magnetic resonance imagining scanner that will show images of my beating heart in real time. Extraordinary! [female voice] Please breathe in. Breathe out, and hold your breath. [Andre] This is a good view of Shalin's heart. This is very normal function, a normal-looking heart. So, Shalin, I'm going to get you to start cycling for me, and I'm just going to gradually increase the work that you're doing up to the first level, and then I'll let you know. Brilliant. You're doing a great job. That's the first level. From here on in, you keep pedalling until we stop. When he's completed this level of exercise, after about 2.5 minutes, we're going to increase to the next level of exercise, and then he's done. [Shalin] Now, this is more my speed. I'm a laid-back kind of guy, anyway. Shalin, you're doing really well. We're just going to bring this up to the second level. There's about two minutes to go. You're doing an extremely good job. [Shalin] This isn't quite as easy as I thought. The only good thing about this now is that I'm lying down. [Andre] Twenty seconds to go till we're finished. Well done. Your day's done and you can stop now. I'll get you to grab a seat here. [Shalin] Well, that's me done. Oh, man, that's tight in there. There's no space to cycle, and my muscles aren't used to cycling in those kind of smaller... [Andre] Circles. - Small circles. It is one of the stranger modes of exercise, but you're working hard, and we see that on the pictures. We see the heart working hard. - So you can see my heart pumping? - Absolutely. - Wow. - Yep. [Shalin] Wonder how the champ's gonna cope with this? [Andre] Mitch, all's good? [Mitch] Yep. I'll get you to start pedalling for me and I'm just going to gradually bring it up to the first level. OK, that's brilliant. Just bringing it up now. [Shalin] Look at him go. Unless you're a cardiologist, or have witnessed open-heart surgery, like me, you'll have never seen a living, beating human heart before. [Andre] OK, so that's the first level. So, is the level one for him the same as it was for me? No. So, he's now doing your highest level. Right, that's his low level. - Yes. - Fair enough. [Andre] So, he's exercising flat-out. You can see his diaphragm and he's breathing up and down 'cause he's exercising quite hard now. [Shalin] I mean, it's such an incredible thing to see live, the heart pumping live. It's... It really is remarkable. We have not been able to do this with any other imaging modality in any other way. [Shalin] In our first test, we saw how Mitch's heart performed better than my moderately exercised muscle. So no surprise it's out-performing mine again. [Andre] OK, and you can stop. Brilliant job. [Shalin] But now for the moment of truth. Does the heart of an elite athlete look any different? [Andre] So, if we compare the two hearts here, firstly this is the whole chest cavity with the lungs, which is this black bit, and here is the heart. Now, if we then compare that to Mitch's heart, you really can quite easily appreciate that Mitch's heart is considerably larger. There's almost no room for your lung in there. It almost looks like there's a battle for space in the chest. [Shalin] Yeah, right. [Andre] You can see this is normal, normal function. The heart is squeezing down nicely. And then if we look at Mitch's heart, and with every stroke of the heart, Mitch's heart is pumping out - twice as much. - Wow. It's kind of like you've got a Vespa, and I've got, like, a Triumph. [Shalin] Mitch's heart was pumping a staggering 30L of blood per minute. That's 2L every 4 seconds. One, two, three, four. Amazing, huh? Mitch's elite-sized heart is evidence that, like every muscle, the ones in our heart can grow stronger and more efficient with exercise. Even us mere mortals have a very good chance of preventing cardiovascular disease if we maintain a moderate level of exercise. So, what's your exercise regime? [Renee] We've learned about the payoff our bodies get from exercise, but what about its impact on our mental wellbeing? Depression's actually quite common in our society, and I myself have had experiences of depressive episodes. And interestingly, I've turned to exercise every time, not always consciously. What I remember about exercise is kind of laughing and crying at the same time, and I actually think that was pretty therapeutic. To find out more about the link between exercise and depression, I'm meeting Dr Stephen Carbone, a GP who heads up research and evaluation at beyondblue. We know that exercise can help with depression, but why do we think that is? Some people think it's got to do with the changes that exercise can lead to in the brain's chemistry. - Things like endorphins-- - Serotonin. ...serotonin, dopamine. The sort of 'happy' hormones. Other people think it might be something to do with the body's stress response system. - So, changes in hormones such as cortisol. - Mm-hm. And the other theory is that it might have something to do with the body's immune system. Of course, right. So that it sort of damps down harmful inflammation that can affect different parts of the body, including our brain and our sort of circuitry of the brain. [Renee] Clinical trials confirm exercise helps people suffering from depression, but so far, no-one knows for sure what it is about being active that actually works. So, the fascinating thing about the value of exercise, though, it's not just biological, is it? Look, I think it's party that exercise is something fun, pleasant, relaxing, de-stressing for people to do, so there's some natural benefits from that perspective. But it's also that, you know, sometimes if you set yourself some goals for your exercise, you're trying to get fitter, healthier, et cetera, I mean, that helps to sort of build your sort of self-confidence, self-esteem. You've accomplished something. You're doing something purposeful and, you know, important to you. But there's also the social aspect. I mean, look, many of us like to, you know, walk with others, go to the gym around other people, join classes with other people. [Renee] Play sports. [Stephen] Team sports, exactly. So there's a social element to sort of physical activity, too, that also seems to be important. In fact, some of the research has looked at prescribing exercise in groups, and so the benefits of not just the exercise but the sort of social connectedness that comes with that as well. You know, we all do better when we're around other people. [Renee] Mmm. More than 300 million people are now living with depression. So Dr Stephen's research is crucially important to so many of us, either because we're dealing with depression ourselves, or we're supporting someone who is. Twenty-one years ago, Jeremy Suggett was an 18-year-old budding sports star when he was overwhelmed by the black dog. I was trying to go back to playing State League soccer. - Oh, wow. - And I just wasn't... I just wasn't into it. I think it was the constant fatigue, being tired all the time. And also losing interest in something I loved. When you play a sport from a young age, five, six, seven days a week, and you think that's what you want to do as a career or something at a high level, and then all of a sudden you're just completely... It's like overnight, it literally feels like overnight, you don't want to ever do it again. I mean, did you have that sort of feeling about other things, or were you just not that kind of person before? I just wasn't that kind of person before, and I was very energetic, into everything, ready to go. You know, I'd go to the gym, I'd be a high-energy... you know, a high-energy person. [Renee] Fortunately for Jeremy, he had a good relationship with his proactive GP. He was very big on, "OK, the first thing you need to do is get back into some form of exercise." And even though the thought of it at the time just made me cringe, that was the first port of call. [Renee] For someone who'd been good at sport all his life, Jeremy's reluctance to exercise was a measure of just how down he really was. But he picked himself up and tried every form of exercise he could. Also some psychotherapy, a bit of that involved as well, and on top of that, slight medication. So we're talking the lowest of lowest ends. [Renee] Along with incidental or everyday activity, Jeremy eventually developed an exercise regime that worked for him. So, how much exercise do you do in a week? [Jeremy] Well, I'm doing jujitsu five or six days a week. - You serious? - Yeah, so for an hour at a time. I do, like, an hour personal training at the gym and I'll maybe do an hour by myself at home. So I try to do, you know, six to ten hours a week. And how about sort of the challenge aspect of exercise? Yeah, the challenge is what drives you back, whether it's, you know, you're dancing or if you're trying to get faster in the pool or whatever you're trying to do. You really can't think about anything else outside of what's going on in your life, so you're right then and there. [Renee] And so, what would you say is the most important thing in helping you to cope with your depression and anxiety? [Jeremy] Probably the most important thing, and I try and stress this to people, is having a support network. You see it at the elite level with sports people, that they have a team around them, that they can't do their best without a team around them. And that's the same with people with mental health challenges. You have to have that support network. You have to have your GP but also your friends and family. [Renee] It didn't happen overnight, but his GP's prescribed package of psychotherapy, medication, and exercise gradually brought Jeremy's depression under control. But he has no doubt which was the most effective for him. - And it was the exercise. - Yeah. It's always, for me, given me that bit of rush. It just gives you the beneficial feelings afterwards and helps you sleep better, helps you with your mood, and helps you wake up the next morning feeling good. So it probably took about, I reckon, a good two or three months before that started to kick back in again, but definitely for me it was the exercise, yeah. I've come away with an ongoing respect for the role of exercise... not only in maintaining a healthy body, but also as a powerful tool in restoring mental wellbeing. And I'm taking heart knowing that not only is exercise the best protection against cardiovascular disease, but that the biggest bang for the buck comes from the moment we get off the couch. We should all start with some form of activity every day, and build up from there to the recommended 30 minutes of exercise five times a week. The heart is such an amazingly responsive organ and through exercise, a stronger, fitter heart is something we should all aim for. Boom-boom. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 