Ask the Doctor: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Ask the Doctor 
 s1e10 - Cold and Flu - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Ask the Doctor (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Cold and Flu - full transcript 
 Dr Sandro Demaio reveals which home remedies work and which ones don't. Dr Shalin Naik finds out what the difference is between colds and flu and what we can do to prevent them. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [sneezing, coughing] [Dr Shalin Naik] The dreaded lurgy, nobody wants it but we've all had it. Catching a cold or coming down with the flu, sucks at best and is life-threatening at worst. But the good news is, thanks to science, we have defences in our arsenal. So in this episode, we ask the question, what can we do about colds and flu? Sandro reveals which home remedies work and which don't. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [Dr Sandro] Chicken soup has been used to fight colds for centuries and there is some science to support this. I get a reminder about some simple tips to prevent you getting sick... So it's really important not to sneeze or cough into your bare hands. OK. - Achoo! - That's safer than using your hands. ...while science works on the holy grail of flu prevention a vaccine that can stop all flu viruses dead in their tracks. I believe you know this gentleman here. And Renee meets one of the doctors who brought a swine flu victim back from the brink of death. Thank you. [Dr Shalin] Colds and flu are often grouped together but in fact, they are very different. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The influenza virus can easily knock you out for two weeks and in some cases, it can be deadly. On the other hand... [sneezes] ...there are lots of different viruses that cause colds, which are just snotty-nosed annoyances. To get some tips on how we can prevent colds and flu, I've come to meet Professor Raina Maclntyre. She's an infectious disease epidemiologist at the University of New South Wales. She is also... quite the artist. - So, why have you brought me here, Raina? [Raina] Well, look around you. This is the city. It's where there's the highest concentration of people and therefore the greatest risk of transmission of flu and colds. I see. [Shalin] Influenza claims up to half a million lives worldwide every year. A good reason to get vaccinated, in my book. But there is one concern I'd like to ask Raina about. A lot of people get the flu vaccine and then say they got the flu. - What's going on there? - That's a really common myth. It isn't technically possible to get flu from the flu vaccine, because there's no live virus in the vaccine and the vaccine only protects against flu but there's over 90 other viruses that cause colds and the flu vaccine won't protect against those. Right. [Shalin] Another hotbed for virus transmission is public transport. Visited by millions each day, train carriages are the perfect incubators. Say I, for example, sneeze into my hands, my bare hands. [imitates sneezing] Alright? Then I get up and I hold on to this. Say the next person who walks along here holds on to that railing, then as they get off, they rub their nose or they, you know, rub their eyes. You can even get infected through your eyes. Right. The virus transmits from the surface onto their face and into their body. [Shalin] So, the next person... When a person sneezes and the virus lands on the surface, how long can it stay there for? Well, studies have shown that viruses can stay on the surfaces and be viable for days, up to seven days. - Seven days? - Yeah. [coughs] [Shalin] And if this guy with the cough has a cold or flu, anyone that rides this carriage over the next three hours could get infected, simply by breathing the same air. When a virus enters your body, it invades cells in the respiratory tract. Once the virus gets inside a cell, it starts to replicate. These viruses then get shed from your respiratory tract when you cough or sneeze. This is a process called viral shedding, which can happen up to three days before you show any symptoms. So, how can we prevent transmitting the virus to others? OK, so, it's really important not to sneeze or cough into your bare hands... OK. Because that just leaves a trail of virus all over the place for other people to get infected. - Use a disposable tissue... - OK. ...and get rid of the tissue afterwards. If you don't have a tissue on hand? Then you can sneeze into your elbow. - Achoo! - That's safer than using your hands. - Or under the suit jacket. - Yep. - Stick it under your shirt. - Yep. Into your leg? - If you can manage it! - [laughs] Probably not. [Shalin] The other things that's aiding and abetting the spread of viruses is international travel. Nowadays even summer months are seeing flu outbreaks, because people travelling from the opposite hemisphere are carrying it home with them. I've heard hand-shaking can be a big transmitter of flu between people. Yeah, absolutely. In fact, in some cultures, hand-shaking isn't practised. Instead, they use other forms of greeting, such as this or the fist-pump's becoming more... - Fist-pump! Alright. - ...more common. Anything to get the fist-pump getting more traction is fine by me. And so, what can we as individuals do to help prevent the spread of colds and flu in society? So, one of the really important things is, if you're sick, stay at home. Don't go to work and infect other people. [coughs] [Shalin] This may seem obvious but not many of us are heeding the advice. [coughs] Sick workers dragging themselves into the office and then sharing their sick germs with colleagues are costing economies around the world billions of dollars a year in lost productivity. Also, if your child is sick, don't send them to school and if you've been out and about shaking hands with lots of people, touching lots of contaminated surfaces, washing your hands can really reduce your risk. [Shalin] Well, Raina, I'm certainly gonna take those tips on board. See you later. Oh! Fist pump! [Dr Renee] Have you ever wondered why your snot is green when you're sick? Turns out, when your germ-fighting white blood cells attack an infection, they produce enzymes to repel the invaders. These enzymes contain iron and that's what turns your snot green. But what if your snot's got a yellowish hue, I hear you ask. Well, if this germ-busting, enzyme-packed mucous sits around for a while, like when you're asleep, it becomes more concentrated and can change colour. Mmm, nice! [Dr Sandro] Speaking of nice, Gary's in an unusually good mood but sadly for him, the next week of his life will be a misery, as Gary is about to experience a typical seven-day cycle of the flu. It all started about 24 hours ago, when Gary answered the phone. Hello? Unfortunately, the mouthpiece was previously contaminated with flu virus and because it touched his mouth, Gary contracted it. For the next 48 hours, Gary is none the wiser but the virus has been busy, aggressively replicating itself inside his cells and what happens next will come on fast and strong. Fever, a snotty nose, uncontrolled coughing fits, chills, sneezing, aches and pains. [cries] But all these symptoms aren't caused by the flu itself. They're the result of Gary's immune system going to war against the virus. By day four, Gary's immune system has pushed his temperature to above 38 degrees Celsius. It's one of the body's primary means of killing invading viruses. By day five, Gary has coughed, sneezed and rubbed his nose raw. But all that snot is the body's natural way of trying to flush the flu virus from his nasal passages. [sneezes] It's day six and Gary still has the aches and pains. They're a side effect of the chemicals Gary's body is releasing to help fight off the virus and a result of muscle strain from all that coughing. And it's finally day seven. No fever, no aches. And while he still has a bit of a post-viral cough, the worst is over. So, Gary, now that you're back on your feet, we need to infect you with gastro, for next week's show. Oh-- **** We'll all get a cold or flu at some time in our lives and that got us wondering: Colds suck. They're not as bad as the flu but you still feel pretty crappy and instead of sympathy, you get everyone blagging their grandma's age-old home remedies at you. So I thought it was high time we head inside and test out some of those home remedies. Let's start with gargling salt water. The thinking is pretty simple. Mix half a teaspoon of salt in a 250-mil glass of water, then gargle for a few seconds. And the science says yes. A 2005 study found that those who gargle regularly had a 40% reduction in cold-season respiratory tract infections over those who didn't. Studies also suggest that a saltwater gargle can provide relief from a sore throat. While I'm pretty sure our next home remedy is good for the soul, is it really any good for a cold? I'm talking, of course, about chicken soup. Now, history tells us that chicken soup has been used to fight colds for centuries and there is some science to support this. Inflammation that causes sore throats is driven by white blood cells and something in chicken soup seems to prevent the spread of white blood cells through the upper respiratory tract, thereby reducing inflammation. But scientists are still unsure about the exact mechanism that causes this. Next up, I want to talk about Echinacea supplements. They've become the go-to panacea for many people in the grips of a cold. But while good-quality analyses suggest that regularly taking Echinacea can reduce your chances of getting a cold and shorten time spent sick, a recent trial showed no benefit if you take them as your cold symptoms begin. Which brings us to that old chestnut, vitamin C. Research suggests that immune-enhancing vitamin C won't stop the average person from getting a cold, nor will it reduce their symptoms but those who take it regularly might see a small reduction in the time they spend sick. Rounding out our group of home remedies is glorious, delicious garlic. But even though there is some evidence that garlic has antibacterial and antiviral properties, the science is inconclusive, although one as-yet unreplicated study has shown that people who eat it regularly have fewer sick days with colds than those who don't. It's important to remember that these remedies aren't cures. If anything, they'd only be relieving symptoms. But as a doctor, I would always tell my patients that your best bet for avoiding days spent in bed with a cold is a healthy, balanced diet. So if your weekly budget means a choice between this and this, you're almost always better off spending your money on the fresh stuff. [Dr Shalin] If you're anything like me, you're too busy to get sick! [doctor] Come on in. Which is one of the reasons why I get the flu shot every year from my GP, Rich. - Have a seat. - Cheers, Rich. Now, I thought it'd be cool to actually see how the flu vaccine creates the antibodies against influenza in my blood. So today I'm getting a blood sample taken before I get my flu shot, so I can then measure the changes. But don't worry. For the flu shot to work, you don't need to do this. So, the flu jab makes antibodies against the virus. Is it safe in pregnant women? It's perfectly safe in all stages of pregnancy. The other thing is that your baby is offered immunity for the first six months of its life. Right. - Hi. - Hello. [Shalin] So, what's in the vaccine, Rich? What are you gonna inject into me? - Well, it's got parts of dead flu viruses. - Uh-huh. And those are the best-guess viruses that the World Health Organisation thinks might be going round the Southern Hemisphere this year. Ow! [Dr Shalin] But it's only a little prick and there's a whole lot of benefit. If you get the jab, your chance of getting sick drops dramatically, as does the virus's ability to spread and do harm to others, which is excellent news for babies, pregnant women and the over-65s, who are among the most in danger of becoming critically ill during a flu outbreak. Now that I've been vaccinated, hopefully my immune system does what it's supposed to do and create the antibodies to protect me against the flu virus. I have my pre-vaccination blood sample here and in four weeks' time, I'll have another one taken and they'll be compared for the amount of antibodies generated in that time. [pig grunts] So, human beings aren't the only species that can catch the flu. Some animals can actually contract certain strains of the influenza virus and these strains can sometimes change enough that they can then infect human beings as well. When this happens, it can become a serious health risk. [coughs] [Dr Renee] To understand how the flu can escalate from a snotty nose, needing bedrest to a global pandemic potentially killing millions, I'm meeting up with Professor Kanta Subbarao. She's the Director of Influenza Research at the World Health Organisation Collaborating Centre. So, what is the difference between, say, a seasonal flu and what we would know as a pandemic flu virus? There are three types of influenza viruses, A, B and C. Influenza C generally causes mild illness. Most of us have had it. So epidemic influenza is caused by influenza A or B. Influenza B only affects humans. Influenza A, on the other hand, can infect many different species. Pigs can be infected, horses, dogs, waterfowl and shore birds and humans. So when a novel influenza A or B virus infects people and causes disease, if it can spread efficiently from person to person, it can cause a pandemic, because the population is not immune. It's completely new. [Dr Renee] And it's these pandemics that the professor hopes to eliminate altogether. Over the past 100 years, the world has been crippled by four major influenza pandemics. In 1918, the Spanish flu killed up to 50 million people globally. In 1957, the Asian flu hit, followed by the Hong Kong flu in 1968. Swine flu has become the first pandemic of the 21st century. And in 2009, swine flu spread to more than 74 countries. It killed more than 200,000 people. But it was in 2014, when Australia saw a resurgence in swine flu, that Kelly McClelland, a 35-year-old mum of three from Mount Isa in Queensland, came close to the brink of death. So, Kelly, how did this all start? I woke up on a Sunday morning. I had symptoms like I felt like I was getting a cold and then, come Tuesday, it developed into a cough and on the Friday morning, my husband, Sean, came home from the school drop-off to find me delirious on the bathroom floor. What do you mean by 'delirious'? I was... I was out of it. I was talking gibberish. Um, there was vomit all through the house. - Oh, wow. - Yeah. He took me straight up to the hospital and, um, in ICU that night, so, Sunday, cold-like symptoms and Friday, fighting for my life. [Dr Renee] Blood pathology confirmed it was the swine flu and Kelly was medivac'd from Mount Isa to Townsville Hospital. But her only hope of survival was with specialist equipment at the Prince Charles Hospital in Brisbane. En route, Kelly stopped breathing and had to be resuscitated. Her family were told to prepare for the worst. Kelly hasn't been back to this hospital since her ordeal. - I believe you know this gentleman. - Yeah, I do. This is one of the doctors who saved her life. Welcome back. - In an upright position. [she laughs] - You been keeping well? - Yes, yes. - Good. - I'm standing, thanks to you. Well, welcome back to the ICU. - I believe you're Dr Marc. - I am indeed. - Renee. - Renee, nice to meet you. How're you going? Dr Marc Ziegenfuss is the director of the Adult Intensive Care Service at Prince Charles Hospital. Kelly doesn't remember much from her time in hospital but to aid her recovery, she wants to understand what happened to her. When she got to you, how was she? Uh, she was desperately ill. She was actually dying. Um, so we knew that without pretty aggressive intervention, that her body would ultimately cave in and she would, uh, pass away. So what was the first thing that you guys did? So, Kelly's condition continued to deteriorate, to the point that we could not keep her alive with her own lungs and we decided to put her onto ECMO. Extracorporeal Membranous Oxygenation, or ECMO, acts as an artificial lung or heart-and-lung machine for critically ill patients. I want to come and show you something. - Come here. [weeps, sniffles] Give me your hand. Alright. [Dr Marc] So, this is an ECMO machine. That young man there is also fighting for his life but he will be OK. You can see two tubes coming out. One is dark blood. The other one's bright blood. That's because his lungs aren't working. Same thing with you. [Dr Renee] ECMO works by passing the patient's blood through a filter that adds oxygen and removes carbon dioxide, before warming it and pumping it back into the body, allowing patients like Kelly to focus all their energy on beating the virus. - You alright? - Thank you. It's alright. [Dr Marc] The machine is merely a machine. I really want to stress that. - If it wasn't for your team here... - Correct. - ...the machine is useless. - That's right. And the team wants to get to know who they're treating, so we want family photographs so that we can make that connection, because it's that connection that actually motivates us to go that little bit harder. You were wonderful. Felt like an, um, extended family. Good. I want a Christmas card, please. [all laugh] [Dr Renee] Understanding what happened to her and meeting one of the doctors that saved her life is part of Kelly's healing. And while her body is still recovering, three years on from swine flu, things are looking up. So, what I want to know is what does the future hold for Kelly? Well, hopefully getting back to my old self. - Yep. - To be a mum and a wife again, that I haven't been able to be, the last few years. - Yeah. - Do you look at the world differently now? - Absolutely, yeah. - Yeah? And I don't tend to, sort of, get upset with the little things so much anymore. Uh, don't take each other for granted, really. Yeah. - I want to give you a hug. [laughs] [tram bell dings] [Dr Shalin] While the flu can be deadly, science is catching up. Researchers are making headway on a universal flu vaccine that could spell the end for all flu viruses. To learn more about this and to get the results from my blood test, I'm catching up with Professor lan Barr. He's the deputy director of the World Health Organisation Collaborating Centre for Influenza. He's also... an intrepid bushwalker. [heroic music] - Alright? - OK. So, what's the role of the World Health Organisation in developing flu vaccine? So, the WHO has a global influenza network that analyses and then selects influenza viruses or strains to go into the vaccine each year and that's important, because the influenza virus is constantly changing, so we need to update the vaccine every year or two. [Dr Shalin] These vaccines are made from viruses taken from people around the Asia-Pacific region that had influenza. These viruses are then used to manufacture vaccines, using one of my favourite breakfast ingredients. So, what we've got here is, Cleve is inoculating some hens' eggs with a clinical sample that we've obtained from a member of the public. And so right now, that's a syringe of virus that he's injecting into the eggs so that the eggs themselves get infected. [Prof. Ian Barr] Correct. [Dr Shalin] Once the eggs are infected, they're stored in a fridge for three days. This allows the virus to replicate in the egg membrane, the bit just underneath the shell. Turns out that the influenza virus grows very well in chicken eggs. Alright. So, little virus factories. - They're little virus factories. - Who knew? They're good on toast and good for viruses! [both laugh] Does that mean the vaccine I got four weeks ago started its life here? That's correct. [Dr Shalin] Using this machine, Professor Barr was able to test my blood to see the effectiveness of the flu shot I had four weeks ago. The flu vaccine works by prompting our immune system to produce protective antibodies that can fight the flu virus if we are exposed to it in the future. So, Shalin, before we look at your results, let's look at a typical result for a person who has been vaccinated that hasn't been vaccinated before. [Shalin] Right. [Prof. Barr] Here we have the four vaccine components and we're testing them pre-vaccination and post-vaccination. So, the number of red dots indicates the amount of antibody to a particular virus and you can see here, for the H1 virus, there's only 1 in 10, indicating a low level of antibody and here, post-vaccination, you see the dots go out much further, indicating a much higher level of antibody. So this actually demonstrates that the vaccine is doing what it's supposed to do. - In this person, it's worked very well. - Alright. - Does it work in everyone? - Well, let's see how yours goes. Let's do it! [Prof. Barr] So, you did get a rise against the H1 component, from 40 to 160. You did get a rise from the H3 component, from 320 to 640 and no change in the B-Victoria component and a small rise in the B-Yamagata component. [Shalin] Right. The reason why I have antibodies to some of the flu viruses already is because I get the flu shot every year. Studies show the flu vaccine reduces children's risk of flu-related hospitalisation by 74% and by 57% in people over the age of 50. So, is there anything in the pipeline that means we don't have to keep getting our flu shot every year and might protect us against those pandemic flus? Scientists are working on that currently and for the universal vaccine, is what they call, we're trying to target a very small part of that virus. [Dr Shalin] When we get sick, our immune system defends us by primarily targeting two surface proteins of the virus. The haemagglutinin, HA and the neuraminidase, NA. The trick is these HA and NA proteins can change and evade being detected by our immune system and infect us anyway. But if we can make a universal vaccine that helps our immune system to target a different part of the virus that doesn't change, we can potentially stop all influenza viruses dead in their tracks. So, when will we see this universal vaccine? Initial results are looking quite encouraging, so we're hopeful that it will be here before not too much longer. Alright. So, in the battle against colds and flu, the science is looking strong. [Dr Shalin] If you've got a cold, it's a thumbs-up to home remedies like chicken soup and saltwater gargles. But for the best prevention, keep a healthy, balanced diet. To fend off the flu... Ow! ...remember to get an annual flu shot, particularly if you're in a high-risk group. [coughs] Try to keep your germs to yourself, take a day off work if you're sick and maintain good hygiene... Oh! Fist pump! ...because cold and flu viruses can survive up to seven days on surfaces. And one day, hopefully in the not-too-distant future, we'll have a vaccine that can protect us against all forms of the flu. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 