Riviera: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Riviera 
 s1e2 - Faussaires - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Riviera (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Faussaires - full transcript 
 Georgina is informed that Constantine's dealings are under investigation by Interpol. Meanwhile, Irina makes a deal with a major player within the underworld of the Riviera. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You broke my heart. Adam? - Georgina. - What the hell are you doing here? Really, I could ask you the same thing. How did you...? Irina told me. I suppose it's good you and mum are on first name terms now. - What are you doing with that? - I thought you were someone else. What is this place? Dad's little illusion. The tax people seem to think if you're claiming residency in Monaco 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 you should actually be a resident in Monaco. He asked me to pretend to be him, to look after the place. Collect the mail. But why the gun? He must have felt like he was in some sort of danger. What if this wasn't an accident? What is he's still in danger? - What? - I just got a text from his phone. - Saying what? - Saying sorry. OK. That's nuts. You don't think this is all a little bit weird? I think it's weird that you're even thinking like this. Don't do this. I should go. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Look, I'm sorry. I wish he were still alive too. Police. I am a colleague of Monsieur Jukes. - Who? - Speak to him yourself. Who are you? I wanted to see if you knew of the apartment. Can I talk to you at the police station, Mrs. Clios? Shall I send a car? No, I'll follow him. Here's a list of potential new clients. Our investors are spooked, we need to show some money coming in. For example? Jakob Negrescu offered us his account nine months ago and we turned him away. That's a big account, it would do what we need it to do. The bank's dealings need to be above board, reputable. - Father always insisted. - Not always. What? Not in the early days when we were first starting out. You think you get rich by being reputable every step of the way? Reputable is what you buy when you've already made your fortune. And you know that how? Darling, I was there, remember? Father asked for your advice? All the time. Look, Negrescu's company owns real estate, mostly downtown. Some diverse finance, a couple of hotels, a casino. A casino, that would be why father steered clear, I would imagine. Negrescu worked for your father back in the day. He's loyal. Sounds like a crook to me. Christos. You're going to stop putting that stuff up your nose and get it together, Okay? It was fine playing at being the big boss when Constantine was here, but he's gone now. Time to step up. Take a seat. - How long it this going to take? - I'll let him know you're here. - Mr. Delormes? - Hello, Mrs. Clios. How are you? A bit confused as to why I'm meeting a Mr. Jukes. Do you know him? I do. Are you with a lawyer? - Should I be? - I doubt you have anything to worry about. Actually, there's something else. When are they going to release my husband's things? Soon, I believe. Was there something in particular? His phone. I haven't seen a phone. - I'm not sure, I'll check. - I have to go. Bye. Officer Jukes. I'm with Interpol. Serious Financial Crime Agency. Will you come this way? Can we have the room? Please have a seat. - You're an American. - What do you want? You always this rude? A strange man has been following me. I have no idea why I'm in this room. You're from the East Coast. - Do your family still live there? - My father lives in New York. My mother's dead. I have no siblings. No doubt you already know all of this. Tell me about your father. He was a stockbroker. And he presently resides in a metropolitan correctional facility in New York. It's not too bad as far as prisons go. How many people know of his incarceration? As few as possible. Are you threatening me, Mr. Jukes? You can't be held responsible for your father's affairs. - Those of your husband, however... - What of them? You were his curator. Yes. That's how we met. Meaning you bought and sold works of art for him? That is what a curator does. Does the name John Brandeis mean anything to you? Yes, he's also a collector, like Constantine. - They sometimes bid on the same pieces. - Frequently? Bidding at auction is frequently anonymous. It's the auction house's responsibility to check the bidder's credentials. - Are you acquainted with Mr. Brandeis? - No, I never met him. A painting by Claude Lorraine, Juno Confiding Io to the Care of Argus was bought from Mr. Brandeis last year - for $15 million. - Yes. I bid on it myself. It was quite the coup at the time. Congratulations. Thank you. Are you aware the same painting was bought by Mr. Brandeis ten years ago for $2 million? No, but the art market has been booming. So... It was sold to him by Constantine Clios. - What are you implying? - A profit of $13 million. A painting sold twice between friends. I wasn't aware they were friends. I never met the man. - Your husband on the other hand... - He had many associates. The art world is the last unregulated market. - Ideal for money laundering. - Constantine would never-- We have been tracking the movement of your husband's funds from a series of companies to various bank accounts held in Monaco. I had no knowledge of my husband's financial affairs. No. But perhaps you do know from a financial point of view Monaco is the best place to die. Or the best place for funds to be held in probate. I cannot believe Madame can be so naive. Death duties in France amount to 50% of all inheritance. In Monaco they simply don't exist. Are you telling me you know nothing of such financial matters? - I intend to learn. - Oh. A course in actuarial accountancy perhaps? Is this interview over? I have no intention of detaining you any further. Good day. I thought I heard something. This house is too big. - Haunted. - The House of Clios. Sounds like a horror movie. - Or a great tragedy. - What is it about this painting? You're always staring at it. I bought it for your father because he loved it. Juno Confiding Io to the Care of Argus. So I look at it and I think of him. But something's changed. Maybe it's the moonlight. Or maybe it's because he's gone? He loved you, you know? He did. Are you going to leave? Once you're paid off. Why would you say something like that? Do you want me to leave? I don't know what I want. But I do know people leave me when I like them. - There should be a word for it, Madame. - A word for what Patrice? For the unblemished portion of wall upon which a picture once rested. - So you noticed? - Some time ago. The frame has been moved. Why didn't you say anything? There are some things best left unsaid. That's becoming quite a theme. Madame. Do you know of anything else best left unsaid? I still run this house, you know? Tell Antal I want to review our security arrangements. - Is Negrescu here? - No, he is not here today. Really? I was just saying I thought the drains were leaking and in you walk. Give us five minutes, would you? Take this. Thank you. She one of yours? One of my what? Do you want the immigration office to pay your brothels a visit? I fucked all the girls that work for me but I never fucked this one. Skinny bitch, not my type. - Look properly. - I've looked. Look again. Have you been missing me, Delormes? I mean, It's been a while since you last showed up for no reason asking questions, sniffing around. I mean, every chance you get for, let's be honest, tenuous reasons. If you weren't such a boring asshole I'd wonder if you wanted to fuck me. Oui, Merci. You're coming very close to annoying me actually and that would be a mistake. Are you threatening me? The Lorraine, has anyone touched it or moved it? No, of course not. We would have seen. There are infrared alarms set every night. Also, each of the works in the gallery has an individual sound sensor. How far back do these go? The surveillance tapes? Five months. Since the new system was installed. Who is that? Christos. What's he doing? I imagine he needed access to the room. - Which room? - Monsieur Clios had a safe room installed. Along with the new security system. I see. Wine was Tino's thing. I never went to the cellar. Can you show me? You can't use the house code, Madame. The safe code has eight digits. What is it? Forgive me, Madame, I can't tell you. - Cannot or will not? - Cannot? - I don't know them. - Well who does? Only Christos. You will be paid. If there's nothing to hide, why not open the books? Charming. A time like this and you question his integrity? Are they the lawyers come to read the will? No, no, that happens tomorrow. Maybe it's all falling apart. - What is? - The house of Clios. The men in dark suits have come to collect. Your father's death is worrying the investors. Vampires. Maybe they were the ghost last night. We have to save him. I wouldn't underestimate Christos. Yes, but someone has to do something. - Jesus Christ! - Is she legal? Shut your fucking mouth, meeting's over. Get out. Come on. Come on. - That was nice. - Nice? All right. It was good. Better I suppose. Would you do something for me, commissioner? Well... if you ask nicely. - It's about the investigation. - Okay. Will you tell me what they find out? You know it's in the hands of the maritime division. I'm not-- Yeah, but you oversee everything. I'll see what I can do. But so far it looks like they had bad luck, faulty fuel tanks. Where are you going? Actually, I have an engagement. And you need to get back to the station. Aren't you going to return the favour? Best to leave you wanting. Wow. Looking for something? Can I ask you something? Sure. Who used to buy paintings for Constantine? Before you, you mean? I don't know. I never really took much of an interest. One day there would be a space on the wall, the next some Impressionistic nightmare. I don't know who actually bought them for him. Dealers and brokers, I guess. You'll never guess it, the password. He delighted in having cryptic passwords. He delighted in being cryptic generally. More than I ever realised. I remember that creak. - It always told me he was here. - Maybe he still is. Okay, sure, well... if he is you're taking the blame for damaging his antique furniture. Robert. Who's Robert? A friend of yours? We'll change the two tables there - Okay. - Okay. Very well. - Mr. Negrescu. - Irina. - Mrs. Clios. - Sorry to hear about your husband. - Ex-husband. - So was I. You've come a long way, Jakob. It looks good on you. - So what are we doing here? - Building a new wing for the hospital. You know what I mean. You came to our bank a while ago and we turned you away. That was our mistake. I would like to apologise. I'd like to make things right. Constantine's death is scaring the investors. We could use some friends. And I thought what better friends than old friends. Is that what we are? Well, something like that. We could use your accounts. To be honest I was expecting to meet Christos. Doesn't he make these decisions now? Okay. All right. You can have our account. Perhaps we can make these arrangements more appealing. The Clios Foundation, gala dinners, charitable fundraisers, helping kids in wheelchairs. It's class. If you compare with casinos I suppose it is. Well, I think I'd like to make a small donation. A little philanthropy to go with that rather exquisite suit. - I'd be happy to take your money. - Thank you. In fact, I think we can do more for each other. The banker is the ringleader in our little stampede. It would be to all our benefit if he were more reasonable. An unreasonable banker. I assume we would be gentle with him. I wouldn't tell you how to do your job. You really have come a long way, Jakob. Robert. You owe me, Robert. - Hey, what a nice surprise. - You owe me for the Tiepolo cartoon. For covering your ass. For covering your forgery. All right. I'm not going to argue with you. You owe me and you have the fucking temerity to act like I'm other people. George, wait. - Georgie, what's going on? - I think you know. At least tell me what you're looking for. A rectangular canvas worth about 15 million. These are just junk. I was looking at the Lorraine, the big phallic god dude hiding his secrets in plain view from his poor, dumb wife. And I kept thinking how blind do you have to be to not see what is right in front of you? Who painted it? - Why are you asking me? - Because I know you, Robert. I know you can fake documents, chains of title. You're no forger but you certainly have an eye for one. And you know just the right person to use. Are you going to keep lying to me? It was a mate of mine who lives out near Grasse. I want to know how you got it in there. Past the security cameras. How did you get the codes? Robert, how did you get the security codes? I want to know who you sold the original to. What shady dealer in what shady country. I can't believe you'd do this to me. George... Wait. - I didn't. - What do you mean you didn't? I didn't do it to you. Your husband did it to you. Constantine commissioned the Lorraine. - What? Why? - He needed to sell the original. But like the big phallic dude that he was he had to hide that fact from his highly observant wife. From more than his wife, I'm sure. - Are you saying Constantine needed money? - I didn't ask. And perhaps neither should you. Are you fucking with me? Because I have to ask, Robert. I got a text from his phone. Was it you? Of course not. Somebody has come back to haunt me. I'm asking you... Is my husband really dead? - That's insane. - Yes, it is. But everything is telling me he could still be alive. I find out he was a crook and maybe it was more expedient for him to die suddenly the way he did. What am I supposed to think? You think there's some sort of conspiracy. We didn't just fake a painting but your husband's death too. - Did you? - No. Hi, you've reached Constantine Clios. I'm not available right now... Hi, you've reached Constantine Clios... He loves these. Loved, surely. I don't know anything anymore. That's one thing I'm sure of. There are more things in heaven and earth... Were you sure of him? I knew him better than any. I met him later in life. He didn't have anything to prove. I didn't judge him, like you do. His wealth didn't impress me. I wasn't from this world. Monaco, the Riviera. I love the part of him that transcends all of this. Lucky you. I saw no part of my father that wasn't entirely conditioned by, as you put it, this world. - The devil's finest trick... - Is to persuade you that he doesn't exist. Don't underestimate me, Adam. I wouldn't dare. Who said the devil's a he? Baudelaire. No, it's not a big deal. But it needs to be sorted today. Can you do it tonight? - Yes. - Are you going to be late? No, no, not too late. Well, we'll see. You know how it is here. Yes, I was tired but it won't be until after tomorrow. Maybe I'll cook you dinner tonight. Yes, like last time. Do you want me to pick something up on the way home? Iso? Who are you? Are you all right my love? Who are you talking to? Isobel! I'm coming straight away! Don't move. I'm going now. - Why do you stay here? - Where else shall I go? Your mother's. Dante's seventh cycle of hell. I don't think so. You are only ever here in summer. Yeah, but I like coming back to you, seeing you working the vines. Tell the truth. You loved it, too. There wasn't much else to look at. Remember you thought the old barn was haunted. Yeah, I thought the whole place was haunted. Well, it wasn't, it was just... waiting for a ghost. You're trying to freak me out. Maybe. Fuck me. Fuck off! No, fuck you. Are you okay, honey? I'm sorry I wasn't there. You're late. Go on, get lost! Shit! What do you want me to do? He threatened me and one of his henchmen attacked my wife in my house Can you prove that this intruder was looking for information on Negrescu? This is becoming obsessive, Delormes. No, I'm sure the girl works for him. There's a thousand pimps in this town. You go straight for him, stir the pot and then come running to me for backup. That's not how things work, Officer. So, did you find anything? Just some info on the girls. Do you think it could be a problem? No. It's more of the same. The cop's wife came back to the apartment. Really? Bonjour, Madame. You're late. Aren't you excited to see what Constantine left you? - Oui, Madame? - Can you handle two? - Two? - Deux Madame Clios. Of course. You are expected. I'll just be a moment. Hello, Mrs. Clios. You found his phone. Yes, the maritime police sent it over. It was among the recovered items but they had to dry it out before they could ID the owner. Hello? Hello? Bonjour, Madame. Bienvenue. Shall we, shall we sit? Okay. Here we go. I have before me the holographic will of Constantine Clios, signed by his own hand. I see we are fortunately excused the matter of dealing with nil-rate band legacies. Excuse me. Could you elaborate? Since your father died in Monaco waters, Monaco law, not French law, applies to inheritance tax, death duties and so forth. And what does Monaco law say about inheritance tax? It says there is no inheritance tax. That is correct. Even in death, your father was a fastidious man of business. "It is the will of Constantine Clios that the main portion of his estate including the assets of his banking interests and such liquidity as exists in the Clios Foundation be divided according to custom in the following manner. To his surviving widow, that is Georgina Clios, one quarter part. To each of his three children, one quarter part each." Now, in the case of the personal bequests. "To my son Christos, I leave my private aeroplane, my collection of Patek Philippe wrist watches, my townhouse in London and the apartment and associated yacht berthing in Marina di Portofino. To my son Adam, I leave my Aston Martin 177, my vacation property in St Barthelemy, my library of first editions, my Charles Hollander chess set." You've got a car. "To my daughter Adriana, I leave my Porsche 959, to be held in trust until her 21st birthday and all property and livestock associated with my stud farm in Burgundy." You got a pony. "To my wife, Georgina, I leave my collection of art works." Excuse me, monsieur, please forgive this intrusion, but this is a police matter. I have a convocation to be served to the Clios family. But this is unprecedented. I also have warrants to be served to you, the family lawyer, - concerning the Clios estate. - Warrants? To what end? The estate, the Clios Foundation, and all the holdings of the Clios bank and family are to be frozen, pending an ongoing criminal investigation. Whatever were the provisions of the will, they are suspended. I see. Was it really necessary, sir, to choose this moment? I'm afraid it's rare for a family as international as this to be gathered in the same place at the same time. - What about our inheritance? - There is no inheritance any more. You're obliged to surrender your passports and remain resident at the definite place. That is the Villa Carmela. And report to the police station regularly until I determine the investigation is over. Why, you must have a fucked up sense of humour. I'm sorry, Miss Clios? The four of us, living together in the same house? I mean, like a real family. Oh, that's just mean. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 