Alias Grace: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Grace 
 s1e4 - Part 4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Grace (2017): Season 1, Episode 4 - Part 4 - full transcript 
 Tensions rise at Richmond Hill, sparked by the surly and rebellious handyman McDermott. Grace realises that the housekeeper, Nancy Henderson, is the mistress of the charming but imperious ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I wonder what has been causing your loss of sleep. What makes you  say that, Grace? GRACE: You have dark circles  under your eyes and it looks as though  you haven't slept a wink. Oh, Nancy, this is Grace. Mr. Kinnear, my master... (BODY THUDS)  ...is a gentleman  of a fine Scottish family. I am Thomas Kinnear,  your new employer.  Watch yourself. GRACE: I could see there was  no love lost between  McDermott and Nancy. (GRUNTING) You'd only need  breaking in like a colt 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and then you'll go as good  as the rest of them. I'm the man for the job. GRACE: It's strange to reflect that of all the people  living in that house, I was the only  one of them left alive  in six months' time. MCDERMOTT: Hang her! (THEME SONG PLAYING) (WHIPPING) (SCREAMING) (GROANING) See, that's what happens  when you take an extra piece of bread  for your breakfast. Don't try that, Grace. (KNOCKING ON DOOR) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 GRACE: That evening  was so beautiful, it made a pain in my heart. It's when you cannot tell  whether you're happy or sad. But I thought that  if I could have a wish, it would be that nothing  would ever change and we would stay  that way forever. GRACE: Good morning,  Dr. Jordan. Good morning, Grace.  (CLEARS THROAT) I am just reading  James McDermott's confession. He says,  "Grace was very jealous "of the difference  made between "her and the housekeeper  whom she hated, "and to whom she was  very insolent and saucy." He claims you said... What, is she better than us? That she is to be  treated like a lady, and eat and drink of the best? She is not better  born than we are, or better educated. This is a different story  than the one you told me. What do you think of  when you hear that, Grace? I've heard it before. I think it's bad luck  to laugh at the dead. The dead don't like  being laughed at. Would you like me  to continue on where we left off  yesterday, sir? Yes, please, Grace. NANCY: Smell this. Isn't it lovely? And then I put on  some hair pomade. It gives the hair  a wonderful shine. Will you brush  my hair out for me, Grace? Yes, with pleasure. That feels  most luxurious. You have  a good touch, Grace. Your hair reminds me  of my friend's hair. NANCY: What friend is that? An old friend. We will need  a chicken tonight. Captain Boyd  and Colonel Bridgeford are coming around  to dine. Have McDermott  kill one for us. Of course. Won't we need two chickens? There will be six  to dine with the ladies. There will be no ladies. The wives of these gentlemen  never condescend to darken the door  of the house. And I myself will not be  taking dinner with them. All they do is  smoke and drink and talk of the  fine deeds they did in putting down  the Rebellion. Just do  as I asked you. (DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES) (CHICKENS CLUCKING) McDermott? McDermott? James? McDermott? Grace? What are you doing  in McDermott's loft? We need him  to kill a chicken. Oh. He has probably  gone drinking in town. (DOOR CLOSES) I can't find McDermott. He is always going off  when he is needed. You'll have to kill  the chicken yourself, Grace. Oh, no. I can't do it.  I've never done it before. There's a first  for everything. I can pluck it  once killed, but I cannot shed  the blood of a living thing. Don't be  a silly goose, Grace. It's easy enough. You just take the ax  and give it a strong whack right through the neck. Nancy, I cannot bear  the thought of it. Don't come back  without a dead bird. And hurry! Mr. Kinnear likes  his meals on time. JAMIE: What's  the matter Grace? Could you please  kill this chicken for me? There is nothing easier.  I would be glad to do it. You are so squeamish  and tender-hearted. Thank you, Jamie. I don't have anything  to give you for it, but I will remember it  in the future. I will help you  any other time you might need it. That bird needs  to go in the oven. I see you have  made a conquest. What do you mean?  Jamie Walsh. He has a bad case  of puppy love. He used to be my admirer,  but now I see he is yours. He's not much of  a catch for me. He's only a boy. Well, a worm  will always turn. Will you go down  to the cellar and fetch another  jug of wine? I don't like spiders. (DOOR CREAKS OPEN) (LAUGHING IN THE DISTANCE) (MEN TALKING INDISTINCTLY) (LAUGHING CONTINUES) And she was screaming.  "My farm! My life!" And do you remember?  Tom says, "Your burning farm  is not your problem. "It is your disgusting  rebel husband."  (ALL LAUGHING) I thought  I could educate her. One can learn  valuable lessons at the most difficult times. Where did you  find this one, Tom? Anymore growing on the tree  where she came from? And if so,  are they ripe yet? What have you done  with Nancy? Is she locked in  a cupboard somewhere with the rest of  your Turkish harem? (ALL CHUCKLING) You should look to your  fine blue eyes, my dear, Nancy might  scratch them out if old Tom so much  as looks at you sideways. She's a fiery little  rebel that one. Her last name is Montgomery. Just like the tavern  where the rebels gathered. You best be careful you don't fall  under her influence. At that time,  Montgomery himself was in the United States, having escaped from  Kingston Penitentiary in a most daring manner. So it is possible  for such a thing to be done. I don't think Captain Boyd  was a real captain. Some of these men  took up their titles just for having got their  two legs around a horse on the day  of the Rebellion. What about Mr. Kinnear? I don't know  and I don't ask. But if he had,  it certainly would have been on the side of the Government. My best friend's family  lost their farm to the government troops. I don't know  and I don't ask. (MEN LAUGHING) I'm getting too fat. Now, we must and should  pray for Divine Grace. We should not be  puffed up in vanity and think that our prayers  might have any effect. The first is the last  and the last is the first... GRACE: "There are many  whited sepulchers "walking around in our midst. "Fair on the outside, "but filled with rot  and corruption within. "We should guard  against complacency "and should not  let our lamps go out. "Because no man knows  the day and the hour thereof. "We must await  in fear and trembling." And what did you think  of this sermon, Grace? I thought to myself, if you could not get Divine  Grace by praying for it, or any other way, or ever know  if you had it or not, then you might as well forget  about the whole matter and go about  your own business. Because whether you would  be damned or saved was of no concern of yours. There is no use  crying over spilt milk if you don't know whether  the milk is spilt or not. And if God alone knows,  then God alone can tidy it up. Thinking of such things  makes me drowsy. MINISTER: We will be saved  by Divine Grace alone. And no efforts on our part or any good works  that we might do. Divine Grace... (WHISPERS) It's an outrage. An outrage. Let's go. I can't stand  being stared at. GRACE: I thought, these are  cold and proud people and not good neighbors. They are hypocrites, they think the church is  a cage to keep God in, so he will stay  locked up there and not go wandering about  the Earth during the week poking His nose  into their business and looking into the depths  and doubleness of their hearts and lack of true charity. They believe they need only be  bothered about Him on Sundays when they have  their best clothes on and their faces straight, and their hands washed  and their gloves on, and their stories  all prepared. But God is everywhere, and cannot be caged in,  as men can. Where were you yesterday? I finished my morning chores. It's none of your  damn business where I went. You have no right  to come and go and vanish off  the face of the Earth just when you  might be wanted most. Well, how was I  supposed to know? I can't read the future. If you could,  you would see that you will not spend  much more of it in this house. You are to leave  at the end of the month. Now go take care  of the horse. Unless you consider  such a thing to be too far beneath  Your Royal Highness. (DOOR OPENS) (DOOR CLOSES) (DOOR OPENS) (SIGHS) I'm just as glad. I do not like being ordered  about by a woman. And it's much worse  considering what type of a woman she is. I don't care to stay  a moment longer with such a parcel  of whores. What do you mean by that? Do you not know that Nancy and  Mr. Kinnear sleep together? It's no secret. All the neighborhood  knows of it. That cannot be true. You can scarcely see the nose  before your own face. Nancy had a baby when she was working  over at Wrights' farm by a young layabout  who ran off and left her. The baby died  thanks to midwife's mercy. Mr. Kinnear hired her  and took her in anyway, which no respectable man  would have done. It was clear from the first  what he had in mind. Once the horse  is out of the stable, it is no good  shutting the barn door. (MUMBLES) A woman once on her back is like a turtle  in the same plight. She can scarcely turn  herself right side up again and then  she's fair game for all. I don't believe you! (DOOR OPENS) (DOOR CLOSES) Although I protested,  it came to me that for once  he was telling the truth. And I was ashamed of myself  for letting myself be tricked and imposed on  in that fashion. For being so blind  and foolish. (WHISPERING) (GIGGLING) GRACE: I'm sorry  to say that after this, I lost much of the respect  I'd once felt for Nancy, as being older,  and the mistress of the house. You've missed  behind the hutch. Why don't you do it?  Grace! Since nothing is ever  good enough for you. Do it yourself. Or can you not bend down  in that fine dress? How dare you! How dare I what? (BOTH GRUNTS) Why is McDermott not  helping you with that, Grace? Is it too heavy for you? It is my task to do, sir. Here, I'll carry it  up for you. Oh, no, sir.  I cannot allow it. (CHUCKLES) It is up to me what  will be allowed or not. I am the master of  the house, am I not? Yes. Come then, Grace. I will take it  upstairs for you. (SLURPS) (GRUNTS) Nancy plans to turn me away  before the month is up and withhold my wages. If she treats me this way, she will soon  treat you the same. We need to join together  and demand our rights. (TOM LAUGHING) I hate all Englishmen. Mr. Kinnear  is a Lowland Scot. It's the same thing. They are all thieves,  whores, stealers of land. They grind down the poor  wherever they go. They deserve to be  knocked on the head and thrown down the cellar. Both of them. And I'm the man for the job. GRACE: I thought this was  just a way of talking, as he was always a boaster. My own father,  when drunk, had often threatened me  in this way but had never  in fact done so. The best thing  at such times was just to nod  and agree with him, and to take  no further notice. So you did not  believe him, at first? Not at all. Nor would you, sir, if you  yourself had been listening. I took it all  for idle threats. Before he was hanged,  McDermott said that you were the one  who put him up to it. He claimed  that you intended to murder  Nancy and Mr. Kinnear by putting poison  in their porridge, and that he repeatedly  refused to help you. (WHISPERS) You are  such a coward. I will not be  part of it. You'll go straight to hell  and I will not join you. It is the simplest thing  in the world. We needn't even get  any blood on our hands. GRACE: Who told you  such a lie? It's written in  McDermott's confession. Just because a thing  has been written down, sir, does not mean  it's God's truth. I mean, you're quite  right about that, Grace. But all the same,  what do you say to it? Well, sir, I think it's one  of the silliest things I've ever heard. Why do you say that? If I wanted to put poison  into a bowl of porridge, sir, why would I have needed any  help from the likes of him? I could have done it  all by myself, put some into his  own porridge too, into the bargain. It won't take  anymore strength than the adding  of a spoonful of sugar. You are very cool  about it, Grace. Why would he say that  about you if it was false? Perhaps he wanted to  shift the blame. And I suppose he wanted me  to keep him company. The road to death  is a lonely highway, and longer than it appears, even when it leads straight  down from the scaffold, by way of a rope. And it's a dark road, with never any moon shining  on it to light your way. You seem to know  a good deal about it, for one  that's never been there. I too was condemned  to be hanged, I thought I would be. When you yourself  are to go the same road, you must take  your bearings of it. True enough. Nor would I blame  poor James McDermott. Not for such a wish. I would never blame a human  creature for feeling lonely. Have you often felt  lonely, Grace? Yes. In the asylum. And in the penitentiary when there are punishments  for things especially. What sort of punishments? (BREATHING HEAVILY) (DOOR RATTLING) (SCREAMING) (SCREAMING) And in the asylum,  the doctors and the orderlies themselves often  took liberties. These things made me feel  like I was alone in the world. Is it true that you were  in a delicate condition when you left the asylum? That is what  they told me, sir. Must have been  very difficult for you. Could we change  the subject please, sir? Of course. (INHALES SHARPLY) Did you feel lonely  at the Kinnear Farm? I remember one day  in particular. It was my birthday. (DOOR OPENS) NANCY: Happy Birthday, Grace. For your room. Thank you, Nancy. You may have  the afternoon free. Thank you. But, I wouldn't know  what to do with myself. I'll stay at home and finish  polishing the silver. Nonsense. You should go for a walk  in the country around. Here. You may borrow my hat. (DOOR OPENS) (DOOR CLOSES) Mr. Kinnear intends  to be home all afternoon. She wants you  out of the way. Careful. There are many vagabonds  out on the roads. A girl as flighty as you  needs protection. I'll be just fine.  Thank you. (DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES) GRACE: There is something  depressing to the spirits about a birthday, especially when alone. I had no idea in my mind  of where I should go. And it struck me at once  how very solitary I was. I had no friends, and if you looked at things  in the cold light of day, I was indeed  alone in the world, with no prospects before me except the drudgery  I'd been doing. And although I could find  a different situation, still it would be  the same sort of work, from dawn to dusk, with always a mistress  to be ordering me about. I reflected that the very  birds were strangers to me, for I did not even  know their names. And for some reason, that seemed to me  the saddest of all. (TWIGS BREAK) Oh, Jamie.  You startled me. Happy birthday. I saw you crying.  Why are you sad, Grace? I have no friends here. I'm your friend. Do you have  a sweetheart, Grace? I do not.  I would like to be  your sweetheart. And when I'm older and have  saved the money for it, we will be married. Jamie, I am a great deal  older than you. A year and a bit. Jamie, I don't know why, but a girl of 15 or 16  is accounted a woman. A boy of the same age  is still a boy. Thank you for your offer.  I'll consider it. Here. I'll make you  a daisy crown. (GIGGLES) (INDISTINCT CHATTERING) You are the May Queen. I will have to be the  July Queen as it is July. (CHUCKLES) May I give you  a kiss on the cheek? Yes. But only one. Thank you, Jamie. You've made my birthday  a fine occasion after all. I should be going home. My father will be  wondering where I am. Good afternoon, Grace. Who was that man you were with  in the orchard then? What were you  doing with him? It was only  young Jamie Walsh. We were making daisy chains  because it is my birthday. What's that wilted flower  doing in your hair? It looks very silly. So, you were rolling about in  the grass with the errand boy. Well, he should have his  brains knocked out for that. I'd do it for him myself  if he wasn't such a baby. Such a fine  cradle-robber you are. GRACE: I was doing  no such thing. I felt as though the afternoon  had not been mine at all, and not a kind  and private thing, but had been spied upon  by every one of them. Exactly as if they'd all been  lined up at the door of my bed chamber, and taking turns looking  through the keyhole. And how did that  make you feel, Grace? It made me feel  very sad. And also angry. Jeremiah. (CONTINUES WHISTLING) Well, Grace,  I told you I would come. I'm very glad  to see you, Jeremiah! Aren't you going to  invite me in? (BOTH CHUCKLE) Here's to your  good health, Grace. I wanted to celebrate  the end of my life as a peddler with you. Are you no longer  a peddler? Not after today. I'm going to be a hypnotist. (CHUCKLING) There is a real appetite  for it now more than ever. Thank you for coming.  Hmm. Are you happy here? The house is  a beautiful one. But in a quiet  and removed situation. It is quiet. But Mr. Kinnear  is a liberal gentleman. With a gentleman's tastes. They say in the neighborhood he has a hankering  for servant-girls. I pray you do not end up  like Mary Whitney. It is a sad story  what happened to Mary. But for you, Grace,  a stitch in time saves nine. You know that Nancy was  the servant of this household, not so long ago, doing the same rough and  dirty work that you do now. I did not know that. When a man gets a habit, it is hard for him  to break it. Like a dog gone bad. Once a sheep is killed and  the dog gets a taste for it, it must kill another. I don't like all this  talk of killing. Come away with me, Grace. I do not like  the feeling here. Come away?  What do you mean? You would be safer with me  than you are here. Where would we go? We could go  to the United States. What's it like there? Well, in many ways,  it's the same as here. There are rogues  and scoundrels everywhere, they merely use  a different sort of language to excuse themselves. There they pay great  lip service to democracy, just as here they rant on about the right  order of society and loyalty to the Queen. And yet the poor  are poor on every shore. But when you  cross that border, it's like  passing through air. The trees are the same  on either side and we can go through  those very trees tonight and not pay  any Customs duties. Wouldn't we be  breaking the law? Aren't laws made  to be broken? These laws were not made  by me or mine, they were made  by the powers that be so that they could profit. We would be  harming no one. What would I do?  Travel with me. You could be  a medical clairvoyant. I could help you  into trances and instruct you  in what to say. I know by your very hand  you have a talent for it. Yeah. You have  the right look for it. And you could earn  twice as much one day than you do scrubbing floors  here in two months. Of course, you would  need a new name, a French one, perhaps,  something foreign. The people on this side  of the ocean would have a very  hard time believing that a girl with  a simple name like Grace had mysterious powers. Wouldn't that be  a deception and a cheat? (SMACKS LIPS)  No more than at the theater. If people wish  to believe a thing, if they long for it  and depend on it to be true, is it cheating to help them  to their own belief? Or is it not rather a charity, a human kindness? A new name would pose  no problem for me. I have no great attachment to  my own as it was my father's. Shall we shake on it then? I won't conceal  from you, sir, that the idea  was greatly tempting. Jeremiah was a handsome man. And I recalled that  I was to marry a man with a J to his name. And I also thought  of the money I might have and the clothes  I could buy with it, and perhaps some  good earrings as well. But then I had remembered what had happened  to Mary Whitney. Would we be married then? (CHUCKLING) What would be  the need of that? Marriage never brought  anything good, as far as I see. If two are of a mind to keep  together, then they will, and if not,  then one will run off and that's the long  and short of it. I think I had better  stay here, then. In any case, I am  too young to be married. Please consider it, Grace. I am willing to help you,  and care for you. And I tell you truly, you are surrounded  by dangers here. (DOOR CLOSES) And who the devil  might you be? What the devil is he doing  in the kitchen, Grace? He is a peddler  and well known to me. Mr. Kinnear will be  annoyed to find out that you have been wasting  good beer and cheese on a common rogue  of a peddler. Mr. Kinnear would not  refuse an honest man a cold drink on a hot day. JEREMIAH: I should be leaving. (CLEARS THROAT) I will come back soon  for your answer. And I hope for your sake  as well as my own that it will be yes. Thank you  for coming, Jeremiah. He has a low,  foreign look about him. I suppose he came  sniffing about you like a bitch in the heat. Kindly remove yourself, so I can get on  with the supper. GRACE: Several days later,  the doctor paid us a visit. Doctors are like crows. When you see two or three  of them gathered together, you know there is a death  in the offing, and they are discussing it. With the crows,  they are deciding which parts to tear open  and make off with, and so it is with the doctors. I do not mean you, sir.  Hmm. As you have no  leather bag or knives. (CHUCKLES) Well, Grace.  And where is your mistress? She is not at all well.  She is lying down upstairs. But if there is anything  to be brought to you, I can do it myself. I shall like some coffee if  that is not too much trouble. It's no trouble,  although it might take time. I have to build  the fire again. When it is ready,  bring it in to me. Thank you, Grace. (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING) Are you feeling all right? Yes. What are you doing  stirring up the fire? Mr. Kinnear wants me  to make him some coffee and take it into him. But I always  take in his coffee. Why did he ask you? Because you yourself  were not here. I was only trying to  spare you the work as you said  you were feeling ill. I'll take it in. And, Grace, this afternoon I would like you  to scrub this floor. It's very dirty, and I am tired  of living in a pigpen. (RETCHING) Clean it up. (WIND HOWLING) Don't walk on my clean floor  with your mucky boots. Don't you have  anything better to do? You're not paid  to stand there and gawp. Oh, I'm sorry, sir. (CHUCKLES)  There's no harm done. What is it?  What are you doing here? Scrubbing the floor, ma'am,  as you ordered me to. You're talking back.  I am sick of your insolence. All I wanted was  a second cup of coffee. I'll make it.  Grace, you can go. Where am I to go, ma'am,  with the floor only half done? Anywhere out of here. And for God's sake,  pin up your hair. You look like  a common slut. I will be  in the library. Close your mouth.  You'll catch flies. Go get yourself  cleaned up. I need you to help me  with a new dress. None of my old ones  fit anymore. GRACE: All at once  it came over me what was the matter with her. I'd seen it before. She was in trouble. Stop staring at me. GRACE: I felt my heart  going hard like a hammer. It cannot be. Did Mr. Kinnear know  that she was pregnant? I could tell  he did not know. And I wondered what he would  do when he found out. Boot her into a ditch. Marry her. I had no idea. What did you hope for? I cannot rest easy with  either of those futures. I wished Nancy no harm, but all the same  it would not be fair for her to end up  a respectable married lady with a ring on her finger. It would not be  right at all. Why? Why would that  not be right, Grace? Because Mary had done  the same as her, and had gone to her death. Why should one be rewarded  and the other punished for the same sin? (THUNDER RUMBLING) GRACE: When the weather  is like that, you can hear  your own heart beat. It is like hiding, and waiting for someone  to come and find you, and you don't know  who that person will be. (RUMBLING CONTINUES) Why can't we have  proper cooked food? Like the steaks and peas  they're eating in there. New peas  do not grow on trees. You ought to know who would  have the first choice of them. In any case, I'm Mr. Kinnear's  servant, not yours. Well, if you were mine,  you would not last long. You are such  a foul-tempered witch. The only cure for you  is the end of a belt. Ill words butter  no parsnips. (RAIN PATTERING) (INDISTINCT CHATTERING) (NANCY GIGGLES) NANCY: Stop it. Stop it. KINNEAR: Has the cat  got your tongue? Why are you  so pensive tonight? NANCY: I am worried  about the servants. KINNEAR:  Which of the servants? NANCY: Both of them. Well, of course, there are  three servants in the house. Not two.  You are a servant yourself. Thank you. It is very kind  of you to remind me of that. Now, I must go.  (CHUCKLING) No. I have my duties  in the kitchen to attend to. Then you must stay  where you are. It is your  master's command. (LAUGHS) I suppose that is what  I am paid for. Oh, shh. Why are you worrying  about the servants? Is the work  not getting done? No, work is getting done, but in McDermott's case, only because I stand  over him with a whip. He's insolent.  I've given him his notice. I never liked him. What about Grace? Grace is quick  and tidy about her work, but, lately, she has become  very quarrelsome. I am thinking of giving her  her notice as well. There is something about her  that makes me quite uneasy. I think  she's not quite right. Several times, I've heard her  talking out loud to herself. KINNEAR: Hmm. She is certainly  a handsome girl. She has a naturally  refined air and a pure  Grecian profile. If I put her  in the right clothes and told her to  hold her head high and keep her mouth shut, I could pass her off  as a lady any day. I certainly hope you would  never say such things to her. It will turn her head  and give her ideas above her station,  it would be no favor to her. You've never had such  agreeable opinions of me. Well, I have opinions of you  that are absolutely filthy. Now, you, you, you... Here! Come back here,  you dirty girl. You do as I say...  (GIGGLES) No... ...or I will  have to catch you and when I do,  I will have you... I've got you now. (THUNDER RUMBLING) GRACE: The rain was loud  and oppressive. And I heard a whisper  which sounded as close as  if it were inside my ear. VOICE: (WHISPERING)  It cannot be. Whisper... That whisper. That whisper... And then... Then I had  a very strange dream. (BREATHING HEAVILY) I saw headless angels  in bloody robes. They were sitting  in silent judgment upon Mr. Kinnear's house, and on all within it. The sheets  I'd hung the night before had blown into the trees. It was very unlike me  to forget a white laundry that I'd worked so hard at. The nightdresses and shirts did indeed look like  angels without heads. It was as if our own clothing  was sitting in judgment  upon us. And I could not  shake the feeling that there was some  doom on the house, and that some within  were fated to die. If I was given  the chance right then, I would have run off  with Jeremiah, and better for me if I had. But I did not know  where he had gone. I did know that I was walking  around outside in the night without knowing it. And my heart sank at this. I remember  looking up at you after I told this story,  Dr. Jordan. And I remember  that it did my heart good to feel I could bring  some pleasure into a fellow being's life. And I thought to myself, I wonder what you  will make of all that. (THEME SONG PLAYING) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 