Alias Grace: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Grace 
 s1e5 - Part 5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Grace (2017): Season 1, Episode 5 - Part 5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MRS. HUMPHREY: You're so much more caring than my husband ever was. So kind of you to make dinner again. It would be most useful to approach the time of the murders with her now. I must reiterate. My methods take time. You can scarcely see the nose before your own face. McDERMOTT: Do you not know that Nancy and Mr. Kinnear sleep together? SIMON: Did Mr. Kinnear know that she was pregnant? GRACE: I could tell he did not know. And I wondered what he would do when he found out. KINNEAR: It is up to me what will be allowed or not. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I am the master of the house, am I not? Come away with me, Grace. And I tell you truly, you are surrounded by dangers here. (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) GRACE I said to McDermott, I didn't think you were going to do it that minute. He said it was better to get it done with, because he came to me and said, "Open the trap-door "and I'll throw her down the cellar." I refused to do so being frightened, he presently came to me and said he had thrown her down the cellar. I asked him, "What for?" 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He said, "Never mind, she is not dead yet." I gave him a piece of white cloth, and followed him to the trap door. I saw the body lying at the foot of the stairs... (AUDIO TRIALS OFF) McDERMOTT: Nancy was on the cellar floor, barely alive. I turned to Grace. The expression of her livid face was even more dreadful than that of the unfortunate woman. She uttered no cry, but she put her hand to her head, and said... God has damned me for this. Well, then you have nothing more to fear. Give me that handkerchief off your neck. McDERMOTT: She gave it to me without a word. I tied the handkerchief round her throat in a single tie. (CHOKING) Giving Grace one end to hold, while I drew the other tight enough to finish my terrible work. Her eyes literally started from her head. She gave one groan, and all was over. I then cut the body in four pieces and turned a large washtub over them. SIMON: I feel I have not learned anything. Other than that I have not yet learned anything. Yes. She does challenge a man's mental capacities. And what part of her story is she telling you now? We are approaching the center. The center? We are retracing, day by day, hour by hour, the events which immediately preceded the murders. Anything she says now could be a clue. Any gesture, any twitch. She knows. She might not know she knows, but buried deep within her, the knowledge is there. Then you can't afford to lose hold of the thread that you've been following. Find a new living situation. I beg your pardon, Reverend? If it becomes known that you are living alone with your landlady, your reputation... The Tories are merciless in the persecution of their enemies. And we're all for hanging her. I've been somewhat preoccupied. Doctor? Something she... Something I am on the verge of remembering, and I... There is something she said about a whisper. And a man in the night... I'm trying to remember. Get some sleep, Dr. Jordan. Hmm. What is it? (WHISPERS) Dr. Jordan, I am so sorry to disturb you, but I heard a noise. I didn't hear any... This must stop. Nothing is going on, so nothing can stop. Grace, would you be so kind as to serve more tea when the presentation is over? I suppose they want to have their tea served to them by a celebrated murderess. You ought to have been strung up and cut into slabs by the doctors like butchers dressing a carcass. What was left of you, they'd do in a bundle, just like a suet pudding, and left to molder in a dishonored grave. Dora, please don't talk to our Grace that way. I suppose she is afraid of me. When people are afraid, they often behave with cruelty. You don't seem afraid of me, Clarrie. Afraid of you? For rising up against your master? Ms. Grace, where do you think I come from? The young doctor is teaching them all what he knows out there. I know more about him than you would think. What do you mean? He likes his things to be clean and tidy and he is willing to pay for it. So, I did some work at his landlady's house yesterday. Her husband ran off on her. And he seems to be taking fine care of her. What sort of woman is she? She has a wild rolling to the eye and a twitchy manner. Those two things together always mean warm work behind closed doors. Dr. Jordan better watch himself, because if I ever saw a determination to get a man's trousers off him, it's there in her eyes. That is quite coarse. Well, I think it is coarse and unnatural that they take their breakfast together now. They do? (SIMON TALKING IN DISTANCE) How to measure the effects of shock? How to diagnose amnesia with no discernible physical manifestations, or certain inexplicable and radical parts of the personality? There are those who have dedicated themselves to the study of hysterics and the investigation of dreams as a key to diagnosis, and their relation to amnesia. Which, I, myself, hope in time to make a modest contribution. I must confess, the last few weeks have shaken my confidence in the ability of even the most experienced doctor to make the connection between dreams and diagnosis. VERRINGER: Thank you so much, Dr. Jordan. Pleasure. Illuminating, but somewhat contentious. I'm not certain there is room for the soul in your theory. And that could be dangerous. They'll be wanting more tea soon. It will be a moment. Oh, Dr. Jordan, I would like to introduce you to Dr. Jerome DuPont. It is a pleasure, Doctor. Pleasure. And might I say, your lecture was, um, very interesting. (MAN LAUGHING) There's a voice out there that sounds familiar. It's the man that Dr. Jordan's talking to. Has he been to the house before? I've never seen him before. A strange one. And how is your fair patient, if I may call her that? Are you making any progress? Nothing definitive. There are several possible lines of inquiry I hope to follow up. Well, I would be honored if you would permit me to use my own method. As a sort of experiment. A demonstration, if you like. I am at a crucial point. It might upset her and undo weeks of careful preparation. At your convenience, of course. I expect to stay here for another month at least and I would be very happy to be of help. We all feel, all of us on the committee, that it would be to our advantage to do whatever we can to move things along. I myself am a spiritualist. We often have evening seances. They may be useful. No. I need a little more time. Too much meddling and it will ruin everything. But could Dr. DuPont just attempt one session of neuro-hypnosis with Ms. Marks? On behalf of the committee. Surely you would have no... Please. Give me more time. Grace. Grace. Grace. Some water, please. MAN: Can we have some water? Grace. Hey. It's Dr. Jordan. Are you all right, Grace? Hello, Grace. (MUTTERING WEAKLY) GRACE: I could have laughed with glee. For Jeremiah had done a conjuring trick, as surely as if he'd pulled a coin from my ear, or made believe to swallow a fork. I'm so sorry. I've dropped all the cakes. No, no, no. Try to be still, Grace. GRACE: And just as he used to do such tricks in full view, with everyone looking on but unable to detect him, he had done the same here. Miss Marks. GRACE: And they were none the wiser. How do you do? She is often startled by strangers, aren't you, Grace? Dr. DuPont is a friend. He won't hurt you. Jerome DuPont. Medical practitioner. I must look into her eyes. It's often the best indication as to whether or not the procedure will be efficacious. Good. Good. Very good. Grace, have you ever been hypnotized before? SIMON: Please. Let her recover from her fainting spell. I should certainly hope not, sir. I do not even know rightly what being hypnotized is. I can assure you, it is an entirely scientific procedure. Would you be willing to try it? If it were to help your friends, the committee. If it were decided by them that you should. I'll do everything in my power, sir, if that's what is wanted. Good, very good. But if this is going to work, you must repose your trust in me. Do you think you can do that, Grace? I will try, sir. I think she's had enough excitement for one day. Care must be taken for Grace's nerves. They are delicate and must not be damaged, please. Of course, of course. We should do this another day. Thank you. GRACE: The next day I was to tell you about the day Nancy Montgomery and Thomas Kinnear were murdered. I sat up and I thought to myself, "What should I tell Dr. Jordan about this day?" We are almost there. I went to the pump, and on turning around, I saw McDermott dragging Nancy... GRACE: I remember what the lawyer, Mr. Mackenzie, said I should say, and what I said at the trial. He presently came to me and said, he had thrown her down the cellar, and he wanted a handkerchief. GRACE: And what I did not say even to him, and what I said afterwards, which was different as well. And what the others said. Did she say... Don't think I don't know what you've been up to. I will pay you your wages on Saturday and then you can be gone out of here and that will be the end of it and good riddance. (SNIFFLING) GRACE: Was I crying? Did he say... Grace, why are you crying? I wish she was dead. GRACE: Surely, I did not say that. Or not out loud. (SOBBING) Did I push him away? Did he say... I will soon make you think better of me. I will tell you a secret if you promise to keep it. And if you do not, your life will not be worth a straw. GRACE: It might have happened. Did he say... I know you're hiding from me. Come out at once or I'll have to find you and catch you, and once I've got hold of you, who knows what I will do. You never obey me, you never listen to me, you never do as I say, you dirty girl. (GASPS) GRACE: Did he say... Now you will have to be punished. GRACE: It might have happened. MARY: You must unlock the door, you must open the window, you must let me in. Let. Me. In. Let me in. Open the window. Let me in. (BELL TOLLING) GRACE: Today, I must go on with the story. Or the story must go on with me. Carrying me inside it, along the track it must travel, straight to the end. Weeping like a train, and deaf and single-eyed and locked tight shut. Although, I hurl myself against the walls of it and scream and cry, and beg God himself to let me out. GRACE: I said to McDermott I didn't think you were gonna do it... SIMON: I turned to Grace. The expression of her livid face was even more dreadful than that of the unfortunate woman. She uttered no cry, but she put her hand to her head, and said... (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING) Good morning, Grace. Good morning, Dr. Jordan. Should we pick up where we left off? Today is the day I must talk about... I must tell you about what I did or didn't do. It is not a question of your guilt or innocence that concerns me. I am a doctor, not a judge. I simply wish to know what you yourself can actually remember. Nobody has cared about that before, sir. They told me I must be lying. They kept wanting to know more. Except for the lawyer, Kenneth Mackenzie. But I am sure that even he did not believe me. I will believe you. Mr. Kinnear left for the city on Thursday, did he not? Yes, sir. At 3:00 on horseback? GRACE: In his one horse wagon. But yes, that was the exact time, sir. He was to be back on the Friday. Here's your favorite beau, Grace. Come kiss him goodbye. Meaning James McDermott? But McDermott wasn't going anywhere. He meant the horse, sir. He knew I was very fond of Charlie. Grace, stop dawdling! You're not paid to socialize. Did Mr. Kinnear make improper advances to you, Grace? I don't know what you mean by improper, sir. He never used foul language to me. (STAMMERING) Did he touch you? Did he take liberties? Only what was usual, sir. Usual? With a servant, sir. He was a kind enough master, and liberal when he wished to be. Did he ever put his hands under your clothing? Were you lying down? I've heard enough of that kind of talk. You're just like them at the asylum with their filthy ideas! I don't have to stay here. I am so sorry. I am terribly sorry. You were right, I shouldn't have asked you that. Please... Please accept my humblest apology. SIMON: Please sit down. Please. Let us go back to the chain of events. Mr. Kinnear left at 3:00 on Thursday. Then what happened? (METAL SCREECHING) You are both to leave tomorrow. I will pay you your wages until now. Mr. Kinnear... He is not in agreement with this. He has said nothing to me. He is in agreement. Now, I've had enough of your face. Make yourself scarce until you leave. I'll be glad when you're gone. I can hardly wait. GRACE: I don't believe Mr. Kinnear knew a thing about it. As I've said, sir, she was in the family way, and it often happens like that with a man. They'll change from a woman in that condition to one who is not. It's the same with cows and horses. And if that happened, she'd be out on the road, her and her bastard. It was plain she wanted me out of the way and gone before Mr. Kinnear came home. What did you do then? I imagine she won't pay us our wages and send us off with no reference. I have a secret. You must promise not to tell anyone. I promise. I am going to kill Nancy with the ax, and I'm gonna shoot Mr. Kinnear when he comes back and take the valuables. You'll help me if you know what's good for you. Otherwise, you'll be blamed for it all. If I hadn't been so upset, I would have laughed at him. But I did not. And to tell you the truth, we'd both had a glass or two of Mr. Kinnear's whiskey. Did you believe McDermott would do as he said? Not altogether, sir. On the one hand, I thought he was just bragging, which was a thing he was prone to when drunk. My own father was the same way. But on the other hand, he seemed in earnest and I was afraid of him. And I had a strong feeling as if it was fated, and it couldn't be avoided, no matter what I did. Did you not warn anyone? Nancy herself? And why would she have believed me, sir? It would have sounded too stupid if I had said it out loud. There was only my word for it, which he could easily deny, and say that I was nothing but a silly, hysterical girl. At the same time, if he meant it, he might have killed us both right there and then, and I did not want to be killed. The best I could do was to try to delay him until Mr. Kinnear came back. At first he said he was going to do it that very night, and I persuaded him not to. How did you manage that? I said that if Nancy was killed on a Thursday, that would mean a whole day of having to account for her whereabouts to anyone who might inquire. Whereas, if we left it till later, there would be less suspicion aroused. I see. Very sensible. Please don't make fun of me, sir. It's very distressing to me, and doubly so considering what I am being asked to remember. I'm sorry, I didn't mean it that way. And then what happened? Nancy came back into the kitchen as if nothing had happened. It was always her way when she was in a temper, to pretend as if nothing had happened and we were all the best of friends. Well, look at you two, enjoying the whiskey without me. Let's put out supper as well. NANCY: Grace, will you sleep with me tonight? I'm afraid of burglars. Let me get my nightdress. I am going to kill Nancy tonight, while she is asleep. (WHISPERING) Do not do that. You might hit me by mistake. I don't want her looking at me when I do it. His bed is bigger and cooler in the warm weather. And you have a habit of kicking in your sleep. He won't find it out. And even if he did discover it, he would like the idea of two maid-servants in his bed at once. Nancy, McDermott wants to kill you. I should imagine he does. I wouldn't mind killing him either. He is in earnest. He's never in earnest. He's always bragging and boasting. It's all just air. (WHISPERS) Then there is nothing I can do to save you. (WHISPERING) The window. Fly out the window. GRACE: Mary was lost to me once more. And still, I had not let her soul out. You dreamt that before the event? Yes, sir. And many times since. That is why they put me away. Away? Into the asylum, sir. Because of the bad dreams. Only the dreams? Only, they said they were not dreams at all, sir. They said I was awake. (SCREAMING) (GRUNTING) I do not wish to say any more about it. All right, Grace. Just continue on. Perhaps we will come back to the dreams later. Where's Nancy? She is probably dressing now. Are you going to kill her this morning? Yes. Damn her. I'm gonna take the ax now and I'm gonna knock her on the head. Surely, you will not. Surely, you can't do such a wicked thing. You think I am a coward? You will see in a minute what I can do. For God's sake, don't kill her in the bedroom. You'll make the floor all bloody. What did you say? It was a foolish thing to say but that is what came into my mind, and as I said, sir, it was my job to clean floors in that house, and there was a carpet in Nancy's room. I'd never tried to get blood out of a carpet but I've had to get it out of other things, and it is not a task to be sneezed at. (THUDS) After that, I can remember no more for a time. Nothing about the cellar? Nothing about seeing McDermott dragging Nancy by the trapdoor, and throwing her down the stairs? It's in your confession. (CRASHING) (BREATHING WEAKLY) That is what they wanted me to say. The lawyer, Mr. Mackenzie, he said I had to say it to save my own life. He said it was not a lie. As that is what must have happened, whether I could remember it or not. SIMON: Did you give James McDermott the kerchief from around your neck? The one that was used to strangle poor Nancy? It was mine, I know that. But I have no recollection of giving it to him. Nor of being in the cellar? Nor of helping him to kill her? Nor of wanting to steal the gold earrings from around her corpse, which he says you wished to do? All that time is dark to me. In any case, there were no gold earrings taken. I won't say I didn't think of it later, when we were packing up. But having a thought is not the same as doing it. If we were all on trial for our thoughts, we would all be hanged. Well, then. What is the next thing you can remember? I know you will tell. And if you do, your life is not worth a straw. What have you done? You know very well. You are going to help me kill him. Good gracious, McDermott. It is too soon. You're gonna help me. Hello, Grace. Where's Nancy? She went to town in the stagecoach. That is strange. I passed it on the way and I did not see her. Would you like something to eat? I'd like to show you the new saddle I've been polishing for you, Mr. Kinnear. It's in the stables. (GUNSHOT) Open the trap door. I won't. You shall. McDERMOTT: Grace! (GASPS) GRACE: I must have fainted from fear. Because that is all I can remember until much later in the evening. Jamie Walsh testified that he came into the yard at about 8:00, which must have been after you fainted. He said that McDermott was still holding the gun in his hand, and claimed to have been shooting birds. I know it, sir. He said you were standing by the pump. He said that you told him that Mr. Kinnear was not back yet, and that Nancy had gone to see some friends. I cannot account for it, sir. SIMON: He said you were in good spirits. He said you were better dressed than usual, and were wearing white stockings. He implied they were Nancy's. PROSECUTOR: James Walsh, a witness who was acquainted with the deceased, claims that the last time he saw Thomas Kinnear alive was on the morning of Thursday, July 27th, at about 11:00, within two miles of his own house, on his way from town. GRACE: By then he had forgot all of his former loving sentiments towards me, and only wished to damage me, and have me hanged if possible. But there is nothing I can do about what other people say. Jamie's testimony was the end of me. The sentence is death by hanging. (ALL CLAMORING) I could show you the scar. Well, Grace. I can see you are tired. We will continue with your story tomorrow. Yes, sir. I hope I will have the strength. Sooner or later, we will get to the bottom of it. I hope so, sir. It would be a relief to me, sir, to know the whole truth at last. What were you expecting today that you didn't get? The missing memory, of course. Those few crucial hours. Has she refused to talk? Told me a great deal. But only what she's chosen to tell. What I want is what she refuses to tell, what she chooses to perhaps not even know. Do you mean knowledge of guilt? Or of innocence? Either could be concealed. She could be a true amnesiac. That is our strong feeling on the matter. Or she could be simply guilty. She could be insane with the devious plausibility of the experienced maniac. Perhaps, and I say this with delicacy, perhaps we should consider Jerome DuPont's neuro-hypnotic experiment. No. I distrust the method. Under your guidance, of course. I can see that you want her pardoned as much as we do. We need this report to be favorable to Grace Marks if we want her pardoned. SIMON: Dark. GRACE: We then commenced packing up all the valuable things we could find. We both went down into the cellar. Mr. Kinnear was lying on his back in the cellar. I held the candle. McDermott took the keys and some money from his pockets. Nothing was said about Nancy. Around 11:00, we started off for Toronto. We will go to the States and I will marry you. (MOANING) Oh, no. Oh, no, no, no. I have to go to Toronto for work. Please. Please don't. Please, I must. GRACE: You didn't come today, Dr. Jordan. So, I must go on with the story without you. I must prepare what I will tell you when you return. There is, of course, James McDermott's version. (COUGHING) GRACE: He said I was pleased to see him. He said we drank a shot of whiskey to steady us and clinked our glasses and drank to the success of our venture. I could not have acted so heartlessly with Mr. Kinnear lying dead in the cellar. Not to mention Nancy, who must have been dead, too. But McDermott was a great liar. What I remember is waking up to a beautiful night. I was in Nancy's clothes. And I looked up at the sky, which seemed so close I could touch it. I thought that the sky was only a thin surface, like paper, and it was being singed away. And behind it was a cold blackness. And it was not heaven or even hell that I was looking at, but only emptiness. This was more frightening than anything I could think of and I prayed silently to God to forgive my sins. But what if there were no God to forgive me? And then I reflected that, perhaps, it was the outer darkness, with the wailing and the gnashing of teeth. Where God was not. (MUFFLED SCREAMING) What do you mean, causing such an uproar? Do you want us to be discovered? Get off. Let me up at once. Weren't you the one that asked me to stop the wagon? Look, you're the one that invited me onto your shawl like the hot bitch that you are. I did no such thing. I was sound asleep! I will not be made a fool of, you demon slut. You led me on. You enticed me. (CRYING) And caused me to damn my soul into the bargain. Forcing me to kill those two. (SOBBING) Crocodile tears will not avail you this time. I've had a bellyful. (GRACE SCREAMING) (SQUEALING) You bit me, you whore! So, you are a good girl after all. I'll wait until I've married you, eh? It's more proper. I was just testing you. Here. We'll have breakfast before the ferry leaves. I'm starved with hunger. It's five in the morning. They won't be awake. We will rouse them and we will make them cook us breakfast. We should wait until people are about. Otherwise, we will be noticeable. Why must you always be arguing with me? I've got money in my pocket which is as good as the next man's. If I want a breakfast and I can pay for it, then I will have it. GRACE: It is remarkable, I have since thought, how once a man has a few coins, no matter how he came by them, he thinks right away he is entitled to them, and to whatever they can buy, and fancies himself cock of the walk. My egg is not cooked enough! Take it back to the kitchen and make me another. GRACE: Are those Mr. Kinnear's boots? Did you take them off the body? Yes. How could you do such a thing? (WHISPERING) What do you mean? You are wearing Nancy's dress yourself. It is not the same thing. I must have left my white kerchief behind. The one with the blue flowers? Yes. I don't know where I left it. I need it for the ferry to keep the sun off my neck. It is keeping the sun off Nancy's neck. You ought to remember, seeing as how you yourself pulled it tight and tied the knot. GRACE: I did not wish to contradict him, as it is dangerous to contradict mad people. I forgot. I am going to change my clothes. Because If people come asking for us, it might throw them off. I've done all of this for you. Because you asked me. Because you said that you would be mine. We must hang together or we will hang separately. GRACE: I thought I should tell someone. But there is something despicable about betrayal. I'd felt McDermott's heart beating next to mine, and however undesired, still, it was a human heart. I did not wish to have any part in stilling it forever, unless I should be forced to it. The Bible says "Vengeance is mine, sayeth the Lord." I did not feel it was my place to take such a serious thing as vengeance into my own hands. And so I stayed where I was until he came back. Pardon me, miss. What is your name? Mary Whitney. Stop it. We must not arouse suspicion. We are in a foreign country now. We are safe. That never stopped the slavers from seizing runaway slaves they said were theirs. GRACE: We arrived at Lewiston about 3 o'clock. We'll be married soon enough anyway. We will not. I'd sooner marry the devil himself than you. I'll have my promise off you anyway. I will scream. Which will be a different thing in a tavern full of people than in a house with only two corpses. For God's sake, shut your mouth, you slut. You stupid whore. You should think of some new words to use because I am heartily tired of those. (BANGING ON DOOR) MAN: Open up! (SCREAMS) GRACE: I told myself they would let me be free if I told the whole story. Or as much of it as I could remember. (THEME SONG PLAYING) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 