Alias Grace: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Grace 
 s1e3 - Part 3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Grace (2017): Season 1, Episode 3 - Part 3 - full transcript 
 Mary Whitney, pregnant by the elder Parkinson son, dies after a botched abortion. Grace accepts a new position at the Kinnear household in Richmond Hill. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 He promised to marry me. But now he's gone back  on his promise and he would not even  speak with me. GRACE:  Don't go to this doctor. If you ever  tell anything about this I will deny  ever having seen you.  GRACE: Mary! MRS. PARKINSON:  We will not say how Mary died. That will be best for all. GRACE: I have no memory  of anything I said or did during the time I was awake  between the two long sleeps. And this worried me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 My husband took all  our money two days ago. I do not know  where he has gone. Mrs. Humphrey,  can you hear me? VERRINGER:  We are hoping  you will write a report favorable of Grace Marks. That is why we have  brought you here. Yes, I appreciate that. (THEME MUSIC PLAYING) SIMON: I want to speak to you  about an account I read  of Grace at the asylum. (SCREAMING) SIMON: It paints her  as a gibbering madwoman... (SHRIEKING) SIMON:  Shrieking like a phantom... (SCREAMING) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And running around  like a singed monkey. Have you developed  your own theories  regarding her sanity? I have been proceeding  with the utmost caution. Have you asked her  what she remembers? She remembers  her life before arriving  at Mr. Kinnear's with a vividness and a mass  of circumstantial detail that indicates the problem  is not with her memory  in general. Are you acquainted  with a family called  Parkinson in Toronto? VERRINGER:  He died some years ago and the widow returned  to her native land. She was an American  like yourself. She found the winters  too cold. SIMON: That is unfortunate. Grace's first situation  was with the Parkinson's. She had a friend,  a fellow servant,  called Mary Whitney. You may recall  this was the false name  she gave when escaping. In any case,  this young woman died under abrupt circumstances. When Grace was sitting  next to the body, she said she heard  her dead friend speak to her. MARY: Let me in.  SIMON: An auditory  hallucination, of course. VERRINGER:  It is not at all uncommon. I myself have attended  a great many deathbeds and especially among  the sentimental, it is counted a mark  of dishonor not to have heard  the deceased speak. If an angel choir  is also audible, so much the better. This hallucination  was followed by an episode  of fainting and hysterics, mixed with what would appear  to have been somnambulism. After which, there was  a prolonged sleep  and subsequent amnesia. So, she has a history  of such lapses? We must not jump  to conclusions. She herself is, at present,  my only informant. It would be most useful to approach the time  of the murders with her now, given that she is speaking  about her amnesia. I must reiterate.  My methods take time. It is most crucial  not to rush her. MRS. HUMPHREY: I suppose  it's still the shock. So kind of you  to make dinner again. You're so much more caring  than my husband ever was. GRACE:  ♪ Rock of ages, cleft for me ♪ Let me hide myself in thee ♪ Let the water and the blood ♪ From thy riven side  which flowed ♪ Be of sin the double cure ♪ Cleanse me from  its guilt and power ♪ (HUMMING) (HUMMING STOPS) I did not know  you could sing  so well, Grace. You have a beautiful voice. GRACE: Thank you, sir. I used to have  more occasion for it  than I do now. Grace, I noticed  that the guards  were quite rough with you. Does this happen often? Yes, sir. They prod and poke at me. They say filthy things  and make it so I can't  get free of them. That is unjust. I will speak to the Governor  of the prison about it. I wonder what has been  causing your loss of sleep. What makes you  say that, Grace? You have dark circles  under your eyes and it looks as though  haven't slept a wink. Oh, I slept well.  Thank you for your concern. Oh. A parsnip. Not one I would have selected. It has an orange tint  which means it is old. Does it remind you  of anything? There's, "Fine words  butter no parsnips." It's also very hard to peel. I believe  they're kept in cellars. Oh, no, sir. Outside in a hole  in the ground. They are much improved  by being frozen. Shall we continue  where we left off? I've forgotten  just where that was, sir. The death of Mary. Your poor friend Mary Whitney. Ah. yes. Mary. She was buried  in my best nightdress and she didn't look dead  in the least, but only very pale. And all laid out  in white like that she looked just like a bride. CHURCH MINISTER:  In sure and certain hope of the resurrection  to eternal life  through our Lord Jesus Christ, we commend to Almighty God  our sister Mary, and we commit her body  to the ground. Earth to earth,  ashes to ashes, dust to dust. The Lord lift up  his countenance upon her  and give her peace. Amen. GRACE: She was put  with the Methodists  on Adelaide Street, off in a corner right next  to the paupers, but still within  the churchyard, so I felt I had done  all for her that I could. JEREMIAH:  I saw death in Mary's eyes, but then, hindsight  is always accurate. I will say  a prayer for her. It was very hard for me  to believe that Mary  was truly dead. Grace. Come.  Have a seat. Come, come. Grace. Do you know the man? Ma'am? The man. Mary. I do not. I'm going to ask you  to swear on the Bible that even if you do know,  you will never divulge it. And if you can  swear that on the Bible, I will make sure  that your wages  are increased immediately. And that if you should  choose to leave the house I will give you  a good reference  for future employment. I never had fault to find  with your work, Grace. GRACE: Mr. George Parkinson  did not seem in any hurry to get back  to the United States  and his education. Excuse me, Mother. Grace.  (YELPS) (DISHES SHATTERING) So sorry about  your friend Mary. I know you were  very dear to her. (FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING) George. Grace. Please be more careful. (DOOR LATCH CLATTERING)  GEORGE: Grace. Open the door. Grace. It's George. Let me in. Grace, let me in! Open the door. I knew that, lock or no lock,  sooner or later he'd find  a way of getting in. Once you are found  with a man in your room  you are the guilty one, no matter how they get in. As Mary used to say,  there are some of the masters  who think you owe them service 24 hours a day,  and should do the main work  flat on your back. As I've said, sir,  she had a very forward way  of speaking. (INDISTINCT CHATTER) Oh, Nancy, this is Grace. Nancy's an old friend.  She is visiting  from Richmond Hill. Lovely to meet you, Grace. I must be going.  I need to get to  the dry goods auction before Clarkson's  store closes. Will you look at the pretty  muslin I got last time? Now what would a housekeeper  be wanting with a dress  like that, Nancy? You always had  such fine tastes. Do you have a long road  ahead of you to Richmond Hill? Oh, no, I did not take  the coach into town.  My master drove me in. Do you know where  Richmond Hill is? Up Yonge Street  past Hogg's Hollow. I'm in want  of another servant  to help me with the work. Mr. Kinnear, my master,  is a gentleman  of a fine Scottish family. He's not married,  so there is no mistress of the household  to carp and criticize. Would you be interested  in the position? I am lonely for female company and I don't like being  a single woman alone with a gentleman,  as people will talk. Oh, I'm not sure... Mr. Kinnear  is a liberal master and he shows it  when he's pleased. You'll be making  a good bargain and taking  a step up in the world. What are your wages  at present? Two dollars a month. I will pay you  three dollars a month. Well, that is  more than fair. Wonderful. Here is some money  for you to take the coach  to Richmond Hill tomorrow. I myself will meet you  by the inn where you  will be let off. COOK: Grace... I'm sorry to steal  your best help, Sally. You just said such glowing  things about my new girl. Yet little did I know  you would be taking  her from us... (GIGGLES) I'm not sure  it is a suitable position  for a young girl like you. Why not? Nancy has always  been kind to me  and I don't like to talk. A person has to take  her own chances and the least said,  the soonest mended. I don't know anything  for certain so it would not  be right for me to say more, but I feel I've done  my duty to you in saying  as much as I have because you have  no mother to advise you. GRACE: And I didn't have  the least idea of what  she was talking about. Have you heard any harm  spoken of Mr. Kinnear? Nothing the world  at large would call harm. GRACE: It was like  a puzzle I could not guess and it would have been  better for all if she had  spoken more plainly. But the pay was higher  than anything I'd had before,  which weighed heavily on me along with my need  to get away from  Mr. George Parkinson. And what weighed  even more heavily on me was Nancy Montgomery herself. She resembled Mary Whitney,  or so I then thought. And I'd been  depressed in spirits  ever since Mary's death. And so I decided to go. The journey up Yonge Street  to Richmond Hill was more uncomfortable  than I expected. Never look behind you.  Why not? Because the past is the past  and regret is vain. Let bygones be bygones. You know what became  of Lot's wife... Turned to a pillar  of salt, she was. Waste of a good woman.  (CHUCKLES) Not that they aren't  all the better  for a pinch of salt. See that there?  Montgomery's Tavern. That's where Mackenzie  and his band of ragtags held their seditious meetings and set out to march  down Yonge Street  during the rebellion. William Lyon Mackenzie? One of them was  shot in front of it trying to warn  the Government troops, they burnt it down afterwards. Some of the traitors  were hung, but not enough. That cowardly rascal  Mackenzie should be  dragged back from the States. He ran off leaving  his friends to swing  at the rope's end for him. GRACE: I could tell by  the smell of his breath that it was just as well  not to provoke him. And so I said nothing. William Lyon Mackenzie  was a hero to Mary. It was hard to say nothing. Where are you staying? What you don't know  won't hurt you. Why don't you come in  to the inn with me for a glass or two of whiskey,  just for old times' sake? Would your name  be Grace Marks?  Yes. Is this man  a friend of yours? No, he is not. The lady does  not desire your company. She is no lady.  She is a whore. (BODY THUDS) I am Thomas Kinnear,  your new employer. I've come to fetch you. Well, you've not been  in town five minutes and you have managed  to attract gentleman admirers. GRACE: They are not. Not gentlemen,  or not admirers? This is Charley. Up you go, Grace. Do you mean me  to sit in the front? Well, we can hardly  have you in the back  like a piece of luggage. GRACE: I was not used  to sitting beside  a gentleman like him, but he didn't seem  to give a second thought. And there we were,  driving up Yonge St., just as if I was a fine lady. What did Mr. Kinnear  look like? He had a gentlemanly  bearing, sir. Is that all? You did not observe  him very particularly. I did not wish  to gape at him, sir, and I would have needed  to turn my whole head,  because of my bonnet. I suppose you've never  worn a bonnet,  have you, sir? No, I have not. I expect it is confining. It is that, sir. Hello, Jamie. This is Grace Marks,  come all the way  from Toronto. I found her at the inn. Jamie lives nearby  and helps us around the farm  from time to time. JAMIE: Is it big, Toronto? Is it very grand?  I have never been there. Grand enough. I could not find it in me  to answer him properly  about Toronto, because right then  I was bitterly sorry  I had ever left it. (LAUGHING) GRACE: I heard her laughing. She had not given me  one word of greeting. McDermott, take Grace's  things to her room. GRACE: Something squeezed  tight about my heart. When I close my eyes I can remember  every detail of that house  as clear as a picture. I could walk through  every room of it blindfolded. It's strange to reflect that of all the people  living in that house, I was the only  one of them left alive  in six months' time. Though at that moment  I had no particular  feeling about it and only wanted  a drink of water. Eventually, Nancy  gave me a proper  tour of the house. There's no separate  laundry room, but the things for washing,  the coppers, the washtub,  and the scrubbing board, are present  in the summer kitchen. We don't keep a pig.  They're too clever  for their own good. Mr. Kinnear's old dog  Fancy died. I'd feel easier with a dog  about the place  to bark at strangers. There's a trap door  under here to the cellar. GRACE:  I thought it was an odd place as the kitchen  would have been  more convenient, but the kitchen  didn't have  a cellar under it. Go on, Grace. Of course. The cellar stairs  were too steep for comfort, and the cellar itself  was divided into two parts  by a half-wall, the dairy on the one side,  where they kept the butter  and the cheeses, and, on the other side,  the place where they stored the wine  and the beer in barrels and apples and the cabbages  and the beets and potatoes... Yes, Grace but... Yes, sir? I understand  what is stored in a cellar. Of course. There is a window down there  but you should always  take a candle or a lantern. It's very dark below  and you could trip and fall down the stairs  and break your neck. (CELLAR DOOR SLAMS) GRACE: We did not go down  into the cellar at that time. Nancy, who was now all smiles,  showed me to my room. She had on a very handsome  pair of earrings, which I could tell  were real gold, and I wondered  how she could afford them on the salary  of a housekeeper. I could see there was  no love lost between  McDermott and Nancy. He is more surly than ever. Well, he can suit himself  and welcome. It's a smile  or the open road for him... Or more likely  the bottom of a ditch. I am very glad  to see you, Grace. You must be very tired  after your journey,  it's very fatiguing. Why don't you rest  and start work in the morning? GRACE:  I liked being early to rise. That way, I could pretend  for a little while  that the house was all my own. Mind your manners  or I'll wring your neck. Would that be me  you're addressing? No, it would not. I could tell  what he had in mind,  and it was not original. (PIANO MUSIC PLAYING) GRACE: I did think it unusual  for a housekeeper  to be learning the piano. But of course  I said nothing. And then everything went on  very quietly for a fortnight? Yes, sir, it did.  More or less quietly. What is everything? How did it go on? I beg your pardon, sir? What did you do every day? Oh, the usual, sir.  I performed my duties. You will forgive me. Of what did  those duties consist? GRACE:  You were not making a joke. You really don't know. Men such as yourself  do not have to clean up  the messes you make, but we have to clean up  our own messes  and yours into the bargain. In that way  you are like children. You do not  have to think ahead, or worry about  the consequences  of what you do. But it is not your fault. It is only how  you were brought up. (RHYTHMIC FOOTSTEPS) (PANTING) (TAPPING CONTINUES) And then? GRACE: Then I collected  the slop pails  and rinsed them out. With a pump,  you have to pour some in  before you can get any out. Mary Whitney used to say  that was exactly  how men viewed the flattering of a woman,  when they had  low ends in view. Mary Whitney was not proper  but she was honest. Mmm. So that's how  you rinse out a slop pail. Well, of course  I went to the privy first  to empty it. I went to the privy  and emptied the slop pail,  and so forth. And so forth? GRACE: Really, Doctor,  I thought... If you didn't know  what you do in a privy there really is  no hope for you. What I did was, I hoisted  my skirts and sat down  above the buzzing flies, on the same seat  everyone in the house sat on, lady or lady's maid,  they both piss  and it smells the same, and not like lilacs neither,  as Mary Whitney used to say. Some of the pictures were  of duchesses from England and high-society ladies  in New York and the like. You should never  let your picture  be in a magazine or newspaper  if you can help it, as you never know what ends  your face may be made  to serve by others once it has got out  of your control. But I did not say any  of this to you, Dr. Jordan. And so forth. And so forth is all you are  entitled to, I thought. Just because you pestered me  to know everything was no reason  for me to tell you. Good morning.  GRACE: Good morning. Is the tea made?  GRACE: Yes. Oh, I feel I am scarcely alive  in the morning until  I've had my cup of tea. Mr. Kinnear will take  his tea upstairs. He will want a second cup  when he comes down. I will take it up. At Mrs. Parkinson's,  the housekeeper  would never carry the... It was beneath her position  and a job for the maids. Of course. I only took it up  when short of help. I've got into  the habit of it lately.  Go ahead. Your tea, sir. KINNEAR: (GROANS)  Yes. Bring it in. (GROANS) Thank you, Grace. There's beautiful eggs  this morning, sir. Would you want one  for your breakfast? Yes. Thank you, Grace.  I'm sure it will do me good. I will have one also. He will have his fried,  with bacon,  and mine should be boiled. We will have  breakfast together  in the dining room. He requires me  to keep him company. He does not  like to eat alone. Is Mr. Kinnear ill at all? No. He just likes  to be fussed over. I wonder why  he never married,  a fine man like him. Some gentlemen  do not have an inclination  for the married state. They are very pleased  with themselves  the way they are and think they can get along  well enough without it. I suppose they can at that. Certainly they can,  if rich enough. If they want a thing,  all they have to do  is pay for it. It's all one to them. (INAUDIBLE) His nightshirt  needs to be aired out. Yes, I was just about to. And his dressing things  are not to be laid out  like this. This is how he likes them. And you'll need to polish  the silver backs every week. At Mrs. Parkinson's  we did it  every three days. I don't care,  as you are not  at Mrs. Parkinson's. His folded shirts  are ready for wear  and go on this shelf. GRACE:  What is this picture of? NANCY:  It's Susanna and the Elders,  which is a Bible subject. GRACE: I know my Bible  backwards and forwards and this is not one  of the stories in it. Yes, it is. It is not. You're not here  to argue about paintings,  but to clean the room. Are you two discussing  theology, and so early  in the morning, too? It is nothing for you  to be bothered by. I should like to know  what you were discussing. It does not matter. Well, Grace,  I can see that Nancy wishes  to keep it a secret from me, but you must tell me. I... I was wondering if  this picture is of a Biblical  subject, as Nancy says. Oh, no.  Strictly speaking  it is not. The story is in the Apocrypha. What might that be? You're very curious  for such a young person. Soon I will have the most  learned maidservant  in all Richmond Hill. I'll have to put on a display  like the mathematical pig  in Toronto. The Apocrypha is a book  where they put all the stories  from Biblical times they decided should  not go in the Bible. Who decided? I thought the Bible  was written by God. It is called the Word of God  and everyone terms it so. Perhaps God wrote it,  but it was men  who wrote it down, which is a little different. But those men were said  to have been inspired by God, which means  he spoke to them,  told them what to do. Did they hear voices? Aye. GRACE: I was glad to hear  that someone else  had heard voices too though I didn't say that. In any case  the voice I had heard,  that one time, had not been God's  but Mary Whitney's. Do you know  the story of Susanna? No. She was a young lady  who was falsely accused of sinning with a young man  by a group of old men, because she refused to commit  the very same sin with them. She would have been  stoned to death but luckily  she had a very clever lawyer, and he was able to prove  that the old men were lying by inducing them to give  contradictory evidence. What do you think  the moral of it is? That you should not take baths  outside in the garden. (LAUGHS) I think the moral is  you need a clever lawyer. This girl is  no simpleton after all. Oh, I found a shirt  clean and put away with a button missing. It is very aggravating  to put on a clean shirt only to discover  you cannot do it up properly  because of a lack of buttons. Please mind  that does not happen again. You did not clean my shoes  properly this morning. Watch yourself. (GRUNTING) Grace. You look tired. You should sit down with me  and have a cup of tea. I cannot risk waiting  on the laundry. At this time of year  there could be a quick change  in the weather. All right. When you have it all hung up  let's have a cup of tea, then. GRACE: There is a great deal  of pleasure to be had in a wash all clean  and blowing in the wind. The sound of it is like  the hands of the heavenly  hosts applauding, though heard from far away. And they do say  that cleanliness  is next to Godliness. And sometimes,  when I have seen  the pure white clouds billowing in the sky  after a rain, I used to think that it was  as if the angels themselves were hanging out their washing for I reasoned  that someone must do it as everything in Heaven  must be very clean and fresh. But these were  childish fancies, as children like  to tell themselves stories about things  that are not visible. And I was scarcely  more than a child at the time, though I thought of myself  as a grown woman. Excuse me.  Excuse me, Grace. Yes, hello, Jamie. I was wondering  if there were  any errands to be run. I'll have to ask Nancy. If I am sent into the village  and there is any little thing  that you should want, I would be glad  to fetch it for you. Thank you, Jamie. Jamie. Come inside  and I'll tell you  what we need. And you must come back later  and bring your flute. He plays so beautifully.  It's a pleasure to hear. Do you enjoy dancing? Why do you ask? I saw you dancing  in the barn the other day.  You're a good dancer. Maybe I am  and maybe I'm not. Tell me about your life  before you came to work here. Who would care  to hear about that?  GRACE: I would. All such stories  are of interest to me. Me, myself, I've always  been a scapegrace. Never one to lick  the boots of the rich. And do you have  a mother living? Whether I do or don't  is all the same to me. She had a bad opinion of me  and told me I was going  straight to the Devil. She could be dead  for all I know  or care about it. I deserted the army  and stowed away on a ship  bound for America. When I got to this country  I enlisted as a soldier in  the Glengarry Light Infantry. Didn't they have  a bad reputation? My friend told me. Didn't they burn down  farmhouses during  the Rebellion? Turn women and children  out into the snow? Yeah, and they've done  far worse besides. There's some things  they don't print  in the papers. But then the Rebellion ended  and the regiment was disbanded and I heard about  this position. I thought I'd be working  for the gentleman himself,  but not so. A woman is set  over me instead. One who never gives me  a moment's rest  from her tongue. So do you have a sweetheart? Pretty girl like you  might be expected to have one. I do not. I do not have  any inclinations that way. Well, that is a pity,  but there's a first time  for everything. You'd only need  breaking in like a colt and then you'll go as good  as the rest of them. I'm the man for the job. I'll thank you to keep such  offensive remarks to yourself. I am not a mare. I didn't mean it. It's all in fun. I just wanted to see  what sort of a girl  you might be. What sort of a girl I might be  is no business of yours. Remain where you are. I would rather have  good butter than a curtsy. Always busy I see, Grace. Yes, sir. The Devil finds  work for idle hands to do. I trust you do not mean me. My hands are idle enough,  but not nearly devilish  enough for my liking. Oh, no, sir,  I did not mean you. (CHUCKLES)  It is very becoming  for a young woman to blush. NANCY: How's the butter  coming along, Grace? Where is Mr. Kinnear going? NANCY:  To Colonel Bridgeford's. His wife is away,  so he can visit safely. When she's home  he is not well received.  Why ever not? He's is considered  a bad influence  by Mrs. Bridgeford. GRACE: Why?  What has he done? Well, as far as I know  he was packed off  to the colonies to get him out of the way. Why? The usual reasons, I suspect. Debt or women. Oh, there.  The butter is coming. I don't like it down here. It always smells  of earth and mice  and old vegetables. I suppose most cellars do. Perhaps it could be given  a good airing out someday. What on Earth  is he doing? He just does  that sometimes. He says it is for exercise but really he just wants  to be admired. You should not  pay any attention. GRACE: So there I was  pretending not to watch, and there he was,  pretending not to be watched  as women and men often do, and he was the sort of man  who you knew you shouldn't look at, at all,  but you looked anyway. Jamie. You brought your flute. Grace fetch Jamie  a mug of beer. I'll have one, too. I didn't know you had  monkey blood in you. You was leaping  about like one. Yeah, well,  when the cat's away  the mice do play. Nancy always  likes her little parties. I'm sure the Welsh boy  will be screeching  on his tin whistle soon. That is quite right.  And I will give myself  the pleasure of hearing it. To my mind  that's no pleasure. Well, you can  suit yourself then. I didn't mean  to offend you before. I've been so long around  rough men whose manners  are not the best. I'm inclined  to forget myself. I don't know how to speak. I'm just hoping  you can forgive me  and we can be friends. Is forgiveness  not ordained in the Bible? (JAMIE PLAYING FLUTE) And there we were,  in a kind of harmony. The evening  was so beautiful  it made a pain in my heart, as when you cannot tell  whether you are happy or sad. And I thought that  if I could have a wish it would be that  nothing would ever change and we could stay  that way forever. But the sun cannot  be stopped in its path, except by God, and he has done  that only once and will not do it again until the end of the world. I thought,  if I could have two fireflies  on my ears for earrings... I should be going home.  My father  will be looking for me. GRACE: I would not care at all  about Nancy's gold ones. Grace, make sure you lock  all the doors and windows. And will you sleep  with me tonight? I'm afraid when  Kinnear is not home. (THEME SONG PLAYING) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 