The Curse of Civil War Gold: Season 2, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Curse of Civil War Gold 
 s2e10 - It Ain't Over 'Til It's Overboard - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Curse of Civil War Gold (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 10 - It Ain't Over 'Til It's Overboard - full transcript 
 Marty Lagina joins Kevin and his team as they battle the elements and take one final shot at finding 140 million dollars of Confederate gold at the bottom of Lake Michigan. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 -KEVIN: We're ready to go. -Let's go find the gold. NARRATOR: A special season finale. We're not done. This adventure is just beginning. -Yep. -Get after it. -Get back down there. -(laughter) KEVIN: We're bringing in the best divers. You're right in the area where the gold bars are. This could be our very last chance of finding that gold. I told you there was gold down there, didn't I?! NARRATOR: In the Northern town of Frankfort, Michigan... -ALEX: Welcome back to Frankfort. -JOHN: Good to be back. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 NARRATOR: ...Marty Lagina and his son Alex have arrived at the local fire station for a critical meeting with treasure hunters Kevin Dykstra, his brother Al and Frederick J. Monroe. And joining them is world-renowned diver John Chatterton and his dive partner Howard Ehrenberg. They have gathered in order to determine whether or not Kevin and his team have made what could be a history-changing discovery at the bottom of Lake Michigan. Well, I told these guys you're gonna wow 'em. -Are we? -So, I'm gonna turn it over to you now -and see-see where the wow comes in. -Yep. Get us up to speed. What's going on? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, we're in an area where we've been searching for gold bars on the bottom of Lake Michigan. We wanted to get video of the bottom of the lake, so Al and I thought, you know, let's see if we can bring in a professional diver. Okay. NARRATOR: One week ago, while performing a dive operation with Kevin and members of the team, professional diver Mike Nelson found numerous rectangular objects that appeared to be gold bars strewn across the lake bottom. NARRATOR: The discovery could be proof of an incredible story told by a lighthouse keeper on his deathbed more than a century ago: that a boxcar containing some $140 million in gold bullion was deliberately pushed off the back of a ferry near the coast of Frankfort. According to his more than eight years of research, Kevin Dykstra believes the gold was once part of the Confederate treasury, which was stolen by members of the 4th Michigan Cavalry when they arrested Jefferson Davis as he attempted to flee the country at the end of the Civil War in 1865. While Kevin and the team are currently waiting for a permit from the Army Corps of Engineers to dig in the area, they have recently found possible sonar and now video evidence of what appears to be both the boxcar and the stolen gold. I have the footage here. -Do you want to see that? -Absolutely. KEVIN: All right, guys. This is the footage that we got on this recent dive with Mike helping us. HOWARD: That's interesting. ALEX: That sure looks like a bar -of something, doesn't it? -(Al chuckles) That definitely looks like a bar of something. HOWARD: Do we have approximate dimensions of these objects? KEVIN: Yes. Mike described them as being like this. He couldn't touch it, he couldn't pick it up, -but he could certainly get a basic idea of size. -Yes. KEVIN: So, John and Howard, in order for us to verify what this is-- is this real gold?-- I think the metal detector is the best way to do it. -Mm-hmm. -But-but we got to get past the lake conditions right now, and believe me, every day, they get worse and worse and worse. Mm-hmm. Well, according to the weather, there's gale-force winds and 14-foot waves out there right now. MARTY: Wow. JOHN: You know, obviously, (laughs): it's windy out. Um, it's not good. No. NARRATOR: The greatest obstacles that Kevin and his team now face in their effort to confirm their discoveries on the bottom of the lake are the increasingly harsh fall weather conditions. High winds and tall waves have already caused frustrating delays in dive operations and made searching both on and below the water extremely dangerous. Our window of opportunity on the lake is small. I mean, it's diminishing every day. You can have everything prepared. You can have your dive gear all lined up. You can have the best equipment in the world and the best people to run it in the world. It doesn't matter. The lake can trump you, so... you really don't want to tempt fate and go out there. Damned if it isn't so amazing that we're this close, (chuckles): and it's, like, something is preventing us -from getting to the bottom of this. -Yep. We've been fighting this for eight years. We've got a lot accomplished so far, but you know what? I think we're at a point where I think we need help. MARTY: Are you intrigued by this? Oh, I-I'm especially intrigued by this. What do you have for location information? We have the numbers that we parked on top of when we sent Mike to the bottom with the camera. I feel, if we go right back to the numbers, you're probably gonna be within 30 to 50 feet of it. -If you can get us within a hundred feet... -Yep. ...we could find that. If we find the objects, we can hand-fan, we can examine, we can try and get depth, -we can measure, but we can't touch? -Yes. To be able to dig on the bottom of Lake Michigan, we need two permits. I have one. The second permit comes from the Army Corps of Engineers, -and we're working on that right now. -Okay. The best thing that we came up with was to try to go back there and run a metal detector over it. That lake out there is-is brutal. Those waves kick up, and-and... Al and I just feel like we could use some help. Absolutely. -Yeah. -I think we can really help you guys out. HOWARD: You're in the chamber, is what you're saying? NARRATOR: In addition to his work with Howard Ehrenberg exploring numerous boreholes on Oak Island for Marty and Rick Lagina, John Chatterton has explored some of the deepest and most dangerous shipwrecks in the world, including the Britannic, the Lusitania, the Andrea Doria, and even the RMS Titanic. MARTY: Guys, you know, there's no other way to frame this. This is exciting. I mean, you have found gold objects on the bottom of Lake Michigan. This feels like we're in the final chapter here. We just need to prove it. We got the right guys here. -So let's go do it. -All right. ALEX: Sounds good. -NARRATOR: The following day... -KEVIN: Look at the bay here. -There's no white caps on the bay. -ALEX: Yeah, finally. NARRATOR: Kevin and his team, along with John Chatterton and Howard Ehrenberg, arrive at the Frankfort marina. Hey, Luke. Can we push off? -Yeah. Absolutely. -All right. KEVIN: Guys, we're underway. Everybody in the whole team is excited to get back out there. We got just a big enough break in the weather that John and Howard feel confident that they can dive. If anybody can find that gold at the bottom of the lake, it'd be John and Howard. What do you think the seas out there are? The report said it was four to sixes, dropping to two to fours. Later in the day, it'll be eight-footers. -So we got our work cut out for us? -Yeah. Yeah, if it's building again, -this might be our only window. -Yeah. KEVIN: Hang on, guys. It's gonna get rough. HOWARD: 130, John. -Gotcha. -We're closing. 125. -KEVIN: You're doing good, Luke. -LUKE: Thank you. Get us right over that mark, please. HOWARD: 20. KEVIN: Getting close. HOWARD: We're five feet from it. This is where it is right here. Go, go. -There we go. -Ball's in. HOWARD: We're clear. But we're good. We're on the gold. Nice work, guys. We're within five feet. NARRATOR: Equipped with heavy dry suits that will keep them comfortable in the near-freezing waters of Lake Michigan, John and Howard are also wearing full masks that will allow them to stay in constant communication with the team during the dive operation. They will also be using a metal detector capable of differentiating between ferrous metals such as iron and non-ferrous such as gold. -You're good, John. -Yep. -AL: Good to go? -HOWARD (muffled): Good to go! KEVIN: You guys be careful in there. These waves are getting bad. AL: Diver in. Second diver in. John, loud and clear. Excellent. Be safe. AL: This'll be it. treasure hunter Kevin Dykstra and his team, along with world-renowned divers John Chatterton and Howard Ehrenberg are beginning an underwater operation to explore an area on the bottom of Lake Michigan, -where just one week ago... -Holy crap. ...they obtained video footage of what appeared to be a number of gold bars laying on the lake bed. What is that? KEVIN: Looks like they're right on -the dive marker. -AL: Yeah, this is good, Luke. NARRATOR: Because the team has only a general idea where the possible gold bars were discovered, John and Howard will need to conduct what is known as a circular search of the area. This is done by anchoring a dive line to the lake bottom with a lead weight and then attaching another line on a handheld spool in order to create a circular search area. By gradually unspooling the line as they swim, John and Howard will be able to carefully and systematically expand their search, examining the lakebed for any clues and hopefully the possible bars of gold. Things are looking better. I mean, bright sunshine, that means a lot of light down there. -They've got a lot better visibility. -Mm-hmm. And they've already got the search pattern started, so... -This'll be it. -I hope this is it. Time check. 23 minutes down. There's no rocks where those bars are. -That's what I don't... -ALEX: Right. KEVIN: If they can get away from them rocks and get to a clear area where it's just sand, if they can get to that area, that's gonna be a plus. AL: Anything with a lot of rocks in it is just what you should be avoiding. NARRATOR: Since beginning dive operations off the coast of Frankfort several months ago, Kevin and his team have identified a number of mysterious objects more than a mile from shore that they believe could contain the remains of the legendary boxcar, including a square, manmade structure, as well as a large debris field to the north featuring numerous smaller rectangular objects. It was in this area last week that diver Mike Nelson discovered what appeared to be actual gold bars on the lake bottom. Yes. ALEX: How long have they been in there? FREDERICK: 37 and a half minutes. If they find those gold bars, and John says he has to surface because he doesn't have any air, that would be disappointing. Are you in an area where there's no rocks? KEVIN: You're right in the area we believe you should find it. Copy that. That's where that footage came was where there was less than three inches of sand over the clay. ALEX: Get ready for some rollers. KEVIN: Hang on. NARRATOR: As the weather conditions on the surface begin to worsen, the visibility under water is now beginning to diminish. If conditions continue to deteriorate, Kevin and the team may be forced to abort today's dive operation. Wow. These are some big ones. You know, if these waves don't die down, it's gonna be tough to get another dive in, but... Let's just hope they find it. ALEX: Time, Fred? 45 minutes down. KEVIN: You know, we're wondering at this point, with how hard it is to find these bars again, if maybe the GPS coordinates were just a little bit off or maybe just a little bit different. I mean, we're more than likely within a hundred feet of where Mike got that footage, but it's proving very elusive. Oh, my God, this is gold! -Yes, it's gold! It's gold! -KEVIN: Hold on. Tell us exactly what you're seeing, please. This is the spot. (groans) -AL: Don't do that to us. -They're killing us here. I need a defibrillator. That looks like a gold bar to me. NARRATOR: Although the team obtained video of what clearly appeared to be gold just one week ago... Holy cow. ...the increasingly harsh weather and underwater currents have altered the lake bottom, leaving the mysterious objects now most likely covered by sand and silt. Say, guys, how much bottom time do you have left? Be advised, it's getting pretty choppy up here. Waves are increasing. Copy that. FREDERICK: Diver up. I see him right there. Not for a minute would I have ever thought that I could find gold one day on the bottom of Lake Michigan and not be able to get right back to it. So did-did you guys see anything that looked like that clear sand where those gold bars are? Yes. W-We saw several sandy areas. We did a circle, you know, 200 foot in diameter, 100 foot out, but we saw a lot of clay. So no gold? -No gold. -No gold. Yeah. NARRATOR: Having searched an area encompassing more than 31,000 square feet, divers John Chatterton and Howard Ehrenberg have been forced to come up empty-handed. Could it be that the mysterious gold bars are now once again lost, covered by inches of sand and debris? JOHN: Our problem right now is we can't pinpoint the area with-within 100 feet. HOWARD: Yeah. KEVIN: Right. We could search all day long, but if we're searching slightly in the wrong area, the result will be the same. And these waves are building enough to where I think we need to head this thing back in. John and Howard covered a lot of area. They did a huge radius around what I felt was the most likely spot. To hear them say that they have not found these gold bars is frustrating. I know I have to call Marty and bring him up to speed on what's going on, and I know Marty's not gonna be excited for the information that I don't have. NARRATOR: After returning to shore, Kevin Dykstra and the team call Marty Lagina to inform him of their disappointing day out on the lake. (line ringing) Hey. Uh, so I got the whole crew here, pretty much, from, uh... from when you left the other day. Uh, we're sitting on the boat. MARTY: Fantastic! How's the water? How are the waves? What's going on? Bring me up to speed. Uh, well, uh, wh-what to say? Uh, we-we did a... a really thorough search pattern on the bottom looking for those gold bars, and, unfortunately, we were not successful in tracking them down. MARTY: Oh... ALEX: We weren't in the right place. ALEX: We were going on the basis of where Mike was swimming, but we don't know exactly where that was 'cause he doesn't have a GPS, obviously, that works underwater. ALEX: He knew the boat was above him, but we don't have a marker from the boat at that time. KEVIN: Let me... let me talk to him. Here, let me... let me hand you off to Kevin. Hey, Marty, it's Kevin. How are you? You know, you got six guys on the boat here that share-share that feeling with you. You know, i-if it's a screwup, I'll take the blame for it, Marty. We-we tried our very best. (stammering): Marty, this is John. The bottom line is-- the accuracy of Mike's dive to the actual GPS numbers were just off, and-and I don't think we're off a-a whole lot, but we couldn't nail it. I am disappointed, and there's no point in beating around the bush-- I'm upset. But people make mistakes. I make mistakes. This was a big one, I think. More documentation. Better logs, better tracks, documenting dives. All-all... all of the above. ALEX: Sorry we couldn't do it this time. All right, I'll see you soon. Yep. Bye. -Now, that was brutal. -Almost seemed pissed. Yeah, he was not happy. And, you know, rightfully so. KEVIN: We need to find that gold. According to the weather, we've got one day left. You know, if there was a way you could extend your stay just one more day, it-it would mean a-a ton to this project. This is it. The gale-force warnings are coming in. The boat's gonna have to go up in storage. This harbor's gonna freeze over here very shortly. It really becomes a race against time. You guys don't want to go home empty-handed, either. I-I can make one more day happen. Sounds good. Appreciate it. The search goes on. -We'll hit it early and make it happen. -Okay. KEVIN: See if we can't find that gold. -This is it for us. -We're comin -AL: Say when. -JOHN: Drop it. ...Kevin Dykstra, his younger brother Al -and Frederick J. Monroe... -AL: Got it? ...along with professional divers John Chatterton and Howard Ehrenberg, prepare for what may be their final opportunity this year to confirm that a stolen fortune in Confederate gold lies at the bottom of Lake Michigan. Hey, Al, can you make sure that Howard's got that camera? Yeah. -Got it? Okay, they're good. -Here we go. AL: Dive, dive, dive. -This is it. -Yeah. KEVIN: We know this could be our very last day to be out here diving. There's a storm coming across the lake as we speak. So, to be out there trying, knowing it could be your last day, it's-it's intense. I mean, we're pushing it right to the end. This is it for us. -This is it. -Golden turkey day. -KEVIN: Do you want to get your gear on, just in case? -Sure. NARRATOR: Because Kevin has yet to receive the second of two government permits which would allow the team to examine and retrieve objects of interest from the lake bottom, the team will only be able to use a metal detector to identify any metal or gold objects. KEVIN: Today's the day. Eight years' worth of searching. -Can't wait. -Time will tell. What is the visibility today? Excellent. Wonderful. NARRATOR: As before, John and Howard will be utilizing what is known as a circular search in order to thoroughly scour the lake bottom. KEVIN: You know, I think the plan that John and Howard have of methodically ruling out areas makes a lot of sense. We brought these men in for their expertise. -They're in that spot. -They're in the spot. Boy, we're coming right down the wire on this. Right down the wire. Last dive, last few minutes. NARRATOR: Although they have found an area that looks identical to where the mysterious gold-colored objects were located, after 20 minutes of searching, John and Howard have yet to see any signs of them. -Come on, guys, find it, find it. -I want to hear 'em say "gold." -Sounds like they're seeing something else. -Yeah. He said 20 feet off in the distance he could see something. We've gotta be in the right area, though. KEVIN: See what what is? Guys, this is topside. Are you seeing gold bars? -And it goes on. -Mm-hmm. KEVIN: You know, I want so badly to hear that we have found those gold bars again. It's very nerve-racking. NARRATOR: Having reached the extent of their search line, John and Howard will have to start their process all over again in an adjacent area. The question now is: Will they be able to complete a second search before their time runs out? That sounds good. They're seeing stuff. Please let it be a gold bar. He said "gold," I think. Did you say you found some gold? Did you say that? They're there. Guys, please confirm. Have you found gold bars? Yes or no? -Yes! Hey! -Bam. Bam. I told you there was gold down there, didn't I? How many of those bars are you seeing? NARRATOR: In Frankfort, Michigan... Oh, man, we got there. ...treasure hunter Kevin Dykstra and his team, along with divers John Chatterton and Howard Ehrenberg, may have found what Kevin has been seeking for more than eight years: a possible fortune in stolen Confederate gold at the bottom of Lake Michigan. -Follow the gold trail! -I-I can't believe it. They got... they got there. John and Howard, how many of those bars are you seeing? -Multiple bars. -No freaking way. -KEVIN: Six gold bars. -In just that area. And that's what they can see. There could be more buried. -They're on them gold bars right now. -Yep. -They are on those gold bars. -They got 'em. Man, I'm shaking. All right, they're gonna be putting a buoy up on those bars, so why don't you go grab the metal detector -and get yourself ready to get down there. -Yep. NARRATOR: In order to pinpoint their location on the lake bottom, Howard Ehrenberg deploys a marker buoy, or SMB, which will enable the team to mark the area's exact GPS coordinates. KEVIN: We see the buoy. We got to get down there and verify it. AL: Eight freaking years, and here we are. KEVIN: I want to know right now, are we sitting on millions of dollars worth of gold on the bottom of the lake? We need to Al down there to confirm that these are, in fact, non-ferrous gold bars. How close to those bars are you, Al? -Oh, cool! -Get that metal detector on 'em. NARRATOR: Because the team is still awaiting a government permit that would allow them to lawfully touch or move objects on the lake bottom, Al will scan the bars with an underwater metal detector capable of discriminating between ferrous metals such as iron and non-ferrous metals such as gold. Al, do you copy? KEVIN: Al, you need to put that metal detector over something that's metal. Just verify that it's working. That makes no sense. That metal detector should be singing like crazy. (metal detector beeps) That's not right. Something's definitely wrong. NARRATOR: Gold-colored bricks? Not solid gold bars? But if so, how did they get on the bottom of Lake Michigan? All right, Al, if that's the case, come back up and, uh, we'll figure out a plan. KEVIN: When Al told me that those bricks weren't metal, all I could think of is: What's going on here? AL: It's a red brick painted with a gold paint, because I could see the red on the side of it. -These were just square bricks. -KEVIN: Just square bricks. Just-just a red brick like you'd see on a schoolhouse. Who would make fake gold bars? Who would do that? I think we need to go up to Traverse and pay a visit to Marty and review that footage that you guys got. And we'll get ahold of Marty and let him know what's going on. -AL: Yeah. -Yeah. -KEVIN: All right. NARRATOR: The following day... ALEX: Welcome to the Founder's Room. -Welcome back to the Founder's Room. -Yep. NARRATOR: ...Kevin, along with his team, arrive at Mari Vineyards in Traverse City to share their disappointing news with Alex and Marty Lagina. Well, guys, I am really looking forward to this because you left me hanging last time with those gold bricks. KEVIN: Well, s-sorry about that. MARTY: I mean, literally cliffhanging, and I-I want to know what happened. I vividly remember that phone call we had where you told me about the bricks, but you weren't quite sure if you were gonna be able to get back to them. Then what happened? Okay, I'm gonna show you what-what the video is -that they came up with here. -Great. AL: So I get to the bottom and, uh, it is basically a field of gold bricks. As far as you could see, -they were sporadically just all... -Seriously? -Uh-huh. All over the place. -Like, dozens? I was most excited that I've ever been in my life. (chuckling): I believe it. AL: I could see them when I was about 15 feet off the bottom. -I could look out and just see them. -ALEX: Wow. AL: John and Howard had their lights on them, and they were just glowing. Okay, and then? Where are they? John, he pointed me to this one and, uh, I was hitting it with the metal detector, but I wasn't getting any reading, so we thought maybe something's wrong with the metal detector, so we checked it on his dive knife, and, obviously, I was getting a reading on that, but I was not getting ferrous or non-ferrous, -so that means... -MARTY: So... -So they're not gold bars? -They're not metal? -So they're not gold bars? -They're not metal. NARRATOR: In Traverse City, Michigan, treasure hunter Kevin Dykstra and his team have just revealed to Marty Lagina and his son Alex that what appeared to be gold bars on the bottom of Lake Michigan are nothing more than gold-painted bricks. I just can't... I can't even believe it as I'm sitting here, honestly. I mean, look, this is very sobering. -Yep. -ALEX: I mean, what are they? I mean, if it's not gold, what do you think it is? They're just red bricks painted gold. -So somebody's messing with you? -Somebody's messing with us. Who the hell is doing this? I mean, who? Somebody that's been chasing you? Nipping at your tail, what? There's so many questions. Did somebody plant these to lead us astray? Maybe somebody knows we're close. That's a possibility. MARTY: Time out. Time out. Did it look to you like they're recent, like it could... I mean, did the paint look recent? I mean, I know this is an impossible question, but I don't care-- I'm asking it anyway. I think, if those were sitting down there -for a hundred years... -MARTY: Right. ...that gold paint would've been wore off by a hundred years of sand washing over it. -So you think somebody just dumped these. -I think it's recent. -That's what I think. -You think that? Could sand wash over gold paint for a hundred years and still have the paint still be there? I doubt it, Al. I think you're probably right. I think it looks like a pretty common-day brick... -Mm-hmm. -...with gold on it. Who would have ever thought that somebody would paint bricks gold and throw them on the bottom of the lake for us to find? The thought never crossed my mind. So, is somebody trying to throw us off the trail? Does somebody know that there's still gold on the bottom of the lake, maybe in a little different area, and they're trying to divert us away from it? MARTY: Or they took it already. Or-or they've already been there and got it. You know, there's so many questions. Like I said, we-we never were prepared for something like this. NARRATOR: Could Kevin Dykstra's suspicions be correct? Could it be that someone who believes his incredible theory to be true is shadowing him and his team in an effort to keep them from locating the stolen Confederate gold? Or could it be that, in his eight-year search to find the gold, Kevin has made a number of possible enemies by exposing evidence of a large and still ongoing conspiracy? One that dates all the way back to the American Civil War. KEVIN: You know, we've been working on this for eight years, we've investigated a lot of people-- the Freemasons, the Knights of the Golden Circle, some very powerful men like Charles Hackley. Maybe I should be looking over my shoulder, because there still may be people today who don't want this figured out, who maybe don't want me to find that gold. We've got gold-painted bricks at the bottom of Lake Michigan? I could never have guessed, anticipated, you know. -No. -Uh, that's just bizarre. It's interesting, but... you still have to say, okay, we are where we are. Prove your premise. And I-I'm just gonna be candid. It'd be really nice if we could date those. They could tell a story if we could bring them to the surface, but, you know, if we can't get the permit, well, then we aren't gonna be able to get that thing off the bottom. KEVIN: Well, I do have some good news. On the way over here, I just found out that the Army Corps of Engineers approved our permit. MARTY: Really? -ALEX: So you got it? -KEVIN: We did. Now we're able to remove things from the bottom of the lake. Well, okay, if-if you can get one of those to the surface, that's a... that's a different story. I'm actually kind of getting sauced up here a little bit. -(laughs) -Let's figure out what happened here. There are some similarities between this and Oak Island, in the sense that it starts out with kind of a simple premise-- something buried here, something at the bottom of the lake here-- and then all of a sudden, when you start looking into it and following the data, pretty soon you're running wild with it. Here's what I know for sure: Kevin's done a great job of connecting dots, but they're-they're not all connected yet. They're not done. This isn't the end. You know, there-there's still something else out there, too, because looking at this footage, this is great footage, -you can see very clearly the edge of the brick. -Mm-hmm. It looks different than the object that we saw in the footage from last year. NARRATOR: One year ago... Jeff got some video that we want to show you, and I think you'll be really impressed. NARRATOR: ...while exploring a different but nearby area on the bottom of Lake Michigan, Kevin, Al and Jeff Zehr obtained footage of another rectangular-shaped object, one which appeared to be a genuine gold bar. Okay, then we come into this area here. Boom, right there. Do you see what's in the corner there? We have what we believe is a gold bar. But that object is still out there. We never found that. -We never re-found that one, yeah. -ALEX: But it looks to me like it's, uh, maybe slightly smaller -than the bricks in the other footage. -That's a good point. -It's a totally different look. -Right. ALEX: This is a totally different location. I can tell just from the-the bottom. -MARTY: Sure. -KEVIN: Yeah. Okay, guys, you know what? Y-You came through. You came through in spades. Data's data. You found what was down there. But, I mean, this is a mystery now. I kind of... I guess I'm getting kind of juiced up a little bit. I don't know what the hell... how that happened. I'm still excited. I'm still gonna follow the gold trail. (laughter) I don't feel like giving up. I'm guessing you don't, either. No. Not a... not a chance, not a chance. We're not done. We're not done. This-this adventure is just beginning. -AL: Yeah, right. -And I feel really good. -Yeah. I agree. -KEVIN: Yeah. KEVIN: You know, we may not have found the gold just yet, but we've uncovered a lot of evidence that supports my theory. And after this year, it's opened up so many new areas to search. There's caches of gold to explore all over. -We'll pick back up in the spring, right? -We will. KEVIN: There's no way that I'm near the end of the quest now. This is really just the beginning. Now that we have the permit, there's no way that any one of us are gonna stop searching for this gold until we find it. You couldn't make us stop looking for this gold. Kevin, here's where we're going. We're going forward, together. That sounds great. That sounds great. NARRATOR: For Kevin Dykstra and his team, the search for a missing fortune in Confederate gold has become more than a treasure hunt. It has become a quest to reveal the truth behind what might be one of the greatest conspiracies in history. One that began with the death of an American President... (gunshot) ...and stretched from Georgia and Michigan to Utah and beyond. But now that evidence of suspected sabotage has been discovered, is it possible that the stolen gold and the secrets surrounding its history are still being guarded? If so, by whom? And just how far are they willing to go in order to protect them? (gunshot) Subtitled by Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 