The Curse of Civil War Gold: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Curse of Civil War Gold 
 s2e7 - The Plot Thickens - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Curse of Civil War Gold (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 7 - The Plot Thickens - full transcript 
 A theory suggests the theft of Confederate gold funded one of the most nefarious crimes in history. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Tonight on The Curse of Civil War Gold... I believe that there are, potentially, billions in gold hidden by the Knights of the Golden Circle. And it played out in Muskegon because of Charles Hackley. -He fits the profile. -KEVIN: Wow. AKRAM: Here you're in the Mason's Temple. I've always felt that the Masons collaborated about the missing Confederate gold. What gold? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 -Vault number one. -[laughs]: Oh, my goodness. Every history textbook in America has this wrong. Absolutely. ALEX: Are you saying that Stanton was involved in the murder of Abraham Lincoln? -Yes. -You are? -How do you know that? -I know it for a fact. -BRAD: Wow. -Wow. NARRATOR: While tracking down connections between the men who arrested Jefferson Davis on the morning of May 10, 1865 and Secretary of War Edwin Stanton, the man who gave the orders, treasure hunter Kevin Dykstra, his brother Al, along with researcher Brad Richards 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and Marty Lagina's son Alex have traveled to Washington, D.C. They are meeting with investigative journalist and author Warren Getler, whose bookRebel Gold makes numerous connections between Stanton and an elaborate plot to assassinate President Abraham Lincoln and then steal millions in gold and silver from the Confederate treasury-- a portion of which, Kevin believes, now lies at the bottom of Lake Michigan. The story that I've heard is that John Wilkes Booth was just, like, a rogue Southern sympathizer who executed Abraham Lincoln, -but you're saying that that's not the case. -WARREN: Right. That's the established history, but it's, it's not true. NARRATOR: On the evening of April 14, 1865, President Abraham Lincoln was attending a production ofOur American Cousin at Ford's Theatre in Washington, D.C. John Wilkes Booth, a famous actor, entered the president's private box and fired a single .44 caliber bullet into the back of his head. As chaos erupted in the stunned theater, Booth leapt to the stage, injured his leg and then shouted, "Sic semper tyrannis"-- death to tyrants. He then escaped out the back door of the theater and fled into the night on a waiting horse. But Booth's act of treachery was by no means a solitary one. That same night, there were similar plots against two other members of Lincoln's cabinet: Vice President Andrew Johnson, and Secretary of State William H. Seward. Although the attempt on Johnson was foiled before it could take place, the attack on Secretary Seward-- while not fatal-- was exceptionally brutal, leaving the statesman scarred for life. There were eight people who were convicted and four were hung. We are talking about one of the most elaborate schemes of what we call today "regime change." Whoa. The actual act by Booth, I believe, was organized by the Knights of the Golden Circle. And I think there is a real possibility that Edwin Stanton was a major coconspirator. NARRATOR: The Knights of the Golden Circle? The secret organization that was reportedly planning to take the remains of the Confederate treasury to Mexico and then use it to set up a rogue government? In 1854, as anti-slavery sentiment began growing in the United States, pro-slavery advocates formed a secret society known as the Knights of the Golden Circle, or KGC. Members are believed to have included John Wilkes Booth, the outlaw Jesse James and Confederate President Jefferson Davis. When the Confederacy lost the Civil War, the KGC plotted to form a new nation of slave territories known as the Golden Circle, that would stretch from Mexico to the Caribbean. Is it possible, as Warren Getler's research suggests, that not only was the KGC behind the plot to assassinate Abraham Lincoln, but that one of the conspirators was Edward M. Stanton, a member of Lincoln's own cabinet? If we want to look at some very incriminating evidence -against Stanton... -Okay. ...the question becomes, did Booth lose his diary, which is-- I actually have a copy of this here to show you guys. -AL: John Wilkes Booth's diary? -Yes. -BRAD: Whoa. -And isn't it interesting that when Stanton returned it, 18 pages were missing? Wow. NARRATOR: 18 pages? Missing from the diary of John Wilkes Booth? Is it possible that Secretary of War Edwin Stanton was involved in the plot to assassinate America's 16th president? And, if so, what had Booth written that Stanton would have wanted erased from history? They're obviously missing for a reason. Somebody didn't want people to know what was on those pages. WARREN: Lincoln, he wasn't just fighting the Confederacy, he was fighting a secret society. The Knights of the Golden Circle had the power, I would argue, of the CIA, the FBI and the National Security Administration combined. -Oh, wow. -Why do I say that? Because the U.S. government was after the Knights of the Golden Circle. And this is where it gets really interesting. If we recall, the Knights of the Golden Circle was two things: it was a Confederate organization and a Scottish Rite organization. Oh, my goodness. NARRATOR: The Scottish Rite is a branch of Freemasonry designed to advance Master Masons beyond the organization's third degree. Formed in 1801, and then later refined by noted Freemason Albert Pike in the 1850s, Scottish Rite Freemasonry is considered one of the most prestigious and elite branches in the organization. It is also one of the most secretive. If you look at the Masonic connection, he was a Mason, he was a Mason, he was a Mason. There it is. That's the package. BRAD: All the major players are Scottish Rite 33rd degree Masons. KEVIN: Does any of your research reveal Stanton in an effort to seize Confederate gold of any kind and then store it or hide it in places? The Knights of the Golden Circle were all about seizing gold and keeping it. -Okay. -A classic modus operandi of the Knights of the Golden Circle was to have sentinels in place who would protect this money at all costs under a blood oath. -Wow. -KEVIN: Really? WARREN: I believe that there are potentially billions in gold that are underground, hidden by the Knights of the Golden Circle. -Still, to this day? -Yes, absolutely. These huge depositories of underground gold exist, in Arizona, Utah, New Mexico, Texas. They would have people who would be in charge of them, and, if they were smart, they'd give to the town. To keep the town happy, maybe to keep the town quiet. And it played out in Muskegon because one interesting fellow, Charles Hackley, who was a high-level Mason, -did exactly that. -He fits the profile. He built hospitals, he built schools, libraries. He really pulled the town on his side. So you're saying Charles Hackley could have been a KGC sentinel? It's very hard to eliminate the possibility. We knew it. NARRATOR: According to Kevin Dykstra's research, the Union officers who arrested Jefferson Davis at the end of the Civil War took possession of six wagonloads of gold, silver and jewelry. After being hidden in Georgia for five years, the treasure was then brought to Muskegon, Michigan where lumber tycoon-turned-banker Charles Hackley began laundering it through a number of local banks and charities, as well as in gold mines out west. According to a deathbed confession made by a lighthouse keeper in the late 1800s, it was while transporting the stolen gold to one of Charles Hackley's gold mines in Utah that a boxcar full of it was deliberately pushed off a ferryboat and sent crashing to the bottom of Lake Michigan. Although Kevin believes he has found a possible debris field, he must wait for the necessary permits to see if his theory is correct. So the question with Stanton is, was seizing that gold important to keep the economy going? Right? He made a big fuss about this money. Or was it that he was an operative of the Knights of the Golden Circle? ALEX: Right. -Two conflicting motives. -Two conflicting. Or did he, did he thread himself kind of between both? I've been on this story for 20 years, and there's a guy I would love for you to meet. He's a real Booth assassination expert. Nate Orlowek. And I think it would be great for you guys to talk to him. Yeah, I'll get in touch with him. I'll set something up. -The more we can learn, the better, really. -Absolutely. We knew this conspiracy was large. I felt we were at the tip of the iceberg. I think we're at the tip of Antarctica, -loaded with icebergs. -[laughter] As a history teacher, it's mind-blowing. Yeah, well, it's not the history we learn in high school or in college. AL: We appreciate your time. WARREN: Yeah, great. Good seeing you guys. Take care. NARRATOR: After scheduling to meet with John Wilkes Booth expert Nate Orlowek the next day, Alex Lagina has arranged for everyone to find out more about Freemasonry by suggesting a visit with a former Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of the District of Columbia. Al and I managed to get in touch with a guy by the name of Akram, who is a former Grand Master of the Scottish Rite here in D.C. -33 degree. -Yep. Yep. -BRAD: Really? -KEVIN: Oh, wow. NARRATOR: For Kevin Dykstra and his team, what started as a quest to retrieve millions of dollars' worth of gold bars at the bottom of Lake Michigan has expanded to a treasure hunt of a very different kind. Have any of you guys been in a, like, -a Masonic temple before? -Never. NARRATOR: They are now increasingly convinced that a plot to steal a portion of the Confederate treasury -was actually part of a vast conspiracy. -[gunshot] KEVIN: It's really interesting that research that started in Muskegon, Michigan now looks like it could very likely involve John Wilkes Booth. We're uncovering a bigger conspiracy here. We very likely could be rewriting history. ALEX: Well, this is it. The oldest Masonic temple in D.C. -BRAD: This thing is huge. -ALEX: Yep. AL: Man, that's impressive. -KEVIN: Right here. -Hello, gentlemen. -ALEX: Hey. How are you? -BRAD: Hey, Akram. -AL: Hey, Akram. -Fine. How you doing? -I'm Alex. We talked on the phone. -Hi, Alex. -How are you? I'm Akram. -I'm Al. NARRATOR: As the president of Capital Communications Group, Inc., a consulting firm that specializes in international business and cultural/political networking, Akram Elias is considered one of Washington, D.C.'s most respected residents. He is also one of the nation's most high-ranking Freemasons, having achieved the 33rd degree, the fraternity's highest level, in 2001. Since then he has served as the head of several Masonic lodges and even as Grand Master of Masons for the District of Columbia, overseeing all Masonic lodges in the jurisdiction. Please, come on in. -Just follow me. -All right. -Okay. KEVIN: You know, I'm really surprised that a Grand Master Mason is willing to take us inside of the temple and answer questions, because my belief was that the Masons really didn't share a lot. -Welcome to the House of the Temple. -Wow. AKRAM: Salve frater,you know? Welcome, my brother. -AL: It's huge. -BRAD [chuckles]: Whoa! AKRAM: This is the atrium. This is where people are welcomed into the building before they go to, um, the Temple Room. Is that where the ceremonies are at? In the Temple Room, yes. NARRATOR: According to the principles of Freemasonry, the bond between members is considered more sacred than any allegiance to creed or even country. This system of beliefs is taught to members inside Masonic lodges and temples through secret rituals, and in the outside world, they employ secret handshakes, passwords and signals used to identify each other. So, this is the tomb of Albert Pike? AKRAM: This is where he is, uh, entombed, as we say, yeah. In other words, the sarcophagus. This is where the remains of Albert Pike were preserved. NARRATOR: Although he was from Massachusetts, a Union state, Albert Pike not only helped organize the South's secession but also served as a brigadier general for the Confederacy during the Civil War. Upon his death in 1891, he was buried in Oak Hill Cemetery in Washington, D.C., the same cemetery where fellow Scottish Rite Freemason Edwin Stanton was laid to rest in 1869. But in 1944, Pike's remains were moved here to the House of the Temple, although the circumstances as to why are still a mystery. -Do you want to follow me this way? -Sure. -Sure. -Yeah. AKRAM: Uh, as-as we go up here... Well, take a look at this. -Wow. This is amazing. -Man. AKRAM: Isn't that magnificent? -AL: That's crazy. -BRAD [chuckles]: Whoa! AKRAM: Now, here you're really in the temple itself, you know? KEVIN: This temple is massive. Everything was figured right down to the nth degree. And all of those features have a reason. It really puts in perspective what we're dealing with here and the size of this effort. There was a lot of power with the Masons back in the day. [chuckles]: What do you guys talk about in here? -What do we talk about. -AL: Yeah. Well, all kinds of things. At the heart, the center of this room, of this temple, is the altar upon which every Mason would take his oath, an oath that has to do with duty and obligation. Duties are things that others expect of you. An obligation is self-taken. It's free will. Masonry can never tell a person to take an oath against his religious belief, his political affiliation or the allegiance that he or she owes to their country. So it must have been a real struggle for Masons during the Civil War. Absolutely. Masons were on both sides. Families were split. You had generals on both sides who were Masons. But Freemasonry would never tell you you need to be with one side or another. [indistinct shouting] NARRATOR: During the four years of the Civil War, the United States was more bitterly divided than at any other time in its history. Because battle lines were often drawn state by state, as well as by ideology, members of the same family often found themselves fighting each other. However, despite the fact that many Freemasons found themselves on different sides of the conflict, their strong bonds of fraternal brotherhood often trumped their loyalties to country. So, we're doing as much research as we can with what happened to the gold at the end of the Civil War. Gold? What gold? -Well, the Confederate gold. -[laughs] So, when we ask you about gold and Confederate gold, I've always felt that the Masons were involved. -Am I close? -AKRAM: I mean, as I mentioned, many were Masons on both sides of the conflict, and if they were engaged in trying to do something with that gold, that's quite possible. AL: Were the Masons connected at all with the Knights of the Golden Circle? I wouldn't say the Masons were connd with that as Masons, but there are individual Masons who have joined different organizations, esoteric groups. That's where the conspiracy theorists never get it. They think, "Oh, my God, these Masons -might have been conspiring!" -Hmm. It's not about conspiracy. It's about making free men. Think on your own. Act on your own. -So it's not about conspiracy. -Hmm. AKRAM: When you're looking at the history of Freemasonry, this is where conspiracy theorists confuse what's going on. The idea in Freemasonry is that the individual is sovereign and can become members of other organizations. Can you discuss any of these secret societies from that time period? At that time, when we're talking about that period of time, Freemasonry was no longer a secret society. In fact, Freemasonry was never a secret society in the United States. But don't you take an oath to keep secrets? Yes. -[laughs] -I take an oath to keep secrets. But these secrets don't have to do with anything except my own obligation as a Mason. KEVIN: Well, I can tell you one thing, Akram, on the theory that we have with the missing Confederate gold. I feel a lot more confident that it was a group of Masons who decided to do this. It's very-- quite possible, the same way, as I mentioned, there were Masons on both sides who fought the conflict, but itas nothing to do with Masonry. It is up to the individual to make that individual choice. I know you're a busy man, but thank you so much for your time. Oh, it-it is my... it is my pleasure. I'm glad I was able to shed some light. I appreciate, uh, the questions that you've asked. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. -Appreciate it. My pleasure. -AL: See you, Akram. Thank you. ALEX: You know, we've been encountering Masons in the shadows on Oak Island for years. -Oh, yeah. -For years. KEVIN: If we can connect John Wilkes Booth to Edwin Stanton and then Stanton to Charles Hackley, we might be uncovering a way bigger conspiracy than we thought. -ALEX: Yeah, I agree. -AL: Me, too. ALEX: It's my first time in Baltimore. AL: I know. Me, too. -It's cool out here. -NARRATOR: One day after hearing Warren Getler's incredible theory that the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln may be connected to Kevin Dykstra's search for $140 million in stolen Confederate gold hidden at the bottom of Lake Michigan, Kevin, along with his brother Al, history teacher Brad Richards and Alex Lagina arrive at the Maryland Historical Society in Baltimore for what promises to be an important meeting. -Hi, Nate. -Hi, Alex. How are you? NARRATOR: Nate Orlowek is an educator and historian who has been featured in numerous news articles and documentary programs both for his expertise on Abraham Lincoln and on the man who assassinated him, John Wilkes Booth. -Well, thanks for meeting with us. -My pleasure. Seems like a lot of material there. -Oh, yeah. -Oh, this is a drop in the bucket. Just, um, some of the major parts. So, Nate, I don't... I don't know if you've heard of our research, but we're basically following Confederate gold that went missing down in Irwinville, Georgia. While researching Edwin Stanton, we got real close to the assassination of Abraham Lincoln and John Wilkes Booth. NATE: Well, it is very plausible that Stanton could have very easily have been involved in the plot to assassinate President Lincoln. When Lincoln went to the theater April 14, there was only one security person assigned to protect the president. In the afternoon of April 14, even Lincoln himself sensed that there was possibly gonna be an attempt on his life. And he actually went to Secretary of War Edwin Stanton and asked him for a strong guard. And, Stanton said, "No, you don't really need... It'll be fine." In fact, no security was there except one policeman, John F. Parker, and he had the worst record on the Metropolitan Police. NARRATOR: Although Officer John F. Parker-- who had been assigned to guard President Lincoln's private box at Ford's Theatre by Edwin Stanton-- stood by his post for the first half of the play, Our American Cousin, at the intermission, he inexplicably left the premises, leaving the president completely vulnerable. It was just minutes later that John Wilkes Booth entered the room and shot him. Could it be true that John F. Parker was not only ordered to be the sole security officer protecting Lincoln that night, but was also ordered to leave his post at a precise moment by Edwin Stanton? Definitely after the assassination, Stanton helped to cover it up, and it's very plausible that he was covering it up because he himself was involved in it. John Wilkes Booth was a passionate supporter of the Confederacy. He was actively helping the Knights of the Golden Circle, and probably many of the members of it were involved, certainly, in helping Booth escape. NARRATOR: Shortly after fleeing Ford's Theatre, John Wilkes Booth was somehow able to cross the heavily guarded Navy Yard Bridge leading into Maryland, despite a strictly enforced curfew. After meeting up with fellow conspirator David Herold, the pair took refuge at the farm of Dr. Samuel Mudd, where Booth received treatment for his badly wounded leg. [horse neighing] Over the next few days, the pair made their way to the farm of Richard Garrett in Port Royal, Virginia. It was here on April 26, 11 days after the death of President Abraham Lincoln, that Union soldiers from the 16th New York Cavalry stormed the farm and reportedly cornered John Wilkes Booth -inside the barn. -Get out of the barn now! NARRATOR: According to the official record, Booth refused to surrender, and was shot in the back of the head by Sergeant Boston Corbett. John Wilkes Booth then succumbed to his wound and died two hours later. Well, for over 45 years, I've been researching the question of whether John Wilkes Booth was killed in Garrett's barn, as the government would have us believe. There's the person who the government claims was John Wilkes Booth, but I have to bring in the other John Wilkes Booth. BRAD: So, Nate, you say "the other" John Wilkes Booth. What are you getting at exactly with that? Our conclusion is that the man killed in Garrett's barn was not John Wilkes Booth. And there's a tremendous amount of evidence. One general category is physical evidence that the man killed in the barn could not have been John Wilkes Booth. There were three different individuals who had made statements that the man killed in the barn had reddish hair, and a freckled complexion. By all accounts, John Wilkes Booth had raven black hair and a smooth complexion. The government called a doctor and asked him to look at the body. Doctor said the right leg of this body was broken. By all historical accounts-- there were 2,000 people who saw it-- Booth broke his left leg. Not only did he say that, but the very first sentence of his statement-- it's crossed out, but you can read under it. What it says is, "There is no resemblance "to that body of John Wilkes Booth, and I do not believe it to be he." Who crossed it out? Well, it must have been someone from the War Department. Of course, Stanton was the head of the War Department. Stanton did many things that are extremely suspicious, that certainly point, circumstantially at least, to him being involved in the assassination. Stanton absolutely was the person who conducted the cover-up of the assassination investigation. The railroading of the eight defendants. NARRATOR: As Edwin Stanton oversaw the investigation and prosecution of those accused of conspiring to kill President Lincoln, and the attempt on the lives of both Secretary of State William Seward and Vice President Andrew Johnson, eight suspects were prosecuted by a military tribunal, and four were eventually executed by hanging, including a woman named Mary Surratt. All were portrayed as undercover Confederate sympathizers acting together as one group. But could their executions have been an attempt by Stanton to cover up his own involvement in the conspiracy? One that involved the theft of millions of dollars in stolen Confederate gold? -The man in the barn was not John Wilkes Booth. -Mm-hmm. There have been many people who've attempted over the years, and are still attempting, to try to prevent that fact from coming out. And for the last ten years, we have been attempting to do now a DNA test. The man killed in the barn had three vertebrae taken out of him, and they were sent to Washington, and they've been in Washington ever since. We were gonna match DNA taken from one of two brothers of John Wilkes Booth. The Booth family was supportive of this. Unfortunately, the National Museum of Health and Medicine said, "We're not going to allow a DNA test to be done." KEVIN: One has to wonder why the government won't allow DNA testing. You almost wonder if that conspiracy is continuing today. Hey, Nate, I think you've made a compelling case that every history textbook in America has this wrong. KEVIN: There's just too much. You know, it's not a smoking gun, -but it's a hot gun. -There's way too much. There's-there's way too much. This was a plot. Edwin Stanton had his hands in a lot of things. If we can find evidence to support Nate's theory about how John Wilkes Booth actually escaped, it would answer a lot more questions. -Is that barn still here today? -NATE: Well, no. It's long gone. So, right now, there is just a marker on the spot where the farm was. It's in the northern neck of Virginia, and I... Is that close to here? It's about a two-hour drive from Baltimore. I'd be glad to take you there, and we can... -you can see it. -KEVIN: Oh, we'd love to go. If you have time tomorrow, it would be a great trip. -We got time. -Pretty sure we got time. -Great. Okay. -Thanks again, Nate. -We'll meet you there. -Thank you. NARRATOR: As Kevin Dykstra and members of his team conclude their business in Baltimore, 700 miles west in Muskegon, Michigan... -New adventures. Nothing like it. -That's right. NARRATOR: ...team researchers Frederick J. Monroe and Jeff Zehr are following up on a promising new lead concerning Charles Hackley that Jeff received from one of his chiropractic patients. How did you hear about where we're going? A patient of mine actually lives right next door to the Hume home. -Really? -Right next door, and he said, "There's some weird doors in our basement," and he cannot figure out why they're there. And they're giving us permission to go to the basement? -Is that what you said? -They are gonna... they're gonna take us right through their home in their basement, so we can see these for ourselves. I love it. -JOE GLIDDEN: Foot three. -FRED: Three. NARRATOR: One month ago, as Kevin Dykstra and the team conducted ground-penetrating radar scans beneath the 19th century home of Charles Hackley's business partner, Thomas Hume, they found strong evidence of a secret tunnel directly connecting the property to the Hackley Mansion. -Yeah. -We're walking right on top of the tunnel. -Yeah, we are. Yeah. -Yeah. NARRATOR: The discovery foreshadowed a similar one made just one week ago... This is the kind of architecture you'd expect to see in the 1800s. NARRATOR: ...where Brad Richards and Jeff Zehr discovered a network of tunnels that connected the Hackley Mansion to a number of other Hackley-built properties-- properties that Kevin and his team are convinced were involved in the secret transport and laundering of millions of dollars' worth of stolen Confederate gold. I believe that Charles Hackley, if he was gonna move any kind of gold, a tunnel would be very, very necessary. And this is just following the gold trail right to the big 140 million out on the lake. This is just another avenue. Old Charles Hackley has quite a compound here, doesn't he? I know. It's something to see it all just lined up right here. FRED: Right in a row. Charles Hackley's house, -Thomas Hume's home. -Yup. FRED: And we got this. Straight line. JEFF: Just right here. Yup. They could talk through -the windows if they wanted to. -Oh, yeah. [knocking] -Hey, Doug. -Hey, Jeff. -Good to see you again. -How you doing? Good to see you. NARRATOR: Meeting Jeff and Fred is homeowner Doug Pollock. -Thank you. -Come on in, guys. Oh, thanks. Well, we are excited, uh, to see what you have to show us, man. Well, I'm excited to have you here. -I love talking about my house. -So, thanks to what you had already shared with me, I went and did some of my own -research on Chauncey Chaddock... -Mm-hmm. Yup. ...the guy who built this home. Chaddock worked with and for Charles Hackley, -who is, like, right next door here. -Mm-hmm. Yup. NARRATOR: Chauncey Chaddock was an attorney and businessman who worked closely with Charles Hackley in the lumber industry during the 1850s and '60s while Hackley built himself up to be a powerful lumber baron in his hometown of Muskegon, Michigan. Chaddock then went on to serve as legal counsel for the Hackley National Bank. Because the bank was first chartered in 1870-- the year Kevin believes Hackley had millions in stolen Confederate gold smuggled to Muskegon from its hiding place in Irwinville, Georgia-- Kevin and the team are curious to see if there could be yet another tunnel under the property. When exactly was this house built? The lot was purchased in the early 1870s. Now, is it true that this was the first house built here? -It was the first one in this row, yeah. -In this row, yeah. -It was before the Hackley-Hume mansions were built. -Yup. -I'm anxious to see what you really have to show me. -Absolutely. Let's go see it. Be careful of the stairs. -They're old and rickety. -All right. JEFF: Really excited to be checking this house out. We have the potential of being able to come up with stuff that can add up and show this whole theory to be true. -JEFF: Oh, my goodness. -Oh, my God! -Vaults! -JEFF: What in the world are these doing down here? NARRATOR: Two reinforced metal vaults... located right next door to the compound once owned by Charles Hackley and his business partner Thomas Hume? Why would anybody need a vault in their basement? The only reason you would need a vault in your basement would be to store something, of which you don't want anybody to get their hands on. -This is the larger of the two doors. -Mm-hmm. -Try lifting that up. -This here? I don't know if I... Yeah. I mean, I can't lift it up. Doug, look at the steel casing! Not to mention the door. DOUG: And it all leads back to that question, why is that thing here? Is it okay if we get inside there and look? -Please. Check out anything you want to look at. -JEFF: Oh, my. I mean, just don't shut the door on me. [Fred laughs] JEFF: Look here. Concrete ceiling? DOUG: So, it looks to be poured in place. JEFF: But you don't pour cement like this after a house has already been built. I believe they built this wall around... that door. JEFF: You're right. You can't build this after the fact. This had to be done when the house was built back in the early 1870s, right? -Mm-hmm. -It was not retrofitted. FRED: That's what I'm thinking. -All right, Doug, can we see that other vault now? -Absolutely. Come on. You'll see over here I've done... -I started turning it into a wine cellar on the side. -JEFF: Wow. DOUG: But this part is pretty original to where it was -when I found it. -Wow. The paint is the way I found it. I sealed it, just to keep the dust out of it. This is the wall facing the Hume home. That's exactly right. -Right here. Huh. -Yep. We have evidence that there's tunnels that connected a lot of these buildings and a lot of these houses. What if there was a tunnel here? NARRATOR: Given the fact that the team already found evidence of a tunnel between the 19th century houses of Charles Hackley and his business partner Thomas Hume, could Jeff be correct that another tunnel might have also been constructed between the Hackley-Hume compound and the vaults in the basement of Hackley's former business associate and attorney, Chauncey Chaddock? And if so, could this be one of the places where Hackley stored a fortune in stolen Confederate gold? Knowing that that faces the Hume... Hackley-Hume compound is awful interesting to me. I'm really curious to see if there's a tunnel going right to the Hume home. Vaults and gold go hand in hand together in my book. [laughs] There's no question that the location of this house is significant. It is right next door to the Hackley-Hume compound, which would make moving gold back and forth much, much easier. We know that the gold had to be stored somewhere before the bank was opened. We-we know it got up to Muskegon. We know the bank wasn't ready yet, but the gold was here. I believe your house very likely could have been that place. This is what happens when we follow the gold trail. -We gotta come back, don't you think? -I'd say so. JEFF: We can get Gary Drayton in here. He's a metal detection expert. Uh, we've had GPR already we've used that's been very beneficial. We'll get the team in here. So, I mean, there's a lot we, I think, could come back with after we talk to Kevin. You're welcome back all you want. JEFF: Well, thank you so much. NARRATOR: One day after their informative meeting with Lincoln assassination expert Nate Orlowek... -It's just a small point right off the highway, he said. -AL: Huh. NARRATOR: ...treasure hunters Kevin Dykstra, his brother Al, Brad Richards and Alex Lagina head to the site of the Garrett Farm in Port Royal, Virginia, the place where John Wilkes Booth was reportedly killed during a standoff with Union soldiers on April 24, 1865. KEVIN: We started this whole search with Confederate gold at the bottom of Lake Michigan. Now, I definitely feel that what we're uncovering is leading us to places we never anticipated. Mm-hmm. I was able to find a ground-penetrating radar company -that's actually gonna meet us up there. -Nice. And we'll be able to use the GPR and see if, possibly, there's remnants of some type of a tunnel or of a cellar, or some place that he could have used to escape. Leave no stone unturned. NARRATOR: If Kevin and the team can find evidence to support Nate Orlowek's theory that John Wilkes Booth may have faked his own death, it could offer further evidence of an elaborate conspiracy-- one much larger than any of them had previously thought possible. -There's that sign. -Cool. KEVIN: Oh, hey, there's Nate right there. NATE: Well, we are here. This is the sign. BRAD: "The Assassin's End. This is the site of Locust Hill, "Richard Henry Garrett's farm. "Early on the morning of 26 April, 1865, "a 16th New York Cavalry detachment cornered "John Wilkes Booth, "the assassin of President Abraham Lincoln, and his co-conspirator, David E. Herold." They put the sign here because this is where the highway is, but the actual site is into the woods. -You don't believe it? -Nope. Not at all. [laughs] The man we believe was John Wilkes Booth said he was there briefly. He continued on south, and the man who was killed in his place died on this road, and the real John Wilkes Booth died, most likely, in 1903, in Enid, Oklahoma Territory. NARRATOR: According to Nate Orlowek's research, in the years following Abraham Lincoln's assassination, John Wilkes Booth assumed a number of different aliases. After living in both Texas and Oklahoma, he eventually committed suicide by ingesting arsenic, shortly after confessing his true identity. Nate, if you're right, this sign is wrong. Let's get out to that farm site and see what we can find. This is the area, in general, where the farmhouse and the barn was located. Right here? This general area. We don't know precisely, but this is the general area. NARRATOR: Because many at the time believed farmer Richard Garrett to be complicit in Lincoln's assassination, the Garrett family became shunned, and the farm soon fell into decline. For many years, the abandoned property became a destination for curiosity seekers and vandals, until the federal government acquired the land and tore down the remaining structures sometime in the 1950s. If that farm was here, and Booth did escape from this site, it's possible that there was a tunnel that went down and out the side of that hill somewhere. -AL: Yep. -Totally possible. It could be that John Wilkes Booth could have escaped just as those soldiers were showing up. If there was a tunnel, he could have slipped into the tunnel, exited through the woods and been gone. So, if that's a possibility, ground-penetrating radar should find evidence of a tunnel. Say, Lucas, I think we're gonna split up. I'm gonna have Brad and Alex work with you, and, Al, why don't you come with me, and we'll do some scouting up along this ridge here. If you guys see anything on that GPR, -holler out to us, all right? -We will. -We'll shout for ya. -All right. Thanks. Yeah, let's go. NARRATOR: For Kevin Dykstra and his team, a mystery that began with a deathbed confession about a fortune in Confederate gold at the bottom of Lake Michigan has now exploded into what appears to be a vast conspiracy connected to the death of an American president. But as Kevin continues to follow the trail of clues, will peeling back the layers of secrets that have been so well-guarded for more than a century finally reveal the proof that will rewrite American history? [indistinct shouting] Next time on The Curse of Civil War Gold... LUCAS: This is a void. -Like an actual open space? -Mm-hmm. We've got a couple of interesting targets. They're casting some weird shadows. That's about half of a boxcar. KURT HAZARD: This is what was passed on to me. ALEX: Wow. KEVIN: This gold was captured by Jefferson Davis? That seems like the piece of the puzzle fitting together. -I'm getting a bad feeling about these waves today. -AL: Yep. MARTY: This cries out disguise. This was all supposed to be a secret. Subtitled by Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 