The Curse of Civil War Gold: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Curse of Civil War Gold 
 s2e8 - Grave Expectations - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Curse of Civil War Gold (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 8 - Grave Expectations - full transcript 
 Excitement soars when Kevin finally holds gold brought home from the arrest of Jefferson Davis, convincing him that his theory is true. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 -Whoa, look at that. -Oh, yeah. -BRAD: What in the world? -AL: Wow. KURT: My great-great-grandfather was present at the capture of Jefferson Davis. This is what was passed on to me. -Oh, wow. -KEVIN: Oh, wow. Look at that. -I'm getting a bad feeling about these waves today. -AL: Yep. -LUCAS: This is a void. -ALEX: A void? -Like an actual open space? -Mm-hmm. This cries out "disguise." This was all supposed to be a secret. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♪ ♪ KEVIN: We need to really focus and start searching around this area. -Sounds good. -Say, Lucas, I think we're gonna split up. Um, I'm gonna have Brad and Alex work with you, and I think Al and I are gonna head and just do some scouting, -and see what we can find, so... but if you guys find something, -Yeah. Sure. -holler to us, all right? -You bet. Definitely. -Yeah, we'll let you know. NARRATOR: In Port Royal, Virginia, on the site of Garrett's farm, the place where John Wilkes Booth was supposedly cornered and killed following his assassination 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 of President Abraham Lincoln in 1865, treasure hunter Kevin Dykstra, along with his brother Al, researcher Brad Richards and Alex Lagina, the son of Oak Island treasure hunter Marty Lagina, are searching for evidence that might help them prove an incredible theory... that the trail leading to millions of dollars in stolen Confederate gold, supposedly still lying at the bottom of Lake Michigan, may, in some way, be connected to a larger plot. A plot that stretches from the arrest of Jefferson Davis in Irwinville, Georgia, all the way to the White House in Washington, D.C. All right, so just keep your eyes open. You know? Let's see if we can find any footings -or-or anything like that. -All right. KEVIN: We got to find something concrete. AL: Yep. Look at this here. It almost looks like a crick that went down there. -AL: Oh, yeah. -It's almost like a trail. If this was just a washout, it would've went right straight down the ravine, but it kind of curves. -AL: Yeah. -Kind of like a switchback. So, this could've been the main trail up to the farmhouse? Yep. I certainly don't think that they would have built a barn on a slope like this. -Yeah. -You know, I think it could possibly be even up here. -You want to go that way? -Yeah, I think so. All right. NARRATOR: Just two days ago, while waiting for the necessary government permits to search Lake Michigan for a 19th-century boxcar filled with missing Confederate gold, Kevin and members of his team traveled to Washington, D.C. to meet with author and investigative journalist Warren Getler. The story that I've heard is that John Wilkes Booth was just a, like, a rogue Southern sympathizer who executed Abraham Lincoln, but you're saying -that that's not the case. -WARREN: Right. That's the established history, but it's, it's not true. NARRATOR: It was during this meeting that Getler revealed that the mastermind behind the plot to steal the Confederate treasury was most likely Lincoln's secretary of war, Edwin Stanton, and that the gold was intended to finance a coup with links to a secret organization known as the Knights of the Golden Circle. The following day, Kevin and the team met with historian and author Nate Orlowek, who not only confirmed a possible connection between Stanton and John Wilkes Booth, but also shared his theory that Booth wasn't killed during a standoff with Union soldiers at Garrett's farm on April 26, 1865, but, in fact, escaped. Well, for over 45 years, I've been researching the question of whether John Wilkes Booth was killed in Garrett's barn, as the government would have us believe. Our conclusion is that the man killed in Garrett's barn was not John Wilkes Booth. NARRATOR: Acting on this information, Kevin and members of his team, along with ground-penetrating radar expert Lucas Garcia, have come to the site of Garrett's farm in an effort to find evidence of a secret escape route that Booth might have used to evade capture. ALEX: Honestly, this thing gets around the woods pretty good. LUCAS: Yeah, it does. We can go down there, kind of down there a little bit between those trees, maybe? ALEX: Yeah, let's go down through there. BRAD: Are you finding anything? -LUCAS: Nope. -Well, we're covering a lot of ground. -ALEX: Yep. -LUCAS (chuckles): Yep. NARRATOR: Ground-penetrating radar, or GPR, sends high-frequency radio signals into the earth to detect differences in ground composition, as well as large objects or voids, more than ten feet below the surface. BRAD: We sure are seeing first-hand a lot of places and locations of historical value. -Oh, yeah. -You know? I mean, it's pretty cool to think that such a, an important part -of history happened right here. -Yeah. NARRATOR: Because federal law strictly prohibits any kind of excavation or removal of artifacts on government-owned property, Kevin and the team are hoping that if evidence of an escape route or tunnel lies hidden belowground, the GPR device can obtain an image of it. BRAD: The poor Garrett family. You know, this, this ruined their lives, too, because the Northerners hated them for aiding and abetting John Wilkes Booth, and the Southerners hated them -for, uh, giving up John Wilkes Booth. So... -(chuckles): Yeah. -Talk about a no-win. -Yeah. What do you got? You find something? Yeah, I found something pretty interesting. You can kind of see this soil layer, kind of dips down. -ALEX: Yep. -Right here is definitely interesting. I can definitely see that looks it comes-- looks like-- maybe it's like a... Depression of some sort underneath the ground? Depression of some sort, yeah, it's... You can definitely see a break, and then it drops down. -You can see. -ALEX: Yeah, I see that. -BRAD: Oh, wow. -BRAD: What do you think, Alex? -ALEX: Well, it's, it's clearly something. I mean, I don't know really what to make of it. It's obviously an anomaly. LUCAS: It's hard to say. I know there's something there, but I'm not definitive on what it is. ALEX: I think we should keep going. -Yeah. -Yeah. BRAD: Keep moving. NARRATOR: As Brad and Alex continue scanning for signs of a possible tunnel that could have been used by Booth as part of an escape route, on the nearby ridge, Kevin Dykstra and his brother Al are searching for signs of the house and barn that once stood on the property. If they can find any evidence that supports Nate Orlowek's theory that Booth managed to escape, they could possibly rewrite American history. Watch your step. Let's head right up over here. Kind of up by that ridge, right there, -and see. -All right. -Al. -Yo. -What? -What is this? AL: Oh, wow! What the heck is that? I think it's a pitchfork. That's evidence of a farm. NARRATOR: A pitchfork? Could Kevin and Al have found an important clue indicating that they are close to where the barn once stood on the property? And if so, might they also be close to locating a possible escape route or tunnel that John Wilkes Booth could have used to evade capture more than 150 years ago? Brad! Alex! -What? -Come here. You're not gonna believe this. -What do you got? -What do you guys got? -ALEX: Look at that. -BRAD: What in the world? KEVIN: I think-I think it's part of a pitchfork. ALEX: It's clearly an old piece of farming equipment. KEVIN: I believe that that farm was right here, and I think that that pitchfork could have just laid in the ground until the tree started to grow and just brought it right up. -I've never seen anything like that before. -I know. I said the same thing. Now, that's been there for a long time. Some farmer probably got done pitching manure out of the barn, leaned it up against a tree and the tree just kind of grew around it. That was the first indication that we were probably on the site of the barn. I think we're definitely onto something, but I think we need to do some more GPR before we lose all the daylight. -Yeah. -All right. Yeah. -Keep looking. -Yeah, let's go. -Keep searching. NARRATOR: While Kevin and Al resume scouting the ridgeline, Brad and Alex begin scanning the area with GPR technician Lucas Garcia. BRAD: Well, if there was an escape tunnel of some sort, we're certainly at the right spot to try to find one. -Yeah, on the hillside? -Yeah. (GPR beeping) Wait a minute. -That's something. -Mm-hmm. LUCAS: This bre LUCAS: This break right here is definitely interesting. ...Brad Richards and Alex Lagina, along with GPR technician Lucas Garcia, have just made what could be a significant discovery. They are searching for evidence of a tunnel on the former site of the Garrett farm, the place where President Abraham Lincoln's assassin, John Wilkes Booth, was reportedly killed by Union troops on April 26, 1865. LUCAS: It looks like a void. -A void, what do you mean? -We got another area down here. -Like an actual open space? -Mm-hmm. NARRATOR: A void? Could this be proof that Booth did indeed escape by faking his own death at the site in 1865, as researcher Nate Orlowek believes? Although it was widely reported at the time that a man matching the description of John Wilkes Booth was shot inside a burning, smoke-filled barn at Garrett's farm on April 26, 1865, there are some who believe that the man was, in fact, an imposter, and that the real Booth not only survived, but made his way out west. BRAD: With my past experience as a history teacher, it's just jarring to discover these historical facts that don't line up at all with what I was taught in college and high school. You know, it really makes me think, over the past two decades, am I teaching my students the right stories here? Does it look to you like anything man-made? I know you can... you'd have to speculate a little bit. Uh, it could, but I'm not definitive on what it is. Can you tell how tall? About three... about four, four feet down. Well, what do you think about that, Brad? I think we got to call 'em over. Hey, guys! Over here! -What do you got? -Whoa. -What is that? -Hey! -ALEX: We don't know. -AL: Could that be a tunnel? It's a pretty clear depression, or like, almost like a little... a little channel cut. AL: Interesting. -There's no erosion here. -No. It-it could be a tunnel, it could be a hideout. -Um... -Could be a cellar. It could be any number of things. But that is really significant. NARRATOR: Although the team has found scientific evidence of what could be a tunnel, unfortunately, they are not legally allowed to prove or disprove it by digging on the property. However, the possibility that John Wilkes Booth could have escaped from Garrett's farm in 1865 may be further supported by one man's incredible story. In 1907, an attorney by the name of Finis L. Bates began displaying what he claimed to be the mummified corpse of John Wilkes Booth. According to Bates, Booth had led a secret life for decades after his escape in 1865, operating under different aliases both in Texas and Oklahoma. However, in 1903, after reportedly confessing to be the man who murdered President Lincoln, he committed suicide by ingesting arsenic. Bates then acquired the man's remains and began displaying them at carnival shows across the United States. Could the Bates mummy really have been that of John Wilkes Booth? The truth may never be known, as the mummy changed owners several times, until disappearing for good sometime in the 1970s. Descendants of the notorious actor have also attempted to exhume the body that lies buried in Booth's unmarked grave in Baltimore, Maryland, and subject it to DNA testing. But, so far, authorities have denied their requests. One thing's for sure, you know. -Yeah. -Nate led us here, and we're finding definite targets on this site. You know, even if we don't find anything more, this was a worthwhile trip. Oh, yeah. Should we help you break this down? Yeah, that would be great. Thank you. NARRATOR: After nearly a week in Washington, D.C., Kevin Dykstra and his team have heard and seen compelling evidence that their search for Confederate gold on the bottom of Lake Michigan might be connected to a much larger conspiracy than they ever imagined. KEVIN: Nothing took away from my theory. It only added to it. It's like these missing pieces that I felt were there, but didn't know. BRAD: We got to head back to Michigan. -KEVIN: Michigan's been calling us. -(chuckles) FRED: It's good to be back at the workshop. ALEX: Yeah, it is. I haven't been here in a long time. NARRATOR: Two days after returning home from their trip to Washington, D.C., Kevin Dykstra, along with members of his team, gather at his workshop with Alex Lagina to update each other on their recent findings and to discuss critical next steps in Kevin's quest to prove that millions in Confederate gold was brought to Michigan in the years after the Civil War. D.C. was really worthwhile. It-it was. We met with some experts out there. One of them, Warren Getler, this guy, he had so much information on Edwin Stanton, it just blew me away. And then Warren introduced us to another expert. His name was Nate Orlowek. And-and Nate was very knowledgeable on John Wilkes Booth. Yeah, Nate-Nate's information really kind of deepened the conspiracy, uh, that we... -A lot. ...that we think might have happened. It's just great history. -It's terrific history. -It's new history. You know, I think we've brought you guys up to speed on what we've done, but I want to hear more about that house. We did have a pretty incredible find right next door to the Hackley-Hume compound. There are some vaults in the basement. (laughs) Vaults. -(laughing): Oh, my goodness. -Two vaults! NARRATOR: While Kevin, Al, Brad and Alex were in Washington D.C., Frederick J. Monroe and Jeff Zehr were invited to visit the 19th-century home that was once owned by local attorney Chauncey Chaddock. JEFF: What in the world are these doing down here? I've never had an answer for it. FRED: Well, I think we know the answer. Vaults and gold go hand-in-hand together in my book. So tell me what these vaults were like. They were big, and they could hold a lot of money. And the research also showed that the relationship that Chaddock had with Charles Hackley. They were business partners together. What was the time frame on that house being built? -The 1870s. -I wonder if those guys built that house, put those vaults in there... And then they built the two mansions next door to it. I don't think anybody would believe that those bank vaults weren't built purposely -to house that gold. -It's incredible. NARRATOR: According to Kevin Dykstra's theory, -when members of the 4th Michigan Cavalry... -(gunfire) ...who were acting on orders that originated from Edwin Stanton arrested Jefferson Davis in Irwinville, Georgia, on the morning of May 10, 1865, they confiscated six wagons filled with gold, silver and jewels, a portion of which remained in the Confederate treasury at the end of the Civil War. The treasure was hidden for five years before being smuggled by the railway system to Michigan, where lumber tycoon Charles Hackley began laundering it in local banks. Chauncey Chaddock acted as Hackley's attorney in his banking ventures, and also lived next door to Hackley and Hackley's business partner, Thomas Hume. So, Hackley and Chaddock clearly worked together. Hackley needed some help, needed to hide some gold, therefore, he had this friend, Chaddock, who he likely could trust. Here's an opportunity to build a house for him and, uh, store some gold. This was all supposed to be a secret. Well, guys, that's- that's huge information because I'd always had that question: what did they do with that gold and silver? Because they needed a staging area for it, and I think you guys have found it. To find out that Fred and Jeff may have found the vaults that were storing that gold and silver for Charles Hackley, that's huge. The only thing that we haven't seen is a gold bar. That's a huge find, you know. We've had so many revelations because of other people's research. A fella just recently reached out to me. His name is Kurt Hazard. He lives right here in Muskegon, and his great-great-grandfather, Elijah Hazard, was serving with the 4th Michigan Cavalry, and was at the capture site down in Georgia when they apprehended Jefferson Davis. -Man... -No kidding. And there are some things that his great-great-grandfather brought home that we all need to see. -Like what? -No kidding. Did he give you a hint? Did he give you a hint? -He didn't say. -That's pretty cool. Yeah, this could be-- I mean, it could be a pretty big breakthrough. This could be-- You know, we could get a-a firsthand account of what actually took place. I would love to sit down with him and, you know, hear the stories that he's got, and maybe see what he has to show us. This is priceless. KEVIN: I'm very excited to hear what he has to share. And I hope the information that he shares with me really helps propel this theory forward. But I'm also in the back of my mind wondering, he-he may have some information that may detract from my theory as well. You know, Al, why don't you, I, and Alex go visit with Kurt and see what he's got? -Yeah. -I think we've got our marching orders. Let's go find some gold. BRAD: That's right. Muskegon, Michigan... This is what was passed on to me.own KEVIN: I am really excited to meet Kurt Hazard. ...Kevin Dykstra, along with his brother, Al, and Alex Lagina, are on their way to a meeting with Kurt Hazard, a man who claims to be a direct descendent of a member of the 4th Michigan Cavalry, the military regiment that arrested Jefferson Davis on May 10, 1865. -Where are we gonna meet him? -Uh, we're gonna meet him at the Hackley Administration Building. It was built by Hackley as a high school, I believe, with some of the Confederate gold that was carried by Jefferson Davis at the capture. This isn't what I would call written-down history. This is family history. And I think there's a-a special place for stories that have been handed down from generation to generation to generation. It's like they dodged the history books. Well, if you're looking for missing gold, the story's not gonna be in the history books, right? -Right, right. -KEVIN: Good point. Well, here... Here we are right here. NARRATOR: Although mainstream historians claim that Davis had little to nothing of value with him at the time of his arrest, Kevin has recently been made aware of firsthand accounts that not only did Davis escape with millions in Confederate treasure, but that a number of other wagons filled with gold had also managed to escape. Today, it is Kevin's hope that Kurt Hazard will provide him the evidence he needs to prove that his theory concerning millions in stolen Confederate gold is true. KEVIN: To have somebody that close to where I live, who has a relative who was there at the capture site... I can't tell you how excited I am. Kurt. Finally. -Yeah, nice to meet you. -Nice to meet you. -Thanks for showing up. -Sure. Well, this is exciting for us, Kurt. KURT: Well, this is exciting for me as well. Um, I heard about your theories, and I thought there's a definite tie-in with my family history. I found out that my great-great-grandfather, Elijah C. Hazard, served in the 4th Michigan, -which, obviously, is what you've been following. -Uh-huh. I have a list of the soldiers from Michigan that served in the Civil War, as far as what company. Right here clearly lists Elijah C. Hazard and it shows that he was in Company C of the 4th Michigan Cavalry. KEVIN: Elijah C. Hazard, yeah. -He's here. -AL: That's solid. So also, I found out through the obituary of my great-great-grandfather that he was wounded... -Hmm. -...in the capture of Jefferson Davis at the very end of the war. NARRATOR: In the early hours of May 10, 1865, as Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin Pritchard led a detachment of the 4th Michigan Cavalry toward Jefferson Davis's campsite from the southeast... a second Union attachment from the 1st Wisconsin Cavalry was approaching from the North. -(men shouting) -NARRATOR: Suddenly, a firefight ensued and two members of the 4th Michigan Cavalry were killed, while several others on both sides were injured before the 4th Michigan ultimately made the arrest of Davis. Although the incident was later reported as an unfortunate case of friendly fire, is it possible that Pritchard ordered his men to shoot anyone who might interfere with his efforts to capture Davis and the gold? Even if it meant firing on Union troops? KURT: As far as that goes, there was some... gold. Which was passed down... to the family. It's been in the family the whole time. KEVIN: You believe that this gold was the gold -that was captured with Jefferson Davis? -KURT: I mean, I think that's completely plausible that that's, that's where that came from. -Is there any way we can see them? -Definitely. This is what was passed down to me. And this is the pouch that it was in. -AL: That's the original pouch? -To my knowledge, it's always been in there. For my entire life, it's always been in here. And... -Oh, wow. -Oh, wow. -Look at that. -Wow. AL: No kidding. -That's a big chunk of gold. -AL: Yeah, that's a big chunk. KURT: There was one other item that was with this, which I don't have right now. But there was a two cent coin. Um, what year? -1864. -Is it your belief that that coin and this was all together -from your great-great- grandfather at the capture? -KURT: I-- Yes. I mean, he wasn't a prospector or a gold miner. -He was at the captures. -And he was at the capture site. I mean, that-that seems like the piece of the puzzle fitting together. -Can I pick it up? -Certainly. Most definitely. NARRATOR: Actual gold? Brought home from the arrest of Jefferson Davis by a member of the 4th Michigan Cavalry? -Boy, that's heavy. -AL: Yeah. NARRATOR: Could Kevin Dykstra finally be looking at proof that his theory is true? KEVIN: Never would I have thought that somebody would reach to me and show me gold that came from the capture of Jefferson Davis, right in my hometown. He blew me away. Crazy. Kind of nice to have some confirmation, isn't it? KEVIN: Yeah, did you ever think you'd be holding a piece of gold that was most likely transported by Jefferson Davis? Well, I've been diving like a crazy person to do just this. -(laughter) -Yeah. (chuckles) ALEX: It's interesting, the shape it's in. The fact that it seems to have been... -Melted? -...either melted or, you know, something. -KEVIN: Significant. -There must be a reason for that. -AL: Right. Yeah. -This piece in particular... ...actually has an edge in there that's folded over that looks like a coin edge. Oh, you think that was a coin at one time? I... I mean, it's a definite possibility. I mean, I don't know if you can see it with a bare eye. -KEVIN: Yeah, that's what it was. -KURT: You see, you see. -AL: It was. That was a coin. -That was a coin. -KURT: That's... NARRATOR: A possible gold coin? But if so, why would it have been altered to disguise its identity? So... were they nervous they had so much coinage that they just tried to... -AL: Crush 'em? -...crush 'em and, and disguise it? AL: I think they would crush the smaller gold pieces up and destroy it so that it's still worth its weight in gold, but they can't identify where it came from. AL: I'm just so curious how he got that. Was it given to him? Did he take it? Speculation on my part, but if he was wounded... towards the end there... it might have been some sort of... -AL: Payment. -...payment. NARRATOR: Local resident Kurt Hazard has just presented Kevin Dykstra, his brother Al and Alex Lagina with gold that he believes his great-great-grandfather took from the site of Jefferson Davis's arrest in Irwinville, Georgia on May 10, 1865. You think, possibly, he was given this gold and said, "Elijah, here. This is your portion of it, don't say a word." Not to share. -Right. And there was no story... -KEVIN: Yeah. -...passed on with it. -KEVIN: So is it your belief that this is the only gold that your great-great-grandfather had? Well, there's, there's a definite possibility that that pouch was full. I mean... it's... an awful big pouch for three pieces of gold. -KEVIN: Yeah. -(men chuckle) NARRATOR: Could Kurt Hazard's notion be true? Is this gold just a portion of what his great-great- grandfather was given to buy his silence about millions of dollars more that members of the 4th Michigan Cavalry took from Jefferson Davis in 1865 and later helped to launder with Muskegon business tycoon, Charles Hackley? $140 million of which Kevin believes to be lying somewhere on the bottom of Lake Michigan today. ALEX: Having this and holding this in my hand is-is really cool. This is really great evidence. What are the odds that we've got somebody that was in the 4th Michigan at the capture, brings gold back to Muskegon, of all places. It's, it's almost a long shot for it to be anything but. -KEVIN: Yeah. -KURT: Right. It's hard to come up -with another explanation of, of... -KEVIN: Yeah. -...how he came to have that. -Right. -KEVIN: I agree. KEVIN: It did say, you know, that Davis was carrying gold specie. There was... -60 kegs of silver coins. -Mm-hmm. Um, gold bullion... um, jewelry, gold and silver jewelry, so... I think what we're looking at here is a piece of the gold that was carried with Jefferson Davis. Kurt Hazard's story and Kurt Hazard's gold that came from his great-great-grandfather, validates my research in a way that I never even dreamed of. To have something come in from the sidelines going, "You're right... gold did make it to Muskegon." Eight years of research is now validated. I think Marty would really be excited if we could put gold in his hand. Would you be willing to... head up to Traverse City with us tomorrow -and show Marty Lagina this gold? -Sure, most definitely. Okay, I can't thank you enough for bringing -that gold here; that was huge for us. -KURT: Yeah. ALEX: I'm looking forward to what -my dad's gonna say, honestly. -AL: I'm curious. ♪ ♪ NARRATOR: One day after their incredible meeting in Muskegon... -BRAD: Awesome place. -AL: Two years to build it. NARRATOR: Kevin Dykstra, his brother Al, Brad Richards and Kurt Hazard have traveled approximately 130 miles north to Traverse City, Michigan, to meet with Marty Lagina-- Kevin's financial partner-- at the Lagina's winery to share with him the potentially game-changing evidence that Kurt showed them the previous day. Hey. Marty, how are you? Hi, Kevin. How in the heck are you? Oh, nice. Great to see you. -And you got Bad Brad with you and Al. -Hey, Marty. Yeah. KEVIN: Marty Lagina's a data guy. He's a numbers guy. When it comes to showing him gold that was at the capture of Jefferson Davis, I think it's gonna help bolster Marty's believe in my project. All right, Kevin. You were pretty excited on the phone. -Pretty eager. -And, and, and I still am. I, uh, you know, when we were here last, you, you gave us some pretty -explicit instructions. -Yes. MARTY: Well, you've done a great job of research, but what can you put in my hand or let me touch? Get out there and find it. NARRATOR; Last year, after Marty Lagina agreed to finance a search for lost Civil War gold at the bottom of Lake Michigan... Kevin and his team have found some compelling evidence, including possible video of a gold bar -at the bottom of the lake... -KEVIN: Right there. NARRATOR: ...as well as silver Confederate coins discovered both at the Jefferson Davis capture site in Irwinville, Georgia... GARY: That is a silver -Confederate coin. -(laughter) NARRATOR; ...and in the yard of Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin Pritchard's 19th-century Michigan home. -BRAD: Hey, hey, hey, it's a coin. -(detector beeping) NARRATOR: But tangible evidence of actual gold has eluded them. That is... until now. -This is Kurt Hazard here. -Mm-hmm. He has a... a powerfully interesting story and some artifacts I think you're really gonna be impressed with. Well, uh, I do have something to show you. -Mm-hmm? -KURT: And... my great-great-grandfather was Elijah C. Hazard and he was a member of the 4th Michigan Cavalry. And was present at the capture -of Jefferson Davis. -Wow. What I have to show you today... ...is some gold that was passed down through the family from him directly. MARTY: Well, I'd say... that is gold, for sure. And it is in my hand, isn't And it is in my hand, isn't it? NARRATOR: ...Kevin Dykstra, along with Alex Lagina, members of the team, and Muskegon resident Kurt Hazard, have just presented Marty Lagina with actual gold that was obtained by Kurt's great-great-grandfather during the arrest of Jefferson Davis in 1865. MARTY: And it's also nuggets, -I mean, or been melted. -Been-- yeah. And one is interesting. It looks like a crushed-up coin. MARTY: It does. Tell me more. According to my family research, Elijah C. Hazard was wounded at the capture of Jefferson Davis. What I have... this is a copy from one newspaper of his obituary. And, uh, what it states is that, uh, "He was wounded during the capture of former "rebel president Jefferson Davis, this disability finally bringing him to his deathbed." -Oh? -To me that.. -It was serious. -It was serious. -Yeah. -He passed away-- it was several years later, 1890, but it sounds like he had never fully recovered from that. As I say, it referred to him as being "crippled -for 14 years," so... -That's what it says there? -Yeah, it says that he was... -Could I see it? -Oh, certainly. -Kurt's story, if it was just a story, wouldn't really get my attention, but it has validity to it. This contemporary obituary verifies that his great-great-grandfather was at the capture of Jefferson Davis, was in the Michigan regiment that we know was there, was disabled, and he ends up with a pouch with a few pieces of disfigured gold. This cries out "disguise." You don't usually take a-a full ounce of gold, -which is what this feels like. -Right. -It's either in a coin or it's in jewelry, -Something. -or it's in its native state, it's a nugget. -This is none of those things, I would say. -KURT: Right. We know his grandfather has no reason to have this gold other than the fact that he was at the capture -of Jefferson Davis. -Mm-hmm. It is a logical conclusion, it might not be the only one. -The-- Okay, I'll-I'll... -But it is definitely a logical-- and it might be the best one. Has it got friends at the bottom of Lake Michigan? -(chuckling) -AL: Probably bigger ones. -It's definitely got some cousins down there. -Yeah. This isn't what I meant when I said I wanted gold in my hand. I wanted gold from Lake Michigan or gold with a Confederate seal on it, or... you know, something that proves this theory. But having said that, this is a reasonable proxy or a reasonable step towards that, because, like, you know, I have to say it's significant. What else have you got cooking? We've seen some real interesting, um, evidence that the assassination of Abraham Lincoln can be involved in this as well. That's not something that I was looking for when I started, but as these stories keep getting brought to us, -compelling information about that... -You think this could be tied to Lincoln's assassination? I'm fairly certain that the assassination of Abraham Lincoln could be involved with what we're dealing with here with the missing gold. That would, that would bring it up -a whole nother level, wouldn't it? -Mm-hmm. -Yes, it would. -(chuckling): At least a whole 'nother level. -Yes, it would. -Okay, well, keep me informed on that. Okay, so what's next? -On the lake? -Yeah, on the lake. Well, we've been working with the state, and we're right now just waiting for the response back to see what direction they want to go... -Okay. -...with the permits we need, but we're having a little bit of a struggle. We, um, we have not located what we believe is a gold bar just yet. We know we're in the area. Unfortunately, I don't think it's gonna be that easy. What is that? NARRATOR: Although a sonar scanning operation just three weeks ago detected a large object near the debris field, Kevin and the team are currently waiting for permits to explore on the lake bottom. Seasonally harsh weather conditions have so far prevented them from diving down to determine just what it is. I think it's just getting too wild out here. It's a cowboy ride. Holy (bleep)! We-we were both hoping you'd dive right down onto it, right? We were hoping. We know that lake bottom shifts. -Of course. -That sand is changing all the time. MARTY: He needs to get back in the water yesterday. Look, the-- a storm comes up and the sand shifts, and it's all over, perhaps. I mean, you know, you're not allowed to actually dig yet. So they need to get down there while they can see them. They need to get down there now. We're running out of time. Well, gentlemen, I think we've come as far as we can today. So I really appreciate it. -Pleasure to meet you, sir, yeah. -Most definitely. You as well. -Kevin. -(chuckles) Al, and Bad Brad... BRAD: (chuckles) Good to see you, Marty. MARTY: Get back out there! Bring me some more news. And-And it would be, it would be very nice to have another thing put in my hand. KEVIN: We're working on it. NARRATOR: One day after their meeting with Alex and Marty Lagina in Traverse City, Michigan... -KEVIN: Lake Michigan, here we come. -AL: About time. NARRATOR: ...Kevin Dykstra and his brother Al have traveled some 40 miles west to the marina on Lake Michigan -in the town of Frankfort. -Well, let's hope this time with Brian, we can get some work done. -Yeah. -I mean, it would be great if he could direct us onto those targets that are down there. NARRATOR: They are eager to work once again with underwater imaging expert Brian Abbott to resume dive operations on Lake Michigan in search of a 19th-century boxcar and a reported $140 million in missing Confederate gold. -KEVIN: Here's the marina. -AL: I'm ready to get back in there. KEVIN: It's very exciting to be back in Frankfort and return to the search, return to the hunt, if you will. The anticipation I feel today of finding the proof that there is gold bars laying at the bottom of Lake Michigan is very strong. Let's get this underway. AL: Let's see what we get.s g. AL: Let's see what we get. NARRATOR: ...treasure hunter Kevin Dykstra and his brother Al have arrived at the marina to resume dive operations on Lake Michigan in search of a fortune in stolen Confederate gold. Kind of curious, though, about that object -that appeared on the sector scan. -Yeah. -Hey, guys. -BRIAN: Hey, man. NARRATOR: Joining Kevin and Al once again -for today's operation... -How's everybody? -Brian. -NARRATOR: ...are dive master Frederick J. Monroe, underwater imaging expert Brian Abbott, and boat captain Luke Springstead. Well, here we are again. What have we got? We've got a couple of interesting targets. Why don't you come back here and take a look at? Tell me what you think. NARRATOR: After further processing the sonar data collected from their most recent operation, Brian Abbott has been able to generate an even clearer picture of the object they detected. They're casting some weird shadows on the ground, and... -Can you measure that once real quick? -Absolutely. So, if we come here this way across, we're just about a little over 12 feet depending on the direction that you go. We went east-west, now we'll go north-south. Uh, we're at six and a half feet, roughly, depending on how you measure it. That's about half of a boxcar. NARRATOR: Late 19th-century boxcars were designed to be 36 feet long by seven feet wide. However, since it is probable that when the boxcar was pushed off the ferry that it was being transported on it likely could've exploded upon impact with the lake bottom... ...could it be possible that Kevin and the team have finally found a section of the missing boxcar? And if so, could they also be close to locating a fortune in missing Confederate gold? I think they're very interesting targets. I think they're something that we need to put divers on. KEVIN: Will you be able to put us -right back on that spot? -Yeah. Absolutely. -Excellent. -Yep. Luke, we can probably fire the engines up, -and get this thing headed out there. -Absolutely. -(engine starting) -And we're off! KEVIN: Everything look good, Captain Luke? Sure does. Hey... looks like we got some swells. And they're crashing over the wall pretty good. That's not looking good. When the boat is at the dock in the marina, it's always usually pretty calm. But when we start taking that boat away from the dock and head out to the big lake, that's when you start to see those waves. And once they start crashing over that pier, you really have to be on your A game. -Yeah, why don't we get life jackets on? -All right. NARRATOR: The fact that the weather conditions are currently creating waves as high as eight feet is a devastating development. It means that the dive operation Kevin and the team hoped for today may be over before it even has the chance to begin. Is that hatch closed or is that window closed up there? Hatches are closed. I'm getting a bad feeling about these waves today. AL: Yep. I am, too. If they're this big right here, they're gonna be bigger out there. More treacherous is the frequency of them. -They're very close together. -KEVIN: Hang on. Oh, wow. Oh, yeah. There ain't no way. Can't put a tripod down in this. Let alone recover it. You guys watch it back there, okay? -Hang on. -AL: Man, these are huge! KEVIN: It's very depressing, having all these resources at our disposal but yet being so dependent on the weather. I know Marty is gonna be disappointed, and I'm totally worried we're running out of time to find that gold on the bottom of the lake. -All right. Why don't you have Luke turn us around? -BRIAN: Yeah. KEVIN: There you go, Luke. Let's go. I'll never give up on this mission. There's no turning back. Come hell or high water, we're gonna exhaust every option to get out there and find what's on the bottom of that lake. We'll find it. I know it's there. NARRATOR: For Kevin Dykstra and his team, an eight-year quest to find a legendary boxcar at the bottom of Lake Michigan has now become a battle against nature itself. But after finally obtaining the tangible evidence that could prove his theory-- that a vast conspiracy to steal and launder millions in Confederate gold-- is true, has his time to find it now run out? Or will his only chance to unlock the final secrets of one of the greatest mysteries in American history require him to go further and risk much more than he ever bargained for? Next time on The Curse of Civil War Gold... We don't have much time left. If we have to bring in a professional diver, so be it. KEVIN: I need to be able to show Marty proof. Let me know when you get to the bottom. KEVIN: The stakes are really high. What is that? -There's another one. -How many did you see total? -Four or five. -Holy... MARTY: Am I seeing what I think I'm seeing here? Subtitled by Diego Moraes www.oakisland.tk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 