Burden of Truth: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Burden of Truth 
 s1e7 - Ducks on the Pond - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Burden of Truth (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Ducks on the Pond - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on Burden of Truth. - I believe the girls suffer from conversion disorder. - You were supposed to link the benzene to the girls' symptoms, not come up with a new theory. - So Steve, someone you were close with, committed suicide and the tremors started after that, right? - You're David Hanley's daughter? - Yeah. (grunting) - Can you think of anyone who might wanna do this? - CTS, my old law firm. It's over. Enjoy your cure. - How do you know when a lawyer's lying? Their lips are moving. (laughter) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - So, you're not going to court? You're actually giving up on the case? - I'm not giving up. There is no case. - I didn't think you were a quitter, Joanna. - We can't win with what we have. - At least show up. Billy's going to throw up a hail Mary and he needs help. - Hail Mary's aren't exactly my style. - We built the entire case around the barrels in the field and now you're telling me you think it's conversion disorder? - I just know what we can prove and what we can't. The truth and legal proof are not the same thing. Every time that we say benzene, they're gonna argue conversion. It's gonna confuse a jury. - So? You can explain it in a way they'll understand. - Whenever there are two alternate theories, people will always believe 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the most convenient one. The one that doesn't come at a price. Conversion disorder absolves the Mill and it saves Millwood. - I'll be in the truck. - He will get over it. - Dr. Williams, what are the steps involved in diagnosing conversion disorder? - Objection, Your Honour. Our expert has already provided a full explanation in the motion materials. - I think it's important for us to understand the steps. - Be brief, Counselor Crawford. - Thank you. Alright. So, take me through it. A patient walks into your office. Now what? - We look for symptoms of altered motor function not better explained by other medical or mental disorders. - So conversion disorder is a diagnosis of exclusion. The first thing you have to do is prove it's not something else. - Yes, but there are several mitigating factors... - Our medical expert will testify that the symptoms were caused by exposure to a toxic chemical, most likely benzene, which was found buried in the girls' athletic field. - This is not a case of poisoning. It is conversion disorder. - Is that all for this witness, counsel? - Not even close, Your Honour. ♪ ♪ ♪ - Since I got here, some random person punched me at the bar, someone broke into our office, and I was attacked in my motel room. - Hm. Not exactly a stellar homecoming. - I just need to know which of these things is related to the case and what is... - Personal. - Yeah. - OK. First, I'd make two columns. Professional and personal. The office break-in: definitely professional. Motel attack likely too. You're going after the Mill. - And what about when you said to me that you thought you'd never see a Hanley step foot in town again? - My stepdad used to call David Hanley the Grim Reaper. Someone you'd never want knocking on your door. We used to live just down by the water along Front. My stepdad built our house himself. Then, one day, your father knocks on the door with legal papers. Bulldozers right behind him. - Riverside Park. - Mm-hmm. My stepdad refused to sign and your old man got him fired. Eventually, he lost the house to the bank and we ended up in an apartment the other side of Willow Road. - I'm sorry. - Wasn't just us. Seems like everyone in town has a David Hanley story. None of them have happy endings. - He always told me he was a town solicitor. Doing wills and trusts. - I can see you're working hard not to be like him. - And failing at it. - Yeah. Gotta get to work. - Owen. Wait. What about the punch? - Lots of people get punched at The Boot. They don't even need a reason. - Ahem. - Alright. I know who, but I don't know why. Her name's Amy Carr. - You got an address for me? - Doctor, a differential diagnosis is simply when two different things can be mistaken for each other. - Yes. - According to this textbook, Conversion disorder is often confused with Parkinson's, mood disorders, and can you read that last entry at the bottom there? - Toxic poisoning. - So, the differential diagnosis for the symptoms exhibited by these girls is toxic poisoning. Your Honour, we have a legitimate issue on which experts disagree. It requires a trial, discovery and a decision by the trier of fact. - Opposing counsel's argument is speculative and not plausible. There is no evidence to tie the symptoms to toxic poisoning. We have provided a medically supported explanation for the plaintiff's symptoms. We ask the court to uphold our motion to dismiss the case against Matheson Steel and P and I. - Counselor Crawford. You don't have enough here. The court rules in favour of the motion to strike. The case is dismissed. - Thank you. - What the hell happened? - We just lost the case. - Ladies. Listen, your lawyer lost in there, but you won. Now we can focus on your treatment. - My mom says that your treatment is not covered by insurance. - No, listen, don't you worry about that, OK? I am not leaving here until you get better. It's not gonna cost you a cent. - Are you serious? - Absolutely. This case has been a distraction to all of you girls. It's time we find a cure. All you need to do is sign this, and we can get back at it as soon as possible. - A non-disclosure agreement? - Shouldn't we get Billy to look this over first? - This is a standard NDA. My services normally come at a premium rate, but I can't afford to treat everyone for free. Just you girls. The only thing that I ask for is a small amount of discretion. That's all. That's great. Listen, it's been a long day. You should get some rest. We're gonna get you well. (whistling) - Beckbie. Been thinking about that mystery vehicle of yours, from the other night at the motel. - Why? Something turn up? - No, just... just a real shame that the plates got written down wrong. - Yeah. Breaking and entering, assault, and we got nothing. I'd chalk that up as a shame. - Yeah, well, you'll have plenty of time to investigate on all the data banks. - What are you talking about? - You didn't read the schedule? Your chariot awaits. - Desk duty? - I'll be back in a couple hours. If you don't mind, make sure there's a fresh pot of coffee on, alright, buds? Thanks. - Sam! (girl coughing) - I'll set up an appointment with Dr. Williams right away. You got mail. From the university. - What makes you think that doctor will stick around when the case is over? - Doesn't matter. We'll go to him. Whatever the cost. Are you gonna open that? Taylor, Dr. Williams can help you. You're going to get better. OK? Come on. Cheer up. We won. - Is this what winning feels like? - So, I was looking into the academics at McGill today. They have pre-law. - Pre-law's just an undergrad degree. - So you've looked into it? - I don't wanna get ahead of myself 'cause I haven't even been accepted yet. - Yeah, but you will. Are you doing okay? - I think so. How's it going with Dr. Williams? - Good. I stopped twitching. Got my cleats on, been kicking the ball around a little bit. - Are you sure that's safe? - I feel okay. I feel better than okay. Went for a run yesterday. All the way to the bridge and back. - Well, don't push yourself. It's not worth it. - If I lose my scholarship, I can't afford to go to school. - We'll figure it out. We always do. You taste like cherry. Where's the candy, Ross? Shh, shh... Molly. Hey. - Yeah? - Hi. I'm looking for Amy Carr. - Amy's my sister. She's at work. You're gonna have to come back later. - I just need a minute. - OK. You gotta make it quick, I gotta show a house in 20 minutes. - Your sister, uh, punched me a while back. I'm just wondering why. - Come in. - You're in real estate? - Yeah. Selling a three-bedroom house to new parents who just want out of the city. She shouldn't have hit you. - It healed. - Yeah, well, I'm sorry she did that. That would've been my fault. - Sorry? - She only hit you because of me. She doesn't like it when people hurt me, I guess. - But, I didn't... hurt you. I don't even know you. - Not you. Um... I used to work at the Golf Club. - Oh God. - Behind the bar, you know. You can make some pretty great money if you're young and pretty. And I was. Men would stick around long after their rounds, you know, the sad guys with the lame jokes and the comb-overs and the sad stories, and... all competing for my attention. - And my father was one of them? - No. He... he was softer. He was nice. He listened. - Or he was good at pretending he was. - Yeah. He told me I could do anything and he was gonna help. Told me I was special. I would never normally fall for that crap, but with him, I don't know. I liked him. I knew he was married. Our kid would've been older now than I was back then. I had an abortion. I was just a kid too. It's just one of those things. - Is there anything I... Can I help? With anything? - You know how you can help? Wish me luck with the Martins. They've got a baby on the way and I'm pretty sure that I just found the perfect spot for them. Look, this is just the way life goes. Right? And I'm doing pretty okay right now. - OK. Good luck. Excuse me. OK. (alarm blaring) - Stop. I'm not here to cause trouble. (alarm stops) - Then what do you want? - Crawford lost the case. - I wish I could say I was surprised. - So that's just it then? - The last time one of your pals tried to take me on, it didn't go so well for him. You want to try me? - You were so close. - I can do it. You don't need to cook for me. - It's not really cooking. It's mac and cheese. What? - You're twitching again, even with the new treatment. When do you think we admit that this might be a longer fight? - Yeah, you're right. You hear from McGill yet? - No. Not yet. - When did you start lying to me? - I'm not. - I got my letter saying that the soccer scholarship's off the table, so... - Molly. - I know you got yours. - I didn't open it, OK? I don't want to know yet. - You get in. Are you going? - No. - You're going. I know what a big deal this is for you. You're too smart to be stuck here. What if I never get better? If you stay, you'll just resent me, and I can't handle that on top of everything else. - What about us? - I don't know. You'll feel like an ass for five minutes and then you'll forget about me. - Five minutes? Is that how you feel about me? - We're eighteen. It's not like we were gonna make it. So go ahead. You have my permission. (bell jingling) - I'm not ready to give up. - We don't have a choice. - There must be something else we can file. You can't just leave Molly to fight this on her own. - I'm not leaving her anywhere. And you? - So what do we do now, huh? - I need to fix this, like, yesterday. I got my hopes up that Williams could help her. Even with all the warning signs, his stupid hypnosis, testifying for the defense, making Molly sign that non-disclosure agreement... - Molly signed something? This is the first time I'm hearing about it. - Yeah, well. It's too late now anyways. - Maybe not. Dr. Williams. - Mr. Crawford. Did we have an appointment that I forgot about? - No. I just wanted to talk to you about my niece, Molly. - Of course. Molly and I have agreed to work together on her recovery. - She said you had her sign something. I just... I'd like to take a look at it. - I'm sorry, but that's privileged. I'm sure you understand. - Look, as her lawyer, it's in Molly's best interest for me to review everything related to her recovery. - Your niece has enlisted my help with that recovery. To that end, I must make sure that anything pertaining to her treatment remains strictly confidential. - Just let me see the document. Unless you got something to hide. - I think I've made myself clear. If you'll excuse me. - I didn't know they could take away a university acceptance. - The offers can be conditional on your final marks. - I worked so hard, Ms. Evans. You know me. - You're one of our best students. - But I sat down in my economics final and I... I couldn't remember anything. I've never failed a test in my life. - We're going to fix this. - How? - You can retake your finals, and then you can reapply to university in the fall. - It wasn't just that I didn't know the answer. I didn't understand the question. - The school is legally obligated to provide alternative ways to evaluate disabled students. - Is that what I am? - We can look it up together. But you do have a brain injury. - I write everything down now. I take pictures and I make audio messages. Sometimes I get dressed and I leave the house and I have no idea where I'm going. This isn't conversion disorder. - Hey. I've been trying to reach you. - I know. I'm sorry. I've been working on something today. - Billy said you're off the case. Let me know before you disappear again. I'd like to have a proper goodbye this time. - You asked me what happened to me. Why... why we left so fast. - Yeah. - I might've just found out. I think I was better off not knowing. My dad's sins caught up to him. That's why we left. It didn't matter who he hurt, as long as he got to have his perfect life. - Do you want to get a drink? I could really use a friendly ear, and from the looks of it, you could too. - I have to go. Raincheck? - Another raincheck. - Since I got here, I've been punched in the face, had threatening phone calls and been attacked in my hotel room. I'm not going anywhere. So if you have something to say to me, say it. - Sounds like you're getting the message. - No. I think there's something else you've been wanting to tell me. The truth about Matheson Steel that's been eating away at you. (chuckling) - I got nothing to say to you. - Truth's gonna come out. Maybe you want to be on the right side when it does. - That was insane. - Don't ever do that. (slow romantic music) - Cheers. What? - No smartass comment? You know, if you wanted to gloat, now would be the time. We lost the case. Mill's off the hook. You'll probably get your job back. - Way I see it, you kinda did me a favour. Always hated that job, but never had the stones to up and quit. Kid to support and all that. (laughing softly) Seems like she's the one supporting me these days. - Luna's been a big help. She's smart. She works hard. - Molly's not half bad either. She's lucky to have you. Her own dad's a real sack of crap, as you well know. - Well, if it's true what they say about girls marrying their fathers, then Wendy never stood a chance. (laughing) - Good thing Luna's gay then, because her dad is... - It's probably none of my business, but how did you and David... - You're right. It is none of your business. Not friends of yours, I take it. - No. You're staying here. - What? No. - Anybody could've sent that text. - And that's exactly why you can't go alone. - No, that's exactly why you're gonna stay here as lookout. Anything off, you text me. - Fine. (suspenseful music) - Hello? - Didn't think you'd actually be stupid enough to come out here alone. Don't worry, I'm not gonna hurt you. - You wanna tell me what's going on? - When you went to the farm, I thought to myself, good, we'll finally get some justice. - Southvale Farms? That farm was a dead end. - The animals were a dead end. You should have been looking at the son. - Steve Magnus? - He killed himself 'cause he was twitching. (soft music) - They're buying drinks for the guys who just signed this town's death warrant. - That's maybe a bit much, don't you think? - No, I don't. - You honestly think it's the mill? - I know it is. - OK then. What are we gonna do about it? - We? There's not much we can do. Unless I can get inside of that doctor's bag. - What are you talking about? - Some document he had Molly sign. - Twitching's only presented in girls. If Steve had it, that destroys the conversion disorder theory. - I coached him. He wasn't a bad second baseman. Always cracked his knuckles before a game. I thought it was nerves. His grandma had Parkinson's. He watched her lose control of her body. He heard it ran in the family. Scared the hell out of him. - You're saying that Steve had Parkinson's? - I'm saying it's what he thought. I noticed he cracked his knuckles a lot more, so I asked him what he was so nervous about. And he showed me. He wasn't nervous. He was twitching. Made me swear not to say anything. But if I'd known... - I'm sorry. - I'm not a doctor, but when the kid tells me he has Parkinson's, I believe him. The symptoms matched. - But when you saw the girls? - I knew. This crap about it being in their heads, it's a load of bull. Trust me. - I don't have conversion disorder. Something is wrong with me. - Who've you been talking to? - Look, maybe you can say that the tremors are conversion disorder, but this is more than that. At church camp, I was the on... I was the only one who knew all the lyrics to the books of the bible song. Remember? - You sang it every day for a year. I remember. - Well, now I bet I couldn't even name four. Something's wrong with me. Something's really wrong with me. - Sweetheart, a person's brain changes more in their late teens than it does ever again. It's... growing. - It's not growing, Dad. It's dying. I'm not the same person anymore. - Sweetheart... I know you're hurting, OK? My little doodlebug. - Someone poisoned me. - I would never do that to you. - Promise me. - Sweetheart, I would never hurt you. Or anyone. I promise. - Peace offering. - I'm good. - Come on. It's a tradition at CTS. When a case goes south, we open a bottle of icewine. A little sweet with the sour. - No, thank you. - Yeah. Yeah, I don't think the bartender understood what I meant when I said icewine. No hard feelings. - You should go back to your table. - It's just a case, Crawford. You win some, you lose some. That's the game. - This isn't a game to me. - Never take a case you care about. It's a rookie move. Is it Joanna that's got you so upset? 'Cause I know she left you high and dry, but that's just her M.O. Don't take it personally. (exclamations) - If you knew all this, why d'you sit on it? If we'd had this information sooner... You were complicit. - I've known Ben Matheson since we were boys. - You helped bury those barrels in the field? - The field is just the tip of the iceberg. - What do you mean? (phone chiming) - Farrell's here. - If he finds out I'm talking to you, I'm dead. - Just give me something I can use. - Southvale Farms. You gotta go back, take a closer look. - OK. - Saw your car in the parking lot. - You following me now? - That's mine. - Little late for you to be out here all by yourself, isn't it? - It's a free country. If I see you stalking me again, I'll file for criminal harassment. (chuckling) - Stalking? You'd like that, wouldn't ya? You have yourself a nice night now. (soft alternative music) - Here you go. One minute I'm helping you tie your shoes, and the next... - You're buying me a drink? - Fat chance. - What's up, Ms. Evans? - We just missed the show. Your uncle knocked out the Mill lawyer. - Ha! Well, they didn't call him "Lights Out" Crawford for nothing. I kinda miss that guy. - University letter? - Yeah. It's a no-go. Guess I'm gonna have to learn to love this town. You came back after university and you're happy. How? - My ex is moving. He's got a job in Winnipeg. Been trying to tell someone that all day. - I'm sorry. - Our marriage was terrible, but we're great at co-parenting. I can count on him. I could go too, get a job in the city, but things were just starting to get serious with Owen. But then am I just staying for a boy? (sighing) - I don't know. Would you stay for Luna? - It's more like she's staying for me. I'm sure you'll meet someone new in the city. - Maybe. But they wouldn't be Owen. - Could you ask him to co-parent? - He hasn't met my kids yet. I pitch co-parenting and he might run. - Maybe not. I mean, he's been Luna's pretend dad and he's pretty good at it. Why don't you just tell him what you want from him? It doesn't always have to be on your shoulders to fix everything. That's what being a partner means, right? (laughing) (mysterious music) - I'm here to bail you out. - No. - No? - I don't need you to bail me out, Hanley. There are plenty of people in town I can count on. - The barrels in the athletic field are just the start. There are more of them. - Case was dismissed. Go back to your life. - Screw that. We appeal. Or we go wake up the judge and ask her to reconsider. We have them, Billy. - So there are more barrels. We still don't have what we need. - What about a whistleblower? On the record. - Are you serious? - Can I bail you out now? - I punched out your ex-boyfriend. (laughing) - Why do you think I'm bailing you out? Besides, it's Millwood. Sometimes people just get punched. - What's this? - Molly's non-disclosure agreement. - You caused quite a scene at the bar. Gave me a chance to... - Gerrilynn, you're amazing. - I really am. I did this for the girls, not you. - It's from a publisher. - Williams is writing a book on conversion disorder. He came here looking for it. - This case could be a gold mine for him. - So what do we do now? - We expose him. - Who is this "we" you're talking about? We know that Steve and Amanda were dating. Amanda never set foot on the field where we found the barrels. CTS used that as proof of conversion disorder. But if Steve was affected too, then maybe the pond was the place that they were both exposed. - This is my son we're talking about. If what you're saying is true, then it was my farm that poisoned him. - This is a case of greed gone too far. This will help us figure out who did this. And we can make them pay. - It's just up ahead. (soft music) (flies buzzing) - ♪ ♪ I went with you ♪ ♪ Up to the place you grew up in ♪ ♪ We spent a week in the cold ♪ - I swear, it wasn't always like this. - We won't let them get away with this. - ♪ Any longer, it would have got old ♪ ♪ Singing "Ace of Spades" when Lemmy died ♪ ♪ But nothing's changed, LA's all right ♪ ♪ Sleeping in my bed again ♪ ♪ And getting in my head ♪ ♪ And then walk around the reservoir ♪ ♪ You ♪ ♪ You must have been looking for me ♪ ♪ Sending smoke signals ♪ ♪ Pelicans circling ♪ ♪ Burning trash out ♪ ♪ On the beach ♪ ♪ One of your eyes is always half-shut ♪ ♪ Something happened when you were a kid ♪ ♪ I didn't know you then ♪ ♪ And I'll never understand ♪ ♪ Why it feels like I did ♪ ♪ - Their expert has a clear conflict of interest and has committed a fraud upon this court. And the evidence found at Southvale Farms points to a more widespread cover-up than we had anticipated. We have witnesses who can confirm that Steve Magnus -who was exposed to the same toxic poisoning- was exhibiting the same symptoms as the girls misdiagnosed with conversion disorder. - If there are more dump sites across town, then every single citizen of Millwood is at risk. - You can't do that. The ruling was filed yesterday. The case is over. - You know we'll win on appeal. - This is compelling evidence. - You can't be serious. - Oh, I am. And I understand things might move a little faster in Toronto, but this is Millwood. And in Millwood, we file all our motions on Thursdays. What day is it today? - It's Wednesday, Your Honour. - Wednesday. So I still have the paperwork for the motion to strike right here on my desk. - This is ridiculous. - You want to see ridiculous, Counselor? Based on this new information, I'm reopening the case against Matheson Steel first thing in the morning. - Thank you, Your Honour. - Hey. - Hey. - Um... So I don't think the plans that we made work for me anymore. I don't know what the future holds and that really scares me. - That's no excuse to just break up with me, Molly... - Let me finish. The truth is, whatever is in store for me isn't gonna be pretty. Love doesn't just magically fix everything. There's gonna be sacrifices and there's no getting around that. Everything's changing, Lu. I can't speak for you, but I would much rather face the future together. - You know, if I go to Montreal without you, it won't be the life I wanted. - The things that are easy for other people may always be a fight for me. - I know. Well, lucky for you, I come from a long line of warriors. I can always dream up new plans. I can't dream up a new Molly. - I'm sorry. Closed Captioning by SETTE inc. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 