The Mallorca Files: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Mallorca Files 
 s2e5 - The Blue Feather - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Mallorca Files (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 5 - The Blue Feather - full transcript 
 Max and Miranda are sent to a remote part of the island to search for a missing diabetic British birdwatcher. What they end up finding is an international smuggling ring. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 My pen! Please! Please... Oh, no! No! Oh, please! Don't hurt me! Big night? Oh... Oh, yeah. Me and Carmen throwing shapes on the dance floor till sunrise. Monday's the new Friday, then, is it? What actually happened was that we stared at paint charts 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 till the small hours, trying to agree on new colours for the bar. Let me guess - no agreements? Winter? Blake? Come. A birdwatcher. A British birdwatcher. And there was I, hoping for a nice and quiet Tuesday. Tony Ball. His wife Linda has already called us six or seven times this morning. She hasn't heard from him since Sunday evening. He often vanishes in search of birds apparently, but he always lets his wife know where he is and when he might be returning. Maybe he hadn't intended to return. Hmm! An unfaithful homing pigeon? Well, Linda swears Tony is a loving and devoted husband. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What the eye doesn't see? While we're checking the traffic-cams, I want you two to go and talk to Linda. Intuition? Information. Tony also happens to be a diabetic. He carries a insulin kit in his camper van, but, you know, if he's had an accident somewhere remote... The address of the villa. Pollenca. Pollenca! That's us at a works do. Our staff nicknamed him Tony Bore. Every T crossed, every I dotted. It's so unlike him not to have checked in with me. And all he told you was that he was heading out to the coast? Hmm. Well, there's that patch of marshland over in Maristany. Or the natural reserve at Mondrago. To be honest, it probably went in one ear and out of the other. I was busy fixing a vegan smoothie for Cesar. Cesar? My massage therapist. He comes to do my back every Sunday. Hmm. So I got back from my swimming class last night and then I realised 24 hours had gone by without a word from Tony. Does he ever join you at the pool? Tony? No! He's terrified of water. Oh, you don't think he could've fallen in somewhere, do you? Erm... I was just wondering what kind of things you might like to do together? Together? Tony's as interested in my exercise room as I am his man cave. I like to dance - Tony's got two left feet. I love my golf - he likes to think of it as a good walk spoiled. Might he have had other plans for Sunday night? Tony's plans only ever concern birds. He'd gone out to watch nocturnal species, whatever they may be. Owls, maybe? Oh. My dad was a keen twitcher. Used to wake me up to hear them twit-twoo-ing outside my window. Happy days. But less happy nights, I'd imagine. Does this place ring any bells, Linda? Oh, yeah. Tony might've been there once or twice. Seems like a good place for Max and I to start making some enquiries. Wouldn't you say? Imagine, my friends... ...how it must feel to be captured and imprisoned, torn from your family and friends. Aw... You can't sing or feed... ...and then... ...transported overseas by ruthless criminals, you contract a virus from your filthy cage... ...dying a slow and miserable death. So the choice is ours - we either stand fast against the enemies of nature or we lose our beautiful birds for ever. Warden Alvarez? It depends who's looking for him. Let me finish with these kids, then I would be happy to help you personally. We appreciate the offer, but it would be better if my partner and I search on our own. The serious birders tend to head for what we call our hotspots, where they are more likely to spot rarer species, vagrants or migratory visitors. You should start with these. Take a couple of our mountain bikes. It will make things a lot quicker. Emilia, fetch our friends some binoculars, would you? Thank you. Emilia's the best assistant I ever had, and I've had a few. Gracias. Miss Fernandez cares deeply about the natural world. Ah! You might recognise Tony Ball. We mustn't hold you up, Emilia. We are currently conducting an important research programme, ringing and recording migratory species. Emilia here is in charge of hanging our mist nets. Vital work. Do you know, Max, I don't know what I find more weird - Emilia's body language, or her boss putting her on a pedestal like that? Ah, that famous fertile imagination. Me? Who was it that came up with the melodramatic love triangle theory? Which we still shouldn't discount. Max... ...Tony and Linda just got used to living separate lives. It can happen in a marriage. Just because you helped Carmen pick out some colours for the bar doesn't mean she wants you to join her on one of her spray-can sorties. So, this is the wild beyond, huh? Honestly, Max, you can be such a snob. I'm just more your metropolitan type. I used to say the same to my dad when he insisted on hauling me off to see the puffins on Skomer Island or the red kites on the Brecon Beacons. Yes, well, my character was formed quite some time ago. Oh, we all know that! What's that supposed to mean? To be at one with nature requires an appreciation of stillness and silence. Well, silence is just plain weird to an urban guy like me... Whoa! Well, must've had a loose spoke, or something. Hmm. No further questions, milord! Well, seeing as we've, er, stopped, I think we ought to find out if Emilia Fernandez has any previous, don't you? You sure you're not over-reacting? As sure as I know you'll never win the Tour de France. Patience is a virtue too, you know. Uh-huh. Give things time. You never know what might turn up. If it turns up at all. OK. Emilia Fernandez, 22 years old, one of five kids, hard-knock upbringing in a Son Gotleu tenement. Currently serving 12 months' probation. For what? Don't know. They'll get back to us about that. Uh-huh. Still think I'm over-reacting? Well, we'll see. Argh! Urgh! Argh! There's more than mud in that mud! Well, luckily, I happened to pick up my dry-cleaning this morning. Shh-shh-shh. Don't move. Hello? May we help you? I beg your pardon? You seem rather interested in us. I was observing a purple gallinule, but you're blocking my view of it. And now you've scared it off. Hmm. This place is huge. Keep up, Max, we need to find him. Oh. We're going to have to ask Ines for help. You ask for help? Give things some time, and you never know what might turn up. Hmm... Time. See? What did I tell you? Oh. Tony? Mr Ball? Must've taken some driving for Tony to get all the way out here. Well, it's tricky enough on mountain bikes. Hmm. Max. Ball's lunch? His insulin kit. His undisturbed insulin kit. At least he's take his injector pen. Well, even if he has, he wouldn't have enough insulin to keep him going for... 12, maybe 15 hours. Yeah. And he's been missing for 36 hours. Miranda my hands are tied. Sending dog teams and helicopters into a conservation area requires a specific warrant that takes time to obtain - time you simply don't have. Well, there's a diabetic man out here, possibly injured, in dire straits. I'll send an officer team as soon as I can, OK? In the meantime, you and Max will have to search a little harder and a lot faster. Easy for her to say. Help me! Somebody help me! I think we might be... ...a bit lost. We? You're in charge of the map! But how's anyone supposed to follow it without any discernible landmarks? Well, I managed OK. Yeah, but you are at one with nature. Max, this wilderness you've brought us to is so far off any beaten track, do you really imagine we're going to come across anything that...? Sorry, you were saying...? No diabetic would ever be careless enough to drop their insulin pen. Miranda! Badminton net? It's a mist net. For trapping birds. One of Emilia's? Ah, here! Hmm. Could Tony have been trying to drag himself away? So you think someone else might have done the dragging? Yeah, if they stumbled across one of those criminals Emilia mentioned. But why would they want to harm some kooky British birdwatcher? Oh! Here. Hang on, Ines. Go. There's been a break-in at the Balls' villa. Is Linda OK? She's a bit shaken, but she's fine. We'll get over there straight away. I've sent forensics along, too. OK. Ines, listen. This break-in confirms our suspicions. Max and I have uncovered evidence that points to Ball having been abducted. So he might not be in the park after all? Good job I didn't call in ground search. We might have to amend our investigation. To kidnapping? Or worse. Black tie. Not quite what I pictured when you said dry-cleaning. Needs must. Hmm. I'll pack a posh frock next time, shall I? So, you think Tony's having an affair, and Linda, having found out... And consumed by rage. ...hired a hitman to disappear him? Yeah. Or Linda's the one doing the dirty. Conspires with her Latin lover, and bumps off her tiresome hubby. Hmm. I think that tux might have gone to your head, Agent Winter. I'm just exploring every avenue. Next, you'll be asking me to believe that Linda and her enamorado staged this whole break-in so... Max! Whoa! Did you get the plate number? I mean, I'm good, Max, but I'm not that good. It was a blue pick-up. Whew. I thought Tony had come home so I called out to him and that's when I must have scared off whoever was down here. The rest of the house is secure. I thought it was only make-believe - agents wearing black tie on the job? Oh, it's, erm, complicated. Sorry! Sorry. So, Linda, did you hear a car or a van? Slamming doors, screeching tyres? Not a thing. What if they'd parked close by, taken whatever it was they were after, loaded it into, erm, let's say, a...? A pick-up truck? ... a pick-up truck, then flew the coop undetected? Don't mind me. We're trying not to. It feels more like a command post than a twitchers' den. Tony's always run things like a military operation - the company, his medicines, his hobby. I was starting to wonder if he even enjoyed birdwatching any more. It's become a... Compulsion? Or obsession. A never-ending quest to archive, to collect everything. Mmm. My dad reckoned twitchers could be fiercely competitive, too. Oh, there's definitely a pecking order. When I discovered the break-in, I thought it might be a jealous rival, out to steal his records or teach him a lesson. In which case, our intruder must have been looking for something specific. Something only they and Tony must have known about. Something they had to retrieve before anyone else could... Wow, I never realised birdwatching required so many toilet rolls. I certainly didn't find it that exciting. Honestly, what am I like? Hang on. The Lucky Cat. Puerto de Pollenca. A boat... maybe? Someone, anyone, please, I need help. Please... Pick a boat, any boat. Sorry. He's just miffed he didn't get the tuxedo memo. Isn't that the truck that tried to run us off the road? What are you doing? No guts, no glory. Miranda Blake! There's a lot of parking tickets. Vehicle registered to one Felipe Santos of Palma. So he didn't get these close to home. The old town market. Yeah, every single ticket. All issued at the same time of day. So Santos is a creature of habit. And a creature with money to burn - if he's intending to pay all these fines. Max. Exotic enough for you? Then maybe he keeps a budgerigar. What, in a pick-up? I don't know. I'm just exploring every avenue. Let's ask for him in that cafe. Excuse me. We're looking for a Felipe Santos? He's over there. Oh. Gracias. Mr Santos? Ahora hablamos. That's a novel take on plain clothes, I must say. Can we talk? This is about the fire, right? I didn't know somebody had reported it. News travels fast on the island, eh? Yeah, yet another dispute over fishing rights. I never thought ours would become such a cut-throat industry. Come on, I'll show you the damage. The Lucky Cat. How ironic. Let's see where this leads. Thank God it burnt itself out before it could do too much damage. When did you find out about it? One of my crew called this morning to tell me. Is that why you nearly collided with us? In your haste to get back here? Was that you? Mm. I'm sorry. What had you been up to in Pollenca? I crashed at a pal's place last night. You know how it goes - we sank a few beers. You very nearly sank us. I can't apologise enough. That call sent me into a tailspin, I'm afraid. Such a tailspin you forgot to report the fire to us? This boat is my livelihood. We can see that. Private charters, dolphin cruises. Birdwatching trips. A little extra income for a poor fishermen. Does a birdwatcher named Tony Ball mean anything to you? He booked a trip to go and watch seabirds at first light yesterday. He never showed up. Left me out of pocket. And then, on top of that... Why you ask? We think he might be in trouble. What kind of trouble? We can't be certain... yet. Our orders are to find him as soon as possible. When did you last see him? Last week. We met for a coffee at some cafe in town. We discuss a trip, agreed a date, set a price. Listen, when you find the guy - and I hope you do - you let him know I'll be charging him a cancellation fee. So, do you think he's our intruder? I'd bet my muddy boots on it. And as Tony Ball is terrified of water, it's unlikely he chartered the Lucky Cat. The weird thing is, however Santos fits in the picture, I get the feeling he genuinely doesn't know what might have happened to Ball. And if his parking tickets are anything to go by, that cafe where the two of them met must be near the market, right? Great minds. I need my medicine... Senor Tony's a regular of mine. One of the good guys. Is he OK? Well, there's a chance he might not be. He ordered an Americano, then sat at his usual table with Felipe. Felipe Santos? You know Felipe? Ah, who doesn't? Does Tony meet anyone else here? A woman, perhaps? Sure. Is that her? Definitely not, no. This is her. Dear old Anna who runs the pet shop over by the market. Well, we should go and talk to her, anyway, huh? Miranda? Hmm. So, if it wasn't the boat trip Santos and Tony were discussing, what then? I don't know. Money? We know Tony and Linda overstretched themselves. Let's say Santos had been trapping birds. Tony could have caught him red-handed and threatened to shop him unless he paid him to keep quiet. The wardens at the nature park are convinced there's a ring of bird-smugglers operating on the island. Oh, that comes as terrible news to me. I well recall those dark days of the bird market in Barcelona, when one could buy or sell any wild creature. Thankfully, that dreadful business was outlawed years ago. So, erm, your birds here...? Zebra finches, canaries. All bred in captivity? Under strict licence, I assure you. As we're here, perhaps you could identify this for us? Oh... From a wild species, I'm guessing. From the back of a van, actually. Not my forte, I'm afraid. And now, if you'll excuse me, I have an appointment in the town centre. It was nice to meet you both. I pray you'll find your man. Bye. So, according to that waiter, she and Santos meet on a regular basis. Dear old Anna sells birds. And Santos owns a boat. A damaged boat - matching Anna's damaged hand. You spotted that too? Stay with me, 007! Received and understood. Thanks. Emilia Fernandez. Charged with assaulting a police officer during an environmental protest in Palma. I stand corrected. So, if Anna brokers the deals, Santos ships the merch to the mainland, Emilia could be their supplier. That impassioned speech of hers and her love of nature merely a smokescreen? Showtime! Look, she's got a second bag. You keep tabs on her. I'll speak to the cashier. Max, can you hear me? Loud and clear. Too loud and clear. Cashier confirmed that Anna just withdrew 10,000 in cash. Well, she's in a hurry to get it here. Here being...? The good ship Santos. Although I can't imagine Anna's money will be used to pay for its repair. Hmm. You and me both. I won't be long. Try not to drop that. What's that supposed to mean? A blue feather you mislaid in your pick-up. Those snooping cops found it. I could have lost my boat last night. Oh. If our clients had wanted that, they'd have made certain of it, believe me. Besides, we got the fire out, didn't we? We should consider ourselves lucky the only thing they want is their deposit back. Their associates will be here to collect it any minute. Don't think so. You also dropped this at Tony's villa. Your boat's ignition key, right? Whoa! Ow! Where's Tony Ball, Santos? Like I said, I wish I could tell you. What happened to Tony Ball, Anna? I'd love to know, for my own sake. Meaning? I think I know. Tony Ball hadn't been watching birds... He'd been trapping them! Third point of the triangle. Tony Ball's your supplier, right, Anna? It came to me when I watched Caleb poking serviettes into the napkin rings. Those toilet rolls you found at the villa - they were little straitjackets for our smugglers' winged prisoners. No struggle, easier to smuggle. You and your accomplice will be handed over to the mainland authorities as part of a global investigation into the trafficking of wild birds. They have huge resources. What about your resources? Have they brought you any closer to finding your man? Back to square one, huh? Emilia Fernandez. My thoughts exactly. Meet us at the nature reserve! And bring an ambulance! Without his insulin, Tony Ball's living on borrowed time. Max! Huh? The bee-eater. "This harlequin of a bird is often persecuted for its plumage. " Where there's persecution, there's money. Lots, usually. Emilia? Emilia? Where are you? I need your help at the old disused quarry ASAP. Why leave her radio behind? "We either stand fast against the enemies of nature "or lose our beautiful birds for ever. " Emilia Fernandez - cop-punching eco-vigilante and bird-trafficker. Except that I didn't write it. And I'm not hiding. Not any longer. He'd been watching me like a hawk all morning. Who? Alvarez. He said if I came to you, especially having a criminal record, you'd charge me with being an accomplice. He used that actual word? I couldn't bear the thought of losing my job but had to tell you. Eduardo had seen Tony Ball here three days ago... ...hanging nets and drilling holes. So... So these... ...are his words? And you and I discovered more by ignoring those spots that he gave us. What's the quickest way to the quarry? Chico can take us. Chico? Warden Alvarez, this is Detective Blake. Look, we know that Tony Ball is a bird-smuggler. We've arrested his accomplices. Over. You tell that traitor Emilia she's finished here! Finished! I gave her a chance when no-one else would have! Just tell us where Ball is, and we can bring him in too! And then what? Hit him with a fine or a suspended sentence? No, rest assured, that devil is exactly where I want him to be. Over there! Well spotted. Just patience and silent observation. Keep him talking! Er, so you're aware that Ball is a diabetic, and unless he's getting his regular insulin injections, he's going to die? Look, I'll make this very simple for you. Tell us where he is or face a murder charge. What about all those creatures he murdered? He can't be allowed to get away with that. And now I must be allowed to conclude proceedings. He's on the move. He's heading towards the quarry. We'd better hurry. Where did he go? Through there. It's the only entrance. Follow me. Stay close. And I thought those marshes were weird. Well, at least we're not on bikes. He can't have gone far. He must be here somewhere. Let's take a look. Be careful, Max. He's not in here. Keep going down to the bottom. He must be there. Gotcha. Let me go! I have to hear it from Ball that he promises never to come back here! That he'll never capture or sell another single bird! Stay there! That's a good warden. I only did what was right. These killers must be stopped. Max! Max... Tony? Tony? He's alive. His insulin pen. I've still got it. Tony? He's coming round. Your turn to be locked up, Alvarez. This is what I administered into his arm if you need to take a look. Who are you? Oh, just the woman who saved your life. Detective Miranda Blake. Our money was running out. I swore to Linda I'd take care of things. And smuggling birds was your way of upholding that promise? When Anna and Santos showed me the money I could make, I knew where the birds would be. And how to trap them. Another one of your military operations? Miranda? Hmm? For better or for worse, eh? So Ball and co were just a tiny cog in a much bigger machine? Prosecutions have been made as far and wide as Peru, Brazil, Vietnam. We may have won this battle, but the war goes on. Thank you. Nice suit, by the way. Mm! I should thank you, too. For what? For helping me realise I did the right thing. Listen, if you need a reference for the vacant head warden's job... Really? 100%. Come on, I'll give you a ride back. Yeah, the sort of case, following which... I could use a new tuxedo? I was going to say, "Two hard-working operatives could use a drink. " I said I might meet Carmen for dinner so, erm... What, in those clothes? Besides... ...something I'd like to give you. Hm? Thank you. "To Max, from your silent, patient partner in the field. " I bought it from the nature park when you weren't looking. Oh, here... "Having laid her eggs, the female phalarope "immediately asserts her independence, "leaving her partner to incubate the clutch "and rear their brood entirely on his own. " That's my kind of bird. Well, if I had to choose the kind of birds Carmen and I were, I'd say... ...eagles. Proud, glamorous... What? All right. How would you see us? What, us? Yeah. I don't know. A pair of geese? They... they partner for life. They, er... ...prefer a nice cosy existence. Geese? Yeah. Hmm. Ruffle someone's feathers, did I? Geese? OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 