Cranford: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cranford 
 s1e5 - May 1843 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cranford (2007–2010): Season 1, Episode 5 - May 1843 - full transcript 
 Martha and Jem are married and move into Miss Matty's home as lodgers. Dr. Harrison learns that Sophy has been sent away to stay with an aunt in Shropshire. When she returns home she contracts typhoid. Lady Ludlow mortgages the estate against Mr. Carter's advice. The ladies of Cranford decide they wan to help their friend Miss Matty in her time of need. Mary manages to identify the man who sent the Valentine cards. Mr. Carter is injured in an explosion at the railway construction site and dictates his last will and testament. Major Gordon returns to Cranford but he also has a surprise for Miss Matty. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Cranford 1x05 Mary! Mary! Mary! Was it you who arranged for the bells, Miss Smith? Perhaps. We knew you'd settled on a quiet wedding, but still thought a little celebration warranted! What next then, Mrs Hearne? I'm gonna cook us our wedding breakfast. Eggs and ham. You can sit beside the range in your new chair, and watch me. But I'll want you to eat up sharp and get out from under me feet. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Poor Miss Matty's not had her pudding these past three weeks. She's going to fade away! I don't understand why she's putting up this front. Everybody knows that bank went down. They don't know she had everything she owned in it! Anyway, I'm not sure it's any of our business, Jem. You made it our business. You moved us in here to lodge! I'm sorry it has come to this. My mother's glad of the money. I've brought you a book of verse. It has that poem you like so much by Mr Gray. Miss Smith? I was aware Mrs Rose is staying at Miss Pole's. But I didn't know she had taken all her furniture! Dr Morgan sent a wagon for it. Have you seen Sophie? She's gone away, to an aunt in Shropshire. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I just don't know how this trouble came about. I swear to you, I sent no valentine other than to Sophie! Mary! I must speak with you. I cannot invite you to take tea. Mrs Rose is in the parlour and in the grip of melancholy! I said to her, "The tragedy of your situation, my dear, "is that you've been so very credulous, "not only could you perceive no harm in that vile man's actions, "but you actually believed he had your interests at heart!" Married people are all the same, they leave their judgement at the altar. Do you know she'll not let me reapply the blacking to her hair? There's a great grey streak right down her centre parting! Is it true about Miss Matty? That she's lost all her money, and is destitute? I never thought I would see the day when I would part with these. They were our father's. I cannot recall ever seeing him without a book in his hand, or on the desk before him. They are so very fine, and they have been little used. Perhaps it is right that you should let the Rector buy them. I think it is absolutely right. It will add much to the sum of his knowledge, and something to the contents of your purse. I thought they would always remain in the family. But after our father died, Deborah and I discovered that he had willed them to our brother, Peter. Mary knows all about Peter. He was a scapegrace. He would have thumbed his nose at them. But father always hoped that he would come home again. If you'll pass me another sheet of paper, Jessie, we can get these parcelled up. I shall see about some tea. We have a deal in common, you and I. We have both seen a sister buried, and had someone dear to us go off to India. Did Peter go to India? He wrote me a letter from there. Just once. He spoke of sending me some muslin for a gown. But it never arrived. It is such a distant place. So many things must get lost on the journey. Do you ever listen for footsteps in the street? At night, when you're sitting alone? Major Gordon mostly called on horseback. But I cannot deny that sometimes, when I hear the clip of hooves, something inside me leaps up for a moment. And I wish it did not. For I think it is not the despair that hurts one, but the hope. Would you pass me the string? Good afternoon, Mr Carter. Good afternoon. I walked up through the woods today. There was a wild bee orchid, right beside the path! That is a rare thing. I should like to see it myself. I had hoped to return there with my sketchbook. Tomorrow, if I can, before it has a chance to fade. Miss Galindo, do you, by any chance, know how the deeds to Hanbury Court came to be in the possession of Lady Ludlow's bank? Her ladyship expressed a desire to see them, perhaps three weeks ago... Her talk had turned to reminiscence, and to her family's importance in the history of England. It was after that that she said... she would like to see the deeds, for some of the dates had escaped her memory. And so, to please Lady Ludlow, you came into my office, and you unlocked the drawer, and you took these documents away? Yes, I did. Miss Galindo, Lady Ludlow has mortgaged the estate, against my advice, without my knowledge, and as a direct consequence of your assistance! You left me with no choice, Mr Carter. I knew you wouldn't sanction it, and so I dealt directly with the bank. The power to make that decision was entirely yours, my lady. I thank you for that acknowledgement. I hope you see I do this out of concern for my estate, and not the lack of it. My lady, money could have been raised in other ways. Do not even speak to me of the railway! I saw for myself the path it would slice across my land. I saw which fields would be devoured, which buildings tumbled! And the damage to Hanbury would be irreversible. Domestic economies are possible. If you close the main house and move into the eastern wing, we could reduce your staff by 40 or more. And what will become of those whom I dismiss? House for their livelihood. My lady, you house and wage one man whose sole occupation is the winding of your clocks! I have a great many clocks, Mr Carter, and Will Jones is mute. Were it not for his position here, he would be in the workhouse, an institution I've heard you say that you abhor. My duty is sacred. When I die I will hand my son his inheritance intact. With a mortgage on it. Mortgages are there to be paid off. With what, my lady? You have no money! Your funds cannot support this. I'm sorry I must speak so plainly. Are you, Mr Carter? Yes. Because it grieves you. What is it, Mary, dear? Nothing. We, the ladies of Cranford, are assembled in Mrs Forester's parlour today, in order that we might resolve upon something. Miss Smith, yesterday afternoon I conversed with all the ladies present here today, on the subject of the misfortune which has befallen our dear friend, Miss Matilda Jenkyns. I imagine none of us is what may be called... "rich", though we all possess a genteel competency, sufficient for tastes that are elegant and refined, and would not, even if they could, be vulgarly ostentatious. And every last one of us has agreed... ...has agreed... that whilst we have a penny to spare, it would not only be our duty, but a pleasure... A real pleasure! ...for each of us to give what we can to assist her. Mrs Forester, please, you're betraying your emotions! I'm sorry. I can hardly think of what to say, in the face of such generosity. You need say nothing. We all know that if the position was reversed, Miss Matty would be the first to offer help to others. Even now she worries most about ten shillings owing to the butcher, because he is a widower with twins! I'm sure that we can deal with that. My sister and I are customers of Mr Goddard. And... and of course we're also agreed, that we wish to contribute our aid in a secret and concealed manner, so as not to hurt Miss Matty's feelings. That was my suggestion. I understand better than anyone that sense of delicate independence, which exists in the refined female. So, we will each write down in a sealed paper, what we can afford to give, after which, Miss Smith, we hope you will confer with Captain Brown, and devise some scheme by which the money can be passed to Miss Matty without her knowing it is really from her friends. The most important thing is that it should somehow seem to be her proper due. Perhaps as a result of miscalculation. By the bank. Yes! By the Town and... Mrs Forrester! There's no need to mention the establishment by name. Mary! Mary! Mary! The truth is, Mary, dear, I really have very, very little to live upon. Less than ?100 a year! You have no need to make any such confession to me, Mrs Forester. I could not bear you to think that the smallness of my contribution in any way reflected the affection and regard I have for dear Miss Matty. I do not doubt you have given all you can. When we were both quite young, I was 20, and she a year or two above, my mother lay dying. I had had to go to market, with some plover's eggs, and as I drew near to Cranford, I saw Miss Matty with a man. Mr Holbrook? Holding a posy of primroses. Mr Holbrook was talking to her in a low voice. And I heard the words, "Please think again, I beg you." Kept picking at the primroses. I remember... the petals, in the mud. I... I tried to creep past unseen. It seemed such a very private interview. She put her hand on my arm, and asked how my mother was! And when I cried, she comforted me. Even though her own heart must have been so very full. I have loved her ever since. And that is why I am sorry I cannot give more. When I invited you to Cranford, Frank, I thought we would be of help to one another. You could build a reputation, and I begin to retire from my practice. But no-one will see you since this scandal! I work harder than I did before, and your good name is in tatters. But Dr Morgan, I never courted Mrs Rose! Or Caroline Tomkinson! I fear you must move on. I must seek a new assistant, and you must start afresh. Somewhere where you are not known. It seems to me, Miss Matty, that the miscalculation by the bank has been your greatest good fortune to date. You will be in receipt of ?50 pounds per year in addition to the ?13 and 16 shillings you originally thought you were left with. And with Martha and Jem paying me rent, and the sale of the books, will I have enough to live on? You will still be living on half the income you previously enjoyed. You will have to add to it, or else give up this house. Miss Matty, we wondered if you might consider setting up a school. Well... If I was not expected to teach mathematics, or French, or accomplishments. And I would not care to teach the globes, for I never did like the notion that the world is round. It makes me feel so giddy. I suggest you open up a shop. A shop? In this dining parlour. What kind of a shop? I would advise you to sell some sort of commodity called for on a daily basis. Tea would be ideal. I couldn't. I couldn't! To go into trade... I'm sure your friends will accept it, and admire your common sense. Tea really is a very genteel form of trade, Miss Matty. It is purchased by people of every class. Including the most superior. At least it is not a sticky form of merchandise. For I could never bear to handle things that leave a residue. I'm not sure that I could possibly consider it. I might offend Mr Johnson, by going into competition... Would you like me to ask him? ...without consulting him. Good morning, Mrs Johnson. Good morning, Miss Jenkyns. Last time you were looking at the silks. I was. But today I should like to confer with Mr Johnson. What is it regarding? Tea. And if you would be so kind as to tell Miss Matilda there has been an error in your butchery accounts, we would be sincerely grateful. It would be my pleasure, Miss Tomkinson. She was compassion itself when the good Lord took my wife. And Mr Goddard, how are those dear little twins? Oh, they're weaned already, and the boy has begun to take pork. Did you hear that, sister? Pork! Pork. It is testament to your talent as a parent. There was less noise when the walls of Jericho were tumbled! And less dust! Dear Mr Johnson said my dining room would make a very fine shop! By the by, Mary, do not stint upon the Assam. I stood by his counter for an hour yesterday, and they were selling it hand over fist! I will stock any sort of tea except the green kind. So fearfully bad for the digestion. I must say it will be bolstering to Cranford's reputation, having a second place to purchase tea. We will lose such face when we're left with just one doctor! Is Dr Harrison leaving? The man cannot remain! There has been such vicious gossip! And Caroline Tomkinson has been made ill, clutching at that wretched valentine and weeping over it till it's more smeared and blotted than it was when it arrived. He is doubtless waiting for a moonless night, so he might slink away without having stones thrown. There's a letter come. I think it's for Miss Smith, but the hand's so blotched and scratchy I can scarcely make it out. Who is it from, Mary, dear? It's from Dr Marshland. I am aware that this is a matter of the utmost delicacy. But if we can prove the valentine was in another's hand, don't you agree everyone would benefit? Oh, get it out of the drawer. What care I about it now? I think we have found our culprit. It is the same hand. Unquestionably. Dr Marshland's hand. You're in correspondence with Dr Marshland? Yes. He prescribes my spectacles. These were sent to Lizzie and Helen Hutton. I show them not to increase your embarrassment, but rather to diminish your distress. You were not singled out for mockery. Are you seeking to defend that Irishman? No. I am not. I do not pretend to understand the nature of friendship between men, Dr Marshland, but surely in its better points it resembles that between women? Where, then, was your loyalty to Dr Harrison? Where was your kindness and respect? And where now is your compassion? His career is ruined, his reputation savaged, and his courtship annihilated, all by your wilfully mischievous hand. I urge you, sir, to apply your wits to the resolution of this disaster, as greatly as you did the manufacture of it. You may yet salvage your connection with Dr Harrison, but I fear my regard for you will not recover. Right you are, ma'am. Sophie? Sophie! Sophie! Sophie, are you ill? Seeming more yourself. So did I, Miss Smith. So did I. Walk on. I should say that apart from the infamous springs of that coach, the only disorder is in her heart. Is it diseased? Well, not in any way I can help. It has been woken up to love, and found love wanting. I warned him not to hurt her! I sat with him, l-I spoke to him, quite seriously, and respectfully, as though he were a gentleman! Mm. I thought only to advise him on his medical manner. Much good that did. Caroline Tomkinson was his patient! And as for Mrs Rose! I've had to prescribe a tonic for her spleen. Lavish your daughter with eggs and affection. A girl's heart is a stouter organ than is realised. Dr Harrison. I came to enquire after Miss Hutton. Miss Hutton's not to be distressed. And I'm under orders. If you come anywhere near I'm to go straight to the Rector. Good afternoon, Dr Harrison. I assure you, Mr Carter, I had not the least notion what Lady Ludlow intended to do with the deeds! I am quite sure of that. Just as I am quite sure that no... no-one on this earth, man or woman, could have stopped her. I think perhaps the stems of those flowers are still a little moist. I should not like you to stain your cuff. Lady Ludlow was brought up in a different century, Mr Carter. She's had but two tasks in her lifetime - to bear her children, and preserve her land. The very thought of that mortgage must pierce her like a shard of glass. It pierces me. I've worked beside her these last ten years. Oh, pray! Don't think I disregard that. Hanbury has been such a large part of my life. I was not yet 30 when I applied to Mr Boatman, who managed the estate then. He trained me in his ways, he even let me get married to his daughter. My wife had a little money of her own. And when she died, it was put to me that I could buy myself a small farm, start afresh away from her memory. But I could not part with the past, I was persuaded by a friend to invest in his mill, up in Halifax. And without further effort, I made more money than I could earn in 30 years at Hanbury. But when I went to see the place that made me rich, it sickened me. There were children there, dragging great sacks of wool, sleeping under looms in exhaustion - so pitiful it tore my soul. I pulled my thousands out of there, and just put them in the bank, where they grow still. And I cannot bear to touch them. I sometimes wonder if the presence of money isn't more unsettling than the lack of it. If only Lady Ludlow had come to see me about the mortgage! I might have been able to dissuade her. She has made her choice, Mr Carter. Septimus came first. All other things were rendered secondary. And the tragedy of it is, that he'll never return to Hanbury. And as soon as he inherits, he will sell the whole estate. No, Mr Carter. The tragedy is that Lady Ludlow knows it. I'd like a pound, please. Thank you. I have tried. But I can't reconcile myself to this new... venture. She's hardly hawking buttons from a tray about her neck! And Mrs Jamieson, she's still our friend. I know she's our friend. And whilst I'm here in this room, I am her friend, too! Force me across that threshold, and I become her... ...customer. You rank so very highly in our town. Your approval would mean much. I will suggest a compromise. Mrs Jamieson will take a pound of Pouchong! A very good choice! If you'll just wait in line. What a delightful establishment this is! It surpasses every description of its charms. We expect a visitor, and require some tea. Have you any of the green kind? I stock it out of deference to demand, but I always advise against its purchase. Perhaps you would prefer some Assam? Or Lapsang makes a very robust cup. Sister, which do you think would suit? Perhaps a pound of each? I'm entirely adept with scales, if you require another pair of hands. Sophie! I'm so glad you're home. But you must listen to me. Not everything was as it seemed! Dr Harrison is innocent. You're intolerably hot! If he was innocent, he'd have called by now. He would have come. You must try to calm yourself. He cannot be ignorant of my pain! You need the doctor. It is the typhoid fever. There can be no mistaking it now. You mistook it before. Sometimes it follows the ambulatory pattern, and the patient displays no more than a general malaise for the first two weeks. After that, the disease can take a very severe course. What can be done for her? If you do not object, I might confer with Mrs Rose. Her husband was known for his fomentations and his poultices. Dr Morgan, will my daughter die? Miss Smith! Dr Marshland. I wondered if we'd be seeing you. RAPPING AT DOOR For pity's sake, Frank, will you open the door? I'm really sorry about the valentines. I only did it for a joke. I know you're in there. Listen, Frank, I'm with Miss Smith. She says Sophie Hutton has the typhoid fever. Typhoid?! Are you sure? Am I sent for? Dr Morgan is attending her. I'm going to The George, to hire myself a bed. If you want to speak to me, that's where we'll be. I'll raise a blister to draw her out of her delirium. There must be no natural light allowed into the room, and no cold draughts. Now Bessie, build up the fire. We must provoke a crisis of fever. Unto God's gracious mercy and protection we commit thee. The Lord bless thee, and keep thee. The Lord make his face to shine upon thee, and be gracious unto thee. Lighten our darkness, we beseech Thee, oh, Lord, and by great mercy, send us through the perils and dangers of this night, with the love of Thine only son, our saviour, Jesus Christ. Lady Ludlow will not sell one single acre in her lifetime. Railway money has a way of talking. She may be deaf to it, but there are those that listen. There will be a line to Cranford yet. It may take longer, it may but it will get there. And I will be glad, Captain Brown, is there no other way for Hanbury to profit from the railway? Can we not sell you timber, or fodder, or tools? Could you supply us with the quantities we need? I don't know. I'm afraid you do, Mr Carter. You cannot. I have been to the Miss Tomkinsons, about the valentine. I said I was sorry, and they forgave me. Did you go to the rectory? Yes. I left a letter of confession, addressed to the Reverend Hutton. Was Dr Morgan there? I believe he was. He always advocates a purge. If her symptoms are gastric, rather than pulmonary, then the effects of the fever will not be beneficial, but acutely dangerous. If she vomits up all fluids, and continues to perspire, then the effects on her constitution will be the same as cholera! She will die, Jack. Of desiccation and exhaustion! What would you do? Eradicate the fever, not nurture it. Cool her temperature right down. They won't let you near her. I am near her. I'm in that room. There's been an explosion, at the railway works. Two men are dead. I've brought you Mr Carter. This way. This is not your blood, I think. I was nearby a horse when the gunpowder went off. You will need an operation. Soon. Do you consent to that? If you do it. Miss Galindo, can you send to Hanbury Court for a quantity of ice? Of course. And see if a message can be sent to Miss Mary Smith. She has assisted me before and showed great common sense. Miss Galindo... Yes? When you are done running his errands, come back to me with a pen and ink. And it's... out. Next, I'll stitch back the corner of the lid. Jack. What about the leg? The loss of vitality is total. No circulation, no reflex, no choice. It's coming off above the knee. Come to me when you're done. We need to prepare the tools. And that is it. Everything accounted for. It must be signed and witnessed. Mr Carter, I would be a fine clerk, if I did not know the form for such a thing! Shall I ask Dr Harrison? No. I don't want him to know I saw the likely end of this. You sign it. I'm a fool for indulging you, Mr Carter. There is no likely end. You have injured your leg, it will be righted. That is all. Now... Put your name here, above mine. I brought brandy, too, and a quantity of linen. Thank you. You know as well as I, that these are gestures made in place of an apology. We spoke in anger to each other, the other day. I am sorry. You must conserve your energy, Mr Carter. I will speak with Dr Harrison after the procedure, and arrange for your return to Hanbury as soon as he permits. Miss Smith. Help! Somebody, help! Quickly! His breath has stopped. It is his heart. It has given out. His heart? The doctors think there must have been an unseen injury. Possibly within the chest. In a few moments you may see him, if you wish. Lizzie! What will father say? I don't care! Frank, you did your utmost. KNOCKING Dr Harrison, open the door! Please come! Who asks for me? We do. Fetch the ice. Now. All of it. In there. Now. Wait for me. Not you. Let him come in. Dr Harrison and I have had our misunderstandings, but I've watched him work for nigh on a twelvemonth, and if anyone can save her now... ...it is he. Go to her. Thank you. We need to cool her down now. Walter died, when he was crossing the equator. I know, my love. But I'm going to bring you home. It's jammed! The other Macintosh. Belladonna? Two minims. Two? Are you certain? She hasn't responded. Trust me. Yes! Building to a pitch. Building... And slowing! Slowing... Slowing... You can sleep now. "Graved on the stone beneath yon aged thorn "Here rests his head upon the lap of earth "A youth to Fortune and to Fame unknown "Fair Science frowned not on his humble birth "And Melancholy marked him for her own "Large was his bounty "And his soul sincere "Heaven did a recompense as largely send "He gave to Misery all he had, "A tear "He gained from Heaven "Twas all he wished "A friend." There'll be a funeral, lad. I might not be allowed to go. You can put the lid on now. It is you. Yes. I dreamed about a boat. Dragged out of the water, put upside down on the sand. Why should I dream that? Because you are not going anywhere. Clove rock for the children, and peppermints for those who scour their livers with green tea. It's the only way I can square my conscience! Miss Matty, I had a talk with Martha today. Did you? Yes. And there is a change afoot. Well, my dear. You must tell me what it is. Poor Martha came to me in some distress, because she rather hoped you might have guessed at what will come to pass. But you have not, and she fears that soon her appearance will cause comment in the town. Mary! My dear... Is... There to be a child? A baby? In this house? I promise you, Miss Matty, I'll make sure my lying-in doesn't go one day over the fortnight! God bless you! Harry, please sit down. I'm dirty from the cowsheds. It is no matter. Mr Carter, who was a friend to you and me, made a most detailed last will and testament. You are to have, with immediate effect, the sum of ?1, 000. You may take from it an amount with which to help your family, but the bulk of it must be used to fund your education. ?1, 000? Just for my education? Yes. It's too much! You could build a whole school with that. Everybody could go! Mr Carter left In total, he left more than ?20, 000. I have borrowed almost ?20, 000 from the bank. It is a vast amount, and I concede that it has robbed me of my sleep and peace of mind. Mr Carter has willed you the whole of his fortune, when you come of age. On one condition. That you must lend the greater part of it to me for the duration of my lifetime. So that I may pay back my mortgage to the bank. And then, when I die, and my son inherits Hanbury, he must pay you back with the interest accrued. Mr Carter knew you well. When that day comes, he wants you to use as much of the money as you wish to found a school. In Cranford. But... he always said you didn't want that! I didn't. That doesn't mean that I was correct. When we've finished our talk, you may read the will for yourself, and I hope that you'll let me know what you think of it. I think it must make you sad. To be told what you must do. You're not used to that. Did Mr Carter want me to go away to school? He stipulated Shrewsbury, in the will, since it is not so very far from Cheshire. He also suggests at first you go to the Reverend Hutton, for instruction in the Classics, and in that way you won't be far behind the other boys. He thought of everything, didn't he? Yes. He did. I shall do it all, you know. Everything that Mr Carter asks. And so shall I. I don't know what to play! I've hardly had the lid up at home these past three weeks. Every time I start, poor Father says it pains his eye! I'm sure the frailty will pass when you get the bandage off! Dr Marshland advises a temporary patch. I shall look quite the buccaneer! Play this one. Did I hear somebody outside? I shall go and see. It's probably Jem Hearne coming home. Major Gordon? It has taken me three months to travel back from India. And I find I have not had time... to think of what to say! Well, I hope you plan to propose to her again. Miss Matty, Major Gordon's purpose in coming back from Chunderayabad was twofold. To ask for Jessie's hand. And to bring something for you. Tell me that you know me. You are my brother. Peter. I have brought you the muslin that I promised, for your wedding gown. Though I fear I am come a little late. Tis no matter. You have come home. I'm holding back the mutton puffs. Caroline Tomkinson! Engaged to a butcher! Well, that's the last we'll see of elegant economy in this house. Ham! At half-past three. He's arm in arm with Mrs Rose! Ah! You're there! An entirely predictable liaison. I've seen it looming for some time. Must be anticipated! It is most irregular. Why does the man not sit upon a chair? Perhaps the Orient has rubbed off on him. I hear tell that he's actually quite weather-beaten. Do not look to me to have it proved! Every time I call, he's in his room asleep! I do not know who he is, that he must be kept under a glass case! Well! This is a monumental day. Do try a little of the cold roast beef. Caroline will make a most memorable bride! She looks quite radiant. There are some girls who do not feel complete unless they marry. I was never one of those, but I think my sister is. You have to consider her health. What good is a husband to the constitution? I have spinster carved on my bones, and the doctor is a stranger to my door! Oh, my dear Miss Matty! This must be Mr Jenkyns! I am the lady who is... still Miss Pole. Miss Matty! I hope I do not intrude, or tire you. I grow stronger by the day! I could not keep from calling, once I had heard your news. It is a delight, to see the room so little changed. I sometimes forget, that this was the home of your youth. My brother brought me a bolt of cloth from Chunderayabad. It's the loveliest of muslins. I wonder... Would you take it, to be your wedding dress? Oh, Miss Matty! It is exquisite. It was meant for a rectory bride, my dear. And now a rectory bride will wear it. Ah! My dear friend! Congratulations! Don't they look happy? Congratulations! Oh, Harry! Well done! Good luck, Harry! Now that is a shame. That is the loveliest bridal gown! Such beautiful material. Such a fine, close weave. **Fine** Trad. Paulanna Rev. AlexandraD 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 