Cranford: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cranford 
 s1e2 - August 1842 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cranford (2007–2010): Season 1, Episode 2 - August 1842 - full transcript 
 After a few months in the village, Dr. Harrison has caught the eye of several of the young ladies. He has focused his attention on the parson's daughter, Sophie Hutton, and hopes to spend some time with her at Lady Ludlow's garden party. Her younger brother Walter takes ill however. Captain Brown receives a visit from Major Gordon who has an interest in his daughter, Jessie. While she too is interested in the Major, she's not sure she can leave her father alone. Mayhem ensues when Mrs. Forrester's cow, Bessie, goes missing after someone leaves the gate open. Lady Ludlow's estate manager Mr. Carter catches young Harry Gregson trespassing but decides to hire him rather than report him to the constable. Matilda meets someone from her past. Rumors have it that the railway may be coming to Cranford. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ah! Mrs Rose! Mrs Rose! Yes! Yes! Is something amiss? I have slept too long. I will be late for Matins! But Dr Morgan gave me to understand that you were not prone to religious observance! I am a doctor in this community, I have connections to maintain! # Awake, my soul, and with the sun # Thy daily state of duty run # Shake off dull sloth and joyful rise # To pay thy morning sacrifice 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 # Redeem my misspent time that's past... # CONGREGATION LOSE TRACK OF THE SONG # Improve thy talent with due care # For the great day thyself prepare # Let all thy converse be sincere # And conscience as the noonday clear # Think how all-seeing God thy ways # And all thy secret thoughts surveys # Amen! # BELL CHIMES I see you have hired the chair again, Mrs Jamieson. Is your carriage still on blocks? Indeed it is not on blocks! It is being got in trim by the saddler, ready for Lady Ludlow's party. Did your invitation come by post? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Or was it brought by hand from Hanbury Court? A footman in livery delivered it. Or so Mr Mulliner, my butler, said. Come along. There is a deal of excitement about this garden party. It is always a wonderful occasion. A platform is erected, and there is a band, and the most incomparable refreshments. For the past two years, there has even been ice cream! Ice cream!? Miss Jenkyns! Forgive me. I crave your kind indulgence once again. Crave nothing. Only ask. We give our friendship gladly. Are you called away once more? Oh, no, Miss Matty. Jessie and I must entertain a guest. We would be poor company, just the two of us. I have not heard that you have ever been in Cranford, Major Gordon. That has been my misfortune, Miss Jenkyns. It is an altogether delightful place! A legacy from an uncle brought me to the county, and I could not resist the pleasure of calling on my friends. We saw a deal of one another when we were at Barnard Castle. We were, of course, a somewhat larger family then. My sister loved to hear the Major read aloud! She had a great fondness for the verse of Robert Burns, which always sounds better when spoken in Scotch! And were you acquainted with the late Mrs Brown, Major Gordon? I had that privilege, Miss Jenkyns. We had a most amiable friendship. They were very happy times. Jessie, dear, perhaps you would oblige us with some music. Oh, no, I could not. I have played very little of late! And I have sung less! Come, then, play... er... Loch Lomond and we can make shift together. THEY WARM UP THEIR VOICES Capital baritone. # By yon bonnie banks and by yon bonny braes # Where the sun shines bright on Loch Lomond # Where me and my true love will never meet again # On the bonny bonny banks of Loch Lomond # O you'll take the high road and I'll take the low road # And I'll be in Scotland afore ye # For me and my true love will never meet again # On the bonnie, bonnie banks of Loch Lomond. # Dear Deborah's always been extremely musical! That was a most entertainment, Major Gordon. I think it helped that you beat time with your spoon. I generally do so when a piece transports me. Well, Major Gordon, I do hope Cranford continues to delight you. Madam, I am sure it shall. I always think the garden party shows Hanbury off at its very best. It is a pity that my son's health will not permit him to witness it. Has Lord Septimus sent word? I received a letter just this morning. Most regretfully expressed. Perhaps next year we might commission an artist to record the event. An engraving could be sent to Italy. Next year, Mr Carter, I am certain that Lord Septimus will be with us. Oh, Mary! Chairs with their legs in the air! LAUGHTER Oh! We must not let my sister go in there! Oh, Deborah! Matilda, the uproar is temporary, you must calm yourself! I suggest we all repair to the kitchen to take tea. Tea? In the kitchen? But, um... that is not our custom! We will come to no harm if we do so this morning. But, Deborah, Mr Johnson's men are in the kitchen. And Jem Hearne! And where is Martha? Well, she is in the kitchen too. The men complained of thirst. Indeed? Well, I suggest you both go out, and find for yourselves some constructive occupation. Jem Hearne, what are you are doing here? It is as well we do not have a new carpet every day of the week! Defective! Miss Galindo, have you nothing that will elongate my face? If you will wait, I shall seek some wired ribbon. And the feather box. What is the difference between Italian straw and ordinary straw? It is twice the price, and there is much less of it! It is altogether more superior, Mrs Forrester. Not least because it is lighter, and less injurious to the hair. What is the view in Manchester on turbans, Mary, dear? Are they out or are they in? They have been in these past three years. I think I could quite like myself in a turban. Had you a particular colour in mind? Scarlet. Scarlet? For a garden party? You will look like a blackamoor! Why this mania for the Oriental? We are not performing in a pantomime! I swear, Miss Galindo lacks all appetite for stimulating intercourse! For all her father was a baronet, I have never seen her wearing lace of any note. BABY CRIES Mam? Mam? Dadda'll get a surprise when he sees the baby. He went to try his luck maybe Northwich way. He could be gone another week. He'll bring something when he comes. The baby needs milk now. I'm not well. We should've gone to Manchester last fortnight. We've so little time! There is nothing there that cannot be got in Cranford! And I daresay we shall be the first since the delivery. This is the most appealing colour! Oh, Miss Pole. You are very prompt. Would you call it sage or loden? I would call it rhubarb - there is a red glint to it when it moves beneath the light. We are both planning gowns for Lady Ludlow's party. I hear your new bonnet will refresh you altogether. Oh, Augusta! Have you seen this? Two flounces to the skirt, each with a scalloped edge. Oh, dear Sophy Hutton would look very well in that. She has the youthfulness to carry it and a waist like a wand! I cannot remember the last It takes 25 yards... Are you saying it cannot be afforded? Because if you are even thinking that, I wish you to speak plainly! I am not thinking it! Your cheeks are looking very hot. You are not yourself. My heart is suddenly battering in my chest! It is the strangest sensation. Mrs Johnson, fetch a chair! This could be apoplexy. Does she need a glass of water? I need the doctor. Dr Morgan is an hour's ride off! The corn factor's niece has the quinsy. On both sides! Then I'll have to have the other doctor. It is completely unaccountable. She has always been so strong. I detect no serious illness, but I will investigate. These palpitations are at the very least injurious to your mother's nerves. Dr Harrison! We are sisters! Oh, I am so sorry. I would like to listen to the patient's heart. With my stethoscope. If you would be so kind, Miss Tomkinson. It seems perfectly sound. I feel it beating very fast. I find that quite common in the fairer sex. But you are a little pale. I should like to see some roses in those cheeks. You are most attentive. I have seen cats crouching in this manner! Poised to pounce on mice! Only cats do not have to keep their eye on heaven, to see where the sunbeams will fall next. It will be out from behind that cloud at any moment. Oh, there! Quick Mary, another piece! Unless we are thorough, the carpet will fade and spoil in weeks! Wait, I have not quite stitched these two together. There! Oh! It is such an enterprise! Jessie. Convey your news. I have been sent anemones. And a note - "With the compliments of Major Gordon!" Anemones? We must look them up in the Language of Flowers! Mary, it is a diminutive volume to the left of the shelf. It is so difficult to know what is intended. Every species of bloom is supposed to mean something! Although whether men make a study of it is another matter! Anemones - "Love Ever Steadfast"! Oh! That is apt! Apt? Oh, Major Gordon paid me a degree of attention once before, in Yorkshire. A very marked degree of attention. After my mother died, he asked me to marry him! But then my sister fell ill, and I was forced to tell him that I was not free. I told no-one, and Father never guessed. And now... ...anemones. You are quite the dark horse! You've got to fill the jug and take it home. The baby's starving. I don't like touching udders! If you fetch milk for the baby, every night, I'll get you a bun of your own on a Friday. Every Friday? Just do it. I'm going to go and check the traps. SQUEALING SQUEALING STOPS Bessie! You must understand, Captain Brown, that that cow is not an animal to me. It is capable of human feeling! She smoothes its muzzle with a chamois leather. Do you think it likely, Captain Brown, that the beast has been taken by robbers? Before we leap to the most severe conclusion, I suggest we scour all likely woods and copses. I will direct the search myself. Ah! Here's Major Gordon! I am sure he will be only too pleased to assist us. Bessie! Bess! Bessie! Bessie! Bess! Major Gordon! Mrs Forrester informs me that she'll be more likely to come if you call out, "Bessie, dearest!" Bessie, dearest! LOWING She's fallen in the lime pit! Mrs Forrester, remain on the bank! Major Gordon, fetch ropes, and two strong men! At once. Jessie dear, take him to Jem Hearne's yard! Oh! Oh! The smell is abominable. Matilda, come away! Bess! I think the odour is the burning of the poor thing's hair. The lime has singed it off. What care I if she lives on bald? She will not be bald if she cannot recover - she will be naked! It pains me to say so, Mrs Forrester, but the poor bare beast will have to be destroyed unless you are prepared to dress it in pyjamas. I think perhaps we need the smelling bottle! Oh, this has gone beyond smelling bottles! Deborah, dear? Major Gordon has his arm about Jessie Brown's waist! And that is exactly where it ought to be. Oh, Major Gordon! Scabious? Oh, do not take fright. What is in here will not harm you. I've carried this with me these three years. It is a modest little thing, and I could rise to something grander now my uncle has died. But I thought... ...the ring that held all my old hopes with it was the best. It has waited so long for its turn. Have you spoken to my father? I shall... Once I am sure of your answer. We must marry quickly. It will make for a quiet celebration. Can we not wait? I am still in mourning. The regiment has had its orders. For India. India! In three weeks, we sail for Chunderayabad. I cannot accept this. But I thought you had encouraged me. I did encourage you! I did. But now the consequence of that is plain. Now that you give me news of India, I can see that I was being selfish. There is not one selfish bone in your body, Jessie Brown! First your mother. I waited. Then your sister, and I waited still. What is there to keep you from me now? Not everyone I love has been taken, Major Gordon. Jessie! My father dreads solitude more than he fears the grave! It is not in his nature to live alone! What if it is not in my nature to live alone? I do not wish to speak harshly, but it seems you do not care what you ask of me! I cannot make both of you happy. Do not force me to choose! What would you have me do, Jessie? Make you a prisoner to my will? You weren't planning on playing this evening, were you? No, Father. I wasn't. Put down that romance and close your eyes. At once, I bid you! What is this? It is silk. And it is red... and there is a great deal of it! How's this been afforded? Oh, Augusta, we were to have had a gown apiece! It was agreed. Well, you needed a tonic, and I can wear an extra brooch or two. There are plenty in my trinket box that get insufficient outings. I cannot imagine what Mrs Forrester is going to wear. She was ahead of me in Johnson's, and purchased a very great quantity of grey flannel. What about the milk? There's a flap underneath. And how is your stepmother's health, Mary dear? Oh, it is exceedingly abundant! In fact, so abundant that she will attend Lady Ludlow's garden party even though my father will be detained by business in town. She will drive out to Cranford from Manchester that morning. Are you looking forward to the party at Hanbury Court, Dr Harrison? It is quite an honour to be invited. I haven't given it much thought. Oh, but you must! I understand it to be the social event of the year. Of course, I cannot possibly go. So recently widowed. It would not be seemly for me to attend. That was a fine repast, Mrs Rose. But if you will excuse me, I have some business to attend to. Are you looking forward to the garden party, Mrs Johnson? Mr Johnson is. I shall be up till all hours, polishing the mayoral chain. Dr Harrison! Hello, Walter. Hello, Miss Hutton. We've come for whitening paste for my sisters' shoes. Kid is such a trial to keep clean. And where will you be going looking so spotless? Oh, the garden party at Hanbury Court. We all are. Are you going? Most certainly. On the day itself, all riders and carriages meet by the heath at noon. It is always done so, and I am sure you'd be welcome to follow the party. If you didn't want to ride there alone, that is... Noon it is, then! Miss Hutton. Thank you. What can I get for you, Doctor? A... brush. Pastry, yard, hearth, scrubbing or hair? If you want hair, they're in Fancy Goods. INAUDIBLE VOICES ...I don't want to be marked out. You cannot help it that your clothes are smart. No. My stepmother took me in hand this spring, when she was between confinements. Is she to be confined again? She is always to be confined. And it is always everybody else's fault. LAUGHTER Walter! I told you, you are not supposed to listen in to You said conversations in the drawing room. When did your mother die? When I was eight. My mother died when Walter was born. I sometimes feel she is still right by my side. I am doing her work, looking after her house, bringing up her children. I should find it hard, to bear your burden. Oh, do not mistake me! I love them all dearly, but I am so very tied to them. Walter is still only six, and the girls will be at home for years... before they marry. Should you like to marry? I don't think I should get the chance. I am too busy at home to go into society, and if I did I would have no conversation! What man wants to hear Lizzie has grown out of her dresses again, or Walter has broken his slate? Men wouldn't want you to talk, Sophy. They only require that you should listen! YEAH! Happy Birthday, Harry. Dadda! Do you like the new baby? He looks like a Gregson. He'll do me. Open it. Boots! You're ten year old. A growing boy. You've been doing a man'sjob, looking after this lot. I reckon you deserve some decent leather on your feet. Thank you. What are you looking at? The letters. I know this word. It says "James". That's the baby's name. Don't you go dallying around with that. Learning's not for everyone. We do all right without. BABY CRIES Now, go and do the rabbit traps, go on. What the hell d'you think you're playing at? I never touched anything! It is of no consequence whether you touched anything! You committed a trespass, and a magistrate would view it severely. The Lord's Prayer says, "Forgive us our trespasses." How do you know? I have been in a church. Boys as young as you can be sent to gaol, and are! Once you go down that road, there is no turning back. You have the chance, now, to choose a different path. Do you understand me? What are you doing? My mam says there's salt on the palm of your hand. People need salt. If you go giddy, you should suck on it. I never touched that fruit. Here. Better? It's a bit soft. I shouldn't think your wife would like me eating this. My wife isn't here to like it or not like it. She died. Besides, this is my office, not my home. I wouldn't mind an office. I like the way everything's covered in words. . Come on, let's wash that face. The preparations are going well, Mr Carter? Very well, my lady. And who is that boy? His name is Harry. He is the son of... of a village family. I have hired him temporarily, to run messages for me. And what of the little white Shetland? Has it been re-shod? Indeed. Harry, ask the gardener if he's ready for the plants. Bring me word. Put the tables here. We need five dozen chairs. No, not here. The west terrace. Harry! Run to the dairy and tell the maids to make ready. The ice for the ice cream will arrive in 20 minutes. What's ice cream? I want you to come to my office tomorrow. At sunset. I want to speak with you. Have I done wrong? No, not at all. You have done very well. Just the sixpence, then? Go on with you. Sorry, sir. As you are first, Miss Matty, you may take your choice. EXCITED CHATTERING Miss Jenkyns, let me assist you! Move along, my dear. Mary, dearest! Is that Mary's stepmother? Why didn't you curl your hair? Yes, Mrs Clara Smith. Hello, mamma. Hello, everyone! I cannot bear to hear you calling me "mamma"! It is absurd, since our ages do not differ very greatly. Hold Ralph. Your face will look much pleasanter with a baby held up next to it. That was efficiently done, Captain Brown. Oh, I have commanded one hundred men. Five ladies give... little more trouble. He is not ill, only a little hoarse. I think it would be best if he did not have to sit on damp grass and be exposed to breezes! Well, I'm not staying at home with him! Lizzie? Oh, Sophy, he never listens to a single word I say! Oh, Dr Harrison. Good afternoon, ladies. Come along, I think the air will do you good. It is such a comfort to know that you are joining our party today. My sister has not been in society since her health declined. Dr Harrison! At your command. I hope we shall take tea together later. Sophy dear, your cart looks very full! We have room for someone to ride bodkin! It would make for such a merry party! Helen, go and sit with Miss Deborah! Perhaps young Walter would like to ride with me? Yes, please! Oh, I see someone doesn't crush her silk. That's a smart little pony. And it's the only day of the year he earns his keep! I fear I am very sentimental, Charles, but I cannot bear not to keep a Shetland. Septimus learned to ride on one. And they remind me of a time when there were children in the house. Although I cannot help but recall how Septimus loathed all equestrian pursuits! He was always more than happy to let me take his turn! Do you remember how he complained? How he said that rising in the saddle always put his hat askew? None of his brothers cared. God rest their souls. Dear Septimus. I still hope that he may find a suitable bride whilst living out in Italy. That there may yet be an heir for all of this. I think, perhaps, that you should not hope too hard. No. CHATTERING Mmm. It relieves me to see that your collar took no harm. I saw Puss giving me a look "Only we know where that has been!" If it is a secret now, it will not be for long, banded about all over the ice cream! I want you each to take one egg and one spoon. I should have liked a little brother of my own. I was an only child, I always longed to have a bigger family. It is harder work than it appears! Are you all lined up? YES! Is everybody ready? YES. Come and Dr Harrison! My sister has had another strange collapse. Now, I want you all to give me your very best attention because when I clap my hands, it's time to... GO! EXCITED SHOUTING Go, Walter! Oh, Walter! Well done! Look, your favourite! Remember your manners, Walter, what do you say? Thank you very much, Miss Matilda. Have you had one? CHATTERING Miss Matilda Jenkyns? I should never have known you! I could never have mistaken you, Mr Holbrook. You are well and happy, I hope? I am always well and happy. And your sister, too? She is well and happy, too. I shouldn't keep you. No. Should I send for the gig? I think the patient might rally after a morsel of luncheon. Do please go back to our friends, Augusta - I am properly supervised. Oh! Mmm. What is next? Oh, the display of the orphans' worsted work? It is all such a sequence of continuous delights. One moment, dear. How this girl would suit your house! Such compressed proportions! Are you full grown, my child? I am 13, madam. And your mother and your father, were they tall? I might just manage another merry thought of chicken. Right. Or possibly not. I find the wine quite fortifying. Um, Dr Harrison! Mary wishes to go on the lake, and insists she can row... I can! ...but her father is so careful of her. I know he would want her to be with somebody who can swim. Can you swim? Like a fish. Oh! Well! I do not encourage her behaviour, Dr Harrison. I am sure you would be the first to own there is not the smallest spark of attraction between us. Miss Smith, I'm dismayed that you feel you must apologise. I am constantly forced to make light of it. But it is so hard to be reminded that my absence from home is desired so very earnestly! I am so sorry. Do not even think to take my hand! She has the eyes of a hawk and will imagine an engagement! Do you think you will settle in Cranford, Dr Harrison? There is no dark purpose to my question. I am only being polite. It is a town unlike any other I have known before. It attracted me at first because it was my mother's home. But I find I love it for its own sake now. All around us, England shifts and changes, but Cranford stands fast. Its women are like Amazons, and to those that live here, it is the world entire. And it has one great attraction I could never find elsewhere! Now, that is what I call an intriguing remark. Are you a man in love? Perhaps. With Sophy Hutton? Is it very plain? Only to me, I think. Do you suppose I have a chance? I have not known her long, but I think you will find her quite kindly disposed. And I wish you well. Laurentia, I had hoped to speak with you today. I have had reason to write to Septimus. Well, I trust you have plenty He writes Lady Ludlow the most delightful letters, but they are always such an age in coming. I sought his view on a transaction of mine. I have agreed to sell a portion of land. To the Grand Junction Railway Company. A railway company? The railway will be brought within a mile or two of Cranford. Before the year is out, Lady Ludlow will be asked to name her price. For Hanbury Court? No, just part of it. To allow the railway to be brought into Cranford itself. Lady Ludlow will never sanction it. She agrees with the Duke of Wellington. That the railway will encourage the lower orders to move about! Well, the company will not be easily rebuffed. I will be candid with you, Laurentia... ...I am one of its directors. What ever is amiss with you, Matilda? I am quite as I should be, sister. There has just been such a superfluity of dainties. Put no further pastries to your lips for you will choke when you hear the news I must report! This is more shocking than when Wombwell's lions came and the little child's arm was bit clean off! The railroad is to come to Cranford! I rehearsed those words all the way from the worsted work! I am not remotely sure that we should give this credence. Miss Galindo turned as white as paint, and she has a most disciplined cast of countenance. Did you question Sir Charles? Did you ascertain the facts? I can tell you all the facts that are required! The railway will cut across Sir Charles's estate and power towards us like a bull that cannot be stopped and by 1845 we shall be utterly undone! Tea?! Tea?! With such calamity before us?! Allow me to proceed if you please. Captain Brown! Captain Brown! Captain Brown, I am sure, as our neighbour, you will agree that the railway will be the end of Cranford? I think it will be the end of Cranford as we know it. It will bring opportunities for the labourer and the tradesman, it will be easier to move farm goods, and bring people in and out. The pace of life will quicken, we will join the modern age! Captain Brown, do you consider that acceptable? Well, I am afraid of neither change nor progress. I cannot afford to be. Why reduce this debate to a discussion of your means? I am an Army Captain on half-pay, with a daughter to support. And I am about to enter the Company's employ. When construction of the new line starts, I shall be Head of Works. This is startling news. It is more than startling to me, There are still some matters to be clarified. But I am likely to be away a great deal, my dear. It will be all change for us! You are the architect of our community's destruction! You have betrayed your daughter, your neighbours and your town, and you've wilfully kept your machinations secret! I did not mean to deceive you. I am sorry if I have offended you. Oh, do not think that you owe us an apology. Apologies are required only when friends cause vexation to friends. Our acquaintance is clearly at an end. I do all this with your happiness in mind! I cannot believe you have made such plans and told me nothing of them! I had determined to remain at home and care for you in your old age! I am not in my dotage yet! It would appear you are not, if you are to be gadding about all over the country on railway business! You plainly have no need of my attentions! I must work. You have nothing and no-one but me. When I die, I cannot leave you destitute. I might have had a husband, Father. My dear girl. You spent your youth nursing others. You never had any chance of such a thing. If ever I did, then I do not now. You once said to me that if there was a school in Cranford, you would not go. Do you stand by that? There ain't no school, only a housework school. There is a world out there that is full of books and figures and words and rules and symbols that make all of the parts of our society move together like one great and glorious machine! Learning's not for everybody. We are all born knowing nothing, and we can die that way should we so choose. Ignorance is not a crime. But it is a waste. And waste is sinful. I don't know. What don't you know? Where to start. I'll show you where to start. Stop pushing, Helen. Be careful. Oh, Caroline. Ooh. I do believe there are roses in your cheeks. It is Dr Harrison who put them there. Perhaps we will be dispensing with his services. Do not be so swift! I am not that well recovered. Good evening, ladies. Come on now, you'll be warm in a moment. That's it. Would Walter like to ride with me again? You are very kind, but he is so tired, which means he is likely to become quite cross. I am not tired! Walk on. Captain Brown's conduct is not to be tolerated. To insinuate himself into our society like a... snake! Oh, sister, not a snake! That is very harsh! He is at the very least a wolf in sheep's attire! To make us take him into our trust so and have us all think he is so sensible and wise! I am sure Captain Brown would have told us all in good time! It is only because of Miss Pole that it has all come out in such a way. You will neither of you be so tender when Cranford is overrun with noise and disease and the Irish! When there are more streets and strangers, and we can neither know our neighbours nor keep anything in check! I suddenly have a headache of phenomenal dimension. THUD! I cannot open the door! I think she has fallen behind it! Miss Matty, I want you to go downstairs and wait there until I say to come. Fetch the doctor. KNOCK AT DOOR Doctor, you've been sent for! Where am I to go? KNOCK AT DOOR Sorry. Thank you for coming so swiftly. Who is my patient? Show him to Sophy's room. GROANING I think it is the croup. When did this begin? Over an hour ago. Is it the croup? Children die from croup! We need a fire and a bath before it, a shallow one, not a hip bath. Is the range lit in the kitchen? Yes. We will need as much hot water as can be got up here. When you have seen to that, I will need leeches. Dr Morgan has some in supply. Please say if he can bring them himself, it will be much the better. This is all my fault! I knew that he was hoarse! I made him come out, I let him sit on the damp grass and... Miss Hutton! Miss Hutton, look at me. I was with both of you today. I watched you all the afternoon. I saw none of the neglect of which you speak. You are not to blame for this! Now, go and wring out a bedsheet in cold water. We must hang it before the fire so that it steams. Go! Go! All right, my little friend. You must do just what I tell you now. Are you praying, Sophy? I am not sure. I think I am begging. For God's mercy? For any outcome other than the one I fear will be. Sophy, what if God has willed this? Does it console you to think this might fulfil some plan? I have no choice but to be consoled by it. Otherwise my heart would break. Stay with me, for a moment's prayer. Father, I would sooner fight for his life than pray for his soul. LATCH OPENS I am so very grieved, Miss Matty. WHEEZING We'll get your boat from and you can sail it all about this bath, and tell me all the places you will go when you are grown and join the navy. There you are. Dr Harrison knows just what to do to make it better. We need more hot water. Upstairs, Doctor. More lovely steam! It is quite like the tropics in this bath. Is this the crisis? Keep talking to him! Hold tight. I think your boat has come to the equator. You must hold tight now. I suppose you may open the window now. The catch sticks. There is no need to come on tiptoe. You cannot disturb him now. CLOCK CHIMES Martha asks if you would like a cup of tea, Miss Matty? No, thank you, Mary dear. I suppose now there will be nobody to call me "Matilda" any more. Deborah did not care for my name being shortened, but everybody did it. Except she. Haste has never been our hallmark, Miss Matilda. Job Gregson, I am arresting you on a charge of robbery and assault. What is it that you want me to do, Mr Carter? Send her snowdrops. She's got that sort of face. There is a plot to rob my house tonight. Have there been any men in the vicinity? Three... and one of them had a hump! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 