Cranford: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Cranford 
 s1e4 - April 1843 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Cranford (2007–2010): Season 1, Episode 4 - April 1843 - full transcript 
 Railway construction begins. Dr. Harrison speaks to Sophy's father and he agrees that they can step out together. Harrison emphasizes that he cannot ask for her hand until he is better established and his practice more prosperous but that his intentions are entirely honorable. Caroline Tomkinson cannot understand why Dr. Harrison has not contacted her since receiving her Valentine day card so her sister decides to probe him. Mrs. Rose and her friends also misinterpret the Doctor's actions. Jessie Brown regrets having turned down Major Gordon's proposal of marriage and Mary Smith decides to do something about it. Lady Ludlow is not impressed when she learns that Mr. Carter has been teaching Harry Gregson to read and write and that he has been working in his office. Miss Matty's financial situation is severely affected when she learns that her bank has failed. May Day celebrations lead to confusion and confrontation when several ladies claim Dr. Harrington's affections. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Mr Holbrook has left everything to a nephew, Mr Edgar Miller, who was born some 20 miles from Cranford, inveigled his way into the sugar business and made a considerable fortune! How can he want to sell a place as fine as Woodley? He has told the executors he has neither time nor inclination to bring it up to date! Will there be much excitement, do you suppose? Do you think people will flock just to poke through his belongings? No-one of delicate sensibility could be remotely interested! It has the odour of grave robbing about it. How much do you think this will fetch? Whitework? Pence. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 People don't appreciate it these days. Oh, there are some splendid forks here, two-pronged, quite like the ones my father used to have. One moment... Ah... Gone! To the reverend gentleman over there! A most useful purchase. I'm learning that a house needs as many mirrors as it has daughters! Lot 29 - diversified novels in the French language... Why have you both come today? Is nobody ill? Helen! This poor young man doesn't own a stick of furniture. One and sixpence, madam. We will not put it to the bid. For a memento of my own cousin?! You will get a shilling, and no more! AUCTIONEER: Sold to the gentleman for eight pounds! And now, an oval table, poised on a pedestal foot. Am I offered two guineas for it...? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Chinese lacquerwork. Highly desirable! Am I offered two guineas? Come on there must be two guineas to start me off? Two guineas? Now, two guineas? There's two guineas? Two pounds five shillings... Two pounds five shillings? Two pounds five shillings? Two pounds five shillings. Thank you. Two pounds seven shillings, sir. Two pounds seven shillings? Two pounds seven, sir? Two pounds seven? Two pounds seven shillings. Two pounds eight shillings? Two pounds eight shillings? Two pounds eight shillings. Two pounds ten shillings, sir? Two pounds ten, sir? Two ten... Two pound ten. Two pound ten shillings. Two ten? Two ten? Sold! To the gentleman on my left. ALL: Ohh! APPLAUSE If I am not mistaken, you have the look of the bachelor about you, sir. I hope you have a lady in mind for this. Of course. And onto lot 32, Mr Holbrook's personal effects... It's very like him. It is. One and sixpence indeed. I will not hear of remuneration! Thank you. It's a very elegant piece of furniture, Dr Harrison, and so well preserved! Even the silk of the workbag hasn't frayed. The workbag? Underneath. It's a ladies' sewing table. Oh. The... The auctioneer didn't say! Were you planning to put specimens inside it? Do use it, if you'd like to. Thank you. Perhaps you have been remiss in not responding to Dr Harrison's overtures. I fear you have not encouraged him enough. How can I encourage or discourage him, when he does not call? This is the best chance of marriage I have ever had, and it is fading away! We have each other... And what will become of me, when you are gone? Where is Captain Brown today? At the railway works. And he wrote that he must go to Manchester again. He is never at home. Mary - did you ever hear from Major Gordon? No. But I suppose we did not think to! His connection in Cranford was always with your house. I wasn't sure if you had sent him a mourning card. After Miss Deborah died. I am afraid I overlooked it! He would have written if you had. I know it! He held her in such high regard. And she him. I often wonder if he thinks of us, in India. Major Gordon will not have forgotten you. I'm sure of it. How can any man forget a woman who turns him down twice? Mary, I am sure of something, too. He will never come back. This is how it begins. A mark on a map, a double line of tape. Those are just surveyors. As the railway comes closer, it will devour every acre in its path. Will it come over that hill? It will come through it. It'll split the hill in half using gun powder. Captain Brown! Sir! I've, er, written to Lady Ludlow, according to Sir Charles's instructions. Here - deliver this. Go straight there. Let me show you our progress. It's a fine day for your labours, Captain. What do you mean, it has been lost? The wind blew it out of my hand, madam. Your hand? Why was it not put safely in a pocket? It's all right. I can tell you what it said. It's from Captain Brown, who works for Sir Charles Maulver, it's about the railway. Captain Brown wants leave to bring his surveyors on your land, to better assess the price. Captain Brown told you this? No, madam. I read it. In the letter. You read a letter addressed to me? I couldn't help myself. I read everything. And who taught you to read? I was training him up as a clerk. I have more correspondence than can be dealt with without help. There are plenty of people who can read and write in Cranford. Harry Gregson ought to be working in the fields! Harry Gregson ought to be in school. Mr Carter... do you think I'm made of stone? Do you think the endless drip of water may make a dent in me? Madam, please. You must attune to the times! My father once made us keep a journal in two columns. On one side we were to put down in the morning what we thought would be the events of the day, and at night we were to put down, on the other side, what had actually happened. It was an interesting exercise. I remember sitting with Deborah, by the bedroom fire in the Rectory as if it was yesterday. She said she would have liked to have married an archdeacon, and write his sermons. Yet she remained unmarried all her life, and for all I know never even spoke to a bachelor archdeacon! But what of your dreams, Miss Matty? What did you hope would happen to you? I was never at all ambitious! Although I think I could have managed a house, my mother used to call me her right hand. Mary... ...have you ever felt yearning in your heart, when you see a mother with a baby in her arms? I have not felt it yet, Miss Matty. I dream sometimes that I have a little child. She's always the same - a sweet, rosy girl, not more than two years of age. She never grows any bigger... ...though she has come to me for decades. When does she come? When she is very sorry, or very glad. She does not speak, or make any sound at all. Just puts her mouth up to be kissed, like real babies do to their mothers. And for a moment, when I wake, I really do feel the clasp of her arms around my neck. I've always been so very fond of little children! But I was not like Deborah. I could not have written sermons. I do understand that since the expansion of the postal service you've been obliged to read and write more letters. So I have brought a helpmeet for you, someone who can already read with ease and write with a fine, clear hand. You'll feel the benefit at once. Would you come in, my dear? A lady? Yes, Mr Carter. Sir, please. You must attune to the times(!) Mrs Rose, have you heard what has occurred? Her Majesty the Queen has been brought to bed again. The Prince of Wales is still a babe in arms, I'm surprised at the Prince Consort! And they have named her Alice MAUD Mary. I'm not at all sure what I think of "Maud", it is not a name I've heard used in Cranford but... Why, Aunt Holbrook's sewing table! I think Dr Harrison likes to see me comfortable, given that it is he who makes the mending! That is as good as a betrothal! And Mrs Rose is very near as old as you and I! Also markedly grey beneath her cap. Which I am not. Do you not think she has been altogether swift in throwing off her widow's weeds? Dr Harrison is charm itself. He always wipes his boots when he comes into a house, which I believe speaks volumes. He has not reached 30! His proper nature is not out! No. I fear it has all been forged in haste. Miss Pole! Once a soul has known affection, it is more alert to the advantage of it. You are out to trounce me, because you have had a husband and I have not! Bread and butter? I have been very grateful to you, sir, for the kindness you have shown me since I came to live in Cranford. Especially when Walter's death caused such unhappiness for us all. It was the will of God. I would never berate a man of science for failure to overtake such force. Sir... I find I have formed an admiration for Miss Hutton. And I would like your permission to walk out with her. And what makes you suppose that I am likely to agree? Oh... Forgive me, Dr Harrison. I have long been rehearsing what to say when a young man came to me with a request such as this. You would imagine I would have all manner of bon mots and admonishments laid by for such an occasion, but I discover I have not. I think, sir, you should ask me if my intentions are honourable. Are they? Utterly. I am not yet in a position to ask for Sophy's hand, but I will as soon as my practice has grown, and I can offer her a comfortable home. That is, if the notion is agreeable to you. You know I have no money to settle on her? I consider it my privilege to provide, sir. I only regret I cannot do it yet. Well, I would always have encouraged a lengthy courtship, Dr Harrison. Sophy was very young when she lost her mother, and she took on so much responsibility. Walter was just a baby. She deserves some enjoyment, before settling into marriage. I will never treat her with anything less than the utmost respect and delicacy, sir. I have seen you setting store by her, you know, for these several months. I have loved her 20 years. Come along. I think we will find Sophy in the garden. Oh! Sophy, my dear. I've been talking to Dr Harrison. My father was not stern with you, was he? No, not stern, only careful. I should have been surprised if he had not been. At least I do not think that he was stern. I am afraid I am not a clever judge of countenance. I think it's why I chose to be a doctor. Patients have only two expressions - pleasure, that you are come to cure them, and fear that you will not! Do you think he is watching? Yes. Dr Harrison?! Miss Tomkinson. I hope nothing is amiss. No, not at all. Erm, Caroline is out paying calls this afternoon. I wonder, would you step inside? You are clearly intending to remain in Cranford, Dr Harrison. I've become greatly attached to the town. And to certain of its residents. I cannot deny that you have taken very gentle care of Caroline's health. I was not sure about you at first, but her palpitations do appear to plague her less. It's been a joy to see her flourish, madam. Dr Harrison, as we are today enjoying informal conversation, rather than professional intercourse, I wonder, might I ask whether you are materially secure? Well, I hope to become so, in a year or two. At present I owe nothing, earn a little, and hope for much. Do you postpone the notion of matrimony on those grounds? I fear I must, Miss Tomkinson. Marriage is not just a joy, it has its obligations, too. I have a sum of money put aside. For Caroline, so that she might have a dowry when she marries. What a generous gesture. It is more than a gesture. It is four thousand pounds. We have lived frugally, although our late father was not devoid of means. But what if her future husband does not welcome the arrangement? When I marry, I'd like to know I have built the foundation of our life and home myself. It's as important to me as the need to earn my bride's affection, and her family's trust. But he has given me no indication of his feelings! My dear, that table says it all. Besides, I suspect he made other, more discreet declarations in the past. When you were still in mourning? Well, he brought me a broom once. And... and gloves. Gloves? Yes, lavender kid. When did he present you with them? February. Valentine's Day! I think it was perhaps the week of Valentine's Day. Oh, my dear Mrs Rose! Do you know nothing of the lore of love? To ive loves at such a time is Oh! Well, I did not respond to him! You have not put him off? Has anyone else discerned his interest? Only Miss Pole. She sends her congratulations, and the name of a compound she believes you might appreciate. Martha said there was some milk left over. She thought you might like it warm, with a little honey in it. She's a good girl. Deborah always said she would turn out well. The silhouette looks handsome there. I could not put it anywhere downstairs! And even up here, I find I am afraid of what dear Deborah would say! About your remembering Mr Holbrook? Mmm. Although I do not think my brother would condemn me. I am sure he would not. He promised you muslin for your wedding gown. From a place called Secunderabad or some such, where the weaving was done. I must make a sad sight, for anyone looking down from heaven! 'Dear Major Gordon... '... and now that the railway keeps her father occupied, 'Jessie candidly regrets her refusal of your suit, 'whilst Captain Brown has said that he would like to see her wed... 'Before I close, sir, I must also ask if, 'while stationed in India, 'you might make a delicate enquiries upon a friend's behalf... ' BABY CRYING CRYING CONTINUES Rain came in in the night again, Dadda. The truth is, Dr Harrison, I am plagued by headaches and do not like Miss Matty to hear about them. Miss Deborah died after a headache, and any mention of the malady makes her very anxious. Headaches can sometimes be caused by nerves. By living in a situation which restricts, or by disappointment with one's lot. Oh, you phrase it all so well! And you look so sincere whilst you are saying it! I am sincere! You may spare me your kindness, truly you may. I have no reason to be nervous, I am not restricted, and I am too young to be disappointed with my lot! My only vexation is that I cannot read or write as well or for as long as I would like to. And the more I struggle, the worse the headaches get. Come here for me. I want you to look into the window. Now, I think the problem might not with your head, but with your eyes. You may be farsighted, or even have an astigmatism. Astigmatism? It is a refractive error. Can it be remedied? I lack the skill. But I am acquainted with an expert. Do you always do your zeds with a tail? Lady Ludlow despises zeds without them. I find I'm out of ink, Harry. Could you mix some more? Mr Carter, our work will be done by noon, with so many hands assisting! Yet you told Lady Ludlow you were so overwhelmed with correspondence you could not cope without a dedicated clerk. I needed no help. I simply hoped to help another. Harry is a clever boy. Under your tutelage, he has become quite personable. We might even recruit him for the May Day pageant. The boy has much potential. I had hoped to convince Lady Ludlow of it. I have the fondest respect for Lady Ludlow. But she will always look at Harry and see a poacher's child. Just as you will always look at me... and see a woman. I know my presence does not please you. I had thought to stick my pen behind my ear and say "zounds" from time to time. But it will not convince you of my worth. Please forgive me for speaking so plainly, but you are a milliner. Do you think I long to stitch caps and sew feathers onto bonnets? I found myself obliged to earn my living, and society offered me no other opportunity. And since I find myself commissioned to make the coronets for May Day, I have more pressing things to do than stage this pantomime of assisting you! I did not ask for you to be installed here! I hope that when you dream of schooling for the masses, you intend it for girls as well as boys. Of course. Because once the educated woman is no longer thought a novelty, room will be made for her in all trades and professions. Then, I believe, we will know what progress is! This is my favourite ledger, this is! I like the way the nib feels against the paper. FOOTSTEPS Mr Carter! I came to see how the new arrangement fares. And it is well that I did, for I see that the old arrangement remains in place! Lady Ludlow... Do not involve yourself, my dear. This is Mr Carter's doing, and I deplore it all the more because he knows my views. I let the last transgression pass. I now see that that was unwise. I will decide this boy's future in due course! It's as I thought when I first looked at you. There's a way you have of tilting your gaze. Only a very highly trained person would spot it. In your commonplace person, the cornea, or the surface of the eye, is as smooth and equally curved in all directions. The light is focused levelly across all planes. Blink... But when the curve of the cornea is different, the pupil can't focus light into a point. Blink again... The surface of your eye is like a wave of water... frozen. Can it be made good? Sooner than you think. KNOCKING Oh, Lord! Better or worse? Worse. Better or worse? Better. I will get these made up properly. You can have lenses made out of glass, or else of quartz or even beryl. Precious stones? Let's stick with the glass. No need to gild the lily. And round. One... To your left. And turn. To the right. Good. And turn. And in. And out. And in. And out. Watch this, Peggy, it's the only tricky bit! And round. And... finish! That was wonderful! Next week, Peggy, you will be quite perfect! Good day. What a nice little trap! I hired it from The George. Girls! Hurry up! Right. Lizzie, hurry up. Do you ever look at Lizzie and Helen, and marvel that you were once a child, and ran and laughed like that? By the time I was Lizzie's age mother had died. I was bringing Walter up. I had no time to play. After my father passed away, I was sent to school at Blackheath. When I came home for the holiday, the house was hushed, and my mother silent. I... used to think she was not pleased to see me. But later she confessed that the reverse was true. I suppose she did not like to show it, ...in case she found she could not stop. Which would have been alarming for us both! What was she like? Fair. A widow. And reserved. But I'm sure she loved you. I can see it now, I couldn't always then. Sophy! We're waiting for you! I think the world of you, Martha. I think the world of you. You're happy with Miss Matilda, aren't you? It's the best place I've ever had! The kitchen's a bit gloomy of an evening, but you can't put a price on kindness. Only I don't think we should wed until I can get us a place of our own. I don't mind. It's not for want of you working for it. I promise you, if we're no further on this time next year, I'll build us a place with my own bare hands. Jem, I'm not living in a wooden house! It's ever so quiet round here, Martha. I've Miss Matty's tea to get. Is your letter very droll, Mary dear? It is from Dr Marshland, he thinks it will be shocking and so he tells me to take off my spectacles before I read it! Who wrote to you today? This is from the bank. Some sort of printed sheet, not personally meant for me at all. It's a very dull communication. Oh, this is pleasant. "Johnson's Universal Stores "hosts a presentation of this season's silks and fashions. "Tea will be served to favoured clients." Am I a favoured client, do you suppose? I am certain you must be. The invitation is in his own hand. And I am summoned, too. Although I'm sure we do not wish to attend. W... Well, I will not trouble you to go, Mary dear. You have more clothes than you care about. But before my sister left us, we had much discussion about new gowns. And I think that she would urge me to go and view the silks. She did not like to seeing us shabby, she thought it demonstrated want of rectitude. Will we cover it with just branches or do you reckon it'll take ivy? How much do you care about being able to see out? I wouldn't object to it. But it's not the custom. Aye. Letter. It's from me mam. "Aunt Clegg fell prey to dropsy in the second week of Lent. "She had hid a will behind the clock, "the clock came to me and you are left a token, too. "I enclose the legacy..." I had a legacy once. It was a hat. This is more than a hat. It's a five pound note! I can scarce credit it... Five pounds?! Let me out of this contraption! I'm off. Are we heading down George? No, I reckon I'm gonna go buy my Martha something. Maybe a shawl, then save the rest. A shawl? If she had her way, it'd be a wedding ring. I never thought to see such an array as this in Cranford! Look, maize, with a cornflower spot. It quite lifts the heart! A new silk gown is an enormous undertaking. You are looking for something to last ten years... If it would be of interest, I could sell you some soft... I think I have the complexion for this plaid! People might think you are Scotch. Or a stripe. Stripes - very diminishing for the robust figure! Oh, don't you think it so kind of Mr Johnson to give us this as a sort of entertainment? Serving tea at three o'clock, I think I even glimpsed some macaroons. I am not at all diverted. Matters of fashion are all the same to those of superior breeding. Is that violet bale a taffeta or a mousseline? Mousseline. Six and nine the yard. Oh, splendid, Mr Hearne! He made such a fine job of my new gate. I've not had a goose in my garden since. I still should not let him walk out with a maid of mine. He is a most respectable and hard-working young man, Mrs Jamieson! And six foot two, in his stockinged feet, do you suppose? Why else would they choose him as Jack in the Green? I know what it is. But where's it come from? I got as a legacy from an aunt! I don't query how you came by it. Only the bank upon which it is drawn. It's the Town and County... it's a good bank, isn't it? It's in Manchester. It's in the Manchester Guardian too, and things are going ill for it. I'll not take it, it won't be honoured. You may pay in cash, naturally. Do you reckon I can just go out, and pick up money off the pavement? Excuse me. May I see the note that is in question? I am a shareholder of that bank. Is this note a forgery? No. But by the end of the week it'll be worthless. Town and County's in trouble, and looks probable to fail. I will give you five good sovereigns for that note, Jem Hearne. If the bank is to fail, I cannot have it on my conscience that good, honest people will lose an amount that means so much to them! Miss Matty, I wouldn't want you to lose out, on account of me. I shan't, I'm sure of it. In a day or two that note will be as good as gold again. Come, Jem. Do not distress my feelings. Now, buy Martha that shawl. I considered it my duty! And will you consider it your duty to give sovereigns in exchange for every Town and County note you meet with? Forgive me. I've never been of a very decided mind. But when I was in the shop, the course of action seemed quite clear to me! Because it was not a personal letter, she thought it could not be of any consequence. Now, when I retrieve it, I read all about this "extraordinary meeting". It is not until Friday. Miss Matty may still attend, if she should wish. But it is unlikely to be a calm affair. Captain Brown, I do not wish to take you away from Cranford, when you are here so little, but are you likely to be in Manchester this Friday? I can arrange to be. Harry Gregson. I'm pleased that you are punctual. Mr Carter taught me to tell the clock, my lady. And a great many other things besides. I am aware of the respect you have for Mr Carter, but I feel his influence upon you has not been altogether kind. Help is needed with the cattle. And I have found you occupation with the livestock on the farm. I work for Mr Carter! He pays me out of his own pocket! That is no longer the case. I've been giving money to my mother! I quite understand. Since the poaching affair, your father has proved slightly more responsible. But hedging and ditching is seasonal work and sooner or later he may need to poach to feed you. And if he does, I'll not step in again. Once you start work in the cowsheds, you will be a formal employee of the Hanbury Estate. The wage will be of the utmost advantage to your family, and you will keep the position all your life. Did you know about this? Until an hour ago, no. I am sorry, Harry. For what? Teaching me to read? I will never be sorry for teaching you to read! I only regret that the world is such that you could be punished for learning. You can't stop this happening, And I'm sorry to say the bank's meeting closed in uproar. It was an ugly scene. And nothing can be done for the people who invested there? None of their money will ever be returned? The bank is broken, every penny in it lost. I am sorry, Miss Matty, to bring you such sad news. It is not your fault. Can I offer you some tea? And you must have other investments. Some. Certainly. I have lived on very meagre funds for years, Miss Matty. It can be done. Now, I must leave. I am expected at the railway works. But if I can be of any comfort or assistance, send for me. Please. What are these other investments, Miss Matty? What is it that you plan to live on? I have a very small amount, in savings. It was never thought sufficient to invest. I did not want to dismay poor Captain Brown! It's so unpleasant for him to bring such news! Oh, Miss Matty... I can't believe you're giving me notice! I can't! Jem's taken that shawl back to Johnson's. He's bringing you back the whole five pounds! Martha. This concerns so much more than the shawl and the five pounds! I don't care. I'll never leave you, Miss Matty! Never! Martha... I know when I have a good mistress, even if you don't know when you've got a good servant! Martha! You must listen to reason! Reason? Reason just means what someone else has got to say! I can talk reason, when I've got a mind to, and I've got a mind to now. I've got clothes put away and a little bit saved. I'll work for no pay. You can give me notice every hour of the day if you like. But I'm stopping. Your loyalty does you credit and Miss Matty will be lost without you. You're staying with her. I wouldn't dream of leaving. But I at least can pay my way here, with the allowance I get from my father. The truth of the matter is that Miss Matty is now going to have such a meagre sum to live upon, she will not even be able to find the money for your food. Indeed, she will be hard pressed to find the money for her own. Is it as bad as that? It is every bit as bad as that. Laurentia, my dear. I wish you to come out with me. It would be a pleasure, Lady Ludlow. I have had a letter this morning from Lord Septimus in Italy. And I have not shared its contents with Mr Carter. Very well. And he will not accompany us this afternoon. EXPLOSION Captain Brown, my lady. I represent Sir Charles, at the Works. If your ladyship would care to come with me to the engineer's office, I would be delighted to exhibit all the plans. It is but a short way off. And do those plans include a map of the line going all the way to Cranford? Depicting the route it would take across my land? Sir Charles asked that they be drawn up in full. EXPLOSION Then I will see them. The plan is for a new and superior residence for Septimus in Italy. He enclosed it with his letter. The cost of building this will be... Considerable. His rented villa no longer suits the requirements of his health. His doctors suggest that he moves to Lake Lugano. I cannot deny him. I should. I know I should. But I find I must wrestle my reverence for Hanbury with my regard for him. And he is always the victor. My lady, he will inherit the estate. Surely his wellbeing goes hand in hand with that of Hanbury. You cannot know what it is to have a son, Mr Carter. Perhaps I cannot know. But I think I can imagine it. Then you must understand that I have but one choice... To give him all that he asks, and leave a mortgage on the estate when I die. Or to give him all that he asks... ...and sell one third of my estate to the railway. You do not look happy, Caroline. What has lowered your spirits so? Dr Harrison's neglect of me. He's not neglectful, merely mindful of your health. If he were truly mindful of it, he would declare himself. I cannot idle along like this forever, I'm almost 33! The May Day atmosphere will bring him out. You sound very certain. He is a man with much respect for the romantic almanac. In the lore of love, May Day is nigh on as valued as St Valentine's. I haven't a grey hair myself. I use it only as a preventative measure. It smells a little odd, Miss Pole. It has indigo in it. Which is an African vegetable. Oh! What if Dr Harrison comes back? He's only gone out to lance a carbuncle! Trust us, Mrs Rose. We will work like the wind! FOLK TUNE PLAY We must hurry, before it rains again. Put the yellow one up there. Come on! Get it up there! If I say so myself Mrs Rose, I have taken years away from you. Oh! I shall not deny it! I should not wonder if the doctor went down upon his knee before all Cranford! What a beautiful evening, Dr Harrison! It is indeed. And warm. Lovely flowers. When I was a girl, I always liked to bring in May Day branches. It was said that where blossom led, true love would follow. Oh, yes? But perhaps, this year, such invocation is not needed. Perhaps true love has already found a home here. You should not doubt it for a moment. Woohoo! It's May Day! MARTHA SOBS GENTLY Oh, Martha, that is beautifully done. Now fetch your best bonnet. Let's enjoy this lovely day. Their breeches are hanging in a very strange way. We must adjust them, come on! You adjust them. They're growing lads, they'll be embarrassed. Jack in the Green goes first, the Morris men immediately following. Harry! Have you put straw round the may pole? Harry! Hurry up! All right. Let's get on with it! CHEERING DRUM BEAT FOLK TUNE PLAYS My dear Mrs Rose! How very charming you look today. Do please come and join Dr Harrison and me. Thank you. You are doing very well. Nobody has noticed there is anything amiss. People will find out soon. How will it be revealed? Will the bank come and take my furniture away? You are not bankrupt. You do not owe a penny. I owe Mr Goddard the butcher for a neck of mutton! Oh, that isn't of much account. It is to me. The little I have must go so many ways. Good afternoon. Such a delightful day. We believe that it will prove so! There you are, Jem. Thank you, I'll have that. Can you not just enjoy yourself a second? Martha! Martha! What is it, Martha? Can't it wait? Just come out from under there! This is an honour! Oh, it's a different story when you want something! DRUM BEAT My lady. Pass me the crown, Harry. Jem and I have decided to get married. We've what? But you have not been engaged! While, and see no reason for delay. Do we, Jem? He'll come to. He's just overjoyed with the suddenness of it all. You do not look quite certain, Jem. We were meant to be saving up. Well, there'll be no need if we get ourselves a nice, quiet lodger. Which is why we've come to you today. We'll set up in a house that'd suit us all together. You can have the parlour, and we'll live at the back. Martha... I thought you wanted it as much as I do! I do. I do, one day! But marriage... Marriage nails a man, Martha. And schemes such as this, with lodgers...? I'm sorry. I'm that flummoxed. I hope you don't think my dismay reflects my opinion of you, madam. It's just that this is such quick work. Martha, my dear. You cannot forge such a plan just to benefit me. Matrimony is a very solemn thing. Thank you, Miss Matilda. I've always it thought so. Then why do you object to it? I don't object as such! I daresay I shan't mind once it's done. I hope the Lord forgives you, Jem Hearne! Because I won't. I'm sorry. I'm just a bit fluttered. FOLK TUNE PLAYS Oh, it is a fine sight, is it not? And you, my dear Mrs Rose, do you enjoy it, too? Oh, I bless you for inviting me to Cranford, Dr Morgan. I thought when I came that my best years were done with. This is the first of many May Days, Dr Morgan, I'm sure. Did you hear that, Dr Harrison? What? I'm surprised you can hear any conversation, with Sophy Hutton banging on that tambourine. It's making my head ache, and watching those girls revolving makes me giddy! Oh! The blood is draining from her face! Dr Harrison, can you see it? It is... It is hard to tell, against a dress so brightly coloured! Go to the refreshment tent, get a glass of water. I see Sophy Hutton's parasol is idle by the rector's seat. Reverend Hutton, might I borrow this? Oh, please. My sister has suffered a nervous eclipse. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I think it will be resolved without mishap. We expect her engagement to be announced today, and anticipation has taken its toll! An engagement... Am I the first to know? I think it appropriate. Her fiance is a proud man, but she has a substantial dowry. I expect the banns to be called very soon! Is she be marrying a gentleman from Cranford? She will be marrying Dr Harrison. Will you excuse me a moment? Miss Matty, you have sat long enough alone. I think it's sensible to seek out your friends. We must still conceal my misfortune from them. They would want to know, so that they might console you. I do not wish to solicit sympathy. There is many a poor person with less than I. Think of poor Martha. What will her future be? She has no family at all. Dr Harrison! Sophy! I thought the dancing was quite wonderful. I did not think you would be swayed by money. What money? Caroline Tomkinson's dowry. Do not ask me to go into vulgar detail. It is enough you're promised to another! I don't know what you mean. You know everything! £4, 000! Although you pretended to spurn it. Spurn it? Yes, as one masquerading as a gentleman would. Sir, I do not understand this charge! I have no interest in this lady's hand. Oh, sister! Your pretence to ignorance compounds the crime. I did not spurn Miss Caroline's dowry. It was not offered to me. And why should it be, when I have an understanding with another? Yes! A very definite understanding! Mrs Rose, defend your fiance! Mrs Rose? We're not formally engaged. But we share an understanding... Don't we? Sophy, go and find your sisters. I would rather not. If Dr Harrison is to defend himself, I think it only right I should stay to hear him. I do not understand how I have given this impression. My only understanding is with the Reverend Hutton. And it concerns his daughter. Mrs Rose, I will escort you home. You will come to me at my house to explain your betrayal of my faith in you. And what of my sister, and myself? Who will be our advocate? Who will demand amends for us? It spoke of marriage! I kept it! I could produce it in a court of law, as evidence of breach of promise! He can breach as many promises as he likes. It is my trust he has broken. And my daughter's heart. Come along. Sophy! Take deep breaths. That's good. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd E-mail subtitling@bbc.co.uk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 