Grand Designs: Season 13, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Designs 
 s13e5 - Strathaven, South Lanarkshire - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Designs (1999–…): Season 13, Episode 5 - Strathaven, South Lanarkshire - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The word hobby for most of us suggests, I don't know, collecting beer mats or, erm, growing prize tomatoes. For some people, of course, hobby means flying light aircraft, so imagine if you were part of that happy band, that eccentric breed. How excited you would feel about turning your hobby into your business, about owning an airfield and then being given the opportunity to build a house there. It would be like living over the shop. Ever since he was a boy Colin MacKinnon has been obsessed with flying. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 So, when he inherited £60,000 eight years ago, he did what most aviation nuts could only dream of. He bought an airfield and set up his own flying school in Strathaven near Glasgow. It's a lifestyle sort of thing, really. It's not something you go into to make loads of money, it's not something you go in, if only, to do not very much work and just watch the cash roll in. You've got to be passionate about it. It's not a Monday to Friday, nine to five job. It's a bizarre and wonderful life. And Colin's got a daredevil to share it with. Spanish-born Marta Briongos. She's a trapeze artist. When not performing death-defying stunts, she teaches... hovercraft. I am the hovergirl! Is just an extra business for the airfield. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And it is something that is fun, people enjoy it. At the moment they live two miles away, but with its madcap collection of planes and hovercraft, the airfield in this blustery part of Scotland, is Marta and Colin's true home. Determined to be closer to that, they have got permission to build a new house here tied to the business. How do you describe the building to people that do not know that you are building? It's going to have two floors because we will have most of our living space on the first floor which will give us a better view over the entire airfield. So it's going to be a bit like a control tower? A little bit like a sort of control tower, yes. It means we can have a good look over things, see what is going on, but living on the first floor gives us privacy, so it means when people are taxiing round, they're not looking in your living room window. A very modern building. Very different from the traditional Scottish way of building. Because normally it is wooden frames and our building is a steel frame. And then it is going to be clad in metal, corrugated aluminium rather than corrugated steel. We thought, we felt it had to be something in keeping with the airfield and because the hangars are clad in metal, we thought... So you are going to make a metal clad house? Yeah, yeah. The airfield's 850 feet above sea level on a very exposed site. So, there are practical reasons for choosing to make their house out of a hard wearing material. We wanted something absolutely solid with the wind up here, there is no way it was going to budge. It's windy today. What's it like in October or January? October can be very, very wild. We get winds of 100 miles an hour here at least once a year, I think. I mean, that's a lot of wind! We get snow up here, sometimes you can be snowed in up here. Marta, what does it represent for you, this place? I never lived more than seven years anywhere in my life and I lived in different countries and I love Scotland. Every time I go to a new place, I have always took my hat off and say this is home, but this I feel it's going to be my home home, las home home! Big home! Big home! The 100mph storms up here demand a durable, robust building, one inspired by aircraft hangars that can be put up quickly. So, Colin and Marta will have a dazzlingly complicated but elegant 335-piece steel frame, carefully designed and cross-braced to resist the fearsome wind up here. The sides and roof of the house will be super-insulated and clad in corrugated aluminium to resist corrosion. They'll also be putting in thick curtain wall glazing with a heat-reflective coating. Inside, the ground floor will house a state-of-the-art wood pellet boiler, the garage, four curved bedrooms with facilities and a slender spiral staircase which will lead up to the first floor - Colin and Marta's elevated private apartment, containing a master bedroom, a veranda, snug and the open plan centrepiece of their live/work home. This will be their air traffic control centre for living in, a sitting room, kitchen and balcony where they can keep track of everything going on outside. Under the large glazed roof light on the second will sit an office for Colin and a painting studio for Marta. Built in steel and clad in metal, this will be a domestic house built like, well, an aircraft hangar, using commercial techniques, but it is much more complex and it would demand every skill of a professional project manager, let alone a beginner like Colin. Who's going to be the site supervisor? That's us! I mean, we're here every day anyway because of work, so in that sense, we are always going to be involved in it. If we employed a project manager to be here every day, we'd then end up being on top of the project manager and it'd be a layer of complexity and potentially confusion as well as to actually who was in charge of this. And the building programme is going to take how long? We want to get the house wind and waterproof, ready for winter. The inside of it, then we can work away on over winter and into next year. This time next year we'll have our airfield open day and it would be very nice to have our house finished. Next summer? Next summer. OK. How much money have you got to spend? Somewhere between 450 and £500,000. We were hoping to do the house without having to get a mortgage or borrow any money, because we have some money from selling our previous house. I hope it's enough. Probably not. Probably not. So, where does the money come from then, if you go over? Well... Well... We're talking at one time. We've got a nice painting that I bought many, many, many years ago which might be worth 40 or £50,000. Well, they might need more contingency than that, because £100,000, a fifth of Colin's budget, is tied up in an insurance claim to reimburse him for an event that almost destroyed his business. A couple of years ago last May, we had a fire in our neighbour's garden next door that spread through this wall. It set fire to an aircraft that was parked here. Unfortunately because of the heat and the smoke, every aircraft that was in the hangar here, 26 aircraft, were written off as a result of the fire. We're still arguing about the insurance. In the meantime, Colin cannot even raise a mortgage to cover the shortfall, because he can't get one. His project is unusual in that it is attached to the airfield business. Without that money in place, Colin and Marta are starting a project they may not be able to finish, a project in any case, that they are not experienced or adept enough to finish. This is going to be a technical piece of ambitious, expensive construction. You can think of Marta and Colin's house as a big shed, can't you? It's going to be clad in aluminium, it's going to have this big, sweeping roof and it's even going to have some curves on it as well. But, of course, being a home it also needs to be beautifully crafted, really well put together with fantastically detailed junctions. It wants to look like a piece of architecture. It does not want to look like that(!) Colin's lack of experience is a significant worry for his architect, Richard Murphy. If you are going to do a steel-framed building, you've got to get all the details very just so. In order to make the thing add up, Colin is sort of being the builder, he is organising all the subcontractors. I'm just going to keep my fingers crossed that it all kind of works out well because there's all the recipes for a project that could go spectacularly wrong. In July, one month in, a commercial steel works start making the 335-piece metal frame. This is no heavy-duty warehouse skeleton, though. These are slender and refined pieces. It's been challenging. When I first met the architect and engineer, it started to become apparent that they were looking for something a bit special, you know, in terms of the steelwork designs. These commercial fabricators are the first in a long line of specialist industrial contractors Colin's using to build his house. He's booked an expert groundworker to do the foundations, but they suddenly cancel out of the blue. We were told that the chap who was going to do the groundwork was not available until August and the steel is coming in six days' time, so Colin was amazing and decided to go and have a crash course in how to do the foundations. In the true pioneering spirit of aviation, Colin is stepping bravely into the unknown and doing the foundations himself. Except he has no real idea what he's doing. The great thing about the internet is you can just go online, 24 hours a day and you can go and get information from like, some of the biggest steel companies in the world and you can go... I can have a slightly sleepless night but at least I think we have a plan! It's a risky one, though, as Colin is well aware. The key thing is the accuracy of everything. I mean, the steel, you cannot stretch it, squeeze it, you cannot just shave a bit off it very easily. It's been made very, very exact and precise. The first step is to make up the bolt boxes on which the house sits. It's harder than it looks. That goes first. No, metal plate on the bottom first. Metal plate on the bottom first. The bolt boxes then have to be placed exactly where the steel frame will sit. It's about here somewhere. I am pretty confident these are all in the right place now. Fingers crossed, we are sort of on schedule. I hope so, because everything Colin has learned about ground working so far comes from a how-to internet guide. It almost looks like the photograph. That's reassuring, sort of. I often applaud people taking on new challenges, but this is eccentric. Even the hovercraft instructor and trapeze artist thinks that it's all a step too far. It feels funny, it feels crazy, it feels... ..totally crazy! At the airfield in Strathaven, Colin is now a month in. As well as project managing, he's also been building the footings of his house and running his flying business. He has Marta to help him and she brings her own brand of expertise in hovercraft instruction. Until now, they've been flying blind, but today the frame arrives and the accuracy of their ground works will be tested. It is one of the key stages of the house so it's a bit nervous, thinking is it all going to work? This is where we find out. Is it all going to fit together? It will fit together. It will fit together. Colin's brought in a specialist ground worker to help finish off the slab. But that is no guarantee that the steel columns will meet the foundation plates. Hooray! They fit! Straight on! Straight on! Is that not stunning?! I take my hat off to them. This is a symbolic moment. The first piece of building to go up and it fits. The way those just dropped almost straight on is just... ..unbelievable really. It's fantastic. It's just really, really, really... ..big load off the mind. The rest of it should just fly up. And it does, thanks to the accurate setting out and Colin's choice of commercial construction technology to build his house. Over the next two days, they manage to get half the structure up. It's a sense of achievement. A great sense of achievement. It makes me think that anything that happens, we will be able to actually overcome it. In August, two months into the project, the steel skeleton for their house is up. I've seen a lot of steel framed buildings, but never one that looked quite so beautiful. It has a magical ark-like shape, as much sculpture as structure. It looks almost heroic, doesn't it, this building? Don't you think? It's certainly quite big. Come on! I'm impressed by it. It's as high if not higher than that hangar there and it's on the highest bit of the land here so it is set against the sky quite strongly. The roof, doesn't that look completely majestic? I think it's absolutely brilliant the ridge is curved. It's an unusual form. If it was just pointy like a conventional ridge, it would look so dull, wouldn't it? A monopoly house. The entire thing, it would change the character of the entire building, wouldn't it? It would. I mean, that is down to Marta in one way. She wanted curves in the house. And also aircraft wings have got curves on them. The edge of an aircraft wing has got a curve. Lots of reasons why it should be like that. But fundamentally, it is more beautiful. I think that's a sign of having a good architect. It's those tiny little things that actually turn out to be major things and just make all the difference to the project. Colin's wasting no time filling in the frame. On the first floor, he has the next wave of industrial specialist contractors putting in the metal decking for the concrete floor. And they don't mess around. It's very quick, what you do, isn't it? Yeah. It only took us three hours yesterday to get all the decking out. Half an hour this morning. Half an hour this morning. And then you're away. But presumably, you're used to doing much bigger buildings than this? Aye, aye. We're doing a couple in Glasgow and Edinburgh. 1,300 metres. So, this is sort of like a sample, I presume. It's just a wee sample! Normally, these men are on one big commercial job for weeks at a time, so it's unusual to see them working on a small project like this. You see that shiny decking up there, it took three hours to put in and half an hour to fix. That is one contractor who specialises in that because they work in a world of hospitals and supermarkets and giant buildings where the jobs are very finely divided and one contractor does one thing and one does another. Here for example, there's the steel erector, the concrete trade people, people doing the concrete after that. And each one of those is a separate business. Fine if you're building a 35,000 square feet supermarket. But not so easy to find if you are building a house. It's hardly worth their while coming here, is it? This is not an easy way to build a house. It means asking a lot of favours of large firms working outside their comfort zone, slotting you in where they can. It's also turning out to be expensive. At the moment, we're probably ?30,000, ?40,000 over what we'd planned to spend. The quote for the roof and the cladding on the walls, that came in more than we thought it might have come in at. It's the problem of using specialists. There is not a long list of people to go to for quotes. The market out there is not as competitive, because there are fewer people who have the capability and who are willing to quote for what is a relatively small project in an industrial sense. Colin can well do without more money worries. He's already waiting on ?100,000 from the insurance claim payout he needs to finish his house. On top of that, he's now also got a 40,000 hole in his budget. His only saleable assets are the precious pieces of art that he's collected over 20 years. So, he's decided to sacrifice some of them. It's mainly Scottish artists, but not all. It is some collection. We have put a couple of pictures up for sale in auction. They haven't sold yet. Who is this by? Judy Ferguson is one of the four Scottish colourists. It came up for sale 20 odd years ago and we had some money from the sale of some sheep that we had inherited. Some sheep? Yes. My family had a croft on the Isle of Skye. You don't get much for sheep! You don't get very much for sheep, but paintings and things were not as expensive, maybe, then. It's not unusual for ambitious projects to be besieged by problems on all sides. Money worries, technical issues, construction headaches. They are all here, as well as bad weather. It's August, but winter seems to have arrived early. We are just hoping that we'll get a nice break for another five weeks or so to get the house watertight, wind and water tight. Fingers crossed. Since nothing is happening on site, Colin travels to the milder climate of Edinburgh for the day of the auction. I feel quite nervous, quite excited. If the painting doesn't sell today, we will have a ?30,000 or ?40,000 hole in the budget for the house. So yes, a little bit nervous. The odd little bead of sweat here. ?33,000 is the lowest Colin is prepared to sell the painting for. If no offer reaches that, he'll walk away with nothing. We start on this one at 25,000. At 25,000. 25,000 offered. At 32,000. Any advance on 32,000? 35,000 on the telephone. 35,000 bid against you in the room. At 35,000 on the telephone. Selling at 35,000. All done at 35,000. Final time. ?35,000. It sold, but for 5,000 short of what he hoped. It will pay some bills. That's the... At least it sold. What the cash doesn't do is particularly speed up construction. By November the house is still nowhere near watertight. The weather has slowed things down and it's also beginning to destroy what they already have. Marta is fighting back with the brush and some metal primer. I think it is one of the characteristics of the steel, it rusts, t corrodes. It is like a cancer that keeps seeping at the steel and eventually, obviously, it flakes and breaks. There will be worse weather to come. I hope this delicate looking frame is capable of taking more punishment. Tell me about the durability of this building and its resistance to where it is. Metal is a great thing to use in the countryside. If you look around, it's no accident that all the agricultural buildings are mostly made of corrugated metal of one sort or another. When we first approached Richard, we said we wanted a steel framed building that would be concreted into the ground and solid and that we wanted a metal roof. That was part of the original brief because the weather is key to everything. It's key to the design, the engineering, it's key to the construction now. And, of course, the house is an integral part of the business and that is all to do with the weather as well. So, we're just obsessed with the weather! With good reason. Strathaven is on the same line of latitude as Moscow and Copenhagen. Any house built here needs to be super durable. As becomes abundantly clear in December. The Met Office has issued a red alert for Scotland, its highest possible warning, over fears that the wind there will cause widespread damage and destruction. So far, the steel frame is holding its own in the worst storms for 100 years. And what's even more incredible, there are still people working. They really are trying their best to get things done. This is the wettest I've actually ever seen it here at the airfield. In these conditions, everything takes twice as long. On the roof, they are battling the wind, trying to stop materials from blowing away. I've been up here for a long time so you kind of get used to it. A wee bit. Colin's men are caught in an uncomfortable catch-22. They need to complete the shell to stop the weather getting in, but they can't finish the shell because of the weather. It is not a job for the fainthearted! We're tough here in Scotland, you know! Colin and Marta are now half way into their planned 12-month project. Their house has survived the worst storms in 100 years, which is the good news. Of course, as soon as the wind goes, we end up with snow. So... The big thing is when you get really horrible weather like this, jobs basically take twice as long. Everything is twice as hard to do. We are just pushing on as much as we can. OK. "We", being Colin and one brave roofer, who is helping him measure the skylight for his office. If the weather continues like this, I can't see Colin finishing this side of the day of reckoning. Winter here can be really wild, 850 feet above sea level. Whatever weather there is, we're going to get it up here. It's not just a battle to get the job done, but it's also a battle against the weather. Three months later, work still inches forward. The snow is now replaced by more wind and rain. It's still proving nigh-impossible to make the house weather-tight. But the glaziers are doing their best. Oh, look. There's a piece of glass going in that hole. That's nice! As we speak. That's the biggest piece of glass in the whole house. Just tell me about this glass they're putting in? It's double glazed. It's quite thick glass because it's actually taking quite a heavy structural load with the wind. Because the glass is so thick, you can see the colour off it. I just noticed it driving along the road there. There is that glass green tinge, which is really nice. I like that. For a building descended from an aircraft hangar, I'd say it's a great improvement on its parentage. It's shaping up to be a great piece of architecture. As much contemporary Australian tin farmstead as Scottish hillside. There's so much glass that only when the windows go in can you appreciate the overall shape. Nowhere more so than on the ground floor with its quirky porthole bedroom windows. I'm not a huge fan of circular windows, generally. But circular windows downstairs, don't they look good in a circular building? They look fabulous. I think they look really great. Somebody was saying that they had like a boat feeling. Yeah, light portholes. Portholes, yeah. The specialist glaziers have got over half the windows in, but while there are still one or two gaps in the building, the interior steelwork of the house is still under threat from wind and rain. As you can see, the steels are starting to corrode a little bit. We have a little bit of rust. But we'll just paint that. I don't think that's a major problem. Treat it? Yeah. A bit of Fertan? Yeah. And some paint? It will be me who does it. It'll be you that does it. It's my job! Treat it, paint it. It's a simple, if labour-intensive, fix for their corrosion problem. But I can see a much longer-term issue for a building like theirs, struggling to survive in THIS climate. You know, within five minutes of coming inside this old, metal caravan, the whole place steams up. Of course, that's because I'm breathing, but also because of the heater here. When you heat air, it can absorb much, much more moisture. When that warm, moist air, in a building like this, touches a cold surface, that's when you get the condensation. It's happening on the glass. It's happening on this uninsulated metal frame to this window. Metal is a really, really good conductor of heat, so that really does create all kinds of problems. Engineers have terms that they use like "dew point" and "cold bridging" for these kind of phenomena. Imagine, imagine if you were designing a building, a house, that was really complicated and entirely made out of metal. Imagine the problems you'd make for yourself. Like in that building over there. Preventing condensation isn't simple. The key thing is thermal breaks and lots of them like these pink rubber insulating pads to separate the interior metal from the exterior metal. Then there is a vapour barrier and lots and lots of thick spun wool insulation. It's designed so that if it gets damp, it can then dry out and it'll still fulfil all its insulation properties and functions. Outside the insulation goes the aluminium flashing. This provides a watertight frame to hold the cladding in place. But it's bespoke and it's a nightmare to install. It's all been drawn up and fabricated, and there's quite complex shapes to these flashings. They've actually had to come here, measure it, go away, get it fabricated, get it painted the particular colour for the building, then bring it down here, put it up there, work out what extra bits they have to adjust it, take it down, readjust it, take it back up there. It ends up lots of processes for just putting a piece of metal onto the side of the house. It's the problem with it being very bespoke, with it being a very individual job. For the fitters, who usually do fast repetitive jobs where they can be in and out in a day, this intricate work is torturous. Just those details, very tricky. Oh, it is frustrating. There's days you want to go home, but... What can you do? That's the job. Work that Colin expected to take a week stretches on for three long months. But, finally, in August 2012, over a year into their project, they're able to start the aluminium corrugated cladding. It's the agricultural bodgers material of choice, used on badly built farm buildings and sheds. But Colin's ambition is to make it look beautiful by treating it with a rare precision. You want to make sure you get all these screws in a nice straight line. You don't want them wiggling like that. Just a few millimetres one way, a few millimetres the other, then it starts to look all... horrible. It's quick to put on too. Each sheet takes barely an hour to cut and fit. Hold that. Push. This is shaping up to be far more than just another aircraft hangar. I think it will be a worthwhile addition to an elite group of metal buildings already from Glasgow. The Zaha Hadid's angular Riverside Museum Of Transport. And Norman Foster's 3,000-seater auditorium, the Armadillo, sensuously wrapped in aluminium. These buildings are quick to put up. They are relatively cheap and they rely on a big structural steel frame to keep them in the air. It's interesting, but until now nobody's ever exploited this technology for building a house. Like these, I think Colin and Marta's home may well be an outstanding piece of metal sculpture. It's a staggeringly good-looking building, but for Colin and Marta this might be as good as it gets because after the cladding is finished, they'll be down to their last 20,000. We're waiting for money to come in from an accident we had three years ago here when a neighbour accidentally set fire to the hangar. I'd never thought that sort of thing would take three years. At the moment, we could have thrown on, you know, half a dozen joiners, half a dozen plasterers etc onto the job and get things finished. It's just, er, at the moment just working through what we can. Without the ?100,000 they need from the insurance money, Colin and Marta won't be able to finish the interior. It's not only frustrating, it's very infuriating. It makes you feel really angry. Pissed off. I feel stressed out and I feel... It's a big heavy weight on my shoulders. To help her take her mind off the hole in their finances, Marta turns to what she knows best. This is my letting go and this is fun. I need fun in my life and at the moment it's just work! Work at the airfield. Work with the house. It's just work all the time. I just love it. When you are doing aerial, you are just focusing on the movements, focusing on your body. So you don't have time to worry. You're just on the moment, you are actually doing what you're doing, totally focused. Ah! Whoo! I've done it! I've done it! A few days later, and with plaster boarding, plastering wiring and plumbing still to do, Colin and Marta run out of money. Days turn to months... Still there is no word from the insurance company. Almost two years since they began building, the insurance company hand over 7,000 and then a further 15,000, allowing Colin to plasterboard. But releasing money in small amounts like this makes project planning impossible. I don't think I'm project managing. The whole thing has got a life of its own and it's like hanging on for dear life, rather than managing it! It is a pain. It's a stress. It's a hassle. And it's very, very slow. Getting money in dribs and drabs makes for a very sluggish and draining way of working. What is planned as a kind of intensive campaign, on your part as homeowners, devoting a huge amount of energy, ends up getting stretched into infinity and you suddenly have to start finding reserves of energy and stamina you didn't expect to have to look for. The original idea, it would have been weatherproof by the autumn and then we'd have winter, which is a quiet time for business, to be able to concentrate on the house. Instead, here we are in the middle of summer... albeit it's a quiet day today with the weather, and we're in the middle of trying to... And it's sucking up all this time and energy, yeah. Sucking up time and energy. Colin is very positive. And you? I am unable to see into the future. I'm more of the present. I find it difficult to deal with thinking when the house will be finished. I know we will finish. Yeah, yeah. We shout at each other. I was going to say, who do you shout...? You need to shout at somebody in these situations. We do shout at each other. A bit of Spanish, Latino. Yeah, the temper! Shout and scream and then stomp around. I can always escape to the airfield. The only problem when we come here, I won't be able to do that once we're here. So... I'll build another. Go up. At least they can laugh about their arguments. Their resilience is extraordinary. I don't know many who would still be smiling two years into a building project that was supposed to take just 12 months. Do you know, when I think about it, it's a miracle that Marta and Colin have built anything at all on that site. They survived that terrible ordeal of trying to use a building technology and process clearly unsuited to what they need. They have survived two winters there, terrible weather in a really exposed part. And, they are surviving all their money woes. They are, like the early pioneers of flight... ..adventurers. They are stayers. They are still there. For over two years, Colin and Marta have fought tool, tooth and nail to build their rather striking metal house. They have braved the worst storms this century, coped with a complex building method and battled money problems all for the love of their airfield and Colin's passion for flying. Beautiful. Beautiful day for it, isn't it? I'm looking for the house. I'm looking for that glinting, little... ..tin shack. As the only metal building for miles around, it sparkles like a shiny, tin jewel in the landscape. The house looks fantastic. It's an airship, straight out of the pages of some futuristic graphic novel. Three almost disconnected layers, hovering above one another. Blocks floating above curves, tethered under a giant floating roof. At long last, flying nut Colin has his own aircraft hangar to live in. Hello. Good to see you. Hello. Are you well? Yeah, very well. I've come in the right way this time. Yeah, it's only a field, you've got to come by air. On the ground, you're looking at this building and you look up at it and you see it reflects the sky. Whatever the sky is doing, it's doing, you know. It sparkles. When the sun's out, shining off it, it sparkles. You can see it from 20 miles away. I still maintain, I think the best view of this building is from right over there when you see hangar one, hangar two, hangar three, hangar four, hangar five. COLIN CHUCKLES Very few houses have ever succeeded in making a very humble material, like corrugated cladding, a noble one. This sort of elevates that material, doesn't it? It's certainly a glamorous building. It looks like a sculpture, actually. I don't know if sexy's the word... It's curvaceous. It's curvy. Yes, it's sexy, it's very elegant. I think it's a hugely successful building. The interesting test is when you look at a building and think, "What else could have gone there?" It's hard to think of anything else that would work. The sky here changes all the time. Yeah. It always has clouds but the clouds have different colours, different grades, different shades. That reflects in the house. Every day you look at the house and it looks different. I think few airfields in Britain can boast a building so beautiful, so full of zest and so appropriate. This is also a place of work from where Colin and Marta intend to keep tabs on their airfield. Oh, look! Yeah, so... You are masters, aren't you, of this landscape. You've got a great view over the runway. A fantastic view over the airfield. Over the main runway, crosswind runways, just seeing what's going on. We don't have a full air traffic control service here, and all that sort of stuff. It's an informal version. But this is... But we still have that responsibility for what goes on. It enables us to have a quick look around and see what's going on. How are you going to stop people just wandering in there? The house is on the airfield. It's another building here. That's one of the concerns I have. We'll have to, find as we live here, we encounter the problem, we'll have to work on it. It's like being a farmer. Whatever you have to be close to, what's there but we have to work in some space. This is a building assembled using industrial technology. Designed to be robust and resist the 100 mile-an-hour winds up here. But despite the abundance of steel indoors, it feels good and cosy. It's six metres wide. In the scale of things, it doesn't look chunky, it just looks solid, it looks reassuring but it doesn't look heavy. It looks solid and reassuring and it's the same reassurance you get on a boat with a steel frame, or an airship, perhaps. Yeah, you see a spar on the wing of an aircraft, you think, "That's what taking the load. That's what's giving it its strength. No house on an airfield would be complete without its galley. And trapeze artist Marta's brought some serious flamboyance into hers. Marta, it's a very "you" colour. Yeah, it's a colourful place. It's carmine red with twinkly bits. It's the only slab of colour, though, so far. There's no... And the paintings? Mmm, and the paintings, of course, yes. And big slabs of green. And very big slabs of green. And blue. And blue today. I like blocks of colours. At the moment I quite like having the house white. I'll live with it and see how it goes. Like a primer on the canvas? Yeah. Then, bit by bit... I like the idea of having nice white pristine lines in the kitchen and then have some "shoom!" colour. Some what colour? Some "shoom" colour. Do you not have any tins of that in your house? It's next to the tartan paint in the supermarket. Oh, yeah. It's all very contemporary and sleek. But there is still work to do in the house. The top floor attic needs light fittings and painting. But, at the moment, Colin and Marta just don't have the money to do it. So the deal is that the insurance company still haven't paid up? We haven't finished all the insurance stuff. We've another meeting next week and hope that will push it on. It's frustrating. We'll get there, as Colin says. I'm sure they will. If the beauty of what they've achieved already is anything to go by, it will be outstanding. Upstairs is really the first class cabin. The sculptural downstairs bedrooms are more premium economy. They are deliberately functional and small. Yeah, welcome to the guest suite. This is the guest... Bedroom. Very private, these rooms, aren't they? There's a lot of things that can be happening around the airfield and people wandering around. We've got our accommodation, our main accommodation upstairs. Yeah. Downstairs, here we've got guest rooms. One addition which just gets around that problem of the claustrophobia of being... If you're in bed... Can you lie down, please. Then you can look out the window. Yeah, I can see that. There's all kinds of activity out there. From outside, if you wanted to look in, you'd actually have to bend. It's small enough to still maintain the privacy in the room, isn't it? Somebody described this as a sleeping pod. I thought that was quite the thing. When we have guests, we don't really want them to be in their bedrooms, other than sleeping. We'd like to enjoy their company upstairs in the main part of the house. We have the bigger spaces. Upstairs is where the action is. Where the elegant bones of this mighty airship are on show. And, where the goings and comings of air traffic outside provide the entertainment. When Colin and Marta finally get the money they need to finish it completely, they reckon it will have cost them ?580,000. 80,000 over what they expected. Are you pleased with the building? Yeah. The biggest, biggest thing is we are actually going to be where we want to be at the end, which is where we are going to have no debts, no mortgage and a really fantastic house. And a beautiful house. Exactly, who needs the money in the bank when you've got a house like this to enjoy? Yeah, we don't need to spend any money travelling to work! Yeah. I love the whole of it. In here, at this table, looking at the sky there and the landscape and I say, "Wow!" That's all I can say. What have you learned about him in the process? How focused and determined... Dogged. If he wants to go there, he will go there. His main work has been the airfield and the house and nothing has been in his way with that. What about Marta? What have you learned about her? I haven't learnt anything new, as such. I think it's just more of a respect for what's there already. I've already known that she's a stubborn, pain in the arse! But, erm... Yeah. This would not have happened without Colin. And I wouldn't be here and doing all this stuff without it being for her. So, that's it. It her fault. If you were to do this again... I mean, is there something you would have avoided or have changed? I think the building is amazing. It's fantastic, it's going to be an amazing house and I'm loving it now and, no doubt, I'll love it always. But, is it worth it? All the stress, all the pain. It's not that it's not worth it, it's why? Why does it have to be so harsh and difficult? Why building a house has to be so painful? It is just, "Why?" Because making anything outstanding on this planet, anything that's original and crafted, is hard won. Colin and Marta's experience bears witness to that, more so than they could ever have anticipated. You know that flight you get where you turn up at the airport, there's a delay and you get on the plane and there is fog and eventually the flight's cancelled and then you can't get your money back? Really, in a way, the story of this building resembles that tale of events, doesn't it? Except, you mustn't confuse the end with the means, the outcome with the process, or, for that matter, a plane with a building because some of the finest buildings, the most exciting buildings on this planet have had difficult histories. Difficult births... I suppose, that's part of patronage, isn't it? I think this place is set to join their ranks. I think, it's a very fine building indeed. We're building a very contemporary house but with rather traditional Japanese elements. How come they measured that opening wrong? There isn't an architect with the job. There's no planning, there's no details. My underlying fear is that there is going to be a large calamity. This seemed so simple. It was not simple at all. I've built kitchen cabinets before. Does that count? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 