Grand Designs: Season 13, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Designs 
 s13e11 - The Modest Home: Revisited - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Designs (1999–…): Season 13, Episode 11 - The Modest Home: Revisited - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I first met Lucie Fairweather and her partner, Nat McBride, five years ago, just as they were about to start building their affordable family eco-home. However, their journey was to be about more than bricks and mortar. We want something that looks beautiful and sharp. It's got to be a sharp, contemporary design. But all their plans changed when Nat discovered he had cancer. You've just been diagnosed. Yeah. Last week. Yeah. You've got no real idea of what's yet to come, do you? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No, not at all, actually. Nat sadly passed away just a few months later. And yet, within the year, Lucie courageously decided to carry on. I have to ask, Lucie, why you're doing this. Because, actually, I couldn't bear not to. She was, thank goodness, not alone in her task. Helped all along the way by family friend and architect Jerry Tate. This is my sitting room! All of it, look. But not surprisingly, as a young, widowed, working mum, the demands of this project took their toll on Lucie. I'm feeling a little bit teary today, I have to keep stopping myself from... It's not that I feel guilty about building the house, but I feel guilty about all the different things 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 that are going on in my life that I need to leave them for. Well, three and a half years have passed since I was last here. And I am curious to find out just how life has moved on for Lucie and whether she's found happiness. But, first, here's the story of one courageous woman. In early 2008, Lucie, Nat and their two young children relocated here, to Woodbridge in Suffolk. Their site is small and comes with daunting planning restrictions. Houses can only be one and a half storeys high. To help with all this, they've employed an architect who's not only an old friend, but also one of the best in the country at designing ecologically sensitive buildings. They want a swanky piece of architecture. An exciting, modern landmark to sit amongst the '60s estate that surrounds them. Why the build, then? Why not just buy a house? Well, we did buy a house and it was a big, draughty, Victorian house. And I'd lived in Sweden in a beautiful, warm, insulated, well-insulated house. So that was one of the reasons. And... We wanted it to be... To have a low ecological footprint. That's something that's quite important to me. You cannot buy an eco-house. It's shocking that you can't go and buy one. The more people we talk to about building a house and, you know, "Why don't we just do it?" Every single time, people would respond with, "Oh, you're going to have a grass roof "and you're going to build it out of recycled bottles and mud and..." Eat lentils. Eat lentils and be hairy... I've got a beard, but you don't have to be a beardy-weirdy with sandals to live in an eco-house. So we just thought, we want something that looks beautiful and sharp and contemporary. It's got to be a sharp, contemporary design. Light and interesting and... And nice. And is well insulated and works and doesn't cost the earth. What is going to be the great distinguishing qualities of living in this, do you think? It's somewhere we can be as a family all day every day, hopefully, where Nat can work, but without being disturbed. Where, during the day, I can be with the children, not far away from them when I'm in the kitchen. And that it just feels sort of... It feels like a home, you know, it's not... I don't want a stark, modernist, empty, clinical thing. Nat and Lucie want a house that'll make the most of their site and satisfy their green principles. To avoid using lots of concrete, there'll be no foundations. Instead, the house will sit on concrete piles and wooden stilts to deal with flooding from the nearby river. The heavily insulated timber-panel structure will be surrounded by a raised walkway that wraps around the house. A central corridor will run the length of the ground floor, feeding an office for Nat's IT practice, a guest room with en-suite bathroom, a television room and a utility room. The corridor will open up into a bright, double-height living space with kitchen, dining area and family sitting room, the heart of this family house. Upstairs, there'll be a family bathroom, two bedrooms for the kids and, at the end of the corridor, Lucie and Nat's en-suite bedroom. The bedrooms are a good height because of the steeply-angled roof, split in the middle by a glazed channel running the length of the building that'll illuminate the whole upstairs. The roof will be covered in zinc. It's both durable and sustainable, along with solar panels to provide the hot water. There'll also be an air-sourced heat pump that'll heat the house. The super-insulated frame will be clad in larch, which will silver with age and help this house become a discrete addition to the neighbourhood. All this for £200,000. An optimistic budget for such a well-designed, ecologically sensitive house. Where's the money coming from to pay for it? We sold our house, so, um...we've got... We've bought the land outright and we've got a bit more, but we've got to get a mortgage. Yeah. Um... So... And you're both earning? No, neither of us are earning. Oh! LAUGHTER That's not so easy, then, is it? No. Well, Nat was earning until last week, but he's just been diagnosed with stomach cancer, so we don't really know what lies ahead because we don't know what form the treatment's going to take. But because he's self-employed and we haven't got critical-illness cover... There's no money. Yeah. But you're a teacher. And I'm going to have to start teaching again. We won't know more for another couple of weeks as to quite what impact it has on it all. It may be that I'm laid low for a few weeks and that's it. In which case, it'll be fine. It may be longer than that and it may mean we have to put the build on hold for a few months and then pick it up in the autumn or something. Who knows? It's going to be an interesting year. Well, yeah. Because it's... Everything changes. And you don't know where it leads. Where any of this leads. Your health, your work, the house, the project. That's life. Exciting. That's life. So, er...given that you're so early in the course of your treatment, you've just been diagnosed and... Yeah, last week. Yeah. You've got no real idea of what's yet to come, do you? Er...no, not at all, actually. So, therefore, no real idea of how it's going to affect life on the project and how much energy you're going to have. Life on anything at all. Um... I mean, we sort of thought long and hard about this and decided that, really, you've just got to try and carry on as normal as possible. Just got to do it anyway. Do it anyway. I don't have a home for my family. There's a roof over their heads, but it's not really a home, as you think of a home. And for the last year or so we've been thinking about how this home's going to be and how perfect it's going to be for us and how it fits around the way we live and everything. Er...so I think we have to do that now. Having a big objective in life, you know, a big project, is great because it pulls you away and gives you something to aim for. Does that...? Have you talked about that? Yeah. That was one of the main reasons for carrying on. Well, that and the fact that it just makes sense, I think. Er... Even, in fact, just starting today, with something. Tomorrow, I'm going in for some investigative surgery and I've barely given it a thought cos I've been thinking about coming down here and doing this. After six months of treatment, Nat's cancer proved to be incurable. And he died in July, 2008. Jerry Tate, friend, as well as architect, had continued to work on the plans throughout Nat's illness. Nat was a really, really amazing guy. He was just in pursuit of doing the right thing throughout his life. He was never in pursuit of anything other than that as his goal. Nat really wanted something that was visionary. He really wanted something that would be stunning. That in Woodbridge, people would go... In fact, in the region, in Britain, would be a real stunning piece of architecture. Jerry had previously been one of the architects working on the Eden Project in Cornwall. So he's got form with eco-driven, innovative designs. Ten months later, with Jerry still on board, Lucie has taken the courageous decision to go ahead with the building. 'I got very upset about the children not having a father.' And doing, you know, all the amazing things that he could do with them. So it just feels nice that I can actually build them their house and at least they've got a mummy who can build a house, even if their daddy can't. Well, I'm hoping I can build a house! It's very, very brave, Lucie. Because the thing is, it's a journey which... isn't easy at the best of times. Are you working at the moment? Yes, I'm working. Teaching? Teaching. Full-time? Three days a week. Four if the money gets really tight. Yeah? And I've got the children. Yeah. And winding up Nat's business and building a house. That's enough, isn't it? Yeah. I have to ask, Lucie, why you're doing this. Because, actually, I couldn't bear not to. Really? Yeah. Was it that...powerful? Yes. That obvious? Yeah. Jerry, your architect, still involved? Still involved. He's been very good and very patient. Because he's had to change a lot to get the house in on budget. Jerry has reduced the size of the house and slimmed down the design to suit Lucie's pocket. There'll be no more wraparound deck and no stilts, so the house will now rest very firmly on concrete foundations. Reducing the floor area means losing the downstairs study. And upstairs there'll be three, not four bedrooms. The light channel has been replaced by three light wells. And gone, too, is the gleaming zinc roof, covered now with more traditional slates. But Lucie has fought hard to hold on to as many eco elements as possible. It is actually about Nat because it is what he... He was the one who...researched all these technologies and was enthusiastic about them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I want a warm house that isn't going to cost me a fortune to run. He wants... wanted to save the planet. I'm astounded at Lucie's energy. You know, her extraordinary positive attitude. Here she is, she's trying to tread a very fine path here. On the one hand, honouring Nat's memory and his environmental campaigning, his passion for it, and on the other hand, building a house on a really tiny budget. Wanting to include all those ecological features, but not being able to afford it. Having to try and realise the house they started together, which now she has got to complete for an entirely different life with her children by herself. Lesser people would've sold this place. Lesser people would've said, "I really... I can't cope with those demands." But not Lucie. I think she can do this. I think she can... build something which is not a memorial to Nat, but which is going to be instead some kind of legacy. Lucie Fairweather is starting to build the sustainable family home in Suffolk she had planned with her husband, Nat. Jerry Tate, their architect, is an old family friend and he's planning to be on site as often as he can. With no budget for a project manager, he'll help guide Lucie throughout. This is my sitting-room! All of it, look! I know, it's enormous! Jump in, come on. It's so cool. My goodness, I'm going to be able to have the biggest sofa. Yeah! From... From wherever. From the charity shop! Somebody's giving them away. The smaller budget has forced Lucie to be rigorous, not only in how she spends the money but on the bigger design priorities. I think Lucie is really sensible, actually, in her priority of making the fabric of the house as good as possible and everything else will kind of follow. And I think that is the right priority. I'm not a great believer in marble floors and really expensive... I just don't think that's what makes a space really, really nice. I think spaces are certain sizes and they have light that comes in and they work in a three-dimensional way and in a way with light and in a way with how you move around them. They don't... When they're dripping with expensive bits... It detracts from space. It detracts from the space. It's nice if you can afford it, but if you can't afford it... I think 10% of a space comes from how expensive your taps are, frankly. If that, actually. To keep the costs down, Jerry's decided to use precast concrete beams for the floor slab. They're fast and cheaper than pouring wet concrete as they only need pilings in the ground rather than strip foundations. It was very wet when they were putting in the pilings and digging the foundations. There was a lot of mud and a lot of water running around. Now it's all dry and very solid. And although, actually, we really fought against having concrete, it's actually quite nice to have that really solid base underneath. It feels very reassuring. Lucie's house will be in the main a timber construction, using wood from sustainably managed forests. The frames that form the walls of the house have been constructed off-site and they're craned into place with the precision and speed of a stage set. This house was designed to be full of light, and even with a reduced budget the windows are huge, more like glass panels inset into the timber frame. It's great! It looks so solid as well. That's my TV room! SHE LAUGHS People, when you say what you're doing, say, "Oh, I've always wanted to do that." I actually feel very proud that we took the decision to do it. How hard is it, doing this by yourself? Given that most people who tackle this are generally older, so they're in a more comfortable place than you are. And they've got other people in their lives to... Yeah. I do find it a bit lonely, and when I do get worried about things there isn't really anybody to tell who REALLY cares. Um... It's hard. Yeah. It's decisions, because you just sort of think, "I'm going to have to live with the consequences of my decisions." Just me, and I can't blame anyone else or I can't share the annoyance because I've taken the wrong decision. But how do you find the job of being the client? It does bring responsibilities. And it is a one-off building. It is a one-off building. You know, it's... Going out to site every day, it must be kind of exciting? No, it's really exciting. I think it's the best thing I've ever done. There's a difference now. You're getting... Yeah, right. With Lucie working most days, Jerry's on site as often as he can make it. Shall we walk round? A key component in the house is the huge glulam beam that spans the width of the living area, making it a dramatic open space. This is a normal family-sized room, but I think the double height space and higher ceilings and seeing the staircase, it's a bit like a mountainscape going up in the background. There's a picturesque quality, which means it'll feel like a bigger space. I might get proved wrong, I suppose, once it's all done. I think it will. Yeah, I think it will. With a small budget and no possibility of extra cash, Jerry and Tony have found a way of working that they hope will keep tight control on spending. A building contract with Tony says something like, "Please build this much stuff with this much money," and then the architect's job is to ensure that he builds that much stuff with that much money. The trouble is that as you're building, there's always stuff that changes as you go and that's where the cost overruns come in. But in this situation, because there is just a fixed amount of money, we've got a sort of agreement in place where we are pushing and pulling all the time. So if we have a problem in one area, we'll so a bit of push-me-pull-you puzzle-solving, and still try and get effectively the same building, but keep the sum absolutely fixed. So that's actually what we're doing when we are walking around, mumbling our conversations, we're just arranging what swaps with what. There is no room for fripperies here, just good design. Round here, there are lots of houses which were built in the 1960s, single-storey, and they've got rooms in the roof, big 1960s chalet roofs, and what Jerry, brilliantly, has done, is take that idea and exploit it to give Lucie maximum value for money here, and maximum space as well. So, conventionally, if you build a house, a bungalow arrangement, and you put one of these great big roofs on it, you end up only being able to use about half of the surface area of the loft for accommodation, but actually that central area is what people occupy. They can't really use these triangular spaces under the eaves, because the roof pitch is too shallow. And when it comes to building new houses, it's impossible, really, to build a house - you just wouldn't get away with it - with a roof that looks like that, yeah? But that's what Jerry's done. He's gone way, way higher to allow Lucie a huge surface area of occupiable space upstairs. And then what he's done, he's chopped the roofs off. It's brilliant. It must be very exciting, this being your first house, seeing it physically go up, walking the scaffolding, seeing this rather than fresh air here. It's the best bit about architecture, walking round the spaces that you drew about a year-and-a-half ago, I suppose. Mm-hm! So... More tall ceilings. When the joists go in those joist hangers across this space, it is surprisingly wide, actually. Yes. Surprisingly wide. I have to say, hats off, because you are surrounded by suburban housing. What you've done with that window is engineer a brilliant view over towards the other side of the river. But, because the window's so tall, it gives you that view to infinity, the view of the sky. It's lovely, that tall window, and you can only get it, really, with really tall rooms. I hope Lucie is all right about that. I'm slightly nervous that... She keeps saying, "It's taller than I thought it was going to be." I'm like, "Well..." Well, I'm not surprised. It looks bigger now it's got the ceiling. These are really generous spaces, aren't they? And this lovely big staircase as well. You see this kind of thing in art galleries and is not that expensive to do, is it? Much cheaper than a glass handrail or a clever balustrade. Because art galleries don't have any money. Good point, Jerry. Art galleries are often short of cash and it's a really elegant way of doing staircases without throwing money at it. Make it part of the building. I'm now going to irritate you by suggesting that perhaps I should have a bookcase against the wall to make use of the wall. We drew it in! Yes. That will be the second, third time we've put that bookcase in. We'll just drag it out of the cellar again and put it back. I do change my mind a bit. No, no, it's... It's when we can't afford things, we delete them. Jerry has a great way of making me realise what I want! He'll build it anyway and then you see whether you like it. Well, no, when I really, really don't agree with him then he'll go, "Lucie, I really, really must counsel against this. "I think it's a very, very bad idea." He uses posh language! And then eventually I give in. The layout is something that we spent a lot of time working on. There's some ideas on here which we talked about, things like the master bedroom overlooks the front door, so that when you wake up in the middle of the night you can see who's coming. We felt that was very important. It's an interesting point you make about security because, as a single mum, her sense of security is heightened. It needs to be heightened, doesn't it? The house is in many ways and on many levels security for Lucie, in a sort of kind of spiritual and physical and financial way. But it's also captured a little bit of Nat, which is actually amazing when you think about it, that all the conversations we had, even though Nat's not here, this is a sort of representation of those conversations, and that's really nice, actually. I find it really heartening that Jerry and Lucie have a really good, strong working relationship and they need it because she's placing a great deal of trust in her architect. He is having to look after the whole project for her. And it's interesting that after 18 months of the thing being on hold, now that she's decided to get on with it, the building has gone up. Come on. And up. And it hasn't even got the wings on yet. LUCIE LAUGHS Lucie Fairweather is midway through building her family home in Suffolk. With two small children, she's got a lot on her plate. I feel terribly guilty because they're being left again and it's not one thing in particular, it's not that I feel guilty about building the house, but I feel guilty about all the different things that are going on in my life that I need to leave them for. I'm feeling a little bit teary about it today, actually. I have to keep stopping myself. And then it just makes me upset cos I wanted to enjoy all of this bit with the house. But I can't have everything - I can't enjoy choosing my tiles... ..and be at home with my children. It needs to be a quick decision. That is lovely. I'm ashamed to say that my bathroom, I'd quite like it to be a bit like a hotel bathroom. Just... I just want it really sleek and simple. Have you got any red? Just six months after the foundations were laid, the roof is taking shape - a very unusual shape. The steep roof is a neat space-creating solution, but the design calls for clever reinforcing. A bit like an aircraft wing. You can see that, although it's got struts and it's got braces, when I do this, it does wobble, it does rack. So, what the modeller does - and here anybody who's familiar with the hobbies of yesteryear - the hobbyist covers his wing with tissue paper. Here's one I made this weekend. This is exactly the same structure but with the tissue paper soaked in the varnish now, having dried, and stretched, as it dries, over the surface. it's made the structure absolutely rigid. It's impossible to move it, to flex it. These plywood sheets act just like the tissue paper. Once stapled to the frame, it becomes rigid and strong enough to withstand even the easterly winds off the Suffolk coast. The roof isn't the only bit of the design to maximise space. So, on the ground plan, you can see here - here is the living/dining/kitchen area - one big open plan space, yeah? And here are all the other functions that you need day-to-day, all compressed into exactly one half of the footprint. So, you've got the spare room-cum-study area, there is a utility, toilet, cloakroom, sitting area with children's TV, storage, toys, blah, blah, blah, which does seem a little bit compressed, doesn't it? Even standing here, you can see and feel how these rooms are not the most generous but I think it's worth it, because each of these functions just happens for just a few minutes a day. You spend only a few minutes in the utility room loading and unloading the washing machine, you pop into the toilet. The kids don't need a huge amount of space, for heaven's sakes - just a sofa and a ring in the floor to tie them to and that's all you need. Whereas, here, this is where you can get full benefit from all that squashing of those functions into the back half of the building. Here, you can... You can enjoy, you can bathe in the voluptuousness of the space here. It's clever, isn't it? Saving space and money lie behind a lot of the choices made in this house, right down to the flooring. Very pale, very Scandinavian. I know. It is... Yeah, the house is quite Scandinavian, I give in! Do you know what? Better that than Alpine, I think. Better that than, you know, Swiss chalet. But hard-wearing and cheap. Stop saying cheap! Oh, no. Do you find it painful to reduce, reduce, reduce? Actually, I think this design's completely intact conceptually. I really do. I really think it works. And I sort of now feel like if we hadn't been forced to go through a process of really thinking about what was important, we'd have built a sort of slightly fat building. It sits much better in the space that we have. Yeah. I mean, that would have been a disaster now if it had been as big as we intended. And on stilts. And on stilts. I mean, it just... What were you thinking? What were we thinking? We wanted it big. A floating house. But, actually, I think it sits much better now. Some of the cost savings will be hidden, like the insulation - no longer recycled newspapers but the more usual synthetic stuff. Other savings will be more visible. The roof will now be traditional slate rather than zinc. I've been really worried about the tiles cos it seems such a compromise. Cos I really, really wanted that lovely zinc roof and I was really worried about the tiles looking busy, and when I saw them today, they look lovely. There's something really nice that... I know it would have looked very new and exciting having the zinc, but there's something really nice about having proper tiles, that made it look like a proper little house. "Ahem! Ahem!" coughed Goldilocks. "In case you pea-brains had forgotten, this story is called "Goldilocks And The Three Bears, not the little show-off in his pyjamas." 'Now, I very much look at it as somewhere cosy to come home to.' And it is smaller now, um... ..but that's not a bad thing, particularly - now it's not a bad thing. And this big space that we were going to cook dinner and talk to our friends and get drunk sitting on those sofas and things, I still intend to do that, but it becomes even more important now because I'm on my own and so I need to be able to talk to my friends when I'm cooking my dinner, because there isn't anyone else to talk to them. So that's become... That space has become even more important. Lucie is adamant that this project must fit her budget, so Jerry has specified windows that come in affordable off-the-peg sizes. It's got this kind of grey, natural-finish aesthetic going on, which is, you know, things like the larch cladding will go grey over time, we've got the kind of slate grey with very natural finishes. This is a bit jarring, this kind of hardwood colour, so we're going to stain these to kind of pull them back away from their slightly reddy hardwood colour. We probably need to stain them a bit more, as well, than usual, just to kind of get them to match. Quite often in spaces, you only want to have three, maximum four, different materials in them. We're going to stain exposed bits of timber. Some of them are going to be stained grey, so that'll be part of the stained grey camp, if you like. There's some birch ply, and then there's some white walls. Then that's kind of your base three different elements in the space. And then there's these bits of colour, which a lot of them are more Lucie's involvement. I've talked to her about bits of wallpaper she wants to put here and there and the colour scheme for the kitchen, and it's that sort of individual area of kind of boho which will be really fun and I'm really interested in seeing because we're kind of less in control of that. I think that'll be really nice. That'll be, really, Lucie putting a stamp on that bit and a stamp on that bit. I think it'll be great. And that stamp of Lucie's is one of invention and thrift. That sofa - I mean, I grew up with that sofa that's being done today. I hummed and hawed about whether I really wanted the sofa because it's something I've had from...or my parents had, I grew up with, and then my parents gave it to Nat and I when we moved into our last house. That's where we, you know, used to sit and read in the bedroom. You know, I thought perhaps it might be nicer just to have a fresh start and I did toy with the idea of just buying something new, but it's nice to bring it along with me. But it's really good to have clean, modern, fresh fabric on it. Lucie wants to continue the clean, refined look of the house right through the interior. When everything is so visible and pared-down, the finishes have to be precise. It's a joyous moment as she sees the project that started life as a shared dream take shape before her eyes. It looks really big, doesn't it? Yeah. (Wow!) So, with the house finished, how has Lucie adopted and adapted the dream that she and Nat fostered? And how well are she and her children flourishing? The sweeping roof looks like it's been caught in the act of opening up. Albeit smaller and cheaper than the original design, the house still has all the assertion and power that Nat hoped for. Hello. Thank you. Thank you very much. Heavens! It seems an awful lot bigger. The windows are just straight out of a catalogue, aren't they? Off-the-peg. But they look fabulous, yeah, with the grey paint. Absolutely. So, how are the light wells? Are they letting any light in? They're letting loads of light in. The other thing I really like is - and I suppose, again, it's because the space isn't at all fussy - is that chimney, which is exposed all the way through the building. The whole way up. Does it work like a radiator? Does it get warm? It does get warm. Cos they could have taken it out of the wall down here and then up the outside of the house, but it means that the outside stays pristine. This is really clever architecture. Lucie and her architect, Jerry, have been clear about their priorities from the outset. The open staircase was key. Cheap and practical, and sculptural, too. Upstairs, the rooms follow the line of the cassette roof. They're tall and dramatic. And then the window, of course. The beautiful window. The most generous window imaginable. How high is it? About three and a half metres. Wow. I know, and the sun in the morning goes up like that. It's beautiful. On a day where there is sun. You mean the sun sort of specially starts to pass just for you? Yeah. I love this place because it's a low-cost, model, suburban, three-bedroom house - a 21st-century chalet bungalow, with all the attitude and resilience of its owner. I'm delighted with the house. Of course, it's slightly bittersweet. You know, and I brought my children and I brought the furniture and our books and everything with us and, you know, Nat's family have been here a lot already, so it's sort of he's moved in with us, you know. In spirit, yeah. His memories are as much here as they were in the last house. Well, and also this place... And he created.. I mean, he saw the plans for this house. The week before he died was when we got the plans for the revised house, so he's seen them. And there wasn't that much changed, anyway. So, I think, no, he's here as much as he was in the last house, if not more. Yeah. Well, he's in the bones and the structure of the place. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. It's been, you know, three and a half years since I was last here in Woodbridge, and I have no idea what I'll find on coming back. One thing I will say, though, is that, after all the turmoil and upheaval in Lucie's life, I really hope not much has changed. Rarely have I met an individual with the courage and the fire of Lucie Fairweather. It's unusual for women to self-build, rarer still when they're single parents, bereaved and working. It's now three-and-a-half years on and I've returned to find out whether this house has brought Lucie and her children a new future or whether it's trapped them in the past. Oh, gosh! It's beautiful. Hello. Hello. How beautiful! It cost Lucie only ?200,000 to build this place but it's one big, beautiful chalet bungalow. You see these places next to it? It's considerably larger than these, isn't it? It's very imposing when you come round the corner. You see other chalet bungalows with the rooms in the roof and everything and come round and... "Wow!" It's like the architects who built those, designed those, in the back of their heads, they were hoping it might turn out to look like this. It's actually more beautiful for being slightly silvered. I'm surprised it hasn't gone more grey. It's Siberian larch. Every time I arrive home I think, "Wow!" Do you? Yeah. After all these years? After all these years. Every time? Isn't that a lovely thing? Yes. Although this place is smaller and less ambitious than Nat and Lucie had planned, it still has all the excitement and integrity of the original vision. And, as you step inside, the flexibility of the house to accept change becomes apparent. Shoes off. Because it's a shoes-off house, isn't it? Please. No, that's all right. This was the children's playroom? This was the playroom but I didn't like coming in to all the mess... Detritus. ..and Rose's design projects and things. So this was a guest room but is now... This was the guest room but is now the TV room. So you can shut the door, which is very important. I can shut the door on the cartoons. That noise. That incessant noise. Exactly. And having walked past all these service areas, you know, that kind of gets you into the "ah" of the building, isn't it? The good bit. The good bit. The broad space, the high space. It's semi open-plan, semi open section. Very nice. Very lovely. It looks like you just eat pizza here from the takeaway. No. I do lots of cooking. Do you? I don't see any marks of that. I love it and so I look after it. Yeah. Good. This is my special place. I had wondered whether this place might stay stuck in some kind of memory loop but with Lucie's children, Rose and Moses, around, that was never going to happen. Look! You look so well-behaved! How are you both? BOTH: Good. Yes? All right? I like your rooms very much. I always have liked these rooms cos of the shape of them. It's like living inside a giant piece of cheese. 'Clearly, their extended family love the house, too.' I don't remember seeing this before. Rose, who built that? Grandpa. Did he? It's got solar panels on it and... It's got all the right things in the right place. The kitchen. What's it got in it? It's got my bedroom. That's weird. It's got your wallpaper in it! But in miniature. In miniature. It's got Mum's wallpaper in her room. Is there a miniature you in here? No. No? The stability of life at home has clearly nurtured Lucie and given her the strength to go out into the world on her own to make new friends and a new life for her and her children. Having moved to Suffolk from Southampton, it wasn't only a new house they moved into, but also a new town. It's lovely. I'm quite evangelical about being part of a small community. I really enjoy it. You bump into friends and get to know shopkeepers. And, in such a small community, you always know someone who knows someone else, so it's lovely. Really good. The beautifully-designed open entertaining space in the house has also provided the social environment which Lucie had always hoped for. I think it's fantastic. We're in the process of doing something to our own house at the moment and we are very jealous. Very comfortable, nice proportions, lovely light. It's very comfortable, it's very adaptable. I've been here when there's been 40 or 50 people dancing, I've been here when there have been five or six people having dinner, an intimate dinner. So it works for everything. To achieve this outcome is amazing and I'm full of admiration for what Lucie has made here. Beautiful, beautiful home. The acute-angled roof and larch cladding almost suggest a gingerbread house from Grimms' Fairy Tales. Or is it a Goldilocks house? One that's not too big and not too small. A house that is just right for the three of them. Much of the credit for the success of this place and its architectural tricks has to go to friend and architect Jerry Tate, who provided not just the design and expertise but the emotional support throughout the project. When were you last here? Probably about four months ago. That's the advantage of being mates, isn't it? You get your architect round for the occasional bottle and say, "While you're here... Here's a screwdriver." "What do you think of this?" I think of this as a bit of a model house, you know? I didn't really talk to Lucie too much about it being a prototype house but it was... It was the first new-build house we designed. It may be a simple house but there are entertaining details here that I didn't notice the first time around, like these delightful chain links for rainwater from the gutters, which seem to tether the house to the ground. It is glamorous. Yeah. Which is also what I like. Exactly. Why not? But actually, wrapped up in a much more modest envelope. There's a bit more, you know, that fits a tradition of stuff going on behind these hedges, you know, down towards the river. We were wanting it to look a bit like something that although you look at it you went, "God, that is quite striking", at the same time, it might have been here for a few hundred years. An old boathouse or something. Good architecture is also about providing space for people to grow and adapt in, to feel protected and looked after. In that respect, Nat's original hopes for this place are fully realised and remembered. Looking back, you know, with Nat's death and the project, do you compartmentalise those things? Well, I think I compartmentalise the period that Nat was ill and his death but I think since I started building the house, it has been pretty seamless. That's interesting because a lot of people will compartmentalise the process of building as a grim experience but, of course... No, no. It's incredibly positive. I loved it because it gave me something else to think about. What would Nat think now? I think he would have loved the way that it's so open and seeing the children running out of any door they want. All of that... Yeah, yeah, yeah. The way you use the building day-to-day. Exactly. I think that would have filled him with joy. How well is the building received now? It's become a bit of a...landmark. It might sound superficial but I love the fact it's a really cool house. I like the fact that people turn round the corner and are slightly taken aback. But I have got a pretty impressive house for a fraction of what it would cost me to buy another impressive house around here. I feel excited coming home to it every night. I mean, I'm really proud of it. Architecture can make us feel better, help us flourish and even heal us. I think this building, magically, does all three. Hypothetically, if somebody else comes into your life, is the house flexible enough to accommodate them, do you think? That is a big question. I don't know whether it would. It's important that I'm happy, it's important that our lives move on. So I'm never going to be so attached to this house that I wouldn't ever move away from it but, at the moment, it's wonderful. Yeah. They says scars heal with time, don't they? That people move on? The bizarre thing is that this building...hasn't. It's remained the same. I did wonder if that was because it remained a kind of memorial to Nat. But it's not that at all. Nat's ideas are here, for sure, but the reason this building hasn't changed is because it's so good. It's so usable. It's a proper exemplar for the kind of family home we could all be living in. It's a good little green building. The simple thing, really well done. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 