Grand Designs: Season 13, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Designs 
 s13e2 - The Miniature Hollywood Mansion, North London - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Designs (1999–…): Season 13, Episode 2 - The Miniature Hollywood Mansion, North London - full transcript 
 For a decade Jonathan Broom has dreamed of building his own home in London. Meanwhile he lived with his wife and now two children in a one room apartment they planned to rent for six months... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 If you live in a city - London, for example - then you'll be familiar with the problem of lack of space. People traditionally, of course, have solved this by going up. There's a two-storey extension just there. But supposing you did the opposite. Supposing instead of going up you went down, and you put half of your house underground. Jonathan Broome and his wife Deborah Sheridan-Taylor, have been scouring London for a building plot for almost a decade. If ever we saw any developments going on, we'd stop and peek in and always fantasise about - 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 "Wow, they found... How do you find that plot of land?" Jonathan runs an eco-taxi company, but his real obsession has always been to build his own home. I think I can honestly say that probably every day for the last 10 years I have sat and thought about this. While they've been looking, actress Deborah has become a full-time mum in their one-room apartment. We only moved in here literally to be here for six months, and we've outgrown this space, I think. We got married and had a baby and then another baby... and we're still here. And that's it. We've literally... Life has happened while we have been waiting for life to happen. Jonathan is so determined to build his own place, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 he spent years compiling a detailed scrapbook of his ideal nonexistent home. I think I horrified the architect when it landed on his desk. The house that we're trying to build is really like a list of dreams. Until that list of dreams becomes a reality... Come on, girls, let's go corridor! ..the children have to make do with the corridor they use as a garden. Under the bridge, quick, quick, quick! Come on. The opportunity to be able to open a door, and go outside... It is going to be wonderful! After 10 years of searching, however, they have finally found a tiny plot in north London. So you enter your site through a gate underneath somebody's bedroom? Yeah. Yes. It's quite narrow, isn't it? Jonathan and Deborah paid £405,000 for a plot of less than a 10th of an acre. Welcome to our rubbish dump. LAUGHTER Full of buddleia. How do you feel now, as owners of this very beautiful triangle? It's on the cusp of making a long-time-dream real. So what's down here? Have you ever been to the back of the site? We've actually never been right to the end of the site. Oh, come on! No. Please, you be the first. Be careful, though. Gosh, an old shoe. I'm sure we'll find a body in here! I'm not joking. It goes down to a very narrow point at the end. It is, isn't it? Really narrow! It's a very, very sharp pointy triangle. Yup. Here we are - I've got my machete. Such is the scarcity and the price of land in London, they'll be using every inch of the small awkward wedge-shaped site. And what they want to do is squeeze in an ambitious 3-storey home. First, they'll need to demolish a staggering 14 neighbours' walls to excavate the whole plot up to the boundary. A huge retaining wall around the perimeter will then encase and anchor the 6m deep basement into the ground. This floor will be crammed with a labyrinth of rooms - two studies opening onto a courtyard, a self-contained nanny flat, a gym, and the greatest indulgence - a subterranean, 12m lap pool. A guest bedroom will open onto a second courtyard. The two courtyards, along with a glass-roofed internal staircase, will suck some much-needed light into the basement. Above ground, the party walls get rebuilt and against one of them, Jonathan and Deborah will construct the houses middle floor, slightly sunken down and glazed along one entire length to pull more light in. Inside, a small playroom will sit alongside a comfortable kitchen and living room. Meanwhile, the third storey, pops its head above the parapet. It'll contain three bedrooms and two bathrooms, with views and a balcony overlooking their small garden. The need to respect everybody's privacy, including the neighbours', means inward-facing windows and skylights. And a low profile for the building. Which is mainly buried, like half-submerged submarine. So where are we standing, for example, here? We are literally on the corner of the ground and first floor. But below us something is going on, isn't there? The whole plot is excavated for the basement. The whole plot?! The whole plot. Not just the bit underneath this building? No. 50% of the building itself is in the basement. If on the ground floor you've got your kitchen, sitting room, etc, and on the first floor, your bedrooms, what happens in the basement? We are installing a small gym, a study, and a nice swimming pool. Like an adult playground. We just wanted to fill the space with everything we've ever wanted. And what's inspired it? Well, I lived in Los Angeles for quite a long time, and I always adores those beautiful houses. And I always loved the light in those sort of houses. We love light. Light is the most vital and important part of the whole build. So you build underground, yeah(!) No, but with amazing sources. That's been a main point - that we have as much opportunity to bring light into the house. Because in Los Angeles there is a lot more light than in London. Jonathan's going to take out a loan to help cover the £650,000 budget. But I'm wondering if that's enough, given the horrible logistics of this site. We are literally building... The whole plot is being excavated, so right up to the wall. So this comes down. And so it's IN their garden? This is why we're taking down every wall. Essentially, we're going to have to do is underpin every single wall here. You're expecting to go into everybody's garden, to be able to build your house? By how far? I think it's going to be approximately a metre. But, if I lived there, I'd have to sacrifice a very lovely palm tree. But, obviously, we have to put it back. Or a garden shed, or something. What everyone has. We're hoping to be part of a community here. We're not developing it and selling it on to somebody else, and who cares what anyone feels. We both desperately care about... Massively. It's massively important. We don't want to be the...hated neighbours. There are 17 separate party wall agreements. Land grabbing, no matter how temporary, is not the ideal way to begin community relations. Now, this plot is in Camden. And I cannot stress to you enough just how difficult it is to find a plot so close to the centre of London. It does, of course, come with its stings in the tail. For example, they're having to really push everything they're doing to the very edges of the boundary of the site. And even beyond. They're trying to excavate into their neighbours' gardens. And they have 17 party wall agreements to negotiate in order to be able to do that. That is the land they bought... this is in land they are negotiating on. And this here... What's this? Oh, this is the red mist descending on numbers 23 and 25... Oh, and 37. Ouch. Not surprisingly, six months later they're still negotiating. But some progress has been made. The Roper family, for example, have already signed up. Were you surprised at being asked to give over a metre of your own garden? Yes. I, personally, was. I thought, "Oh, my God, you know. "Got to give a metre over of our garden, you know. "We're going to be...squashed." But, end of the day, it'll all go back. You know, its disruption, but as long as it does go back, then it's not that big a deal. We are OK with it for the moment. It takes 10 months of careful negotiation for all 17 neighbours to finally agree terms. 10 months of waiting for work finally begin. Literally, every week I have genuinely believed we were going to start. It's been very, very tough. Today they can start to delicately unpick all their neighbours' walls. Firstly, we need to clear it, which we are doing today. Then we're going to get into each garden, take the wall down... With it, I think it looks a little smaller. Their contractor Grazian will be managing the site, but even for a seasoned builder like him this is no straightforward project. Party walls... We're used to having two, maybe three. But having 17 is above the norm, for us. Jonathan's taken it upon himself to be the community liaison officer, dispensing charm and tact to all around. Is for anything else we can do? Do you want anything else to go? Whenever I come down I try and knock on a few people doors. Please, give me a call if you need anything. I just want it to proceed as well is it can. With as little disruption to everybody as possible. Is she OK? Yeah. Very nice. Negotiating all the party walls has needed to be resourced with time and with thousands of pounds. There's no doubt this is a costly and complicated building. Paul Archer as the architect for the design. It just strikes me as a particularly ambitious project. Is it a 650,000... It strikes me as more. I reckon you could double what he's got to spend. He could get to 1.2 million easily. Basically, I think we trying to do a building which is £1 million, but for less. We will spend his budget, and then we will stop. Every last penny. The question is how far we get. My concern is that he gets as far as ground level, and the contingencies and problems that he discovers in the ground, swallow this budget. And if there is no more money this half doesn't get built. Yep. That's a definite possibility. Can they take occupation? Can they live in this underground? You probably could do if you had to, yes. But I don't think they'll want to. You know there is an inescapable truth about this project. There's Jonathan wanting to spend £650,000, there's the architect saying it's going to cost a million, I think they could easily spend 1.2. And if it goes over budget... what happens? They never get out of the ground. Who wants to live in a submarine? Who wants to live in a house where you can never... you can never surface for air? Jonathan and Deborah have started to build their London home with the highest hopes of meeting their ?650,000 budget. They've agreed a fixed-price contract with Grazian for the first phase, the basement. But by my reckoning, Jonathan, who admittedly is a canny businessman, still doesn't have enough money to finish the house. A month in and all the neighbours' garden walls have been taken down and replaced with a temporary hoarding. Hello, you two. Long time no see, eh? How are you doing? Very well, how are you? Mmmwah! It's a year, you know that? Yeah, just under a year. Well, getting on for. And you built a tree house. We have a wonderful tree house, yes. The entire plot will be excavated, so they've had to fit their site office in a neighbour's tree. Our children think this is the house we are building. HE LAUGHS They think we've done it. "That was quick!" It's perfect, it's in a tree too. With a lovely view of your rubble yard. Yeah. And how has it been? In relation to the neighbours? Yeah. Well, everyone has pretty much been very supportive. We've obviously tried to be as accommodating as we can. And the budget? Is it as tight as it ever was? I think it's probably going to come in at a little bit more than... we thought. Which means? For a change! What a surprise. I don't know yet. It's gone up because I didn't appreciate quite how expensive it is to dig such a big hole and fill it with concrete. Nothing on this project is going to be cheap. The groundworks and basement alone cost almost 400,000. But no excavation can take place until a series of concrete piles are drilled around the perimeter of the whole site, forming a retaining exterior wall to hold up the neighbours' gardens. Hello, Grazian. Hello, Kevin. This well is biblical! How are they getting on with the piling? On average, ten piles a day. How many do you need to do altogether? 180 all in. You might hope it would ease off a bit before you start pouring the concrete. It's a very wet slurry mix, isn't it? It's meant to be. It's designed that way. Good, cos it's getting wetter in this weather. Shouldn't be a problem at all. Two months later and the piling is complete, but there is a significant problem. It was unclear in their planning permission as to where they should determine ground level. As a result, there is a risk they might not be digging down far enough. The house could exceed its height restrictions so Grazian has to dig down further and adopt an entirely new strategy. The issue we have with going that extra half a metre, that takes us over the safe limit of excavation, which means we have to prop the 17 gardens we have, we have to install propping, shoring, something to hold the earth back so that the gardens do not fall in on us. This is bad news for Grazian. It will cost him dear in terms of time and materials and cut into his fixed margin. I would never have chosen to do this method. If we knew from the start exactly where we were, what we had to do...which has now caused the need for a makeshift, as-you-go-along builder platform, which I'm very unhappy with. The lack of clarity in a previous planning concept has led to this big headache for everyone, not least for the architect, Paul. The issue which has meant they are now going down another 700mm in height, to get a new lower level, how did that happen? You saw the site when you first came here. It was quite difficult to get an accurate survey on what was already here. And very difficult to get the actual heights of all the individual gardens because we couldn't get access to them. So who picks up the cost, then, of going to the extra 700mm? Well, it's a mixture of factors. But certainly the client will end up catching some of it. So Jonathan is having to pay for it, is he? I'm sure he's not happy about it, but that's what a contingency sum is about. He's a very good negotiator. Jonathan is desperate to save money and so he's started to take more time out from his eco-taxi company to get more hands-on. Where I think my skills lie is just constantly working on the budget, trying to stretch it that bit more, trying to figure out what savings we can make. Where should the money be spent? And try to negotiate a better price. That is in essence what I do and what I spend most of the time doing. At five, I had a stall outside my house selling orange juice. It's just something I seemed to be quite successful at. Jonathan is putting more and more of his time into the project. Deborah can't quite match that. Why do we always have to talk about the house, the house, and what's going to happen? It's like... you know, it's kind of like the love of his life. When I can see a shape, that will be when my love affair... will begin, I think. However, Deborah is fully employed as joint community liaison officer. We spent the whole weekend making banana bread, and sent Jonathan and the girls went and delivered them. Didn't you, Macky? Did you go and give cakies to our new neighbours? Yes. Not everyone was there last time we made the banana bread, so I decided to make a few more to say once again "We're so appreciative." Today the neighbours' walls are being rebuilt and the hoardings are coming down. Deborah and Jonathan can return the land they borrowed over five months ago. Their extensive charm campaign seems to have worked. We've had hardly any, if any complaints, and it just seems as if we had no neighbours around us. It's now six months since they started and excavation of the gargantuan basement has no end, it seems. By going deeper, we've doubled the time to get things in and out. It just gets harder and more labour-intensive. This hole is a monstrous size. It's not a house, it's a civil engineering project. How often do you make it onto site? Three or four times a week. Because it is rocketing on now, isn't it? I have to check that it still here. Check the hole's still here. My God, that is a hole! Cavernous, isn't it? It's like being inside the prow of great concrete ship. I don't think I've ever visited a house as sunken as this, one which is so buried. And what will we be in when the house is finished? I think was standing in...in a spare bedroom. Good. At the moment. It's often said that when constructing, you never quite know how much money you are going to spend until you're out of the ground. And of course here, you never will be! You were thinking of spending altogether something like 650 to begin with. Yeah, it was that kind of price without any contingencies in it in an ideal world. It's something approaching maybe 850 maybe, to... Yeah, that's probably... If you want to kit it out the way you want to. Yeah, which we are going to try to do. If we can borrow money and we can get it together to finish it now, we're going to do our utmost to do that. You get the risk, though, that you end up with a basement you don't use or a building which is half finished, yeah? Well, two-thirds finished, hopefully. Finished and you just owe a great load of money. Finished and we owe a lot of money, yeah. But it's a calculated risk and I don't think I'm reckless... No, in the current climate I salute you for it. After a whole seven months of digging, the excavation of the six-metre basement is complete. Finally they can start to build their underground home. It feels like a major day today, doesn't it? Yeah. It's moving out of phase digging, digging digging. Don't you think there's an energy here today? We are finally actually putting in the first bit of the house. Quite excited about today. I just discovered from Grazian that they have four hours in which to play around before it sets. It then takes four years to fully set. To dry. To fully set? Four years? Who knew? A month later, Jonathan makes a radical decision. He's calculated that getting a loan to include his 200,000 shortfall will cost too much. Instead, he's decided on an alternative way to finance the project. I sold my company. I think my heart went from it a bit and sort of... I fell in love with this. My wife would say that I am a big risk taker. She would probably say that I'm the biggest... Well, she has said that I take more risks than anyone that she knows. But in my blissful ignorance it never has crossed my mind that I couldn't not finish it. Good girl, well done. At this precise moment, Deborah doesn't share Jonathan's optimism. Jonathan not working...and putting everything into this house, it's suddenly become a little bit sort of more scary. I've always trusted him. You know, I hope he's not sort of overstretched itself. Do you want to come through the little hole? Sometimes we have massive fights and we say, "Is it worth it? "Is it worth it? What is it all for?" We're going crazy trying to do this and have we taken on too much? I suppose it's all coming together. We haven't built a house yet, so... ..who knows? Jonathan and Deborah are eight months into the construction of their half-buried house in North London. This gigantic, double-skinned basement is being wrapped in a waterproof membrane and is being packed with so much insulation, there'll be no need for conventional heating. We're over the moon now we're starting to put everything back in - we're actually building something now. The next stage will be to pour the internal skin of the basement walls, which need reinforcing with vast amounts of steel. The key with these walls is the preparation. We need to get this absolutely spot-on - it needs to be incredibly solid. The minute something cracks, doesn't hold, we've got a major problem, so we can't afford for that to happen. Next up comes a complex wooden mould, strong enough to hold something like 200 tonnes of wet concrete. It's incredible, the kind of symmetry of it all and it's like a kind of maze going in there. After weeks of painstaking preparation, today the walls will be poured. It's of course vital that the wooden mould doesn't fracture under the weight of the concrete. Any failure could be calamitous, dangerous and expensive for Grazian. My margins are incredibly tight in terms of time frame - everything has been worked out quite efficiently and to keep the price down, in order to win us the work, so we don't have much room for error. But it isn't long before there's a problem. CREAKING Stop! Stop, stop, stop. HE SPEAKS OWN LANGUAGE There were some sort of creaks and crunchy sounds, so they've stopped everything straightaway. That's a tremendous amount of pressure, so we're trying to figure out exactly where that is and what, if there is an issue. What's come up? Just the... The whole wall. The whole timber wall has gone up. So much pressure has actually moved the shuttering up. If this timber shuttering breaks, there'll be an avalanche of concrete. We've used thousands and thousands of screws. Unfortunately, it looks like we're missing one screw somewhere. Now it's level. HE SPEAKS OWN LANGUAGE Fortunately, Grazian's team have spotted the fracture in time, which they need to contain and reinforce with more screws and fixings. With luck, the basement will, within hours, have walls. Two weeks later, they're ready to pour the ground floor slab, forming a lid on top of the basement. The lower ground floor has already swallowed up nearly two thirds of their original budget, and they still have two more floors to build. It's a little bit like standing at ground level when you first bought the site, isn't it? It is, it is. All those months of work to get back to where you were, almost. Yup. And the money situation just changed entirely, hasn't it? Did you add enough from selling the business? I don't really know, is the honest answer. It's not going to be completely outright. We should be able to get cheaper finance at the end of it, if there is a shortfall of an extra 50 or 100 or 200 or whatever it is. It should be OK. Are you, kind of, excited by the idea of Jonathan selling his share or is it sort of worrying? Worrying when you don't have anyone in the family working. That can be slightly worrying. He does sit at home a lot going... Adding things up in his head. His parents are petrified - they have stopped asking questions. I think, eventually, they'll just come here and hopefully see a house at the end of it. But his father just shudders. Jonathan is prepared to risk a great deal to build this house. After all, this has been an obsession for the last ten years. Let's hope both the money and the design of this half-underground home work out. Right now, I think it's very hard to figure this out. At the moment, it just feels troglodytic. It's exciting. It's all in here, isn't it, Jonathan? In your imagination, you can see it all. Every detail. I guess so. Well, I've been poring over plans and things for years. And? I... It's not in here yet. I am still sort of slightly... It's a cold, damp basement with no light. You've yet to fall in love with it. I'm yet to fall in love with this bit, yeah. Jonathan is now working full-time on the project in an effort to cut costs. No, not that I know of. I'm spending most of my time trying to get the best price that I can. That's right. I push things as hard as I can without it breaking. Now, Jonathan is at home all day, both business and family life have to take place in this one room. It's very hard with the children here and me here and phones ringing and stuff like that. Daddy always on the phone? Yeah. So, it's not the greatest environment. But after 11 months, their new home seems to be finally coming up for air. The structure for the next two storeys is up. Well, what a change, eh? Look, platform. Floor, solid. And this! Now the excitement is mounting, because I can actually visualise that that is going to be our balcony from our bedroom. That's going to be our playroom and this is our garden that we're standing in. You don't feel too hemmed in? No, I like that feeling, I feel quite secure. My biggest fear was that it was like a, sort of, fishbowl and we'll be peered in on all the time, but I'm actually really comfortable now. If you put a recliner here, your head would be actually... Do know what? I can't see a single window. You couldn't be seen. Well, this is why we did it, you know, for Jonathan, with his whole nudist thing. It's perfect. He only ever sunbathes totally nude. Congratulations, Jonathan. You'll be able to get all over, even tan. DEBORAH LAUGHS And with the end seemingly in sight, Jonathan's negotiated a deal on some hi-tech bathrooms. If I show you this particular toilet, sir... It is a little bit different from a normal toilet seat. You will notice, when you sit down, it's warm. So rather than being heated, because someone has sat there before you... That's so lovely. It's heated to your own temperature, so especially... Oh, it's so warm. If I press this button here, that says "Rear". There is a wand unit that pops out and washes you. Hello. Despite the budget overruns, they are determined not to compromise. We've got one chance to do it, so, to do it right, to do the house justice, I have to absolutely maximise what I can do and what I can get. After 15 months of relentless building, the structure of this house is complete. But there are still no windows and, until they are installed, they can't get on to the final finishes. Look, there's water pouring into all of your drains. When are you going to move in? We have a date of the 15th of November. That's six weeks away. Yeah. You've got no windows. But what we're thinking... But, Kevin, we are thinking we'll move in... Hopefully, if the glass comes in, we'll have this floor and upstairs. But there's so much to do. Everything is in place. We just have to now basically put up the walls. No, Deborah, everything is not in place. It's not? Everything's very much not in place. There is no plasterboard in place. But how long does it take to plasterboard? That doesn't take long. Probably a week for that and then you've got second fits, you've got all the furniture to put in, got the glazing to put in. We want to get in here. What drives you to try and get in here sooner rather than later? If you don't push, then... So, it's about driving the project? I think so, yeah. Set deadlines for the builders. Yes. And enough, already. We're talking about the house. Enough! We want to move in and start living. This is a tall order for Grazian. There's no way this building will be habitable in six weeks. You've moved. Yes, we have. Hello, Kevin. You've got a little, new, subterranean office. Based on the number of men you've got on and had on site for a while, I'd say you've got eight to ten weeks' work to get upstairs ready for them. We have a programme where there are more guys due to come in, especially once the windows go in, to fill the plasterboard, doors, skirting... There is nothing holding Deborah back. She's determined to move in. We've had a number of discussions with the clients. I bet you have. So, they are putting pressure on us. Is the money also a pressure? It always has been. I think I find most projects, if not every single one, has, over the past years, been on the lower side, lower profit margins. Yeah. Crikey! There's such a lot to do here, isn't there? But never underestimate the value of a deadline, because Jonathan and Deborah, they've waited ten years for this and they're determined to move in in six weeks' time. And as far as she's concerned, nothing, but nothing, will stand in their way. But, less than two weeks later, there does come some devastating and unexpected news that brings the whole project grinding to a halt. We unfortunately found out a couple of days ago that... ..the contractor had gone into administration. I kind of had a suspicion that, you know, things might not be great. I didn't think that they were as serious as they obviously were. I came down to find his guys getting their tools and that's when he said that the company had been put into administration and everything was kind of stopped. It's just a bad situation, it's not a good situation. No-one is going to come out of it the better. Moving in looks further away than ever. Their already cramped studio is now filled with bathroom suites, retrieved from the abandoned site. I now feel like BLEEP the house. It's such a nightmare, it's such a mess. It's put us in... It's put everything in jeopardy. I don't now see the house... I know it's right at the last point, but I think nothing can happen this year. It's a real misfortune for everybody involved. It really is for us and for Grazian. Grazian's family business was set up over 20 years ago. The harsh economic climate has put increased strain on a number of their projects, making it difficult for them to survive. Our profit margins were either non-existent or very minimal, which we depended on a very good cash flow. Our whole family's pretty much in tears. We knew the project was a very big challenge, but we like that and we took that on. We were very eager to get stuck in. But in today's market, there's no room for error and many contractors are paying a heavy penalty for fixed-price deals. Jonathan, my heart goes out to him and his family with how the property's been left - I am lost for words. I don't know what to say. It's the worst that can happen. It's now four months since Jonathan and Deborah's contractor went bust. I'm keen to see how they're bearing up. Difficult kind of... And a rather stressful experience. Yeah, it was... It's been a... It's been a tough sort of four months. It just stopped. And it wasn't watertight, it wasn't anything, and no-one was doing anything, and there wasn't anybody to do anything. I think Jonathan has gone through stages of saying, when he's come home at three in the morning, because he's been mopping up the water and bucketing it out, that, literally, "This house, we're out." "We're going to complete it and we're going to go." Now, things are starting to happen. I think that there's a level of excitement starting again. Building companies are usually reluctant take on half-finished projects, but after months of searching, they found Henry, a contractor willing to step in. I'm looking down the length of this kitchen at loads of hanging cables and ducting and pipe work... It's not that straightforward, is it? There are still things where I'm not sure what those cables are doing. Really? With a new contractor in place the projects can - in fits and starts - begin to get going again. But it takes another six months of hard slog to get it close to the finish line. Despite what it looks like, it's nearly done, actually. It feels we've reached a milestone, getting it here, getting it in. I think we're probably about a week away from moving into the top two floors, so it's all, kind of, coming together. And it'll be nice to have a home. Almost three years after I first met Jonathan and Deborah, it's time to see if all their years of longing, waiting, planning and building have yielded anything worthwhile. This is something of a transformation. What was once a rubbish dump is now a hidden gem. How are you? Good! How are you? I'm very well, yeah, yeah. Very pleased to meet here. Hello. How are you? Good, good, good. You're both well? We are. We are. Are you enjoying this place? Mm. It's quite a reveal. It's like a little magic world of modernism stuck behind these 19th-century terraces. It doesn't feel like you're bang in the middle of central London. No, no. It's more like bang in the middle of Barcelona, really. It does feel a bit like that. It's more glamorous than that! There's a lot of material, and a lot of building here. But you wouldn't know it. The basement is now capped, while the two above-ground storeys are deliberately modest in size. They avert their gaze from the surrounding buildings and focus instead on the slightly sunken garden below. This is not architecture as object statement, but as a building which is all the time responding to the site. I think the space has been very well designed. It has. It took a lot to achieve the simplicity. What do people say? What do the neighbours say? Everybody seems to be rather intrigued. I've spoken to a few people and I think they appreciate it. The balance, I think, between our privacy and their privacy, and overlooking, has fortunately been achieved quite well. Well, you say that... All those windows look in to your... But they're mainly staircase windows or bathrooms. Really? Yes. Yes. There's a bedroom, maybe, at the top, but then, it's night-time. Ah, OK. The tree-house has gone. Much to the disappointment of my girls. And anyway, I'd sooner trade that for this any day. Show me around. On this small site there are some big ideas. And no little ingenuity. I like this very, very simple threshold. There's something going on here which is nice. That curtain wall of glass... which is stepped off by a metre from the... This is what's doing all the work. This beautiful polished concrete column. And that row of columns allows you to then float the glass wall, almost ambiguously, doesn't it? Mm. These columns - the posh word for them is piloti - hold the building up, allowing one of architectures greatest tricks - the suggestion of effortless weightlessness. The kitchen is part of the architecture, isn't it? It's not just where you cook. It looks like a big block of wall. The whole thing was to have these monolithic blocks, like the extractor, the fireplace, the toilet behind... The wall. And the wall at the back which makes effectively a room beyond. Unlike the old apartment, their new home has... well, rooms. And separate spaces. The fact that I can wake up at five o'clock in the morning and I can go downstairs and make a cup of tea or do something and not wake up the whole house is...extraordinary! We should go and explore. Which way first? Upstairs? Oh, it's very light this end of the building, isn't it? It's because of all that glass. Glass ceiling, window... This is all frosted. For privacy, of course. Yup. Meanwhile... Oh... This is great, isn't it? More light. All the way down the corridor. This simple seven-metre-long skylight cleverly suggests that the building steps off the party wall behind it. And it fights any idea of claustrophobia with a view to infinity. So this is... Mabel Lily's room. Mabel Lily's room. And it's connected to... Harriet's room. They've both got... Very bright skylights, yes. Which helps illuminate them. Helps them wake up early, as well. And the connecting door's a big thing, isn't it? It could be one bedroom, one space. Door slamming going on at the moment. Do they really? "It's my room! Get out!" And the fact that the rooms mirror each other has always been a nice thing. So there's no excuse to argue. Who's got the biggest room? Yeah. Who's got prettiest chandelier? Yes. I have. No, I have. No, I have. And this, I have to say, is I think brilliant. Yup. A little stroke of genius on the part of your architect. That's what you pay them for, eh? Ideas like this. Receded, snuck into the room, so you get privacy for the girls, which is obviously needed, but I particularly like the way in which... when they've slammed the door, for the last time, and locked it, they can still gesticulate through the windows at each other, can't they? The three upstairs bedrooms aren't over-large, or extravagant. Neither are the luxurious bathrooms, each of which are tucked away. Oh, and they are Jonathan's moving-in slippers. Moving-in slippers, Jonathan? A present to yourself. In the master en suite bedroom, there's an intriguing view from their unfinished balcony of the light well in their sunken garden. There's a sense of mystery about that. You don't expect to see that in the garden, do you? You don't really know what's down there. No, no, no. Well, I don't. Show me. The biggest magic trick here is, of course, the contrast between modest overground spaces, and the giant basement, lit partly by the expansive stairwell. You've got a slate wall to your spa. Like the very best Swiss resorts. That's very...ultra-fashionable. Lovely. For me, it's the best space, because of the sheer height. The National Portrait Gallery has got one of these. This is the third light well, isn't it? So you can swim under natural light. That was the idea, so that you'd see the sun shining, rippling on the water. Nice. I love this. This is surreal! Heat, heat! The blast of heat and humidity coming in here. That is exceptionally warm. I remember when we stood, sort of through there somewhere, surrounded by those concrete piles, well below this floor level. We were another... Exactly. We're a storey down now, but to excavate the pool it had to go down and another storey. And this is the result, which is discombobulating. It is quite hard to actually remind myself that we're below ground. Discovering a pool buried in this basement is surprising, as is the sauna, and the gym. I wonder how this indulgent adult playground sits alongside Jonathan's eco-credentials. You've used hundreds of tonnes of concrete in wrangling this place. Did you... Do you... Can you... Where does the balance lie? We don't have any other heating in the house. There's other things that save in that aspect. That's a very important point. The pool is your only source of heating. Absolutely. This underground labyrinth is crammed with rooms. Around the front light well courtyard are Deborah's and Jonathan's own swanky new studies, next to which is a self-contained nanny flat, with kitchen and bathroom. This building is a mathematical exercise in maximising every square inch of possible space out of a plot - necessary in central London. But that will never be straightforward. A building like this requires a huge amount of drive. And that comes from you. It doesn't come from the architect, the contractor. I want to know where that comes from. Whilst we were packing to move in here, we came across a video that Jonathan had made about building a skateboarding park, and on the video, he makes a comment. Never give up. And he says that as a 13-year-old boy. If you put enough effort into anything, you will achieve. In pushing to the very edges, into other people's gardens, does that not just, in retrospect, too much? I feel duty bound to make the most of whatever I try and do and I wouldn't... It wouldn't have been right to not maximise it. Interesting, interesting. That would have been to compromise. Yes. And that's not within you, is it? No, I don't think you should. What are the little details of the building that bring you some joy? It's just discovering corners, discovering shards of light coming in. The sound of the children playing in their own rooms, which is quite lovely to hear them upstairs really enjoying their space. They all deserve to enjoy this building, but at what price? Inevitably, given the history of the project, it's gone well over the original 650,000 budget. How much did it cost? I think it's probably close to 900. Are you in penury now or are you in a good place? I would've liked to have spent less, but you always would. I mean, all in all, what with three years in the planning, execution and ten years of devising and dreaming, was that worth it in the end? Yes, it's amazing. We have an amazing place that we love and we're incredibly grateful for. In relation to what has been put into this, to every single corner of this house, I think that Jonathan has... I think his children should be very proud of what he's done. You might find this place wilful, forced, overwrought. You might baulk at the amounts of materials and energy that have gone into making it, but buildings don't just happen. They have to be willed, forced and wrangled into existence, and, as to the embodied energy, that's incalculable, really, and, in this case, its costs are incalculable, because the greatest amount of energy in a building like this, is human energy. At times, it even seems superhuman. I usually find that the greater the will, the greater the building. It's kind of a mother ship. The kitchen is the heart of the home. My natural instinct is to design rhythmic spaces. The design part was tricky. We fought a lot. We don't have the money. We still don't even have the security that we're going to get the money. He now has to work harder or make some changes. So close to it being something. No, it's a fantasy until it's finished, Martin. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 