Grand Designs: Season 13, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Designs 
 s13e3 - The Giant Farm Shed, York - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Designs (1999–…): Season 13, Episode 3 - The Giant Farm Shed, York - full transcript 
 A young couple wanted to change a 1960s bungalow into their dream house near York, Yorkshire, but once they move into the bungalow they find it will be cheaper to start a new build. So they... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 How do you define modern family life? Well, I'd argue it's down to three things. A chaotic, relentless diary, plastic play furniture everywhere and a general anxiety about where the children are and what they're doing right now to each other. And if you were to design the ideal setting for such a family life, the perfect home, what form would it take? What single idea would underscore it? I'd suggest it's the mothership. SHEEP BLEAT IN DISTANCE What's that? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Three years ago, Martin and Kae Walker bought this 1960s bungalow in Yorkshire, complete with outdoor swimming pool. With some big ambitions for transforming it into a model home for their growing family. But they fell out of love with it when they realised their plan wasn't going to work. The cost to get this house to a level where we'd like it to be is probably going to be... Same as building from scratch. The cost of building a house from scratch. It's so cold, we can't heat it. It costs a fortune and it's never warm. It's damp. All the windows need replacing. For architect Martin and art director Kae, the best thing about the bungalow was the edge of village two acre plot it came with. They decided to split the sites, put the bungalow on the market 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and build a brave, new world for themselves right on site, next door from scratch. We are going to try and put a whole lot of our own design and living aspirations into the house. We have the opportunity to create something truly unique to us. But the "us" with Martin and Kae is a complicated mix. They are different people with different ideas. While Kae wants their new house to be cosy and relaxed, Martin's natural state is anything but. He is a wired individual, a commercial architect whose gods are precision and rationality. I have got a massive drive inside me to be uber-functional. And it's an opportunity for me to design the perfect functional house. You're an architect, designing your own house, but I don't want to lose track of what's important. Getting our children to have a happy life in this house is important for us. It's not just about you and I designing something. It's for our children, too. Kae's fierce determination to stand up to Martin is not without reason. He has form. He rebuilt the previous home, an old forge in Kent, and spent all their money on the structure, leaving nothing for furnishings. Theirs might be called a healthy tension, a yin and yang relationship. But they have agreed on a design, and they're not hanging around. They've already got the scaffolding up. How would you describe what it is you're doing? The idea is it's kind of a mothership. The kitchen is the heart of the home. It's right in the centre of the house. Everything kind of flows off there. You've got family living on the one side and grown-ups living on the other side and the same again upstairs. How would you describe the design? It's going to be open plan internally with no load-bearing walls, so I was keen for the timber frame. I've got choices between concrete, steel and timber, timber was the most sustainable and the cheapest. As a commercial architect, Martin's reputation is for high-end factories and offices, big, heavy duty buildings, and his family home will be no exception. The skeleton will be a series of repeated bays made up of 100 pieces of very thick timber. Glue laminated beams to keep the ground floor as open and flexible as possible. Into the timber skeleton go thickly insulated timber panels. Kae, meanwhile, plans to customise the interior with different colours, to mark out the laundry room, toilet, playroom and the living room which all radiate from the large kitchen at the centre of the house. This is Mothership HQ. Kae's command centre, where she can socialise, work, cook and simultaneously perform as a 21st-century supermum. When she can't see the children, she'll be able to hear them through two voids in the first floor which effectively form a wide bridge that will connect four generously sized bedrooms. The floor above will hold a playroom and a store for the mechanical heat recovery and ventilation unit, that'll make this a healthy and cost-effective house to live in. A big inspiration for Martin and Kae were the local barns. Like them, this place will be clad in block work at the bottom and some timber boarding above. The ridged roof will be broken with a central, flat access deck to present a staggered skyline to the surrounding houses. Martin's design takes everything he's good at and interested in and attempts to reinvent it for the house. Of course, he's worked on bigger projects than this, he's just never had to pick up the tab for any of them. So, what do you hope to spend? 400. 400. If we can do it for 400 it'll be really good. The money to build this comes from what, selling the bungalow? Selling the bungalow. We sold the bungalow... We have the cash. And is there a mortgage on that, you've still got to pay or you can be mortgage free? A tiny one. A small mortgage on that which we can't transfer. It's a mortgage worth £100,000. It's not vast, but I'd be cautious about getting any amount of money from a bank in a recession. Having sold the house, where are you going to live for the duration of the project? Back in the house. Back in the house. How come? Because we're going to rent it off the buyers. You've sold it and renting it back. When have you got to be out? I think June but... June. Are you confident you are going to get what you want out of him? Oh, erm... We've been there. No, we have... The design part was tricky, we fought a lot. It was aesthetics really, about how things looked. Sometimes Martin's architect head doesn't always function family life. That could kick up a few... What do you mean by that? Like staircases without banisters or polished concrete floors. You just go, "You do realise you've got children "that are just going to fall down the stairs!" That's perhaps because he's a commercial architect and designing homes for people isn't part of his usual architectural repertoire. Ordinarily, if you wanted to employ an architect to design you a house, I'd say find one who has designed plenty of them for other people, who's really specialist in that subject and who has a natural affinity with domestic architecture. Martin, I think, is a great architect. His speciality, however, is warehouses. This type of repetitive but precise architecture really appeals to me. It's got that kind of construction, almost toy-like quality. It's the model. It's almost back to the model. I was fascinated by models, I loved taking things apart. Kae couldn't be more different. She couldn't care less about how things fit together. Her job as interior designer on this project starts when Martin's finished the structure, when she will take over the budget. We'd have to move that wall purely for the aesthetical reasons. Her priority is to make an enjoyable, delightful home for their family. She's built a virtual walk-through of it. I very much want the interior spaces to be fun, colourful, happy. 3D modelling gives you so many more options. But sometimes with this house it's become a bit of an evil thing because it becomes too easy to go, "What if we just, what if we just?" And one day you have to make a choice and you have to build it. Years of collaborative virtual modelling and planning mean that Martin and Kae are confident they'll have their house up in seven months. In mid-December work starts on their frame, and it's a very strange thing indeed. It's made up of glue laminated timber, or Glulam, with steelwork, materials as opposite as Martin and Kae themselves. It's rare to see timber and steel hybrid frames like this on a domestic project. We have got a lot of steel in here. That is to get that stability and rigidity, so we don't have something that's going to topple around. We are creating a simple portal frame, so we need that rigidity at the connections. For Martin, it's a very precise and tried and tested way of building. He's not one to take risks, unlike Kae, who's taken and unconventional, eccentric approach to sourcing contractors. Most of the tradesmen and women that we're using on the build come from the school playground. A lot has been done through us mums chatting. I got our main contractor, Jim. He is the husband of a very good friend of mine. I'm still on the lookout for a decent joiner. I think it's just so fantastic to use the people we see every day. This is different from your run-of-the-mill extensions and small newbuilds and that kind of thing. It's not standard stuff. It's the biggest job we've taken on. In the New Year, one month into their seven-month programme, the hybrid Glulam and steel frame arrives. For engineer Martin, it's a giant £70,000 Meccano set and he can't wait to play with it in his back garden. He's beside himself! I've been up since, I don't know, five o'clock, twitching at the curtains, waiting for it to arrive. Terribly excited, really excited. I can't believe we've started. Yeah, thrilled. It's the day we've been waiting for. This is an exercise in engineering systems. In rational construction, repetition and efficiency. In creating an outstanding vision of symmetrical beauty, it helps to have symmetrical workers. OK. We're identical twins. A lot of the time on site we get asked, "Do you two know each other?" You could say that, yeah. Or the other one is, somebody will come over and speak to Martin thinking that it's me. "I thought I told you to do that an hour ago," and not realise it was me that they'd told. We get all that. The number of times I've got him in trouble not wearing my hardhat! In the hands of a less particular architect and less skilled workers, the jointing of flexible timber and rigid steel could seem clumsy. But Martin's mind ticks like a machine. Every junction is planned, every measurement perfect. Today was a pivotal day for the build. The day when it arrives on the back of a lorry was my climax of the build for me. I can see the rhythm of the frame coming up, I can see its symmetry, the finish looks great. I love the exposed fittings and... Yeah, it's what I'd hoped and more, really. Of course he loves it. Like the very best of his commercial buildings, this place is conceptually and structurally simple and elegantly rational. But it needs to be more than that. How shall I put this, Martin is a bit of an obsessive enthusiast, he's a detail man. He likes things to be absolutely clear, he likes his layouts to be straightforward and simple, functional. He likes things to be lined up. Look, I'm the same. I do like all my slot headed screws to be organised in the same way. I do like detail. And you need this in a building, you need your handles not to fall off, you need a layout which is really clear and easy to understand, elegant and straightforward. However, architecture also needs soul, it needs passion. So I think, erm... cue Kae. One month has passed since Martin and Kae started, and the house has already adopted a straight, no-nonsense Yorkshire character. But as well as being a Yorkshireman, Martin's an experienced and successful architect, with plenty of commercial building experience. Which is perhaps why, in the raw, this naked frame looks like it's going to be a car showroom. It's quite big, isn't it? It's not delicate, it's quite "umph". It's chunky. Chunky and solid and assertive. To be honest, I think the really interesting thing about the frame at the moment, there's a huge difference between what we can see now, to what you can see when it's completed. Yeah. At the moment, you have that solidity and strength to it, and it looks very chunky. That will completely transform once we've got this wall section. It will be expressed in places... It will be expressed in places, but you're not going to see the full depth of it. No, no. In truth, what you will see are the outlines of the Glulam goalposts repeated through the building. Done in steel, this repetition would have felt too powerful and clinical. In timber, the result should be quite the opposite. There's a tremendous pleasure to be derived from rationality, from the simplicity, where every detail is thought about and considered. And I think that causes calmness, and that's something that I feel home should be. Yes. I mean, the outside world where we live is just mental and hectic and you're doing 300 things. But when you come home, you just want a sense of... TAKES DEEP BREATH You know. Do you do that when you come home? No, I'm a fidgeter! I just want to get around, I want to do things. I'll be here, and I'll be over there. I'll be doing this thing, and I'll be wanting to go upstairs. I'm not going to be doing that! Watching you makes me tired! THEY LAUGH It takes just that sort of relentless energy to create something of precision and value. Martin's done that with the frame. It delivers a great thing in architecture - the pleasure of simplicity. The joy of a design like this is that even a five-year-old can understand it. In fact, if you asked a five-year-old to design a timber frame of a house, they would do something like this. There's the first floor going in. Da-dah! What this reminds me of is traditional barns and traditional buildings. And indeed, if this frame had been built out of oak, say 500 years ago, all it would have required would be a couple of little braces here and here and here and here, where there's a window. And there you are, you see? It would look like a sort of a half-timbered medieval box-frame timber house. Or, for that matter, an ancient barn. Local barns inspired Martin and Kae's project. But not the sort of elegant medieval structures people long to convert into homes. Oh, no. Bizarrely, they like these brutal steel-framed buildings. Why are we here? Why are we looking at an agricultural covered yard? Because I've got one of these. They're not... Is this inspiration? It is. We wanted to do something which had some presence to it, some volume to it. It's a beautiful, simple, structural form that we wanted to replicate. There's a familiarity to the shape. They're built on the periphery of villages, into the farmland. There's a familiar part of materials. They tend to be concrete blockwork and timber cladding. And it's a building that's spacious, it's large, it's got a presence. But it doesn't feel... out of place. Yeah. What is it about them that appeals to you? As far as I was concerned, when we set out to build our own house, I thought of something very, very contemporary. Flat-roof, very sleek. But because of where we are, very early in conversation with planners, we had to have a pitched roof to part of the building, if not the whole building. And as soon as that happened, you then have to be very careful of not doing little Noddy houses. So that's where it started. So you were looking for something else, almost, that kind of... Something else. We look at our village - we've got these, you know, pretty little Noddy houses. And at the back are all these agricultural buildings. And it happens three, four, five times, just in our village. So it was that negative rejection of the conventional that drove you, as it were, just to look for the unconventional that was around you. We didn't have to look far. I mean, all you have to do is open your eyes a little bit further, look out. Don't look at the houses, just step a little bit to the side and all of a sudden, whang! We've got all this inspiration beside us. I think functional agricultural buildings are a great source of inspiration for rural contemporary architecture. But goodness me, you've got to think hard about how to make them comfortable. Happily, on site a week later, stud walls are going up and the modern comfort of insulation is a welcome addition. Martin's giant super-spanning frame can accommodate a lot of trades doing a lot of things. So, one team are putting in the panelled walls, while Martin's main contractor, Jim, works on the roof. We're sort of on target. The walls are still going up as the roof's going on. It's a good system, basically. With the frame, it's allowed everyone to get on with the bits they need to do. So it should be watertight in about a week or so. When they reach that point, it'll be difficult and expensive to change anything. So Martin's made a snap decision to beef up the structure of the attic, thereby making an extra habitable room that he wanted, at an extra cost of 7,000. It made perfect sense to just adapt the trusses slightly so that we could use them in the future. I didn't tell Kae about this, but I had instructed the contractor to modify the trusses at a small expense. Now we're up here, they're such great rooms and I think Kae is slowly beginning to warm to them. I'm not so sure. It's our house, and I suppose he's taken some liberties. Because, you know, when the architect - my husband - says, "Oh, we need loft rafters", I'm going to go, "Of course." You know, I'm not going to argue with that. And then it turns out that these loft rafters actually means that there's an extra room that we never needed. The loft rafters aren't just a bite out of their 400,000 budget, they're a sizeable chunk out of Kae's money for the interior. And this has had a knock-on effect on, you know, things like our kitchen budget and our bathroom budget. So he now either has to go and work harder, and earn more money so I can have my bathroom, or, I don't know, make some changes elsewhere. Their financial worries are stacking up. They're already ?100,000 short of being able to finish, and they're trying to borrow at a time when banks don't want to lend. Of course, it's important to spend the money on the structure and the insulation, but every home needs running water, a bathroom, somewhere comfortable to sit, maybe. I'm a bit concerned about the money. And I suppose I'm worried about at the end of the process. Because this has happened to us before, that you get to the lovely part where I want to go and choose curtains and scatter cushions and we go, "No money, Kae. Sorry." and our last place was awesome, but we had no sofa to sit on! And you can't have a room without a sofa! It would be a nightmare for Kae if history repeated itself here. In their last home that they worked on together, converting an old forge, Martin spent all their money on the fabric of the building. Here, he seems to be reverting to type, investing in insulation and the eye-wateringly expensive ?45,000 triple-glazed windows. That's brilliant. Brilliant to see them, great. Really good. They are selected primarily for their good heat loss performance. The gods of efficiency and performance are venerated in Martin's life. They are in his blood. My natural instinct is to design rational, rhythmic spaces, simple forms. The building is definitely an expression of me. I think you just have to look around and see how square it is! HE LAUGHS Square and practical don't always make for a warm, homely environment. But here, Martin's rational approach extends to the generosity of the layout and some thoughtful arrangements. All your partitions are going up, then. It's a much more divided space upstairs, isn't it? Conventional, in that way. Yeah. And very cosy. Yeah. This will be, of course, open. Void, yeah. Void here. Void there. And the steps up to the attic. Kind of enticing, that, isn't it? Narrow, sweet little stairs. We've also got that little door that we want to put into their bedrooms, to interlink their bedrooms. This one? Yeah. Where does it go? Into the stud wall? Yeah. Look at that! It's going to have little interlinking bedrooms! Lovely. SHE LAUGHS You want to try and go through?! You could get your vacuum cleaner through there, couldn't you? Just... The door links the two bedrooms together. Narnia! I think that's on the one hand very lovely, and on the other hand, extremely pedestrian! You know! "Where does this door lead? Oh, into my sister's bedroom. Great(!)" You know! But, no, I love the idea. Fun thing. Martin's approach - thank the gods of rationality - is softer, and more humorous than I thought. He's even designed in one or two elements of quirkiness for Kae to evolve as she develops the design. You'll have noticed the little door that's going to be placed in between the children's bedrooms. Like the door to Narnia. This narrow little staircase leading up to the second floor attic, which is charming and slightly Olde Worlde. The attic itself, which is going to become a play space. Outside, a little deck. And beyond it, another room in the far attic space there, which is only accessible from up here. I mean, all these little extra devices are examples of a slightly more playful nature in the building. And I think - I hope - we're going to see a bit more of that. Martin and Kay are bringing a lifetime of architectural and construction experience to their project here in Yorkshire. They've been on site 16 weeks and already Kay is supervising the installation of her handmade kitchen into the heart of the mothership. Is that about where it's supposed to be? It's a bit skewed at the moment, isn't it? Yeah, it is. OK. Martin's background in the world of functional, commercial architecture did lead me to think that this house could end a bit, well... ...dry. But, slowly, little touches of playfulness are creeping in. Easy access for the kids to be fighting with each other. What do you think about that problem, then? Kay is now assuming more and more responsibility, adapting Martin's designs and developing them. So, she's taken the pink bricks from the cladding and is using them for an inside wall. Was this your idea? It was Kay's idea. Yes. It was Kay's idea. I've got loads of ideas, it's just getting them through Martin's system, which is painful. Got to go through my strict quality control. If it's not in my mind, not in my vision, I need to be shown it and convinced about it and illustrated. It's quite hard work for Kay, because I spend a lot of time... Blimey, you've turned into the client all of a sudden... Yeah, I know. ..have to visualising something. So the roles reversed, almost? Absolutely. If you had total control over this building, what would you be putting in? What kind of kitchen? Oh, it would be dull. Oh, God! It'd be white. This is one of the things which I experienced last night when I came into the kitchen. I said to Kay, back at home, "You've done a fantastic job. "It's beautiful what you're doing with this kitchen. "You're bringing in such a lot of character and her personality "into the materials which I could not do. "It would just be a white kitchen." It's a wise man who can acknowledge his limitations. But, creativity costs money. Kay has overspent. Her wall has cost ?4,000 extra. It's money they can ill afford, because they are still waiting to hear from the bank about the ?100,000 they need to borrow. We did feel that we weren't asking for much money to finish and we've just been surprised at just the ridiculous amount of questions that they are asking. But we've got a plan, we have spoken to our parents. Our parents, on both sides, have been very supportive and lending us what they can. We've got about 60% of what we felt we need and we are going to economise and bring the building under budget. They've borrowed ?55,000 from their parents which should keep the project going while they wait to hear from the bank. Assuming all is well, Kay heads to York to see a painter friend of hers, Donna, who's helping with a big idea for the interior. Hello. Pleased to meet you. How are you? Very well, thanks. Is this your space? It is, yes. What is it you're asking of Donna to do for you? I'd like to commission Donna to do a painting for our main lounge. Yeah. A large piece that reflects the Yorkshire Moors. Then the colour schemes that she uses within the painting, I would like her to use specific colours in there to decorate the rest of the house. So painting comes first, decorative scheme comes second? Yes. Out of a painting like that? Yes. One of the most important processes is, I'll trudge round, I'll take the dog, my husband, we'll go in rain, we'll go in wind, we'll go in sun, so that you really capture that. I've got to get a know a subject first. The changing landscape? Yeah. Because I'm quite restricted with the children and I'm indoors and I'm at home and I'm trying to work and be a mum. It's quite nice to know that there's someone out there who's doing the walking of the dog! Yeah. Sure. I can look at that painting and can dream about, you know... There's a romance in that, isn't there? It is. Like reading Wordsworth. You're taken there, you're transplanted there. That's art. It contrasts very strongly with the rationality of the design, doesn't it? I think that's probably why I'm so quiet at the moment, because it's polar opposite to the way I approach design and art. It's great that we have this. I think the philosophies are all starting to come together. You've got this very functional home and then it's going to have beautiful things which are a bit more free and a bit more less thought about and just more expression of feeling. But all of that together makes for a good environment for children, for people, for, you know, to enjoy company. That's ultimately what life's all about, is making connections with different people on different levels in a lovely environment. Perfect. Perfect. Donna's painting is an important element in establishing Kay's lovely environment. It will set the colour palate, the mood and the energy of the decorative scheme. So, Donna's off to the Yorkshire Moors to do a preliminary piece. It's a great challenge for an artist, but it's also a great responsibility. I wake up at night thinking, what if they don't like it? I'm out here doing lots of abstract shapes, organic shapes, you know, pebbles, grass, the non-perfect shapes. Yet, Martin, he's designing a beautiful bespoke piece of architecture that's straight. There's that lovely structure and order and hopefully the piece will almost roll in like a river coming down the landscape, you know. It's playful, organic, it's non-perfect, it's changeable. But sit in that lovely, perfect architectural structure. It's now May and they are five months into their seven-month programme. There's no word yet from the bank about their mortgage and they're down to their last ?30,000. The builders are working all hours, plastering and plasterboarding. Martin and Kay have to move in in a month, when the lease on their bungalow runs out. You know, this project is not your average three-year build. It's not a marathon that requires stamina. Instead, this is a 200-metre sprint to the finishing line, where every tiny mistake costs you. At the moment, there are plasterers, electricians, plumbers, joiners, cabinet-makers, all working around each other. Driving the project at this speed, mistakes are inevitable. It's unfortunate that Kay has discovered the biggest one in her precious kitchen, Mothership HQ. How did we end up with the oven where it is? Erm... It was the height. Because it's too low, so we are going to have to do something about that. Right. So one idea is, I mean... ..how difficult will it be to make this cupboard shorter? Very difficult. It will mean remaking the doors. Well, we are going to have to do that. It's a beautiful unit, it's just a little snag here, which we've got to get right. So who pays for that, Kay? You do. No, I do not. I didn't do the drawing. Who did the drawing? The problem is, we had quite a lot of hand-drawn drawings. Ah. Some beautiful samples and a lot of enthusiasm and I didn't feel, at that point I wanted to go down the, "Martin can you please draw up an AutoCAD drawing," and maybe... Mm-hm. ..I should have done that, so it's just one of these things that, kind of, got lost in translation and we have got to solve it now. You've got to clarify the translation now. It's late May. By now, all the major jobs on the project should have been finished. But where there should be sleek, agricultural cladding, there's nothing. Unfortunately for Martin and Kay, the money's run out and the bank have finally got back to them about the loan they applied for. Just yesterday, they finally said after six months of deliberation, we are not going to be able to lend on this occasion. Sorry, here's your application back. We knew full well that this was not going to be an easy project to borrow on, because of our own personal circumstances. We are self-employed, with a relatively new business. So that, as well as it being a self-build, has magnified to the stage where I feel they've just... They've reached the limit on what they are prepared to go to. What is your Plan B? Do you have one? No, not really, to be honest with you. A bake-off at the school. We've got a few things that we could possibly, I suppose, sell on and what have you - family heirlooms. We are not talking about a lot of money. We are talking about scratching together now ?20,000 or ?30,000. Because that little ?20,000 or ?30,000 is the difference between having all the bathrooms done, having the kitchen done to the spec that I wanted. And the cladding? And the cladding. The cladding's got to be done. As it stands though, they don't have enough to finish the house and that's a hard thing for an architect to tell their client, let alone a husband to tell his wife! I am sad that I'm not able to, at this moment in time, give Kay her finished building. That is... That is difficult for me. At the moment, Kay is in a position where I don't think you've really gone off the building. It's to such an extent where if it's not going to be finished, it's not going to be a home, is it? Well, no, it's just the same old, same old - another building project. Just a shell, with bits of wires hanging out and kids tripping over. But it's not, is it? It's so close to it being something. No, it's a fantasy until it's finished, Martin. It's a fantasy until it's finished. People do this all the time. They go and live in these old fantastic buildings or these new builds, and they live there. "Oh, it's going to be great. "Oh, it's going to be wonderful." You find, 12 years down the line, the children have moved out and it's still just a fantasy, because the floor's not finished, you never got round to doing that counter top because something else cropped up that you had to spend five grand on, or this or that. So you must get it finished? Yes. After the two years of planning and the Herculean effort they've both made in creating their family's home, the thought of moving into a shell must be heartbreaking. The little money they do have, Martin and Kay are spending cleverly, finishing the interior, making it as habitable as they can for when they have to move in in two weeks. This little bathroom is the only corner of the building which has been finished. Kay said to me, she'd rather like to build a building from the inside out, starting with this kind of stuff, then finishing with the insulation and the cladding, because if you do it the conventional way round, there's no money left when you get to the end. Their solution here is not to clad their home, to fit it out and to leave the external skin until the very end, when they can see how much money they really have got left over. And if there is none, well, then this little wall may be the only cladding in this house. When I last saw Martin and Kae, they were ?30,000 short of what they needed to finish their plain-speaking Yorkshire home. So they decided to concentrate on the inside and leave the exterior unfinished. But what on earth's happened? Praise be. It looks finished. It's got cladding. HE LAUGHS Hello. Hiya. It's magnificent. Thank you. Thank you, yeah. It has great presence. It's a piece of fine joinery, this cladding. It's not really just... It's not Yorkshire boarding. It's not just been banged in. There's a lot of work gone into this. The end result is actually a very machined facade and not at all agricultural in that respect, but it's what we wanted. It was what I wanted. It's like you need a barn to be to live in it, to make it a house. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 'Martin's used a sustainable Brazilian hardwood to clad his home. 'It's super-durable and four times stronger than larch. 'Its colour is rich and dark, offset against the brickwork which 'was deliberately chosen to mimic the colour of concrete blockwork. 'All very robust. All very beautiful.' How have you afforded to do the cladding? We've cut back on some spec on certain items. We've been able to borrow a bit more money from our parents. And the two things come together. Just in the middle. Just covered it. There's a feeling that we can now just sit back and enjoy it for a bit. Kae, this is a man who, historically, hasn't finished buildings because you run out of money. Hmm. I've had to cut back on the spec, didn't I? There were certain things like tiles and taps and sinks, but, on the other hand, I enjoy recycling and upcycling and finding bits and bobs and putting it together and I think that gives the house character. 'This handsome building cost, in the end, ?385,000. '15 grand less than their original budget. 'It's all thanks to Kae's economising. 'Not that it shows.' Oh, well, it's pretty darned perfect. The wall, your very expensive brick wall, looks very fine. 'This interior has all the depth of somewhere that's been 'lived in for a decade. 'The mothership has been furnished with handmade recycled glass 'light fittings and a jumble of timber finishes and materials.' It has no self-conscious guile or pretence and I like it. The entire kitchen I like because it sort of looks as though it's sort of come together almost by habit. Stop. What do you mean "stop"? No-one's allowed on this side of the counter but me. Come on. Seriously? Yeah, not even me... This is my mothership. ..till Thursday. This is the centre console? Yeah. It's like the Panopticon prison of the 19th century, from where one prison warder could look out and see what all the inmates are up to. Yeah, about sums it up! 'From here, Kae can keep an eye on the kids as they play in the lounge, 'or hear them above on the bridge. 'This is where design facilitates good parenting.' So what can you do in this kitchen you couldn't previously do? I can stand on one leg and make 27 bacon sandwiches. It's a proper pivot kitchen cos from this spot here I can pretty much pivot on one leg and do everything. I can cook my bacon, butter my 27 pieces of bread times two. Put everything in the dishwasher, wash my hands and come back to this point to serve and then when everybody brings everything back I can just go backwards... The other way. ..and put it all back again. Counter-rotate. And I never have to move. All on one leg. It's got everything I need just around me. Just grab and go. Everything works and this kitchen makes everything done in half the time and easy. The very autobiographical and loose way in which Kae has furnished this place needs the organisation and arithmetical precision of Martin's work. Although, it has to be said that his spaces are VERY generous. 'The ceilings are high and the rooms are gently separated.' Is that? That's Donna's painting. Is that the one? Powerful, isn't it? I think it's lovely, yeah. Does it do what you hoped it would do? Yeah, it captures all the walks I'd love to be doing right now. What I find hilarious is that the room is furnished with beautiful antiques and gorgeous soft furnishings and... very long steel bolts sticking out of the side of the Glulam timber to rip your shin on. I have insisted they're not cut off. NOT cut off?! No, no, no, no, no. I'd insist that they would be. No, at the moment, it's in this room where the real heart of the house is still visible. It's left at its most exposed. Those bolts will remain the length they are right until the moment the first child is hospitalised. The Glulams themselves, of course, are great, because this is a free-standing column. That one forms the end of that book case. The one beyond that is actually part of a wall now but the rhythms are set up in the building, aren't they? Exactly. The strength of the rhythm is here and then there's so much you can do within that. And we've had some fun. I've had some fun with this because you can experiment at each location but with a different kind of junction detail. The rich detailing throughout is as you'd expect from Mr Precision. There are thin shadow gaps running alongside every Glulam beam. Junctions are carefully thought through. It all adds up to an impression of a properly crafted building. But Martin and Kae took some design risks here as well. The building IS very open. This landing, I've never quite understood what it was about. It's not private, is it? Waiting room. A spill-out area. The idea started by just taking what it was, just a circulation area, and expanding it. We've tried to do that with all the areas of the house. This space becomes an extension of the rooms... And tight landings, especially in family life can be very difficult when you're very busy in the mornings, not having enough space to... "You get to your room, you get to the bathroom, you brush your teeth." So it gives enough space to do those little crossovers. Yeah. There is a lot of fun here. It proves that the rational approach to structure need have no bearing on the level of formality and enjoyment in a building. There's a lot of light here too. The rooms are airy and the relationships between inside and out, house and landscape, barn-like structure and decoration are really developed. Even the glamorous bathroom has an internal wall of agricultural cladding. And, just as you'd find on a farm, Martin's plant room also serves as an office. It's a properly made, properly finished, healthy house layered with a degree of charm, and do you know, it only took seven months to build. One thing I can not quite get over is how fast this has been. It's called bacon sandwiches, good old-fashioned Yorkshire mentality and that whip I've got upstairs underneath the bed. Don't bring your private life into this. Living next door, we've been here every day just keeping the momentum up and making very quick decisions. It's easy to say now that we worked collaboratively but it hasn't felt like that. It's been a battle. But it has been a collaboration, that's the point. Out of that battle, you have established a working relationship. Yes, we have. It's been stressful because of a lot of things. I suppose our big thing has been for you just to relax a bit more and for me to probably be a bit more responsible and not as careless. That's helped. I'll ask you first, but is there a bit of the building, a moment that you've discovered, a view of stuff, that you think, "Wow, that blows me away?" I love our bathroom. It's a very nice place for me. And I love the view when you come down the stairs looking out that window. What about you, Martin? Um, I think my favourite room is the plant room. It's got some great equipment in there. Would you like to enumerate things that you love about the plant room? I like the pipework. I like all the electrics. I like the fact that, in the end, the building as a piece of architecture, fascinates you less than the engineering of it all. Here's the architect speaking. There's quite a nice building attached these pipes. I think I could live among the pipes quite happily, myself. And in the attached building. It's a charming and amenable container for living in and a great joint effort. So, agricultural barn meets domestic dwelling. Magical mothership meets metal warehouse. Rational clinical meets soft and soulful and there's Martin and Kae meeting right in the middle to deliver what I think is a staggeringly good home. Of course, there are many ways to work together, many ways to demonstrate that a building can be greater than the sum of its parts. That is doesn't need to be the result of one individual's dogma. And therein lies the brilliance of collaboration. We were going out on a dawn patrol when I stepped on an improvised explosive device. That shouldn't look like the average disabled toilet. Yeah. Exactly. Have you done it before? No. ?170,000 gone. We're building a house. We've now got a child on the way. I'm up early in the morning. I'm out in the fresh air loving life. KEVIN LAUGHS I do like it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 