Grand Designs: Season 13, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Designs 
 s13e8 - East Devon - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Designs (1999–…): Season 13, Episode 8 - East Devon - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is a house built out of cob, which is a mixture of clay, sand, straw and water and that's it. Built by a man who is the king of cob who has kept alive this tradition of building in rural Devon and who is determined to prove that cob has a future as a 21st-century material. He doesn't want to build a cob house, he wants to build a cob citadel. Kevin and Rose McCabe live with their three kids in this cob house in East Devon that they built in 2002. Kevin is Britain's leading living exponent of cob building, wresting houses out of the mud with his bare hands. Certainly I want to revive cob. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There hadn't been a new house built for 70 years when I built our first house out of cob. But cob's been around since prehistoric times and it's used from Afghanistan to Andalucia. In Britain, it's a material most associated with the West Country, where Kevin has now built five new cob houses. It really is the best thing to choose for a dwelling house in particular - you can do amazing things with it. Not content with just preserving the tradition, Kevin now wants to test this historic material to the limit by building the largest cob house ever. At 10,000 square feet, it'll be double the size of the generous family home they live in now. Dad's been an epic cob-building warrior 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and he's just been, project after project, getting more and more ambitious and this is the kind of Utopia of cob awesomeness. Kevin is a really determined man and he's very focused. He's quite demanding. He's keen to try something that's exciting, try something a little bit different, that hasn't been done before. The new house will incorporate some 21st-century technology into its medieval cob skin. Part of the reason for doing this is to show that absolutely it can meet all the latest regs, and be super-environmentally friendly and reasonably economical. So where's it going, the house? The main house is going to be over there. Oh, OK. Across the top of this field, main house going here, joined by a greenhouse to an annexe across there - both buildings will be completely round. The idea is the roof will just be set down below this horizon but kind of flow along in a sort of rolling hills Devon kind of way. Nice, nice. Can I ask you what's wrong with living in that house that you've built? I mean, that's a sizable cob dwelling. I wanted to show that you could bring this very traditional material right to the cutting edge of modern architecture. The fact that we are trying to meet this Code for Sustainable Homes Level 6 - that affects the design quite strongly. Cob houses traditionally... well, they're just leaky, you know? The air-tightness will be challenging but I think it's just a case of sealing very carefully. Heating, it's going to be less than five kilowatts for the whole building. Getting this vast cob house to meet the highest environmental performance targets ever set in the UK is going to be an almighty challenge. The giant new building will be located just 100 metres from their existing house. To separate the two, Kevin will build a huge L-shaped cob barn to house his workshop and plant machinery. The main building will be formed of two handmade cob roundhouses. The larger one will have three floors to house the immediate family. Inspired by the natural geometry of a snail shell, it will be formed by two vast curved cob walls. The lower ground floor, sunken into the hillside, will include a music room and games room. Winding up through the centre of the house, a monumental spiral cob structure will encase the stairs. The main access will be via a bridge into the second level, where the living spaces will be. Most of the bedrooms will be up on the third floor. From the central roof light, an undulating wild flower meadow will radiate outwards. The ground floor of the smaller roundhouse, or annexe, will largely be taken up with a garden store and cider press. The upper two floors will be a self-contained living space to house guests or extended family members as and when they need it. Glazed, but roofed sun spaces will reach off the two roundhouses towards each other. And, in the centre of the link, there'll sit a completely glazed functional greenhouse. To help meet the latest insulation regulations, both roundhouses will be clad with polystyrene and lime-rendered. Finished off with a terrace and balconies, this project will fuse 21st-century technologies into an ancient building material. But it's the sheer size of the place that's mind-boggling. If it wasn't for the green roof, I reckon this would be the first cob house visible from space! So how long is it going to take to do it all then? Hopefully... Hopefully less than two years. Well, yeah, I think it will be a good two years, myself, but it's difficult to be sure. The walling is slow, isn't it? Oh, the cob actually is the easiest part of it. Oh, "It flies up," he says! The cob I could get done in about three months. This seems wildly optimistic. And ambitious, given that Kevin is planning to give up his paid work to build the house. They are going to fund the project by borrowing against their existing home. It's a million-pound build cost, really... And you can do it for? I hope to do it for £350,000, actual outlay, not including my labour. Not including your labour - that is substantially less, though. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Come spring, Kevin launches into the first stage of this gigantic project, digging out the footprint of both vast roundhouses. It does look pretty massive, doesn't it? I mean it's, if it looks big at this stage, it's going to be really big. At least Kevin can dig all the sand and clay he needs to make cob from right under his feet. We don't have to move any soil from site, anything that I dig out which is suitable goes in the cob heap. Two weeks of intensive excavation later, concrete foundations are poured. It may be necessary, but it's not the most environmentally friendly way to kick off your eco-build. It does make me feel slightly guilty, but...I'm not really opposed to using concrete in the right places...it just needs to be used intelligently. To keep the cob walls dry and up out of the mud, Kevin sets block-work on top of the foundations. 'Now that it's laid out on the ground, I am blown away by the sheer 'scale of this undertaking.' Looks like they're building a bloody by-pass, look at it! Look, here's the steel work and concrete gone in for the flyover. And there's a Roman amphitheatre being revealed. It IS vast, isn't it? How are you? Very well, nice to see you. So much happened! Lots and lots and lots and lots of foundations. About a quarter of a mile, which IS a bit scary. You've got a quarter of a mile of cob wall to build on top of those foundations? Yeah, quarter of a mile... And high? ..and 20-foot high, most of it. I know. That's a huge volume of material, and an awful lot of work, too, isn't it? Yeah, yeah. That's the scary thing. I mean, I suppose it's nearly as much as I've done up to date and I've been doing it nearly 20 years. What?! So, sorry, this building and the cob within it represents the total physical volume of every building you've ever built, in one place? More or less, yeah. Bit more concentrated. That sounds like a recipe for, for insanity! It is. I reckon it's going to be the largest cob building on the planet. HE LAUGHS 'Even Rose, who absolutely believes in Kevin's abilities 'when it comes to cob, has her doubts.' So has Kevin bitten off more cob than he can chew, do you think? This will be amazing - if he can actually manage to finish the job, it'll be really good. What do you mean "if"?! When! Well... Is he heroic or is he obsessive? He's a workaholic! He's like, just focused. And he gets quite irritated if he feels he's wasting time. I've noticed... So everybody on site has to work hard... Yeah. ..and obviously some people can't work as hard as he does. On site, as well as the paid hands, Kevin drafts his son Ben when he's not at university. Ben's excellent at most of these things, he just doesn't seem to be fully committed to spending his whole life doing it. Yet. I'd rather be running around chasing girls and playing music. No-one is really as driven as he is, he's pretty insane. By far the best time to build with cob is between April and September, when the cob layers can dry out and harden in the longer, warmer days. But it's June by the time the groundwork's done and Kevin can mix his first batch of cob. Already, he and his boys are racing against time to get the walls built before autumn hits. Dad's like, he went to bed at 10pm and got up at half-four in the morning. On Monday we did like a 14-hour day. People say he wasn't born, he was, like, chiselled out of the earth. HE LAUGHS Ben adds straw to bind together the clay and sand. In the old days people used their cattle to tread the mixture together. Using a digger, Kevin can make bigger batches of cob mix, much faster. It's like a new, totally, new way of building on this scale that has never been done before. When it's ready, Kevin gently drops the first scoop of what will be 2,000 tonnes of cob onto the block-work and the project enters its next, and most epic, stage. There is no short cut with this ancient and mind-bogglingly repetitive process. First, you tread the cob to squash out air pockets. Trim off what's oozed out over the edges. Beat it to a smooth finish. Wait a week or two for it to dry. Then start all over again with the next layer up. Only another 1,990 tonnes to go now(!) Cob is nothing if not labour-intensive. Luckily, with his growing following in the international eco-build, community, people will actually pay Kevin to come and work on his site. So it's almost a win-win situation. The more the merrier, really. Frankly, Kevin will need all the help he can get, because he's started late in the year and now only has three months of good cobbing weather left. 'He's got to cob to a height of 20 feet before he can get the roof on 'and protect his precious walls from the worst of the winter.' Kevin, that mix you did this morning that would yield how much? That's about 15 tonnes. A good day, we'd get two of them done. On the basis of being able to do 30 tonnes a day, that takes you to mid-October, is that all right? That's dodgy, actually. Yeah, damn, I wish I'd thought of that before! HE LAUGHS You are, with this material, very weather-dependant. The main thing is, during the winter months it won't dry, because the days aren't long enough, you know? Yeah. By late August, however, the sheer scale of the task is becoming clear. With only six feet of basement walls built, Kevin is forced to take drastic action. He's realised he won't get the roof on before winter. So he's decided to stop all work on the house for the rest of the year. Been nice if I'd have got a bit more done. We're not going to put the lintels in at this stage because leaving them over winter, water would track along them and into the cob - it would just increase the amount of water on the cob. Instead, he decides to focus on the simpler L-shaped barn. It's remarkable load-bearing, pure cob pillars are ready to hold up the roof. It is kind of amazing that you can take this kind of load on a column of cob. We are using the same idea in the house and so there is a nice kind of dialogue between the two buildings. After a Herculean effort, just three months later Kevin is slating the barn roof around a bank of solar panels. But the main roundhouses are still stuck where Kevin left them. It'll now be spring before he can start cobbing again. After a five month hiatus, Kevin McCabe is resuming his epic mission to build his 10,000 square foot giant cob castle. With the onset of dry spring weather, he's putting the timber joists on top of the basement. There are, however, two more floors of cob still to go up. We've got about 700 or 800 tonnes to do, you know, this summer. Which is a lot! He needs fine weather to dry out the cob layers quickly if he's to get the roof on by winter. The one thing he fears most... is rain. THUNDERCLAP Unfortunately, summer is turning into the wettest on record for 100 years. The rain's just come wave after wave. It's been absolutely ridiculous, record-breaking. It's impossible to build cob when it's absolutely hammering it down. It's just relentless, and that's been very hard for him to get up, come out here, pouring rain - get on with the work, as much as he can. Every day he comes home completely saturated and, you know, covered in mud. So I feel really sorry for him. It hasn't been dry enough for the ground to dry out enough to be able to move the machines around, and the walls to dry out enough to be able to take another lift. Obviously, now we've got the floor in, it is imperative to get the roof on, otherwise it's just going to be very difficult to protect the building over the winter. To escape the relentless wall-building, Kevin's son Ben is turning his hand to some more refined cob-work. Dad said he's going to charge me for the time because it looks so therapeutic and enjoyable that he should charge me to do it. It's great to have a material that you can put a bit of your own character into the building. Kevin and his family have now been obsessively cobbing for two summers. September normally marks the end of the cob-laying season but with the delays caused by the rain, they're still at it. It is really quite desperate at the moment. They're now well into the third floor, but cobbing this late in the year has its risks. They are being forced to push cob to the very limit of its capacity. The walls that we're actually building on, just aren't dry. If you put too much weight on them they can just start falling over. We've had several instances where walls have started to distort. Making the whole thing move just because it's not drying out quick enough. Cob doesn't have any structural integrity until it's dry. And as the nights draw in, the risks of collapse only increase. Cos the days are so short, you get so little drying. The rain becomes much more significant because it doesn't dry out in between whiles, you know. I would normally not be wanting to do cob at this time of year. Kevin's got no choice but to press on late into the year, and get the roof on, if he can. 'But at least this monumental structure is at last emerging out of the very mud that it's made from.' How are you? Good! Good to see you! From certain viewpoints it's completely epic, this. It's pretty huge. And taking into account this barn... Which is beautiful, I have to say. Yeah, I'm very pleased with how that's turned out. And there's still plenty of mud here. You have chosen the very best year to build this. Yeah, perfect. It's incredible, isn't it? More rain on record than any since 4000 BC! And how are your spirits? Good at the moment. They're not always, as... you know. It has been a struggle. Some days you just can't believe it. As I was trying to explain to my sons, that's what makes it valuable - if it was easy it wouldn't be worth anything, would it? Good point. Obviously, we've invested a hell of a lot to date. If I don't keep that momentum, and that ball rolling, this could all be a disaster. Still, you know. Well, it could all just melt. Yeah. And you're now, I'm guessing, arriving at the end of the cob work, aren't you? Very close. When we get the roof on, I'll draw a huge sigh of relief. The mud here is biblical. Everything here is biblical, isn't it? The scale, the weather that they've suffered here in the past year. Even... Even Kevin's biceps are biblical in scale. But it doesn't matter how physically strong you are, these conditions are really exhausting. So where does Kevin find the strength to pursue this project? I think it actually lies in the mud. Because the difference between what lies at my feet and that wall - which is the same stuff - the difference in value between that which is worth nothing, and that which is worth hundreds of thousands of pounds, lies in the human energy and stamina and commitment and passion that's inside his head. You know? That's what makes the difference! As they finally top off the cob work, the next mind-boggling challenge looms. Kevin wants the contours of the roof structure to mirror the rolling countryside beyond. As the project's structural engineer, it's Barry Honeysett's job to work out how. These are big bits of wood! This is the only one you've got in so far? Yeah, yeah. So, Barry, this roof is complex, isn't it? To say the least, really. Indeed so, yes. All the way round it keeps changing span, direction, curve, shape... Height. So every little bit needs to be looked at and made sure it works. The supporting structure of the roof will be made up of 12 9 metre glulam beams. So they're all then concave as you go around the roof? No, they're not! That's the only one that's concave, actually. Why? What?! Well, that creates our wavy sort of landscape. So either side of this they're straight, and then after that they're bowed up. You can't build a house out of this material, can you? And it cannot be that precise, it can't be to the inch? No, what Kevin's doing here is building a giant sculpture, out of cob. Does it cause you headaches? Well, you do find an occasional door being added that wasn't on the plans originally! So then I have to go and check the bit of wall that is left between them to make sure that can support the load from above - which is does, by the way! 'I think I might go a bit mad 'if I were Kevin's structural engineer! 'He's making this building up as he goes along, 'rather than sticking to the architect's plans.' It's interesting comparing these drawings with the building that Kevin is putting up. If you look at the dotted line around the annex here it's absolutely equidistant from the centre. It has sort of mathematical precision about it, whereas in real life, he's extending it here and there, making it look and feel more organic. And that approach - that kind of free-style, slight departure is a mark of this project and what gives it its energy. So, for example although that building there is, you know, technically, absolutely circular, the spirit of what he's doing is more "wey-hey-hey"... like that. And the roof, meanwhile, is gonna go... like that. It's the difference between architecture as this geometrical exercise and land art or sculpture. It's the difference between pencil and the felt-tip pen. I just want to swing it round. After two years of cob-laying, Kevin is finally bringing out the other eleven roof-beams from his barn. To get the roof on, it'll mean the house will stay dry through the winter. That's the most important thing really. Got a 50-tonne crane coming in to help us get these up. It's a critical day for Kevin. The crane is expensive. The huge undulating roof is 22 metres across, and each giant beam is different. We've had to bird's-mouth each beam in the right place, There's different design paths for different loads in different places. I marked them all individually but you never quite know - you can make a mistake. Since he's desperate to get the structure on before Christmas, Kevin hasn't had the luxury of time to prepare. We were in a bit of a hurry yesterday, getting them all finished, working in the dark under lights. Each beam weighs a third of a tonne. They've already man-handled one into place, but Kevin's decided to spend the money on a crane to lift the rest. Much easier! That way a little bit. While Kevin is on the outer wall, his brother Barney is in the centre of the building, where the beams need to accurately come together. I've made up a central ring as a pattern for these all to meet. The first beam slots into position, its curved end nudged against Kevin's guide-frame and its bird's-mouth sitting neatly on its pad. But the next one is not so simple. You need to go to your right, Barney. What's it touching here? It wants to go that way. BLEEP hell! Hasn't got a big enough bird's-mouth. Kevin solves the problem with a combination of brute force and determination. I'm just going to sit here so it doesn't move. Don't work too hard, Barney, will you? That's the main thing. I'm stabilising it, Kevin. BLEEP I need a pencil. Has anyone got one? He was very good at woodwork at school. Right? Bang on. Horrible, that! I don't want to have to pay for another day for the crane. So I don't wanna be doing that for every one! As Kevin wrangles the rest of the glulams into place he can slowly begin to see his undulating vision emerge. You see that subtle curve in the field beyond? It's just harmonised with the environment. Even Kevin's brother Barney is getting excited. It's been cob, cob, cob, cob, cob, cob, cob, cob...cob... and now we're putting a lid on it, and that feels very, very good. It's a great moment in this building. By an unbelievable force of will Kevin has dragged this building to a turning point. God, what a day. You all right? Good. How are you? Cup of tea? Pretty full use of the crane, I think. Kevin may have got away with just one day of crane hire, but the big picture is that the combination of such a massive cob building and the unfeasible amounts of rain is beginning to take its toll on their bank balance. I mean, I've never really budgeted - I just borrowed as much money as I could, which left about ?350,000 for the actual build. It's all borrowed money. It's all going round in circles. We're living on it, but, you know, spending it building the house, and keeping the kids afloat. I'd guess we've got about 100 left. Which isn't going to get us to the end. Kevin and Rose McCabe had hoped to have finished their epic mud construction by now. Instead, only the basic structure is complete. But at least the dramatic timber roof frame is on. Come up, you'll love it. Oh, up to the capstone, look at that! It's like being in the middle of a jet engine with all the radiating fins, isn't it? You look out and see them all beautifully spaced, these extending purlins and then down suddenly in this chute into this...proper valley. Oh, yeah, it's beautiful. The whole thing will just flow and look natural and hopefully have lots of nice flowers on it. Despite the fact their 350,000 budget is running out, Kevin remains defiant that his vast cob citadel will meet the Code for Sustainable Homes Level 6 - the highest UK standard, never before achieved with this material. The entire building must be airtight and super-insulated, starting with the roof. So, on top of this timber structure we've got insulation going in between rafters and on top. We've then got, what, a membrane? Does the roof membrane go after that? Yeah, the membrane sits on top. It's the greenest membrane I could find, you know, so we get an A+ on our code for sustainable homes rating. Like a single-ply...? It's basically a type of plastic. A few months later, the roofs are insulated with polystyrene and covered with their plastic membrane. Soil and seed for a wild flower meadow complete the thermal insulation. I can see little green shoots from the seed. I'm really looking forward to seeing that come on, actually. And Kevin installs a glass roof between the main house and the smaller annexe. I'm really happy with how this has linked the two buildings. Well, essentially it makes it one building, doesn't it? By summer, the VERY experimental phase of the project can at last begin. Kevin is attempting to get his primordial building material to meet 21st-century building regs. Although the external walls are really thick - I mean, they are about nearly a metre of cob, that isn't well enough insulated. All new houses have to meet this Code for Sustainable Homes Level 6 by 2016. For me, I've got to show that cob can do it, if there's a future for cob, you know, not just for me but for anyone. To get his building to meet Code 6 heat loss standards, Kevin's trying out his solution on a section of the annexe. He plans to cover the entire exterior of both roundhouses in three layers of polystyrene before lime-rendering over the top. It all seems slightly counter-intuitive to me. Why not simply build thicker cob walls? I mean, to get the same level of insulation, they would need to be about five-metres thick. OK, fair enough, that's answered that question. But plenty of sheets of this material to get through. Yeah, it's a lot. There's a whole yard-full over there. Well, that's enough for this building. The house will be about three times that. Once the building is airtight and super-insulated, it will need ventilation. Four pipes - you think we'll get four there? For the system to work, a blue spaghetti of ducting has to be threaded through the entire building. Each tube will lead to a heat-recovery box in the plant room. This is the heat exchanger over here. So stale air from the bathrooms and kitchen will come through here and then get blown outside the building, and then the cool, fresh air comes in here. The key is the separation of the air layers, creating lots of surface area, and it transfers the vast majority of the heat from one airflow into the other. 'Unfortunately, technology, 'unlike cob, can't just be dug out of the ground - it costs money.' Essentially, Kevin and Rose have now spent all of the ?350,000 they'd originally borrowed to finish the entire project. We've basically run out of money. Right at the beginning I was hopeful that we would get it all done in two years for the money we had, and the money has gone out at about the rate I was expecting, but the house hasn't quite got completed at the rate I was hoping. We're pretty much on hold. I mean, I will still tick over doing bits outside of my normal week, but I'm having to basically work a full-time week earning money elsewhere. With Kevin now only able to work part-time on the project, the only way the McCabes can finish their house is to sell their existing five-bedroomed cob house. Hi, this is Emily, I'm Christina. Shall we follow you up? They're asking for ?1.1 million. Here's a room for your husband to study when he comes. It's got a heat-exchanger in the top. By mid-August, they've had an offer, so with nowhere to move into apart from a caravan on-site, Kevin and Rose focus their efforts on getting the small roundhouse habitable as soon as possible. I think both corners and over here. You bugger. For the position of the power points, Kevin defers to Rose. My pet hate is looking at electrical sockets - they're just so ugly. It's like in our own house now, I wasn't around when somebody chose where to put the sockets, so that occasionally irritates me still, 12 years later. I've got me own ideas of what I want. The problem is when hers differ, which is quite common. The telly's not going to end up next to the wood burner. Well, I think it is. We find a middle ground. SHE LAUGHS More towards my middle than Kevin's. Low, behind a piece of furniture... And then you can't get to the socket to plug something in. Well, once it's plugged in, it's plugged in. Low. Right. Are you comfortable? Yes. Next in their push to finish the annexe come the triple-glazed windows. The whole building will eventually need 52 in total, but they only had enough money to order the ones for the smaller roundhouse. We have got the mobile home if we're really desperate but hopefully we'll have time to get the annexe up and running. But a week later, their rush to get the annexe ready suddenly seems irrelevant. I just took a phone call from the estate agents and the people that were interested that made an offer have withdrawn. Fantastic(!) There'd have been a good chance we might have been in at least the annexe side by late September. The thing is, it's not just getting a buyer, it's our neighbours for the next ten, however-long years. They were very nice people, they just decided it wasn't the right property. This is a grim set back. Kevin and Rose won't be moving into their spectacular new cob home any time soon. They say, don't they, that it is better to journey than to arrive, which when it comes to building houses is rubbish. Because what you really want to do is to build the thing, move in, and get on with your lives. Having said that, Kevin is addicted to building. He will obsessively lavish attention on every inch by hand-crafted inch of this building. And do you know what? Maybe he just doesn't want it to stop. Kevin McCabe has been making his mark on the Devonian landscape for two decades, building a series of quite unique crafted homes. In doing so, he's kept alive the tradition of building in cob. That house just there, I think, is perhaps the finest that Kevin ever built and it's the one that he and Rose have lived in for the past few years. And if you take all of the cob in the walls of that building and add it together to all of the cob that Kevin's ever handled, you get an idea of the size, the scale, the almost impossible challenge that Kevin set himself in trying to build...this. His castle of cob. It's taken two-and-a-half years to get this far, but even unfinished, this gargantuan project is gobsmacking in its audacity. It combines the undulations of Teletubby land, with the assertiveness of an eco-fortress. Good morning. Morning. Morning. An ironed shirt. I like to make an effort. Hello, Rose. This is magnificent, though. It's fantastic. Yeah, it is beautiful. It is beautiful, it really is. 'And it's not just a house, is it?' It's also a greenhouse and an annexe for family and visitors to stay in. And it's a workplace, a yard and barn, built with sturdy cob pillars and that magnificent roof. You get a sense coming in of this... What would you call it? A farmstead, really. Yeah. A sort of...nice, protected enclosure. Are you pleased with the character and the nature of the building? Really pleased! Am I describing it in too workmanlike, agricultural terms? No, I like it to be a working building. Yeah. Yeah. No, it has a purpose, rather than just an image of a house being plonked in the countryside. Let's have a look round the back, yeah? Yeah, have a look round the back. Very different. Now some of the scaff's down, you can see these timbers. They're going to be a really powerful part of the building, aren't they? Yeah. What colour's it going to be, then, Rose, when it's lime-washed? Something like clotted cream. The thing is, as you come down around the building it gets bigger, it goes from one to two to three storeys and that makes for an awful lot of clotted-cream paint, doesn't it? The perspective is very different, but we're going to have a lot of glass here and a couple of...balconies. Balconies sort of projecting out of that opening? Yeah. I'm struggling to describe this shape. It's a little bit like looking at a government building in rural India. No! Yeah? Or maybe even an Italian hilltop fort undergoing restoration. That would be nicer. How about that? That would be nicer. OK, you prefer that, yeah. It's big anyway. It's big. 'It's SO big I feel like an ant 'standing next to a curly-wurly, towering termite mound.' So music room, yeah? Yeah, music room. Once inside, the monumental scale of the rooms and the hefty weight of the cob walls give an extraordinary sense of solidity. You can feel the weight of the hundreds of tonnes of earth above you. This is the bit you helped with and that's about... What, this is the bit I built? Yeah. Absolutely rock solid. It's not too shonky, is it? HE LAUGHS We had to correct it a bit up here. All this'll get corrected with the plaster. And here, this is the stairwell, yeah? Yeah. Oh, good Lord! Yeah, it's an amazing space. That is staggering! It's a fantastic space. Isn't it just brilliant? A helical staircase will spiral up through this space, but always allowing light to pour down through its centre. This is cob architecture at its most awe-inspiring. It shows what's possible. I do love the fact that you can see all the timbers holding the building up. It's great to be able to read a building like that, like a cathedral or a Roman temple, you know. Yeah. You've got quite a complicated looking arrangement there. It'll look much simpler when it's all plastered. I don't think it needs to. What do you think? No, I just love it. I love the space. It's the centre of the house, so it reflects the shape of the total building. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. We use the ladder, yeah? We do. Yeah. Of course, every generous room in this place will be plastered and painted, but for the moment the red earth holds the concrete lintels and the timbers in its shaggy, muddy grip. Joists and boards will also disappear behind plastered ceilings, leaving just the radiating big beams visible. But I'm excited to be able to see the structure of this place left open, like some primitive Moroccan citadel. Look at this! Yeah, it's great, isn't it? 'Above, the spectacular and slightly bonkers 'undulating wildflower meadow roof 'is actually the only part of the building 'that's completely finished.' Look at that roof. The Starship Enterprise. Even in early autumn, the roof is still alive with colourful wild flowers. There are some wall flowers and some blue...cornflowers, are they? Yeah, cornflowers. Really, really pretty. And some mushrooms! Yeah, there is some little... Pretty appropriate for a mushroom-shaped roof. There's a strange optical illusion up here, which is of being on a piece of floating meadow, the building has disappeared completely. This link... I do like the way that swoops. Yeah, I mean, I tried to, you know, work it out mathematically to get a kind of even radius between the two, but because you've got that going on as well as that, I had to sort of imagine how each bit went in a gradual way. Yeah. Who needs maths when you've got imagination? This project is a triumph of Kevin and Rose's imagination. More than just a building, it's a sculpture of quite wonderful complexity and fluidity. And while progress in making the annexe habitable has slowed to a crawl, because Kevin and Rose still haven't found a buyer for their old house, their building is already a monument to their determination and stamina. Does that upset you that after two-and-a-half years the rest of the building isn't as finished as this? I've been disappointed I haven't got a bit further with the money that we had, I was optimistic we might get further, you know? But... At every point in the past two years when I've visited, Kevin has been constructing for hour upon hour every day. And it's how you almost define your existence, isn't it? Do you feel kind of addicted to that? Yeah, there's a little bit of that. There is a little bit of that. And I wouldn't want my whole life to be as all-consumed as it has been the last couple of years. Can you sustain that indefinitely? Obviously not, you know, I'm going to die at some point. HE LAUGHS But, no, I think while you're being rewarded, you can sustain it a long time. So the actual process rewards you as you are doing it? Yes. That's the lovely thing with building, you're creating stuff. Life's short and I... Yes, I want to get a lot achieved. Human beings that work and operate at this level of intensity inevitably require a bit of support and backup. He needs a lot of feeding! ALL LAUGH And is that it?! Yeah, I know, I need a lot of backup. He needs a lot of backup. I get a lot of backup. Yeah. Could you ever consider now living in a conventional house? No, I'd still want to be adventurous. It's just enabled us to be very imaginative with the space we live in, and we like that. Every time you come home, it's got to bring a smile to your face, hasn't it? You know, living somewhere like this. It's fabulous and I just love it. Me too! And I am humbled by the superhuman, or rather, human effort it's taken to tread it together, clod by muddy clod. You know, every single building material we handle has come out of the ground. It's been dug and processed and refined and then packaged into nice tidy shapes for us to handle. Except here, of course, Kevin had to dig and process and refine every single bucketful of his material. The result is, of course, that the integrity of the building, the design, partly resides in the integrity of the material. But this place crowns the landscape so well because it is OF this landscape. One day it will be finished. One day Kevin will build his kingdom of cob, or as his son Ben puts it, his "utopia of cob awesomeness". THEY PLAY THE GRAND DESIGNS THEME 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 