Grand Designs: Season 13, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Designs 
 s13e7 - South London - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Designs (1999–…): Season 13, Episode 7 - South London - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Britain is full of relatively mediocre, somewhat unloved buildings put up in the last century. Most people would like to tear them down. What if, instead of tearing them down, instead of being snobbish and prejudiced against them, we could instead be imaginative with them? What if we could reinvent them? Ben and Rachel Hammond have been scouring South London for that special plot of land for them and their children Sylva and Lola. We've been looking for about a year. For something that was a little different. Something that we could do something to, where we could make our mark. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 They both have busy lives. Ben runs a media business and Rachel is a marketing consultant but they've taken on a new shared challenge. We were looking for a project. Then this popped up, didn't it? I thought, "Oh, wow. What an amazing location!" The plot they've bought is idyllic for London. Surrounded by a beautiful park just five miles from the centre of the city. But there is one drawback. The ugly, inefficient, red-brick house that stands on it. The house is horrible. There's no redeeming features about it at all. Rachel called me at work and said, "Check this place out. "Shall we just knock it down and start again?" What they've opted for is a more challenging route - 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 total transformation. Retro-fitting and rebuilding this mediocre mid-century house into a proper modern home. We're taking that house-that-Jack-built pitch roof away and we are extending to the front and back on the ground floor level and completely remodel it. MACHINES HAMMER The sound of hammering, of jack hammering. That means there are builders at work. Good grief, yeah. LOUD HAMMERING Hello. Hello. This is rather wonderful. I know. Beautiful place cos you're right next to the park here. We're in it! You're in the park? Yeah. We're next to the church. Was this the vicarage? It was indeed. The church came and cut out this area of the park in the mid-1800s, stuck a really nice, probably, Victoriana vicarage there-ish and, in the '50s, this popped up. What's the plan? Are you going to keep some of this building? Yeah? Yes. Well, just three-and-a-half walls. Wow. And then what? And remodel it, extend and hide it? The design that we came up with with our architect is a double extension that wraps around the existing building. We're going to give it a body lift. THEY LAUGH We're going to give it a whole new identity. We had been looking for something unusual. We were in central London and most of the housing stock are either Victorian terraces with little postage stamps, and we wanted something different. So we've been looking for plots of land, we've been looking for probates where we could come in and shake it all up and do our own thing. 'It's going to require some imagination to transform 'this place from lumpy brick vicarage into stand out home. 'Although it won't be that stand out, because the first 'act of its reinvention will be to remove 'the clunky pitched orange roof. 'That should make it look more European and progressive. 'The house will nearly double in size 'and will look like three interpenetrating blocks. 'First off, the front will be extended 'and swallow up the garage to make a self-contained ground floor flat, 'and above it, a cantilevered first-floor, all clad in wood. 'Secondly, they'll recycle the building and keep the existing brick block, super-insulate it 'and then re-skin it with a cladding of new, blue-grey brick tiles. 'And then, on the park side, they'll add the third block - 'an elegant glass walled rectangular prism with minimalist detailing. 'In the spirit of the times, the small ground floor rooms get 'knocked through to form nearly an entirely open plan space, 'unified with one polished concrete floor that, like the glass, 'will stretch the length of the building. 'Upstairs, there's bedrooms for the two girls, a study, 'and a multipurpose living space. 'Plus, bathrooms in the cantilevered extension and master bedroom. 'The great challenge here will be to transform a bog-standard house 'into an energy-efficient home with architectural status, 'while also pleasing the planners. 'The vicarage will undergo a change of identity as Ben and Rachel sweep 'through the building, dictating what will stay and what will go.' So, does the staircase stay exactly as is, then? Yeah. The treads all stay. And the handrail? Beautiful oak handrail. I know. There's a plan for this to be glass. You're out of your mind to throw this away. SHE LAUGHS And then... Oh. So I see the point of all this now, yeah. Wow, isn't that just utterly delightful? Fantastic, isn't it? It is fantastic. We're going to make a little vista through those trees as well. You're going to take down some of those saplings? Yeah. And the sycamore, which basically is a weed. Well, a weed is anything in the wrong place. It's great to think that you'll have a bit more of a view out that way, which looks teasingly beautiful. I can see what you bought this place now. Worth the money, eh? Yeah, definitely. Worth the money. Just about. £800,000. Yeah. Money well spent. Mmm. And how much will it cost to do the works, do you think? Do you know? Well, the two years that we've spent planning it, you know... Our architects have put a lot of time into building the schedules, so there's some very clear instructions... Just answer the question. THEY LAUGH 400, I reckon. So where does the money come from to pay for all of this? We've got a great big fat mortgage. Yeah? Yeah. 'That's a total cost of £1.2 million. 'They put the job out to tender 'and their chosen contractor is already busy on site.' Have you done this before? Yes. Yeah. But not with main contractors in this way. But we have done housing projects before. Whenever we've worked on houses, we've done it ourselves and felt very much more in control. That's a bit nerve-racking. Is it a fixed-price? Yeah. Yeah. 'That's a clever move. 'If there are any unexpected costs, 'it'll be down to the contractor to pay for them. 'Having sold their home to finance the project, 'Ben and Rachel are currently renting nearby. 'They want to be living here in just eight months, so they've handed the 'site over to their contractor while they continue to work full-time.' Are these walls really coming out? These ones? I thought they were staying in. Are they not? Ben is the chief exec of a growing media business. If you start going any smaller than that... I mean, you're in O2 Arena. OK. And Rachel works as a marketing consultant from home. 'We have elected to both just focus on working to pay for it. 'It's a shame, in a way, because a bit of a life's dream, 'building your own house.' Right now, Ben and Rachel's house has little or no architectural merit, but it does have a rather illustrious neighbour. Just down the road is Brockwell Park Lido, a sleek, modernist, flat-roofed building that's been an inspiration. Opened in the 1930s, this Olympic-sized open air pool is now a Grade II listed building. It's a much-loved local landmark and proof that simple, streamlined buildings can work, with a little imagination. 'Before taking the plunge and buying the house in the park, 'Ben and Rachel consulted their architect friend Zac Monro, 'who saw only potential in their boxy brick property.' Just phoned them up and said, "You have to buy this house." Seriously? You just went and thought, "Yeah ..." There's no question those buildings lend themselves beautifully to being renovated. And that's the best kind of recycling, isn't it? They're devoid of Victorian higgledy-piggledy walls, funny detailing. The classic Victorian detailing where you hide every junction. They don't have that. Their volumes, they have a bit of a modernist influence in the volumes. So they don't assume you have butlers and outdoor loos and stuff, they have a basic square. So are we saying that there are tens of thousands, perhaps even hundreds of thousands of 1930s and '40s buildings all over Britain which are modernist buildings masquerading as 1930s and '40s semis? We are saying exactly that. Even things like these blocks, which I think have some beauty. Even things like this could be made very desirable. That's why I'm quite attracted to houses like these, because there's nothing incredibly wrong with them and you just need to strip them back a bit to see what they can be. And you're just now getting clients like Ben and Rachel who get it. This beautiful lido is just a stone's throw away from Ben and Rachel's house. It was built at the same time, even out of the same brick. However, that's where the similarities end, because this place has all that conviction and passion of 1930s British Art Deco, whereas their place is a bit of a lump, really. It never had that conviction. But what they're doing is interesting, because they're taking the roof off, they're making it lower, sleeker and flatter and giving it that beautiful, long, sleek elegance. They're giving their home the make over, the face-lift, that it deserved from the very day it was built. 'Ben and Rachel Hammond are remodelling, recladding 'and retrofitting their glum old house to make an ambitious 'and sleek piece of architecture. 'They've gutted the old building and laid concrete foundations for 'the extensions, front and back. 'Although the planners are yet to sign off some of the materials, 'today, a very important one is arriving.' Once the steels go in today, then, suddenly, we've got some structure to start building everything around, really. This is the front extension on the ground floor which, basically, is going to be the bedroom for the granny annexe. And where you're standing here is going...is the porch. In effect, it's the entrance.... Because then it's cantilevered over the top. It's extended all the way across the top there and extended down here and this corner is cantilevered, so that's going to be really cool. Ooh! It's grown, hasn't it? It's certainly growing. Quite a lot of steel, by the look of it. My goodness me, that's a big lump of metal. My goodness me. That's a ship-builder's-sized joist, that one. Ooh, this shows promise, doesn't it? It's the tantalising thing about a frame. It's definitely moving forwards. Yeah. 'There's now not much left of the old vicarage.' You're being very sensible about what you keep, very sensible about what you add. You kept the balustrade I like. The jury is still out. It's the one piece of conservation in the building. If you had your way! 'Look, this is not a conservation project. 'What Zack's designed is a modernised mini villa, 'held in a minimal steel frame. 'A glass prism will stretch across the building.' So this is lovely. Very thin, very fine, and the idea behind using this very thin steel to support your roof here is... you don't see it. You don't see it. You won't see it. And these are clad in a millimetre of stainless steel plate... Ooh. ..to reflect... Like the Mies van der Rohe Barcelona Pavilion. That's the idea. It will reflect everything and therefore disappear. It will be beautiful. Some of the most beautiful architecture in the world looks like it's defying gravity. The idea of it soaring and floating, which is what your roof will do. Except... What? ..building control have come along and said that it can't be this beautifully slim and that we have to... stuff stuff around it. We've been asked to put a 9mm board on either side before we clad it... Like a fire resistant board? Fire protection, yeah. It's going to be twice as thick. It goes from lovely to ugly. Oh, man! Yeah. 'Mies van der Rohe, architect of the Barcelona Pavilion, 'wasn't restricted by modern fire regs. 'For a start, he built it in the 1920s, 'and it doesn't have many walls. 'Polished, luxurious plains of stone and glass 'are supported on slender, mirror-finished columns. 'Borrowing ideas like this, 'Zack is hoping to revitalise the old vicarage. 'So, can Ben and Rachel create a breathtaking garden pavilion 'from their little brown lump in South London? 'The design has to withstand scrutiny 'and not just from building control. 'The Planning Department visit site tomorrow to decide whether they can 'go ahead with their palette of building materials.' Presumably, this is satisfying a condition of planning, that they wanted to sign off on a panel of samples on site. Exactly. So, this is the cladding, edge on. The timber is what? That is iroko. This is interesting. This is a brick which looks like a hung tile. It's a tile brick. It's a brick where the mortar joint is invisible. Exactly. It's hidden behind this lip. Why we chose this was because we couldn't find anything else... Let's clean that. Hang on. Let's just... ..that was exactly that colour. Also, we want a really nice, clean detail. And that, now...that's much closer to the roof of the church next door. That dark, dark Welsh slate. Look at that - the light hitting the spire. It's beautiful, isn't it? 'Ben and Rachel have a difficult balance to strike here. 'Getting their design to fit a local palette of materials 'while all the time trying to find colours and textures 'that will reinforce a new identity for their home.' What are you most concerned they might um-and-ah about? In terms of the construction process, it would be a nightmare if they didn't like these. They've been ordered. KEVIN LAUGHS And we've built the footings. That's what it boils down to. You've ordered the bloody things. 'Ordering 6,000 tiled bricks 'costing ?15,000 without planning approval might be foolhardy 'but Ben and Rachel are dead set on them. 'In fact, they're already being made in a factory in the Black Country. 'They're called Staffordshire blue bricks, and get their colour 'and finish through a process known as reduction firing, 'where a lack of oxygen in the kiln, heated to over 1,000 degrees, 'causes a chemical reaction, turning the clay a greyish-blue. 'Two weeks after the site visit, Ben and Rachel get their decision. 'The planners have said no to the beautiful tile bricks 'and want them to find something more conservative instead.' We're not giving up because it's such an integral part of the design and part of what takes it from a... kind of, boring, insignificant, '60s design to being very contemporary. I'm absolutely determined that we fight through and fight our corner on this one because we've spent months, hours, looking at alternatives - way back in the design phase, and, you know, the planners come along and spend...two hours, and to say they don't really like it. Persistence beats resistance and I'm telling you, I want those bricks. 'Rachel believes their brave reinvention of this building 'into three blocks of brick, wood and glass is sympathetic 'to the location, and so does their architect.' Each block that is indicated on this building has a function. So the glass one's function is to almost not exist. It's the connection with the park. The wooden one is lightweight, vertical slats that are supposed to be quite natural, in a way. It's supposed to mimic vertical trees. And the brick block, which is the main existing body, is supposed to be solid, grounded and reflect the urban nature. It sounds a bit pretentious but, you do read it, and the point is, when you look at these bricks, they connect with the background of all these buildings and the slate and stuff. 'They've threatened to appeal against the planners' decision 'in the hope that the planners will reconsider. 'They hear nothing over the Christmas break 'and the wait is agonising. 'The biggest risk here is a design risk - 'that the level of invention and crisp detailing they want 'may be compromised and that the building's new identity stunted. 'After nearly a month of campaigning from Rachel and Zack, 'the answer comes through.' Did you call her as well? I called her twice and left voicemails and when she called back, I was fully expecting to be quite shirty. She was, like, "About these... We've decided not to take it any further." I was, like, "Pardon?" Yeah, yeah. "Thank you!" 'It's excellent news at what is the halfway point of the project. 'At this point too, the cantilevered structure has emerged on the first floor. 'The original red brick skin of the building is being insulated 'on the outside and then clad with tiled bricks, 'but that's proving a slow and painful process. 'But Ben and Rachel can, for the first time, 'see their hard-fought-for tile bricks going up.' Wow. On that end, there, and then that's what... How are they looking? They are looking great. They are looking all right. I'm really pleased with them, actually. 'Laying these unusual tile bricks, however, has not been popular. 'It's a first for the brick layers, for whom hiding the mortar in order 'to achieve this clean appearance has turned it into a precision job.' I know that builders hate these. From an aesthetic perspective or a practical perspective? It doesn't matter. What they don't like is that they can only do six quarters at a time and that they're fiddly. You know, conventional brick work... These require a bit of effort and concentration and they screw up. They just don't like it. They just don't like it. It's good to have a challenge, isn't it? 'God is in the detail, said Mies van der Rohe, 'and that's certainly true here. 'It suggests this building might just soar architecturally.' The sooner we cover up all these red bricks, the better. 'They might hate the look of the red bricks but they do serve a purpose.' These bricks are the old wall of the old building and they used to leak heat out into the atmosphere. Now, what they're doing is sticking a layer of insulation on the outside of this brick skin, slowing down the heat loss, keeping the heat within the bricks, which will then slowly radiate the heat back into the house. The old building is being turned into one giant night storage radiator - a heat battery. 'On a freezing March morning, three months before they hope to move in, 'the flat roof is nearly finished and, after five solid weeks 'of laying tile bricks, the final one is about to go in.' Ben's been itching to do this. The last brick. Yay! 'It's been a thoroughly miserable task, by all accounts, 'taking twice as long 'and costing the contractor twice as much as expected. 'In addition, they've suffered their first significant delay. 'A roofing contractor let them down, putting them back four weeks.' Does that upset you? It doesn't upset us as much as it's probably upsetting the builders who have got a contract of work. It's probably going to cost them more than us, really. They're under a bit more stress. Yeah. 'This is where a fixed-price contract is working in Ben and Rachel's favour.' I think they gave a really keen price and so, because of that, their margin's very slim and they have to make sure they can deliver on that. There have been elements like the brick laying taking far longer than they anticipated, the roofing being a bit of an issue and now with the time for them... I think the bricks were meant to take two weeks and they took five. When does the glass come to get it enclosed? In a couple of weeks. It's arriving in the UK today. Ta-da! And then it comes here in a couple of weeks. And how are they going to get it onto site? We've got a crane to come and lift it over the fence. From the park? Yes. The driver... Have you got permission to do that? Not yet. We're speaking to the park about it. OK. 'Oh, I do admire the optimism. 'After all the trouble with steel, the brick and the roof, 'I'm sure installing the glass will be just fine.' Ben and Rachel have taken advantage of other people's inability to see what might be possible. The genius of this project is that it re-imagines a faceless 1940s home as a crystalline modern mini-wonder. The first fix is well under way, and Ben, who works in media and communications, is on-site to oversee the installation of miles of cabling. You've got some very pretty cables here. Yeah, the pink is especially... What are they? Pink ones are audio. Is it going to be a very, very techy house? The idea is not to be too over the top. I don't see the point in being able to open the gate while sitting on the toilet in your en-suite bathroom. Really?! Oh, what a shame! So it's just future-proofed, is the idea. Upstairs, Zack's design is taking advantage of the new flat roof, and adding some large overhead openings for more light. The rooms are being transformed. This is the guest room. It'll have these amazing doors that just... Fold and slide. That fold. This is the...cantilever. I am standing above... This is new space. Yes. Carved from fresh air. Yes, this is the old external wall. Yeah, yeah. So this is all new. Bathroom in here and everything. Yeah. However, buried behind their beautiful blue-tiled brick coat, lies the red brick skeleton of the old vicarage. Their builders won't have thanked them for keeping it. Mark, the builder, says about this - "Easier to start from scratch." Yeah. Of course. Because look, you've got to chase in these boxes, and then you've got to mortar... If you just did it all in studwork - bing bang bish bosh - up goes the timber frame, it's done. Here, instead, you've got old plaster, you've got modern block-work, you've got a bit of concrete, you've got brick, and old stuff, and timber frame, and it's all has to slot and fit, match and mix. But that was a decision we made at the beginning, and very consciously so, that we keep the building. That we don't just knock it down. That there is a sustainable element to working with it. And renewing it. Sure. It's a noble thing to re-use the building, although personally I'd like to see a bit more of it on show. Are you not tempted to somewhere keep a bit of the old... The reason I mention keeping this, is because this is the exterior of the old building and yet you're in a room. So there's a kind of dressed quality to this wall with the pointing, and a warm quality in the patination that you get. I'm not sure it's necessarily what you want to look at in your bathroom. No. I was thinking more of a digital print mural on that wall. I don't know, I'd be tempted to try and explore at least, whether there was a way of keeping a little tiny slice of the old building. No! Rachel's not having any of it. She and Ben don't share my romanticism for old bits of wall, perhaps for good reasons. When I first visited Ben and Rachel's house I remember saying, "Oh, you've got to keep the handrail, "you've got to keep that banister, "because it's a part of the old building." And today I found myself saying, "Oh, you've gotta keep a little bit of that brick wall exposed, "because it's beautiful pointing and part of the history of the place." I keep saying these things because I am a bit of a die-hard conservationist, but I have got to stop. Because the project isn't about that at all. The old building simply serves as a technical vehicle for achieving something new, something of the imagination, something much more powerful than the old building. This project is all about giving that place an entirely new personality. It's May and they're a month behind, due mainly to the delay with the roof. But they've another problem. Their giant triple-glazed panels are still to arrive on site. They've failed on three occasions to have them installed. It's just because so many people are involved. Masses of different people, and, you know, involving the park, as well, and the people at the lido to open the gate, and then making sure the wind conditions are right... It was all a bit "Argh!" So here we are. The family wanted to be in within a month, which is not looking very likely. The glass prism is the final and most powerful of the three blocks. Its detailing will be fine and elegantly thought through. It should add a transparent, almost weightless quality, to the ground floor and it should be here by now. It is very much worth it. We are utterly convinced that it's deserving of as much effort as we can put into it. It will be such an incredible house when it is finished. The views out of the bedrooms - bedrooms aren't huge and the bedroom windows are not enormous - but the views are incredible. The views are framed by trees onto a park. They all get fantastic light. Everything about the volume of the light that is pre-existing is enough to make it exceptional. So I think it's not going to be easy, by any stretch of the imagination, but it never is. After a wait of nearly three months, 60 square metres of triple glazing are crossing the capital. For the final part of their journey there's no option but to go through the park itself. Whoa! Whoa! That's in the tree now. Just have to get up there and... Want a leg up over? No, look at that! With such a precious cargo, Ben's decided to take charge. Once installed, their fine glass prism could elevate this building architectural status from interesting to outstanding. Well, if you want something amazing I think you have to go through a bit of hassle. It must have cost more than you thought, then. Just logistics. Everything's costing more than we thought. But right down to, I've had to give the park ?5,000, just in case I damage anything in the park. I then had to sign a disclaimer for the truck today if anything gets scratched or chipped, or the exhaust falls off the truck, I'm going to have to pay for that. The glass is not in the fixed-price contract, so the logistics and the cost of installation fall to Ben and Rachel. I think there's 25 people here today working on this project. Do you know how much it's going to cost? What, the overall glass...? Mm, everything. Erm... The glass itself is somewhere around the 60 mark. 60?! Yeah. 60 what? Pence. 60,000... Yeah. Pounds? And then... But then, the... For the whole building, surely? No, no, no, just for the... Just for the glazing sections at the back. 60? Something like that. You could build a house for that. You could. The glass walls are constructed with five giant triple-glazed panels, the largest of which weighs nearly a tonne. It's taken months to organise, and with so many people involved, heaven knows what the overall bill will be. When we initially scoped the whole thing out, I was under the impression, and I was told, that we could just roll them in on these trolleys and bring them around the side of the house. KEVIN LAUGHS UPROARIOUSLY Using this much glass is daring, possibly a little predictable, but actually a decision perfectly applied here. It elongates the building, adding no little elegance to it. Isn't it amazing? Wow. You can see the whole park behind us there, look. The trees and everything. You do get a reverse view of the entire park! It completely changes the way the house looks. A mirror image of it. Wow. It's beguiling, isn't it? You can't really tire of it. I know it's all slightly cliched, the idea of a glass box a glass wall, a glass building, but it does deliver. I've never seen an old vicarage that looks like this. No. We still get mail. If there was a vicarage that looked like this, I think I'd become a holy man! This is more of a pavilion, in the park, isn't it? It's the pavilion in the park. Now I know what you're thinking, you're thinking this kind of building is commonplace now. But, you know, modernism, which was sort of invented in the 1920s by people like Le Corbusier was all about glass-walled buildings and light and space and white emulsion. When they tried to do it in Britain, they were doing it in buildings with no insulation, and no double glazing, which were cold and damp and they ran with condensation. Nowadays, we have insulation. We have triple glazing. It's as though Le Corbusier's modernism has finally come of age. Nearly a century later. The delights of all that glass - the light, space, and visual connection to the park, must be tantalising Ben and Rachel now. Their finished home is within sight, although they are keen - more than ever now - to work through every junction and detail with their contractor to finesse their ?400,000 budget to the finishing line. The iroko? So some of it's substandard? Are you happy with it? I don't know yet. Timber's a timber. But surely they would change it if that's split. Well, if it's split, then, yes. There's also a ton of decisions to be made about cladding, paint colours, tiles, flooring, and every tiny detail. Why is there a hole in the wall? Because you have a switch of some sort there. Will that be green? That'll have to be made Pigeon. Oh, Jesus. Well, what's the radiator colour? Going with the Dulux Jasmine thing, please. That's how the planner wants it? Yes. The builders want to be out, and Ben and Rachel want to be in. But everyone needs to be happy that the work's been done as agreed in the contract. Why are the lights set at different sort of spacing? I'm just having a look at them myself. And have we allowed for wall units coming out? And we don't have - I know it's a bit late in the day now - an electric point here. A socket point. For? The kettle? I've got to go. You've got to go? I'm perfectly happy for you to... It's an almost predictable wrestle over the grey areas. What's included in the fixed price, and what's an extra. Now it's quite stressful for us because we have to make decisions about tiles and paint... I wake up in the middle of the night thinking carcass interiors, colours... So there's quite a lot going on. A month later at the pavilion in the park, Ben and Rachel are still negotiating the tricky end-stage of the project. OK, shall we move it over then? Because then I can roll this one out that way. One job that's not included in the fixed price, is the landscaping and laying of a queen roof. So Ben and Rachel are now having to get well and truly stuck in. Sedum with wild flowers. So, we don't just get the benefit of having this plump green mat, but we also have flowers that will grow up every now and then. Beautiful! Beautiful, yes. But they've got to lug three tonnes of the stuff onto the roof first. LOUD GRUNTING That one smells of dog do. You look like a miner. It's nice, literally getting your hands dirty. Rather than just swanning in and pointing at things and paying. I'm so sweaty and dirty. This building is making its first big gesture of friendship with the park. I think this green roof is more important than a second bathroom. Because it's so much part of the transformation of this property. And also so integral to the view as you look out from these bedroom windows and out into the park. This is where the park starts as far as I'm concerned. The seeds of ladies bedstraw, kidney vetch, birdsfoot trefoil and South London dog's-do, have all been sown into the substrate of their green roof. The vicarage is undergoing the nips and tucks of its full body make over. I mean, I still walk in and suddenly all the glass has gone up or the bathroom's been fitted. Now it's feeling more like a home, and the colour's going on the wall... Although money is tight, they have allowed themselves an extravagance - a handcrafted, 4m long, concrete-topped kitchen island. This is the kitchen island. This is the beautiful carcass. There's going to be two sides to these. Dishwasher, wine fridge, beautiful polished concrete top. It really feels like we are almost there. Although this looks like a building site, to me, it feels like we are not very far away. Very close. (It's very exciting!) It's a year since Ben and Rachel Hammond began work on their ugly duckling house in a south London park. It's very hidden, this building. Very unusually for something in the middle of a city, it, sort of, snuck in behind the trees. Well, what a change, eh? It's like a toasted, caramel wafer, ready to eat. Hello! Hello! How are you? Very well, lovely to see you. Nice to see you again. I feel as though I've stepped over the threshold. You have. The threshold is right here. You know, cos it's marked out underneath this extraordinary cantilevered awning. It's beautiful, isn't it? It's very generous. It's a grand entrance. Well, it sort of suggests more to come. Yeah! Come and have a look. Beautifully detailed, all of this. Eh, what happened to your 1940s' building? We worked around it. That hand rail. We were never going to keep the hand rail, were we? I think it's in a skip in Chiswick. This is just... You know, it fits the modernisation of this house. Come through. Oh, it beckons. Oh, this is achingly... ..blisteringly...fashionable and contemporary! Wow! This is... rather fabulous. This is like a Danish festival of concrete. SHE LAUGHS We do like a bit of polished concrete. Don't you just! Downstairs, this building was... There were three lounges along here and they were all pretty small. The big difference between the 1940s and now is the fact that there is now a taste for this open plan, or semi open plan... Yeah, it's the way people live now, isn't it? Having this space just to roam is wonderful. Yeah, because the glazing is so big and disappears into the floor and up behind the ceiling, I can't tell whether there's actually a piece of glass in that hole. I mean, there is, isn't there? There is! Yes...it's there. Glass gives you that link out to the sky over there and the trees on three sides, as though you were in the middle of a woodland. You wouldn't think you were in the city at all. I know. Just maximum contact. The roof of their glass box is skilfully supported by just four steel posts. They've been fireproofed and re-clad in an alloy skin and still appear almost impossibly slender. Delightful! It's hard to imagine, isn't it, that these are holding the building up? It represents some feat of engineering. Yeah. A little magic trick. What lies behind that wall, or door, I should say? It's a sliding wall, isn't it? It's a rolling wall. You see, every open plan space needs one of these, doesn't it? Oh, I like the fact that it's dark inside. You can open it all the way, if you want it open. But then you can also shut it, that's what I like. Cos, then you shut the kids in here, with their mates. Or you can come in here. Or we can be here as a family. Occasionally, yeah. THEY LAUGH Yeah, good to see it dark and snug. Yes. The dark colour just makes it loads more comfortable. Yeah, I'm in favour of a bit of gloom. That's what you need for this kind of... Well, it's a room to hunker down in, you know, that's what it is. Yeah. 'In my view, you need the odd gloomy and cramped corner, 'to appreciate the modern mantra of light and space. And Ben 'and Rachel have been mature enough to form some contrast of scale 'and colour here, in what is not a large building. 'But as you rise up through it, the light levels increase, provided 'by large, overhead apertures, slotted into the flat roof.' Your room, with another fabulous view to the park and a wall of greenery. And a skylight that is the full width of the house. The full length, yeah. Wow, a very, very good idea. If you walk up the driveway, that slit window there, lines up perfectly with all the roof lights. So, you can see in and out again? You can see through and then out to the sky again... Lovely. The window reveals are very deep, thanks to the wall thickness, made up of the old building's red brick skin, the added insulation and the new outer coat of blue-grey brick tiles. Really big thick walls like that are quite unusual. They're very comforting, aren't they? To have a deep reveal, it's as though you're being really protected by the house. It's a good feeling. It really is. Home. Yeah. The upstairs layout is pretty much that of the old vicarage. The bedrooms all look out over the park. Whereas the bathrooms are absorbed into the timber clad cantilevered box. God, with a great wall of glass... I'm really chuffed with it. ..it's terrific. And you're back in London. Yes. Aren't you just? With the buses going past and the traffic - it's a different kind of thing again. I've just noticed the spire, out there. The super generous landing is not just a landing, it's a first floor living room and a bedroom. So, this is... Oh, I like that, there's storage behind it, as well. Yes. It's good. And that's it - there's a room. It's what you pay an architect for, isn't it? Mm... So, I remember standing here, I think it was by this window... I think it was this window. ..with the roof off... Yeah. ..saying, "This is what it's all about." It looks like wilderness out there, it's trees and long grass and mounds and, you know, where does that go? I mean, that's Brixton somewhere...but it feels like you're in the country. Maybe Brixton in the 18th century. Yeah, exactly! This house is, obviously, now a time machine and a place machine, thoroughly adapted to its setting. From the street, trees camouflage a facade that's broken up, like sticks in a forest. Meanwhile, out back, the opulent glass walls reflect the park. And the blue bricks just melt the building into the surrounding architecture. But to reinvent this home in the park, they've had to spend over ?1.2 million. What we've spent combined with buying and then the doing up of, we could've bought just a normal five bedroom house around the corner and we wouldn't have had the quality of living that we have now - that I couldn't have anticipated - you know, this calm and stillness. Put into that context, it's phenomenal! This was a brutish, brown lump of a box. I have to forgive Ben and Rachel for going ?50,000 over their budget - that's just 4% - because they've made a valuable contribution to this place, improving the park and producing an outstanding building. When we first bought the place, we were just going to knock it down and start again and it actually felt, emotionally, felt better to do the conversion. It's a challenge to work with an existing building and certainly from a builder's point of view... Yeah. I can't quite believe it. I can't quite believe A, we've got through all that and we're here...and what an amazing home we've created! I've been looking for the ghosts of the previous building but I can't find any. I mean... There is a ghost, actually. The footprint of the old building, very much is here, but it's a very good re-model, you know, because it has completely transformed it from the ugly duckling that was to...well, in our opinion, a complete triumph of a modern building, that we love. This started out as an ambitious recycling project. It is, of course, now completely transformed, it is a lot bigger, better, greener and much, much more beautiful than the old place was. I think, also, Ben and Rachel are pointing perhaps to a transformation on a wider scale here, because, as I've said before, out there, there are tens of thousands of interesting, adaptable, 20th century homes, masquerading as mediocre semi-detached and detached houses. If we want more of this kind of architecture, then we just need to open our eyes to see what's possible. Looks like they're building a bloody bypass, look at it. I reckon it's going to be the largest cob building on the planet. Sounds like a recipe for insanity! Only another 1,900 tonnes to go. Kevin is really determined, he's quite demanding. It's just relentless. BLEEP! If it was easy, it wouldn't be worth anything, would it? Good point. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 