Grand Designs: Season 13, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Designs 
 s13e10 - Malaga Revisit - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Designs (1999–…): Season 13, Episode 10 - Malaga Revisit - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I first came to this village in Andalucia nine years ago, in slightly better weather, to meet Gill and Hillary Briffa, who were leaving their architectural practice in St Albans in the hands of their son, Matt, to come and retire here. Their parting gift to him was the job of designing their retirement home - a rather confrontational, bold, glass box that was really quite challenging in terms of form, style and colour. Not exactly the most sensitive way of integrating yourself into a rural, isolated community. Are you not going to be, you know, the Brits who built the weird glass box on top of the hill? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I don't think anybody here's got a clue what this thing's going to look like. The builder has, and he's laughing at us, quite openly saying, "You're nuts doing this." They won't sign the house off if we don't change the colour and they won't give us electricity. I'm taking a very arrogant stand here. Very sadly, Gill died in 2008. I was last here in 2005, eight years ago. Now I'm quite excited to see Hillary again to see whether or not the building has settled into its landscape, whether it's still multi-coloured, and to find out just how life is for her as a British widow living up in the Andalucian hills, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 in a house that was so controversial when it was built. But first, here's the story of the construction of this sleek, modernist retirement home that dared to turn local architectural wisdom on its head. In 2005, 100,000 Brits relocated to Spain. But the couple I was about to meet had rejected the coastal sprawl around Malaga. Instead, they'd found a virgin plot of land up in the Andalucian hills. This place had so far managed to escape the grasp of the developers. What you get here are traditional old fincas and white-washed villas. It's as though nothing has changed for the past 50 years. And it's here that a British architect and his wife have decided to build themselves a retirement home, but one the likes of which no-one here has ever seen. Hola! Hola, you found us! How are you? Very well. Nice to see you. Nice to see you. I'm afraid that's the sum total of my Spanish. Well, that's not too bad, then. It's a start. How did you find this place? We didn't know this area at all. We did a recce one February, one year, and we passed through it and we realised how quiet it was and how underdeveloped it was. 'This is a great find. 'Sitting in a prime location above the valley, 'this eight-acre site cost Gil and Hilary just £35,000.' So, you're going to build on this terrace, then? Absolutely, all the way down there. Wow! What a view. Yes, it's lovely, isn't it? It's fabulous. Yeah. So, how would you describe the house? Is it going to be modern, or traditional, or what? It is going to be modern. It is going to be different, visually, from other houses, but it will have a lot of similarities with houses in this part of the world. We'll do a lot of living outdoors, I hope, and so we'll have courtyards, because I love courtyards. Because of the view, our main living space is a glass box. Wow. So we've got a lot of shade. So the room, although glassy, has got overhanging canopies that actually do shade it from the fiercest heat in the middle of the day. So, you're an architect, did you design the house? No, no. Hilary and I wrote the brief, and then we passed it to our poor son to solve the problem. He's also an architect? He's also an architect, and is a partner. Oh, in your practice? Yes. So he's designed this house for you, as clients? For his mum and dad, yeah. I have to say, when I first saw his design, I thought it was amazing. It wasn't at all what I anticipated. It was absolutely amazing. Just how amazing is difficult to see at first. A giant citadel wall will tease you with mere glimpses of what lies behind. Only a small door offers you any way in. And the view it reveals is amazing. This is a really clever design, ruthlessly modernist, but broken up to look like a little hamlet of houses curving around the side of the hill. To the west will be the guest block. In the middle, the glass box sitting room and kitchen. And to the east, Gil and Hilary's private wing with a first floor study and master bedroom suite below. Every linking space in the building will be open-air, forcing you outdoors. In theory, shelter from the sun will come from the high pergola and the broad concrete overhang above the transparent living room. This south-facing glass box is an experimental idea in such a hot climate, and a surprising place to put an open-plan kitchen. The guest block will have two double-bedroom suites. Next to it, an outside staircase will take you to the enormous first floor roof terrace - a very usable outdoor living space. This promises to be the coolest retirement home I've ever seen, and at a total cost of only £250,000 something Gil and Hilary could only dream of getting in the UK. I can see that what you're going to build here is going to hug the landscape, but it is still going to be a modern building, with a big glass wall, which is very unusual. And here you are, in the middle of an entirely Spanish community, two Brits, you know? Are you not going to be, you know, the Brits who built the weird glass box on top of the hill? I think it'll cause interest. I don't think anybody here's got a clue what this thing's going to look like. The builder has, and he's laughing at us, quite openly saying, "You're nuts doing this," you know. Really? Yes, absolutely. I'm not surprised that the builder thinks they're mad. If you look around here, all the houses have got thick walls and tiny windows, in order to keep the heat out. And here's Gil and Hilary, and they want to build a house with a glass box at its centre, which, in the middle of summer - I mean, that could just be a greenhouse. I just hope that they can get this project to work, technically, cos I love that design. I also hope they can get it to work aesthetically here. I tell you what - Gil's a brave man to try. With Gil and Hilary back in the UK, work starts on site at full throttle. The concrete foundations are shallow, but reinforced with steel, as is the main framework of the building. This is because all of southern Spain is considered an earthquake zone, and the steel gives the concrete added strength and flexibility. This top floor flat becomes quite massive... In St Albans, Gil and his son, Matt, work full-time at the family practice, which means Gil and Hilary will only be flying out to Spain once every four weeks. Considering this is a very demanding design, once a month doesn't seem like a lot to me. And, what's more, Gil is putting all his trust in a local Spanish builder, Paco Montanez, who speaks no English and has never seen - let alone built - a house like this before. HE SPEAKS SPANISH Oh, dear. With such an unusual design and Gil 1,000 miles away, he really needs a builder who, at the very least, shares his vision. This is a highly ambitious project. It's also the house that Gil and Hilary want to spend the rest of their lives in. I just hope Paco can deliver. It's the end of June, and after a month of work on site, Gil and Hilary Briffa are making their first scheduled visit to Spain to see the layout of their mountain-top retirement retreat. Flipping heck. It is always nerve-racking, you know, wondering what the hell the builder's got up to. Hoping he's done it right. That's the problem. Gil can't wait to get involved. His Spanish is basic, but he's not afraid to get stuck in. The thing is, as both client AND architect, he can't resist the temptation to make changes, and he's just decided he wants the pool heated. So now they need to build a machine room. If I was the architect and the client had asked me to do it, I'd have probably gone through the roof. But as I'm the client and the architect, it's containable. We're fighting each other and we've both won. This means Paco's got to lay ANOTHER set of foundations. First thing next morning, Paco's concrete order for the new foundations arrives and the builders are digging the trenches to receive it. That's not manana culture. That is today. But Paco's been a little too efficient. The cement lorry has arrived earlier than expected. They've been caught on the hop, I think, they've ordered the concrete and they haven't prepared enough for it and they've just got to make the best they can out of it. The builders have no choice but to fix the steel reinforcements in place AS the concrete is being poured. And in this heat, concrete sets fast. He is a control freak, he does like to control what's going on. He's quite a volatile person, so I've learned not to worry too much. SHE LAUGHS It usually works in the end. The problem is, I'm here. It could have happened on Friday and I wouldn't have seen it and it wouldn't have mattered. They're coping very well. MEN SPEAK SPANISH This last process may have been chaotic, but Paco has at least got all the foundations in. Gil and Hilary are now three months into the project. Their Spanish builders are already working on the concrete roof. With a surface area of 500 square metres, this is going to be an enormous single slab. Gil is worried that the project is going too fast and he's finding long distance communications with Paco frustrating. I'm anxious only because I'm not there, you know. I just can't toddle down the road and have a look at it, if I was concerned, you know. You've got to plan it a few days in advance and it takes some time to get down there. Paco is used to working in concrete, but this roof is tricky. Over 300 tonnes of wet concrete has to be poured in one go to avoid it cracking. Throughout the day, 18 lorry-loads of concrete are craned onto site and levelled to a perfect flat finish. Paco and his team work 14 hours flat-out, and I have to say, I've rarely seen a British team achieve so much in just one day. Bloody hell! It's a huge house you've got. Frightening, isn't it? Cor, look at this. That's some mass of concrete, isn't it? Yes. Nice view that way. Nice view that way. And you keep on walking... Above the glass. And now here we're above the living room glass box. And you've got, above here, you're going to have this sunshade. Downstairs, the wide roof will stop the direct sunlight from over-heating the glass box. So it's quite a big overhang now, isn't it? It's about a two-metre overhang, yes. Well, you can see the shadow it's casting already. It's what, it's just gone nine o'clock in the morning. About half of what would be the glass box has got some sunshine in it, at this time of day. Yes. It's gratifying to see actually, there's quite a shadow, as you say, at the moment. And I can see this sort of crank shape of this pool now. That makes sense to me now. Very often you find that pools are built away from the buildings, as though they're another facility that you use when you fancy, whereas this, we believe, is part of the whole thing, not just an event or an incident that happens somewhere else. Now that the first phase is complete, the builders can celebrate with a customary topping-out ceremony, just like in the UK, only here the food's better. THEY SPEAK SPANISH Paco's invited everyone involved with the project. All the builders, the registered Spanish architect, Jaime Garcia Jaramillo, and special guest, the original architect, Gil and Hilary's son, Matt. Designing a house for another architect is a nightmare, right? Designing a house for another architect who happens to be your dad... Yes. It's a responsibility, you know? They're retiring in this place and I have to make sure that, you know, we're comfortable that they can live in it. So you've got a good working relationship with your dad? I think so, yeah. I'm going to ask him that. Gil! Listen, I was asking your son about your working relationship. Our working relationship is an excellent one. You know, to say, "Design me a house" is such an amazing thing of trust. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's a great gift. I just wanted to blame him when it went wrong, you see. And he'll take the glory when it's all fantastic. When it doesn't work, I'll be there to take the flack. Listen, it's a classic situation. You design it and we pay for it. ALL LAUGH After a short break to allow for the summer's hottest month, it's September by the time they begin infilling the walls with lightweight hollow bricks. And once again, it's all happening far too far away for comfort. You do feel remote from the build, I have to say, and the fact that we can't get there more frequently. And it doesn't worry me too much, but I know that Gil's getting really sort of quite uncomfortable, in case, just in case something irrevocable gets done that we can't redress if it's wrong. He is, he's getting quite worried about it. So that's, yeah, we do think about that a bit. SHE LAUGHS But in the event, the first mistake is British, not Spanish, when Paco spots a problem with the drawings for the stairs that lead up to the study. HE SPEAKS SPANISH We can't get the staircase in, in the way that we wanted, so we're having to reform the geometry of the stairs. But it gives us problems in the appearance of it up there. It's the plans that are at fault. So together, Gil and Paco try to iron out the problem. GIL SPEAKS SPANISH We've found three solutions and they all have aesthetic implications. I want to go down and sit down quietly with a large Scotch, or something, and work it out. Gil returns to the UK to try and resolve the staircase issue. Details like this are increasingly becoming a priority. It's November and time for the next important phase, the application of the render. Gil knows that the Spanish builders are used to applying rough, rustic finishes to buildings and that they might not be able to meet his demands for a modernist crisp-edged render. I'm going to be very fussy when it comes to detail, because simple buildings need meticulous detailing and need meticulous skill in putting things together. If things don't meet exactly where they should, not just me, but other people will see it, and it will be a pity. And I've got to lock up because I've got the key, is that right? Gil can't keep away from this build, and he and Hilary are now flying out every two weeks. Six months in, they've already spent almost ?4,000 travelling to and from Malaga. And with every trip, their expectations grow. It is becoming a reality, and you do think more positively about... "We're actually going to be living here." It takes an entire month to render the external walls, but the transformation is astonishing. It's fortress-like. Can we go in? Yeah. You've got pipework in. Yes, we're starting the heating and the air conditioning. The pool is all... Look at those shapes. Mm! The structural elements of this build are almost complete. The overhanging concrete roof appears to float over where the glass box will be. And the huge steel-framed pergola that shades the upper terrace and pool is being built today. How's your main space? It's beautiful. I thought there was going to be a fireplace here, wasn't there? What's the deal there? Yes, there was. And we stood here and we couldn't see the view. And we thought, "We were wrong". LAUGHTER I'm not going to say anything. So at the moment you're on your way up onto the roof... With the render on, this building is looking nice and sharp. The hard lines and geometric shapes are already working in the way Gil and Hilary wanted. To get this consistency in England would be very difficult. Seriously? Absolutely. You don't mean that. You couldn't get that straight line out of a British builder? You couldn't get the consistency that he's getting. I always assumed that Gil and Hilary would paint their house white, like all the other houses in the area. But they've got other, more adventurous ideas, and they've asked Paco and their Spanish architect Jaime to help them choose their colour scheme. I think that would make a gash in the hillside from where we are. We either go for one strong colour in one area and then the lighter colour in front of it. Or we go for a collection of colours, which break the building up even more. I want to ask Paco what he likes. Paco? That sounds to me like he's saying that all the houses round here are white, in this region, in the territory, and consequently, the town hall's view is that all houses should be white, therefore, this should be white? Yeah. I'm sure, I'm sure we'll arrange something. We'll arrange something, yes. Yes, we'll come to an agreement. I'm sure we will. Gil and Hilary's Spanish build is in its eighth month. The rendered external walls are still waiting for their first coat of paint, but negotiations on the choice of colour have become complicated. Paco has told Gil that if he decides to paint his house a strong colour, he'll be defying not just tradition, but a recent local ruling that states that all new builds in the region must be painted white, and only white. But Gil has decided to ignore what Paco says and has started working on his colour schemes. We think it could do with a little bit more interest, so we're moving now and saying, "Well, what if we paint this wall, like, brown?" And again, it's supposed to be an earth colour. And then we said, "Well, what happens if we paint the main building "a grey, sagey green, bluey green?" We're still playing with that. What's next? This is the internal courtyard. Looking at the end house. And there's the blue, isn't it, so that kind of strong, Yves Klein ultramarine blue, whatever. The white's the glue and the colour's the articulation. Gil is hoping that because the new ruling was passed AFTER he got planning permission, these colours will be acceptable. You've still got to sort of persuade Paco, or at least appease him. I'm not going to worry about having to fight Paco. No? No, I'm taking a very arrogant stand here. I think they should look at knocking down some of the illegal buildings before telling me what to paint. Yeah, that's a very fair point. I hope you're going to make that to Paco. I've already subtly made that to Paco, yes. OK. Having stood their ground for so long, Gil and Hilary finally decide to paint their house white. And minty green. And red ochre. And vanilla. And of course, blue. Gil hasn't made a single concession, and even as the paint is drying, the Spanish builders are voicing their opinion. And it's unanimous. Gil's tactic was deliberately confrontational, because he believes strongly that he's doing the right thing for the building. We've painted it the right colour. Yes. That's a nice colour, isn't it? Yes. It's a massive difference since we were here three weeks ago. I was quite surprised. Yeah. That's your blue wall. My blue wall, it's fantastico. It articulates the chimney stack so well. I know, it does that. It's beautiful. It really is. I like the idea of what Gil's done here. He wanted to use colour to reinforce the separate identity of each building, so that the site as a whole resembles his idea of a hilltop village. But other people might not see it like that. We haven't had any enormous backlash personally, but we're not here long enough perhaps to know. Gil and Hilary may not be aware of it, but in the surrounding villages, the locals have taken against their colour scheme. So, that's unanimous then! The locals don't like it, the builders don't like it, and Paco, who Gil really needs on his side, is very uncomfortable about the blue. Look at that. I do like that earth-coloured one on the left-hand side, that building looks really good. I'm not so sure about the minty green, though, on the right-hand side. The thing is, around here, everything, every building is traditional. I mean, look at this place here, this is a brand-new house. Look, just been put up, it's got a traditional tiled roof, it's been painted white. Not only that, but the people round here are also traditional, they're conservative, they're all Spanish. Gil and Hilary are the only Brits here for miles. And look what they've done, it's a real statement. Hello. Kevin. Tiptoeing. How are you? I'm very well, and you? Nice to see you again. Very, very well. Hi, Hilary, how are you? Hello. Very well. You look very brown and happy and content, and the pair of you look very well. I'm glad you think we do! Do you not feel that way? No! LAUGHTER But the place is coming on, isn't it? Yeah, it's coming on lovely. I stopped just down there and looked up at it and these colours look extraordinary from down there. They do, don't they? I did wonder whether it looked like a hotel. Yeah. Well, somebody thinks it looks a bit like a discotheque, but there we are. Yes. Oh, yes, a nightclub! A nightclub, yes. That did come to mind. Yeah. Last time I was here, you were saying that the next thing that would happen would be the glass, but that hasn't happened. No, that hasn't, mainly because of production problems in Seville, and now that Paco's started putting the floor down... Which is lovely. ..he doesn't want anybody here until he finishes, and we reckon that's about three weeks. Although the glass has been delayed, the solution to the problematic second staircase has just arrived. Paco took responsibility and commissioned a local metalworker to make it. So here it turns up on site, absolutely superb. A big piece of rolled helical flat bar... Absolutely, it's stunning, isn't it? It's nice, isn't it nice? And that'll get painted white, will it? Painted white, yes. Not blue? LAUGHTER I don't know yet! We'll see how we get on. HE SPEAKS SPANISH It is so near the end, and it has gone so well and you don't want anything to ruin that. The closer we get, I think... The stakes are higher. Yes, and the more stressful. I'm sure that's right. I'm anticipating disaster. Every detail, I'm anticipating disaster. And I cannot relieve that until I see it. Gil is wise to fear the worst. Not five minutes later, Paco delivers some bad news about the blue wall. They say they won't write the house off and they won't sign it off if we don't change the colour. What? They won't sign the house off if we don't change the colour and they won't give us electricity. SHE LAUGHS It is fundamental. Here's me saying... Un problemo politico. Here's me saying that they were much better than at home, and we seem to have the same idiotic ideology here that we have at home, and I thought I was escaping from it. There's no escape from luddites, is there? Absolutely no escape. There's no refuge for an architect anywhere. Absolutely nowhere, there's no refuge for imagination, is there? Gil and Hilary believe any threats to withhold electricity are totally hollow. They think that if they're patient, the problem will just disappear. With Gil refusing to budge, Paco is left to deal with the issue. He invites the Mayor to site, in the hope that by seeing the colours close up, he may change his mind. So, the Mayor sort of accepts the blue. That means that Gil and Hilary might be able to keep their colours. It's April, 11 months into this build, and the glass has still not arrived. The aluminium factory in Seville that is providing the window frames keeps letting Paco down and for the first time, work on this project grinds to a halt. It's not until May that the aluminium window frames finally turn up. Gil has spent a whopping 45,000 euros on glass. Once manufactured, it can't be re-cut, so when it arrives, it will need to fit flush into these frames. Oh, I say. Oh, it's nice, isn't it? Yes. This is a crucial time for Gil. He may always fear the worst, but he can now see all his beloved details finally going into the building. Oh, fantastic! They've got the right locks in. That was your main worry, was it? Yeah, fantastic. They've got the right locks in. The glass finally makes an appearance in June, a year into the build. Each pane is double-glazed and specially coated to reduce the transmission of heat. If it fits, all the major work will be finished. But no-one, not even Paco and Gil, yet knows whether this glass will be able to stand the fierceness of the Spanish summer sun. After 14 months of construction, Gil and Hillary's glass box is nearly built, but will it deliver them the retirement experience that they're looking for? I have to say, coming up this hill, you know, this wall is extraordinary. It's lovely, isn't it? It reveals absolutely nothing. Except for the door. Except for the door. Which draws you in. It says, "Come to me," rather than, "Go away." Let's see it. It's a great moment. Wow! This is extraordinary. Oh! You like that? I feel as though I've died and gone to heaven. Wow! Look at that! Isn't it just blissful, spectacular? Are you pleased? Absolutely. Absolutely. You bloody must be! Very pleased, yes. It would be very difficult to say you weren't pleased, wouldn't it? Well, it would, with this. Gil wanted drama and excitement out of this building, and he's certainly got it. The house sits right on the edge of the hill, so the land just falls away. It's as if it's floating in the sky above Malaga. This is clever. That's very beautiful. It's a swimming pool that suddenly turns into a water feature and cascade. It's lovely, isn't it? I like it very much. It's very good to see the glass box finished, and in, isn't it? Well, we were kept waiting a bit, weren't we? I know, I know. But it's finally come. What's it like inside? Is it hot? It's cool, man. "Cool, man." I bet it's a blinking sauna. It's not bad. Not bad. It's a bit warmer here. Well, it's had the sun on it since seven o'clock this morning. It's not bad, but it's not, it's not chilled, is it? No. No. It's warm-ish. But then, I suppose we must talk about the benefits of the glass box, which is the view, isn't it? Yes. Which is fantastic. Yes. It is a room with a view. It's a corny phrase, but there we are. So this is your kind of public wing, isn't it? This is kind of where guests and you meet. That's right. In your big, public glass box, but this is your... Bedroom wing. Private wing, is it? Private wing, with its own utility, minibar, bathroom, everything. This is lovely, you just slide these right back in the morning. Yeah, and just open it up, there we are. 'Gil and Hilary's private wing in itself would satisfy most 'people's ambitions for a home in Spain. 'Hilary craved outdoor living, and with all the glass and the 'access to the pool, this master bedroom certainly delivers that.' For ?300,000, Gil and Hilary have got something worth much more. But only time will tell if this building, which still feels like it's landed on its hillside from outer space, will eventually come to sit in harmony with its landscape and become accepted by the locals. So, now, on a scale of one to 100, Gil, how does this building rate? 100. Are you that happy with it? Definitely. What about you, Hilary? Yes, I think so. 101? 101. Yeah. Really? Yes. It strikes me that you do have a very large house. Sitting room... It's a three bedroomed house. It's a three bedroomed... It's a three bedroomed house. It's a very, very luxurious three bedroomed house. It is an experiment, we don't know how it's going to work out. How do you mean, an experiment? I think retirement's an experiment. A new country's an experiment. A great house, it's all part of not getting bored, I think. So, Hilary, did your son get this design right? Yes, I think he did. He got it absolutely bang-on right. It surprised me. There's one corner behind me which just, just over the pool. I have to stop and look. It stops me. I have to stop and look. And this is what I like. It's nice to do that. Fancy waking up every day with that experience ahead of you and not getting bored with it. I don't think you can say that of a lot of houses. It's sad to think that in the end, Gil only had the last two years of his life to live in and enjoy the experiment that he and Hilary had built. Well, nine years have now passed and I've now come back to see how Hilary is getting on without her irrepressible husband, Gil, and also to see whether the building's softened into the landscape and whether the local attitude has softened towards the building, and I guess, most importantly, to find out whether or not that building really has delivered that life-enhancing experience that Gil wanted Hilary to enjoy. Oh, look, there it is, look, look! Locals haven't knocked it down, then! This is all extremely, um... What's the word? Lush. Hello. How are you? Very well. Hello, Matt, how are you? Not too bad, thank you! Good, good. I've brought the weather with me. You have, yes! Oh gosh, that reveal coming through there - do you ever tire of that? No. That moment of surprise coming though there. It's different every time. Is it? And the sun is coming out? I'm sorry Gil isn't with us. Yes, it's a shame. It is a shame. They were two great years. We had a lot of fun settling in. 'It's seems unfair that Gil didn't 'have longer to enjoy the unfolding experiment of living abroad in the extraordinary house he created. 'But despite the absence of his large personality, 'I can see Hilary has made this place her own. 'Her first battle, of course, was to win over the locals who were 'upset that the building wasn't Andalucian white.' I'm trying to remember in terms of colour, whether it's exactly the same? That block was mint green and I didn't like it at all. Ah, yes. No, I like it in white. 'I think we are all glad to see the back of the minty green 'but it was an example of the playfulness of Gil's ideas.' It's not too serious. There are some cliches here, the door in the wall, the steps from the bedroom to the pool. All those cliches are here but it's about not taking architecture too seriously, I think. He never had a serious thought in his head, really! And inside? How's it in there? Can we have a look? Yes. See you later. 'Inside the glass box, Gil and Hilary's first steps towards 'decoration have now matured into a room that has been fully furnished.' Enormous sofa! Yes, it is, it's quite large, isn't it? But all the colours in this are the colours in the building outside, aren't they? The terracotta is almost the colour of the soil here - things get stained with that colour. But I think it's Mediterranean colours as well. When you're here by yourself, does the place feel too large? It really doesn't. Do you use the whole site? Yes, I really do, everywhere. If I have any work to do then I work in the study. I actually like my little laundry room where I sew. So I spend a lot of time in there. The evenings I spend in here. This big hole in the wall between the kitchen and the sitting room, is that about the capturing the view or is it about socialising - what was it for Gil that he wanted there? I think it was both, Kevin. He enjoyed socialising and he really enjoyed cooking. And he'll have enjoyed this! He did. This is pure him, isn't it? It's a kitchen designed by Billy Smart's circus this, look. It's great! It's fun. Can you...? Is that a piece of tomato? No, it's not, that's the glass! It's very post-modern, it's very Gil. It's very Gil. Do you like it? Not an awful lot, no! 'The one thing that has evolved 'and changed here in ten years is the garden. 'Hilary has implemented all the plans that she and Gil had 'to soften the building into its landscape.' It looks absolutely tropical, you know. That's very kind. And gates, what's that about? Is that security or what? Um, it's partly security. There is a lot of petty theft around here now as a result of the economic situation. Do you feel threatened or unsafe? No, never. I don't feel vulnerable here at all. I'm well looked after by my neighbours. That matters, doesn't it? Going to college, I met a lot of Spanish people in Malaga, some of whom have become really good friends, and they come to my house and they're mostly really flattering about the house. THEY SPEAK IN SPANISH 'Hilary's new language school buddies don't just like her house 'they admire her courage.' 'It's impossible to overstate just how much Hilary's life changed 'when Gil died.' He was a very extrovert sort of person and so he really took over all the talking and the driving and all the living, really, and I just enjoyed a very relaxed time. Learning Spanish has been a necessity forced on Hilary by her independence but it's enabled her to properly integrate into this Andalucian community. And while the locals might have found the colour of her house foreign at first, many of the individual elements of the building were in fact inspired by the regional architectural language. So, Matt, the idea of this little courtyard, this secluded space, it's about more than just providing privacy, isn't it? It's called a cold sink so the air is continually moving down and round so it's always cooling as it falls, and so it's an Arab device for cooling houses. Gil was from Egypt and he loved North African architecture and this whole house has cues of Arab architecture and as does Andalucia. And have you used any more Arab/North African ideas in the building? I think there are some, there's the kasbah wall which we know! The kasbah wall, you mean the curved... The big citadel wall that you arrive at. I love that. There's the flat roofs, they're very Andalucian. Do you feel as though you've been living, to an extent, Gil's dream while you've been here? No, not at all. It was always a shared thing? It was a very shared thing and it has changed. It's changed dramatically into a very positive experience for me. It's quite extraordinary. This was a sort of a ten-year adventure, yeah? In order not to get bored. I certainly haven't been bored. But how long does the adventure go on for, do you think? Well, I've been here eight years, so I think it will be another two years. So you really do think this ten-year plan you had is what you intend to commit to? Yes, I think so. I want to go onto another project. OK. Another house design? Yes. Oh! Something like that. I can't live here when I can't drive as I get older and I want to make the decision when to go. And another building, another vision, another... Smaller... ..refreshing kind of... Yes. ..adventure? Yes. Does he get to design it? Not this time, no. I think so! No pressure there! Yeah. 'This whole place cost Gil and Hilary nearly 450,000 euros to build. 'To take on another project, Hilary will have to sell. 'But this place has held its value in a collapsing market 'and that's a testament to the quality of the original design.' At its peak it reached a million euros and now it's worth possibly 850 euros. Well I'm told, that's what I should be expecting. 850,000. But you've made a real good go of this place. You've made friends, you've integrated. The mad woman on the hill! I think is pretty well what they think of me! You've done well, you've done very well. People do think it's very strange that I should be living up here. So what happens to this place? I'd like someone to come here and live their life in their own way here. Yes. I think it's remarkably determined to make a go of something that was conceived under completely different circumstances. You know when you're faced with bereavement you don't have many choices. Do you carry on? You have to carry on and why not carry on here in this paradise? It's a lovely place to be, it really is. So, when it comes to our homes, what should architecture do, eh? It should protect us, it should nourish us and perhaps even excite us. It should of course respond to a place, frame a view perhaps and allow us to enjoy that view. But it should also in a way alter that place and even make a contribution. It should also be autobiographical, it should reflect the spirit of the maker, maybe even their personality, their sense of humour. And it should repay all the love, all the commitment that goes into making it in dividends. And of course, it should really outlast us - I mean a good building usually does last longer than we do. To do more of the same, for the people that come after us. I first met Lucie Fairweather and her partner Nat McBride five years ago, however Nat was diagnosed with cancer, and sadly six months later, he died. But Lucie carried on with their project. I have to ask, Lucie, why you're doing this? Because actually, I couldn't bear not to. God, it looks really big, doesn't it? It's been 3 and a half years, and I have no idea what I'll find on coming back. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 