Grand Designs: Season 13, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Designs 
 s13e1 - The 1920s Cinema, Thorne, South Yorkshire - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Designs (1999–…): Season 13, Episode 1 - The 1920s Cinema, Thorne, South Yorkshire - full transcript 
 With two active boys in a house sized for newlyweds the Harry's need a bigger house. But with none available in their home town of Throne they buy a dilapidated 1920's theater to turn into ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You know, love is never like it is in the movies. It's so easy to fall in love with the wrong person. Just as, for us romantic self-builders, it's so easy to fall in love with an inappropriate old building. Like an old cinema, for example. Thorne in South Yorkshire is a former mining town. It has a proud heritage but it has seen better days. It's the home of entrepreneur Gwyn ap Harri and his wife Kate, who live in this sensible house with their two boys, Jack and Dylan. It's been a good home, but it's one they've outgrown. This one? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 When we bought this it was literally we were buying a house that could house us and a little baby, wasn't it? And now we've got two kids, seven and four, growing up. And we've only got a little garden here. They've made the decision to move, and something unusual has caught their eye. We wanted to find a bigger home, couldn't find one, and you happened to see the cinema up for sale, and we just looked at it and thought, "I don't know what you can do with it, I reckon we can do something." Just like the town, it's seen its fortunes fade. Becoming a bingo hall then a nightclub, and today a tragic boarded-up eyesore. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Built in the golden age of cinema, the 1920s, the Kensington Palace entertained the population of the former mining town. On impulse they bought the whole cinema plot for just £90,000. The plan being to demolish the cinema and build a straightforward traditional house from scratch. Mercifully the planning department stepped in. We went to the planners and asked if we could knock it all down and build a nice family home and they said, "No, you can't, it's a 1920s cinema." Gwyn and Kate agreed to restore the historic facade, but they are knocking down the remains of the 300 square metre auditorium behind. We are building a home, at the end of the day, for our family, and it's got to work for our family. If not it'll end up being the biggest mistake of our lives. Oh, wow, this is it. Unmistakable. What you reckon? Unloved. Yeah. Erm, it's a cinema, is it? Or is it... Was a cinema. Yep. What a state. You can't make a hash of this. No. That couldn't look any worse. Having had no experience of building Gwyn has called up an old school friend, now a building designer. What he's come up with at the back is radical in design, a vast uncompromising structure made almost entirely of concrete. So you're putting lots of concrete in. We are, yes. Yes? Yes. This is the kind of thing you planned, five years ago? No. Not at all. No, well my idea at first was... our architect said find out loads of things you like out of magazines, cut them up and send them to us, and I was sending lovely twee pictures of little cottages, and images that I thought were me. And I think basically he just binned them and just drew this really contemporary new bit to the building. Thankfully they're open-minded, as what he's designed is a brutalist concrete building, quite at odds with what Kate had expected. The classic Edwardian brick front of the building will be restored. Behind the facade, however, there's a plan for something extreme. The 900-seat auditorium has been demolished where a large walled garden with a cantilevered garage, pool house and spa will sit. The building's structure will mix old and new, concrete frame with floors, and even walls, of concrete, left with all the marks of the timber shuttering. This part new and part old cinema vestibule will hold kitchen, dining and living areas, leading to the garden via a giant hydraulic hangar door. Upstairs there will be a spare room and two identical bedrooms for the boys, separated by a family bathroom. Their designer's passion for concrete once more appears in the master bedroom and adjoining wet room. There's also a roof terrace sitting below what was once the projector room, now to be a home cinema. The big action feature of the back of the house however will be the reproduction rejection apertures, they dominate an elevation of white render and panels of timber. Their project budget is £350,000, but their friend's design is so daring and raw that Gwyn and Kate, it seems, are still coming to terms with it. Have you ever visited a concrete house? Have you done your research here? No. No. We've seen loads of photographs and pictures. You've never experienced... it's one thing to look at the photographs, it's quite another thing to actually visit a place. You've never been? No. We want to. Bit late! What is your motivation for doing all this? We doing it for the family, aren't we? We're doing it for the kids to have a bigger garden. But surely there are many easier ways of getting a bigger garden. Yeah, there are. There really are. Bit of adventure, isn't it? Is something missing in your relationship? It's not what most people do, I'm really interested by why people build. Because to build from scratch, you sort of understand, people fall in love with ancient buildings and repair them delicately because they're romantic and have love for the past. This is not one nor the other. We had the chance to build a detached house on a fairly decent-sized plot without going to the trouble of purchasing a cinema, so it wasn't just about that. So what is it about this project that then... We live in Thorne, we've lived in Thorne quite a while, we live just up the road, and we love it here, we love this town. And so much of Thorne is falling apart, and it's been left to fall apart, and I don't believe this town deserves that, and I suppose there's a bit of, let's do a little bit for Thorne, and at the same time we get a unique house, and I get the garden. Where the cinema's auditorium once stood, Kate plans to develop a good-sized walled garden and Gwyn has a boy's own idea for how to access it. Most people have bifolds, but we thought that was a bit boring, so we found this company that does hangar doors, you know, for aeroplanes to come out? No, I don't know. OK, so it's going to be like four metre high window and it's going to hinge like that and come out like that to form a canopy. Good lord! Sounds quite interesting. All right, isn't it? Are you excited about that then? I've been bullied into it. No, not bullied. Let her answer for herself! I do like the idea but I foresee things going wrong, I don't think it's been done before, so I'm nervous of it, but... Is there a part of you which still hankers for that traditional country house? Definitely, but what I think this place will bring is that because of the older style front of the house I would like to keep the bit that's existing in a more traditional style. At the present rate, however, there's not going to be much left. It's like watching a Tyrannosaurus rex trying to eat your building. Construction costs. Yeah. Do you know what they are, because it's quite hard to know how much he's going to leave standing, of course, and how much of that is going to be usable, but do you have a rough idea? We want it to be less than 350 grand, for it all in. Is that funded from mortgages then? No, we're not borrowing yet, we might have to, but it depends on my business. OK. Business is going well at the moment, is it? Yes, it's going great. At the moment. That's a rare thing in a recession. It is. Yes. It's not all destruction, though, work has also uncovered hidden gems. Look, there's a bit of green here. Look. Wow. Architectural echoes from the cinema's heyday. Look at that. There's a zigzag in it. Oh, that's beautiful. It's all right, isn't it? And then there are two shades of green. It's unbelievable, isn't it? It's quite wonderful. We were going to have polished concrete on the floor. You've got polished concrete, that's exactly what this is. This is polished concrete with aggregate in it which has been cut back, polished, it's just done with infinite care and patience and coloured pigment. It's really nice, isn't it? It is nice. By the time it's polished up and shiny, imagine glossy, it will be like marble, it would look really quite something else. This fine building holds precious memories for the people of Thorne. This project could be more than just a home, it has the potential to become a symbolic restoration of pride in the town. However, with every bite of that machine, another little nugget of history disappears. And boy, with a machine like that, is it easy to take just that little bite too much. It's two months since work started at the former cinema in Thorne. The demolition monsters have moved on and sand blasters have taken their place, removing crusty paint and mould from the decaying cinema's bricks. Whenever Gwyn's not busy running his educational software business, he's lending a hand on site. It's absolutely fantastic I can't keep my eyes off it. It's like...backwards painting, it's like they're painting bricks back onto my house. However, Gwyn and Kate are not going to be living in a house of bricks but one of concrete. It's a building material that divides opinion. This is the National Theatre in London, on the South Bank, designed by Denys Lasdun in the 1960s. He was one of Britain's great architects and it's a series of brutalist blocks and planes and platforms. When it was first built, the Prince of Wales said it looked like a nuclear power station. Sir John Betjeman, the poet and conservationist, he loved it. And that controversy persists until this day. And look, it is made entirely, inside and out, from board-marked concrete. I mean, this is Gwyn and Kate's living room. You see, I think that Gwyn and Kate are remarkably brave. Concrete is normally associated with car parks rather than craftsmanship and yet when you juxtapose it with carpets, upholstery and lighting, it takes on an entirely different quality, a much more luxurious character. Their concrete seems acceptable in a large public building in London but it is radical for a home in Thorne. Gwyn and Kate have so far been faithfully following the architectural vision of their friend Jeremy Southgate. So, not before time, they're going to visit a house that has plenty of exposed board-marked concrete inside. It's quite nerve-racking cos I'm not sure what will happen if I don't like it! Well, you know... Back to the drawing board. Yeah. This house was also designed by Gwyn's school friend Jeremy who's something of a concrete evangelist. One of the new ideas that we introduced to them was using concrete as a domestic material. For us, it was partly because the existing building, bits of it were in concrete and we really wanted to build on that, and also because we just loved concrete. I think concrete in this country does definitely have a bad reputation but it's time to reclaim it. I'm just taking it all in. I'm thinking of possibly putting in a skylight, something like this, where we get this nice flood of light straight down and it really highlights the texture of the concrete wall. Concrete's eco-credentials have taken a bashing, not least from me, but it remains immensely durable and capable of different identities. So this is board-marked concrete and you can see, literally, it is the marks of the boards that we use to make the formwork. It's sort of like pouring jelly into a mould. If you said you had a big concrete plinth in the middle of your house, you'd say "Don't be daft", but this looks just normal, doesn't it? Gwyn seems sold but Kate has been uncertain about their concrete from the start. That's better than I imagined it would look and I can see that fitting in our house. It's really nice to see it in a home and see that it does work but, you know, I think it can work for us as well so it's been really useful. They've been at work on site for five months now and a cleaned facade has begun to yield some of its architectural secrets. It's looking very different, isn't it? What do you think? It cleaned up really, really well in the end. Yes. Is this stone? No. It was difficult to see before. Is it concrete? It's concrete. It's all concrete. It's not too bad, is it? On the whole, it looks pretty sharp, yes. I knew it was going to be nice but I didn't think it would be this beautiful. Now it has a real palatial quality about it. Now, where is my terrazzo floor that I so lovingly discovered, polished and swept?! Um... It got dug out on my orders! It wasn't me, it wasn't me. It was me! I... I'm slightly gobsmacked, Kate, because it was beautiful. I spent days chipping round the corners, trying to work out how we could keep it all. You did, didn't you? There were loads of reasons to be honest. One, you didn't like it... It reminded me of my school toilet floors! SHE LAUGHS It was the ?6,000 restoration bill and it's just a massive heat sink. 'My beautiful 1920s terrazzo floor has been lost and replaced with vast 'amounts of modern concrete and there's plenty more of it to come.' 'Gwyn and Kate's builder Richard Wilson is also a long-time friend. 'Today he's taking delivery of the heavy moulds or 'formwork into which they'll pour their board-marked concrete walls.' It's beefy stuff, this, isn't it? Yes. 'There's a great deal of preparation as these walls, once poured, 'will not only be structural but also have their final finish.' You're asking Richard to build your wall, plaster it, paint it, wallpaper, you know. In one. In one! With no mistakes. With no mistakes. You can't... You can't cock it up. No. If you don't like it, you'll have to wallpaper it! Yes! 'Setting the moulds precisely and filling them 'with concrete can take up to five days 'so they'll have to wait to see if their board-mark effect works.' What's interesting is that although the facade is all about the street, the way you've organised the building is all about the garden. It's going to be splendid. All accessible through this Thunderbird II hatch. The Gwindow! The Gwindow! What, does that fit in between these...? Yes, all in between here, yeah, and it will hydraulically move up. Bonkers! Bonkers. 'Gwyn's idea for the window sounds mad 'but it could work in providing that connection to Kate's garden. 'She's being painstakingly reclaiming bricks from the rubble for her walls.' How was that? It was cold, it was hard work, but it was... Yeah, it was enjoyable. So, are you finding yourself more and more fired up, more empowered, really, to make decisions? Yes, definitely. I think, at the beginning, it did seem that it was Gwyn, Jem, Rich. It was them who were sort of posting e-mails to each other, and I sort of distanced myself from it. It was just a case of, "Just get it built, I want to live in it, "that's all I want." Whereas now I'm enjoying this whole process of it and getting involved and stuff, so that's really good. Board-marked concrete may have found its home on London's South Bank in the 1960s, but today we can find out whether it works in traditional red brick Thorne. The concrete was poured into moulds and, having now set, they can uncover the spanking grey finish to their living room walls. Steady, Bill. Hold it there. CREAKING Is it all right? Yes, missed it. Thank God. 'It's not a good start. 'Luckily, their concrete walls aren't damaged.' That's working, isn't it? Yes. There's loads of texture. This is what I had in my mind. This is what I was hoping for. Yes, this is... It's concrete, Gwyn. It's pretty cool, isn't it? Yes. As work progresses, it's becoming increasingly difficult to hide the radical ambitions of Gwyn and Kate's home from curious locals. Whenever Kate's in the local shops, she's always hearing that we've run out of money again! HE LAUGHS But she doesn't say anything, it doesn't really matter. Some of them think that we're crazy and we probably are a little bit crazy but, you know... Everything that we've done, we can justify. He may need to do just that. Thorne Needs You, a pressure group to set up to promote regeneration in the area, are inspecting a number of building sites in the town. Gwyn and Kate's will be one of them. I got fed up with people saying what a tip the place was, what a state all of the old buildings were in. A lot of the old buildings in Thorne have been pulled down and shouldn't have been. Gwyn and Kate's project has become more than just the building of a home. They're restoring a local landmark with all of its associated memories. In 1949, Jerry was in front of us in the queue and we got talking and then he said, "Do you come often to the cinema?" So I said, "Oh, yes, I usually come once a week." He said "Well, why don't you come with me next week?" This is the gallery, this is where you two first snogged! THEY LAUGH I'm so pleased that the whole thing isn't just being pulled down. Absolutely, yes. I've never seen anything like it before. It's just wonderful. I think it's fantastic. It's really, really inspiring, Really aspirational for a small town like Thorne. You know, all over this little market town of Thorne, people are beginning now to buy up buildings and restore them. Urban regeneration, by the way, is not something that is government-led. Its energy doesn't reside in quangos and in initiatives and policies. It starts with a declaration of faith in a place. It starts with somebody opening a little cafe or like Gwyn and Kate, building a house. It's now July and the whole family are on-site to witness the final delivery of more concrete. Oh, did you see that? Where is it? It's gone right up through the pump there. It's taken, like, three or four months to do it but the whole structural part of the building will be finished and I'm really, really excited today. By the end of today, they'll have poured over 400 tonnes of concrete. I think the lads are a bit sick of the sight of concrete. Yes, we like it. Love it. Don't stand there too long, Rich! THEY LAUGH Following the final pour, the brutal yet sharp concrete form of Gwyn and Kate's challenging building is clearly visible. Work is moving on apace. No, thanks to a new member of the building team. Gwyn's off for the summer and on-site as a labourer. Are you trying to save... You know, cut corners? Not really, no. The logical thing for me to do is to work and then pay someone. I suppose also there's that thing about wanting to be involved? Exactly. I know every part of this house. I've knocked the plaster off most of it! How is the money? It's fine now. Meaning? We applied for a mortgage which we've got... Yes. ...but it's taken eight months so luckily we managed to pay the guys on site, we had enough to pay the guys on site. Line up, will you, as you go along. Sorry, mate! So, where does that put your budget? I think it's going to end up around about the 400 mark. 'That's 50,000 more than they intended to spend. 'I'm wondering just how much radical change, how much concrete, can Gwyn and Kate stomach?' We came to a bit of a wall with all of the concrete stuff. We got to an amount where we were, like, "What about putting "up studwork and it'll be done quicker and it'll be done cheaper." And it was the concrete guy, Sean, who basically told you to hold your nerve and, you know... that it's been designed and you're going to lose what you set out to achieve and so we stuck with it. I think we're at the limit now with concrete! THEY LAUGH I have to remind myself that Gwyn and Kate are going on more than a personal concrete adventure. Their product's high-profile and they've got the whole town along for a ride. As their concrete contractor said to them, a bit of advice that I really think applies here, don't lose your nerve. At the old cinema in Thorne, it's a hive of activity. The insulation and the studwork are going in and Ian the joiner is putting in 24 wooden window frames. It'll go. I think that brickwork needs cleaning off. Gwyn's solution to waterproofing the flat roofs and terraces is, as you'd expect from him, hi tech. They heat up the two drums of chemicals, shoot them into two pipes, then spray it out and as the chemicals are sprayed, it makes a chemical reaction and forms plastic that'll last for ages. At the front of the building, the recast concrete lintels are now in place. And there's one addition I wasn't expecting. 'Up top, the old projector room's been rebuilt 'with a roof that sticks out over the facade.' Oh, dear. What on earth is that, eh? And it was all going so well. Gwyn... what's that thing on your roof? What do you mean "thing on my roof"? Object. How you doing? How are you? That object, that lump. "Lump"?! That big box...that nun's wimple. That elegant floating roof, you mean? Diving board. "Diving board"?! A beautiful Edwardian facade with that...box. Yeah, but it'll be rendered white so it will disappear into the sky. On a cloudy day. Cloudy sky, yeah. OK. There's nothing wrong with it. What do you know? THEY LAUGH In the end, it's my opinion versus yours. Yeah? I can give you a hard time. And you come back. It's not like you're insecure about any of these decisions. You're strong about them. I used to be really nervous of how people would judge it, maybe how they'd judge me, especially people in Thorne, and I think I'm past worrying now. I wouldn't say it's new territory for you, but it's... Completely new territory. It is. Completely. What does it look like from the back, then? Let's have a look. Oh! Now we're talking! It's great, isn't it? Do you like it? What's the black spray at the top? That's the waterproofing that's just come over. It looks like a concrete bunker someone's set fire to. HE LAUGHS I think the triumphant elements are the projection holes. We had to pull down the actual original room, but we kept the holes. It was originally designed with loads of little holes all over that wall. Right. A bit like, there's a window that Le Corbusier did... Oh, yeah, I know the one. HE LAUGHS Do you? Do I(?) SHE LAUGHS Imagine if you put more of those in, that it would ever have the same quality. I'll Google it. I'm not ever going to be taken seriously again, am I? 'In order to restore my credentials, 'let me tell you about Le Corbusier, 'perhaps the father of modernism, 'who built extensively in concrete. 'The chapel at Ronchamp in France, 'completed in 1955, 'is almost entirely formed from the stuff, 'perforated with seemingly random, 'deep-set, small windows, 'so it's not incidental that the projector room 'windows remind me of Ronchamp.' What's upstairs on the top floor? I've never been up. All the studwork's done up here. You're ready for your first fix - your wiring and everything? Yeah, we just need to get it watertight. What will this be, Gwyn? The projector room where the original projector was, so it will be the cinema room. HE LAUGHS I normally groan when people say "cinema room", but of all places, of all houses, you've got to have one, haven't you? Yeah. Fantastic. 'Our modernist-inspired concrete home 'with a cinema room is all very exciting, 'especially for Thorne. 'So it's no surprise that the emerging building 'continues to be a talking point.' This is about the town as much as it's about you, isn't it? People now are noticing and talking about it, aren't they? Yeah, to our faces, really positively. I've been told the local community group here consider this building to be rather important. And that you are something of a poster boy. HE LAUGHS I don't think so. That's for others to judge. We'd rather make where we are better than move somewhere else. Freezing conditions in January have brought work on site to a virtual standstill. Only Ian the joiner is toughing it out. We're waiting for the render, basically. It's stopping all the other jobs from happening. We have to put the render on before we put all the... balustrade on, the cladding on, and before we get it all weather-tight, so it's stopping everything, really. This break has allowed them time to think just how far they've come. We knew nothing about architecture, nothing about modernism. We're really pushing our boundaries of what we know in terms of taste, you know. Kate uses these two words, she says, "I want it to be traditional. "It's a bit too modern." I'm like, "What's modern and what's traditional?" But I know what she means - she wants things to feel homely. Concrete wall, OK. Picture of us, brilliant. Homely. As progress slows on site, Gwyn's taking Kate and builder Rich to a factory in Preston to see how his pet project, the hydraulic hanger door, or "Gwyndow" is coming on. The factory usually build aircraft hanger doors and their products have never been used on a house before. What do you reckon to that, Kate? This is the smallest door they've ever made. Unfortunately, it's too small. Those feet will need extending to fit into the concrete that's there now. That angle's all going to want altering. So that angle's not right. Due to a communications breakdown, the factory have been given the wrong dimensions, so they've made the frame to the wrong specifications. The joiners here have pointed out it's not just the size, there are other flaws in Gwyn's idea. There's a few problems with it. It's not thermally broken, so it means that we'll get condensation on the inside. I just went along with it, thinking, "Well, "when it's shut, it'll work," but then you start realising it's all the edges, you can have draughts, and now it just seems like a lot of hard work. HE SIGHS Kate's not very happy about the situation. She just wants to give it up as a bad job. I will put my foot down at the end of the day - if I have to, I will. Cos I've got to live in it. ..The two things. What's that? I'm just saying we need to separate the business of money and us getting a door. But the problem is, at the beginning you convinced me to have this door in the first place, didn't you? Yes. And now it's all falling apart, so I'm a bit like, "Why have it?" It's not the door's falling apart. The door's not made, it can't fall apart. We can solve the problems, Kate. Gwyn is the problem, though! SHE LAUGHS HE SIGHS The Gwyndow situation is unresolved, but there is some good news. The render is at last on and the house is being clad in pine. Softwood isn't normally used for cladding, but this is special. It's called ThermoWood. It's actually pine that's been baked this past 20 years but it's cheaper than larch. It weathers really dark, like a black-brown colour, which we really like. We went to see the Discovery Centre in Cleethorpes and saw it there and it looked absolutely beautiful. If you just look up there, there's the cladding and render and the concrete together - it looks absolutely beautiful. In fact, I always thought it was like a bold house, but it's really pretty. I didn't know it would look as nice as that. It's beautiful, it's a picture. Now watertight, they're starting work on the interiors but face a new dilemma. How do you furnish a concrete home? Jeremy Southgate, who designed the house, is back to inspect the work and to see how Gwyn and Kate will rise to this design challenge. Gwyn and Kate have been fantastic at getting into the spirit of what the house was designed to do. There is a certain way that the weight of the architecture does almost dictate the way you live in the space. The other stuff you need to get in for moving in is the lights and stuff like that. I find that really difficult - lighting. I don't think I've ever bought a decent light in my life. We just went to B&Q; and bought a ?20 lampshade. HE LAUGHS That's what we used to do. Going to get the new, L-shaped sofa in there, and then bring our table from our house in for the dining room, here. When it comes to the interior, Gwyn and Kate seem rather lost. They'll have to find their way and take some cues from the building. It's not my place to impose something on them that I think is the correct thing. At the end of the day, they're living here, not me. Cos we couldn't get the pool table in, we're going to put a mirror ball up there. HE LAUGHS Last time I visited the former cinema in the heart of redbrick Thorne, Gwyn and Kate hadn't a clue how to furnish their concrete home and their landmark house was still shrouded in scaffolding. Wow. Wow! Now the Edwardian cinema front is beautifully restored in every detail, topped off with that rendered white plinth jutting out over the facade. The nun's wimple is still there, though, isn't it? They must be showing The Sound Of Music this week. It's an addition which suggests there is more beyond the brick. Hello! Hi! How are you? Fine, thank you. You all right? You're both very summery and relaxed. In sandals and stuff. Where are the site boots? And hard hats? They've gone now. Yeah. Hey, diving board! Look at it. It's lovely, isn't it? That's a 30 metre, that one. Anyway, do you want to come in? Right. Gwyn and Kate seem quite the masters of their home, completely at ease with its double character and assertive that what they've done here is good. Well, now... You see, I thought you were going to put down a polished concrete floor, just the usual bog-standard grey thing. Right, yeah. I've been working myself into a bit of a lather about that terrazzo, you know, disappearing. But this is really good, isn't it? This is so rarely done. People often polish their concrete. This involves grinding right into the surface and then polishing it up slowly. It is completely smooth and polished. Yeah, yeah. You can see the reflection... I know. Look, across there, like a piece of marble. It's different to this, which is... This approach is basically leave what you find there. Yeah. Complete with shrapnel marks. Yeah. That's great. And it's on the other side as well. Look. I like that. I like that a lot. This is proving worth the admission fee. As in a cinema, these spaces are generous, theatrical. A flawless white kitchen overlooks an uber-fashionable mix of old and new, rough and smooth...wood... ..and concrete. I tell you what, this is monumental, Gwyn. GWYN LAUGHS And in true theatrical style, there has to be a show, provided here not by bifold doors, but the Gwyndow. We did it. This is a piece of engineering! HE LAUGHS I do like the sculptures either side. That's very avant-garde. Yeah. I can't believe you've not pressed the button yet. I daren't! I don't know what do. That one, dude, there. This one? Yeah. Press it! Press it! There you go. Amazing. Where's the theme music? GWYN LAUGHS KEVIN MIMICS THEME MUSIC Takes a while. Yeah, yeah. You put your finger on the button and we'll come back later. I want to go and look at this wall over here. Come on. Are you pleased with this? Yeah. Kate's opinion of concrete has of course changed. Like the appearance of the material itself. I think of this not exactly as frozen velvet, but it's got a kind of... It looks soft. Yeah. It looks softer than what it is. I can't resist touching it. And that has to be a good thing, doesn't? An attractive quality, you know. Rather than just a block of concrete, it's more than that now. This reminds me of the somewhat lavish board-marked concrete I saw at the National Theatre because of the same way it's set against much more luxurious, softer materials. It's actually assumed a luxurious quality itself. Is it up? It's nearly there! There you go, look. Oh, my good lord. You've got to be impressed by that, Kevin, come on. You're a man, come on. I'll tell you when I'm impressed! I'll tell you when I'm impressed! I'm impressed now. Now that it's horizontal, it's suddenly become a roof. Yeah. What a brilliant thing. Against all the odds, Gwyn, Richard and the joiners together made this hydraulic wonder work. No, we're really happy with it. I mean, it was a lot of stress. Something like this requires that bit of extra effort. Yes. Especially when I'm there going, "No, don't do it!" What does it look like from the back? How does the projector room look? Your bit of Corbusier? THEY LAUGH It's all right, isn't it? It's such a building of two halves, this. They've restored the historic front, but out back it's all Hollywood Hills, heralding a new architectural age for Thorne, complete with some Hollywood bling. This is our hydro pool. It's amazing. Oh, I prefer my pool with a few more jets! THEY LAUGH And controls. It looks like you've got a bit of a space shuttle and filled it with water. It is. No, it's great and the kids absolutely love it. Well, I hope it makes you very happy. Thank you! From the start, Gwyn and Kate expressed a lack of confidence in their taste, but no longer. This place is sophisticated. This is a beautiful white kitchen. There's a sort of luxuriousness in this building, you know. The chrome, the white kitchen, the polished floor. There's a kind of... Against the kind of roughness of the concrete. 'Mercifully, not all of the old cinema was demolished. 'Its historic concrete beams are still out on show.' They look like... honed limestone. Oh, you did it! More concrete. Yeah. So where the old stuff leaves off, the new stuff takes over. Yeah. That's right, yeah. A concrete shower! Yeah. A concrete shower. Yes. THEY LAUGH Yeah, he did it. YORKSHIRE ACCENT: Drink Yorkshire tea and take a concrete shower! THEY LAUGH Oh... I think it's a beautiful thing, made more beautiful by the skylight. Raising the wall with that top light. Private breakfast deck. 'This used to be the gallery of the cinema. 'It's now a great vantage point to watch the boys making 'the most of their new garden.' I don't normally say this, but I would like to see your cinema room. It's up there. Beckoning. At the very top of the building is the room where the cinema's projector once stood. With those two big windows at the front and these little ones at the back... Yeah. It's a light room, isn't it? The roofscape of Thorne is actually rather wonderful, with all these old red chimney pots and the old brewery. Yeah. The building is encapsulated here, isn't it? Mm. The old at the front and the new at the back, but at the same time, the history of the place. '46 years after the curtain fell on the Kensington Palace Cinema, 'the building once again has a projector room which, 'alongside so many things here, can continue to entertain. 'Gwyn's ended up with an entry level James Bond villain's lair, 'so I'm interested to know how far they've strayed 'from the constraints of their original ?350,000 budget.' How much did it really, really cost? It cost us 450. For everything. Does that include the cost of the site? Yeah, yeah. Everything? Yeah. Well, that's good! I mean, I can see money like that disappearing into a project like the window. You've got quite a conspicuous building all of a sudden which, you know, is a landmark. People appreciate the fact that, you know, we've been brave and that we've done it here. I love the old bit, you know, that means so much, that we've done that in Thorne, in our home town. We've made it look good again. As a project, as a sort of milestone in your life of achievements, where does this come? Oh, you know, at the top. I mean, I don't know what more a man can do than provide a beautiful home for his family. It's remarkable how at ease these two are with concrete living. It doesn't feel weird at all. Some bits I look at and I go, wow, because it's so nice and it's so new-looking, but it does feel like home. They've pursued a powerful idea here and they've saved a much-loved landmark. Do you think there's a bit of the cinema soul still here? I think so. It's had a happy feeling since the day we unscrewed that board on the front and walked in and it was full of pigeon poo and everything, and there wasn't a bad feeling in here, was there? No. Not at all. That's the point about a cinema, it's a picture house, it's a place... It's to entertain. Yeah. What lovely traits to inherit in a building. What a great premise for future happiness. And of course there's one other thing. Do you know, I never cease to be amazed by the power of buildings to effect change, to change us, to change who we are, to change a place, to change even the fortunes of a place. Hell, we can regenerate towns like this all over Britain one cinema at a time. We need more Gwyns and Kates to go on their own all-action architectural adventure. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 