Grand Designs: Season 13, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Designs 
 s13e6 - Monmouthshire - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Designs (1999–…): Season 13, Episode 6 - Monmouthshire - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Moving to another culture, another country, can be a wrench, especially when that move is permanent, when you decide to live there, so, imagine if you're Japanese, moving to the UK. How do you stave off the homesickness? Well, I suppose, you could listen to lots of Japanese music on a Japanese stereo, you could get your husband to get up as a samurai warrior, or you could build yourself a permanent, living testament to your homeland. Something you can enjoy every day. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You could build yourself a state-of-the-art Japanese home. HE SPEAKS JAPANESE Japan is a land of intrigue and mystery that has captured the imagination of the West for centuries. It captivated professor of experimental physics Nigel Hussey, who met his wife Tamayo here 16 years ago. I was working in Tokyo and I was invited to a party. I met my friends there, and just as they opened the door to the party, I saw Tamayo there, dancing. At that moment, I kind of plotted her downfall! I'm not sure that's a good way to describe it! HE LAUGHS An hour out of Tokyo is this small town, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 set in a blue plum and cherry tree forest. Hey! Konichiwa! It's here that Tamayo grew up in a traditional Japanese home, the style of which she and Nigel would like to reproduce in Britain. It's all made of wood and paper. It's very fragile and very delicate. So simple, too. Yeah. That's partly because, in an earthquake-prone country, it makes sense to build with lightweight materials. Many houses in Japan are only expected to last 20 years or so, but still, great pride and care is taken in making them. The key elements are tatami, or straw mats, fusuma, or sliding doors, and ornamental room dividers, or ranma. THEY SPEAK IN JAPANESE I think, for a Japanese person, the integrity of the house is in the interior, where they really take a lot of effort to get the detailing right. The finishes on the corners, the clean lines, everything about the interior, and it's also the relationship to the outside, are what excites us about Japanese architecture. When they left Japan 14 years ago, they decided to live somewhere that would remind them of Tamayo's hometown. And so they moved to Wales. It was in the Wye Valley in the Welsh borders that they found a plot for £375,000. I say "plot" - it was a house. A simple, damp dwelling, that they felt they could improve on for them and their son. It was cold, miserable, and poorly built, with small windows. How could they not improve on that? What are your ambitions for this place? We're building a very contemporary house, but with rather traditional Japanese elements. So there's going to be a single room downstairs with sliding doors, and on the top floor, a Japanese bathhouse, which has an outdoor bath. Wow! What are you going to do here? Does this go completely? I call it a decapitation of the house. We're cutting off this big roof and building upwards into the canopy. It's not going to look like, you know, an adapted brick-built chalet bungalow? No, no! Well, that is not the aspiration here. Nigel and Tamayo's true ambition is to bring Japan to Wales and build a Japanese-influenced home for their family. In true samurai fashion, they're going to behead their old masonry house, but keep the first floor and walls to save some money. On top of this, they'll build the house up out of timber panels in Welsh-grown Japanese larch wood, adding two storeys. The whole thing then gets a wrap of insulation and more Japanese larch cladding, transforming it into a 21st-century woodland home. Inside, the traditional arrangement of pokey, small rooms, disappears. Instead, they'll install large windows throughout, and a much more open-plan arrangement, with a well-lit kitchen and dining area facing east. To one side of the living area, Nigel and Tamayo will construct the heart of this home, a Japanese tatami room fitted with all the authentic features that Tamayo will recognise. Paper sliding doors and straw mats. On the first floor, there'll be four bedrooms, one bathroom, and a small roof deck. The second floor will be home to the other big Japanese idea in the building, a large roof terrace fitted with a traditional outdoor wooden bath, along with a Japanese shower room and study. The design is for a wooden, woodland box of a house, suited to its setting. Unlike the house they've got at the moment. The brick house doesn't work in a forest, for me. I think our design works far more better with cladding. We're going to try and use a timber that's not actually been used before for a domestic property in the UK. Which is? Japanese larch. Japanese larch is lightweight and hard-wearing. It grows in the UK, but its high silica content means it blunts saw blades and it's tricky to mill. Its poor reputation means that our construction industry has forgotten about larch in Britain. So Nigel and Tamayo are setting a brave, experimental example here. It's not common in this country yet, to use Japanese larch for timber frames or cladding, but, why not? Yeah, yeah. Is it as durable as European larch is? Oh, yeah, durability is not an issue. Strength might be an issue. And you want to use it structurally as well? We're going to use it for both the timber frame and for the cladding. So are you doing this because you miss home, or because you miss Japan? Which is it? Sort of both, maybe. Yes. So how much is it going to cost you to do this? We have a budget, including everything, of about £175,000. OK, and who's come up with that? Is that your architect, or a quantity surveyor, or..? That's what I came up with, because that's what we can afford. OK. Our architect at the time said, "You can't do it for that." Your architect said that? Normally, they're incredibly optimistic. We actually had to part company at the point of, er... our budgets diverging. Yeah, yeah. But you're still using the detailed drawings? No, well, we only had the planning drawings. I can't quite believe they're taking on a project this complicated without an architect. Not only that, the early costs for the project were £326,000. They've got roughly half that. To save money, they're doing as much as they can themselves. We're essentially project managing, doing the financial management of this project. OK, yes. With experience of doing that before? Is that something you..? No. No. I've built kitchen cabinets before. Does that count? No. There aren't that many people who kind of go into project management and construction, having costed it themselves and then having not built before, and, you know, taking the whole thing on. That is... that is right out there. If that weren't extreme enough, they've got to live in a mobile home on site until they finish, which will hopefully be nine months from now. In November, they start decapitating their old house. Nigel wants it done in a sensitive, Zen fashion. He wants to recycle as much as he can. Of course, yeah, demolition creates a huge amount of waste. By doing it in this softly-softly way, we're able to pick apart and preserve, and each element we want to keep, we can at least have control over. Reusing materials might also help with their tight £175,000 budget. But the British wrecking crew don't do Japanese minimalist destruction. Right, we're sort of deconstructing, basically. We started off being quite delicate and wanting to save tiles and everything, and in the end, you wonder whether it's all worth it. I'm been very delicate with this one, because it's going in my basement. Nigel's keen to keep as many of the shingle tiles as he can to re-use as cladding for a garden pavilion. That's not working either. I saved one for you, Nige! There you go. Put that on the wall. The thing is, to get them out whole, or anything like whole, is so much work, because they're so well nailed in. And you can see a lot of them are split. My idea was we could just peel them off one by one, intact. I realise now there's no way you could prise off individuals. So we've had a lot more debris. We've not done this kind of thing before. We dive in, we have a look, you see where you're going. Despite his best intentions, Nigel's saved around 400 out of 4,000 shingles. His recycling drive to save money isn't going well. Two weeks later, it gets worse, when his plan to recycle the old building is shot to pieces. His newly appointed main contractor has had to tear down the rotten first floor joists and some of the walls, leaving only three. They're being replaced with sturdier block work to support the new timber frame. We've took out all of the existing floor joists. They were supposed to have remained, but now we're putting in a complete new floor right through the whole building. I would rather have seen the project taken down completely and then rebuilt in probably a timber frame structure. As it stands, the extra work to replace the joists on walls will cost Nigel £10,000. A lot of people have said as we've been going through the demolition, you know, it would have been easier just to knock the whole thing down and start again from scratch. Barely a month in, and already it's going the wrong way - horribly. And it's not going to get any easier. This is the sort of complicated job that really needs some professional help, or at the very least, a comprehensive set of drawings. When you commission a house to be built for you, there's a sort of standard operating procedure for the design work. It starts out with some sketches, discussions, maybe a model, something loose and vague, out of which eventually come the planning drawings, which form the basis for the detailed drawings. By the time you've finished, you have a sheaf of drawings this thick, 98% of which are all about the junctions and the details, the meeting of different materials and the fixings, yeah? Whereas, Nigel has one drawing, which was produced for planning, and, um... ..that's it. The forests of the Welsh Borders seem the appropriate place to build a wooden home, but Nigel and Tamayo are learning that building a house is no straightforward DIY project. Nigel has never built anything in his life but, as a professor of experimental physics, he is expert at problem-solving. And those coefficients are linked. While Tamayo is a local teacher of ikebana, a sort of minimalist Japanese flower arranging. It is very important to have Japanese elements in our house, because that reminds us of our time in Japan. The most distinctive of those elements is the timber they've chosen for the frame - Japanese larch. It first came to Britain in the mid-19th century as part of a fad for exotic trees, and it's now grown all over. It's never really been used for building houses here until now. This is a brave and exciting step into the unknown, so Nigel and Tamayo are visiting a local forest to see their larch being felled by a Swiss Army knife of a machine. 60 years of growth and in two minutes it's chopped up into slices like salami. It's extraordinary. The first reason that attracted us to it was of course the name. We thought, "Well, this would be an obvious choice." But then we delved into it and realised that actually it's not an obvious choice, at least for the timber frame industry. And for many reasons it has just been turned into things like pallets and fencing. The strength of Japanese larch varies significantly from tree to tree. It also costs three times as much as imported spruce because of the difficulties in milling it. Nigel has paid ?13,500 upfront for this larch, which I find staggering, because he doesn't even know if it strong enough to use structurally in his house. So he is seeking reassurance from a wood expert. How brave is Nigel in using it? We haven't really done enough strength testing on larch. It's a brave, risky step to take. It's much easier to go with imported spruce, because everyone knows about that. But there is a better reason to use Japanese larch. There's a lot of it around, thanks to a disease, Phytophthora ramorum, which is tearing through the Japanese larch population in Britain. We've got the biggest larch forest outside of Russia. 140,000 hectares of larch, we've got. Good grief! In Britain. And is it all coming down because of this disease? Yeah, probably. This explains why people like the National Trust have been felling entire estates of larch. Yeah, they're really worried. Yeah. If this works, Nigel and Tamayo will make history and set an example of what to do with the millions of tonnes of healthy larch timber currently being felled preventively. They will change our perception of larch. But before they can use it in their home, it needs to be strength tested at a local sawmill. First and foremost, we want to have a structurally sound house. We've come on site today to strength-grade the timber and find out if it's good enough for the build. This is quite a critical stage because we are essentially going into the unknown a bit. Wood strength is measured in its C numbers. C16 is standard for structural timber. Nigel and Tamayo need their Japanese larch to be at least C24. It'll be disastrous if it is not strong enough, because Nigel has already spent ?13,500 on it. They weigh each piece, test its moisture content and plug the figures into a computer. So 10,000 is around C24. Shall I get the other end? Yeah. They keep testing the wood, only to get the shock of a lifetime. They've discovered superwood. This is an extraordinarily strong piece of timber. We've got a reading of over C50 class. Absolutely delighted and it's beautiful. I mean, the smell of it is gorgeous, the look of it is gorgeous and I feel a deep sense of relief, but also wonder, actually, at the beauty and strength of this wood. This is ground-breaking news. But with it comes a bittersweet irony. They are two months in and they have to save ?10,000, thanks to the extra reconstruction work on the ground floor. They need to compromise somewhere. The original idea was to have an entire timber frame constructed out of larch, but unfortunately this is a project also based on budget. They've decided to use a mix of Japanese larch and cheaper spruce, brought all the way from Scandinavia. It is strange. The local source is more expensive than importing from Scandinavia. It's just the way at the moment. All things considered, we believe it was the right decision. Take the Japanese larch as far as we could at this stage and keep within budget and on schedule. It's not a disaster, though. Nigel will use the spruce sparingly for the exterior frame, while using larch for the internal partitions in the cladding. The first challenge of today is getting the timber frame cassettes, the walls of the house, up and over the 11,000-volt electric cable. I must say that the man who is doing the crane work is amazing. Yes! Successfully lifted, the crew wastes no time putting up the cassettes. It's a relatively cheap, quick and simple system. To make the walls, they slide the squares into place and glue and pin them together. It takes barely three hours to lay out the first-floor frame on top of the old house. It's amazing. From drawing, now we've got a three-dimensional wall. It's... ..amazing. Two weeks later, the timber frame reaches full height. It's only now that Tamayo and Nigel's vision of Japanese woodland living takes on its full woody form. I don't think many of us would choose to live in a forest, would we? They are dark, confusing and oppressive places, after all. But I think that's because we tend to experience them at ground level, deep within them. Whereas a building like this can do something magical. A building like this can lift us up into the canopy. For a man who's never project-managed, let alone built before, I'm rather impressed that Nigel got this up in barely three months, but ikebana, this isn't. No precision Japanese workmanship here, and I'm not surprised, with no architect to oversee it. Downstairs, where the timber frame meets the existing building, there's been a big cock-up. The new frame doesn't line up with the old walls. So how come they measured that opening wrong? This is unusual in the sense that we've essentially plonked a timber frame on top of the existing building, and the timber frame company took the dimensions as they were given. We had the architectural plans of the house from about 1991, so about 20 years ago. So they were utterly inaccurate. They were utterly inaccurate. So when it came to be plonked on, we find that it's 15cm out, so we had this interesting dogleg of the double height window, which would be a complete disaster. So they are going to build up the left-hand side of the studwork. Architects train for seven years full-time to anticipate this kind of problem. Nigel and Tamayo, meanwhile, are trying to muddle through with no detailed drawings, fixing problems as they occur. Which can be expensive and laden with compromise. It's an approach that perplexes the men who turned up to fit the high-performance doors and windows when Nigel's stuck in the lab. It was overloading, so... There isn't an architect for the job, so there's no planning, there's no details, there's not really anybody project-managing it. Nigel is, but he's not here full-time. THUNDERCLAP The heavens opening is a timely reminder that Nigel is building a house in one of the wettest climates in Europe. It's also a reminder that he's built the terrace completely flat, so water won't drain off it. Fixing the problem is a pain. They have to build an additional slope into the floor and take off all the already fitted terrace doors. The window installers have had to on two or three occasions, put the window in, take the windows out, take the pressings out, adjust the height, put the pressings back in, put the windows back in. We are thinking, we buy windows and they install windows for us. We prepare box and finish. It's just so simple, we thought, but it was simple at all. Nigel is doing the best he can without a professional to guide him. But staggering from problem to problem is no way to either build a house or remain calm and dignified. Well, there's a bit of slapping forehead with hand like this. We've probably had two or three of these incidents where things have cropped up and so far I think the solutions have worked. There's been nothing irreversible. But my underlying fear is that there is going to be something along the way that is going to turn out to be... well, a large calamity. For experimental physicist Professor Nigel Hussey, house building is a quantum leap beyond anything he's done before. His approach to construction is proving as experimental as his work. He has no detailed drawings and it's driving the contractors nuts. I put my hands up and apologise again for leading a few people down a merry path, but I think the results on the windows look fantastic. Nigel wants to thank everyone, Japanese-style, so he's throwing a sushi and sake party. Thanks a lot. It's a new and disturbing experience for the Welsh builders. The first sushi, yeah. I don't think I'll having that wasabi sauce again either. LAUGHTER BLEEP. Jesus! HE COUGHS Nigel's judgment on the project hasn't always been the best. Giving raw fish to Welsh builders is one of his more minor mistakes. But, faithfully following the original architect's plan to break up the uniformity of the cladding is a masterstroke. Looks wonderful. I can't wait to see the combination of horizontal and vertical stick together. Japanese larch is very, very durable, thanks to its high resin content, so it doesn't need to be treated to survive the worst weather that Wales has to throw at it. 'A week of sawing, fitting and nailing and the cladding is on.' So you have now the two boxes. One with cladding running that way and running that way inter-penetrating, with glazing, all-in. When the cladding first went on, it started to look like a sauna, look like a log cabin. Yes. Then, when you put the two together, the horizontal and the vertical, it becomes architectural and it's kind of weird how having those two at right angles to each other has taken it away from being that simple log cabin construction. So, it works, yeah? Yeah, it works. A big relief, really, cos this was a key moment in terms of the architectural look of the build. It looks great, doesn't it? But closer inspection reveals evidence of a ghastly problem. Nigel hasn't installed anything to throw rain off the building above the windows so water can track under the cladding and into the house around the window frames. 'He's tried to bodge a remedy for this using silicon.' I just wish Nigel had thought about this detail up here a little bit more beforehand. HE SIGHS I believe in design, in working things out with a pencil beforehand, which is really efficient and really cheap as opposed to Nigel's method of using raw materials in situ. Which is called "making it up as you go along." Where is he? Oh, there you are. Pretty cladding. Beautiful cladding. Yes. Beautiful cladding. On a day like today, the rain, when it's running down the face and hits that junction between cladding and window at the top there... at the moment it's siliconed in there. It's all we've got. That silicon is not going to hold up... Last the course. Not for ever. I did look a couple of weeks ago at another timber-clad building and I noticed that there was... A little overthrow. Yeah. A tiny, little overthrow would do it, something popping out at an angle. The trouble is, at the moment, it's very tight at the top, so if we were to put one in, somehow we'd have to open that cladding up. So that's a cladding detail and that's not resolved for the very simple reason that... there were never any drawings. There were never any drawings for this type of detail. No. As had often been the case here, it's a case of just us sort of sitting around for half an hour, thinking about the different possible solutions. Silicon is a cheap and short-term solution outdoors. After several days' reflection, to protect his beautiful Japanese home, Nigel rightly invests in some overthrows. These are little slices of cleverly profiled wood that are slotted at an angle above the windows to throw the water off the building but it would have been easier to put them in before they put the cladding from. Doing it retrospective is very, very difficult. It's fiddly. It's going to end up nearly five days' additional works. Brett's got 25 windows to alter. He has to cut the slot for each overthrow by eye and hold the saw steady to avoid damaging the window frame. SAW WHIRS Oh, BLEEP. I caught it with a circular saw blade. Missed all the essential parts. It's all still there. HE LAUGHS While Brett's men plasterboard the inside, Nigel and Tamayo start thinking about the Japanese room. It can't be bodged or made up on the spot and, to remind Tamayo of home, it has to be authentic. Because we can't just but this sort of stuff in the UK, the only chance we do have is now, is to go to Japan. Nine hours, nine time zones and one sleepless night later, Nigel and Tamayo arrive. Their first stop is a famous antiques market in Kawagoe, two hours outside Tokyo. It's not long before Nigel finds a pair of beautifully carved vintage ranma. In very good condition. Around ?40 for two, it's amazing. Basically, these fit above the doors so they used them for ventilation. About 60 years old. What could be a better way to stave off homesickness than by incorporating venerable Japanese objects into your house? I think this is a great start. A very good start. This is a great start. Nigel and Tamayo don't want to buy everything from the antiques market. So precious is their Japanese room, they want to commission their own elements for it from master craftsmen. We came to see fusuma for our sliding doors for Japanese room. Fusuma are wooden rectangular frames covered with fabric or paper. They're used as room dividers or as sliding doors. Nigel and Tamayo wanted craftsmen and they've found one. HE SPEAKS JAPANESE When he was 15 years old he started this job, so for 55 years, he's doing this job. The average time people spend and then train themselves, it takes more than ten years. Shaving thin paper with this fine precision is delicate work. But his speed and confidence make it seem effortless. The charm for Nigel and Tamayo is it will be bespoke to them. It's not something we bought off the internet. And, yes, it will put you in touch... That's right. ..With your hometown. Their last visit is to a tatami maker. Tatami are rice-straw mats covered with woven rush and they're an essential part of any Japanese home. Nigel's spending ?400 on this. The smell is very special, a unique smell of the straw. As a floor material, it's very forgiving, it's lovely to walk on, you can lie down on it. I think without the tatami, it would be difficult to get the feel right for that room. 'Back in Britain, in July, 'eight months into Nigel and Tamayo's nine-month project, 'it's full steam ahead.' Busy day today. There are joiners here, furniture makers, decorators, plumbers, tilers, and also Japanese things, as well. 'Like the Japanese-style bath 'that Nigel's ordered from Holland, 'which is being lifted up to the second floor.' A bit more. 'It's a free-for-all as everyone chips in to get it onto the roof terrace.' Take it down now. I'm glad we didn't hire a crane. Absolutely. 'How magical to have a wood-fired outdoor bath 'up amongst the trees here.' This has been the icing on the cake. In Japan, is this conventional? Do most people have an outside hot tub? No, it's very rare to have this type of outside...tub in a private house. It's a very luxury thing to have. This is actually the single most expensive item in the whole build. This was just under four grand. HE GASPS No expense is being spared on the Japanese elements. To install them properly, Nigel's found one of the few companies in the UK who can fit out a Japanese room. They're installing the sliding paper doors, or shoji. The floor here will be covered in their green straw matting. Lots of Japanese love to sit on, also lying on the tatami mat, like the same as your sofa, a comfy sofa, when you arrive to your house. I'm really looking forward to this. It's the very low window. Am I allowed in here when this is done? Take your shoes off and come in. How else do I need to prepare for the tatami experience? We've deliberately made the height of these sliding doors such that you bow, that they're lower than our doors, so you have to... there's a reverence to the Japanese room as well, that we have to essentially... Bow. We'll be sitting here on two thrones as you come in... HE LAUGHS The Japanese garden will be through there. Oh, yeah? Yeah, through the rubble. The Japanese brick garden(!) SHE LAUGHS A modern interpretation of the Japanese garden. All you need to do to that is rake it. It'll look lovely(!) THEY LAUGH So, this tatami room... I had thought it would provide a spectacle like the centrefold from an Interiors magazine, but I now thing it'll be much more of an experience I haven't had before. That combination of authenticity, craftsmanship, beauty, a thousand years of heritage, light diffused through a paper screen or spilling through the slats of a sliding wall. The smell... the tea, the sounds of it. It all offers, doesn't it, the tantalising temptation of a tatami tea-time. Up above the Wye Valley in the wooded Welsh borders, Nigel and Tamayo have persisted. Despite an unconventional approach, despite their lack of experience and restricted budget, they have won. They have pretty well finished. That little house in the woods was so dank and dismal, now, with any luck, it's been transformed into a perfect little magical wooden box. There it is. Poking out of the trees. And, you see, that would sit well in any forest anywhere on the planet - in the Alps, in the Japanese hills... in the Welsh borders. This is Nigel and Tamayo's modest cabin in the woods, tucked away in the trees. It is remarkable that they built it for less than ?200,000. It's a simple but effective piece of architecture. Don't forget these guys are pioneers, championing the use of UK-grown Japanese larch. The timber is really very good, crisscrossing the building and every plank connects this house to its setting. Hello. Hello. Hi, Kevin. Nice to see you. How are you? Look at you in your glad rags, the pair of you. Your house is looking quite delightful. How do you feel about it? The whole journey and experience was... stressful, but... it's kind of like - "We did it!" That's good. It surprised you. It does still stop me in my tracks. You know, it's... The visual of it in its setting still gets me, still grabs me. You will know this from experience, but the amount of effort required to finish a building to this level of detail and to do it well, and to even finish the blinking thing, is extraordinary. I don't know how you've done it. I know, we all look back and think how the heck did we do that. I'm sort of still waiting for something to go wrong. Still waiting for the building to, kind of... Don't lean against the wall. Oh, no! Don't lean against the wall! But the bodgeries of the past are behind them. The old poky forester's cottage interior has been opened up into airy space - simple and elegant. But what makes this in more than just a modest, pretty house are the Japanese bits, which start with Tamayo's Ikebana display. That's your work? That's my work. I think it's just a good balance with the big sliding doors. And then on the journey down the corridor, there is this, which looks magical. Can we go in through the... Round window. Well, yeah. And the square gate. How does it slide? To the right. Isn't that lovely? That's exquisite. Welcome to the tatami room. It has beautifully crafted paper sliding screens. It has hand carved beech frames, a very low rectangular window, and the green tatami straw mats. It is otherworldly, ordered, and magical. And it's the last thing you'd expect to find in rural Wales. There's no furniture in here - just three cushions. So you kneel. You kneel on the cushions, it is all very low - obviously, with the low window. It smells extraordinary. Like a...field. The smell of new tatami mats is something I do remember from my childhood. I used to lie down and do roly-poly and then just...just smell, enjoy the smell very much. This must be very nostalgic for you. Very powerful. Mm. It's clearly a hit with Tamayo, but this room isn't just about evoking memories of Japan. It serves a number of practical purposes too. You're thinking of having flower arranging classes in here. Yeah, I'd love to. And you've set various lights in here which can be moved around so you can have different lighting. I can imagine nothing more exciting than learning Ikebana in this room. This is an incredibly multifunctional room. It's a sleeping room - a guest room for sleeping. Tea room. Ikebana classroom. I think maybe we should all have a tatami room in our house. Isn't it remarkable that out of the chaos of building work they've wrangled a room this precise and delicate. But what have they done with their piles of brick rubble in the garden? Oh, they've gone! Yeah. They transformed into an extraordinary miniature landscape of hills. It's fantastic! Isn't it? Mm! Are you pleased? Yes, it's like a miniature of Wye Valley. Of the Wye Valley. Also my hometown's Tama valley too. Ah, OK, yeah, yeah, which is very steeply sided, isn't it? I like the little val-deri wandering path... Well done, Nigel! ..disappearing over the pass into the next verdant valley. But it's not all Zen gardens and straw mats, the rest of the ground floor is given over to open plan Western living. This is all very generously organised, and so different to the dank place it was thanks to the glazing. A significant part of this building is glass. Windows reflect the forest. They bring the forest in. It's a connection that only grows in intensity, the higher up you go. The stylish first floor looks right out onto a wall of variegated green. The top floor is up in the canopy, and the privacy this brings has allowed them to build a little world of Japanese indulgence. This looks entrancing. This is our attempt at a Japanese bathhouse. Two hot rails, two stools, and two little bowls and showers. Two matching showers. This is really prepare yourself for the bath. Is that right? You shower first, to clean yourself. We do. Such a civilised idea. If you are going to share a bath with somebody, get clean first! In Japan, it is traditional to bathe naked in the company of others. In Britain, not so much. So, I'm being modest, if that's all right. For the sake of modesty, we are all wearing...bathing costumes. So, sit on here... and then do your showering. Everything is just there. Do you not find it easier to do this is standing up, Nigel? Or have you been inducted? I'd want it up here. To stand underneath. No? When you've done your hair, fill this up... Watching a grown man shower on a miniature stool is all part of the surreal Japanese experience this house has to offer. Almost as surreal as sitting up in the canopy in a wood-fired Japanese bath. To rebuild their old home into this, to provide such a surreal experience, has cost Nigel and Tamayo ?200,000. 25,000 more than they expected. We're skint. Absolutely skint now. Er, but... But you are rich beyond measure, in other ways. Mm. Beans on toast now, every day. Beans on toast. We started to think, "OK, let's go." We've got the money, just about we think, to create vision the architect's gave us. Let's go with that, and see how far we get. This sounds like a brilliantly wrought justification for making it up as you go along. Well, we don't know any other way. No. I don't know if I'd recommend it, because it comes with its own stresses, and points along the road where you think, "What have we done? We haven't thought this through." Is there a little surprise that building has thrown at you which you enjoy? HE SIGHS Actually, the biggest surprise was the rooftop. The view from there across the trees is something we never dreamt of. The biggest thing I like is something I couldn't get in this country before - having a hot tub, and having Japanese space in this country. And feel closer to my family and friends in Japan. Bringing Japan to Wales is of course a supremely romantic gesture, and for that Nigel and Tamayo should be applauded. I have to say I truly thought they would experience more trouble on the way - that the result would be more compromised. So, how is it, I hear you ask... How is it possible that a couple with no experience, not very much money, and not very much in the way of drawings, get to finish such a beautiful, elegantly detailed building. Well, I think the answer partly lies in inheriting a pre-existing building with a slab and some walls. It partly lies in choosing the cassette build-method, which allows you to work from the outside in, and keep the building watertight. It lies in selecting a range of windows that are pretty standard, and for that matter, in finishing the inside of the building in a straightforward, simple way. Oh, and then there is "ganbatte" - the Japanese word for can-do attitude. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 