Grand Designs: Season 13, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Grand Designs 
 s13e9 - Newbury - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Grand Designs (1999–…): Season 13, Episode 9 - Newbury - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is flint. It's a stone which is really common in this part of the world, which is rural Berkshire. And it's a material which man has been using in construction since the Iron Age. It's sort of fallen from favour now as a building material, but there is one couple who've bought a farm down there behind me who want to revive it. They want to exploit its local distinctiveness and bring a little bit of rustic bling to their new farmhouse. When I say "farmhouse", that suggests images of a rosy-cheeked farmer's wife 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 bringing scones from the warm oven to the table in a mud-splattered kitchen, surrounded by 15 dogs. But it doesn't have to be like that. 'Phil Palmer and Michael Butcher were die-hard Londoners. 'They'd been loft dwellers in the heart of the city for 11 years.' Can we have two lattes, please? 'Phil ran a successful marketing research consultancy 'and Michael was the chief editor of a celebrity gossip magazine.' She's looking old. Oh, she's not looking good. Doing a Britney. 'But around the time when Phil developed a medical condition 'which affected his vocal cords, 'they'd already started thinking about a change of scenery.' We'd done a lot of the things we'd set out to do in London. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We'd sort of hit a point in our careers where the big challenges had kind of disappeared. 'Three years ago, they thought they'd found what they were 'looking for when they fell in love with Christmas Farm, near Newbury. 'Smitten, they took the surprising decision to move - lock, 'stock and barrel, to the country and commute into London.' We planned on change, but not of this magnitude, really. I think the important thing was that we're two individuals who are willing to take a bit of a risk. 'It was a bigger commitment than either of them had bargained for. 'There was an agricultural tie on Christmas Farm, 'meaning whoever lived there had to earn their living from the land. 'Phil and Michael had to give up their urban media jobs and 'become fulltime turkey farmers. 'It's a completely new life.' I get up at the time I used to go to bed now. 'Two years later, after a very steep learning curve, 'they're still finding their way. 'Feeling that turkey farming was ruining their Christmas, they took 'the inventive step of deciding to rear rare breed livestock instead.' There he goes. Look at this! Stampede! 'Now, they've decided it's time for another of life's great changes. 'The uninspiring Alpine timber chalet 'that serves as their farmhouse has got to go.' Hello. Hello. Hello there. I'm Phil. Hello, Phil. I'm Michael. How are you? Pleased to meet you. This is um...rural Berkshire. Yeah. With a touch of Finland there. Yeah! Yeah, it does look like it was built by a serial killer in...Alaska. LAUGHTER It's not right here. No. Functionally, it doesn't work as a farmhouse. And all the windows are small and the ceilings are low and there's this tight...sort of oppressiveness. 'Instead, Phil and Michael want an ultra-contemporary farmhouse, 'unlike anything the area has seen before.' So what is the 21st-century smallholding farmhouse? What does that look like? The original brief to the architect was glass box. That's what we're looking for. Is that a hark back to your glamorous urban life? Basically, yes! It is actually, yeah. So, what makes it a farmhouse, as opposed to a house in the countryside? The way the house is designed. The lower level is very much about the farm. It's got storage, it's got office space, it's got a seed propagating room. And the upper level is about us living. OK. Open plan, modern, ultramodern, minimalist. There'll be quite a split. A vertical division. Yeah. Absolutely. Work and party. A bit of urban glam. Yeah. On the smallholding. Yeah. 'Phil and Michael's new home is certainly going to be 'radically different from the big wooden chalet it replaces. 'Their 21st-century farmhouse will have two distinct layers, 'where the bottom half is dedicated to agriculture. 'There'll be two entrances that'll sit side by side. 'One, the farm entrance, will lead into a boot room and wet room 'where Phil and Michael can leave all the mud from the farm behind. 'From here, they can cross the hall into a generous sized farm office. 'A seed and root store will separate the office from the house's only 'guest bedroom and bathroom, all sitting under a grass covered roof. 'In absolute contrast, the formal front door will lead to 'a hallway and up the stairs to a dramatic and minimalist open space. 'On this first floor, 'three rooms would be set at three different heights, 'following the slope of the hill 'and linked by a ramp running the entire length of the house. 'At the lower end, a high ceilinged bedroom will 'accommodate their outsize four-poster bed. 'At the top end will sit a kitchen, opening on to a garden. 'Between the two, a giant loft-like living-cum-party room will fill 'the void, lit by a vast parallelogram glass window which will 'slide across an enormous facade of flint cladding. 'That'll be dramatic. 'To top it all off, following the lie of the land, 'the black rubber roof will crank over a diagonal axis. 'This building will serve two masters and two identities - 'that of working farm and glamorous home. 'But to live in their radical new farmhouse, 'they still have to make a success of the farm itself.' You have to farm the land, but it also has to justify itself, in terms of production. You can't pretend, as it were. Exactly. It has to pay for the upkeep of the house. Yeah, yeah. But the cost of the new house can't be met from income off the land, I'm guessing, which sort of begs the question, how do you manage to then afford to do all of this? We've got a house in London, which we're going to sell. Oh, I see. That will hopefully sell for around a million-ish. Wow! How much will this thing cost to build? It's going to cost us around 400-ish. And how much did you buy the whole thing for? 750. OK. So... We've spent all our money. Yeah! You're not going to have a mortgage, though. No. No. 'With spring on the way, 'Phil and Michael have found a buyer who will pay them four grand 'and take away the prefab chalet that's sitting on the site.' We ended up putting it on eBay. We get some cash, we get rid of the house. It's really good to see it coming down. It's actually happening and we are finally homeless, which... We're living in the caravan now, which is great. Being in the caravan gives you a really good end goal to play for. I just hope it's quick. Yeah, exactly. 'Now, every day for what is scheduled to be at least a year, 'Phil and Michael must run the farm while living in a caravan, 'at the same time as overseeing a complicated building project 'that'll consume every waking moment.' It's going to be minus three tonight. You're joking. Freezing. It's a bit cold, isn't it? It's doing that thing where it's hot up here and cold down there. Yeah, I know. 'Painfully, they live in the caravan for six 'months before the project even starts. 'It's late summer by the time they finally sell their London home 'and can eventually break ground.' There we go. First dig. That is amazing. It's just brilliant. You missed a bit! LAUGHTER 'Phil and Michael have agreed a fixed price contract, so 'if it's not finished on schedule, their builder pays a penalty. 'They may not be building themselves, 'but they'll have enough on their hands working on their 40-acre smallholding and fulfilling the agricultural tie. 'Remarkably, they're also turning their hands to another 'occupation they've never tried before. 'They're investing every remaining penny they have in a microbrewery.' So this is malt? This is malt, yup. 'They've installed these small wooden vats in the barn.' That's very beautiful. It's almost the colour of lager, isn't it? Yeah. And that's the golden one. Cheers. Oh, wow! Cheers. That's got a kind of...a real tang, hasn't it? Am I drinking the first batch? Yes. Am I really? You guys can brew! LAUGHTER Thank God for that! Mm! 'There's a lot at stake. 'If this venture fails, they simply won't be able to or allowed 'to live in their radical new house under construction next door. 'Six weeks later, the entire hill has been excavated 'and in late autumn, the contractor pours the concrete slab.' It's exciting seeing something solid go in. It feels like there's some building happening now. It's nice having the big thing. That's nice. That's kind of exciting. 'The success of Phil 'and Michael's new business is by no means guaranteed. 'Meanwhile, their fabulously concocted building project is 'moving unstoppably forward, swallowing money. 'You have to admire their bottle.' Down on the farm, Phil and Michael are now as accustomed to the outdoors life as the rare breeds they rear. The animals and the brewery they started occupy them round the clock, seven days a week. And all the while, the steel frame of the new building is rising inexorably, taking on the house's unusual, irregular shape. It's an extraordinary, mind-boggling puzzle, this, isn't it? Yeah. Each one of those purlins is a different shape and a different angle. It's very, very exciting. What surprises me about this, I can tell you, is the shape. It lurches, cos that is so steep. Yeah. 'Now the frame's up, 'the configuration of the first floor is clearly defined. 'This storey steps up the hill 'across three dramatic changes of level 'with a sloped ramp to link them rising three metres in all.' It's mad! If you drop a can of baked beans in the kitchen, it'll roll down through the window and smash. We could throw it through the glass, yeah. It's going to be very, very powerful. You know what it sort of reminds me of, in a bizarre way, are those very big agricultural kit steel-frame barns you get as open sheds. We're on an agricultural site, it is an agricultural building. Mm-Hm. Except... Right, except that the traditional farmhouse, which people still build and still use, with the kitchen in the middle and the animals and the dogs, that way of life is not what you're recreating here, is it? That happens downstairs, all that farm stuff. That's...90% farm. The first floor is party. Well, I hope so. HE LAUGHS You've got to enjoy yourself sometime, you know. I think this design might be just too pristine and minimalist to really be a farmhouse. I mean, is it...that truly 21st-century exemplar that integrates the everyday farm life into the architecture, or is it the urban loft placed on top of the farm office? Farming is so...immersive. It's going to be almost impossible to keep that upstairs clean - the mud will migrate. Is your place going to have a little arbour like this? No. No, I don't think so. Or a weather vane? It could do. No. No love seat then? BOTH: No. 'To investigate whether you really can maintain separation 'between a farmhouse and farm living, 'we've come to visit one of Phil and Michael's neighbours 'in her traditional farmhouse kitchen.' Hello. Hello, Dawn. Hi, Kevin. How are you? Who's this? This is Pumpkin Pie. Is it terrestrial? Pumpkin! It's a little pony. You all live in here, do you? Animals, people, horses, all under one roof? Most of the time, yes. LAUGHTER 'Inhabited by domestic animals, 'the traditional farm kitchen is a halfway house 'between nature outside and civilisation inside. 'Every element I see here 'has been honed by centuries of practical experience 'of living in the country.' This room is the powerhouse of the entire building, really, in terms of heating and cooking, the day-to-day activity, looking after the animals, everything. The washing as well! Washing, yeah. Yeah. Well, in the day, if I'm on my own, I only use the kitchen. I'm intrigued by this, cos it's a very old-fashioned English idea that if you're involved with the land, that your home gets a bit muddy and a bit dirty and rough at the edges, and that's part of the way of living, but your place isn't going to look anything like this, is it? No. For us, we wanted to have a bit of a separation. When we're doing farmy stuff, we do farmy stuff. When we don't have to do that, actually, we can go back to our lovely, luxurious London lives! There's a place for mud, a place for books, a place for white rugs. So that's an objective, is it? To be able to have a white rug in a farmhouse? To have white rugs. Yeah. We've already bought them. We've already got them. It's that kind of perfect and pure? Yeah. I'm standing on one. THEY LAUGH There we go. I'm standing on one, I just realised. But so is a horse. So... There won't be one of those on our white rugs. A different kind of white rug. I don't think this is what you mean by... No. But it's still a white rug. BIRDSONG And Phil and Michael think they have a way to keep their white-rug upstairs pristine. So the path to the front door of the building is laid. Doors. Doors. Doors plural. There will be one here. OK? Which will be the muddy room. Right. That's the mud room. And a big one here, which will be the posh one. If you're a proper person with proper levels of filth, you come in through the proper door. Wipe your feet and you go on up. Yeah, you can go on. If you're a mucky pup... In here. Shower. Shower. Spray, steam clean, boots off. Absolutely. Jet wash. Jet wash! Yeah. Then up the stairs with the animals, the dogs. You can never create an airtight distinction between them. Well, I think we're going to have a go. 'The design seems practical, 'but what does their architect Sarah Guardhouse make 'of their dedication to urban bling?' So, Sarah, I want to know whether you think this building says 21st-century farmhouse, or whether it's just going to be a bit of an anomaly? It doesn't look like your old conventional farmhouse, but it suits that purpose. Farmhouses are no longer about people sitting round in tractors. And they're able to bring people here, they're able to enjoy it, they're able to connect to the outside. It becomes one of the tools for them to farm with, essentially. If you've got an evening where you can relax in a beautiful space, you're going to be better prepared to farm the next day and be outside. So it makes them better farmers? It makes them better farmers. Lie down. Lie down. Blake, lie down. Lie down! Thank you. 'Of course, to be allowed to live here, 'Phil and Michael have to earn their living from the farm.' Blake, off. 'Already, income from Phil and Michael's smallholding 'is starting to grow.' Did you really think, ten years or so ago, that...this is what life would hold for you? HE LAUGHS Not at all! Did you ever dream of this? No. Oddly enough, being in the middle of a muddy field with geese going off in your head all the time, no. But it's... It's working. 'But the brewery has to work too. 'So they've decided to quadruple their capacity 'and install a shiny new set of brewing vessels. 'They're now working 14 hours a day 'to make their businesses work 'and have even renamed the property... 'the Two Cocks Farm & Brewery.' 'Bringing their canny city-honed marketing skills to bear 'is helping them make an impression on the local community.' Yes, we're from the city and there's nothing we can do to disguise that, but I think they're recognising that we're not just these fly-by-nights who have come to have a weekender in the country, we're actually here to run a proper business. We are a local business, we trade very much on the fact that it's local water, local hops, you know, it's made on a farm in the community. I think we're the only gays in the village here. They're very kind. They invite us to their parties and get us drunk regularly. There we go. Do you want a carrier bag for those? They're all right, they're fitting in quite well, they're almost seen as locals now. Conscious of the need to fit in with their new locality, Phil and Michael have chosen to clad their building in flint, a very local building material. A 12th century flint-clad church sits just 300 yards from the farm. There's the crane just there, look, and the frame. Yeah, that's it. Just down the hill. But this... This wall must sort of represent the kind of impact, the scale of what you're trying to do. It is beautiful. 'The flint facade is going to be 'the defining texture of their building, 'so a lot will depend on who they get in to do it.' The bloke that did this, he was all over the shop, yeah? There's no attempt at getting a flat face. No. There's a lot of mortar. And then that guy, above the window, looks more like a single contiguous surface texture. I hope we get him, not that one. 'If they find the right person to lay it, 'Phil and Michael's unbroken pure flint wall 'will be quite something.' It'll give it a kind of an earthy, granular kind of quality. Like a sort of...flinty nodule. Yeah, bang on. If we get that, that's exactly what we want. Job done. Yeah. Just kind of sinks and disappears and...is just there. A kind of quiet assertion. Yeah. Yeah, quiet, solid, strong, stunning. Flinty. But before it's laid into the facade, Phil and Michael need to get hold of the kind of flint they want. You'd think, wouldn't you, given the fact there are billions of flints lying in the fields round Philip and Michael's farm, that they would just drive out with a tractor and pick up as many as they need to build with - for free. But, no, because round here, you see, the flints are greyish-brown and yellowy-brown. And, well, they want beautiful, deep bluish-black flints for their home. So instead of getting them for free here, they're buying them from Norfolk. The wall will need ten tons of specially quarried Norfolk blue-black flint, which is already being broken up off site into smaller, more manageable pieces. So, Paul, what is this stuff? It's a compressed silica, you know, from the sea-bed sea animals we find. We find skeletons sometimes in it, all the creatures at the bottom of the sea. Silica-rich skeletons? And it does, of course, when it's wet, it's got an almost obsidian-like glass quality. And, of course, being pretty pure silica, it's not far removed from glass. No, it isn't, no. Quite magical! It's very, very difficult to work with. 'Flint cracks randomly 'into uneven and heavy lumps 'which can be razor-sharp, dangerous to handle, 'and difficult to build with.' He's got a lot of work on his hands, whoever undertakes it. Yikes! The craftsmanship needed to make Phil and Michael's facade needs to be of the highest order. Luckily, they found Vernon Stacey, a local stonemason well used to laying flint. Hi there. You OK? Yeah, good. Wow! So this is the flint, then? This is it. 'Flint is conventionally set in small sections 'and bordered with brickwork, 'but Phil and Michael have demanded 'an unbroken 24 metre expanse of pure flint.' You'll become the first contemporary flint-layer in the country. It's certainly going to be a learning curve for me. And I'm nearly getting towards retiring age. THEY LAUGH Brilliant. We'll let you get on with it. 'Vernon has been laying flint for 40 years, 'but this job presents him with brand-new challenges.' I'm a traditionalist, really, rather than a modernist. I've been a bit apprehensive about starting this one. We're building off of steel, which is non-absorbent, we've got a plastic background, which is completely impervious, flint, which doesn't absorb any moisture. So all the moisture in the mortar will drop and it will end up on the bottom here. This is where occasionally you can see water dripping out. It's exasperating, the whole situation, really. I keep frightening everyone by telling 'em it's going to take three months. 'With just five months to the delivery deadline, 'Vernon's work determines everything, 'now that this project has slowed to the plodding pace of the craftsman.' Phil and Michael seem to making a pretty good job of reinventing themselves as small-scale farmers. Their house, however, seems anything but small-scale. Its size and its ambitions are big. Eight months in, the ?400,000 fixed-price contract is on budget, but there are still challenges ahead. The main facade will be made up of just three materials. The black rubber roof, the vast glass window and of course, the huge, unbroken flint wall which Vernon has now been meticulously laying for two weeks. The biggest problem we've had has been when it rains and it's dripped off the roof. But, now the guys are doing the roof, that shouldn't cause us any problems at all now. I've never seen a farmhouse with a rubber fetish black roof before. This one isn't high-gloss, but matt. It should turn down the volume of the building and make it quieter. At the edges, the rubber is designed so it appears to fold under and tuck itself into the top of the flint facade, thanks to a hidden gutter. This is just one of the many elements of this building which looks simple but, like the flint work itself, are in fact devilishly difficult to achieve. Any building hides its guts within its walls, but this one takes secrecy to a new level. Not only does the rubber wrap around and hide the structure of the building at the back but, also, this great, big flint facade requires this multiple layer of plastic and steel and timber and membrane behind it, especially devised for this project. It has its own support system. All you will see, in the end, is flint, rubber, glass. Everything else is hidden. What's true for the outside also holds for the pared-back interiors. From the kitchen, you can begin to see the minimalism emerging from behind the scaffolding. You get this view down there, this amazing view. Absolutely. It's like looking down inside a ship. Yeah. Lots of engineering, lots of bits but, actually, this is going to be a very simple structure with most of the engineering hidden. Artificial lighting is... It's basically a huge track which runs from that corner all the way through. Hence all those cables we see dropping down there. Very elegant, very hidden, very, very straight. Yeah, unlike us(!) Unlike you! PHIL LAUGHS Speak for yourself! This is shaping up to be a seriously spectacular building. And it looks like they're going to be able to stay here because their earnings are meeting the terms of the agricultural tie. The farm is ticking along nicely and the brewery is really taking off. They've even started winning awards. We've got two silvers and a bronze, and then we got a silver at the Oxford Beer Festival as well. Their beer isn't just a local success. They're also flogging it in some of their old haunts in London. We're in about 80-90 pubs and bars in total, of which the vast majority are local to us here, and about 15 of them are up in London. With the success of their business, they've almost joined the landed gentry. What the brewery does and the farm does now is, it creates enough income for us to carry on, without having to worry too much. In the process of setting up their booming business, Phil and Michael are realising that, while the muddy downstairs half of their new home will certainly help them farm, the architecturally exciting house above may also prove to be an asset for entertaining clients and helping them sell. But, until it's complete, they have to run the whole operation from a cramped office in the barn. So, yes, it's not big, is it? No. It seems like you two guys are cross-fertilising all those skills that you bring, things like marketing and doing business with this very rural tradition. Brewing and farming isn't just about producing a product. You have to market it. The farm, the brewery and the house, they all complement each other. You could bring some people down and give them lunch at your place and give them an amazing experience. White rugs for farmers. White rugs for farmers. Mm-hm. Next to the temporary farm office, the barn's also been a temporary home for the most exotic rare breed on the farm, Michael's extensive tortoise collection. Now, the purpose-built tortoise house is ready for use. Tortoise taxi. Come on, is that all of them? Yes. All right, let's go. The tortoise house, a mini-version of the farmhouse, is up in the kitchen garden. Once the ground source heat pump's been dug in, this area will become a haven of tranquillity for Phil and Michael and bring them closer to their imagined rustic idyll. This is Tiny. Had him for 45 years now. I think a lot of the people who know us in London would think of Michael as a party boy, going down Soho, having a great time, being the life and soul but there's also this other side to Michael. He is, if anything, more at home here than he was in London. Michael's harboured his rural dream ever since he studied medieval literature. Just remembering back to when I was a student and reading about a locus amoenus in literature. It was basically a beautiful place. A place where you have streams, trees, lush grass. Always a slightly magical place outside of the city, outside of the normal rules of society, it's taking an idealised view of nature and beauty, putting it all in one place. I suppose we're trying to create that, a bit, here. Phil and Michael's mission to build their locus amoenus has still a little way to go. Tortoises moved in ten weeks before us, so we're not really very happy about that, but I think they are. But the farmhouse is beginning to come together. After two months of flint laying, the extraordinary facade is nearly done. It's very, very graphic, this wall. A lot of flint buildings, the flint almost looks like it's been thrown into the middle. And then it's kind of framed, whereas here, the flint is the hero. It's the big story. Just like at the edge of the rubber roof, the meeting point between the different textures and materials is seamless. So, it all comes together on this corner, doesn't it? Because you have this great sheet of flint stone, meeting this crisp, little black edge. At the other end of the facade, Vernon is on the verge of finishing this masonry masterpiece. Hello, Vernon. I think you're on the home strait, are you? During his two months of toil, it seems that this traditionalist has been converted to modern ways. I think it suits the building perfectly. It's not trying to be perhaps something that it's not, like a farmhouse in the traditional way. Is this the last one? This is the last one. Excellent. This is two months' work! Yes, I'm rather sad it's coming to an end. Go on, pop it in. No, it's looking, it's too tight. Good fit. It's like a keystone. It's holding all the others in! Look at that. That's beautiful. And congratulations. A beautifully done thing, and a first? Most definitely a first for me, yeah. And, of course, all the value in this wall is human energy, isn't it? Well, it is, yeah, the actual material is not worth a lot, really. The same cannot be said of the vast and very expensive parallelogram glass window. The plan is that it will slide open along these rails, powered by an electric motor. How much is this big, sliding window costing you? Lots. An awful lot. I guess, what, 30? Plus. Oh, really? Is it one piece? One piece. One piece. It will turn the building into a living, moving thing and, not only is it the most expensive component, it's the most fragile. It could all go crashingly wrong. Just about on schedule, the crane is on site to install the crowning piece of Phil and Michael's snakeskin facade - the huge sliding window. It's such an expensive element of the build. And such a visual part of it. And it's also the bit that could go so drastically wrong. I mean, oh, my God, here's the guys arriving. What I'm going to do is pick the glass up, put it down in front of the lorry... This is nerve-racking. It's a step into the unknown, even for the company that designed the glass, and that are here to install it. Biggest door we've lifted, biggest moving component. 1.5 tonnes, apparently. If this doesn't go in and work, then the building's not watertight, they can't finish half the stuff. It's just going to stop. It's a delicate task to slide the 3x6m window between the jutting scaffolding and the jagged flint surface of the building. All right, let's go. We've got a bully in. It's just scary. BUILDERS SHOUT LOUD CRACK Ooh, that didn't sound very good. The main thing is to keep the glass off the thing. You got this huge, dangling piece of glass. There's no protection around it, you get a chunk out of it, then the whole piece is wrong. We are, we're going to have to fight. Down, down on the right-hand side, slightly. That's it, keep going, keep going, keep going like that. We're in, totally in! A few hairy moments there, weren't there? It looks good, though, it looks really good. That crispness of the glass and the steel against the flint. As the roof light goes in and the building finally becomes watertight, the end of the project is creeping into view. It's amazing, isn't it? This actually feels like a room, now. For the first time. What I'm really looking forward to is... The storms and things, and the snow. Yeah. Can you imagine just sitting here, watching... Huge fire roaring. Yeah. Yeah. Your turn to do the chores. Watch my geese. This simple, shimmering exterior is now almost complete. All that remains is to landscape around the building. It should look as though it's sinking back into the hillside. Inside, the extreme minimalism of the design is really beginning to assert itself. Can we make that look just like the steel? I think you're going to have to plaster it in and paint it out white. Let's have a think about it. Next? Just round here... Architect Sara Gardhouse has been working closely with the site foreman, Mark Open, to make sure every detail is absolutely to her satisfaction. What the architect wants, she gets. And that simplicity can only be achieved through, really, hiding the details away. I think if we can get another one in there... It all seems very simple, but there is so much behind the finished surface. Whatever Phil and Michael decide to put in the building is certainly going to stand out against this hard-won minimalism. In some respects, the architecture has been designed around some of our bits of furniture, so we have quite a large Gothic revival bed, which is a big four-poster canopy jobby. The need was for a bedroom that would accommodate something of that sort of stature. Yes, well, in a room this size, you can have a bed as big as a barn, but it remains to be seen how well these overblown ideas sit alongside the day-to-day farming needs and whether it results in one unified building. The complete, rebooted 21st-century country villa-cum-farmhouse. 'No longer new arrivals in the country, Phil and Michael 'and their business are now well established. 'But has their reinvented farmhouse 'matched the success of their brand?' So, you remember the big red frame of this building, just how enormous it felt sat on that farm. And yet, this building, as it's progressed, has seemed, if anything, to shrink in size, to the point now, actually, where you can hardly see it. There it is. 'This place seems like no farmhouse I've ever seen. 'It's more formal. Like a classical rural villa, 'it hides the agricultural role it serves. 'Having said that, 'it ain't polite.' Hello, you two. Hello, how you doing? Good to see you. How are you? Good to see you. Welcome. Thank you, thank you. I've been very excited about coming to see this house. It's looking astonishingly good. 'Phil and Michael's striking building has attitude, 'thanks to the extensive use of a number of unusual materials, 'each used in large expanses. 'There's the black rubber bodysuit that wraps over the roof, 'the facade of flashy flint, 'the expansive glass wall 'and the large encasing steel framework. 'All low profile and high impact.' And it's completely transformed, isn't it, from Alaskan mass murderers' homestead to... THEY LAUGH ..Darth Vader's rural retreat. Is it like the Death Star inside? LAUGHTER 'Confronted by the two doorways, I'm glad to say they take me 'in through the posher, cleaner entrance.' Come on in. It's like we're into a cave. Oh, my goodness me. It's a cave-cum-art gallery. With a beautiful, polished dark grey... It's concrete, the floor, isn't it? Yeah, that's right. There's no mistaking this for a farm. It's got farmers in it. LAUGHTER 'And the edgy steel handrail tells you that. 'It grows out off the ground - it's part art gallery staircase, 'part agricultural implement.' And up into... KEVIN LAUGHS 'The revelation of this large single space is a shock. 'I've never seen it without scaffolding and its scale 'and exposure to the outdoors is almost too much, too flamboyant. 'At one end, beneath the kitchen, 'the fireplace is a welcome focus on a domestic scale. 'At the other, as the building slopes down, 'it grows to cathedral-like proportions. 'Joining the two ends is the crazy, sloping ramp.' That's great, that ramp. It's good, isn't it? Bonkers! LAUGHTER Yeah. And your white rug! There's no mud. No. Yet. No, there won't be. Won't be. There's your triptych. Yeah. It's relatively enclosed, but this view is so open, so big, right to the heavens. You're watching telly. It's like going to the cinema. Yeah. Standing here, in my peripheral vision, almost everything is that view. Yeah. It's a pretty good movie. 'This window's so big, it also gives great views from the next level up, 'in what is traditionally considered the engine room of the farmhouse.' About three steps into the kitchen, which is... KEVIN LAUGHS ..excoriatingly white! And perfect! It's lovely. It's complete, except there is no miniature pony here. Surely that's the accessory every farmhouse kitchen must have, together with the range. That's the other item that's missing here. But we don't need the range. Got underfloor heating. It's nice and warm down by the fire. OK. Your farmhouse kitchen is not in the heart of the building, is it? It's at one end. But at an end that you go straight out and effectively into the vegetable garden. There's also something of the command module, isn't there, about the way that this console kind of overlooks the space below? What's great is that, from here, you've got this wonderful connection all the way through the building. There's no doorways getting in the way, there's no blockages. You've got the line which runs right the way through. The lighting marks the fold in the roof. That runs all the way through, beyond the glass. Then behind the bed, the bedroom. So you've got this interconnection. 'Down the ramp, at the other end of the building, 'Phil and Michael have just about managed to 'squeeze their Gothic revival bed into their towering master bedroom. 'Behind the bed, a doorless set of partitions carry 'the diagonal lighting track line right to the 'corner of the building and divide up the bathroom functions. 'The bedroom enjoys its own low and angled vista, 'echoing the huge window in the main room. 'The latter, of course, is the big party piece of the building. 'It opens.' I just press this one? That's it. Oh! It's opening? It is! Magnificent. And immediately, there's that cool wash of air. And the sound of geese. GEESE HONK I do like the way that the glass covers the flint with that gloss of colour. Sort of green, isn't it? Yeah, like a varnish. It's one silica compound sliding over another. It's like an abstract piece of art. Yeah. So, where we're stood is, by the looks of it, all wild flower meadow turf, is it? Yes, that's right. In summer, I guess you'll just have that window open all the time? Yeah. It will be like another room, won't it, I guess? A green, carpeted room. 'Directly underneath the wildflower meadow, 'there's a self-contained guest suite. 'It offers the promise of privacy and separation 'from the main building.' And here we are again. I know. But this time, we get the choice to go into the other door? Oh, absolutely. You've been out and mucky now. Yeah. Enough of the decorative ponciness of upstairs. Absolutely. Into the mud room. Oh, yes. Shower. Look, there we are. Perfect. Dog. Yeah, watching the dog. Straight over the drain. Exactly. Drain on the floor, wash your hands, coats, boots. Absolutely. And then you go through. Really sensible. Across the entrance hall, and then you're into the office. I did think that downstairs was going to be so different in character to upstairs but, in fact, there are some clever little clues. Presumably, this follows the line, does it not? The lighting track upstairs, which is the line of the fold in the roof. Yeah. Sloping ceiling over there. It does, doesn't it? And there's a wall which doesn't have a connection with anything else, like upstairs. 'Despite the threats of mud and mad parties, 'this building has turned out to be elegant, 'the modern equivalent of the small 18th-century rural mansion, 'with its attached farm, 'built for gentlemen equally at home in Berkshire as in Soho.' So, has the urban, rustic experiment worked, then? Totally. The joy of this is that we have been able to build something which is in a place that we love, is about what we want, reflecting who we are and what we like. I love standing on the green roof and being able to touch the flint wall. It's like an outdoor sculpture. I can't believe we live here. I like sitting on the loo in the en suite, because you're looking straight up the garden. How many loos can you do that with? Did you build this for what you expected to, in the end? Came in bang on budget. Yeah. That was down to having a contractor delivering you a fixed price contract? Absolutely. Will this building make you better farmers? I think it will, actually. We've always had that idea that the countryside can't be a theme park home, so that it has to work to actually make a living. Here, you get up in the morning, you have a cup of coffee looking out at the garden, looking out at the animals, and it's given us time to start contemplating, so you can plan your day better. And I think that will make us better farmers. That makes it a proper farmhouse, then, doesn't it? It does. Absolutely. That and the arts. THEY LAUGH And the underfloor heating. And the Wi-Fi. And the big opening window. Yeah. Yeah. And the loo that looks up the garden. And the ramp. And the black rubber roof. The flint wall. Yeah. And the white rug. It's just a big farmhouse. Yep. I think Phil and Michael's humour and their new identities as farmers, brewers and entrepreneurs, are all bound up in the vigorous personality of this shed-shaped building, which powerfully roots them to this place. Architecture is a little bit like agriculture, in as much as it needs the cross-fertilisation of ideas to produce new, stronger, vigorous forms and here, goodness me, there are lots and lots of ideas in this building which have been cross-pollinated, not least the energy of Phil and Michael. Yes, this place is a farmhouse for the modern age, but it's also an urban party pad, it's a rural retreat. It's an idyll. It is these things all mixed up and it is something else, I believe. It is an exemplar of the 21st-century country house - life-giving, life-changing, game-changing. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 