Kindred Spirits: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Kindred Spirits 
 s3e1 - No Salvation - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Kindred Spirits (2016–…): Season 3, Episode 1 - No Salvation - full transcript 
 Amy and Adam investigate a massive compound and encounter what seems to be a malevolent entity. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 BERRY: Whoever's down here that can hear us talk, we've come to find out who you are. I saw something down the hallway. BERRY: He's come to collect. - What is that? - Yeah. **** just touched me on the arm. I just saw something go across the ceiling. It's mimicking what we do to get others to interact with it. Oh, no. He's after the kids. BRUNI: When the dead are forgotten, they become restless. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, my God! Did you just touch me? What?! I did not touch you. I'm Amy Bruni. A haunting encounter re-defined my life. I live with that experience and seek answers to the unknown. Ooh, it says I am! I'm Adam Berry. At Gettysburg, the shadows and screams of dead soldiers told me into a supernatural believer. Oh, my God! BRUNI: Together, our investigations bring peace to the living. You can't scare us. You can't deter us. BERRY: By giving a voice to the dead. I'm gonna ask you one more time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What is your name? BRUNI: Because we believe the dead and the living are all... ♪♪ Adam and I are in rural Missouri, headed to a haunted inn and winery. Three other abandoned buildings sit on the property and are also known paranormal hot spots. They have been investigated for years. The owner's been here for two decades and says the activity hadn't been threatening until now. So, Jesse's gonna meet us, and Jesse is the owner and operator of the inn and everything. They have this huge, scary set of buildings. The place is undoubtedly haunted. We've helped them a few times to validate that there is something here. And I think to them, them being haunted, it was kind of a novelty, but now, suddenly, they're actually scared. Something has changed in the last couple months. He's hearing more stories from people that have investigated or are staying there that there is something more sinister at play. These people are being attacked. Ugh. And that's just very out of character for here. A century ago, this 27-acre property was owned by the fraternal organization the Odd Fellows. They built a hospital, orphanage, nursing home, and old folks' home. Many of the residents of the Odd Fellows compound died here. - This is it, right? - Yep. Oh, my God, it's so big. They successfully renovated the orphanage, which is now an inn. But they want to renovate these other buildings, but they're concerned now because there's this kind of dark presence hanging over them. They're really worried to get in there and see what happens. We need to fix this for them. We need to fix this for whatever's in those buildings. ♪♪ Jesse doesn't rattle easily. So for him to be scared enough to call us makes this urgent. Jesse, man, hey. - How you doing? - What's going on? - Good to see you. We got here as soon as we good. Yes, I'm glad you guys are here. Yes, let's head down this way. So, what's happening? Yeah, so, we're having a lot more activity in some of the other buildings. We're just trying to figure out what's happening and what we need to do about it. And we're not sure what it is. - Okay. Take us right where we need to go. We'll head right down. BRUNI: Jesse's taking us to the morgue, that is directly under the former nursing home. This is the building that's right next to the inn. Ugh! - I feel, like, an immense chill. We've had things, like, thrown down here and stuff like that. We've had, like, figures show up. That's so crazy. It is. Whoever's down here that can hear us talk, we've come to find out who you are. We're gonna be back. - Ooh! - Oh, God. - [ Groans ] So, this is the nursing home, right? LEIMKUEHLER: Yeah. So, what's been happening down here that's different than the last time we were here? Before, it was, like, voices and footsteps, and then, like, mainly, it's on the left-hand side -- like, visual stuff as far as them coming out the doors and things like that. Okay. All right. Now, that's where we have a lot of touching, a lot of physical contact. Where at specifically? Do you mind taking us? Is it touchings or, like, shoving? - Both. - Oh, really? - Both. Yeah, yeah. - Okay. Here, too. Like, women -- like, hair-pull. Oh, my goodness. Do people ever get concerned that their loved ones could be haunting this place? Yeah. Do you have family members that come back specifically looking for their loved ones still here? I mean, that happens a lot. - Okay. - Yeah. Where else do you need to show us? We're gonna head out to the old folks' home. BERRY: The old folks' home sits between the nursing home and the hospital. It's one of the oldest buildings on the property and needs the most repair. My gosh. We'll go down to the left here. So this was all just rooms people lived in. - Oh, yeah. - Yes. Almost like assisted living. It wasn't necessarily a nursing facility. I had an experience back in the hallway all the way down at the end, but I saw something down the hallway with another person here, so it wasn't just me. It was one other person. So you both saw the same apparition? Yeah. Yeah. It looked like somebody had, like, put their hands on the door frame and then, like, peeked out. I remember looking at my arm and seeing the goose bumps and the hair standing up and that sort of stuff. It was right in here. - Oh, so, it came out this -- -37. - Yeah. - Room 37. - Room 37. - Yeah. So, about how many people would you say passed away? There was about 10,000 recorded deaths on site. Oh, my God! The vast majority were in these buildings. ♪♪ In this whole compound of buildings, where would you think is the place people feel most unsafe or afraid? As far as, like, physical activity, it would be, like, upstairs in the nursing facility. Okay. We've got a lot to cover, but I feel like we go back -- we get our equipment -- and just try to talk to whatever's here. Like, as fast as we can. Light's fading. We got to get going. ♪♪ The Odd Fellows Compound is a known paranormal hot spot, attracting plenty of investigators. Our experience says when the living pay attention to spirits, activity spikes. So we can have three cameras. That's what we have. BERRY: We can. Yeah, and the third one's already in. BRUNI: Jesse has closed down the entire property so we can have a controlled investigation. We are making the old orphanage our home base because it's the only building that has power. It's next to the nursing home, where people get pushed, and the old folks' home, where Jesse sees shadow figures. Camera 1, you could straighten it out a little bit. Both of them could use some IR light. Because of the power issue in those buildings, we'll be setting up wireless cameras to continually run even when we are not in them. Hey, Amy, what do these cameras look like? The angles look great. Great. [ Crickets chirping ] BERRY: What is that at the end of the hallway? BRUNI: What is it? What, what, what? There's something on the camera in the nursing home. - What is that? - Yeah. It's, like, totally a shadow figure at the end of the hallway. Let's go. Come on. - I got something. - Go, go, go, go. It sounds very -- Yeah, on this side, on the right side of the thing. Nursing home. Right here, on the right side. Yeah, down this way, right? ♪♪ I just saw something cross in front of that. ♪♪ This is literally where Jesse said he had crazy activity. - My heart is beating so strong right now. - Yeah. [ Sighs ] Okay, I will -- If you stay here, I'm gonna go down and be very non-threatening, and I'm just gonna leave the recorder 'cause I want to get a name out of this person. - Right. - I want to figure out who it is. Right. Whoever you are, I'm gonna come down there. I'm just gonna leave something that can help us hear you. Oh, look. What is that? What is that? It just, like, totally stopped. I literally just put new batteries in it. I saw you put new batteries in it. It drained that thing. We need more batteries. Yes, we need -- We need to figure out who this is. Does anybody have any AAA's? MAN: They're supplying them right now. - Thank you. - Okay. Do you not want us to record you? Those that own this building have asked us to come in here. We have permission to be here. So we're gonna have to come and talk to you. Thank you. These are the dead ones right here. Thanks. Take that. - I can see it. - I know. On the right side. Yeah. ♪♪ Oh, my God, every hair on my body is standing up right now. Okay. I'm just gonna leave something, okay? You don't have to go anywhere. This can just help us hear you, okay? I'm gonna leave it right here. All right? It's right there. Do you ever think about how crazy we are? Yeah, well, I mean, it takes -- "There's a big shadow man at the end of the hallway." It takes crazy to find crazy. "Let me walk on down there and leave my recorder next to him." Okay. All right. Whoever you are, can you introduce yourself? Can you tell us your name? ♪♪ Is there something happening with you and the others here right now? ♪♪ Should we know something for our own safety? Did you hear that? - What was that? - Like, a voice? - Yes, it was a voice. It was right here, though. Are you back here? - Be careful. - Hello? I just saw something go across the ceiling. - Like, a person doesn't move like that. - BERRY: No, it doesn't. A person does not climb upside-down across the ceiling. It's trying to scare us. Seriously, right now? ♪♪ BERRY: We're in Liberty, Missouri, investigating a historic compound, where the long-standing paranormal activity has taken a dark turn. We need to figure out who this is. The owner is trying to renovate the century-old buildings, but he's afraid of what's here. Is there something happening with you and the others here right now? - Did you hear that? - What was that? - Like, a voice? - Yes, it was a voice. It was right here, though. The thing that freaks me out almost more than anything is a disembodied voice because it comes from where a mouth should be if someone were standing there. ♪♪ Are you back here? That sounded, like, childlike to me. Yeah. Yeah. It was a little kid. Why would a kid be in the nursing home? BRUNI: The inn was once an orphanage. Staff and investigators have reported seeing and hearing the spirits of children on the grounds, but never in the nursing home or morgue below it. Wait. It happened again down here. Be careful. Hello? Can you talk a little bit louder? It's okay. You're not usually in this building, right? You can be here. It's okay. Can you talk again, just like before? It almost sounds like a whimper. ♪♪ ♪♪ - Amy? - I just don't -- I was -- I don't understand why there would be a child in this building. So it's just kind of throwing me off. Is it trying to get us out of that area? - You know, like, the kid is like -- - Oh! "You! Out! Get out of that area." Oh, yes! Yes! Like, that is exactly what that kid was doing. Yes. "Get away from there." It's leading us out of there. "Get away from there." BERRY: What the hell is at the other end of the hallway? Why would another spirit be trying to lead us away from it. Stopping down our investigation is not an option. We need to get the recorder down there and see if it caught anything. Listen, I know that you're trying to help us and get us away from there, but we -- we kind of don't have a choice. What **** Okay, I just saw something go across the ceiling. No, don't tell me that, please. I just saw something go across the ceiling. Like, that's one of the most jacked-up things that I've ever seen. - Like, a person doesn't move like that. - No, it doesn't. A person does not climb upside-down across the ceiling. It's trying to scare us. Seriously, right now? Okay. Night one, right? We're on night one. We just started. - Yeah. - All this stuff is happening. - Yeah. - We don't know yet what it is. - No. - But we'll figure it out. - Mm-hmm. - It's just -- It's gonna continue -- I mean, it's not gonna let up on us. No, it's just really frustrating. Oh, my stomach feels sick. ♪♪ Let's listen to this. Hopefully we can hear our questions from way down there. [ Indistinct conversation ] - Ooh! - Was that what I think it was saying? Hold on. "Get out." It sounds like, "Get out." Ooh! Ooh! It's angry. It's angry. It's angry. We have someone who was in the old folks' home who killed themselves. We're just looking to see where to find room 19. Wait. Something just touched me. ♪♪ BRUNI: Adam and I are investigating an old nursing home, which seems to be the center of violent attacks. Let's listen to this. And we just got a very threatening response on our recorder. Ooh! Ooh! What did that say? Something **** **** It says **** It's angry. That's anger. It's angry. All right, so, whatever's here, it clearly does not want us here. I have, like, full body shivers happening right now. Because, like, all right. "Get out." And something "F-word." I want to go outside for a minute. - Okay. - I just need a minute. BERRY: Something is clearly at the end of this hallway. Our cameras caught it before we even began investigating. - What is that? - Yeah. It's, like, totally a shadow figure at the end of the hallway. I just saw something cross in front of that. And we saw it with our own eyes. But whatever it is isn't giving us any clues as to who they are or why they're doing this. Let's just take a breather for a second. I don't know. It's like -- It feels so jacked up in there right now. Like, it's not anything like it's been. But it fits exactly what Jesse said. Jesse said the activity's ramping up. It's more negative. - There's darker things happening. - Yeah. And suddenly, we walk in here, it's, like, shutting down equipment, yelling at us, saying obscenities, like, crawling across the crooked ceiling. I've never had equipment shut down that quickly. And I -- This -- It doesn't make any sense to me. I don't know. I feel like we need to be doing something else. We need to figure out who this is. ♪♪ BRUNI" Last night, we encountered a dark spirit that did not want us in the nursing home. Today, while Adam reviews last night's footage, I'm calling in John Tenney, a leading expert in paranormal and occult theory. He's going to meet me at the Clay County archives. There's been thousands of deaths on the property, so we'll need to search strategically through newspapers and police reports for any suspicious deaths. We need the dead to start talking to give us clues. Hey. Oh, my gosh. Thank you so much for coming straight here. Not a problem. I'm hoping you were able to kind of dig up some information for us because we investigated last night and crazy things happened and I would love to get some information we can correlate with it. I'm glad that you called me, but I've been buried, just working, trying to put this all together, and there's a lot of dots. But we have someone who was in the old folks' home who killed themselves. Okay. I saw something down the hallway with another person. It looked like somebody had, like, put their hands on the door frame and then, like, peeked out. The newspaper reports, the death certificate all has his name misspelled differently. Even on the gravestone, it's different than the newspapers. That's who -- What's the name? Fred. In some of the instances, Groots. Groots? Yeah. But then in other instances, WF Lietz. How do you get -- Like, that's -- - Those are two very different names. - So... Yeah, yeah. Even Frederick W. Goats here. "Acting strangely and was thought to be out of his right mind. Yeah, he actually pulled a knife on someone. Really? And they got the knife away from him. And then later on in the day, they heard a bang and ran into his room and he had shot himself in the head. Now that we have a name, we can hopefully connect with the spirit. Fred was clearly violent to other patients and staff before committing suicide. Is he still angry? Is he going after the living now, like he did before he died? What room? Do we know? We don't know. I can't figure it out. All right, well, we want to focus on him because there's clearly negativity here. We have a lot of ground to cover. Do you want to come with us tonight and investigate? Yes. All right, together, with all of this and with what we have already, it might give us some answers. ♪♪ - There he is. - Ah, there he is. - Mr. Coffey, how are you? - Hey. - Good to see you. - It sounded urgent. - I'm glad you could get here so quickly. - Yeah, me, too. - Thank you for getting out here so fast. - Oh, my gosh. BERRY: Along with John, we brought in Chip Coffey, our friend and psychic medium. Even if the spirit wants nothing to do with us again, it won't be able to hide from him. Things here have changed a bit. We don't want to get too far into it because we want you to get out there into the buildings and give us your impression. You know, to see if you pick up anything that's violent or aggressive. Okay. I'm thinking let's go to the old folks' home. - Yeah. - 'Cause that's that -- There's another shadow figure seen out there. And we found at least one documented suicide. All right, you have your recorder. I'm taking SLS. BERRY: Since we saw the shadow figure last night, the SLS will scan for anomalies and clearly outline anything present tonight. BRUNI: Let's go. If Fred is in the old folks' home or if Chip picks up on a bad feeling, it's a good sign he's the one we were dealing with last night. This is such a big area. There's a whole other hall. Yeah. You guys go down this hall way, and Adam and I will go down this hallway. And we'll see what we get. ♪♪ - My name is John. - I'm Chip. Could you communicate with us by tapping on the ceiling or on the wall? It's quiet. Very quiet. Let's do an EVP session. Is there someone in this room right now? We heard there was an incident here where a man took his own life. Is that person still up here? Fred, are you here? If this isn't the right room, where is the right room? What number? [ Recorder crackling ] [ Crackling ] I hear a number. Was that a number. It sounds almost like 13. 19. 19. Where is room 19? 37, 36, 35. JOHN: It's quiet down there. We got one number. So we're just looking to see if we can find room 19. What is this? BERRY: This has a 9. This has an 8. This has a 9, but the 1 is missing. - But no... - Wait, something just touched me. ♪♪ You got me in here now. Well... It's low-level demonic. What?! ♪♪ 19. 19. Where is room 19? 37, 36... BERRY: We found a death record of a suicide victim in the old folks' home. He was a violent person before he died. What is this? Now that we have his name, we can try to call him out to make contact with him specifically and see if he is the reason the paranormal activity has taken a turn. This has an 8. This has a 9, but the 1 is missing. - But no... - Wait, something just touched me. No. I thought it was you touching my back. No, no, no, no. It was, like, soft. I think we have the right place. Whoever just touched me, it didn't feel aggressive. It was almost like a nudge, telling me to stop here. - Let's do an EVP session. - Okay. We're looking for the man who took his own life. Frederick. Or Fred. Now, we found a number of last names. We can't figure out which one's right. What do we have, John? JOHN: Lietze. Or Gruensi. Gruetez. Any of those names sound familiar to you? Let's listen and see if we got any responses with those. - Fred. - Fred. Fred. - What?! - What was that? - Lietze! - Lietze! - He said Lietze. - He says Lietze. So, we have Fred Lietze. Yep. Think about it. We just gave that man his name back. Yeah. He had six different names in there. We just gave him his name back. But that doesn't feel like what we were dealing with last night. No. It's not trying to scare us or mess with us. I think I probably would have gotten some sort of a blip of something had there been something here. - I think so, yeah. - That wasn't weird. BERRY: We believe we found an answer to the activity in the old folks' home, but we still need to figure out who's going after people. Show me where you got the activity 'cause that's where I want to confront this thing. It's in the nursing home. The nursing home is where we got all of the activity last night and where Jesse the owner has had people grabbed and pushed. This building has a distinctly different feel. Last night, whoever was there didn't want anything to do with us. We've got Chip, and now we're going to force this thing out of hiding. Wow. It's started messing with me already. ♪♪ You got me in here now. ♪♪ Whoa. Noise from in here. So, you wanted us in here, and here we are. - Wait, what was that? - What was that? Did you hear that? - What was that? - It was a little... - It was a kid. - Kid, right? - It was a little, "Ha." - What was that? - Wait, what was that? BRUNI: That's exactly what I heard last night. That's the voice of the kid that tried to lead me out of the nursing home. What is going on here? Last night, when we were in here and everything was happening, we heard a voice of a child, like we just heard... - Did you hear that? - What was that? - Like, a voice? - Yes, it was a voice. Hello? And I'm getting all "Ugh" thinking about it, but it was almost like it was trying to get us out of here. It was leading us out the door, like, calling to us to leave. - It wants you to go. - Yeah. They're trying to protect you. ♪♪ There's something here simply for the fact that there are innocent souls that are still hanging out here. It's low-level demonic. What?! ♪♪ Uh, there is something in the ceiling right above you. Let me see. Oh, you guys! No! ♪♪ ♪♪ CHIP: Noise from in here. BRUNI: Chip Coffey and John Tenney are helping Adam and I find out who was attacking people in the old nursing home. So, you wanted us in here, and here we are. Chip just revealed a very disturbing fact about the source of the violence. It's low-level demonic. What?! There's something here simply for the fact that there are innocent souls that are still hanging out here. Why now? Why would it come here now, of all times? Because everybody's been investigating and everybody's been looking for these souls and they've been coming out and they've been communicating. Chip's just hit on the fact that as a known haunted location, the souls here have made their presence known to curious visitors and investigators. But apparently, revealing themselves and being so active has attracted something nasty. Oh, no. He's after the kids. BERRY: Wait, the spirits of the orphans? Yeah. Do the kids know that it's here? - Yes. - And are they afraid of it? Yes. Is it in this area? Like, is this where it -- - Yes. Always, I guess, this is kind of where it's made its home? - Yes. - Can it travel? I don't know. The biggest thing we have to tackle is making sure that thing doesn't grow and go anywhere else. Yeah, we got to keep it contained. We got to get rid of it. ♪♪ BERRY: Our fear is that this dark entity is traveling. Chip told us it is after the child spirit, so we are going to check the storage bunker where they have been known to play. Chip and John are going to the hospital. We need to know if this thing is moving. Let's put the K2s out on this thing. We have three different ways here. We've got K2s. We'll do the flashlight technique, and then we have Boo Buddy. BRUNI: BooBuddy detects vibrations, motion, changes in EMF, and temperature. We use this because it looks and sounds like a toy. It's so effective and convincing my own daughter will steal him to play. - You're probably very excited, but can you turn those off? - Please? BOOBUDDY: I like holding hands with you. That means something just touched it. - Yeah, absolutely. - Okay. Do you like that bear? Can you turn off those flashlights for us? Just twist it the other way? I know you really want to play with those. - Oh! - Oh, oh! Okay, good job. The flashlight technique helps us confirm that what's here is intelligent and isn't just residual energy. It also shows they want to communicate with us. I'm gonna record you on this little recorder. This little box can hear your voice, okay? Even if we're not hearing you... Do you know what time it is? ...this little box can hear you, okay? Right here in the red light, tell me is there somebody here who's kind of a bully? Did you make it cold in here? Temperature's changing. - When that happens -- - Mm-hmm. Every time the lights start going off, the temperature gets colder. Are you hiding from somebody? Does it ever come in here? - Let's listen back now. - All right, let's listen. Well, it sounds like it's not in here. No, I think the lack of talking to us means it's not in any danger. Well, that's what I -- yeah. They're playing. - Right. They're playing with us right now. For sure. And that makes me feel really good. More importantly, that thing is not in here. No, not at all. So we know it's not gotten to the bunker, which is good because this is where the kids come to hide and play. And we do not want that in here. So now we just need to make sure it's not in the hospital. So we've got to go find Chip and John and see how they did. But thank you for playing with us. In their suite, Chip and John confirmed what we did -- the dark spirit has not breached the bunker or hospital, which is great, but we're not done with this thing. We still need to go to the morgue, which is in the basement of the nursing home, and where Jesse, the owner, has also had things thrown. BRUNI: Okay, let's do an EVP session in the dark. You look so excited, Chip. Sitting in the dark in a morgue. With a demon. Ohh. - That is weird. - What? I thought I was about to ram my head into a pipe. - There is no pipe. - No, no, no, no, no. Like, right as I walked into this room, I made, like, a real weird ducking my head to get into here. - Really? - Yeah. BERRY: Uh, there is something in the ceiling. - Are you **** kidding me? - Stop! - Let me see. - Right above you. Look. Look. Right there. Oh, you guys. Hanging across the ceiling. I don't need to know that. - No. - Oh, it's gone. It's gone now. - It's gone. I have nightmares about this exact thing, just so you know. Really? Is this, like, your worst nightmare? Worst. BERRY: Even though it hasn't moved to other buildings, it seems like it's definitely below the nursing home in the morgue. All right. So, we're gonna stand in the dark with this thing. Lovely. Everybody good? No. Actually. All right, let's turn these off. Let's do this. Let me start the recorder. [ Buttons click ] BRUNI: All right. You have us in the dark. What do you want to say to us? What is your name? BERRY: Do you have a name? Do you know who Chip is? You could save us the trouble by going right now on your own. - **** Oh, God! - It just touched me on the arm! BRUNI: Do you know who Chip is? [ Indistinct crackling ] - Oh, God. - "I am Chip's" -- It's mimicking what we do to get others to interact with it. So, I'm sorry, you guys, that's so **** up. ♪♪ BERRY: There's a dark force attacking people in a historic compound in Liberty, Missouri. All right, let's turn these off. Let's do this. We're in the abandoned morgue trying to corner it, and it just grabbed Chip. - **** Oh, God! - It just touched me on the arm! - Oh! - What? - Are you okay? - Yeah, I'm fine. CHIP: It just grabbed my arm. This is the violent grabbing that scared Jesse the owner and the reason he called us. Since it happened when we were asking EVP questions, I'm hoping something will be on this recorder besides "Get out." Chip, are you sure you're okay? Oh, yeah, it just did -- it just did one of those to my arm. Let's listen to it. [ Indistinct crackling ] Oh. - Yeah, it said something. It says, "I am Chip." - What? - No. Listen. - "I am Chip." - What are you doing here? Oh, God! Yeah, it got really mad that we were -- Yeah, we were telling it to leave. Let's stop this **** - It didn't talk a whole lot. - No. I think right now it's trying to collect information. It's trying to figure out what we're capable of. Do you know what's odd about what you just said? We've been talking about, like, "This is trying to be different things." And so what you said is it's, like -- It knows we're a threat. It's collecting information. That's what we're doing. That's right. It's mimicking what we do to get others to interact with it. - I just got weird chills. - Me, too! I'm sorry, you guys. That's so **** up. I'm gonna suggest that since it's not made its way over into the other building that we plan a course of action. We do it outside of this space. Yeah, let's figure out a way to get rid of this. BRUNI: That was intense. It's strong, more chilling. It's learning from us how to lure out souls so it can absorb them. This thing has to go now. BERRY: What's going on in there is definitely negative. It's dark. It's aggressive. It moved things. It grabbed you. It slithered up the wall like a black mass. - Yeah. - We caught it on camera. We got it on camera. It is definitely one of the most negative hauntings I have encountered. Is there a term for what we're experiencing out there? In occult sciences, in occult practices, they call it an egregore. An egregore like this is rare. It can be borne out of the concerns and fears that so many people have toward this compound. It can grow more powerful as it absorbs the massive spiritual energies which cover this place. So, it's the result of people going in there over and over again, investigating, or dark things that happen there, and this strange entity has been born out there. So, in theory, if it's created like that, then couldn't we combat it by using, like, positivity? Right. The positive intention will push it out. BERRY: So, tomorrow's game plan. - I'm ready to get it out of there. - Right. Especially for Jesse and the family because they're here every day. This is an extension of their home. Yep. And we are gonna attack it tomorrow with what it hates most. - Right. - And that is positivity. - It's never dealt with an organized attack back at it. - Right. Like, it's not gonna know how to handle it. - No. - You're coming in... Yeah. - Guns blazing. - ...guns blazing. I do not think it's going to know what hit it. I just don't think it's ready for what's gonna happen tomorrow. ♪♪ BERRY: The owner, Jesse, needs to know what he's got going on here. We're meeting with him to explain that it isn't a simple haunting -- that we've got to get it out, and for that, we'll need his help. So, we think there is something negative and dark in the nursing home now. That being said, what is it? We started looking into the idea of thought forms, and we realized that people have always thought there was something dark in that nursing home and that investigators keep coming in looking for this dark thing, and that over time, they created this thing. We think people have looked at that building so much as a space for something negative that they created this thought form out there, and that's why it took a while and it built up and now it's become its own ghost. - Right. - And we need to get rid of it because it's only gonna get bigger and it's only gonna get stronger. It's just gonna get worse. - Right. And it could go to the other buildings. It could come into your inn. And so that's why we need to get rid of it today. Okay. So that's why I asked you to ask everyone you knew who had a connection to these buildings to come here today because we are gonna fight fire with fire. We're gonna create our own positive thought form, and we are gonna put it back in that building. We're gonna banish it. BERRY: Right now we're going to battle. We had Jesse call in family, friends, and employees. It will take the strength of all these people to fight this. It's a classic case of evil versus good. And there's no way we're gonna let it win. We believe that there's something dark in this building. And today you guys are gonna help us get rid of it. I want you guys to think about your most positive, happy experience with these buildings, whatever makes you happy when you think about this place. And I want you to envision that light in you. Inject this building with that positive, wonderful moment. BERRY: Repeat after me. "You are not welcome." ALL: You are not welcome. "You are banished." You are banished. BRUNI: The idea of positive energy may not seem like much, but in the paranormal realm, it's extraordinarily powerful. BRUNI: You keep telling it, "This is our space." If something like that comes back, like, immediately, you need to reclaim that space because it is yours. It's not theirs. There's no doubt this made a difference, but it's up to Jesse and his family to stay vigilant and keep control. Let us know if anything else happens in here. - Sure. - But I feel like what we did -- I could feel it working as we did it. Yeah, it's great. Thanks for coming in. Yeah. Our number-one priority is always the living, but in this case, we got to do even more. Our battle with evil is going to make it safe for the innocent spirits who remain here, like the orphans. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 