Light as a Feather: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Light as a Feather 
 s2e2 - Episode #2.2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Light as a Feather (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Episode #2.2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 NARRATOR: Previously on Light as a Feather. - McKenna Brady. I didn't think I'd see you again until the trial. - I've made a mistake. - You've got it, don't you? - Hey, I-I-I'm Peri. - Hi, I'm Alex. Yeah. - Let's go. Kiddie time's over. - You're in high school? - What the hell do you want? - Get used to it because the chrysalis 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 doesn't just affect your body it screws with your head, and then it starts to come for the ones you love. - McKenna, she tried to kill you. This is unbelievable. - Mom! TREY: That's got to be why Violet came up here. MCKENNA: Where do you think it goes to? - We can beat this-- you and me together. I can help. There's just one thing, though, I can't do it from in here. - Hey, what--what's going on? - Why don't you tell me? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I've been texting you since yesterday. - I know. I'm sorry, I-- - Do you know how worried I was? You were freaking out, then you ran away, and you weren't picking up your phone. - I know, and I was gonna call you, but my mom had an accident, and I had to take her to the hospital. - Wait, what? Is she okay? - Yeah, no, she's--she's fine. She just--she fell. And the doctors want to keep her for a couple of hours, but she'll--she'll be home this afternoon. - Well, I'm--I'm glad she's okay, but, seriously, what the hell happened last night? I don't know. I think, my meds got a little weird with that drink, and I got panicky and dizzy, and I just wanted to go home. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to worry you. - I get it. But next time, just talk to me, okay? - Okay. I... have to meet with my lawyers, but I will call you after, okay? - Sure. Actually, I-I wanted to ask you something. I've been trying to work on my college apps, and, I was just wondering if you want to take a look later? I've been looking at schools on the East Coast nearby where you're applying, and... I probably won't even get in, but... - Yeah. Of course. See you later, okay? - I'll have one coffee, please. BARISTA: Yeah. - Oh, hey. Can I get a coffee? - Here you go. PERI: Thanks. - You're welcome. - Hey, what are you doing here? - I work across the street, remember? - Right... PERI: I heard the music, and I thought, "Hey, that one elf looks really familiar." - Please tell me you didn't see all that just now. - Oh, you mean the big finale with the high kicks and the pointy shoes? No, I just, you know, thought it was a Stanford cheerleading thing. - I'm sorry, I couldn't resist. No, it-- - But it was cute, though, and you did great. - Well, now that you've seen me in my true natural habitat, can I interest you in a tree? You can use my employee discount. - Tempting, but I don't think I can even fit one of those through my door. - Yeah. - But... I was wondering if you'd want to maybe... - O-okay. Wait, don't--don't go anywhere. Shit. Okay, I'm so sorry. I need to run. - You have to go right now? - Yeah, it's--it's a thing with a friend, and I need to get home and change. I'm really sorry. PERI: Yeah, no worries. Maybe I'll catch you another time. - Wait, Peri. maybe I could text you later? If you want. - Text me. LAWYER: I just don't understand why you would do this, McKenna. If what you're saying right now is true, there will be serious consequences. - What's going on? - Evidentially McKenna-- - I need to speak with Alex alone. - What was that guy talking about? - I told them I wanted to drop the charges against Violet. - You what? - I said we lied in our original statement and that I don't feel comfortable going to trial anymore. - Are you having a stroke? Why would you do that? - Because we did lie, Alex. - Yeah, because we couldn't tell the police that Violet put a death curse on us. Mack, we agreed-- - Yeah, but we're gonna have to talk about it in trial under oath. Do you honestly think our story's gonna hold up when they start asking us questions? - Well, we have to try. She's dangerous, Mack. She needs to be locked up. She killed Candace and Olivia. She tried to kill us. MCKENNA: I know. We're not exactly innocent either, Alex. You attacked her in that bathtub, and if it weren't for the curse, you would've killed her, too. That's-- That's not the same thing. I was trying to save us. - Well, what about Jennie? Who were you trying to save that time? Why are you doing this? Are you ready? MCKENNA: I hereby admit... ALEX AND MCKENNA: To furnishing false information and facts to the Willow Falls Police Department that erroneously and unjustly led to the arrest of Violet Anne Simmons. I hereby request that the district attorney dismiss the above listed charges due to the fact that I intentionally and knowingly cast unwarranted blame on the accused. MCKENNA: I understand the seriousness of my actions and assume responsibility for all damages incurred. ALEX: I regret having presented deceiving testimony in a court proceeding, which is a crime under state law. MCKENNA: I apologize to Miss Simmons who has suffered greatly as the result of our unjust accusation. I also apologize to the state of California... ALEX AND MCKENNA: And Helm County for wasting valuable law enforcement time and resources. As restitution, I accept a court-mandated order of 20 hours of community service. VIOLET: Thanks. And my other key? MCKENNA: Why is that key so important, Violet? You said you could help me. - After you give me my key. - No, that was not the deal. Unless you want to march back in there--you can. - Okay, relax. I said I'd help you, and I'm going to. - Well, then stop wasting my time. What's the plan? - Well, I've been thinking a lot since we last talked, and we wanted Jennie to take on the curse, right? Well, it would've worked if Alex hadn't interrupted. - She interrupted because you were trying to kill me. VIOLET: Okay, point being, Jennie didn't finish pulling the curse out of you, so you're stuck with it now unless you can contact her again. - How am I supposed to do that? No. No. Absolutely not. I'm not playing that game again, Violet. - If you have any other suggestions, I'm all ears. But, I mean, either way, sooner or later, you've seen what this thing can do. And look what happened to your mom. - There has to be another way. - Look, if you don't want to do it, I can't force you. We can come up with some other options maybe tomorrow morning. - I can't. I have community service. - Then we will have time, 'cause I have community service, too. VIOLET: Hey, Mack. - What the hell are you doing here? - We both have community service, and carpooling is really good for the environment. - You can't just show up here. What if my mom sees you, or Trey? - Well, you better get in before they do. Here. You haven't told anyone I'm out? That could be a problem. Look, I get that you're going to catch shit for changing your testimony, but how long do you think that you can keep this up? Mack. Come on, they're gonna find out sooner or later. I mean, even if you push them away, the curse is still gonna go after them. Okay. Wait, wait, wait. Just listen. That night at the mausoleum, after we played the game, that was the happiest moment in my life. I mean, yeah, I gave Alex a minor concussion, and I stuffed you in a body bag, but our plan, it worked. I mean, the chrysalis was gone. - Yeah, no thanks to you. - That thing took everything from me. I gave up hoping that I would ever escape until you saved me. McKenna, I owe you. I really do. I-I know that I put you in this situation, and I'm truly sorry. I don't want you to have to do what I did or go through any of that. I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy. So, whatever you need, we'll fix it. We'll figure it out. I-I promise. I'm here for you. - Oh, you've got to be kidding me. - Alex. Hey, it's really good to see you. I'm so glad that, you dropped those charges. - I'm only telling you once. Stay the hell away from me. Both of you. - Alex. HOWARD: All right, watch your step. Watch your step. McKenna, you partner with her. You, grab your bucket. Come with me. Watch your step. It's slippery right here. - Hi. I'm McKenna. - Cool. You scrub, I'll spray. VIOLET: So I think this is gonna go faster if we strategize. - I'll get the top, you get the bottom. - You do know there's no prize for finishing first, right? RIDGE: So we spent every summer out there. You ever been to the lake? - Nope. - I can take you sometime, if you want. We have a house out there, so... - I'm really not interested, thanks. - Excuse me, could you pass me the-- - Wait, so you're not into guys? - Even if I were, no. RIDGE: All right, that--that's cool. - Sorry. Could you just-- - We can still hang out sometime, right? - Dude, I said I'm not interested. - I just--I need-- - Yeah, yeah, yeah. No pressure, just--- Thank you. - What the hell? HOWARD: Thanks for your work today. Don't forget to check your tools back in before you leave. - Can I give you a ride home? - No. I'd rather walk. - Okay, but, before I forget... I'm gonna need that key from you. - You'll get it back once you help, which you haven't yet. You want to prove you're sorry? Find another way. ALEX: How was class? - It was really good. You should stop by sometime. You know, I can get you a discount. - I know you're joking, but I actually do need to get back to working out. Back when I was competing-- I used to dance. Not, like, the Christmas elf kind, but, like, actual dance. - Yeah? Why'd you stop? Sorry, sorry, if you don't want to talk about it-- - No, I, --I owe you an explanation anyway. Do you remember at the party what my sister said about me OD'ing? Well... I got busted abusing prescription study aids a couple of months ago and got kicked off the dance team, and then two of my best friends died. So it's been kind of a terrible year. - Well, I'm-- I'm so sorry, Alex. - Thanks. It's been rough, but... When I met you, you seemed so cool, and my life is such a mess right now, so I lied. But this is the real Alex. A druggie high schooler with a rap sheet. I'm a catch, I know. - First of all, it's not like you're a convicted felon. And secondly, I'm only a couple years older than you. Look, I'm not gonna pretend that I understand what you're going through, but I do get wanting a fresh start. You know, that's why I took a semester off from school. I'm trying to figure some things out for myself, too. - Yeah. - Yeah. - How is that working out for you? - Apparently I have a thing for lady criminals. It's so weird. Is that a Christmas present for McKenna? - W-what are you doing here? - I'm shopping. What does it look like I'm doing? - How the hell did you get out? - Oh, McKenna didn't tell you? I just assumed. She did at least give you a heads-up about recanting her statement, though, right? - Yeah. Of course. - I figured. Well, I'm really glad that we cleared things up. My nana is so excited to have me home for Christmas. Happy Holidays. Hey. What's up? - Hey. You didn't call me after your meeting with the lawyers yesterday. Everything okay? MCKENNA: Yeah. Shit, I'm sorry. I forgot. - Don't worry about it. So how'd it go? - It was fine. We just had to read our statements one last time, you know, just so we're ready. - -And it was all good? - Yeah, I guess. You know, I'm--I'm sorry. I-I'm actually finishing my applications right now. Can I call you tomorrow? - Sure. Good luck with that. - Oh, my God. DEB: I'm so sorry. I was at work all day yesterday. And you're--wait. You're absolutely sure there's nothing we can do? I see. Okay, thank you. - Hey. What's going on? - That was our lawyer. Please tell me this is all a terrible misunderstanding. - No, okay, look... DEB: Did Violet say something to you? I mean, has she threatened you at all? - No, no. It was nothing like that. She didn't do anything. - Then why? I mean, what-- what could possibly possess you to do this? - We lied... about everything. What happened that night, it--it wasn't Violet's fault. DEB: What are you saying? That girl attacked you, McKenna. I had to resuscitate you out of a body bag. MCKENNA: No, you don't understand. It was my idea to go to the mausoleum. It was just some dumb dare. No one was supposed to get hurt. DEB: Hold on. Are you telling me that you stole your sister's ashes on a dare? - It wasn't supposed to get so out of hand. But then you and Trey showed up, and then the police started asking us questions, and we just freaked out. We thought that if we would blame it all on Violet, it would just all go away, and... I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I-I know that what we did was so awful, but we just didn't want to get in trouble. Mom... please say something. - I can't. I just... I don't even know who you are right now, McKenna. - Found out some fun information about our lovely cohorts. You know what he did? Stole a car, got drunk, crashed it into a building. He's lucky he didn't kill anyone. And his daddy's loaded. Oh, he smashed a bottle over a guy's head. Said he deserved it, but jury of his peers disagreed. Oh, and this one? She stabbed her stepbrother in the neck with a protractor. Good thing she missed all the vital arteries. And your new friend here-- she's the resident klepto. Guess she couldn't score herself a better pair of headphones, though. - Why are you telling me all of this? - I'm just saying that everyone here is here for a reason. Hey. I heard it's your last day. We should all get together later. Hey, Mack. Over here. - Hey, what's up? - What's going on? - We're just celebrating Sammi's last day. This is Ridge, Luke, Nadia. We were actually just talking about going back to Ridge's lake house and maybe having a few drinks, playing some games. - I can give you a ride if you want. - N-no, sorry. Violet and I actually have some place to be. Thank you, though. Congrats. You are unbelievable. After that bullshit story about how you don't want to put me through this, and now you want me to kill those people? - That wasn't bullshit. Like I said, I'm the one that got you in this position. I'm gonna get you out of it alive. - Why do you care? I don't even know what I was thinking after what you did to Candace and Olivia, not to mention Henry is missing and Isaac ended up in a coma. I don't know why I thought I could trust you. We're leaving, now. VIOLET: Look, I get that you're mad at me, but if you want to beat this together, you're gonna have to talk to me. MCKENNA: Shit, Trey. Trey? Trey, I-- I can explain. - Stop. Please, just stop. I know about you dropping the charges, okay? - You know, I-- TREY: I knew what I called you. - I can explain. - McKenna, I can't stand another lie from you. If you won't tell me what's actually happening, then I don't want to-- I don't want to hear it. Well? That's what I thought. I tried, McKenna. I-I really tried. I thought, "Whatever she's going through, "whatever it is, she'll let me know when she's ready." But you clearly don't trust me like that. - No, I do trust you. - Then why can't you just tell me what's going on? - Because--because of this. You always do this Trey. You treat me like I'm some helpless person that needs to be protected, but I don't need to be saved! I-I can make my own decisions. - I'm not trying to save you! - Yes! Yes, you are! And you know what? This is my life, Trey. I don't owe you anything! - You're right. You're right. You don't owe me anything, and you clearly want space, so I'll give you space. - What are you saying? - Maybe it's best if we just... take a break for now. - Yeah, maybe it is. DEB: She's already admitted to everything and signed the paperwork. Well, if she finishes her community service, it won't go on her permanent record. Y-yes, of course I know how serious this is! No, don't-- JOGGER: Hello? Are you okay? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 