Project Runway All Stars: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Project Runway All Stars 
 s1e3 - Patterning for Piggy - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Project Runway All Stars (2012–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Patterning for Piggy - full transcript 
 Miss Piggy takes charge as client and guest judge when the All Stars create a cocktail dress for the Muppets' most demanding diva. Will the designers live up to the high standards of this international fashion icon? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Project Runway: All Stars... Please welcome to the runway Mark Badgley and James Mischka. We want you to design a glamorous, gorgeous evening gown. But you have just one day to turn it around. No, I don't want the red no more. Somebody else is doing... red. Who the [Bleep] cares? If you wanna do red, do [Bleep] red! I don't consider myself a gown designer. Oh, why did I just do that? I guess I'm just praying it works. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 This is your favorite thing. Everybody's watching you. I just really wanna make sure that I do the best I can. I love the new context for white. She's certainly not going home alone in that dress. You definitely know how to cut a beautiful dress. It looks fresh and classic. Congratulations, Austin. You're the winner of this challenge. Thank you very, very much. I really thought ball gown. I get more, like, sort of prom dress from this. It looks like a dirndl skirt. Sweet p, you're out. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 13 of the best designers from project runway are back. And this time, competition is tougher than ever. Each week their skills are tested to the limit as they compete for the biggest prize in runway history. Who will be cut, and who will have it all sewn up? This is project runway all stars. The winner of project runway all stars will sell their merchandise with an exclusive boutique in select neiman marcus stores and on neimanmarcus.com. The winner will also get a spread in Marie Claire magazine and a position as guest editor for one year, $100,000 in technology and office space from Hp and Intel, a sewing and embroidery studio provided by Brother International, and a cash prize of $100,000, courtesy of L'oreal Paris. - Hi, designers. - Designers: Hi. This week we want you to create a flamboyant cocktail dress for one of the most famous fashionistas in the world. This international celebrity turns heads wherever she goes. She's had everyone from Burberry  to Prada design exclusively for her. And you could be next. So we're all thinking, like, ?adonna, ?her, Lady Gaga. And the name of this demanding diva is... Miss Piggy! Oh, my god. I love it. It's miss Piggy. My nieces are gonna flip. I'm thrilled. I think that's awesome. I'm really excited. Miss Piggy is starring in the new movie the muppets, and she's looking to you for a headline-making cocktail dress to wear while promoting the film. At this point, project runway all stars, they are really pulling out the talent from our toenails, honey. They pulling it from the feet on up. I'm going to get to design a dress for a muppet. The winning designer's cocktail dress will be modified for miss Piggy's figure. Okay. And... Miss Piggy herself will be here live in the judge's chair. And I'm so excited to meet her. She's like fashion's dream client. You guys better impress her, 'cause you know she is gonna have an opinion. So you have $150, a trip to mood, and the rest of the day to get it together. So good luck, and we'll see you on the runway. Bye. Designers: Bye. Knowing that miss Piggy has had well-known designers like marc jacobs, prada, burberry design for her, I feel like, well, they wouldn't do anything too silly and--and costume-y. So I want to see miss Piggy do a '60s mod thing. I love miss Piggy. I grew up watching the cartoon, and I saw the movies, and I love her. She's awesome. She reminds me of myself. She's just got this, like, va-va-voom about her. This is really cool. Miss Piggy? I mean, I have a seven-year-old. He loves the muppet babies. I love the muppet babies. I'm gonna make her something fabulous. Let's go. Let's go, let's go. Every designer, of course, has a different method of working. I usually have an idea of what I'm looking for. It's pink. I definitely thought that I would create something with this pink bow concept. A lot of people I see are buying black. Me and Austin are having, like, some pink to it. Need about six yards of this. But why not wearing pink if she is pink? Pink is a happy color. We got one minute. You think it's a game? It's sort of like a marathon, really. You're just running and grabbing, running and grabbing. Excuse me. Hey, guys, time's up. Get in line. I am excited to see what everyone comes up with. I think we're all having so much fun with this challenge. All right, mood. I'ma holler at ya. Thank you. It seems to me like a lot of the designers are doing structure. But to stay true to my own vision of designing, I decided to do what it is, really, that's me. And I'm more about youthful and free-flowing and showing the feminine side of a woman. And I think that's what miss Piggy brings to a lot of people. Gordana's dress is really, really beautiful. I think it's quiet and soft. But I don't think it fits this challenge, and I don't feel like it gives enough of a statement. I definitely am competitive, and I want to win, and I want to get to the grand prize. The mood in the workroom is quite serious. Everyone is starting to feel that. The pressure is on. Ugh. Hey, Rami. Yeah? What size were those purple shoes up there? Ten. They're tens? I want those pink gloves. Don't take those. I went up to the stunning neiman marcus accessory wall, and mondo wanted the same pink gloves as me. Can I just claim one thing? Can I just have these pink gloves? Um, I just said that. I was like, "oh, my god. I don't feel good about that." So I was like, "okay, mondo, I'll do blue." No, whatever. She was like, "do you want these gloves?" And I was like, "I just don't want to argue about it. Go ahead, take the damn gloves." But, you know, it's really pissing me off. Coming up on you think I can sex up miss Piggy? It's tacky. How does a pig feel about wearing a giraffe print? Oh, my god. This week's challenge, we are creating a flamboyant cocktail frock for the legendary beauty miss Piggy. I just really can't wait to meet miss Piggy in person. It's going to be incredible. I have mixed feelings about it being miss Piggy. On the one hand, um, I grew up with the muppets, and I love the muppets. On the other hand, how am I going to translate my point of view into something that she would wear? Do you think I can sex up miss Piggy? Expose some skin? I think miss Piggy is so stylish. She's so sexy. She's a 21st century little fashionista. Ah, that's the cutout. I like it. I love it, too. Cute. Thank you. What I'm designing for miss Piggy is a flirty, colorful-- it's a happy dress, is what I would call it. I think the miss Piggy dress that he's doing is very girly, very flirty, fun, but maybe a little safe. Why is my zipper doing the snake? Well, you were supposed to first take a seam down and then put the zipper in, so that way it doesn't stretch it while you're applying it. Right, but now that we're past that, Gordana... You are [Bleep] out of luck. Damn. My design for miss Piggy is beautiful. I think that it has a level of sex appeal. I know miss Piggy is always a lady, so I think we're already on the right course, because I always say being a lady never goes out of style. So what are you doing? What's your plan? You know, I know you don't like to talk, but guess what? You're my neighbor now, so you're gonna have to get used to it. Being in the bottom two last week, all I'm focusing on is-- is doing the challenge right now. I'm not even thinking about the bottom, who's in the top, any of that crap, you know. I'm not talking to people. I'm just working away, making sure the garment's impeccable and just really focusing on what I have to get done. I think this challenge is perfect for me. I think miss Piggy could wear all of the stuff I've made in the past. I'm definitely gonna incorporate my retro style. I mean, I have a full circle skirt and an animal print. You like it? It's gorgeous. She loves animal prints, too. Yeah, she likes animal prints. She does love animal prints. There are some people in the workroom who seem very, very needy for others' opinions all the time. And I'm just not like that. I mean, this is a competition, after all. Just heat it and see if you can bend it. It might work. Hi, designers. Designers: Hi. I'm back. And what a fabulous challenge. I think this is possibly one of the best challenges in the history of project runway, and I can't wait to see what you're all gonna do. Joanna Coles--I really, really do appreciate her. I think she just has the knowledge and a sophistication about herself that she really lends to her critique. Gordana, hello. Hi. So talk to me about this. I wanted to--to present her in more youthful way because I have noticed in pictures that she has really pretty legs. Hm. So I want to show off her legs. Right. I am designing a short dress that--that has a lot of movement, is chic and flirty and girly and happy. It's almost like carefree. I know you haven't finished yet. I'm getting a bit of a nightgown vibe from this. Really? What's it gonna take for you to translate this to a cocktail dress? Well, once, um--when I do my hems, I stretch them. That gives it a really nice finished look. This is going to be so comfortable for her. I mean, the thing I have learned from shooting celebrities for the cover of the magazine is sometimes you--you know, they wear double spanks. They'll wear saran wrap if it means they can get into a dress. I don't think comfort, when you're dressing a mega-celebrity like miss Piggy, should really matter. Yeah. Make sure that Gordana's dress stands out. I'm hoping. I'm hoping. All right, good luck. Thank you. Mila, hello. Hi, joanna. Now, this is a wonderful detail. Loving that. It looks great. And I just thought it's a little peek-a-boo. It's kind of sexy but still demure. And I'm trying to make her very, like, a little bit mod '60s and kind of classy. Tell me a little bit about the hair. I'm gonna try to make a sort of a headband. Don't forget she has two big ears. Oh, yes. I mean, they really do sort of prop up-- funny, I forgot that. Here, like this, so with a headband, be careful. Mm, that's a good point. I mean, I don't want her not to be able to hear. Mila's aesthetic really is so sort of severe that I'm concerned whether or not she will be able to bring the humor and whimsy to miss Piggy's dress. All right, good luck. I can't wait to see her in it. All right, thank you. So you're a girly girl. Yes. Miss Piggy is a girly girl. This should be a perfect challenge for you. I love it. I can't wait. Oh, my gosh. Well, she likes wearing leopard. True. I've seen her in a lot of leopard. Good--good reply. She loves leopard. Isn't that funny? That's a good point. Okay, so good luck. Austin, hi. How excited are you to have the opportunity to meet thrilled. As long as I can remember, she's been an inspiration. I feel I do really understand I feel that in many ways we are kindred spirits. You know, I myself like to pepper my conversation with little french phrases the same way miss Piggy does. Sometimes I refer to myself as moi. Okay, show me what you're planning to do with this. Where does it go? Down? Up? So this goes there. Mm-hmm. I think really what is gonna be going on is, in the back will be, like, a gigantic pink sculptured bow. It will actually sort of wrap around the body as well. It will be like a multiple-- right, she's not gonna look like she's gift-wrapped? Well... She may a little bit, and I think that that is sort of part of the humor and the fantasy about miss Piggy. Good luck. This looks like it's channeling a little bit of the '60s. I thought about miss Piggy and how she brought joy to my childhood. And I wanted to give her something from her childhood. I'm assuming that she was born in the '60s, so I went back to the '60s. Uh-huh. And then I think I was just gonna make a very architectural kind of kerchief right here. And I bought some nice large covered buttons to put right there. Keep your focus for this challenge, 'cause there's a lot of competition in this room, as I'm sure you've seen. Bye-bye. Guys, I have to go now. It's been great to see everybody again, and there's so much--so much going on in this room. I'm beside myself. Don't disappoint miss Piggy. Good luck. Designers: Thank you. My model comes in, and I fit a muslin sleeve on her first, and it's way off. Let me tell you, sleeves are not easy. I'm feeling like this is a lot of work to get done in a very short amount of time. I think it's a fun, girly-girly dress. Michael's design looks very amateur. It looks like a princess seam dress with some bubbles on her boobs. I am going forward with my original thought of the dress. I don't have other choice. I don't have other fabric, so whatever. But in my head, I feel very secure. This dress will be gorgeous. Gorgeous, darling. Sometimes people are on their "a" game, and sometimes they're not. And not for nothing, but you can just go in a regular department store and pick up that dress. Hey, everybody, we got five minutes left. I am not liking the way this is going at all. It looks heavy. It looks overthought. It's, like, really bad. I don't know what's going on. Tomorrow I'm going to have to really hustle to finish it up. I like the neckline. Without the turquoise top. I was gonna do long sleeves. Maybe I won't. I think that kara and kenley are becoming quite co-dependent, actually. Get your zipper foot, and just go right in and do a little tch-tch-tch. You know, I just don't understand this dynamic that they have. It's like, this isn't a team competition. Only one person can win. Let's call it a night. Coming up on I'm realizing how much work I still have left. I think this is the challenge that we will have no more Austin scarlett. I was about to eat a piece of bacon this morning. You better not say that in front of her. What is your advice to a younger designer? We have moments of laughter. From fatigue and exhaustion and pressure, of course. What's your advice for them? What do you tell them? What do you tell them? Find another profession! And it's sort of like a breath of fresh air when it happens. You know what? Oprah said this on her show. When you have pled and begged and given--and just given everything that you've got, all you can do is surrender. So at this point, I'm just gonna surrender to the atmosphere. The ceiling could fall down, and I'm not gonna move. I'm just gonna lay there and surrender. We can all laugh at each other, which is so nice because it lets down your guard, and you breathe, and you laugh, and, like, I don't know. We just--we formed our little family. That's why I love you, kara. It's the morning of the runway show, and I'm nervous because I'm looking around the room, and everybody seems to be creating something really interesting and unique. I'm just hoping that, uh, they can appreciate the amount of design and detail that I've put into it. For once I just would like to have this completely done the night before. I'm realizing how much work I still have left, and I'm getting a little nervous. I really want to be able to tweak the skirt, then all the interfacings to really create, you know, volume and the drama in the bow. Don't worry, miss Piggy. We'll fit it to perfection. I honestly didn't care for Austin's. I'll tell you the truth. I think this is the challenge I was about to eat a piece of bacon this morning, and I felt so convicted. Don't...Don't even... I felt so convicted. I already feel bad for all her children I've eaten in the past. Hi, hon, how you doing? You look great. There's a lot of things I want to try on her. There's a lot of ideas that need to be resolved. So I'm just working with her. I'm sort of like playing dress-up barbie at this point. Where did my pink gloves go? And the pearl bracelet? Yes? You took the pearl bracelet, too? Yes, I did. It was a whole group of my stuff. I didn't see any tags on anything. I showed joanna the whole story yesterday. Kara and I both have the sort of same accessories in mind. It's--you know, it's a difficult situation to be in. Looks amazing. I just--my shoes are gone now. I mean, we all want the same when you're friends with someone, you have a respect, but you also must acknowledge the fact that you are competitors. All right, kara, this is, like, the second time you're stealing my accessories. I didn't steal your accessories. Look how beautiful. Kenley, that is just so-- adorable? I love it. Okay, good. So I still feel confident that I will probably win. I feel like...Yeah. I feel confident. I always feel confident. You think it's a little much? Kenley did a giraffe print princess seam dress. Just like the other dresses that she's already done, but just in giraffe print. My dress is coming together, so I sent my model to l'oreal hair and makeup. A little more rose on the cheeks. We love what you did last time. I want the same exact look. Wanna make it really matte, very clean. Let's fill in these eyebrows and make her look like a beautiful doll. A '60s sex kitten. So kind of a veronica lake kind of moment? Yeah, veronica lake. Thank you, gorgeous. You guys always surprise me and amaze me. Maybe you should do, like, a little-- miss Piggy--her bacon's gonna sizzle when she sees my look. I kind of like that. Aren't you just the sweetest little thang? I'm gonna meet miss Piggy, and I'm thrilled. You look stunning. My little girl's gonna get such a kick. Here's miss Piggy, and she's talking to mommy. Be like, "wow." Okay, guys, let's head down to the runway. It's time to put on makeup. Time to light the lights. It's time to get things started for miss Piggy's dress tonight. This is the most garish, outlandish, ridiculous thing I've ever seen. It looks like a candy store exploded. Hello, designers. Welcome to the runway. Well, as it's been said on project runway, one day you're in, and the next you're out. And that's never been more true than on all stars. This week's challenge was to create a flamboyant cocktail dress for one of the biggest stars in the world to wear while promoting her movie. Let's meet the judges. First, the designer and founder of marchesa, the gorgeous georgina chapman. Isaac cannot be with us today, but we have two fabulous guest judges. First is the stylist to some of the hottest names in entertainment. He won an emmy for his work on sex and the city, and now he's the costume designer for the uber-hip gossip girl. Eric daman. Hey, guys. And last, but not least, we are honored to be in the presence of a true superstar. Say hello to the legendary kissy, kissy, everyone. We better not keep miss Piggy waiting, so let's get started. as I see my model walking down the runway, I'm getting exactly what I wanted. There was some serious head-turning in that dress. What a dress. So beautiful. I think that it's a great look. It's kind of got this, like, tim burton feel. Like a cartoon, almost. I think miss Piggy will definitely appreciate it. I love my look. The color would be great on her. Miss Piggy--she's gotta love it. You know, the movement's great. The colors are gorgeous. I'm happy with how it looks. I think she looks really she looks very beautiful, looks like she could go to a party, and I'm really happy with the look. Wow, what a beautiful dress. You could see some sexiness, but it's still very polished. I think miss Piggy or any woman would enjoy the design that I've created. I think she definitely stands out in the crowd. She sets a different tone. She is vibrant, colorful, flirty, and just beautiful. It's exactly the look I was going for. And I think it's a dress that I could see on a lot of hollywood a-listers on the red carpet. The look that I have is girly and happy and chic. And I think of all these young girls who love miss Piggy and who would love to see her in that dress. I really feel that the aesthetic and look I was going for is achieved. I really can't tell what the judges' reactions are. I never can. Sometimes they scribble more furiously than other times, but you never know if that's good scribbling or bad scribbling. I think that this dress is really fun and flirty, and it has a lot of personality. And I have no doubt in my mind that I'm going to be in the top three. If I call your name, please step forward. Austin. Rami. Gordana. Kenley. Mila. And Michael. If I called your name, I have good news and bad news. The good news is three of you have the highest scores. The bad news is three of you have the lowest. The rest of you, congratulations. You're safe. Your designs will keep you in the competition, and you may leave the runway. Okay, designers, let's bring out your models. So Austin, why don't you tell us about your look? I thought that the sort of combination of pink and gray was very classic Piggy. Georgina, what are your thoughts? I mean, the dress is very-- you know, it's beautifully constructed. However, I do think the choice of gray and pink perhaps was just not quite the right pink. It's not reading very happy right now, and I think when you think of miss Piggy, you think of happy. Something that I do in my profession quite a bit as a costume designer and a stylist is that we need to really consider a woman's silhouette versus a model's silhouette. The bows are really gonna accentuate those hips in probably a way that they don't need to be accentuated. Austin, I think that the shape of your dress is really but something in the combination of the gray and the way that it's constructed is throwing off my eye. Miss Piggy, would you like to share your thoughts on Austin's ummmm...Where to start but the bows? The bows. I'm not really sure if it's-- it's a--if it's a functional I mean, can you hula hoop in that? Well, actually, I think the bows would probably keep the hula hoop up, to be honest. Oh. Well, that's a good thought. Rami. Tell us about your cocktail when I went into mood, I instantly gravitated towards this polka-dot organza because it just was festive. And I noticed that she moves a lot, so I felt like the flounces would flutter and sort of--around her almost like petals of a rose. And this is what I came up with. I felt like this was my inspiration. This could be a difficult dress for the average woman to wear. Yeah, but I'm not average. Exactly. You went for it, and I'm really pleased that you went for it, because I think this is a real opportunity to have a lot of fun, and this dress is fun. It walked out, and it made me smile, and it had a little wink my only criticisms would be if you're using a polka dot, it's hard when you've got seams down the front 'cause that throws the eye a bit. Right, right. But good job. Thank you so much. I agree. I think you had a lot of fun with it--it's a really great little fun dress. Gives me, like, parisian hog couture. I really think that it's almost like-- excuse me? Parisian hog couture. I think it's perfect. That's a dig, isn't it? It was not a dig. Why would I dig at someone so lovely as you? Be careful. What do you think, miss well, I have to say that this is the most garish, outlandish, ridiculous thing I have ever seen. I love it! I love it, yes! Gordana, tell us about your cocktail dress. First of all, I have to say that miss Piggy, she has made my--my children very happy. And when I was thinking about designing dress for her, I wanted to create that happiness that she has brought. I think it's a really pretty I'm just a little concerned that she's premiering a huge film, and it may be a little understated or sophisticated. To my mind, you made a very pretty cocktail dress but then dressed it up with the gloves for miss Piggy. And I think, to me, that's where the dress doesn't--it doesn't quite fit. It is a fine, fine dress. I don't know if it's moi. That's all. Michael, tell us about your I was so excited when I heard it was you, miss Piggy, who we were designing a cocktail dress for. So I still wanted to keep her fresh, you know, looking amazing, fashion-forward, because she is a style icon. You took the project in a slightly different direction, maybe a more sophisticated direction, but I do think it still works. Can we see her do a little turn? Yeah, I like the zipper in the back. I thought that was a nice very good job. You know, I love the black glove and the black hat, but because miss Piggy loves pink so much, I would even consider maybe going pink for her. I love that dress. It looks like a present. Oh, thank you. Yes, um, a present for kermie. Awww. So mila, tell us about your cocktail dress for miss Piggy. When I heard some of the caliber of designers that she was wearing, I decided to go in a more hollywood "it" girl kind of streamlined direction. Where in your dress, like, does the flamboyant aspect come in? Well, you know, I do struggle with the "flamboyant" adjective because that's not really true to my point of view as a designer. I think, you know, when you're designing for the red carpet, color photographs better, and it gets picked up by more magazines. So stylists-- correct me if I'm wrong-- will normally go for color because girls will get more photographic images that way. You have such great linearity, and, like, the idea of graphism in your designs is really great. But you could've had a lot of fun with color on this one, and I'm sad that we didn't get to see that from you. I love that it's retro. Um, it just doesn't scream does not scream miss Piggy. No. It whispers it. Kenley. Okay, well, I wanted to make her demand attention when she walked into a room. I wanted it to say, "this movie's gonna be fun. I'm in it. I'm fabulous." The color was great. I think it popped, and it made me smile. I am a little concerned with the construction of the top. How is it constructed? Um, it's with boning, and the fabric is upholstery fabric, so it's super-thick. So even without boning, it'd probably hold. To our eyes--I mean, to me, anyway--it looks like it's stuck down. And I think that would make someone feel uncomfortable when they're looking at someone about to just about fall out. But I think overall she would look great in it. I also think it's cute. It's whimsical. I love the idea of using kind of a modern-day giraffe print that's in that pink that kind of takes everyday leopard into a very modern twist. I think the hat is great. When you're dressing stars, you need to take into consideration things that they're sensitive about, like their ears. And I think that hat would be perfect for her. What about my ears? You may have a little sensitivity with your ears, I heard. You wear hats. Yes, I do, I do. But not to hide my ears. I do love the hat, though. Oh, fabulous. Because after a big night out on the town, I can just go home and use the hat to clean my pots and pans. There you go. Thank you, designers. We're gonna have a little moment to deliberate, and you can leave the runway. Well, guys, that was a pretty fun runway. Let's talk about our low scores. So let's start with Austin's it was flamboyant, I guess you could say, but not flamboyant in a classy way. I imagine that you want to look classy when you're promoting this movie. Well, naturally. The dress itself seemed a little, like, '90s gaultier redux and just not apropos for mademoiselle here. I did like how shiny it was. Almost futuristic. Futuristic in the way that if he was designing for pigs in space, it would've worked. Yes. The construction was good, but was it good in that fabric? What woman wants to be in tight satin? And every seam shows, and every wrinkle shows. But those bows! Those bows on the side. They were very unfortunate. That's--that's a very gentle way of putting it. How about we talk about mila's dress? This one we were a little surprised by, right? It was very retro, but it was also kind of goth. It had a little '60s mod wednesday addams thing going on, which I don't think is right for she as a designer was thinking more of this dress as a piece in her collection, rather than thinking about what the challenge is. I think, you know, if you're given a commission, it's your job as a designer to still keep your aesthetic but please your client. Exactly. I mean, I'd kind of like to see you in this goth dress. It could be fun. Yes, yes, maybe a good halloween costume. I want to hear what you think about Gordana's dress. It just kind of sat there for I kind of wondered, where's the rest of it? It had too much gray in it. It wasn't a happy pink. It's not gonna flatter your curves. Ah. Let's talk about our top scorers. Kenley's cocktail dress. I like the shape of the bust, but I feel like the construction of it was a little dubious. I kept feeling like, is it gonna pop off any second? I've never worn giraffe print before. I'm not really sure what it says. Leopard print I understand. You know, a leopard's fierce. A giraffe--what is a giraffe? And a pink giraffe. And a pink giraffe at that. This was a very fun dress. It definitely says, "hello! Look at me!" And you like that. Well, of course. I love the fact that he chose just a whimsical, beautiful polka-dot pattern. I could see you having, you know, a great time on the red carpet and just being beautiful and fantastic. You know, I thought, given any other project, we would've been like, "what is that?" Totally. But in this context, I think he did a great job. So let's talk about Michael's you can imagine a million girls loving that dress, and including you. I think, you know, where he let himself down was in the styling. And I think, you know, where Rami really pushed the boundaries, Michael perhaps fell a little. Well, I definitely agree. I don't think black is for miss Piggy. Yeah, I don't normally wear leather. I just wonder how you think that little hat, that top hat would actually work with your silhouette and your gorgeous ears, and how--if you would feel comfortable with that, or if it would accentuate it in the wrong way. Eric--eric, can you come here? Yes, Piggy? I-I just want to, uh, button that button on your shirt. Hi-yah! Cut that out, will ya? Stop it with all the pig remarks. And my ears are just fine, thank you very much. They are fine. I just want to help you accentuate them. Are we all in agreement? I think so. Okay, let's bring the designers back in. So one of you has the highest score and wins this week's challenge... one of you has the lowest and will be leaving us tonight. Designers, miss Piggy, eric, georgina, and I are all really impressed with your designs. There's a lot of humor and style in all of your work. Kenley, you're safe. You can leave the runway. Rami, Michael, you have the highest scores, which means miss Piggy will be wearing one of your designs to promote her movie the muppets. Name the winning designer? I would be honored. The winning designer... Is someone who made a fabulous dress for a fabulous model. And that someone is... wait for it... that someone... Is Michael. Yes! Congratulations, Michael. Yeah! Awesome. Thank you, miss Piggy. Do you have a date? Yes, I do. But thank you for asking. I am so flattered. Maybe if you were a little bit shorter and green. Michael, you can leave the runway. This was so exciting. I wasn't thinking about who's gonna hate me or--or what's gonna happen. I was just blown away. Congratulations! Rami, it was a very tough competition, and we loved your dress, too. Thank you so much. Congratulations. You're safe. You can leave the runway. Pleasure meeting you. Austin. Thank you. Thank you, Austin. Mila, Gordana, you're both great designers, but only one of you can stay. Gordana. You made a really pretty dress. And that's exactly the problem. You didn't push the envelope. Miss Piggy is always someone who stands out in a crowd. Mila. We appreciate you being true to your design point of view, but this challenge was all about celebrating your client. And your dress was just not which means, I'm sorry to say, Gordana, but you're out. Mila, thank you. We will see you next week. Gordana, thank you for being part of all stars. No, thank you for this opportunity. This is a great honor to be here. We wish you lots of luck. Thank you again. So nice to meet you. You really are an all-star, remember that. Bye. It's like every time I get into these challenges, it's just something unleashes in you, and you just want to push farther. So I'm looking forward to going back home and--and unleashing it. Sweetie, are you all right? Yeah, I'm okay. The one thing that I want to say to--to people, especially women in my age who have given up their lives, you know, to raise their families, to send their children to college-- it's never too late to follow your own dream, whatever it might be. Next on Project Runway: All Stars... Please welcome Diane Von Furstenberg. You only have six hours. This is the fastest challenge in project runway history. The whole entire room is stressing. I'm just sewing. Sewing and running. What the [Bleep] am I gonna make in six hours? Please welcome australian supermodel Miranda Kerr. Hi, guys. It's just all over the place. There was no passion in this dress. It's just not flattering. You know you've missed. Synced, corrected by mercurian2007 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 