Project Runway All Stars: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Project Runway All Stars 
 s1e2 - A Night at the Opera - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Project Runway All Stars (2012–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - A Night at the Opera - full transcript 
 The All Stars have just 24 hours to create glamorous ball gowns for a night at the Opera. Guest judges are kings of the red carpet, fashion duo Mark Badgley and James Mischka. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Project Runway All Stars... Hello, designers. All: Hi. It's a new host, new judges. Project Runway All Stars is a new chance. I think it's exciting. Are you ready for your first challenge? Oh, gosh. We've given you a 99-cent store. Lord, please let me grow. April's dress... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It looks just like what you're doing. I don't know if I'm in the competitive mood yet. Oh, no. Oh, my God. My glue gun, like, melted through my whole dress. [Bleep]! - This is a very wearable look. - The dress was like... what happened? You mastered all of these elements. You made them your bitch. You can photograph this. You could put it in an editorial in a magazine. Rami, you are the winner of this challenge. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 If you read the story on this sleeve, you read it on that sleeve, it's a good story. You can't stand at the end of the runway and explain your look for half an hour. I love clothes that tell me the story the minute they hit the runway. I'm sorry to say, Elisa, you're out. 13 of the best designers from Project Runway are back. And this time competition is tougher than ever. Each week, their skills tested to the limit, as they compete for the biggest prize in runway history. Who will be cut, and who will have it all sewn up? This is Project Runway All Stars. The winner of project runway All Stars will sell their merchandise within an exclusive boutique at select Neiman-Marcus stores and on neimanmarcus.Com. The winner will also get a spread in Marie Claire magazine and a position as guest editor for one year, $100,000 in technology and office space from hp and intel, a sewing and embroidery studio, provided by brother, international, and a cash prize of $100,000, courtesy of l'oreal Paris. - Hi, designers. - All: Hi, Angela. So, you all made it through your first week's challenge. How do you feel? Safe. It's great to have you all here. This week is all about high-end glamour. It's time to show us how All Stars can create showstopping ball gowns for high-society events. Our guest judges this week are two iconic designers. To tell us more about your challenge, please welcome to the runway mark badgley and James mischka. I've always seen badgley mischka as sort of a career path that I could pattern myself after somewhat. They really have built a really fantastic empire of evening wear. Mark and James, welcome to Project Runway: All Stars! Thank you so much. Delighted to be here. So why don't you guys tell us all about this challenge? The challenge is "a night at the opera." We want you to design a gorgeous evening gown for a very glamorous evening. I love the opera. I grew up with opera music, listening to Luciano Pavarotti, Andrea Bocelli. We want you to really turn some heads with this look-- classic and elegant at the same time. This is your chance to really indulge your fantasies and make a fabulous dress that only goes to the opera. It doesn't have to go anywhere else. We're looking for a true couture touch. It should be romantic and feminine and soft. If you're about the black dress, it should be the most dazzling black dress we've ever seen. I really want to impress them. Come on, those are the big boys. Evening wear I can do, but it's not my "paboom" moment. Whereas it's Austin's "papoom." I have a lot of respect for Austin, but he's going to have to bring it, 'cause I'm not gonna slack off, and may the best man win. So, designers, you have a budget of $350 to create your gown. But you have just one day to turn it around. One simply cannot create a couture dress in one day. It usually takes weeks, if not months. Can't make it too easy for you. Of course not. All Stars. So good luck. Mark, James, and I will see you back here on the runway. I knew this was coming, and this is definitely not my strong point. This is Anthony's hp tablet. I'm making this amazing red dress. I think Georgina's gonna steal that dress right off the runway. I know I wanna do red. When I was on season eight, I used tons and tons of black. So I really wanna show the judges that I can do other colors and stuff, but they still fit my aesthetic. Like, something more, like, fitted. The first season of runway, they called me the "king of couture." If I do not do amazingly well on this challenge, I will be embarrassed and humiliated. Last week's challenge, when I was in the bottom, I was petrified. My heart was pounding out of my chest. It sucks to be in the bottom 'cause it makes it seem like I'm some kind of loser. I never design before I go to mood. I go to mood, and I bring back the materials, and I just let them kind of tell me what to do. Okay, you guys ready to go to mood? All: Yeah. All right, let's go. Let's go to mood! So, it is a mad dash at mood. You know, you forget just how short a half hour really, really is. I'm running through mood, and I see this light-pink fabric with black polka dots, and it's so me, it's so girly and beautiful, and I immediately went for that. There wasn't enough of it, so I got scared 'cause I wanted to do the whole dress in it. So I found a matching pink organza. 15 minutes, guys. 15 minutes. I see the different fabrics that I want and how they have the same red tone, um, that I was looking for--this kind of, like, oxblood red. It worked out perfectly. I sketched for, like, 20 minutes this gorgeous, red, drapey creation dress with, like, this red chiffon and, like, red Jersey. Lo and behold, [Bleep] April-- she's making a red dress. He's like, "are you gonna do red?" And I said, "yes, I'm gonna do red. See my red fabric?" Last week, I found mops. She found mops. And tell me how much that is. This week I'm making a red dress, she's making a red dress. I have feathers, she has feathers. Why, Michael? What are you--are you doing-- it's driving me insane. Who the [Bleep] cares? If you wanna do red, do [Bleep] Like, who cares? No, I don't want the red anymore. Somebody else is doing [Bleep] Red, and I'm just, like, losing it right now, so... I see this black matte Jersey that was gorgeous. I'm gonna take 15 yards. Thank God. I just saw a look in my head right then and there. All: Thank you, mood! Bye! Thank you, mood. We have one day. We have to get back to the workroom, and we have to just go. The game plan is good time management from the start so that it gets done. Everyone's, like, lock and key, like, swallowing their keys. I think everyone just realizes that the people that surround them are really strong. So everybody just wants to just tight-lip and get the work done. So you're dyeing, April? Yeah. I do gowns, but I do 'em in a different way. Me doing gowns is gonna be in a corpse bride kind of way. I would be a little apprehensive to actually dye something and then make it all in one day. If April is choosing to sabotage herself, so be it. April dyeing that fabric could be just enough of a mistake that could probably send her home. Coming up on Project Runway: All Stars... I know the pressure is beginning to mount. How am I gonna know this isn't a bride's dress? I constantly feel like I'm in a pressure cooker. Shock, horror! - Austin? - Yeah? Can I use the screwdrivers again? I broke a nail. The challenge this week is to create a gown that is going to the opera. On this one, I feel Austin Scarlett has an edge, for sure. This is what he makes, and I think he's good at it. This is, like, the last challenge that I would want to somehow fail at. Why is it in pieces like this? I don't know. I'm gonna sew it back together. You should probably hand-stitch it. Yeah. I have put looks together for clients in one day, but not when it comes to couture. Couture is very special, and it's very delicate, and you have to respect couture for what it is. It's smart that he's starting with the main feature of his gown. he finished that really quickly. I've noticed Michael works really quickly. Ugh! It's a little space-age, right? Yep. Hi, everybody. All: Hi, Joanna. I know that the pressure beginning to mount, and I'm gonna come round, talk to everybody, find out how it's going. I really appreciate that Joanna coles is our mentor, because part of winning this whole thing is being a guest editor at Marie Claire magazine. Rami, congratulations on last week. Thank you. Tell me a little bit about your design. I'm playing with triangles around the bodice, bringing all the points towards the waist, and then they fan out again. Who are you watching the most? Who's your biggest competition on this challenge? I definitely think Austin. He is perfect for this challenge. Did I hear my name? I feel like he has that background in costume, so I think he would definitely be great in it. Good luck. I will let you get on with it. Thank you so much. Thank you. Appreciate it. Austin, hello. Hi, Joanna. How are you? - Wonderful. - Good. Well, I'm wondering what you're gonna do to surprise us all, 'cause I know that this is absolutely your favorite thing. You're brilliant at it. Everybody's watching you. I'm certainly nervous because of the judges, because people expect something of me. High expectations. Austin's niche is the evening gown. So, if you're so used to making something, this shouldn't be a big deal. Just make it. That's that. No pressure. Right. How are you gonna surprise the judges? What are you gonna do? I'm thinking of having this sort of whole lame, sort of sheath underdress... mm-hmm. To really show off a beautiful figure and then creating some dramatic volume sort of with the tulle almost, like, standing out away from the gold sheath. I like the color schemes. We have faith in you. You'll be great. So-- all right, thank you so much. So, tell me, what is the "April wow factor" for this? I'm hand-dyeing ombre right now. You're hand-dyeing it? Is that a good use of your time? I guess it could be pretty risky, but I'm pretty comfortable with it, because I do it at home a lot. Okay, so it's a technique you feel... When we're choosing dresses to be on the cover of the magazine, we're always looking for something that has movement and that has sort of real energy. The main thing is the way the fabric's gonna move. I'll add big triangle insets that are smaller at the top, so they're fitted, and then as they go out, they'll catch the breeze as she walks on the runway. So it'll be like a kind of mermaid's movements, like... Yeah, it's definitely ambitious. I didn't even think about if there was a plan "B." Plan "A" just had to work out right, and it better damn well work out right. How are you gonna make this one stand out? I'm planning on adding this thing to its shoulders. It goes here. Very dramatic. And this is gonna get sewn down. She's going to the opera. That's red carpet. So I want her to steal the show. Are you gonna do cups inside? I don't think I'm gonna do cups inside. No one wants a nip slip, not at the opera. That's tacky. I'm always thinking, "how is my body gonna look in this?" And sometimes I worry designers don't worry about it enough. I'll tell you the truth. Sometimes I don't worry about it enough. Shock, horror! - How are you? - I am good. Tell me how you picked this fabric. I just went for the taffetas, and I wanted to use color. I mean, beautiful fabric, but quite pastel-y. I just think the color choice for a night at the opera is a little bit summertime-picnic kind of dress. How do you gonna make this Evening wear, as opposed to, for example, bridesmaid wear? There's nothing worse than getting to an event and knowing that you've made the wrong decision with the things that you have. 'Cause a dress like this can be confidence, or it can be confidence-sapping. Hi, Sweet P. Hi. Talk to me about your design. I had toyed with the idea of black. That's really not me. So I went for color again, and then feathers I may play with. I have quite a few. Or... we'll see. Sweet P's dress--it's kind of the same silhouette as the unconventional-challenge dress, and she was in the bottom for that. Yeah. This is my gown. I really, really love it. It's gonna be in this cream color palette with silk organza. How am I gonna know this isn't a bride's dress? A bride wouldn't wear something plunging in the front, plunging in the back. It's a little more forward-thinking. Well, I'm looking forward to seeing you doing something really special. I look forward to you seeing it. All right, good luck. Guys, I'm gonna go now, and I wish you all the best of luck for the runway. All: Thank you. See you soon. It's nice to have some type of validation from Joanna. Because I may have a tough exterior, people feel like, "oh, Rami will be fine. He'll pull it together or something." But I'm only human, and it's nice to get a little bit of encouragement every now and again. How are you doing? This is taking me so long, but it's coming out the way I want it to. Oh, good. It's just very tedious. I'm concentrating a lot on the bodice, and I really want it to fit really nicely. I guess I'm just praying it works. How are you, Kara? The back in the front and the front in the back. If I was going to say who was the weakest designer in the room, it would have to be Kara. She spends so much time doubting herself that she doesn't really focus on what she needs to work on. I constantly feel under pressure, like I'm in a pressure cooker. But you've just got to, like-- Game on, you know? Like, I just--I'll get it-- like, it will come together beautifully. I had a lot of work to do just to build up to have a foundation. I have to get past my foundation first. Oh, yeah, that's pretty. Do you wanna serve it with my sandals? I like that it's asymmetrical. And, you know, you got this grecian thing, and I got my little rope sandals on. You know? Ta-da. Excuse me for turnin' ho. I think it's couture. It's one day. It's a challenge, and that really does... Work for you? Michael's dress--beautiful. However, a little too celebrity and not enough socialite. Okay, guys, we only have five minutes! Oh, [Bleep]. Tomorrow I have to reinforce this whole [Bleep] by hand. I'm gonna use that two hours-- is it done, though? Okay, guys, that's it. Let's go. Yeah, I like it a lot. Yeah, she's a cute girl. - I'm so tired. - Who's finished? I know I'm not finished. It's, like, not enough time for a gown. It's not! I am so afraid I'm gonna be in the bottom! Ugh! Couture in a day. It's unheard of. Couture means months of preparation, hours of hand labor. Hand sewing, yes. We're insulting the world of couture by even usin' that word to describe this challenge. We're just gonna say, "really, really, really pumped-up prom dresses." I'm a little stressed. It's scary. - I mean, it's the second change. - I know. And I'm just getting my groove. I think Kara is struggling with this challenge just a little bit, and I really want her to get it together. Construction is as important as design. Just concept, yeah. With this design, I don't feel like I'm, like, going off the cahoonies. The design is absolutely there. I know that you've just gotta, like, finish it beautifully. But I'm like, "you know what? Let me just get, like, my hands dirty with this one." The time is just unreal for what the task at hand is. You kind of have to half-ass things a little. This is not the original dress that I designed in my head. Thank you, Mondo. Oh, sorry. Ugh. This is a really intense time crunch here. There's not a lot of talking, and we all feel like the time is just unreal for what the task at hand is. You can't really take the time to do French seams or rolled hems by hand. You kind of have to half-ass things a little bit. I wasn't at full speed yesterday. I hope I'll be able to pull this off. So good, girl. I'm putting the last little details together. I think Austin's gown is pretty. I just think it's a little bit, I don't know, like, kind of basic. This part is longer. Yeah, this part... I'm kind of excited because this is so different than anybody's. I mean, it can go either way. You're doing hair and makeup first. Oh, perfect. I want her to look, like, very sophisticated, 'cause to pull off this dress, she can't be a little girl. She's gotta be a grown woman today. I want the hair swept away from the face. I want it so tight that she's barely able to blink. Lash out on her. Lash out. Powder her up-- blush, pink blush. Just a little bit of eyeliner. Like, a really sophisticated but edgy dark, smokey eye. My dress is black. I want my model to channel Angelina jolie a little bit. Thank you, l'oreal Paris people. All right, guys, we got ten minutes left! This is more stressful, because you're up against the most talented. My dress--it's exactly what I've envisioned, although I'd had technical problems with the bodice, for sure. This is not original dress that i've done in my Head, but it's the dress that worked perfect for this challenge. Right over here. She looks like mofo money. I'm gonna probably put a really nice clutch with it from this Neiman-Marcus accessory wall that I am just starin' down. Job well done, team me. Okay, guys, we gotta go to runway! You ready to go? Let's go, let's go. Hi, designers. As it's been said on Project Runway, one day you're in, and the next you're out. This week's challenge was all about high-end glamour. You had a budget of $350 and just one day to create a beautiful gown fit for a night at the opera. Let's meet the judges. First, we have the designer and cofounder of marchesa--the beautiful Georgina Chapman. - Hi, desighners! - All: Hi. Next, one of the most famous names in fashion, designer Isaac Mizrahi. Hi, Isaac. A guest judges for this week, Are world-famous designers known for the red-carpet-destined evening wear--Mark Badgley and James Mishka. we're looking for style, elegance, and individuality and of the detail of your work. Let's get started. Have a great show. I thought my dress looked exactly the way I wanted it to. It was flowing. It had a statement. It was fashion-forward, and she just looked beautiful. It's exactly what I wanted her to look. I love the styling, her hair. I love her makeup... The fabrics, the beading. I just love it. I'm nervous. I'm just hoping they can appreciate the amount of design and detail that I put into it and be forgiving of the fact that it was a rush job. I'm hoping they forgot that they mentioned "romantic and feminine" and that they just see a great, sexy black gown walking down the runway. She looks amazing. The gown fits perfectly, and she's workin' it. I see my model float down the runway, and she looks like cinderella. It's exactly what I've envisioned. I'm really, really happy with the way it turned out. I was really inspired by what I know about opera. I've seen Cleopatra, and I've seen madame butterfly. It looks very '60s, but very me and very modern and almost futuristic. I feel like I'm being so true to me. This is so who I am. I think my dress is gorgeous, and let's just say I'm still reaching around and patting myself on the back for a job well done, jerell. I love my dress. My model's just beautiful, dreamy, elegant, young, youthful-- exactly like I expected her to look. Love her. My model clearly looks like a dream. She looks rich. She looks regal. She looks like she's part of the Anthony l. Williams experience. As I watch my model fly down the runway, she's just a vision in molten gold, swathed in this cloud of black tulle. I think she looks every inch the elegant lady of society. I'm nervous, because I can see the flaws in it. Oh, and it's so hard to just sit there. You just wanna go grab her off and say, "hey, we gotta get this right," but you can't. I just had to hang in there. My model is floating across like nobody's business. The crystals are glistening. The light is catching the feathers. And then when she turned around, all you saw was this little strap of crystals and this 80-foot little train. It's gorgeous. If I call your name, please step forward. Anthony... April... Sweet P... Austin... Kara... Michael... You have the highest and lowest scores. If I didn't call your name, congratulations. You're safe. Your designs will keep you in the competition, and you may leave the runway. One of you will be named this week's winner, and one of you will be going home. Coming up on Project Runway: All Stars... I can't believe you made this dress in a day. She's a little lopsided on the tulle. It looks like a dirndl skirt. I mean, I did add pockets. One of you will be named this week's winner... And one of you will be going home. designers, let's bring out your models. So, Anthony, would you like to tell us about your design? I wanted to do something in cream or white, but I knew that that could have a fine line between "bridal," so I wanted to add some edge with the leather. I love the new context for white that you created. It isn't a bridal dress. It looks kind of vampy and sexy. And I love the plunging "v." I like the black shoes and the glove. I think it brings a toughness to a very elegant, feminine dress. I'm on the fence a little bit about the gloves and the jewelry. Does it take it too far into that vampy world? And would it be nice to keep it a little more romantic? However, I'm really glad you used a satin-faced georgette, because it drapes so beautifully. I love that it's body-conscious on one side, and it's bloussant on the other-- makes it very modern. It fits great. I think it's dramatic. It's a showstopper. Oh, thank you. April, would you like to tell us about your gown? I wanted to go away from my norm, which is a dark, black, gray palette. I thought that red would be appropriate for the opera. Congratulations that you did a color, but I think for the opera, maybe it's not the time to think about ombre dyeing or tie-dyeing. I do think there's probably a lot of personal style in this, but it just looks a teeny bit tortured, a teeny bit rushed. And I personally can't stand red and black together. Oh. And that's why we work together, 'cause I don't like red and black either, so... April, I find the cut of this dress interesting. I kind of looked to the red queen, Alice in wonderland, because that, for my style, is an elegant thing-- something abstract like that. I love the red. However, when you're gonna mix fabrications--one that's reflective and one that's dull-- you've got to make sure the reds sit, because right now they're a little more like a mistake rather than something that's meant to go together. Right. So, Sweet P, could you tell us about your outfit? I really thought, "ball gown." I just wanted to picture her sort of waltzing, like a modern-day cinderella. I get more, like, sort of prom dress from this than I do ball gown. It's like you started a ball gown, but it looks like a dirndl skirt. I wish you had just used the fabric at the bottom to do something at the top. I was contemplating switching it. And it was just a plain bodice with seams, you know? I wish you had. Now I do, too. 'Cause I think that would've served you better. I like the fact that it is color that stands out in a room and is also very pretty, but the bodice needs to be tauter and executed a little more expertly. That is the focus of a woman when she goes out in the evening, whether she says something else--she's lying. It's all about that. I liked the color element of this. I thought it was very daring, but I did see it being more of a day dress. To me, this is not the opera. It's not the metropolitan. So, Austin, tell us about your gown. I tried to have her look sensual but still have a certain modesty or refinement to I love this dress. I love it. It looks fresh and classic and expensive. And you used the word "modest"? I did use the word modest. I think that veiling it keeps it sophisticated. It's alluring, I would hope. Dresses are not modest anymore, which is a shame. I love this dress because it's modest. You definitely know how to cut a beautiful dress. Looks like a dress that I would see hanging up at Bergdorf's. It's just lovely. One little thing about it is that she's a little lopsided on oh, is it? Where? The bodice part. Under her arm, I think. Right-hand side. There ya go, right there. Okay. That's just a thing on the runway that drives us crazy. But again, you had one day to do this, so little things like that can slip by. I would like to see the bustline cut maybe a touch lower. But other than that, I think you did a fabulous job. Thank you very, very much. Kara, tell us about your opera gown. I don't normally gravitate towards prints, and although it's not conventional for evening, it said to me, you know, "Lincoln center, summer's night." I think there's something to be said with a print in the evening. I agree. I think the print is great. I love the idea of just being completely pure-- strapless ball gown. But I will caution you--when you're gonna be so simple, it needs to be utterly perfect. Everyone loves a black grosgrain at the waist, but it's, like, slightly too high or not high enough or something. To me, the grosgrain in the back looks a little poor, if you can turn around, sweetie. I wish the tails on the ribbon were about three, four feet longer, to give it more drama for the opera. I think it's a good dress, but it could've been spectacular. I mean, I did pockets. I love pockets in a dress. I love pockets. Like, I need my lipstick and my iPhone, you know? I think it's a very pretty dress. I just question, where are you in this dress? It could be anybody's dress. I'm not getting your personality from it. Michael, tell us about your opera gown. Mark and James, you said, "if you're gonna do black, make it spectacular." I wanted her to just walk in a room, and everyone wanna know, "who is she? What is she doing here? Is she the star of the show?" I can't believe that you made this dress in a day, 'cause it's perfect. It's shockingly perfect. And everything I was saying to Austin about modesty, I'm taking away and saying, "Kim kardashian at the opera or something." Turn around, 'cause the back of it is really something, too. Oh, I love that-- super sexy, that one strap across the back. But don't kid yourself. This is not a dress that a lot of women can wear. True. I mean, you have to have a perfect, perfect body to wear it. I love that you used matte Jersey. I think it's such a flattering fabric. And you did all that beading and feathering for $350? Yeah, most of my budget went on the trim and the feathers. Even if she's going alone, she's certainly not going home alone in that dress. No. It's exquisite. I love how closed-up she is in the front and how bare in the back. It's so sexy. Well, I certainly want to wear that dress. Thank you. I can't wait to wear it. Designers, you've given us a lot to think about. We're now going to deliberate, and we'll call you back. You can leave the runway. So we have our high and our low scores. let's talk about our low scores. April. I love this thought of taking a gown and kind of dipping it in black ink or something. It just didn't go far enough. It looks like she was putting gas in her car, and she was standing in the oil slick. Like she fell in a puddle. Super ambitious, but in one day, I think you have to know your limitations. She wasn't boring, though. And she did try and show who she is in that dress. That, she did. But I don't understand why she chose all these different fabrics. The detail in the back looked like the sewing machine just stitched all the extra fabric down. It was totally random. It was like random surrender to a mistake. Let's talk about Sweet P's I think that skirt would really appeal to a lot of women. It's pretty. The fabric was rich. I wish the bodice had been made out of what the skirt was made out of, 'cause the skirt looked well put together, and then the bodice looked like a swimsuit. To me, it looked like some crazy '40s bathing suit, like some granny bathing suit. And she called that a ball gown, and that just wasn't a ball gown. tell Scarlett O'Hara that that's a ball gown. Let's talk about Kara. I sort of got where she was going with that effortless look, the young look, but to me, it lacked personality. I've seen that dress a thousand times. I think I might be alone on this one, but I adore this dress. I think it's so charming. I know a hundred girls that would love to wear it. I'm not personally that crazy about the choice of fabric. I don't know that many girls that would wear it, and I wouldn't. It's minimalism, right? Mm-hmm. But if she's doing minimalism on this dress, where did the bow come from? That's true. That's true. That bow bothered me. And you were saying you wished it was, like-- either more or nothing. Four feet longer. I just wanted to chop it off. Okay, let's talk about our top scorers. What do you think about Anthony's dress? I thought Anthony did a beautiful dress. I think it was beautifully draped, impeccably made. I like that it was white. The drapery was specific and not just kind of all over the place. I like the asymmetry on it. I thought that was very interesting. It makes it a little more theatrical for the opera. I thought it was a great gown, perhaps a little bit too heavy-handed on some of the accessories, but for the most part, I thought the model looked fantastic. Let's talk about Austin's dress. Gladly. I loved Austin's dress. It came across to me as the freshest dress there. It was tasteful, but it was still exciting and beautifully executed. Tasteful's such a good word. I haven't heard that one in a very long time. And that's what that dress was to me--tasteful. Working with a fabric which is so tricky, like lame... And the way it cut on the body, it was just flawless. What do you think about Michael's gown? This one was memorable. This was spectacular. It was really great. As much as I love that dress, you see dresses like that a lot, with loads of stones and feathers and bells and whistles, but there was something fresh about the fact that it came all the way up. I liked that. You gotta give it to the black feathers and jewels. But that Jersey dress was built beautifully. he's got a knack for this kind of dressing. I think that the way that he placed the embroidery was really, really special. That's what made you look at the dress... It made the dress. Was the way that he covered everything here with the feathers, that sort of shrug thing, and with the back showing, it definitely had personality. So are we all agreed? We're all agreed. Let's bring the designers back in. Designers, turning out incredible gowns in less than 24 hours really is an achievement. One of you has the highest score and wins this week's challenge. One of you has the lowest score and will be leaving us this week. Designers, one of you has the highest score and wins this week's challenge. One of you has the lowest score and will be leaving us this week. Antony... You're safe. Congratulations! You made a beautiful gown, and you can leave the runway. Michael... Austin... One of you is the winner of this challenge. And that designer is... Austin. Thank you very, very much. This challenge really means a lot to me personally. Coming from judges like you who I've respected tremendously for such a long time is tremendous. Congratulations, Austin. Your workmanship was flawless, and you gave us a breathtaking gown. you're one step closer to that grand prize. It's too much to even think about. You can leave the runway. Thank you. Thank you all. Winning this challenge just really gives me that extra assurance and confidence. Michael, it really was a tough decision, and you made an amazingly beautiful gown. And you're safe. Can leave the runway. Kara... You're safe. Thank you so much. Sweet P... April... One of you will be in, and one of you will be out. April, we appreciate that you stepped out of your comfort zone. Being ambitious is great as an all-star. But in order to execute something flawlessly, you have to learn how to manage your time. Sweet P, no one does color like you do. But you lost your way in this challenge, and you didn't trust your initial vision. That wasn't a dress to wear to Opera. April. you are in. I'm sorry to say, Sweet P, you're out. April, thank you. We'll see you next week. Can leave the runway. I'm in. Oh! I'm so happy. Sweet P, thank you so much for being part of All Stars. You really are a talented designer, and we wish you all the best. Thank you so much. Best of luck to you. Bye, guys. Bye-bye. The best thing about this experience has been meeting all the other designers, who I respect and watched and now have gotten to know in such a short amount of time. You know, some people are gonna love my stuff, and some people are not, and it doesn't really matter at the end of the day. I still have a really happy life. Next on Project Runway: All Stars... we want you to create a flamboyant cocktail dress for one of the most famous fashionistas in the world... Miss piggy! I'm going to get to design dress for a muppet. The pressure is on. Kara and kenley are becoming quite codependent. This isn't a team competition. How does a pig feel about wearing a giraffe print? Oh, my gosh. You made a really pretty dress, and that's exactly the problem. I'm gonna give you a [Bleep] Showstopper. This is the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen! Synced, corrected by mercurian2007 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 