Project Runway All Stars: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Project Runway All Stars 
 s1e1 - Return to the Runway - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Project Runway All Stars (2012–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Return to the Runway - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 And now, the series premiere of Project Runway: All Stars. The most daring, controversial designers have returned. My God, I cannot believe I'm back here. It's the best vs the best. I'm the greatest star of them all. Game on. It's you against me. You wanna play like that? I'm going to kick ass. As they compete again for the biggest prize in runway history. A staggering $1/2 million. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 They'll be judged by a new panel of fashion experts. Hello, people! I love the new judges. Hi, designers. I'm a fan. This is a clean slate. It's time for me to redeem myself. They will rip, cut, and stitch their way through the most demanding challenges ever. The pressure is on. The battle of sheer determination begins now. Never underestimate your opponents. I'm gonna snip everyone's pee-pee off. This is the series premiere 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 of Project Runway: All Stars, Last time I was here, I made it all the way to the very end. And my heart was broken. I deserve to be here. But I'm only here because I'm going to win. Oh, my God. Michael. I thought you were gonna be here. I knew you were gonna be here. I think I'm the best designer here because my work is fashion-forward, current, contemporary, and accessible. Getting that close to winning was a big deal, and that is sort of driving me. The most important thing that I learned when I was on Project Runway is to never second-guess myself. There are people who feel that I am not a fierce competitor, but, honey, all I can say is, you think this is a game, let's go. I wouldn't be here if I wasn't good, and I'll leave here with my sash and an oversized tiara and all that. That's what I came for. I couldn't possibly commit to this type of experience if I didn't want to walk away with some sort of amazing and incredible prize. The first time, I wasn't so attached, but this time, I do want to win. I've always been a star. Darling, of course I have to be here. Someone had to put the star in all star. Sometimes I can come across as really stuck-up, snobby, and just rude. But screw everybody else and do what you love. I'm totally fine with it. I will be competitive. Hey, Jerell, how are you? I'm good. How are you? Good to see you. Good to see you too. You look cute. What's been going on? You know, working. I've heard some stories about limelight, that it was a club and now it's been turned into a shopping center, so I'm really kind of looking forward to going in there. You're up against the most talented, and you know what they can do because you've seen it on the show. Hey. Oh, my God. Good to see you. I am kind of checking to see who is my competition, and there is Sweet P and Mondo, and I'm like, uh-oh, here it goes. Oh, my God, is that Mondo with the hi-top. Oh, my gosh! It's exciting. All of us are here. It's on. Hello, desighners! All: Hi. I'm Angela Lindvall. Welcome back to New York. All: Thank you. Angela Lindvall is actually one of the most versatile models. She's done print, runway, swimwear. She's worked for all of the top designers. Angela is beautiful. I think she's a fantastic model. Easy on the eyes. I'm excited that it's gonna be somebody new, so a new perspective. Welcome to Project Runway: All Stars. Thanks. Over the next three months, this competition will showcase your skills in weekly challenges. As all-stars, there will be no immunity. At the end of each challenge, one of you will be eliminated. And the rest will be one step closer to the grand prize. Do you want to know what it is? All: Yes. You are competing for the biggest prize in Project Runway history. The overall winning designer will receive the ultimate goal in fashion - their own exclusive boutique featuring their designs in select Neiman Marcus stores and neimanmarcus.com. Amazing. To sell in Neiman Marcus your collection as a designer, that's every designer's dream, naturally. The winning designer will receive not only a fashion spread in Marie Claire magazine, but also a position as guest editor for one year. I'd kill to be the guest editor at Marie Claire because I really believe that those are one of those experiences that are priceless. And there's more. Industrial sewing machines, fabric printers, surgers, and other equipment, all provided by Brother. And $100,000 in technology and office space from HP and Intel. And... Oh, there's more? A cash prize of $100,000, courtesy of l'oreal Paris. That's a lot of prizes. Every single prize that was named was something that was, like, on my wish list to Santa, to propel my business and propel my career. This total prize package is worth close to... A staggering $1/2 million. Not a bad start. Now we all know that you've been judged before. Maybe they had it right, maybe they had it wrong. They were wrong. I am fabulous. I'm awesome, I'm talented, and I demand satisfaction. The good news is this is a clean slate. So are you ready to meet our new judges? All: Yeah! Oh, my God. People are just on the edge of their seat, you know. It's a new host, new judges, you never know what you're gonna get. I know what the old judges were looking for, and I knew what they, you know, the protocol and what they liked... Honey, I have no clue about these new people, so I'ma keep one eye open. First, please welcome the designer and cofounder of marchesa, Georgina Chapman. Hi, designers. Hi. Georgina Chapman is one of our judges. So I'm absolutely thrilled. You always see the most beautiful dresses on the red carpets are always marchesa. So to have her as a judge is just really inspiring. And also we have one of the most famous names in fashion, Isaac Mizrahi. Hello, people. How are you? All: Hi. Hello. I greatly respect Isaac Mizrahi. Through his work, his reinvention of himself, I have constantly been inspired by over the years and really respect him as a creator. Georgina and Isaac and I are excited to see what you've accomplished since the last time you were here. I do feel like I've grown a lot since the last time I was on this show, so I've got all sorts of new tricks up my sleeve that I plan to razzle-dazzle with. We asked you to bring a recent creation that you think represents who you are as a designer. The models are waiting for you backstage. You'll have just 30 minutes to dress them before returning to the runway for our first-ever All Stars fashion show. So good luck. Bye. You're gorgeous just like me! Finally it's time for me to redeem myself. That looks great, Kara. Thank you. My main competition here is Kara janx. I loved her collection that she did for her season. I thought it should have won, but I really like her as a person too, so I don't want her to go, but better her than me, right? Sweet P I think is phenomenal, and I think Rami's the absolute best. And I think he's my biggest competition because he's a draper. This was inspired by the Disney concert hall building in Los Angeles. As much as I was known for draping, there are also other things that I do very well. So, as you walk out, you can literally open like a flower. Jam 'em in there. Okay, guys, we got to go to runway. You ready to go? Oh, my God, here we go again. Now I'm completely panicked. Coming up on project runway: All Stars... Are you ready for your first challenge? Oh, gosh. There is an All Stars twist. I'm terrified. I'm super excited to show the judges who I am as a designer at the fashion show. We asked you to bring a recent creation that you think represents who you are as a designer. Georgina and Isaac and I are excited to see what you've accomplished since the last time you were here. So let's get started. I'm not intimidated by anyone. Your biggest competition is you. I just have to do work that I think is the best that I can do. For All Stars, I feel more confident as a designer, and I have the tools that I need to do better this time. I'm a freak about fit and construction. I'm here to represent me as a designer and do what I do best. We're born naked...I guess humans, it's our nature to embellish oneself, to beautify ourselves. And I just take that to the highest level possible. I am an artist and a maker by nature. So I approach designing organically. I approach it as a way of life. I came to this country with nothing but the clothes on my back. I'm here fighting for my business, just like everybody else. My fabrics are always really high-class fabrics. I love doing couture because it's almost like you are sculpting. I brought something that's a little bit more toned-down version of me, a little bit more ready-to-wear. It's a softer side of me. It is my desire to make the world a beautiful and a better place one gown at a time. My model, she's making me question my sexuality right now. She really brought that dress to life. I want to stick around as long as I can. This is really a new era for me. I really want to push my own boundaries. Well, guys, that was a great start to the season. All: Thank you. Georgina, what did you think? Congratulations, designers. That was really great. I'm just so excited to see what you guys are going to do next. Thanks. Isaac. So diverse. 13 specific points of view. This is gonna be a great competition, I can tell. But for now you're gonna head off to your penthouse suite at the flatotel, New York. And I will see you guys on location for your first All Stars challenge. Have a good night. Ooh. What's this? It looks nice. This is cute. I want to sit... I did jump on a couple of beds, just to see if they felt right. Kind of like goldilocks. Oh, my gosh. She marked her bed with her lipstick. What is that? I put a kiss on my bed. This is my bed. I thought it was kind of funny that Elisa, who normally likes to spit on her clothes for a mark, is marking her bed with a kiss. It's my bed. Hey, there's a note. It says, "press play," and there's a control. Okay. I'm, like, looking around that whole room, trying to see, what am I gonna grab to rip apart and make a dress out of or something out of. Here we go. I'm Giancarlo Giammetti. Turn it up. There is Giancarlo Giammetti, who I instantly recognize as Valentino's partner. Something terribly important for me and very, very dear to Valentino--the new Valentino virtual museum where you can visit all his work online. Project Runway: All Stars... Holy [Bleep]! I wish to you lots of success. You have lots of talent. And try to make beautiful clothes. Clothes then they speak, and they are beautiful to see them in the runway. Just the one sentence when he said, "you Project Runway: All Stars..." I'm like, my God, and I'm one of them." Let's celebrate. Pop! Y'all know I'm from the projects. I thought y'all was shooting. To Valentino, the all-stars, and a beautiful, blessed life. - Good morning, you guys. - Good morning, Angela. Are you ready for your first challenge? Yes. This is the challenge that the designers love to hate, but the fans love. You guessed it. The unconventional challenge. As all-star designers, you've got to be versatile with materials. So we've given you one of the most versatile stores in America, the 99-cent store. Austin, you did the very first unconventional challenge, and you won. Yes, I remember. The very first episode of Project Runway ever. So the pressure's on, Austin. I know. Oh, gosh. Okay, we want you to design something fabulous from whatever you can find inside 99-cent creation. But there is an All Stars twist. Your look must be inspired in some way by your look that you presented at the fashion show. Oh, my God. Had I known my 99-cent dress had to reflect the first design I showed, I might have brought something a little different. This may be the 99-cent store, but don't worry. We're not only gonna give you a dollar. You're all-stars. We're gonna give you $100 to make your look. So, remember, this is all about innovation, so push yourself. We really want you to wow us. Okay, your 99-cent unconventional challenge starts now! Oh, my gosh. The challenge for me is that I am trying to make something look like it's luxurious from the 99-cent store, and I'm not exactly sure how to attack that challenge. Lord, please let me grow. Oh, I'm about to bring down the lights? Okay, I'll come back for those. I want to create something that has a lot of texture. That's why I chose the mops. So I needed, like, a cluster[Bleep] of mops. So I just grabbed all the black and white ones I could, because it was the only color that the store had a large amount of. I've always been inspired by these, I don't know why. Guys, you have ten minutes left. Oh, I have never been this hot in my life. Crazy. I feel like I have no more room. So I'm really looking for bright colors. I see belts that are green and orange and dish towels, so, anything I see that's bright, I just run towards. Can someone hand me that finger paint right here? Everybody, you got five minutes left. Excuse me, rit behind you. Having them looking in the store? I really wanted to stay away from predictable materials like washcloths. Okay, guys, time's up. I need another bag. Everybody, come on to the front. We're in line. I was completely blown away, when, lo and behold, April's got the exact same thing that I'm doing. She's making something out of the mop heads. Tell me how much that is. For the first challenge, the inspiration is the look that we brought to the limelight. So even though me and Michael both purchased mops, there's no way that we'll make the same dress. We don't have the same aesthetic whatsoever. I'm really worried that April's dress is gonna kick my dress's ass. 'Cause she's, like, really good. I'm terrified. Coming up on project runway: All Stars... Gordana's look, it's a pinata. What are you doing? That's weird. Ten minutes till the runway. Oh, my God. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Where am I? Oh, I love this. We open the door and we see a really beautiful workroom. It has all these different-colored squares. It's like a color wheel. Hi! Buddies. How are you? Walking into the workroom is almost a little bit overwhelming and kind of like entering through the gates of hell, but also a good opportunity at the same time. I love this room. Thank you for this room. Hey, guys. All: Hi. Welcome to 1407 Broadway. How do you like your new workspace? Fantastic. At each of your workstations, you're gonna find HP tablets. The latest touch technology from HP and Intel will help you sketch and elevate your creativity throughout the weekly challenges. And I'm sure you won't forget to use the neiman Marcus accessory wall. There's some amazing pieces there, right? Yes, there are. So later today you're gonna have your first mentor session with editor-in-chief of Marie Claire magazine Joanna Coles. I was very happy to find out that our mentor was Joanna Coles. Just her take on fashion is really important because she's an editor of a magazine and, ultimately, that's who you want to impress as a designer. So you guys have until 10:00 P.M. tonight to work on your looks and then a couple of the hours tomorrow before your first runway. I wish you guys all a lot of luck, and I'll see you on the runway. Bye. She's pretty. Damn. Elisa just moved her cutting mat mat down underneath, and i'm thinking, "what are you doing? That's weird." Elisa? If I ever get in your way, you let me know. Elisa, she's very different. And the reason why I'm gonna give her a pass on being different is because I had a grandmother who was committed to the crazy house. So...Ha!...I really don't think that she's that far off, but, honey, she's - she's something else. Right now I got all this mop pieces that I'm trying to sew one individually, piece by piece, to create, like, this drapey effect thing that has to do somewhat with the draping of my other dress. Wait, wait, wait. But April's dress looks just like what you're doing. It looks the same. The strings hanging straight down. That's exactly what you're doing. Y'all need to have a woman-to-woman talk. 'Cause y'all need to get on the same page. Or off the same page, as the case may be. - Hy, guys! - Hi. Everyone knows Marie Claire magazine, so to have the editor-in-chief Joanna Coles here as our mentor is amazing. I know you're all super talented, I know your various skills, and I'm here to help you push yourself so that you walk out of here with that $500,000 package. And, of course, one of you, on top of this incredible prize, is gonna be a guest editor at Marie Claire. And I couldn't be more excited. So good luck to everybody. Okay, Sweet P. What are these? These are towels? Yes. Right. Okay. Is there anything that will surprise the judges, that they'll think, "oh, my goodness, Sweet P found that. That's incredible. I would never have thought of doing that"? You've got Isaac as a judge. He's gonna be on you. I know. I'm just reminding you your job here is to really surprise them. - Okay. - Good luck. Thank you so much. Sweet P's dress, it's raggedy ruffles. That's no good. Me no likey. Gordana. - Hi. - Hi. So nice to meet you. It's a pleasure to have you as our mentor. Thank you. This dress is all about movement. I can see this is going to be about movement too. Exactly. When she starts walking down the runway, it's going to be there in front. And then I knew that I wanted to create a shorter version, kind of like inspired by the dress, obviously. I think this is one of those dresses that you sometimes see in stores which has no appeal on the hanger, and then you see it on the wearer, and it comes to life. Exactly. Gordana's look is made of streamers. It reminds me of easter at a Mexican family's house. It's a pinata. I hope her model is full of candy. Mondo. How are you doing? I don't know if I'm in the competitive mood yet. And what's it gonna take you to get in that competitive frame of mind? I guess get through this challenge, finish something, and be proud of it, you know. This is fascinating. I can't wait to see your outfit. Thank you. I did have this little gleam of light after I talked to you, joanna, that, yes, you know, this is another opportunity. And this is possibly going to be the thing that allows me to flourish. You're not gonna spit at me, are you? No, it's actually a blessing mark. You do it simply with your tongue. I've been doing this for 17, 18 years, and my clients actually pay me for my blessing. They do? Yes, they do. That's pretty cool. Yes. Tell me what you found in the 99-cent store. I went straight, I went for three things. I was like, flowers, something that it's light, that flows when you're walking through the street, walking down the runway. So you got... these are the flowers. I'm not seeing much else, that's all. I mean, you've got judges. They're looking for surprise. Is this gonna be surprising enough? Um, I actually think it's important for you to make it surprising to yourself. Okay, well, I can't wait to see it. - I'm very excited to see how you pull all this together. - Thank you. Guys, I have to go now. But I have to tell you, I think the judges are gonna have a really difficult time. I will see you soon. Okay, bye. Thank you, joanna. Good night. Oh, no. Oh, my God. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Is it the whole thing? Move that away right now. My glue gun, like, melted through my whole dress. At the very last moment of the evening of our challenge, I realize that my plastic dress was touched by the hot glue gun and actually burned a hole right in the front of the gown. [Bleep]. Hot glue gun. He was working up until the very last minute. There's a lot of stuff that's unfinished. I really feel like this is the last that we're gonna see of Mr. Austin Scarlett. I barely have enough time to, like, get this dress even... The fact that I'm going to have to figure out some way to repair this very obvious hole right in the very front of the dress is just almost too much for me to handle right now. I'm about to pull my hair out. The day of the runway, that's actually that very stressful day for us. There are so many elements--you have to do the finishing touches, to fit your model perfectly, to choose the right accessories, to think of hair, to think of makeup, and then go on stage and present and hope nothing falls apart. It's a stressful day for everybody. Now, even though I destroyed my dress on the glue gun yesterday, I'm going to--I need it. What I ended up doing was very carefully cutting out a very small patch of plastic, and luckily it sort of all just disappeared into the shiny plastic of the dress. We need hair and makeup. Let's go. I would like to have, like, two little braids on each side. And down or up? Polished round and then down-- I like that. Welcome to the l'oreal Paris makeup room. It's all about the lip. I'd like to emphasize on her sort of cheekbones. I'd like to do a little, like, red eye shadow. - Just young, baby-doll fresh. - Oh, I love it. We got ten minutes till the runway. Where are my safety pins? Let me get the bracelet, because I really want to see how it looks together. All right, guys, let's go to runway. Coming up on project runway: All Stars... You've got a few too many ideas, and that's fatal. You kind of, you know, made them your bitch. I'd never be seen dead in it. Good-bye. Thank you. - Hi, designers. - All: Hi. - Welcome to your first runway. - Thank you. We have 13 all-star designers here, and, after tonight, there will only be 12. As it's been said on Project Runway, one day you're in, and the next day you're out. And that's never been more true than on All Stars. For your first challenge as all-stars who are used to big budgets, we wanted to see how you would cope with items from a 99-cent store. Do you feel like we threw you in the deep end? So let's meet the judges. First we have the designer and cofounder of marchesa, the beautiful Georgina Chapman. Hi, designers. And one of the most famous names in fashion, designer Isaac Mizrahi. And our guest judge this week is somebody professionally invested in your success. He is the senior vice president and fashion director of neiman Marcus, the fabulous Ken Downing. Have a great show. So, luckily, the judges did not notice the patch. My dress has a sort of flowing movement in the skirt, the sort of diaphanous layered effect. And, on the runway, it just all sort of blurred into a shimmer of beauty. I think, in the unconventional challenge, when my model's walking down the runway, she's looking chic, she's looking sharp, she's looking like she bought the clothes off the rack. Exactly like I expected her to look. I think my model looks amazing. The fact that I was able to pull that out of the 99-cent store from cheap-ass handkerchiefs, fantastic. Watching my outfit walk down the runway is the same sort of enchanted, humbling process that has happened probably every time something comes to life, if you're really, really lucky. This time, it's even a little bit more special because I really swore that I would make high art. It's just so pretty. As I see my model walk down the runway, I think that bitch is owning it. She looks amazing. She looks rich. She looks fierce. She's a diva. She's got her glasses on, her back, her jacket, her skirt. And nobody can [Bleep] with her. My dress looks colorful, yet tough. I'm pretty excited, because I love my dress, and I feel like it's me. I love seeing my work come to life. That moment when the model walks down the runway. It reminds me of my sixth birthday, Christmas. It's just pure joy when I see my model wearing my work. I think that it's a really good gown to represent what I do, to represent how I've grown as a designer. I think she looks really beautiful in it. I think it's exactly me. It's a little bit edgy, but it has the flowing and feminine feeling to it. I love my design because I feel it's a little bit different than anybody else's. But you never know with judges. It could be hit or miss. I think to myself, please don't let any of the tissue rip, and, lord, please don't let one of those gold safety pins fall off. I do with this dress what I've been doing my whole life taking a whole little of nothing and turning it into a whole lot of something. I see my model working it down the runway in my look, and i think it looks great. With mine, I thought she looked absolutely awesome. I'm hoping that those mop strings don't pop, 'cause some of them are glued together, but she looks beautiful. I want to go somewhere with her and get a drink and spill something on her dress and watch her soak it up. I think the design is avant-garde, I think it's different, it's got texture, it's long. I was so nervous seeing April's dress come down the runway 'cause it was shockingly gorgeous. They're gonna say, "well, Michael, April used the mops way better than you did." Hey, designers. If I call your name, please step forward. Austin, mila, April, Anthony, Kara, kenley, Michael. Congratulations. You are all safe. Your designs will keep you in the competition, and you may leave the runway. Good-bye. Thank you. You all have the highest and the lowest scoring designs. One of you will be named this week's winner, and one of you will be going home. Let's bring out your models. So, Rami, you're first. Rami, I really thought you've given a great silhouette here. What have you made that out of? Laundry bags. So I used that as the tweed almost. I wanted to resemble that. The tinsel from Christmas decorations to emulate the ostrich feathers. And here I used the umbrella lining to sort of create the-- tie in the blacks all together. I think you have an edge of over the designers in terms of execution. You mastered all of these elements. You kind of, you know, made them your bitch. You can photograph this. You could put it in an editorial in a magazine, and no one would have any idea that those are umbrella parts and something that came out of a 99-cent store. That's a huge compliment. Thank you so much. It looks like a woman that's walked off the Paris runway. So job well done. - Sweet P. - Hi. Can you tell us a little bit about your dress? I really have been feeling color, and I do like mixing the hard and the soft. Kind of the sweet feminine with a little touch of edginess. I don't know how resolved this is. It looks a little ragged to me. It looks a little unfinished, do you know? It's especially unresolved in the back there. Yeah, that's really-- my cutout? That's really--I like a cutout, I do. But for some reason, that just looks like a chew-out, not a cut-out. Women never come to me and ask for something that's going to make them look bigger than they already are. If you're gonna go with something graphic, colorful, and color-blocking like that, it does have to be very precise. What made you choose the washcloths as your fabric? I would never own or wear a terrycloth dress, but it was the color that stood out to me. Thank you, Sweet P. Moving on to Jerell. Georgina, what are your thoughts on Jerell's dress? It moved really beautifully. I thought this was a very wearable look. I can imagine a girl wearing this, and I think that's a very difficult thing to achieve from a 99-cent store. Thank you. I like the color of it a lot. I like that it's an alternative to neutral. I love that you really have taken the idea of this trend as a moment of the high-low hemline and really exploited it in a great way. Thank you so much, Jerell. We're gonna move on now to Elisa. Personally, this isn't a look that I immediately respond to. But I want to know more about your use of writing. I do a lot with sacred geometry, so there was a lot of, like, it's half of 360. It's 180 degrees. So I wanted to try to keep the whole circle-half thing going, so you don't have to know the story, but, if you read the story on this sleeve, you read it on that sleeve, it's a good story. If you read it all together, you know the whole story. - I love the spirit of this. - Thank you. It looks like you, it looks like someone really passionate did it. I love clothes that tell me the story the minute they hit the runway because, as soon as clothes have directions, they stay on the rack. So, Mondo, can you tell us a little bit about your 99-cent unconventional dress. What I used to create this look were binders, electrical tape, these old black cowboy hats, and trash bags. Considering it's a black dress, it's a fun dress. It's not that serious, which I think is nice. I think the dress is flawlessly executed, and I think it's truly your spirit. I'd love to see this dress in, shall we say, a real fabric that didn't need to be hosed down in the backyard after wearing it. You have such a great sense of proportion. That's what makes the dress, is the proportion, right? It's sort of snappy, the whole thing. Thank you. Thank you, Mondo. So, Gordana, can you tell us about your dress? I was looking for something that had the hard and soft shapes and this is the thing that you use to scrub pots and pans. My favorite thing is the steel wool. The texture looks so divine on the texture looks so divine on I do question whether you've got a few too many ideas going on and a few too many elements. And perhaps you could probably spread those ideas out throughout a collection. I work so fast, and then I'm, like, done in two, three hours. And then I overdesign. - That's fatal. - Yeah. I know. Thank you, Gordana. We're now going to deliberate, and we'll call you back shortly. You may leave the runway. How about our favorite looks? Why don't we start there? I think Rami had the balance. He used such an unconventional fabric, yet he pulled it off in such a chic way. It was well-executed. I think Rami did an amazing job. The use of fabric, what he found in the 99-cent store that, when translated into a fashion moment, didn't look like a 99-cent store translation. The only thing for me was that the dress from yesterday and the dress from today look so similar. I just don't want him to keep doing the same thing. Did he just refabricate his yesterday's dress? I feel like he went outside of the box, but it looks like it could be the same collection. Let's talk a little bit about Mondo. He's a very talented young man. The fascinator was probably one of my favorite parts. It gave interest to the dress, which could have been just a black dress. It was a beautiful black dress that had a modern edge. So let's talk about Jerell. I think his tribal element was beautiful. Jerell made a very understandable dress, and I think we all know that, but did he try and push boundaries? That I'm not so sure about. Did he push the boundaries with some unusual paper plate or something out of the 99-cent store? No, but the execution certainly gave him an upper hand. Let's move on to Sweet P. I think here is a dress, that's not so well-executed out of a fabric that dresses are made of. It's just off. It needed to be more purposefully irregular. It just kind of wandered down the middle of the road. The dress was like, what happened? You don't know exactly whether it's eccentric or just a mistake. Yeah. It seems like somebody who doesn't know how to put a look together. Right. It really does. I would never be seen dead in it. Oh, my. Can we move on to Gordana and the party streamers? I think the use of streamers was smart because it moved when you walked down the runway. I think the one thing that Gordana has to learn is when to stop. And, even when she has a little extra time, then use it to her advantage. So then it brings me to Elisa. And, just in terms of where I've been on the runway and the designers I've worked with, I don't know if she's up to par. It was actually a very entertaining moment to me. You can't stand at the end of the runway and explain your look for half an hour for people to begin to understand it. You need to feel it. Okay, so are we all agreed? Well, designers, what a great way to start our all-star season. One of you will be named this week's winner, and one of you will be going home. One of you will name this week's winner, and one of you will be going home. Jerell... You are safe. Well done. You can leave the runway. Mondo... Rami... The two of you have the highest scores... Which means one of you is the winner of this challenge. And that designer is... Rami. Congratulations, Rami. Thank you. I really appreciate it. We were really all hugely impressed by your design. You may leave the runway. Thank you so much. Nice to meet you. I feel like this challenge proves a point that I'm capable of construction just as well as I'm capable of draping. So I'm very happy with the results. I just feel relieved and that I could take a breath, exhale, and celebrate. Mondo, you also did an amazing job. You may also leave the runway. Thank you. Being on the show last year really validated me as a designer. And I know that I'm good enough and that I do deserve a chance. Hey, girl. - Good job, girls. - Thanks. That alone makes me want to win the competition. You think Sweet P's going home, don't you? - No, I don't think so. - I'm afraid. I hope not. Sweet P, Gordana, Elisa... The three of you this week have the lowest scores and, unfortunately, one of you will be eliminated. Gordana... You are safe, and we'll see more from you next week. Thank you so much. You may leave the runway. Good luck. Sweet P and Elisa, one of you will be in, and one of you will be out. Sweet P, you have a lot of talent, but you need to listen to your instincts and not second-guess yourself. Elisa, your designs really need to speak for themselves, not be explained. Sweet P... You're in. Oh, thank you. You may leave the runway. Which, I'm sorry, to say, Elisa, you are out. Thank you very much, all of you. Have happy every days. Thank you. Be blessed. You too. Bye, all of you. Bye. I'm completely satisfied with what I created. Yet I can still respect the fact that I was eliminated. Hello, my little friends. All: Hi. How you doing? Oh, I'm so glad that you stayed. Valentino's message said to me, "continue to be true to yourself. Make beautiful, beautiful things." And, without a doubt, that is exactly what I will continue doing. This season on Project Runway All Stars... Hopefully that dodge ball will hit her in the face. What the [Bleep] am I gonna make? When are the judges gonna notice that she just does one dress? But it's you against me. Really, bitch? You want to play like that? I feel really lonely right now. Take the shirt off your back. Welcome to Central Park. This has never been done before. This week, we've come to the world headquarters of the United Nations. Please welcome to the runway... Diane Von Furstenberg... Miranda Kerr... Pharrell Williams... And miss Piggy. Well, now I have to design a dress for a muppet. Hi-ya! I just want to, like, run up on the runway and just pull her hair off. We want to look at the design, not the hair. It's just not flattering. Is she an All-Star? That's what I'd like to know. It's Austin Scarlett. Oh, did I say starlet? The styling just came off as, like, grandma. You are crazy. This is Project Runway: All Stars, and everybody is so good here. That's fashion, darling. Visit mylifetime.com to learn more about the fashions seen on tonight's show. Synced, corrected by mercurian2007 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 