RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 8, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 RuPaul's Drag Race 
 s8e10 - Grand Finale - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 RuPaul's Drag Race (2009–…): Season 8, Episode 10 - Grand Finale - full transcript 
 The queens discuss the drama of season eight. Miss Congeniality is announced. This season's winner of the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar" is crowned. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Welcome to the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race." Ladies and gentlemen... Oh! That's me! Just look at all my queens. I am so proud. Why don't you take a picture? It'll last longer. Wait, wait, someone's missing. Raja, may I borrow your phone? Honey, that lady really needs to get her own phone! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hello? It's RuPaul. How soon can you get here? Good. I just want to say I love your makeup. All right, enough clowning around. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman...win. win. Welcome to the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race," season eight. Honey, check your lipstick, put your purse first, and donut come for me. Because tonight, we are crowning a winner! From the Orpheum Theater in downtown Los Angeles, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 welcome the queens of "RuPaul's Drag Race" season eight. The queen of all nerds, Dax ExclamationPoint. Place your bet and spin the wheel WhatPlease! She's punky yet spunky. It's Laila McQueen. Quasi spunky! The realness Still spreading that cuckoo, Cynthia Lee Fontaine. Mis amores. ?? The beauty has arrived. Give it up for Naysha Lopez. Th--the realness Gonna move into the house The beauty! ?Gonna move into the house She's bitch perfect. Get ready to trip with Acid Betty. This trip is all real. ?The realness Catch it, touch it, touch it, catch it Flavor of this fever She's hell on wheels. It's Robbie Turner. Vintage glam-our! Catch it, touch it, touch it, catch it Flavor of this fever The realness, ooh, ooh Looking good, feeling thorgeous, it's Thorgy Thor. Hey, there, Thorgy Girl! ? My love is real, the realness, ooh, ooh She's not that innocent. She's Derrick Barry. Hey, Derrick ? The way I feel is real 'Cause I know what I feel Serving Louisiana glamour, Miss Chi Chi DeVayne. Laissez bon temps roulez! ? Is real ? And now, our top three queens. Is the train still running? It's Bob The Drag Queen. Bob The Drag Queen. Not to be confused with Bob the Septic Tank Inspector. The realness The realness Donut come for her. It's Kim Chi. I'm hon-gry. Catch it, touch it, touch it, catch it Flavor of this fever The realness Th--the realness Catch it, touch it, touch it, catch it ?Flavor of this fever And last, but not least, check your lipstick before you come for her. It's Naomi Smalls. Glamour on the runway! Literally. The realness Only really matters how we feel Th--the realness The realness One more time, give it up for the queens of season eight. And now... RuPaul. You wear it well French tip, lipstick, painted on Value sure suits you, ooh ooh ooh ooh Work it for me Wardrobe change! You wear it, you wear it, you wear it well ?Wig shop, nonstop, hair salon ?You wear it well Value brand new, ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh Work it for me, work it for me, me You wear it, you wear it, you wear it well Thank you. Well, well, well, look at you. Everyone is wearing it well tonight. Welcome to the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race." Mi amor! Yes, the tribe has gathered, henny. I know we're in the middle of a presidential election, but tonight this is the race everybody's talking about... Vote for love, henny. Because together, right here on Logo TV, we can make America gay again! Hello. And I got to tell you, in this theater you have my permission to use any damn bathroom you want. Well, except mine, of course. You hear that, Jiggly? Tonight our legendary judges are here. Fresh from the drop-off at Calabasas Junior High School, it's Michelle Visage. Also here are Ross Mathews and Carson Kressley. Hi. Hi. Hi! Now, this season we've been to Oz and back, but the competition ain't over. Bob The Drag Queen, Kim Chi, and Naomi Smalls... Tonight, one of you will be crowned America's next drag superstar, but I have not made my final decision, and because we're still keeping it 100, I've asked each of you to prepare a lip sync performance to a song created just for you. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and to show the world that you deserve to be America's next drag superstar, so good luck, and don't fuck it up. You wear it well French tip, lipstick, painted on Coming up, sickening live performances by our top three. Later, the season eight queens reunite and let it all hang out when the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race" continues. What Michelle said. Oh, look at this! Welcome aboard It's "RuPaul's Drag Race: The Rusical." Now you can own the soundtrack that gives you life. I love that one! Taking you by surprise Too many daddies and not enough time The music library is open... The sugar babies ?Eggs, eggs, eggs Ooh, this one's thought-provoking. both: Eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs All I ever wanted was my cha cha hells Now, this song is on my cardio play list. To the bitch ball ?'Cause I'm the biggest star Music to my ears... literally! "RuPaul's Drag Race; The Rusical," available where fine music is sold. Good versus evil Classic! Be right back! Oh! We're back. Welcome back to the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race." Now, our top three queens have snatched your attention all season long, and tonight I've challenged each of them to slay the stage one last time. Purse first, a New York City girl who puts the taint in enter-taint-ment, give it up for a demure little lady we call Bob The Drag Queen. I don't go out looking for the spotlight The spotlight finds me Uh, over here. Try to tone it down, tuck it in real tight But it's not that easy It's not that easy Since I was a child People keep saying I've been doing too much both: Doing too much Mama always said, "Hold your head up high You've got that magic touch" both: The magic touch So whether it's acting, comedy Body, singing, dancing Or serving chocolate chip cookies I don't like to show off both: Don't show off I don't like to show off both: Don't show off I keep it subtle, keep it humble 'Cause it's not my gig I like to keep my talents tucked under my wig, whoo Whoo I don't like to show off both: Don't show off Read my lips All the other bitches call me ratchet. You're way too big I snatch it. Go ahead and hand me the Oscar. I'm the only one on the roster. If you come for B-O-B, you must be an SOB. Never was a hater, but I'm making mashed potater out of err'body right in front of you. Ha, ha, ha. I don't like to show off I don't like to show off I keep it subtle, keep it humble 'Cause it's not my gig I like to keep my talents tucked under my wig Whoo I don't like to show off Off Oh. Okay. Off Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob! Bob! Wow. Work it out for team humble. Now, while you catch your breath, let's talk to the judges. Michelle Visage, what'd you think? That was amazing. Gagging Come on, choreography. Phenomenal. I'm so proud of you. And I love that you play safe. Every one of your dancers was wearing a hard hat. I love that. It's important. I think you need to change your name to Bob The Superstar. Ooh. Well, thank you, judges. Now, Bob The Drag Queen, from the moment you entered the workroom you had uniqueness, nerve, and talent written all over you. Let's take a look. Oh, I just love these things. My name is Bob The Drag Queen. I'm hilarious, beautiful, talented, and humble. That's the biggest pearl necklace I've ever seen. How you doing, RuPaul? I'm sorry that I'm late, but "Uzo Abubu" left the stage. Well, then why did I waste my time putting on... this? Oh, there's more. This. Sometimes you borderline on showboating. Insert shady rattlesnake noise here. Bob, how's your head? No complaints. I'm Bob The Drag Queen, a queen for the people. Now, Bob, when did you first become aware of drag? I used to watch "To Wong Foo." Yas! I saw, like, this, like, glamazonian, like, goddess coming down from the ceiling wearing a big confederate flag. She's talking about me, but...you knew that, right? I was like, "Oh, this bitch is--" when I say bitch, I mean it, like, the way you'd call your grandmother a bitch. Wait. Did she just call me a grandma? I was like, "This bitch is pushing buttons, girl," and I loved it. You excelled at so many of the challenges. Did you study the show before you came on? No, I'm just really talented. Well, so much for Team Humble! You know, listen, this is my favorite show. This is what I thought I was supposed to be doing my whole life. When I was performing in, like, bars in New York City, dodging beer bottles literally, I was like, "This doesn't feel right. There's something bigger coming." Lo and behold, I found something bigger. Her name is RuPaul, and she blessed me. Yes, God. Now, Bob, at one point in the season the other queens were rooting for you to fail. Mm-hmm. What did that feel like? It felt like I was doing it right. I mean, no one's rooting for the person doing the worst. No one's like, "Oh, you're doing bad. You should get out." They're like, "Ooh, she's doing so well. Get her the fuck out of here." Well, she has a point. All right, so we've got some fan questions over there. Hallelu, I'm back, RuPaul! And hallelu to you, too, gur! Tucker from Florida wants to know, "Does your humor come from overcoming a dark place in your life?" Um, see, I mean, I have the struggles that a lot of y'all homosexuals here had, especially-- What? They're--wait, wait-- They're--this-- These are...homosexuals? I...never! I had the same hardships that everyone else here has, and we all deal with it in different ways. If you find something to filter your pain and your anger into, it'll flourish. It really will. Words of wisdom. Now, flourish! Now, Bob, you blew everyone away with your Snatch Game impersonations. Now, did you ever hear from Uzo or Carol Channing? Well, Uzo tweeted at me and was like, "This was amazing," and I was like, "Thank you," and I am obsessed with Carol Channing, but she's just--she's 95. It's hard to get out of the house when you're 95. Yeah, sure. I'm 18, and it's hard for me to get out, so. Yeah, I know, I know. Well, we did hear from the one and only Carol Channing. Take a look. Thank you, Bob, for your colorful impersonation of me. I'm so honored to be a part of your history. Oh, I'm proud of that. Oh, my God. Yes. So Bob, I know your brother's over there, right? Yeah, he's the one who's just a shade darker than me. I'm 11:00. He's midnight. Justin, what was it like growing up with Bob? Bob used to cry on my birthdays 'cause it wasn't about him. Uh...that sounds about right. That's true. That's true. Now, Bob, I know that your mother couldn't be here because of her health. Yes. Darn, you know, it would have been a great opportunity for us to have a taped message or something, but we didn't--we don't have-- wait a minute. Oh, actually, we do have a taped message. Oh. Let's roll that. Hey. Bob, this is your mother. I'm very proud of you. I've always believed in you, even when you didn't believe in yourself. Continue to work hard on your craft. Always respect your fans. Reach for the stars, Chris, do the best you can. Like I always tell you and your brother, keep the first thing the first thing, and I love you. Aw! You got me. You got me. Oh, my goodness. Now, Bob, what would it mean to you to win $100,000? $100,000 isn't the thing because money comes and goes, but winning this title, that means something. You get to go forth and carry a legacy and do something and make a change in somebody's life and put first things first and do something. Right, well--right, well-- Now, I've watched all 109 episodes of "RuPaul's Drag Race," and I've noticed you have never once walked into the room... purse first. Oh, my God, look at this. Oh, and it matches my outfit. It's perfect. I love it. Purse first. I love it. Give it up for Bob The Drag Queen. Cha cha, bitch Are you team Bob? Tweet us now with #dragrace. Next, we're gonna Kim Chi that walk and go big with Naomi Smalls as the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race" continues. Honey, we are just getting started, y'all. We'll be right back. Welcome back, Cha Cha Bitches. Now, settle in for more "Ruvelations." Welcome back to the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race." Up next, we've got an Instagram superstar who's about to lisp s-s-sync... for her life. Now serving Kim Chi. I came here to debut A brand-new dance for you Really easy to do It's the new sensation Only three things you need to do it just like me Count it like one, two, three, every generation Beyonc? Madonna Got nothing on this triple threat Do the Fat, fem, and Asian. Fat, fem, and Asian. Fat, fem, and Asian. Yeah, fat, fem, and Asian Fat, fem, and Asian Fat, fem, and Asian ...one, two, three Britney Rihanna Got nothing on this triple threat Do the fat, fem, and Asian Fat, fem, and Asian Fat, fem, and Asian Uh-huh Fat, fem, and Asian Fat, fem, and Asian Fat, fem, and Asian Fat, fem, and Asian, fat, fem, and Asian Fat, fem, and Asian Fat, fem, and Asian, fat, fem, and Asian Fat, fem, and Asian Word! Wow. Kim Chi, I love that song. It's got a good beat, and you can't dance to it. All right, Kim Chi, let's hear from the judges. Michelle Visage, what's the tea on Kim Chi? I love that your purity and your beautiful energy took something that was normally considered negative and turned it into something fun and beautiful. Yes. Nailed it Today Kim Chi is on the menu, and you are the main course. Who's hungry? Now, Kim Chi, you came to this competition hungry. You won the first challenge, and then you stayed hungry. Let's take a look. My name is Kim Chi. I came to chop suey the competition. I'm known for crazy, over-the-top pure anime fantasy. Animazing. I may across shy because I am soft-spoken, but donut come for me, because I'll destroy you. I do get concerned about your walk. It's very stiff, darling. Exqueeze me? My mom doesn't know that I do drag. What? Exqueeze me? You didn't just get better. You got fierce. I don't want to be America's next drag superstar. I am America's next drag superstar. Now, Kim Chi, you were so honest and vulnerable this season. In fact, watching the show back, at one point you made me ugly cry, girl, so I hope you don't mind if I ask you some very personal questions. First one, when was the last time you fell down? Actually, earlier today. I'm not even joking. I tripped on my skirt, and I fell over the craft service table. Queen down! Now, everyone is gagging on your looks, just so many amazing looks. What inspires you? My inspiration comes from a lot of random places. I could be walking down the street and see a rock and be like, "Oh, that rock is pretty. Let me make a gown inspired by the rock," so there's no one set inspiration, but everyday life and nature. Now, is it true you gave the $3,000 you won in the first challenge to your mother? Why'd you do that? My mom works really hard to, you know, pay the bills, and she works as a server at a Korean restaurant currently, and I want to do everything that I can to help my mom financially. Yeah. Have you told her that you do drag yet? I still have not, but, you know, it's like-- She didn't watch the show? I mean, she's very Korean-American, and she's really, like, not open to American culture at all, so I don't think-- yeah, I don't think she'll ever find out about "Drag Race." We'll see about that. I am a firm believer in things happen when they're supposed to happen, so right after this, why don't we drive over to your mother's house and I tell her myself? Road trip? Road trip. Road trip. Yes. Who's here supporting you tonight? I have my friend Ryan, Diana, Amy, and Trixie. So Diana, what do you think of Kim Chi's journey? I think Kim Chi is the most creative, talented, and hardworking person I know. I'm so happy to be your friend, and I want the best for you. I'm verklempt. All right, now, we've got some fan questions for you, Kim Chi. Oh, look, we have the Pit Crew coming d-- and they-- you forgot your pants, guys. Kim Chi, Tiara from Facebook asks, "If you could lose your virginity to a member of the Pit Crew... who would it be?" Um, I'm not trying to catch anything, so I'm gonna say none of them, but-- You know, that may just be the shadiest moment in "Drag Race" herstory. Shade. Shade. Shade! Oh, thank you, Pit Crew members. I don't know what to say after that. All right, Kim Chi, well, we have one more question. Well, actually, it's more of a statement. Take a look. Kim Chi, I am supreme leader, but you are supreme drag queen. You better work, or else I put you in a labor camp. Kim Chi, it's Margaret Cho. I'm so proud of you. You're so beautiful. You are so funny, and I think you are a good dancer. So Kim Chi, what would it mean to you to become America's next drag superstar? It would obviously change my life. I'd be able to not be broke. I'd be able to afford guacamole on my burrito bowl. I'd be able to start my own makeup company, which I would love to do, and it would mean that anybody who's ever felt like they weren't part of anything, anybody that felt like they couldn't be anything, as long as you stay true to who you are, be creative, be original, and your dreams will eventually come true. Well, Kim Chi, read my lisp... We love you. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Kim Chi. Are you team Kim Chi? Then tweet all about it. #dragrace. Up next, Naomi Smalls is gonna stretch her legs when the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race" continues. Now it's a good time for you to stretch your legs too. Be right back. Okay, here we go! Welcome back to the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race." Now it's time for our final performance of the night. Oh, and by the way, kittens, you can buy these top three songs right now wherever fine music is sold, and you can watch them again and again Now, our next queen strutted her stuff all the way to the top. Please give a big supermodel welcome to Naomi Smalls. They tried to put me on the cover of "Vogue," But my legs were too long Every day is leg day Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday Thighs, calves, all the way Thursday, Friday, Saturday Sunday is the one day I get on my runway Ready for it, hunty? Ready for it, hunty? I'm legendary, all legs, no dairy I'm legendary, all legs, no dairy Legs, legs What's on the menu? Legs, legs What's on the menu? Legs, legs What's on the menu? Legs. Legs, legs, legs, legs Legs. Legs, legs, legs, legs Legs Legs Every day is leg day That girl sure do like her some chicken! Want this chocolate milkshake? Watch it while your heart breaks Sunday is the one day I get on the runway Ready for it, hunty? Ready for it, hunty? I'm legendary, all legs, no dairy I'm legendary Yes, henny, be a lady! Legs, legs What's on the menu? Legs, legs What's on the menu? Legs, legs What's on the menu? Legs Linda, Naomi Smalls Christie, Naomi Smalls Cindy, Naomi Smalls Claudia, Naomi Smalls Legs, legs What's on the menu? Legs, legs What's on the menu? Legs, legs What's on the menu? Oh yeah, oh, yeah Legs, legs What's on the menu? Legs, legs What's on the menu? Legs, legs What's on the menu? Oh yeah, oh yeah Legs Wow. Legs for days. Okay, Naomi, let's talk to the judges. Michelle Visage? Honey, whatever's on the menu, I'm buying two. Look how far you've come, honey, and you have proven tonight that you have legs up on the competition. Yes, you do. Legs do seem to be on the menu. You came, you saw, you contoured, and you conquered. Yes. Thank you, Naomi Smalls. Now, as the youngest queen to compete this season, you've come a long way, baby. Let's take a look. I am Naomi Smalls. Check your lipstick before you come for me. Naomi has legs all the way up to her ass hole. Naomi is a fashion girl. She's fucking fierce. Bitches better beware. Oh, all of that right there. I'm giving you Naomi Campbell strutting down a Versace runway. I just thought it was perfection. This is how you win this competition. I have eight brothers and three sisters. Whoa. That is crazy. This is my mom. She's, like, the best mom ever. Do you have a message you want to say to your mother? Thank you for everything you've ever done, and I hope I can repay you for the rest of my life. Mmm... I'm Naomi Smalls, and I promise to represent you fiercely. Naomi, you have the fever and the flavor for fashion. Now, where does that come from? I honestly don't know because I grew up in, like, a family that was... sorry, guys, not the most fashion-forward or anything like that, but I just remember, like, looking at magazines when I was a kid and just being so obsessed with them, and I wanted to look like these amazing supermodels that were in the glossy pages. No pressure! Now, halfway through the competition you seemed to come to life. What happened? I was so scared in the beginning of standing out and--like, for the wrong reasons, but when it comes to Snatch Game, you can't hide anywhere, and being in the bottom two and having to lip sync for my life just put that fire underneath my ass to take chances and stand out for all the right reasons. Atta girl. You did really well. Thank you. Now, Naomi, we have a taped message from one fierce queen. Let's take a look. Hi, Naomi. Now, in Westeros there's only room for one queen, but in Ru's queendom, girl, I can't wait to see you take that crown. Now...Cersei that walk. I love that. So good. Now, we have some fan questions. G-G-G-Gia? Herminio from Mexico... Hi, Herminio. Would like to know how did it feel when Naomi Campbell checked you online? [laughs] It was, like, the biggest moment of my life. What did she say? Well, she followed me on Instagram, and then she had, like, this interview saying, "I really am loving that Naomi Smalls," and I, like-- I love that. Everything! Tell me this. What would it mean to you to become America's next drag superstar? It would mean the world to me to be America's next drag superstar. Just to get that stamp of approval from you and carry on your legacy would be-- Yeah, supermodel, work! The biggest goal I ever met in my life. I love it. Now, before we go, I want to say hello to your mother. Where is she? She's right there. Would you--where-- Oh, there she is. Hi. So June, what was it like raising a leggy supermodel? Well, I'm a little shocked that he didn't get fashion tips from me. Me, too, Mama. Me, too! He has always been amazing. Really? Yes. Did you buy the fashion magazines, or did-- No, but I did start buying the wigs and the shoes and the-- Now, besides Naomi, how many kids did you raise? 12 altogether. Wow. Wow. Naomi, where are your other brothers and sisters tonight? Well, they're all over the world. They're actually all over this theater too. Well, let's bring them out, the Von Trapp family singers. I have an idea! Let's remake "The Sound of Music" with drag queens! Oh! Oh! How are you? Hi, sweetie. How are you? How are you? Ahh! You know, like I always say, the family that drags together slays together. Let's hear it for the legendary, all legs, no dairy, Naomi Smalls. Cover Girl, put the bass in your walk Are you team Naomi? Then let the world know. Tweet it with #dragrace. Coming up, the queens reunite, we announce Miss Congeniality, and more when the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race" continues. We are getting closer to that crown, henny! Hey, nerds, "Ruvealed" is back on. Pay attention! Welcome back to the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race." Now, we're just moments away from crowning America's next drag superstar, but first it's time to bring back my girls. Starting with a nerdy bird, a glam rock rebel, and one cuckoo queen. My name is Dax ExclamationPoint. What's up, nerds? My look is very inspired by, like, science fiction and comics, strong, bad bitches who don't take any crap from anybody else. Show me your exclamation point. Yeah! All right, ladies, let's turn up the juice and see what shakes loose. Laila is, like, a whory quasi-- I don't want to say gothy, but, like, gothy. My biggest concern is that I'm gonna fade into the background. I'm here too. Dax ExclamationPoint, Laila McQueen, neither one of you survived that lip sync. Sashay away. Both of us? Really? Sorry about it. How you doing, mis amores? My name is Cynthia Lee Fontaine. Do you want to see my cuckoo? Cuckoo. Cuckoo. I need a space for this junk in the trunk. I'm sexy as a goddess is. I'm funny as a clown. I am sickening Did my teeth look yellow? No. Ha! Dax ExclamationPoint and Laila McQueen, welcome back. Hello. Hey, Ru. So Dax, I hear that the song "I Will Survive" is haunting you everywhere you go. Is that true? Yes, like, literally everywhere I go, like, it could be a gas station, grocery store, anywhere, it just happens to come on. Listen, if I were you two, I would seize the moment. I would record another song. I would s--call it "I Didn't Survive." Wait--what? Too soon? You know? It'd be a huge hit. But seriously, there are no losers on "Drag Race." Dax, what's life been like since you were on the show? Honestly, life has been absolutely amazing. Like, the fans have been phenomenal. I mean, obviously, like, I don't have as many fans as, like, you know, Kim Chi or Bob or Naomi. That's fine. It's fine, but the ones I do have are phenomenal. Now, I've got a confession to make. Laila McQueen and I have a secret past. I deny it, but there's proof. Take a look. That little pixie to the right of me is Laila McQueen when I was not running for president in Manchester, New Hampshire. You know, my grandmother calls you Ron Paul. Now, did you ever imagine at that point that you would be on this stage? Oh, absolutely not. I mean, I was performing in, like, function halls and Mexican restaurants. Like, I never imagined being here or anywhere else around the world. So now, what's happened to you because of "Drag Race"? I get to go everywhere and meet the people that love the work I do and embrace so much love that I never thought I would see. All that at the truck stop? So Dax, Laila, you aren't just surviving. You are thriving. Thank you. Next up, straight from Santee Alley, Cynthia Lee Fontaine. Now, since the show, you've been through it, haven't you, girl? Yes, actually the episode that I been eliminated, I was experience symptoms. I'm here to celebrate that. Wow. Yes. And how do you feel right now? I'm in the discharge process already right now, so I feel amazing. I feel fantastic. Good. Yeah. Did any of your drag sisters reach out to you? Yes, one special person, and it's Acid Betty. That Acid Betty? That Acid Betty. Aw... Yeah, Acid Betty. She came to visit me as soon as she knew that I was diagnosed. She was taking care of me. She was like, "Bitch, you're not alone. I got your back." Yep. Sounds just like her. I think the positive attitude from all my entire new sisterhood helped me to recovery and helped me to be more positive every day. Wow. I love it. Well, Cynthia Lee Fontaine, we are cuckoo for your cuckoo. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Now a queen who always picks up when I call and a badass in total control of herself. Let's take a look. The beauty is here. My name is Naysha Lopez. I spend money. I don't do drag on a dime. Naysha Lopez, sashay away. How soon can you get here? Bitches, I'm back! Come through! Face, body, glamour. Your ass is real? Yes. Realness, boo. This acid trip is all real. My drag style is completely over the top, punk unicorn realness. The main bullet point of Acid Betty is she's a bitch. I'm not gonna be unprepared because of you, boo. Oh! She's serious! Acid Betty, you've taken us on one wild trip. Now, Naysha Lopez, Michelle and I have a running bet, okay? That ass of yours, is it real? So listen, Ru, I-- I eat well. I work out. I have 10 ccs of medical grade silicon. I--no. Uh-huh. That's what I thought. So on the show you said your ass was real. My ass is real. However, have I had some enhancements to the body-ody-ody? Yeah. Yes, I have. Ah. Now, you missed the Madonna runway storyline. Yes. What would you have worn? I'm a very creative person, and what I had going on was another kimono. What? What is it with these queens and kimonos? Naysha, thanks for gracing us with your gorgeous beauty and that booty twice. Yes. Next, Acid Betty. Now, are you really here, or am I having a flashback? That's a good question. Now, you turned out some killer looks this season. Thank you. How have fans been to you? I love the fans. They are the best, the best. The best thing of this show are the fans. The love is so intense, and it's wonderful. I actually had a kid that I met at DragCon, and they decided that they were gonna go into fashion and got a full scholarship to FIDM because of seeing me on the TV show. Wow. Wow. Those are the stories we love to hear. Now, Acid Betty, you took a lot of heat for your Nancy Grace impersonation, but some people really, really liked it. Take a look. Acid Betty, I loved watching you be me, but frankly, speaking professionally, you got a raw deal. You were robbed. No tea, no shade, but unleash the lawyers. We got a case here. Nancy Grace? This show has everything! Aci, I could go on talking to you all night, but I refuse to say anything further until I lawyer up. Ladies and gentlemen, Acid Betty. Coming up, get into the groove when Robbie, Thorgy, Derrick, and Chi Chi return, and find out who snatches Miss Congeniality. Plus, are you team Bob, team Kim Chi, or team Naomi? I can't hear you. Tweet us with #dragrace as the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race" continues. Hey, all, we'll be right back! All right, now we are back. Now, settle down. Welcome back to the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race." Now, the best way to describe our next three queens is brassy, Brooklyn, and Britney, bitch. Good morning. My name is Robbie Turner, and I'm the kindest queen you'll ever meet. I want you to be hot and saucy Yes, Marilyn. She's in a league of her own. I would wear the hell out of that jumpsuit. Me, too! Oh, girl! Whoo! Thorgy with a T-H and orgy, and I feel incredible. I'm colorful. I'm fun, and I'm a fashion clown. This is harder on me than it is for you guys. No, it's not! That girl is not playin'! But also I can be, like, fucking fierce. Whoo! I'm so proud of you. Great job. Yes! It'd Derrick, bitch. I may look angelic, but I am not that innocent. I also have a career with my wigs on. You'll have a career once you start gluing yours down. You have to give us more. That is not a Britney reference. Oh! Oh! That's how you go out in style, girls. Now, Robbie Turner, how does someone so young know so much about classic Hollywood? My mother and father wouldn't allow us to watch contemporary films, so we watched classic Hollywood films all the time, so I thought they were contemporary. So you can imagine little baby Robbie when she's like, "Judy Garland died many moons ago," and it's like, "What?" Now, what was your favorite moment on the show? On my birthday I won the singing challenge with the le chicken wings, and Debbie Harry came back and said happy birthday to me. I'm like, um, I don't see the problem with this birthday at all-- "Drag Race," Debbie, chicken wings. Sounds like a dream birthday to me. Robbie, thank you so much for all the classic sass. Oh, and by the way, I will be sending you a bill for that broken light bulb that you did. Now, that's gonna come out of next season's budget. Up next, hey, there, Thorgy girl. Hey, Ru. Yeah! Now, like Michelle and I, you and Bob have a very complicated relationship. Well, that's... one way to put it. I love to argue and fight about everything. I love it. There's always a way to tear things apart and make them better. Bob can take it from me. He'll just listen to me talk and go, "I still don't like you." But when people see me and Bob doing that, they're like, "Oh, you guys really don't like each other." I'm like, "I just love fighting with him so much," but I'm just in love with Bob very much. Now, you have dreams of starting a Thorchestra? Is that right? Yeah. What is a--what's a Thorchestra? Well, ever since I was playing violin and then I got into, like, the art of drag, I wanted to conduct, like, a 40-piece orchestra. I wanted to travel the world. I want, like, Rufus Wainwright to wheel out on a piano and be like, "Oh, my friend Rufus is here to sing a song." That's a great idea. Will you play a little something for us right now? Sure. Oh, my God! No lip synching here. That violin is all real. Thank you, guys. Well, Thorgy, I cannot wait to see what you're gonna do next. Whoo! Up next, the 100th queen to prance into my workroom-- Hey, Derrick Whoo! Now, you struggled to get out of the Britney box, as it was called. Yes. What's your relationship with Britney now? I will always do Britney. I'm not leaving it behind. Of course I wanted to come on the show to expand what I already do and take it to the next level, and I feel like not only can I do Britney now, I can do drag. I'm doing drag right now. Now, Derrick, throughout the season you were not afraid to speak your mind loudly, especially with Bob and Naomi. You have any regrets about that? Everything? Oh, gosh, it's hard because I watch it back, I'm like, "Oh, wow, I shouldn't have said that. Probably shouldn't have had that drink and untucked." Don't drag under the influence. Yes, I have a hard time taking criticism because I've never been criticized like that before. Doing Britney was what I've always done, and I was praised for that, and now coming into this competition it was almost looked down upon that that was something that I was known to do. And I learned so much from Naomi, and she taught me how to block my brows, and I think I'm doing it now. Thank you, Derrick, and I will always think of you as my genie in a bottle. Yes, I know that's a Christina song, but I've run out of Britney references! Give me a break! Yes. We love you, Derrick Barry. "RuPaul's Drag Race" celebrates drag across America. Presenting the Kinsey Sicks. "RuPaul's Drag Race" Start your engines "RuPaul's Drag Race" May the best woman win Coming up, straight out of Shreveport, Hurricane Chi Chi DeVayne, plus Katya returns to name Miss Congeniality as the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race" keeps on keeping on. SeeNice girls do win. Be right back. We are getting close, kittens. Let's watch. Welcome back to "RuPaul's Drag Race" grand finale. Now, we are moments away from finding out if Bob The Drag Queen, Kim Chi, or Naomi Smalls will be crowned America's next drag superstar. But first the queen who has turned this season on its head. Let's take a look. Laissez les bon temps roulez. My name is Chi Chi DeVayne, and I don't get ready. I stay ready. My drag is that real southern dragged out style of drag. Prove to us that you're a champion. Not only have you guys taught me how to be a better entertainer, but you have taught me how to be a better person, and $100,000 cannot buy that. Yes, Louisiana glamour. When you came to "Drag Race," you had quit two jobs to be on the show. How many jobs do you have now? I have one job, Ru, and I'm a full-time drag queen! That's what's up. That's what's up. How do fans react when they meet you? Oh, my God, first time in New York, I'm in Times Square, and the shortest little Hispanic woman stopped me in the street, and she just instantly start crying. Aw! That I represented all of the people in the world to her that are out there struggling to make ends meet and who have a dream, and the dream has come true. Dreams come true, y'all. Dreams come true. And speaking of dreams, the "Dreamgirls" lip sync that you did, oh, honey, that was legendary, and I'm not the only one who thought so. Take a look at this. You, Miss Chi Chi DeVayne, are a true inspiration. I tell you that your heartfelt rendition of "And I'm Telling You" moved me. And, honey, when those bees start flying right after you and I hit our high note, honey, you gave me life, and I'm gonna make you an official Dreamgirl. Gagging! Do you have anything else you'd like to say? Thank you from the bottom of my heart. You have changed my life forever. Thank you. You made my dreams come true. That is the sweetest thing. I really appreciate that. I've been watching you for a long time, and to have you finally on the show is really my honor. Aw. She puts the "hug" in "thug." All right, now it's time to announce the winner of this year's Miss Congeniality. All the way from Moscow by way of Boston and a pit stop in Pacoima... It's Katya. Hi, Katya. Hi, Ru. Hey, listen, I brought you some water. Are you thirsty? So Katya, what have you been up to? Oh, my God, what haven't I been up to? Listen, I learned horseback riding. I've been doing macrame. I visited, like, 6 out of the 12 continents in the world. It's been a whirlwind. It's been a-- All right, yeah, well, is there something you want to tell me? I mean-- I--well, okay, yeah, I'm not technically bisexual. I mean, I'm open. I'm open-- No, no, no, no, n--no. No, no, I am open--listen, I am-- I'm talking about what you came out here for. You remember? You came-- Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, look at this thing. Okay. Yeah. Oh, yeah, hold--will you hold this water for me please? Yeah, sure. The winner of season eight Miss Congeniality and a cash prize of $5,000... Yup. Courtesy of the all-new Fiat 500x crossover is... Cynthia Lee Fontaine! CuCu! CuCu! Cynthia, is there anything you'd like to say? This is very important for me because experiencing cancer give me the opportunity just only to be stronger than ever and represent my community the best that I can, and the only way that we can do that is funny and showing the CuCu to the world. Thank you, RuPaul, so very much. Thank you. Thank you to my sisters. And thanks to all of you for voting. Thank you. Are you team Bob, team Kim Chi, or team Naomi? Sound off now. Next, "Drag Race" legends are standing by to help Ru crown America's next drag superstar when the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race"... Don't go CuCu. We'll be right back. Oh, my gosh, it's crowning time! Let's watch! Welcome back to the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race." All rise for your top three-- Bob The Drag Queen... Kim Chi... Real is what you feel Naomi Smalls. Put your money down Place your bet and spin the wheel The realness There are only eight people on earth that know what it feels like to be the winner of "RuPaul's Drag Race," and they're all here tonight to share their words of wisdom. Welcome back my champions. BeBe Zahara Benet. Cameroooon! Cameroon welcomes you to the royal family, darling. Remember, always give them face, face, face, and more face. Tyra Sanchez. TheotherTyra. Be the biggest, baddest bitch of them all, a royal bitch. Love, America's sweetheart. Raja. In the prophetic words of a wise mystic, express yourself. -That'show you do Madonna, children. It is now your duty to honor a divine legacy and to leave an indelible imprint in herstory. Sharon Needles. Straight from Party City. Well, unless nobody likes you. In that case, just be Alaska. Chad Michaels. She's a professional! Snap out of it, ladies. Just do you, or when in doubt, just do Cher, bitch. Jinkx Monsoon. Honey, it's Monsoon season! When the bitches come for you, murder them with kindness. And don't forget, the best thing about Monsoon season is it happens annually. Bianca Del Rio. Hurricane Bianca. Advice for this year's winner. Enjoy the ride, and pay your damn taxes. Right, Sharon? Jinkx? Raja? And America's reigning drag superstar, Violet Chachki! Y'all, I don't think y'all ready for this. I know I wasn't. We're all born naked and the rest is drag I'll say it again It's never been the clothes Wait--are those bugs? Nothing can Leave all your baggage behind And I said I'm telling, I'm telling I'm telling the truth now I'm telling, I'm telling, I'm telling the truth now I'm telling, I'm telling I'm telling the truth now We're all born naked, and the rest is drag Wow! Violet, what has your year been like? My year has been incredible. I've worked with some of the best people in the industry, the fashion world, the burlesque world, the art world. I've gotten validation, people that I respected for years and years and years, so it's been the most personally gratifying year of my life. I am so thankful to RuPaul, all the fans. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. I love you guys. Thank you, Violet. Now, in addition to the title of America's next drag superstar, the winner of "RuPaul's Drag Race" will receive a crown and scepter provided by Fierce Drag Jewels, a sickening supply of makeup from Anastasia Beverly Hills, and a cash prize of $100,000. Yes, queens! Now, the time has come to crown our queen. Bob The Drag Queen, Kim Chi, Naomi Smalls. As always, I've consulted with the judges and the fans, but the final decision is mine to make. The winner of "RuPaul's Drag Race," America's next drag superstar is... Bob The Drag Queen. I knew it! I knew it! If I dream all the possibilities If you just believe In your wildest dreams, they will come true They will come true My queen, is there anything you have to say? Yes. I have too much to say, but I'm gonna keep it to one thing. Take whatever you love about yourself, and walk into the world purse first! If I dream everything I wanna be If I dream all the possibilities If you just believe In your wildest dreams, they will come true They will come true Listen, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get a amen up in here? all: Amen! Amen! All right, now let the music play! If I dream everything I wanna be If I dream all the possibilities Thank you for watching with me as we crowned another drag superstar. Until next time, byeeeee! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 