RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 13, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 RuPaul's Drag Race 
 s13e5 - Episode #13.5 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 RuPaul's Drag Race (2009–…): Season 13, Episode 5 - Episode #13.5 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 RuPaul: Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... You'll be starring in movies for the RuPaulmark Channel. Ooh, come on, bitch! - [laughs] - I am putting a wall factory where a wall factory ought to be! Why did you leaf me all these years ago? Denali. I think you could have gone way further with it. - Kahmora Hall. - You're so buttoned up, and I feel like you struggle with that. - Kandy Muse. - You were a joy to watch. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But your train look, it's a little too plain. Symone. This has never been done on a runway. You are the Soul Train, I tell you. You're the winner of this week's challenge. [applause] Denali, shantay you stay. Thanks. Kahmora Hall, sashay away. - Girl. - [sighs] So we're back in the werkroom after Kahmora's elimination. There it is. And, oh, I'm devastated that I had to send my closest friend home. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 "Keep chasing the sparkle. I love you ladies, Kahmora..." All: Hall. Now that Kahmora's gone home, the competition is feeling definitely a lot more real. It just fucking sucks, because I know every single girl is now looking at me as a bottom bitch. I want these girls' respect almost as much as I want to win this competition. Girl, let me tell y'all, being in that position is horrible. - The bottom three? - The bottom three. You know what's even worst? Lip syncing! I still don't think you should have been in the bottom. I don't either. Hey, I'm not a judge. Wait, then, Kandy, who do you think would have been in the bottom? I said earlier I thought Elliott should have been in the bottom. Watching it back, I wasn't laughing, I wasn't kiki-ing. I thought that her group was stronger than she was, and I thought that Denali and LaLa were both stronger in their performance. Really? I'm here in this competition for a reason, just as well as everybody else. I was brought back 16 times for a reason. So I'm sorry I wasn't your taste of the week. [all laugh] [tongue pop] She is not a judge. She doesn't get to decide why I was safe. My job is to win. It is not to listen to peasants and what they have to say about me. I was really happy to be in the top. Top two, if I say so myself. But being that close to "Con-drag-ulations, you're the winner," and not winning, it's like... I mean, I'm so happy that my sister won, because you know, girl, the bald-headed brigade is happening. But right now, Symone has two wins under her belt, and she is my biggest competition here right now. No, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no. She's competition. No, she's competition, but right now... But she ain't your biggest. You ain't seen us yet. You know what? But from what I have seen, my sister's already won two times. So for me, she's my competition. I get it. I get it. But she's not the biggest. We all are here. Well, we're gonna see. I gotta bring you down a little bit now. The only thing that stopped me from winning this week was my look, so I know that next week, when I come back with my looks and storm the challenge once again... - Okay. - I can win the challenge. - Okay. - And be the winner. How 'bout that? If y'all feel that that is shade to y'all, saying that y'all not big competition, baby, then that's on y'all. This is my competition right now. Okay. Remember you said that. Just because you did exceptionally well in this particular challenge, now all of a sudden you sitting beside Michelle. No, bitch, get back over here in this line. You number 12. Take your original spot right back over here with this twisted, busted wig on your head. Kapow. We all met, and you said, "Ooh, this cast is spicy." Baby, you are the Sriracha, bitch, okay? [all laugh] Well... Sriracha bitch. Sriracha! Tamisha works off of negative vibes, and Kandy lit that fire for me. And my thing is ain't no bitch gonna show me what you don't know about me. The pageant has started, so now we can battle. Tamisha, just because you've been doing drag for 500 years does not mean that you are better than me. It's a thin line between confidence and arrogance, and I can't stand that, especially when you're not on my level. If she don't shut the fuck up... She gonna find herself a new enemy. RuPaul: The winner ofRuPaul's Drag Race receives a one-year supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics and a cash prize of $100,000. With extra-special guest judge Nicole Byer. ♪ RuPaul's Drag Race ♪ ♪ May the best woman ♪ ♪ Best woman win ♪ Aah! [all laugh] So it's a new day in the werkroom. One girl has officially left the competition, and being in the bottom three, that kinda gave me a little kick in the ass to get my shit together. Because you could easily be out the door, girl, in the blink of an eye. I blink two eyes, but, bitch... [door opens] Hello, hello, hello! [cheering] Ladykins, guess what? I'm throwing a birthday party to celebrate the inner child that lives in each of you. Hi, baby! [all laugh] So for today's mini-challenge, you need to shake, rattle, and roll for Baby Got Back. [laughter and applause] You've got 20 minutes to get into quick baby drag. Go! Baby, baby, baby, baby! These girls look psycho. RuPaul, you got us doing some crazy baby shit. Mwah. All right, children, remember, the most bouncin' and misbehavin' baby wins. All right, let's get this birthday party started! Hit it! Now, first up, Kandy Muse. Yes! Ooh, she's a boss baby. Now, that's a queen who likes to pamper herself. - Aah! - Yes. Baby wants a new daddy! Ooh, who's a big girl now? Yes! I don't know why Rosé's baby is terrifying me. There's someone on your back! That's what I call a baby bump. Ooh, her diaper rash is on fire! [all laugh] Ain't nobody told LaLa that she is three years old. She is a full-grown woman. We heard the music, and she go, oh, bitch, this is the twerk. [all laugh] Her milk bottle brings all the toys to the yard. [cheering] Ooh, Shirley Temple meets Shirley Temple! [wails] ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪ [RuPaul laughs] Now, you were all cutie-patooties, but I really went gaga for one of you. LaLa Ri, you are a winner, baby. [cheers and applause] - All right! - Whoo! Now, queens, for this week's maxi-challenge, we're throwing a ball. - Yes! - Whoo! A bag ball. That's right, you need to serve three bag-nificent looks. Now, look number one is Mixed Bag, a punny look of your choice that includes the word "bag" in its description. Look number two, Money Bags, a boss bitch look that says "I own everything." Opulence! [cheering] And look number three, from scratch, you need to design and create a high fashion, show-stopping look that's made entirely out of bags. Oh, my God. As in grocery bags, sleeping bags, duffel bags, teabags, and things of that nature. Lordy, I am feeling a little shaken up. I am not a seamstress, and I have presented myself so well on the runway. And I don't want the look that I personally make to not be up to par. All right, racers, start your engines, and may the best bag queen win! [cheers and applause] RuPaul: Coming up... Is it cute? You kind of look like Dora the Explorer. [all laugh] Bitch. [RuPaul laughs, bell dings] [RuPaul laughs] This week's maxi-challenge is the Bag Ball, bitch. Oh, no! I don't even know what I have. They're animals. I'm basically left with these drawstring bags. I was not prepared for Drag Race to turn into fucking WWE up in this gig. So what are your ideas, darling? I originally wanted to use the pink beanbag. After Miss Double T jumped in like a flying squirrel, almost knocked me over, I found these bookbags, and, like, I think they're just really colorful and, like, girly and really playful. Right now I'm thinking to myself, all right, book bags, really, like, bright colors. What am I thinking, what am I thinking? Hmm, book bags. School. First day of school. Ho. First day of college semester. Imma be a ho! I was in the top last week. I don't wanna be in the bottom this week. - Right. - No, ma'am, I wanna win. And my look got me through, so... - Ooh! - [laughs] This ball definitely makes me a little bit nervous, because last week on the runway, my ass got read down for my fucking dress. I don't wanna repeat that again. I definitely wanna win a challenge, and if I can win the Bag Ball challenge... The ball? Bitch... Is there anybody you're worried about? Oh, yeah, she's incredible. Olivia also is really good. - Look, the stakes are high. - Yeah. And there's a lot going on, but just stick to yourself. You're over here sewing up a storm. I don't see much sewing happening over there, so... We'll see who's using hot glue and Jesus. [both laugh] Are you experienced with a sewing machine? I am not. If you need any assistance with the sewing machine... Well, I need to help threading it... Oh, here, it has an automatic threader. - Really? - Yeah, so it comes down. First you gotta go up into here. This slant is where the bobbin goes. Okay. So we take this off, this thread off? Nope, you... Let's just keep that. Who would have thought that this was just this complicated, to put together a sewing machine? [laughs] Done. Thank you. Look at that. - Your first bobbin! - Oh, my God, I just bobbed! - You just bobbed! - Yes! Come on, Miss LaLa, you bobbin. Yes, I'm bobbin and weavin' over here! I still don't know what the hell she's doing, but I'm just acting like, yeah, girl, thank you. Just finish this for me and let me boom, boom, boom. Next season, girls, if you need a seamstress, call me. I'm available. So I get to sewing, and boom, bitch, I break the machine. [sewing machine stops] Bitch, oh, they're about to eliminate me right now. I done broke these people's nice little machine, girl. First round, machine. Round two, let's go. I don't know what to do, because this doesn't bend. - You know what I mean? - Let me see. I feel like you need to cut this off and then cut panels like this. And then you could put, like, rope in between. Mm, I'm nervous. I am kind of spiraling out right now because I don't have the sewing skills to do what I would actually want to do. You could do, like, a panty with it, and then, like, do, like, a rope, like, belt fringe thing. Ooh, that could be a moment. Symone is stressing out about this challenge, which is so weird, because she is one of the most beautiful girls I've ever seen in my life. She really has this inner situation that really gets to her, and that needs to go. I just need to get her back into that headspace to remember that she's that bitch. I feel like we'll just attempt to sew you into it. That makes me nervous. It does, but you're gonna have to. It doesn't have any stretch. You can't slide into that. I am literally... I'm scared shitless right now. I wanna know the tea. Hold on. Miss LaLa? - Huh? - I heard that she was the one that put you in drag for the first time. This is true. - What? - Yes, girl. Miss Tamisha! She put me in drag many, many years ago, honey. - So she's your drag mama. - Yeah. But I didn't really take it serious until, like, years later. But she took a tour that day. Tamisha Iman took me under her wings, like, a few years back as, like, her drag child. But we haven't really talked in years, so I feel like we're both here for a reason. I feel like that reason is for us to reconnect. It was, like, what, five years? - Yeah. - A five-year, like, break. Imans are known for dancing. You can tell that's an Iman right away. While I was getting bucked. Any time I put a new face or a new baby in drag, they become one of my kids, you know. So LaLa was an Iman for that day, you know. But LaLa is not an original Iman. I don't want the kids back home to say, "That bitch ain't no Iman." But she is always gonna be an Iman at heart, so I'm still the first drag mother, and it's just... It is what it is. I'm looking around at these girls. I think Symone has, like, a bra and panty set. Where's Waldo Girl. I'm really curious to see how LaLa does. I think she had to, like... She ran out of something. She had to change something. So I came up with a plan B. So I look at the bags, I said, well, bitch, you can hot-glue these together and make, like, a cute little dress. So I started to hot-glue the bags together. As I'm hot-gluing the bags, I realize that it's getting less and less and less. And I get to a point where I realize, bitch, oh, you ain't got enough material to cover this body. Aah. Aah. I'm just gonna pray on it. Lord, bitch... not bitch. You know you're not a bitch, Lord. Lord, girl, can you please help me out, because I didn't come here to be a bottom bitch. So can you give me some type of truth or knowledge to surpass all of these next challenges? In Jesus' name, I pray. Amen. RuPaul: Coming up... So you gonna bring two little scraps. The struggle is real. I want to be weirder than Carol Burnett, scarier than Tim Burton, and all in one big pblblbl. Okay. [RuPaul laughs, bell dings] [RuPaul laughs] So this week's maxi-challenge is the mother fucking Bag Ball, and we are all so excited. So this is gonna be real interesting. Anybody got a needle? Mine just broke. Is it cute? You kind of look like Dora the Explorer. [laughs] So, ladies, who's been to the ball before? I'm a big fan of ballroom. Big, big, big, big, big fan of ballroom. It's an actual great place to where if you don't fit in anywhere, a ball has so many different categories to where they welcome you in. Girl, I wanna go so bad. We don't have... like, we don't have any in my city. To hear Utica say, "Well, I don't understand a ball," I was, like, okay. This is my Jack Mizrahi moment, you know? Let me bring a little ballroom to the room. The category is drag queen. Bring it to the runway! [laughter and shouting] I have admired balls since before I admired drag. Catwalk, catwalk, catwalk. - Werk! - Werk! [cheering and laughter] Because of just the pioneers of the ballroom scene. I used to hear a lot about Willi Ninja and Leiomy. She was a lot like Tandi. She had no fear. [scat singing] Aow! That's it? - I got a bad knee. - Oh, okay. Category... Now, that's a ball. Now you can't say you ain't seen no balls. [all laugh] Hey, squirrel friends! - Hi! - Hi! Has anyone seen my bag? - Which one? - I cut it up. All right, Kandy and Symone, come on down. Hi. Kandy, you are always in them short-shorts. I just love showing off my body. Okay. So, Kandy, sell me on your ball presentation. Well, first and foremost, I'm gonna be a magician on the main stage. I'm gonna be pulling some tricks outta my bag literally. Oh, really? There will be no undergarments showing, I promise you that. Only body. So now, Symone, you won last week. I did. Are these other bitches coming for you, because... - They're coming. - Are they? With knives and bats and things. - I feel it, I feel it. - [laughs] But that's all right. It's a competition. What can you expect? - That's what you're here for. - Yeah. The only thing I worry about with someone like you is how deep your saboteur might be, you know. Because it's as clever as you are, and that's the part that it sort of hurts my heart a little bit. Yeah, it's crazy that you say that, because this challenge... Of course, I don't know how to sew. I was like, you know what? You have to make it work. You just have to push forward and do what you know you can do, and work with what you have. This is something that happens in this room a lot, is the negotiating the other voice in your head, and knowing to not listen to it. The struggle is real, by the way. The struggle is real. What you have to focus on is what you know to be the truth. And I hope that these other girls are listening to this conversation, because I've been standing at this table for 100 years, and it comes up every single time. What are your musings on that, Kandy? I love it. [all laugh] I don't know what the hell I just said, but Miss Thing is over here gagging her life. That's fine with me. Let her laugh. Thanks, ladies. Thanks, mother darling. All right, Gottmik and Utica. Here I come! Oh, so you gonna bring two little scraps. [all laugh] I mean, gorg. What do you think I'm wearing? So tell me about your ball extravaganza. Do you know how to sew? I did go to fashion school, so, yeah. Really? Where? Here in Los Angeles? Yeah, I went to FIDM, so I have the basics, but I haven't really practiced in a couple years since then, so... Where does your style aesthetic come from? I'm really inspired by art, and I'm a painter. I'm inspired by shapes and rearranging how, like, the human face should look, and putting things where they shouldn't be, and making it look all distorted and weird. Yeah. Is that, like, a G-string something? No, it's gonna be a little, like, corsetry artistry happening. Okay. It's really showing my body, which I love. My waist is gonna be so smashed. I'm just gonna be feeling it. Well, that sounds fantastic. And now, Utica, tell me about your fashion aesthetic. Weirder than Carol Burnett and Lucille Ball, scarier than Tim Burton, and like a little bit of Alexander McQueen, and all in one big pblblbl. Oh, I love that. You make outfits professionally? I do. I make costumes for fire dancers, aerialists, contortionists. Um... So you use a sewing machine. Oh, yeah. These are actually the same ones I have at home. - You're kidding. - Yeah. Is that a sleeping bag? - It's a sleeping bag. - Uh-huh? I'm really excited. I think it's gonna be cool. It's gonna be a bunch of these different panels and gores, and I want it to be as full and as just delightful as possible. I dig it. - I'm like... - [laughs] Well, I can't wait to see you at the ball. All right, Joey Jay and LaLa Ri. - Hi, there. - Hello! The bags are in the house. Where's your style aesthetic come from? I've always kind of leaned towards, like, edgy, butch queen realness, sort of a little bit lipstick lesbian. - Ooh! - Little whip crack, little explosion, dance mega-mix the house down, boots back, bareback. Sure, and those boots back are scrunch boots, aren't they? Uh, yes. - [laughs] - Yeah, a lot of times. Are you talking about this scrunchy boot? This scrunchy boot the house down? You want me to play the scrunchy boot for you? I'm gonna start you - with an IV bag. - Ooh! I'm very excited about that look. It's gonna be kind of edgy. Medical meets futuristic villain. Well, you had me at medical, so... Perfect. Where does your style aesthetic come from? Originally I was inspired by Beyoncé. Beyoncé. And a little bit of Grace Jones as well. Yeah, I've heard of her. And of course, the girls around Atlanta, the pageant girls. You know, Atlanta's big drag. Oh, when I was there, it was the mecca of drag. Do you think you have this one in the bag? I hope I have this one in the bag. Well, hoping and knowing is two different things. I'm gonna give it the LaLa Ri experience. - Oh, the LaLa Ri experience. - Yes. The LaLa Ri experience, bitch, is en-tergy from... Yes, en-tergy from LaLa Ri. You gonna get a look, you gonna get a performance, you gonna get a moment, you gonna get a feel. You gonna be thinking about it days on after. Like, bitch, that ho made me feel good. All right, kids, I will see you at the ball. All right, thanks. See you then. - Thank you so much. - Thank you. All right, gather round. Gather round, queens. I've got one more thing to tell you. To add opulence to your Miss Moneybags look, you need to accessorize using a fabulous Coach Create bag. And here's creative director Stuart Vevers to explain. Thank you, Ru. For me, style is about self-expression, which is why I came up with Coach Create, a special design-it-yourself experience. For this week's challenge, we've taken one of my favorite designs, the Tabby bag, and sized it for a queen, so you can step onto the runway purse-first. Good luck! [all laugh] Thanks, Stuart. Queens, I'll see you and your Tabby bags at the ball. So good luck, and don't fuck it up. [laughter and applause] The RuPaul experience is out. [all laugh] RuPaul: Coming up... Joey, come here, Miss Thing. I have the biggest crush on Joey Jay. - Is this yours? - Yes. - But Joey's taste level... - I feel good about it. There's still a few things that I need to, like, do. Yeah. [RuPaul laughs, bell dings] [RuPaul laughs] Ball time! It is elimination day, and it is time to get ready for the Bag Ball. I'm looking around the room, and a lot of girls are, like, doing very draggy silhouettes. Mine is definitely more skimpy, fashion-forward vibes, as opposed to, like, drag-drag, which makes me a little bit nervous. But I feel like I'm gonna win. Let's go. - Joey? - Yes, ma'am? Come here, Miss Thing. I don't know if y'all been catching on, but I have the biggest crush on Joey Jay. Any time he's in the werkroom I'm like, mm, hi, Joey. - Is this yours? - Yes, this is mine. But Joey's taste level... I feel like good about it. There's still a few things that I need to, like, do. Yeah. She seems really confident with her look. I'm looking at the costume a little confused as to what the hell I'm looking at. I know it's not, like, the most exciting outfit, but I think that once I can kind of snip the last few things, it's gonna be a clean outfit. Joey, if you wanna quit drag, we can get married, I can win the competition, and I can sustain both of us. Because... [laughs] Oh! So I have a question. What's the tea? So with the whole Black Lives Matter movement going on, has anyone been protesting? Yeah, for sure. When all the marches and protests in New York City were happening, I made sure I was out there protesting. Being an Afro-Latino from the South Bronx, when I see Black people being murdered by police, it just puts so many things into perspective. Fighting for Black lives is very, very important to me. Of course, we all know the George Floyd thing that really, like, sparked all this shit. - Yeah. - And thank God. I mean, like, not since that... It's sad that that had to happen, but I'm happy that people are waking the fuck up, because it's always been there. Being Black and seeing the George Floyd video being played over and over and over again, there's a level of trauma that comes with that shit. So even with corona going on, I felt immediately compelled to be involved in protests here in Los Angeles. Because enough is enough. Things need to change. I don't know if you guys heard about the whole Rayshard Brooks thing that happened in Atlanta that got all of this press. Well, that actually happened, like, two minutes away from my house. - What? - Oh, my God, girl. Like, at the Wendy's that I go to on a daily basis. This situation happened, and it kind of scared me, because I'm, like, that could have been me. - That could have been you. - Easily. You know what I mean? It kind of just really hit me that I could easily be in that drive-thru, and there could be a situation where they pull me over just because I look like I don't belong in that type of car. It's a fear that a lot of Black and Brown people live with. Like, it's not a fucking game or it's not a joke. It's really not. I don't know how it escalated from him saying that he can just walk to somebody's house to him being shot. That's crazy to me, how it went from... ooh... How it went from... Now I'm gonna cry. You can just be a Black person in this world, and you can just get killed for nothing. Like... It's just... it's scary that you could just get killed just because of the color of your skin. Like... The thing about the fight is Black people been fighting to show who they are for years, and it took one incident for others to realize that we all are still one. Oh, yeah. I think that's the most inspiring thing that came out of New York, is, like, to see the support to show up, even during, like, COVID. You may be scared to leave your house, but think about, like, people of color and, like, transgender people who have been scared their whole lives to, like, leave their front door, to, like, walk down the street. Yeah, true. The Black Lives Matter movement is moving, but the trans lives, we losing them left and right. - Yeah. - And it's not being recognized, and it's not being talked about and covered like it should. Statistically, Black trans lives are the most at-risk. - Uh-huh! - Yeah, Olivia. That is true. I think we're headed in the right direction, but I really do think we got a lot more work to be done. We have to understand that we are one, and we fight as one and we fail as one. Well, girls, now we know what to do when we leave this competition. We have to use our voices and do the right thing. - Amen. - Absolutely. So use that platform wisely. And get in some good trouble! [all laugh] Come on! [RuPaul laughs] ♪ Cover girl, put the bass in your walk ♪ ♪ Head to toe, let your whole body talk ♪ And what? Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race. Michelle Visage. Now, if you were a bag, what kind of bag would you be? Well, we're in Hollywood, so I'd be a plastic bag, darling. [laughs] Style superstar Carson Kressley, same question. Oh, Ru, I'd be a teabag. Because you like spilling the tea? Uh... sure. Yeah, we can go with that. [all laugh] And let's welcome back the fabulous Nicole Byer. What kind of bag would you be? Well, Ru, I'd be a body bag, because I got all this body-ody-ody. Hey! This week, we challenged our queens to serve three looks each to the Bag Ball. Now, that's 36 looks. Look, Ma. I can do math! Just don't tell the IRS. Racers, start your engines, and may the best drag queen win! RuPaul: Coming up... Ooh, that is one long intestine! Looks like she got rear-ended. Lucky her. [all laugh] [RuPaul laughs, bell dings] [RuPaul laughs] Let the Bag Ball begin. First category is Mixed Bag. First up, Denali, giving you Airbag. Michelle: What a dummy! Denali: Beep-beep, mother fuckers, 'cause I'm coming through. I'm a sickening Mugler, Gaga-esque crash test dummy. Buckle up, bitches. [beep, beep, beep] RuPaul: Looks like she got rear-ended. Carson: Lucky her. RuPaul: Joey Jay, giving you IV Bag. Joey: I'm wearing this rhinestone bodysuit, and on top of that I made this syringe armor. I've got my IV pole, and it's plugged into my veins. RuPaul: Yes, she's walking into the club nurse-first. [all laugh] Nicole: Oh, and that poison ivy got her ass all swollen. [laughs] RuPaul: LaLa Ri, giving you Bag of Bones. Carson: What a large sack! [all laugh] Lala: I am giving you Voodoo realness, honey. So the bottom of the dress is like a burlap sack, and the bones are coming up out of the bag. I've taken the souls of these men and put their bones all over my body, darling. Carson: I think I can see her coccyx. [RuPaul laughs] RuPaul: Femur? I hardly knew her! Elliott With 2 Ts, giving you Giftbag. Michelle: Ooh, girl, she got receipts. [all laugh] Elliott: I'm giving you dollar store, cheap gift bag, ready to be regifted, honey, and once I hit the end of the runway, bam, my clutch is the name tag. Girl, go ahead and unwrap me. RuPaul: Off to the gifting suite. Tamisha Iman, That Old Bag. Carson: Tamisha Boniva Iman. Tamisha: My ensemble is Tamisha Iman, 60 years in the game. My hair done turned grey, I still got on my suit that I made 30 years ago, and then I'm trying to smile, but I just remembered I didn't put my teeth in. RuPaul: She is living! Assisted living. Symone, giving you Fun Bags. Nicole: Oh, I didn't know old Michelle came in Black! [all laugh] Symone: I'm wearing this velvet dress covered in sequins, coming down to the ground, honey. Feathered at the bottom, with the biggest titties you ever did see. Of course this is a Diana Ross reference, but with a little bit of a twist to it. RuPaul: It's RuPaul's Breast Friend Race. [pop, pop] Oh! Carson: Thanks for the mammaries. [all laugh] RuPaul: Olivia Lux, Punching Bag. Michelle: What a knockout! Olivia: I'm serving ginger, Laila Ali-inspired boxer couture. I'm hyping myself up, okay? We are about to fight. Ding-ding-ding! RuPaul: Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. Carson: Or Chlamydia. [all laugh] RuPaul: Gottmik, Bodybag. Nicole: Ooh, that is one long intestine! [all laugh] Gottmik: I'm giving you autopsy of Jane Ho, and I'm showing you all that I'm just as glamorous on the inside as I am on the outside. RuPaul: Now, it really took guts to pull this off. Rosé, Bagpipes. Michelle: Is that a pipe in your kilt or are you just happy to see me? Rosé: I'm giving a nod to my Scottish upbringing, and I'm also in plaid as a wee, lovely, slutty Scottish girl who just got back from her bagpipe rehearsal and is really feeling like her pussy's on fire because she's actually a ginger. Michelle: You like your queens pipin' hot? Carson: Oh, blow me. [all laugh] RuPaul: Tina Burner, Brown Baggin' It. Nicole: Ooh! So that's who was going through my trash last night. Tina: I am serving girl on the go. When I say that, I mean I got the liquor, and I'm ready to go. I am dressed as a mother fucking paper bag. I am wasted with perfection. Nicole: You know what they say: recycle, reuse, and be a slut. [all laugh] RuPaul: Kandy Muse, Bag of Tricks. Michelle: Look at all that wood. RuPaul: Oh, she knows how to handle a pole. Kandy: Bitch, I'm a sex magician. Boom, bitch. I'm pulling out a wooden stick out of my magic bag. Mm, it's so long, ooh! This garment is very form-fitting, tight to the body, latex and vinyl. Ooh, bitch, I'm hot. RuPaul: Honey, she put the "ho" in "hocus-pocus." [all laugh] Michelle: Oh, there it is. RuPaul: Now you see her, now you don't. Utica, Doggie Bag. Michelle: What a dog. Utica: I am a beautiful French poodle, and I am just wiggling my nose. I am panting, I am marking my territory. Please curb your dog. She's rocking these poodle poufs, but she's got a couple fleas. And I am just hungry to show the judges who this scratchy little bitch is. Carson: Rumor has it she has a huge schnoodle. [all laugh] RuPaul: Coming up... Carson: All she sees is dollar signs. [all laugh] RuPaul: Ladies and gentlemen, Ms. Patti Lapel. Michelle: You are so bad! [RuPaul laughs, bell dings] [RuPaul laughs] RuPaul: Welcome back to the Bag Ball. Category is Miss Moneybags. Up first, Denali. Carson: Fingernailed it. Denali: I am serving you a Cruella de Vil-inspired, editor-in-chief of a fashion company. And she has got this big custom bag, and this bitch-ass long nail that is holding her cigarette. Nicole: She's smokin'! [all laugh] RuPaul: Joey Jay. I spy with my working eye... [all laugh] Joey: I'm giving you Annie Lennox meets El Driver fromKill Bill. Signature Joey Jay hair, and, bitch, you can't come for me because I see you even though I only got one eye. Carson: Oh, let me get her number. Uh, 01000110111. Oh, that must be in Sweden! [all laugh] RuPaul: LaLa Ri. Michelle: Ladies and gentlemen, Mrs. Clean. [all laugh] Lala: I love a female that is not afraid to be bald. So I went for, like, this Black bitch from Africa. Like, bitch, she makes sure you on time. You in your area. Bitch, she look over at you. That's not right. Boom. Nicole: Sex in the City, Bald in the Jungle. [all laugh] RuPaul: Elliott With 2 Ts. Carson: Representing the accounting firm of Bottoms and Bottoms. Elliott: I have chosen this super-structured, over-the-top blazer with matching pencil skirt. I feel like Rose Nylund at 26 years old. She is the CEO of a lending library, just ready to read everyone. Carson: Al and I built Coach. [all laugh] RuPaul: Tamisha Iman. Michelle: Green means money. Tamisha: So I'm walking down the runway, I'm representing straight ATL, the glamorous aspect of Atlanta. We got the nice, big purse, the hair's on fleek. I have on my feathers, because we have to have a peacock. That means you're rich. She's one ol' classy, sassy lady. Carson: Oh, yes, we lepre-can. RuPaul: Symone. Ladies and gentlemen, Miss Patti Lapel. Michelle: Oh, you are so bad! Symone: I am serving you futuristic businesswoman lady. I decided to wear this pink reflective material. Big ol' collar. VeryFifth Element, darling. Carson: I "kneed" this look. Michelle: Listen, those pants would have come in handy for me many years ago. RuPaul: Olivia Lux. Nicole: She's cape-tivating. Olivia: Can anybody say "coffee break?" I'm showing the judges that although I'm a powerhouse executive, I can still be cute with a little cape and show them a little ooh-ooh. Michelle: Okay, guys, suit or boots? [all laugh] Gottmik. Oh, my Gottmik. Gottmik: I'm serving you boss bitch boss. I'm a Generation Z CEO, girl. I have a fully Swarovski pinstriped suit with one bra side out. This is what you're gonna see when you walk into my meeting at my company. Nicole: Ahh, that's what I aspire to be: Black and dripping in diamonds. Yes! Wow. Michelle: And if she thinks I ain't gonna jump her in the parking lot for that suit, she is wrong. RuPaul: Rosé. She means business, big business. Rosé: Baby, I'm giving you eighties down. From the triangular hair to the red lip, and we've got this beautiful Balmain-inspired silhouette. This look is a direct nod to the movieBig Business, one of my favorite Bette Midler roles, and I'm feeling completely expensive. Michelle: Bette on it. [all laugh] RuPaul: Tinta Burnter. Carson: Sparkle, Tina, sparkle! Tina: I'm long in the tooth today, honey, because I am serving houndstooth Miranda Beastly. My houndstooth is stoned to a T, and you best believe I own 100% of this company. RuPaul: Is this the houndstooth fairy? Nicole: Houndstooth? More like hounds-cute. RuPaul: Kandy Muse. Bank rolls? Kandy: Bam, bitch, I'm a CE-Ho. She used to work the corners, but now she owns the corners. My hairpiece and my little blunt in my hand are made outta money, bitch. Carson: All she sees is dollar signs. [all laugh] Let's get down to business. You know, fucking. [all laugh] RuPaul: Attica? Utica? Carson: Look at them knockers! Utica: This outfit is inspired by Carol Burnett and the musicalChicago. So I'm giving you this executive black, fitted suit, all custom jewelry that I made, and I'm 24-karat gold from my head to my feet. [all laugh] RuPaul: Clearly, her company has fringe benefits. Yes, complete with a 401-hey. ♪ Bring back my girls ♪ Final category is Gag Us With Your Bagus. 100% bag drag. Up first, Denali. Michelle: Hey there, sugar skull. Denali: I am serving you a fashionable twist on a traditional Mexican garment. I have used probably 10 of these floral print purses. I'm living for this trellis of flowers that frames my Dia de los Muertos face. I love that I get to celebrate my Mexican heritage. I am so orgullosa de este... vestido. Carson: I'm dead, D-E-Day of the Dead-dead. [all laugh] RuPaul: Joey Jay. Michelle: Tuile of fortune. Carson: Pinwheel of fortune. Joey: I'm giving you Madonna meets Lady Gaga meets Minnie Mouse. I have created this look out of black and white polka dot canvas bags, black net bags, and some black sequin bags. I've got my high pony. I'm feeling sexy, and I think it's adorable. Michelle: Oh, whoa, you betta don't! [all laugh] RuPaul: LaLa Ri. Carson: She got this at Sacks. [all laugh] Lala: Bitch, I'm serving you pink and purple rock star realness. I've added the purse on my head because I want them to focus on, like, the head, and they kind of look past the construction of the actual outfit. And it gives me, like, this whole Grace Jones vibe. Like, bitch, I am working it. Michelle: She's what they call a bag lady. ♪ Bring back my girls ♪ RuPaul: Elliott With 2 Ts. Michelle: Pink cow stunning. Elliott: You cannot even clock that this was a beanbag chair. It is so well made. I look like I ain't got no time for nobody. I am having drinks with the girls on the Las Vegas Strip, and, honey, I look sickening. Carson: I'm really very moo-ved. [all laugh] RuPaul: Tamisha Iman. Nicole: It's like Rosie the Robot, but slutty. Tamisha: Walking down the runway, I'm feeling confident in what I created. It has a nice silhouette. I'm catching the glints with these shoulders. They are sparkling. My skirt is sparkling under the lights. I know I'm looking good, you know I'm looking good, everybody know I'm looking good. [laughs] Carson: That is $500 worth of dime-baggies up in here. [all laugh] RuPaul: Symone. Michelle: Ahoy! Symone: It's a sunny day in California, and, bitch, I'm going to the beach. I have this red and white two piece ensemble. A little miniskirt showing almost too much. She's trying to find a man, honey. She sees these bitches at the beach, and she's like, oh, no, all these cute boys is for me. Michelle: Touch this melanin, honey. Touch all of this melanin! RuPaul: Beach, please! ♪ Bring back my girls ♪ RuPaul: Olivia Lux. Nicole: Those are the tiniest handcuffs I've ever seen. Olivia: I decided to use holographic bags all on my shoulders, coming all the way down to my wrists. I'm giving you that gladiator Athena goddess that just stepped foot on Earth and is ready to serve it for the children. Michelle: Take that, Chromatica! RuPaul: Gottmik. Michelle: She is a strapping young queen! Gottmik: I'm giving you very Joan Jett, veryMatrix. Everything is this silver-black, futuristic fantasy moment. I have straps from a backpack on one shoulder, and then I sewed together all of these drawstring bags down my leg, so it looks like this weird, one-legged chap situation. And I'm living. Carson: Oh, it's a punk Joyce DeWitt! RuPaul: Rosé. Carson: Takes a lotta balls to wear a look like this. Rosé: I've created this futuristic femmebot fatale look. I look like an alien goddess warrior from another planet, and I've come to Earth to wear purses as couture. And if I'm a super-shero from the future, my superpower is dizziness, because, baby, we are spinning out of control. Nicole: Bye-bye, blue balls, hello, silver balls. [all laugh] RuPaul: Tina Burner. Michelle: All right, that's it, you're suspended. [all laugh] Tina: Bitch, I have taken a mother fucking beanbag and made a fucking dress. I got some suspenders on. Of course my signature colors, red and yellow. I know you wanna sit on this beanbag. Aow! RuPaul: It's Rhonda McDonald! [all laugh] Over one billion served. Kandy Muse. Michelle: Ooh, what does she have in her Trapper-Keeper? Carson: Mm, trapper keep-her. [all laugh] Kandy: I'm a naughty schoolgirl, bitch. I've chosen to go with bookbags and cut them up and make it into a skirt, and make a really cute bra. It is bright, it's colorful, it's first day of school realness. Bitch, fight me, and I'll take your lunch money. Michelle: Meet me at the flagpole at 3:00. Carson: Crrrrck. RuPaul: Syracuse, Schenectady, Utica. Ooh. RuPaul: What's your sleep number, Michelle? Michelle: Nine. I like it hard. [all laugh] Utica: I am so campy. I am walking down the runway as a sleeping bag couture and serving this ethereal starlet. I got these puffy sleeves, a fitted waist. I see the judges' eyes light up, and they are loving this garment. Michelle: Kumbayahhh. Nicole: Good night, Sun. Good night, Moon. Good night, Drag Queen! [all laugh] RuPaul: Coming up... Your mixed bag look, stunning. This is frightening, and I'm entertained. It was more like a campy nod versus drag. [RuPaul laughs, bell dings] [RuPaul laughs] Welcome, queens. Based on your 36 Bag Ball looks, I've made some decisions. When I call your name, please step forward. Denali. Elliott With 2 Ts. Symone. Olivia Lux. Tina Burner. Kandy Muse. Ladies, you are safe. You may leave the stage. Ladies, you represent the tops and the bottoms of the week. Now it's time for the judges' critiques, starting with Joey Jay. I do wanna compliment you, first and foremost. You incorporated the Joey Jay signature natural hair, which I wasn't mad at. But it was fun to see you in different hairdos. With that said, here on the runway I can tell by looking at this you're not the sewer. Maybe more of a gluer? - [tongue pop] You know it. - That sound right? So the construction is not the best, but I've definitely seen worse. Your first look, which was, I guess, Poison Ivy... - Was that the idea? - IV bag. Right, but didn't you have poison ivy, and the IV bag is an IV? - Yes, yes. - Okay. So it was poison ivy? No, it was just ivy, it wasn't poison ivy. - Get it? IV bag. - No, I know. I just thought that was the joke, that it was, like, poison IV. I was going for IV bag. Okay, we gotta let it go. Yeah, I'm gonna stop now. I'm overthinking. I liked the touch of floral. I wish it was poison IV and had more of a story. I thought it was poison IV bag. I thought it was, like, two puns in one. You know, like a two-for-one? So next time someone goes, "Ooh, was it a two-for-one?" Just say yes. You know, just lie. Yes! Up next, LaLa Ri. Your Mixed Bag look, I wish maybe you'd used the bones to create more of a pattern, just to give us a little bit more than that haphazard bones thrown on. - Okay. - Your Moneybags look, with that great multicolored cheetah print, that was really fun. And it allowed us to really see that clutch. It's called "featuring the merchandise," I believe. This look, stunning, all of this. We get down to the dress. Yeah, it's some bags that were glued onto a bodysuit. - Yeah, that's not gonna work. - Yeah. How come you didn't cut up them bags or do something? Well, originally I was making this into, like, a dress with just the bags. - Mm-hmm. - And then I ran out of bags, so I started gluing it onto the corset. But why not cut it or do something so they're not just literal bags glued to you? - Yeah. - Okay? So if something doesn't work, you've gotta have a plan B. Up next, Tamisha Iman. Yes, ma'am. Your old bag of bones I could relate to. I hope that that's me, you know, yeah, in the future. - It is. - Hey, not now! Calm down! But with that said, I think you focused more on the character than more about the drag in that. And then your Moneybags look, it was just, like, a nice business lady. I was like, oh, okay, she gonna fire somebody today. It was too much like real life, and I missed the theatricalness of it. This look, it's texture for days. I love that you used oversized sequins, and you used the silk jewelry bags. But sometimes when you get these challenges to make something out of a bunch of stuff, you think more is more. I think if you got rid of the cuffs and you got rid of or downsized that choker, just want this lightened up. And one thing I do wanna say is that your makeup sometimes comes across a little not blended enough. So I'm gonna recommend to you that you talk to some of the makeup queens and get a little info. But you are a joy, and I appreciate what you did tonight. Thank you very much. Up next, Gottmik. You should change your name to Gottaste, because you have a really good taste level that transcended all three of the looks. The body bag that was that autopsy moment, it was gruesome, but kind of fashionable all at the same time. It was like you were a literal dead person, cut open, walking at me. I was like, this is frightening, and I'm entertained. Your Moneybags look, like, I can't even breathe. That is a moment. Thank you. It is remarkable. And all the details that went with it, unbelievable. And then this look, it's edited, I love the silhouette, it's edgy and cool and like a modern Joan Jett rocker thing. Yes! Gottmik actually went to fashion school. - Oh, well, there you go. - I did. - So do you know how to sew-sew? - I do. That gets me even more excited to see what you are gonna bring me, because now that I know you went to fashion school, she's gonna challenge you a little bit more. Maybe I didn't go, then. [all laugh] Rosé. I'm gonna start with your nod to your Scottish heritage. I didn't realize you were from Scotland. Yep, I was born in Greenock, which is a wee town near Glasgow. That look kilt it. [laughs] The silhouette was perfect, the tailoring was perfect, the details were perfect. Your Moneybags moment was a nod to the great Bette Midler. Bette Midler in Big Business. And I thought it was the simplest out of yours, and it was more like a campy nod tribute versus, like, drag. And then this I think is stunning. Did you cut the bags in half, the ones that are on the skirt? Yeah, I cut them in half and then I half-sewed and half-glued it all back together. It had movement, as well, so when you did those turns, those bags kind of flew out into the air like an amusement park ride. That's a great drag look, when it's fun and it has that sense of whimsy and it makes us smile, but it's still chic. - Thank you. - Next up, Utica. Hello! One thing I like to pride myself on is say when I'm wr... Wrong. [all laugh] Doesn't come easily. But I think in the beginning I pegged you as, oh, she's the weird, quirky queen. She's gonna just do weird shit just to do it. But you have continuously upped the fashion, and I think tonight was no exception. Starting with your Mixed Bag, it was just all really chic. And then you gave us that great variety in your Moneybags look. I loved the giant, oversized earring detail. It was just really well executed. And then you came out in this, and my mind was kind of blown. Sleeping bags are not an easy medium to work with, and you've made it look flattering. The cowl neck with the zipper, it's just all so enticing. Thank you. Thank you, ladies. I think we've heard enough. While you untuck in the werkroom, the judges and I will deliberate. Okay, just between us squirrel friends, I think we've seen one of the best looks in Drag Raceherstory and one of the worst looks. [all laugh] Let's start with Joey Jay. The first look, the IV bag, Joey didn't even realize the poison IV was the joke. And then the second look, I thought was just, like, okay, it's a blazer, some leggings, we got some pumps. But what else? It was like Chico's formal, you know? Yes, yes. And the third look, I thought it was fun. Did I think it was, you know, mind-blowing? No, but I appreciated that there was hair. [all laugh] LaLa Ri. The Moneybags look was one of my favorites. Her attitude and her radiance and how she presents was so lovely to watch. Now, this look tonight, y'all, absolutely no. No. That face, beautiful! That lip, gorgeous! That outfit, burn it. [all laugh] Tamisha Iman. Tamisha has that kind of presence, and she's got the experience, and it showed in her acting when she came out and did her "that old bag." She was really selling it, but it wasn't, like, a great razzle-dazzle drag moment. Her Moneybags was my least favorite. For a girl who can sew her butt off, it looked kinda off-the-rack. Her final look, to me, kind of says who she is. The way she did the bodice and the breast part was not easily done. I just think she overdid it, that's all. - Yes. - Gottmik. She started out with her dead-on-arrival autopsy look, which I loved so much that I was begging for more. The second look, stunning. My God. I mean, you wanna talk about texture? I could stare at that all night, it was so beautiful. She really got that challenge. We want opulence with Moneybags. I don't need Mildred Pierce, I need today's Alexis Carrington Colby Blake Dexter Dexter Carrington Blake Dexter Colby. [all laugh] That what I need. And then she came out here in this deconstructed, one-legged outfit, and I lived. It was so punk rock, really, but yet so chic and fashion. Like, I could see this on a runway. All right, Rosé. That first Scottish look was so well done. It had a sense of humor, it was crafted beautifully, it was on-brand. And then the second look, I missed the tongue-in-cheek and the fun. Maybe the hair was big, I don't know. Just go bigger with it. Absolutely agree with that. Tonight in the final look, I really enjoyed this. I thought it was fun. There were different shades of metallic in the ball skirt. She knows how to edit, she didn't have anything that she didn't need, but she had everything that she needed. Utica. She came out with her first doggie bag look. It was so chic, it was so French, it was so fashion. That second look, with the short, Thoroughly Modern Millie bob in brown... Thoroughly Modern Billy-Bob Brown! [all laugh] And that look with the sleeping bags. My goodness! This girl is intuitive about her fashion. That I would see on any runway anywhere, and people would go crazy for it. My only critique is on the first two presentations, you know, she camps it up a bit, and I think it kind of takes away from how fabulous those outfits were. But, boy, you cannot take away from the craftsmanship there. And I'm like, "You made this in the same time that LaLa glued bags to herself?" [all laugh] That's incredible! Silence! I've made my decision. Bring back my girls. [RuPaul laughs, bell dings] [RuPaul laughs] Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Utica Queen. Gottmik. Tonight, you each served three iconic looks, but one of you truly gagged us with your bagus. Gottmik, con-drag-ulations. You are the winner of this week's challenge. Oh, my God! You've won a cash tip of $5,000. Thank you! I won the ball challenge, bitch! I'm done. Utica, outstanding work this week. You all may join the other girls. Rosé, great Scot. You kilt it again this week. - You are safe. - Thank you, Ru. LaLa Ri, your final look was epic, as in epic fail. I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. Joey Jay, we wanted to see more. Tamisha Iman, we wanted to see less. Joey Jay, I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. Tamisha, you are safe. Thank you. I know how LaLa lip syncs, and I know she's about to let me have it. But I'm a gay-ass bitch. I'm Joey Jay. Like, bitch, I'm not going home today. Two queens stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come... [thunder] for you to lip sync... [echoing] for your life! I may be the loser by my look, but one thing I'm not the loser by is me as an entertainer when I need to entertain. Bitch, this is the moment that I'm about to give you the LaLa Ri experience. Good luck, and don't fuck it up. [music plays] - Yeah! - Yes, bitch! ♪ First things first, I'm the realest ♪ ♪ Drop this and let the whole world feel it ♪ ♪ And I'm still in the murder business ♪ ♪ I can hold you down ♪ ♪ Like I'm givin' lessons in physics ♪ ♪ You should want a bad bitch like this ♪ ♪ Drop it low and pick it up just like this ♪ ♪ Cup of Ace, cup of Goose, cup of Cris ♪ ♪ High heels, somethin' worth a half a ticket on my wrist ♪ ♪ On my wrist. Takin' all the liquor ♪ ♪ Straight, never chase that ♪ ♪ Rooftop, like we bringin' '88 back ♪ ♪ Bring the hooks in, where the bass at ♪ ♪ Champagne spillin', you should taste that ♪ ♪ I said, baby, I do this ♪ ♪ I thought that you knew this ♪ ♪ Can't stand no haters and honest, the truth is ♪ ♪ And my flow, they speak it, depart it ♪ ♪ Swagger on super, I can't shop at no department ♪ ♪ Better get my money on time, if they not money, decline ♪ ♪ I just can't worry 'bout no haters ♪ ♪ Gotta stay on my grind ♪ ♪ Now tell me who that, who that? ♪ ♪ That do that, do that? ♪ ♪ Put that paper over all ♪ ♪ I thought you knew that, knew that ♪ ♪ I be that I-G-G-Y, put my name in bold ♪ ♪ I been working, I'm up in here ♪ ♪ With some change to throw ♪ ♪ I'm so fancy ♪ ♪ You already know ♪ ♪ I'm in the fast lane ♪ ♪ From L.A. to Tokyo ♪ ♪ I'm so fancy ♪ ♪ Can't you taste this gold? ♪ ♪ Remember my name, 'bout to blow ♪ [cheering] ♪ Still stunting, how you love that? ♪ ♪ Got the whole world asking how I does that ♪ ♪ Just the way you like it, huh ♪ ♪ You're so good, he's just wishing he could bite it, huh ♪ ♪ Never turn down money ♪ ♪ Slaying these hoes, gold trigger on the gun, like ♪ ♪ I'm so fancy ♪ ♪ Can't you taste this gold? ♪ ♪ Remember my name ♪ ♪ 'Bout to blow ♪ ♪ Who that, who that, I-G-G-Y ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪ [cheers and applause] Ladies, I've made my decision. LaLa Ri, shantay you stay. [applause] Thank you. You better step your pussy up, girl. I will. I promise you. You may join the other girls. Joey Jay, you've only just begun to slay. Now sashay away. Mwah. [applause] ♪ I'm a gay-ass bitch, I'm Joey Jay ♪ ♪ I belong here, bitch, I came to slay ♪ [cheering] I am disappointed, but I have no regrets. And bitch, I look so good, so... till next time. Con-drag-ulations, ladies. And remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an "amen" up in here? - Amen! - Amen! All right, now let the music play! ♪ I'm a winner ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ I'm a winner ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ RuPaul: Next time onRuPaul's Drag Race... You'll be making a dancing documentary about disco, baby. One, two, three. Pas de bourree, pas de bourree. Aah! What the hell? Your performance was out of this world. You killed that shit. What the fuck is going on here? Don't look my way, I won't look your way. Don't speak to me, I won't speak to you. I don't need you to tell me that. I'm a grown-ass woman. For everyone else that has something to say about me... ♪ I'm a winner ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ I'm a winner ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ I'm a winner ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ I'm a winner ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ Losers, weepers ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ Finders, keepers ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ Losers, weepers ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 