RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 8, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 RuPaul's Drag Race 
 s8e5 - Supermodel Snatch Game - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 RuPaul's Drag Race (2009–…): Season 8, Episode 5 - Supermodel Snatch Game - full transcript 
 The queens impersonate celebrities in a quick-witted TV game show, and dress in iconic Madonna looks for the runway. With supermodel guest judges Gigi Hadid and Chanel Iman. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "RuPaul's Drag Race"... Hey, get it, gurl. Form your own New Wave bands. Totally tubular. Our costumes should be cardboard cutout geometric shapes. Yeah, no. All T, no shapes. Hot and saucy!  Eww. Rectangle girls of the world  
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm every girl, in a circle I run  Well... In terms of the outfits in your group, were you in charge of that? It was a group challenge. Well, Chi Chi's shaking her head. The thing Thorgy had on her head. That's what I wanted to wear. Sorry, girl. I'm not gonna be in a cardboard box. Nobody puts Derrick in a box. Condragulations. You are the winner of this week's challenge. Yes! Snatched it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Chi Chi DeVayne. Shantay, you stay. Naysha Lopez. Sashay, away. And there she goes again. Ugh. Ooh, Chi Chi. Oh, Lord. How do you feel, Chi Chi? Tonight there was a lot of drama on the runway. I ain't gonna be in no bottom again. I apologize, Derrick. If I'm feelin' some kind of way, I completely shut down. Mm-hmm. And I have to change that. I mean, it's just me being a bitch. I'm sorry. Well, at least she's an apologetic bitch. Well, this is my second week in the bottom three. I am so happy to still be here. I was in shock that it was not you lip-syncing. It was Naysha. But Chris and Debbie thought I stood out. Chris was like, "I think you could impersonate Debbie. And we'll take you out on tour." They may have been on drugs. I want a drug test. Yeah, I didn't hear you get that. But-- I did get told that my performance was phenomenal. Which you didn't get told. All right. Derrick, I think you just missed the point, but it's not a big deal. Okay. Well, I don't know if there was a point. It's just Bob talking is your point all the time. But you'll do, like, side shady comments, and it's funny, but when I do side shady comments, it's like, over. No. No, but what you-- Anyone else see this? Am I on Lonely Island? Am I on Staten Island or am I living in Manhattan right now? You're right. Thank you. Ooh, she got a attitude. I don't see that I do that. I can't wait till you do it again. It'll be, like, five minutes. This kind of shade we haven't seen in a long time. Damn. The two of you, honey. That is a pot boiling. Derrick's, like, "I ain't never make jokes about anyone ever." Hey, Bob. If I want to do ratchet drag next week, can you give me any tips? Ooh hoo hoo! If you want to do, like, memorable drag next week, I can give you some tips. So all I need to do is not wear a wig and I'll be told by the judges that I'm pretty. Babe. Didn't I remind you guys? I said, "In about five minutes, she'd make a shady comment out of nowhere"? And I did. What I said wasn't meant to hurt your feelings. You're trying to be spiteful. You see the difference? Your intentions weren't to hurt me? No, they weren't to hurt. If I wanted to hurt you, you'd be cryin' right now, bitch. I will never cry over you at all. Don't give me a challenge. I work on the strip with really big drag personalities. So if you think you're gonna come for me, I am not that innocent. I'm glad they revved up, because the games have just begun. Yes, honey, 'cause tonight it's the Snatch Game, supermodel edition. $100,000. With extra special guest supermodels Chanel Iman and Gigi Hadid! How do I look? Looking good, feeling snatched. We're Les Chicken Wings. You know what I love about this process? I'm becoming, like, a morning person. I'm up at, like, 6:00, and I'm like, "It's 6:00!" Rise and shine, honey. All day person. Yeah. You're like, "It's mornin', evenin', and night! Yeah! Yeah!" Whoo! I'm boisterous. I'm excited to be here. I'm on my favorite fucking TV show. And that bothers some people. Sorry, girl. Sorry, not sorry. Whoo, girl. She done already done had herses. Carol Channing, Brittany G. Whoo! On a game show with a bunch of queens. Judge Judy, Maggie too... Yes! Little Richard, we love you. Drag queens with an aptitude for thinking fast and being crude. Don't just stand there. Let's get to it! Make me laugh. There's nothing to it. Bang, bang, bang, bang. Okay, that was a whole bunch of clues as to what's coming up. Oh, this show is deep. Wow. Ladies. For this week's maxi challenge, we're going to break out of the studio as we drive along the Hollywood freeway looking for fresh roadkill. Then, back in the workroom, you'll need to transform the furry little pelts into evening gowns that scream "#CritterCouture." Come on! It'll be fun. Hell, who am I kiddin'? It's time to play the Snatch Game. Well, it is season eight. And with this show, you never know. So no roadkill? Not even for a mini challenge? Impersonate a celebrity, fill in the blanks, and stake your claim as a front-runner in this competition. Gentlemen, start your engines. And may the best woman win. Who you doin', baby? I was gonna do Nancy Grace. Which is brilliant by the way. Yeah, I think it's funny. Because she's so, so funny. Over the top. Oh, she's the craziest. Right. And just have outrage at every--everything. Every corner. I'm impersonating Nancy Grace, herself, because she seems like a major bitch, and I can relate to that. Not me. I'm doing Diana Vreeland. Who? She was the first editor in chief of "Vogue" in the '60s. Oh. Do you think that's a hair obscure? I love Diana Vreeland. Fake it. Look her up. Months. Jinkx Monsoon and BenDeLaCreme, my Seattle sister wives, won Snatch Game each year that they were on. So there's a lot of pressure on me to be great. What character are you doing? Well, I was going to do Whoopi Goldberg. "The Color Purple" is, like, one of my favorite movies. And it's so quotable. Everyone knows "The Color Purple." Harpo, who this woman? Since I found out I was gonna be on the show. And I cannot wait to be able to prove that I am a performer. I'm not just a runway queen. Who are you doing? I'm torn between Whoopi Goldberg, Uzo Aduba, who is an actress on, um, "Orange Is The New Black"... Oh, yeah. And my last choice is probably my favorite, but I look the least like her, is Carol Channing. Why would you do--well. I know some folks are gonna question why is a 6'2" black man doing Carol Channing, but it's because I feel a connection with Carol Channing. I really do. Aww, such a nice kid. Miss Celie? You really do look like Miss Celie. I sure is ugly. I want to show you how much I look like Whoopi Goldberg. So Bob basically has, like, ten characters that he could possibly do. All the sudden, he's got the "Sister Act" outfit on. He is, like, really giving that Whoopi look. I think that if you hit a man, a man has the right to knock you out. You don't want to get hit by a man, don't go around hittin' people. That's all I'm sayin'. Sister Mary Clarence never said that. I'm realizing, "Oh, shit. I might be out of my league here." So I'm gonna have to go with my plan B backup. Aww. Whoopi. Excited for Snatch Game, that he's changed his character, like, 90 times. I think these are the moves you got to do to be Uzo Aduba. But the brightest bulbs have a way of dimming suddenly or just going out. Coming up... You've got to stay in character, and you've got to make me laugh. Hello, RuPaul. I am here. My Shocantelle you that I do have a penis. Yeah. Ouch. Be right back. Welcome back. Today's challenge-- Ding! Ding! Ding! Is gonna be Snatch Game. It's a celebrity impersonation, so you have to make people laugh. So I'm gonna be busier than a one-legged cat in a sandbox. Me-ow! Hey, celebrities. Hey! Are you ready to snatch my attention? Hi, Chi Chi. Mama Ru. Who are you doing? I'm doin' Eartha Kitt. Uh-huh. How are you gonna make Eartha funny? Um, I know that she played Catwoman and I have two cats at home. Winner! Well, that--there it is! You've got two cats at home. To play Snatch Game, you've got to stay in character, and you've got to make me laugh. Yeah. All right. See you out there. All right. Thank you. Hi, Kim Chi. Have you decided on what character you're gonna portray? Um, there's two characters I'm debating between. First one is...Pearl. I bet you didn't see that one coming. Is there something on my face? Okay, she might have just won this one already. I started doing drag with Pearl, who was on season 7, so I know her quirks really well. Right. Right. And who's your other character? The other one is kind of obscure. Uh-huh. Kimmy Jong-un, maybe. Who? Kimmy? Kimmy, yeah. Kimmy Jong-un is a huge risk, but if I turn the North Korean dictator into a drag version of him, it would be a chance for me to show another side of Kim Chi that's a little fucked up. I like where this is going. So a villainous evil dictator or Pearl? Kimmy Jong-what? A made-up character, my friend. I really hope that lands her in the bottom. Mean, girl. Hey, Derrick  Hey, Ru Are you gonna do Britney? It's an obvious choice. But this is my chance to show everyone that I'm more than just a Britney impersonator. Uh-huh. And so I think I'm gonna go with Laura Bell Bundy's character. Yes, she's the country singer Broadway star. Right. And she made up all these characters, and Shocantelle is my favorite one. Uh-huh. She is a black girl trapped in a white girl's body. Girl, what? Can I see a little bit of your Laura Bell Bundy character? Hello, RuPaul. I am here. My Shocantelle you that I do have a penis. You know, sometimes the most obvious thing is the thing to do. You just have to decide where you want to go. Stakes are high. There's $100,000 on the line. Yeah, that's true. All right, Derrick. Thank you, Ru. Bye. Bye. I really should have become a diplomat. You're welcome. Thorgy Thor. That's me. Wait a minute, let me see. I'm getting, uh, Charles Manson. No. No? Uh, I'm doing Michael Jackson. How are you gonna make Michael Jackson funny? His little quirks. His little movements that I have down. Yeah. Who's your biggest competition here? You know, I'm gonna say Bob. You know, what you're asking us to do in this season, Bob is really excelling at, which is pissing me off. Officially. Well, let me tell you this, Thorgy. And this might help you. You second-guess and you take it into your head. Constantly. This is an opportunity for you to feel confident going with your gut and not overthinking things. Yeah. All right, Thorgy. I'll see you out there. Okay. Shamone. I'm bad. You know it. Ah-hee! Gather round. Tomorrow on the runway, the category is "Night of 100 Madonnas." Ahh! My God! It's finally happening! Wait to see what everybody comes up with. It's gonna be amazing. So express yourself, 'cause it's a celebration. So don't fuck it up. Holiday. Bye. Bye, Ru. Don't go for second best, baby. Oh, look. Welcome to Snatch Game! Let's meet our supermodel contestants. "Vogue" cover girl Chanel Iman. Hey. And "Sports Illustrated" bombshell Gigi Hadid. Hi, Ru. Hi, darling. I'm so excited. Are you ready to meet our stars? We are. Yes. First up, the king of pop, Michael Jackson. That Thorgy is so off-the-wall. You say that like it's a bad thing. The king of pop is here. Next, we have the sister of the supreme leader of North Korea, Kimmy Jong-un. Anyoung haseyo. Oh, my goodness. I just know my emails are gonna get hacked after this show airs. You know what I mean? Next up, television host and former prosecutor, Nancy Grace is here. Hello, Nancy. You know, I'm worried about the children, RuPaul. There's reefer smokers influencing them every day. All right. All right. Outlook not so good. Legendary "Vogue" fashion editor, Diana Vreeland. RuPaul! What's in this season, Diana? How the hell should I know? Up next, reality superstar, Tiffany "New York" Pollard. New York is in the mutha-fucking house. Up next, Eartha Kitt is here. How are you? You're not wearing any panties, are you? Who wears panties? What are those? You know, I ask myself the same thing every day. Britney Jean Spears is here. I don't wear panties either. You don't wear panties either? Especially when I get out of cars. It's funny 'cause it's true. All right. From "Orange Is The New Black", Uzo Aduba is here. Don't say anything stupid. Don't say anything stupid. Uh, how you doin', RuPaul? Are you ready to play the game? I'm excited. I don't know why you all gaggin'. She bring it to you every season. Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, Snatch Game. Coming up... I wrote down "weapons of ass destruction." Aww, man, going to commercial already? This snatch was just getting started. We'll be right back. All right, smooth criminals. Time for more M.J. and more Snatch Game. Welcome back to Snatch Game. Here's how the game works. I ask a question, and you give an answer that you think will match our supermodel contestants. First question. Gigi Hadid. There's a new dating app for drag queens. When you join, the first question they ask is, "How big is your blank?" Let's go to Gigi Hadid. How big is your wig? I love that! Let's go to our superstars and find out if you got any matches. Okay. Let's start with Kimmy Jong-un from North Korea. The first question they ask is, "How big is your"? I wrote down weapons of ass destruction. Weapons of ass destruction. A lady never tells. Well, thank you, the unbreakable Kimmy Jong-un. Ms. Eartha Kitt. Well, I'm sorry, Gigi... But I said, "Big furry balls." How big is your big furry balls? Honey, get your mind out of the gutter. Of course. Hey, Eartha Kitty, girl. Prosecutor Nancy Grace. Well, as everybody knows, not only do I do newscasting, but I also was on another show where I danced. So I said, "How big are your bunions?" What do you do for bunions? Well, I was told you can get 'em shaved off. That's what they do. I'm about to get that done. Eww. All right. Sorry, Gigi. Not a match. Let's move on to Tiffany "New York" Pollard. How big is your clock? Because drag queens love a big-ass clock, right? Ru seems to be throwing Naomi every bone she can find. Do you like a big clock, yourself? But this dog won't catch. Chanel Iman. It's your turn now, darling. The big bad wolf is a drag queen. Instead of huffing, and puffing, and blowing, she blanks the house down. Shakes? She gonna shake the house down. Shake it but don't break it, Mama. Mm. All right, well, let's go to our celebrities and find out if you've got a match. Let's start with Latoya's brother, Michael Jackson. I just said, "Takes a long nap in a bed with everyone they know." Michael, that's crazy. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Let's move on down to Diana Vreeland. I used to work for "Vogue" magazine. But I heard that now "Vogue" means a dance. So I think they vogue the house down. Okay, that could have been cute. Snatch Game's all about delivering and committing. Come on! As Jinkx and Dela? Ooh, girl. Them girls is gonna-- I was about to say they gonna hang you, but I ain't gonna say that. Eartha Kitt. Instead of huffing, puffing and blowing, she blanks the house down. She licks the house. Ooh. Licks the house down. And speaking of lick, it's time for my bath. What? Oh, you-- Okay. Ha, ha. That's what cats do. Ha, ha, ha, ha. Eartha Kitt didn't do that, Chi Chi. You don't know her life. Down to Britney Jean. She reads the house down. That's not a match, unfortunately, Chanel Iman. But has Eartha Kitt got your tongue? I've had that tongue before. You have? Good girls gone bad. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You should do that one more time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would be very popular in prison. I believe her. All right. Crazy Eyes. Because you pretty, I just wrote a poem... Yeah. To Iman. A-Once a queen named Iman remind me of the Sun. Instead of her supermodel life, She can be... my wife. Okay, I don't know if Bob's winning, but I think she just got a date with Chanel Iman. Next question. Let's go to Gigi Hadid. Lady Bunny has an unusual way of celebrating gay pride. Instead of the rainbow flag, she hangs her blank out the window. Her tucking panties. That's what I wrote. Let's go to the king of pop and hear if you have a match. Oh, Ru. It's not a match, but I said, "She waves her blanket." Say "Hi." Oh, hi, Blanket. Hi, Blanket. Hi, hi. Bye-bye. Oh, please be careful. You don't want Blanket to fall. No. Oh, thank you. Yes. Moving on down to Tiffany "New York" Pollard. When I think of Pride, I think of...my hair. So I said $800 weave? That's an $800 weave? Well, of course. Blended. Yes. Yes. Naomi's "New York"? Wuh-wah I'm sorry, Gigi. You didn't get a match this time. Maybe next time. Well, look who's here. I'm sorry that I'm late. But, uh, Uzo Abu-boo left the stage and she asked me if I would fill in. Hello, darling. Carol Channing. Oh, thank you. All right. Chanel Iman. Sally the Supermodel is so lactose intolerant, when the photographer says, "cheese," she blanks. Sneezes. She sneezes! It could happen. Go down to Nancy Grace. She sends out an Amber Alert. Nancy Grace is terrible. It's important to keep the children safe from the boozers and the users and the reefer smokers. It's lifeless. It's basically Acid Betty turned into Boring Betty. Flaccid Betty? Let's move on down to Britney Spears, the princess of pop. She, "Oops. I did it again." Ahh. Do you mean between me down there? She had diarrhea. All right, let's move on to Diana Vreeland. I've worked with Sally for so long. She pops a pill, RuPaul. She pops a pill. There is so much talk about drugs. I have-haven't taken anything but Lipitor for the past ten years. You don't really get a buzz off of that. Now, is there an anal option? I might happen to have a Fleet or two in my home. A Fleet enema. Now you're talkin' my language. If you stay ready, you ain't got to get ready. What she said. Eartha, I didn't know that was you down there. It's me, darling. From here, I couldn't tell if you were Della Reese or Luther Vandross. I couldn't see. These aren't even my good glasses. But back to the matter at hand. I just wrote "corn". That's always a good answer. You know, there's no dairy. And it comes out the way you put it in, RuPaul. I don't remember having corn. Well, listen. On that note, I am sorry, folks, but we are well out of time. It was a really close game, but the winner is... Charo! Charo, what? We all win! I win! You won! She won! Mwah! Coming up... You were so good. Amazing. Happy judges? I know you don't want to miss this. Yass! We'll be right back. Get into the groove. Madonna runway coming right up. What? I can't believe she-- Always the purse. It's elimination day, and it is the Night of the 100 Madonnas. This is the runway I've been waiting for since this show began! If you know me, you know my Madonna is everything. Great minds think alike? Kimono they better do. In New York, it's funny. It's like we're always put in these boxes of, like, what people's expectations of who we are as, you know, drag artists? Yes. Now, even people are putting Brooklyn in a box. Brooklyn doesn't accept me. I think there's a lot of queens at home who do not interact with me. It sucks that none of them ask me to be a part of their community. So I don't fit in anywhere. There are certain definitions of "drag." You know, and there's, like, "I'm put in it 'cause I'm the 'look queen.'" I've had fights with those people where they're like, "Oh, you're not a drag queen. You just do looks." Yes. Mm-hmm. It hurts me, actually, that I'm a lone soldier. And I think that's that huge wall that I put in between me and myself and everybody else. I think this show's a great platform, though, because it kind of shows that we do something more than just stand around and serve booze. Yup. You know, or sit around and be a bitch. Yeah. You know, I do all these shows. I make all these things. But I'm also a musician. What I really want to do is, like, do a grand, like, event, like, "Thorgy and the Thorchestra." Fabulous. Like, a 40-piece orchestra, and I want to conduct in drag. I am a professional violinist, violist, cellist. You know, I've played at Carnegie Hall many times. I feel like I'm the perfect medium to kind of appeal to, like, the younger generation and make Classical music cool. It's a throwback to, like, events where, like, you dressed up just to get on the red carpet. I love that. Do you have any siblings, Bob? I have two brothers, actually. Uh-huh. How many do you have? I have eight brothers and three sisters. Damn, Gina. Crazy. You said you were adopted? Yeah. Did they have a talk where they were, like, "You know--" Where they went, like, one day, like, "Well, just so you know." Well, it's--like it's very obvious that I'm adopted. These are my parents. So growing up with white parents. A rainbow family. Like, this is my mom. She's gorgeous. Yeah, she's, like, the best mom ever. I'm literally the only gay one in my family. And I have a Christian background, and I've heard stories of kids being shunned from the family and all that. And my mom has done nothing but make me feel accepted. And, she's just an amazing woman. I love my mom. Big love to Mama Smalls. The best parents and best childhood. Did you ever feel a--a need to just study up on black stuff? Kind of. It wasn't a weird thing until I got to high school, middle school. People were throwing out all these, like, black references. And I was, like, "Wait. What does that mean?" Did you grow up with, like, black culture was, like, second-hand? I grew up in an all-black family. I went to all-black high school, all-black elementary school and a majority black middle school. Like, I get called "Oreo," like, all the time. It's obnoxious. Or, like, "Oh, he's kind of cute for a black guy." Oh, don't even get me started on being cute for a black guy. Why it gotta be black out? Wait, I think you're kind of cute for a black guy, Naomi. Thank you, Kimberly Chi. Kind of, though. Oh, my Madonna. I am so excited for this runway; you have no idea. These queens better bring it and make Madge proud. Put the bass in your walk  Head to toe, let your whole body talk  And, what? Welcome to the main stage of "RuPaul's Drag Race." The world's biggest Madonna fan, Bible, girl. Bible. You must be my lucky star. A guy who's game for anything, Carson Kressley. Now, who would you do in the Snatch Game? I would impersonate, um, like, maybe a man. Like, Michelle Visage. You need to get more butch, baby. The gorgeous Gigi Hadid. Now, is it more fun to hang out with models or drag queens? Well, I've never had this much fun at a runway show, so, drag queens, of course. Oh, yes, she better Hadid. Stunning Chanel Iman. Did you have a good time yesterday? Yes. It was everything. This week, our queens channeled showbiz greats, as they went for Snatch Game gold. And tonight, my girls are ready to take a bow, because bitch! They're Madonna. UnapologeticBitches. Start your engines. And may the best woman win. The realness  Thorgy Thor. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Drag Queen. Nothing really matters. No, sure doesn't. As I'm walking down the runway, I'm giving you, like, angular, interesting artistic movements, and I'm feeling it. Undercover geisha. Okay, that's one kimono. Up next, Kim Chi. Oh. Two in a row. There's another kimono. Vintage wedding kimono. But I wish I wasn't wearing the same thing as Thorgy. She's servin' that walk, Michelle. She is. W-O-K. Yeah. Derrick Barry. What in the name of Lourdes Maria Ciccone Leon is going on? Down in the most original kimono. It's hand-painted, and I feel like this is a standout piece. Is that sidewalk talk? Jean Paul Gaultier. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Naomi Smalls. Okay, was there a fire sale? What's going on? These girls are really hung up on kimonos. Honestly, we had no idea this was gonna happen. It's kimono-gate, bitches. Even though three other girls are in the exact same look. Kung fu fightin'. This is, like, the Victoria's Secret section of Madonna. I like that material, girl. Acid Betty. Thank God. It may have a few holes in it, but-- My Madonna look today is from "Bedtime Stories," where she's pregnant, giving birth to doves. This outfit represents who I am, because obviously I'm the only one creative enough to think of it. I ain't mad at it. Thanks, Betty, girl. Bye, bye, birdie. Robbie Turnter. She's in a league of her own. There's no crying in baseball, Robbie! I feel so cute. I've got my cute little dress. It's all hand-painted with my little patches. I wonder if she's a pitcher or a catcher. Me too. Chi Chi DeVayne. You're gonna poke somebody's eyes out with those things. If you're lucky. When you think of Madonna, you think of the cone bra. Bitch, I look good. Oh, yeah. It's--she's totally expressing herself. I think she likes a little hanky-panky. I'm breathless. Oh! Not to be confused with Bob the camp counselor. Aww, Bob's such a trouper. My favorite Madonna look is Madonna at the GLAAD Awards when she dressed like a boy scout. And it is a huge political statement. And I'm not in a kimono! Get a load of those Girl Scout cookies. Yes! And she earned a badge for walking children in nature. The realness Coming up... You could have gone so much bigger with her. You are like a white Chaka Khan. So you did Britney. Like a prayer, we're taking you there, right after this. Quicker than a ray of light, we're back. Welcome, ladies. When I call your name, please step forward and strike a pose. Kim Chi. Chi Chi DeVayne. You're both safe. Thank you. You may leave the stage. Oh, the power of good-bye. Bye. Ladies, it's time for the judges' critiques. Tonight on the runway, I don't know if you guys had some kind of symbiotic message to each other, but there's a lot of kimonos which is very interesting. Thorgy, you did your take on it. You kept it in geisha, but still Thorgy's in there. The Michael Jackson was so good. I loved all of it. You kept character better than anyone. It was everything for me. It's 'cause she's bad. She's bad. You know it. I was not expecting to see "Bedtime Stories" and the whole bird-fly-out thing. So kudos to that. Thank you. I think your make-up is okay tonight. It's nothing spectacular. But where I was really let down, was in the Snatch Game, Betty. It didn't look like her. It was like the wig and the make-up, you were like a white Chaka Khan. I didn't get any Nancy Grace from it. It felt like you were just being you. It was just a fail all the way around. Sorry, not sorry. Just keepin' it 100. Woman funny. I needed like a nasal, angry southern voice. And then she leans in, and she wants to talk to you on the TV like she's in your living room. I wish I had you as a coach. Whew! They are savages! Roar! All right. Up next, Robbie Turnter. I really enjoyed your catwalk because it was really fun and playful. I was really excited about Diana. And I--I think that most people may not know who that is. So I think that how iconic she was, and the voice and everything, you kind of have to shove that in people's faces for them to get it. You could have gone so much bigger with her. Punk took my voice away. My voice kept cracking, and I was going in and out during Diana Vreeland. Hey, Michelle. You buying what she's selling? Mm. With what was being said. Up next, Naomi Smalls. It's becoming quite predictable for Naomi to come out in basically, lingerie. This is where we go, "Oh, maybe I should switch it up now." In Snatch Game, I got lost with the boobs. I think if you would have just stuffed it to the max, it would of made the character a lot more obvious to me. So we didn't love New York. Sorry. I was very underwhelmed with my performance. It was not coming out, and I'm, like, so embarrassed about it. All right. Thank you, Naomi. Up next, Derrick Barry. So we did Britney, huh? I am so grateful. Oh, God. You done good, girl. Me and Gigi really, really loved your Britney performance yesterday. You kept character the whole time. You just were Britney. Thank you so much. Thank you, Derrick. Bob The Drag Queen. Tonight, on the runway. Love it. I love your Madonna look too. And I know you're a huge Madonna fan. And, like, one of your biggest thing you said, was when Madonna sent you, like, a cease and desist? Yes! The truth of the matter is, her people called my people because I looked a little too much like her. She couldn't take it. Mm-hmm. You are serving "womana." This old luscious body. The Snatch Game. Uzo Aduba, amazing. You were so good. Then, we get a little Carol Channing. You gave us extra, which was wonderful. I do want to caution you, however. Sometimes you borderline on showboating. A drag queen showboating? I never! All right, ladies. Well, I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. All right. Now, just between us material squirrels. What do you think? Thorgy Thor. Her Michael Jackson, I thought was divine. She was really good at making fun of things that are a little taboo. She stayed in character the entire time. I really felt like Michael was there. Acid Betty. Her runway was very creative. But her Nancy Grace was more like Nancy Disgrace. Ooh, child. I can be punny. Look out, y'all. She doesn't even have the wig right. You need a little helmet-y blonde. And then you need a few little Nancy Grace-isms. And none of that happened. It was just like, she didn't even know who Nancy Grace was. Robbie Turnter. The "League of Their Own" look stood out from the rest. I would give it a B plus. We love Diana Vreeland. We do, indeed. Everything was wrong about it. Why didn't she go for the blown-back hair? With the-- with the bump at the top. Yes! The worst part of the whole thing tonight with Robbie, was the-- "I have no voice." Somebody just get a cough drop already. You don't have a voice anymore? And I think she needs to get out of her head and get into my car. Okay. All right, Billy Ocean. Naomi Smalls did Tiffany Pollard. New York. She didn't do New York. She did not do New York. She wasn't New York. She wasn't Connecticut. She wasn't New Jersey. She wasn't Long Island. I don't know what she was. But, Naomi's was my favorite of the kimonos. She made me want to wear it, but I don't know if it really screamed "Madonna." Derrick Barry. The Britney blew me away. I was so excited for every time that she was going to answer a question. The runway thing, I always find her a bit timid on the runway. When you're on the catwalk, you've got to just give it all you got. You know, I once asked Iman what is on her mind on the runway. And she looked at me dead in the eyes and said, "Africa." That's what I do when I go to bars. Oh, really? Yes. Think about Africa. Oh-kerr! Oh-- Bob The Drag Queen. She flipped the script. Come back as an African-American Carol Channing doing a fabulous impersonation of her. Right. And the Madonna thing, it was the most well put together thought-out costume. I didn't even know leg pads were a thing. There's a lot goin' on on the stage that would blow your mind, Gigi. Uh-huh. Show-and-tell backstage after? Oh, I don't know if you ready. Silence! I've made my decision. Bring back my girls. More ki ki with Gigi right after this. You got the moves, baby, we be causing a commotion. Let's watch. I've made some decisions. Thorgy Thor. Your Michael Jackson was off the wall. And your Madonna look was something to remember. Bob The Drag Queen. I's was crazy about your Snatch Game. And on the runway, you are one unapologetic bitch. Bob The Drag Queen, condragulations, you are the winner of this week's challenge. Thank you. Thank you. You've won a collection of handbags and wallets from Lux De Ville valued at $7,000. Now, that's "purse first," baby. Wow. Whoo! I took a risk, and it paid off. Bob and Thorgy, you may join the other girls. Derrick Barry. You are safe. Thank you. Thank you so much. Acid Betty, your runway was an immaculate conception. But your Nancy Grace left us asking, "Who's that girl?" I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. I totally agree with Snatch Game. It sucked. But I think Snatch Game sucks. Said no one ever. Your runway was a hit. But your Snatch Game was a swing and a miss. Naomi Smalls, your runway look was borderline. But your impersonation of "New York" bordered on "New Jersey." Hey, why's she gotta bring New Jersey into this? Naomi Smalls. I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. All right, time to go big, Naomi Smalls. You are safe. Thank you. Two queens stand before me. As always, I've consulted with the judges. But quite frankly, I don't give a fuck what they say. Because the final decision is mine to make. Um, I'll still be here just in case you need me. This is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come for you to lip-synch for your life! Life! I'm not about to go home to Acid Betty. I'm gonna bring it, and I'm gonna do everything I can to send this bitch home. Good luck, and don't fuck it up. I've got the moves, baby  You got the motion  If we got together  We'd be causing a commotion  Someday you'll see my point of view  I'm pregnant with birds coming out of my belly, and now I have to lip-synch for my life? I'm ready to make TV history. Work for you  You've got to make the compromise  And maybe  Then we can keep our love alive  And when it falls, we won't let it die  It doesn't matter if you win or lose  It's how you play the game  So get into the groove  All you hear is music. You have no idea what's happening around you. And in that moment, you will do whatever it takes to stay. Commotion  I hope you find  What you're looking for  Is it mine?  Walk through that door  We're wasting time  Make up your mind  And get into the groove  I got the moves, baby  You got the motion  If we got together  We'd be causing a commotion  Causing a commotion  Oh, she's having it... officially. Yeah! Ladies. I've made my decision. Naomi Smalls, shantay, you stay. Oh. Acid Betty. You've taken us on one wild trip. Thanks for the high. Thank you for the opportunity. It's been amazing. And I'm so happy to be a part of royalty now. Now, sashay away. Now, there goes one unapologetic bitch. I love you guys. Acid Betty out! I'm so happy that I came here. I would not change this for anything. Legends are born in "RuPaul's Drag Race". And now I'm officially a legend. Bitches beware. 'Cause Acid Betty is now being released to the world. And it's gonna be trouble from here on out. My seven rays of light. You live to die another day. And remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell are you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an "Amen" in here? Amen. All right. Now, let the music play. All right, material squirrels. Thanks for watching our girlie show. Next week we're off to see the wizard. I got you, Dorothy. Deuces! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 