RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 8, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 RuPaul's Drag Race 
 s8e9 - The Realness - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 RuPaul's Drag Race (2009–…): Season 8, Episode 9 - The Realness - full transcript 
 The queens compete in their final challenge, starring in the music video for RuPaul's hit "The Realness"; Michelle Visage, Carson Kressley and Ross Mathews judge. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "RuPaul's Drag Race"... We're having a Book Ball. 'Cause "Ruvealed" is fundamental. Am I the first person who's ever said anything like this, ever, to you? That has said my makeup is not good? I didn't say your makeup's not good. It's just not drag. Escandalo! When's dinner? Bob The Drag Queen. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I am not getting "book" at all. I'm getting "cardboard." Well, I'm still wearing books. I'm just not wearing pages. Snap. Okay. Derrick Barry. I don't know that you're at this level. I have seen what you've done with your eyebrows, but it's going to be a journey. Kim Chi. I felt something from each look and couldn't wait for you to come out. It was the artistry I expect from you. You are the winner of this week's challenge. Thank you, thank you, thank you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Bob The Drag Queen, shantay, you stay. Derrick Barry, sashay away. Derrick. Love you, girl. They better be recycling them looks. That's all I'm saying. All right, girl. Oh, my God, Derrick's message is actually surprisingly short. She's a champ. I like her a lot. I didn't think I would like her, and I ended up really liking her. Yeah, me too. I did too. Long live Britney. I got to say, being in the bottom two is an experience. I think Naomi and Kim Chi know that girl. I feel like there's a dent in my armor now, but it's time to pick myself up by my wig straps and get back in the game. Congratulations, Kim. Congratulations. Thank you. I finally won. I feel really good about how well I've done, but I can't be too secure, because people who won the challenge the week before have gone home, so no one is safe. The judges told me I have to work on being ugly, and I don't think I know how to do that. Can you make an ugly face right now for us? Can you smudge your makeup? Like, just rub your hand across your-- Okay, ready? Take the lashes off first. That's too far. See? Here I come. Wait a minute now. There you go. Be ugly, G. Top freakin'... all: Four. You know how close we are? Mad close. Major. So now that it's the top four, the stakes are fucking high. Yes, we're all friends, but unfortunately, someone has to go home. This is a competition, and I want to be in the top three. Bring it on. Oh, yes, honey, it has been broughten. This week, realness will be served as my girls battle for the top three spots. Oh, and, yes, there will be tears. You're welcome. May the best woman, best woman win Everyone can be someone Are they here for a spa day? And me without my loofa. It's the final challenge, and Ru told us to show up in full face and be ready to hit the ground running. Surprise, my top four. God. Oh. I didn't know you bitches woke up like this. I want you to meet director Jayson Whitmore. Hello, ladies. Hi, Jason. Hey, Jason. Now, Jason has worked with some of the best drag queens in the world, like Alaska, Adore Delano, Kim Kardashian... And now it's your turn. For your final Maxi Challenge, you'll star in the official music video for "The Realness." Yes. I'm a video ho. Goals. When it comes to a music video, it's not Kim Chi's forte. I really hope that she can rise to the challenge. To not make it into the top three with Kim-- it would just suck. Now, Jason's vision includes color, fashion, mirrors, smoke, drama. Well, basically, just a day in your normal life. This is gonna be interesting. ...serve some #Top3Realness, because the queen who gets eliminated tomorrow will be edited out of the final video forever. Shade! Yes, forever. Churl... I want to be in the top three. You can't be America's next drag superstar if you're not in the video. So, Jason, I leave my girls' charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent in your capable hands. Just keep in mind, we don't have a whole lot of time, so we need to get through our takes really quick, okay? Mm-hmm. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win. All right. It's so important to do well in this challenge, because this is going to be the determining factor if you're going to be America's next drag superstar. Yes, Chi Chi, girl, break it down for us. Hi. So now it's time to shoot our first video segment with Jason. I love being in front of the camera, so I'm super excited for our music video. Ladies, welcome to set. This setup is going to be all about float-ography. You guys are required to serve up a tight lip sync while you appear like you're floating on air. You're gonna be playing to the overhead camera while you're lying on your backs. On their backs? They got this. I'm looking for the queens to feel light and airy. They have to pay attention to the fabric and looking really, really beautiful while they're floating back into space. Float-ography. Action. You're falling into this whole fantasy world that Ru is taking you to. Give me those legs. Oh, beautiful. I want those nice, beautiful, gorgeous long legs. Cut, cut, cut. Naomi, we want to really watch those legs, okay? Okay, so, like, out like this, straight? But we don't want it to look like you're a board, so use your abs so it's more like this, right? Okay. So it's pretty, okay? Uh-oh, she got to work out. I'm starting to freak out, because my ridiculously long legs aren't floating, and I can barely hold myself up. Manual labor is not my thing. It's about core, uniqueness, nerve, and talent. Bam! Keep that pose. Yes, love that. Put your money down, place your bet And spin the wheel All right, and cut. Great job, Naomi. It's awesome. Thanks. Bob, just remember... you're floating in air. I am, like, dangling off this thing. And action. Catch it, touch it, touch it, catch it Flavor of this fever, the realness Don't put your legs like that. It's not pretty. Okay. Ooh. This shit is not easy. I am fucking sweating. I'm going from looking like Viola Davis to looking like Patrick Ewing. This shit is not cute. Ooh. Chi Chi, remember, you're top four. Lot of energy, face. Mm-hmm. And action. Put your money down Gorgeous. Beautiful. You're falling into the world, yes. I love that. The realness Your legs look stunning. Love 'em. Chi Chi is doing great. I was like, "Fuck you, you fuking fit prison trade bitch. She sure knows how to sweet talk a gal. All right, so, Kim Chi, you better turnt it out. The hardest part about this challenge is definitely moving, period. Action. Feelings aren't real Put your money down Make sure you look towards the camera, love. Feelings aren't real Find the camera, girl. Who knew being on your back was such hard work? All right, cut. Hey, Kim Chi? Yes? I'm getting a lot of chin, and I'm not getting a lot of face, and I really would love it to be, like, very graceful, like you're falling into this whole other world. Okay. And action. The, the realness Give me surprise. Give me grace. Kim Chi looks like a fucking upside-down turtle. Help. Help. Ha! Watch those legs. I'm trying to give good face. Keep the legs moving. But as the clock ticks on, it just gets harder and harder to keep my legs up. There you go. Gonna move into the house What--oh, shit. Oh! Oh, queen overboard! Shit. Whoa, is she okay? Are you okay? Yeah. Drag queen down. I'm fine. I'm fine. Classic Kim Chi. She's fallen more than anyone in Drag Race history. Sorry. Oh, my goodness. Poor Kim Chi. I don't know, girl. Your makeup might not save you on this one. All right, that's a wrap on the float-ography. All T, no queens were harmed during the making of this video. Coming up... Okay, cut, cut, cut. Let's untangle Chi Chi from her gown. Chi Chi, have you danced in gowns before? No. Child. Well, we better learn quick. Fuck. We'll be right back. Ready for more realness? Well, bring back my avant-garde girls. Hi. Wow, welcome. Look at you. It's time for our second take of the video, and it's avant-garde. I have no idea what avant-garde is, but I'ma do my damnedest. Avant-garde is drag Latin for "your damnedest." Nailed it! ...for the music video is all about self-expression, movement, face,and art. And action. The realness Come through! Okay, cut. Bob, you're at a five. I want you at a ten. Can you give me a little bit more comedy, please? Okay. You better silly that walk. Yes, love that. What I feel is real Work it. Home, no, no The realness Yes. Atta girl. Yeah! That was great. All right, Kim Chi, you're up. She's so cute. Kim Chi's avant-garde look is like Colonel Sanders is about to cut her head off and pluck and fry her ass. She look like a spring chicken. And action. If real is what you feel Yes. Feelings aren't real Ooh, I love that. With attitude for days, please. It's real Yes. Gagging! The realness Beautiful. All right, Naomi. And action. Feelings aren't real Yes, Mama, work it. Whoo, sorry. Okay, cut, cut, cut. Let's do that again, girl. Come on, Kim Chi. Who can't walk in heels now, bitch? Girl, don't even. Action. If real is what you feel Yes. Feelings aren't real Put your money down Place your bet and spin the wheel Oh, give me those legs for days, girl. Naomi's very mesmerizing to watch. Like, every pose she strikes is very perfect. The realness Yes. The, the realness Paris is burning right now. Flavor of this fever Whoo. Give me Ru Viva Glam. Now, that is how you do it. All right, Chi Chi, you're up next. And action. It's real Yes. It's real Little bit more dance. Yeah, love it. Yes, bitch. Okay, cut, cut, cut. Let's untangle Chi Chi from her gown. Whoops. Her drag hit a snag. Have you danced in gowns before? No. Okay, well, we better learn quick. Meh, what could go wrong? And action. Bam. Put your money down Bam. Put your money down Ah. Put your money down Give me fierce, fierce avant-garde. And pose. Pull your dress up. Pull your dress up. Pull your dress up. All right, let's cut. Let's cut, cut, cut, cut. We got a wardrobe malfunction again. Again? Fuck. Oh, drag snag part deux. ...diva of "Drag Race," and this frickin' gown-- it's pissing me off. Okay, cut. Ladies, we have one more setup. Go get changed, and I'll see you in a few. Oh, no. Not more looks. Said no one. Never. ...is a scene with your biggest competitor: you and the mirror. And action. Gonna move into the house Gonna move into the house We're loving that. Ain't never going home Serving glamour. Give me fierce. Yes. Bob's glamour look is really interesting. His right hand looks like he fisted a coal mine, and his left hand looks like he fisted a gold mine. I was gonna say. Place your bet and spin the wheel Yes, work it. Glamour. Wamana! Fierce. Feelings aren't real Ooh, that's cool. Then you see something in the mirror. I know what I feel Gorg. Loving it. We're feeling you. And pose. It's real Are you shocked these queens can work a mirror? No. It's real Perfect. And cut. Okay, we got it. That's a wrap, guys. That's a wrap. What's done is done. Now it's up to Ru. Judge, jury, and executioner. Yas, baby. Fashion rules! It was incredible. Excuse me, excuse me. Coming through. Oh, God. Legendary! Perhaps you can help me. Okay. I'm here for the photo shoot, the past winners' photo shoot. Oh, fuck, Tyra, you look horrible. And Jinkx got a tan. And you must be that sweet thing that won season seven, right? Whatever--oh, fuck. This is season eight. Bye. Sorry. Excuse me. Hurricane Bianca drive by? Damn, bitch, you about ten episodes late. Where the fuck you been? Is there no security on the goddamn lot? Aw, it's the final day. They come and go so fast. Sign my yearbook, everyone. It's our final day in the workroom, and it feels like it's our last day of school, and we're finding out who's gonna get valedictorian or something. Homework. Homework. Do your homework! ...about yourself throughout the competition? I've learned that apparently, I can come off as very arrogant, but I attribute it to confidence. I've not always been this confident. I was like a little chunky kid. I was really effeminate. I had really dark skin, and kids can be mean to you, so once I found out what I was good at and I really embraced it, people started to like me. Find something about you that you like, and focus on that. If I don't like my face, if I don't like my skin, if I don't like my weight, but I think to myself, "I have nice teeth," and it may just start with one tooth. "Look at that tooth. That's a nice tooth, man." And then once you can accept that little thing about yourself, you can just accept you for who you are. Preach, Mama. Preach. I can't walk in heels, I can't dance, and I have a lisp. To be honest, you could be overweight, you could have a lisp, you could have jacked-up teeth, but you too can turn it around. You know, people just, like, like me for who I am and I shouldn't try to be anybody else. First impression of Kim Chi, I thought she was very talented, 'cause I already knew of Kim Chi before I got here, so I was, like, already impressed with her, and-- And then all that changed. No, but, like, Kim is amazing. Aww, you're amazing. I was a huge fan of Kim Chi before I came here, and now she's one of my best friends here. She's, like, a big, lovable panda. I really don't know another way to explain it. She's America's next drag panda star. ...how much I hated where I was from and how I talk. I never, ever thought I was funny. Like, I never realized all of that until I got here. That's why I think you've grown the most, honestly. Yeah. This is why. My journey in this competition has been up and down. Making the top three would be a dream come true. This means a whole lot to me. I need to stop comparing myself to others and just appreciate what I have, because what I have is amazing, and I just need to own it. I don't need to be doing death drops and stand-up comedy. But you know who does death drops? Bob. Known for her death drops. I really did find myself here. That's, like, the best prize, and I'm so proud of myself. Well, you're welcome. All of you. Your bill is in the mail. ...all of y'all-- I do not want to go home. I do not want to go home, either. I just hate the fucking food in California. It's gross. Whole Food and bullshit. It's so good. Kim, you like all the food in the world. I mean-- All of the food Of the world All of the food In all of the-- People are going, are gonna remember your-? Egg rolls? While y'all talking about me eating turkey necks, this bitch Kim Chi says she eats fried chicken buttholes. Oh--Okay. It's good. I'm kind of grossed out. Yeah, that's gross, now. You eat other people's butthole. Why is chicken any different? You know, you try to raise 'em right. Touch?. And those motherfucking are undercooked! Coming up... I'm so happy to see you here, because I think you bring something really special and unique. You put in the work. If I had moisture left in my body, I'd probably shed a tear... Happy judges? I gotta see this. Welcome back, racers. Let's hit the runway. Serve looks and break 'em down. Welcome to the main stage of "RuPaul's Drag Race." Tonight, it's just family. This week, we challenged our top four queens to star in the official music video of my song, "The Realness," and tonight, they're ready to make us gag, decked out in their very best drag. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win. Like I said, no small talk, let's get to it. Up first, Bob The Drag Queen. Not to be confused with Bob the barista. No foam. This is it. This is the final runway, so I wanted to wear a tuxedo and do a feminine version of it, so I'm wearing this crazy, sequined jacket. This is quintessential Bob The Drag Queen. Foxy lady. Outta sight. Mrs. PG. Pass it on. Up next, Chi Chi DeVayne. Miss DeVayne, if you're nasty. Uh-huh. Serving opulence. She owns everything. And she's got the receipts. I have big buns in my head. To me, it just screams "best drag." I'm trying to show the judges that I've gotten over all of these obstacles that I have gone through, and I am worthy of this. Oh, which way are you going? That way. Oh, that way. Apparently, she goes both ways. Oh! Kisses. Mm. If you like it, then you should've put a bun on it. Okay, are you ready for Kim Chi? I'm hungry. Magnificent Maleficent. That's a cock-a-doodle-doo. I'm wearing a feather corset covered in goose and pheasant feathers, and I'm feeling like a dark, evil princess who came here to destroy my competition. She's working that walk, Michelle. She is. Mm-hmm. Only took till the finale. Well, kimchi gets better with a little time. It does; it's--actually, usually the next day, it tastes a lot better. Yeah. "The Raven," Edgar Allan Ho. Ha ha ha! Are you ready for Naomi Smalls? Ooh, dark lady. The notorious Twiggy Smalls. Uh-huh. Yes. Well, she's also serving a little Kendall Jenner. She is, yeah. I am showing the judges that I'm not relying on sequins and rhinestones to zhuzh up my outfit. This is Naomi Smalls glamour to a T. I refuse to blend in. I want to be the star. The beat goes on, and so do those legs. Thanks for Cher-ing. Yes, gypsies, tramps, and weaves. Oh, yes, be-weave that. Ladies, here at "RuPaul's Drag Race," we have the luxury of celebrating who we are, but we must never forget that even today, there are little boys and girls who feel they don't fit in. So I want you to turn back time and share the wisdom you have today with the child you were then. So Bob The Drag Queen... Okay, y'all might want to have a tissue ready. This is you... That is me. At four years old. Yeah. What do you have to say to little Christopher? I say, "Hey, girl." I would tell myself, "You're gonna want to change for others. Do not do that." I just wanted to be like my brother or like my uncles. I was so different than every other guy in my family. I just wanted to blend in and be like them, but once I realized how important it really is to be me, then I really shone through. And I would also say, "Don't take out that student loan freshman year of college." "Just pay out of pocket like you did the rest of it," because it's still haunting me to this day. Okay, now, that's news you can use. ...Chi Chi DeVayne, this is you... Cute headband. At six years old. What do you have to say to little Zavion? I would tell little Zavion Davenport that "It doesn't matter where you're from "and how you grew up-- "the neighborhood you grew up in. "That has nothing to do with how far you can go. "Never be ashamed of how you walk, talk, because that is going to be the key to your success." Very sweet. Thank you, Chi Chi. Thank you. Kim Chi, this is you at three years old. Aww. Aww. What do you have to say to little Sang? "Hi, Sang, when you grow up, "you're going to experience a lot of different cultures. "People might shame you for being too different "and not fitting in with the rest of the culture. "At times, you're gonna feel like "you're trapped in the wrong body, "and you're trapped in a place where you feel like... "You can't get out, and you-- "at times, you're gonna want to think about harming yourself "or even running away. "But I just wanted to let you know "that it will all get better, "and once you grow up, "the things that you are ashamed of are going to be the truth that other people love you for." And-- It's all right, baby. "And you're gonna be able to embrace them. "You're gonna find a group of friends who's gonna love you. "You're not going to feel lonely anymore, "and what you thought was all just a dream "will come true for you, because life will get better." Lovely. Kim Chi, you didn't just get better. You got fierce. "Oh, and go to a dancing class as soon as possible 'cause--" My girls are all winners. "You will really regret it if you don't." All right, Naomi Smalls. This is you at seven. Oh, my God, she looks the same! What do you have to say to little Davis? "Davis, you're gonna go through a really confusing time, "where people are gonna make fun of your mannerisms "and the way that you look, "but I just want you to know "that you need to fucking embrace it, "because that's what makes you special. "Be proud that you're not like all the other boys, "and just do what you do best, "and that's just being you, 'cause that's what people are gonna love you for." Thank you, Naomi. Condragulations, ladies. Each of you made it to the top four the old-fashioned way. You mother-tucking earned it, but in very different ways. Now it's time for the judges' critiques. Coming up... These kids have come a long way, but somebody has to go home tonight. ? Really? For real, Tennille. Be right back. Now here come the judges. Ladies, now it's time for the judges' critiques. First up, Bob The Drag Queen. You can really dance. Thank you. You come to life when you use dance moves. And you had such great elegance and length to your body. You made it look fabulous, and I was like, "Wow, Bob The Drag Queen is giving us some glamour." Tonight, on the runway, because we've seen leggings a lot from you, I wish it would have just gone that extra notch to do a gown. I was sort of torn on the leggings, which, by the way, is what I would do to those leggings if I tried to put 'em on. Okay, break it down, Miss Ross. ...this is a really good place for your drag. Let's talk about your journey. You've managed to do a really good job of standing out. You have managed to be hilarious throughout, and you've also listened to the judges and grown. I see an evolution with you. Thank you, Bob. Thank you. Up next, Chi Chi DeVayne. Ooh, girl, you've come a long way from Shreveport, Louisiana. I heard that. Tonight, is it the most creative thing we've ever seen on the main stage? No. But you look stunning, and I love the pageant hair. It's one of my favorite things in the world, is that pageant hair with the 18 buns on top. The music video, very nice job. That was, like, your moment where you were living, 'cause you were, like, in the mirror, and you were all done up, and it was just you being you. The wind scene, you looked gorgeous in that. Because you dance, you had the fluidity, and you knew just what to do on that black box. I have to talk about some of your journey. Your taste level was, um, questionable. Am I surprised that you're here? Yes, if I had a time machine and came here now, I would be shocked, but you put in the work, and I love a surprise ending. You're like the M. Night Shyama-lama-lan of drag queens... If I had a gag reflex, I'd be gagging. Chi Chi, if I had moisture left in my body, I'd probably shed a tear tonight. But I dried up years ago. Yes, everybody knows it. Thank you, Chi Chi. Shade! Up next, Kim Chi. Even though we fought this awkward body movement thing this whole season, I think you've really gotten to a place where you can work it now. For avant-garde, you were like a glamorous, Dame-Edna-inspired chicken. Yes, very that. And seeing your journey of self-acceptance and your journey to challenge yourself has been really impressive. As a matter of fact, in your entire journey, I don't think there was one look that you didn't kill, and tonight is just the cherry on top of the hot fudge sundae. Thank you for bringing your artistry to the main stage of "RuPaul's Drag Race." Everybody loves everybody! Who's going home?! Of course, it's iconic Cher for us, so it makes us super happy. Snap out of it. You have brought it, and this music video was no exception. For avant-garde, I want you to look like an alien, and that blue look with the white boots gave that to me. And what I love most about you is you're so sweet. You're that great combination of, like, you're a fierce bitch that could cut a bitch on the street, but you're also, like, a sweet little, like, kitten. Meow. ...to see you here, because I think you bring something really special and unique. You listened, you worked, and it paid off. We all have those moments when you decide to, like, bust through. I can think of times in my career-- it was hearing "No"-- when I just said, "Fuck y'all. I'm in," and there was just a moment here when you just said, "I am in." Naomi, to say that you are the surprise... it's no exaggeration. It's just as surprising as Chi Chi for me. This is not the final four that I would have predicted the first week in the competition, and you did it, and you earned it. You earned everything! The theme of the winner's circle is adaptability, but at the same time staying true to your own unique frequency, and that's the truth not only in this competition but in everything in life. Taking those cues from the universe and applying them but without losing who you are, and each of you represent that, and I am so proud of each of you, and that is why you're standing on this stage today. Moments like this remind me why I became a parent. Why should you, and not your competitors, be crowned America's next drag superstar? All T, all shade, after this. Who's your top three? Who's mine? Let's watch. Final question. Why should you, and not your competitors, be crowned America's next drag superstar? Bob The Drag Queen. I have, statistically, done the best in this competition, and you reward the person who has done the best with the highest reward. I don't just do what I do for me. I literally do it for anyone who can come within range of my obnoxious, raspy voice. I serve the people. I serve the community, and more than just doing stand-up comedy, and actually getting my hands and feet into the dirt of the community and helping it grow, because the community has helped me grow, and it's made me who I am today. Thank you. Okay, now, that was "elloguent." Chi Chi DeVayne. I should be America's next drag superstar because I feel like I possess the talent, the willingness to grow, the willingness to take your critiques and apply 'em. I can be funny just as well. I can make costumes, and I can beat this mug out too. I can work a runway. I can work a music video, and I've just blossomed, and I feel like-- that I should be America's next drag superstar, because I've shown the most growth out of--out of all of these girls. Yes, that's a grower and a shower. All right, next, Kim Chi. Throughout this whole competition, I have shown consistent and creative and detailed looks. I have been professional and courteous throughout this whole experience. I have been willing to adapt to myself in any situation I am in. None of the girls will ever come up with the stuff that I do. I don't want to be America's next drag superstar. IamAmerica's next drag superstar. She am. Bam, thank you, ma'am. All right, Naomi Smalls. I love drag so much. It is what, like, gets me up in the morning, and I have such a need and a want to grow, and I don't like to pigeonhole myself into just being either a stand-up comedian or a dancing queen or a look queen. I want to be able to do anything and show everybody that I can be successful just being me and loving who I am, and that is everything I want in the world. What she said. Thank you. Well, my queens, I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. Scram! Now, just between us squirrel friends, what do you think? Now, y'all were doing a lot of praising up there, and these kids have come a long way. I understand that, but I need y'all to get real for the realness. You know what I'm saying? I can get real. I'll break it down. You know? 'Cause, hey, this is still a competition, and somebody has to go home tonight. Bob The Drag Queen. Spandex leggings-- not so much for best drag. I would have loved to have seen a gown. The makeup has always been not great. Right. Shade! There was some growth with the looks, but, you know, if I'm buying a ticket to Bob's show, it's not to see glamour. It's to be entertained. She's been consistently smart with her humor. The Snatch Game was stellar. Oh. I also liked the shady politics ad. I thought that was really funny. I think my number one Bob moment was "chocolate chip cookie." Shut it down in the acting. Really every challenge, Bob rose to the occasion and was able to inject Bob The Drag Queen into that challenge. Chi Chi DeVayne. Look at how far she's come. She had to lip-sync for her life twice, and she not only saved herself, she, like, killed it. Like, we had a "come to Jesus" meeting during "I'm Telling You I'm Not Going." Aw, she puts the hug in thug. She was upside down, lip-syncing. Uh-huh. Twerking. Yes. I mean, come on. Also, the Book Ball was a shining, glorious moment for Chi Chi DeVayne. As great as she looked, looking at the four queens on that stage today, I didn't know if she's as original as the other ones, you know? Chi Chi I've seen done before. Mm-hmm. But I'm in love with Chi Chi. Right. Oh, my God, me, too! ...I don't know what to do with that. She is one of the kids who come from the sort of backwoods of drag. She doesn't have to do the outfits that people in big cities come to expect, but in this competition, judges wanted to see more, and she delivered more. Word to your drag mother. She can definitely serve a look better than nobody's business. I loved the Wonderful Wizard of Oz challenge. Yeah. And what she did with the stripes, with the little woman, I thought it was really, really smart. When she did the Book Ball and created the paper wig out of pink pieces of paper, it's phenomenal. Best seller! ...with Kim Chi was the first time I saw her, and I thought, "What in the hell am I looking at?" The interesting thing for me was watching the struggle of not loving who she is in her skin. I kind of went through a very similar thing when I did "Queer Eye." It was like that thing that I was hiding. It was like, "Oh, my God, you're the queer guy?" Then it was, like, celebrated, and you're like, "Wait a minute." I think that's gonna happen with her owning it and saying, "Wait, I'm being celebrated for who I am, lisp and awkwardness," and she will get there, but does she have the ability to command a stage and work a crowd? I don't know. She has the capability to change drag a little. Mm-hmm. You know what I mean? Yes. To really sort of shift it in a very new, 2000-something... Yes. Sort of way... That's an understatement. All right, let's move on to Naomi Smalls. She has upped her game, and she has brought it to us on a different level. The Wizard of Oz moment was such a game changer. Yes. My God. That was really the turning point for her. I mean, haute couture. Yeah. High-end fashion. Honey, she was feelin' her oats couture. ...her avant-garde look. Mm-hmm. I love that she knows her brand. I think the turning point for me was in the black-and-white movie runway look, and she did that beautiful gray makeup. And then out she comes in the Book Ball in that paper dress, which was straight off of a runway somewhere. Her POV became OMG. For me. LOL. She do have a way with words. ...will be killing it, but I think she's just not there yet. I don't believe that at all. Really? We can all get better. But compared to the other girls at this point in time, I don't think she's there yet. I do. Her drag is really good and polished. And she's fashion. She's posing, which gives me the chills every time she does that thing that I wish I could do, but my belly gets in the way. I--guess what I'm about to say? I agree with Michelle. What? I know, I know. I know, but I-- I think what she did this season is worthy of being in the top three and maybe even taking the crown. Well, I've just got to say for the room, you know, you guys have been no help whatsoever. Note for Season 9. New judges. I've made my decision. Bring back my girlssssssss... Sssssssssss... See you in a minute. Okay, last lip-synch of the season. Gird your loins. ...to the top three, there's just one more thing. This is your last chance to impress me and save yourself... from elimination. The time has come... For you to lip-sync... For your life. And for top three. Good luck, and don't fuck it up. If real is what you feel Feelings aren't real Put your money down Place your bet and spin the wheel If real is what you feel Feelings aren't real Put your money down Place your bet and spin the wheel "The Realness" is me going back to my roots. In fact, it was co-written and produced by Eric Kupper. Same guy who produced "Supermodel." ...I just want to do this for the rest of my life. I should go forward into the top three because I'm a performer. I'm a supermodel. I'm a fucking drag queen. Feel it I am the dancing queen of this season, and I have that country swing. I can act. I can do comedy. I'm ready for it. I am America's next drag superstar. Catch it, flavor of this fever I know what I feel Making it to the top three would mean the world to me, because I am proving to myself, to the world, and my mother that all the work and all the crazy stuff I've been doing for all these years has not been a waste. I have never, ever wanted anything more. I want this so bad it hurts. That might just be your heels. Put your money down I am living my dream. I actually got into drag because of "Drag Race." I'm a "Drag Race" baby boom. Right after season one, I started doing drag, so this is important. I came here to show America why I think I'm one of the best drag queens in the land. I need to make top three. Like, I have to. She keeping it real. #Realness. My love is real The, the realness The realness Oh, my God. God. Aww. Hug it out, kittens. Yeah. Ladies, I've made my decision. Chi Chi DeVayne. I'm sorry, my dear, but you will not be moving on to the top three. Aw, man. Chi Chi, you used your Louisiana glamour to charm the world. Take what you've learned here and let them have it. I just want to thank each and every one of you from the bottom of my heart. Not only have you guys taught me how to be a better entertainer, but you have taught me how to be a better person, and $100,000 cannot buy that. A star is born. Now, sashay away. It's a knife in the heart, the back, the ass. It's a hurting feeling, to know that you've put your all and... it didn't pay off. I've learned how to love me, my country accent, so I'm happy, but I'm sad at the same time that I didn't win the crown. I love me some Louisiana. All right, world. Meet your top three queens. Who do you think should be America's next drag superstar? Are you #TeamBob, #TeamKimChi, or #TeamNaomi? I want to hear from you. Sound off across all social media, @RuPaulsDragRace, #DragRace. Tweet it. Comment on Facebook. Blow up Instagram. Call your mother. Hire a skywriter. Leave a lipstick message in the restroom at work. But not withmylipstick. "Oker?" ...and tune in two weeks from tonight to watch the grand finale of "RuPaul's Drag Race," where I will crown a winner. Can I get an amen up in here? all: Amen. All right, now, let the music play. Look, I'm here. And next week we crown a winner, baby! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 