RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 8, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 RuPaul's Drag Race 
 s8e4 - New Wave Queens - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 RuPaul's Drag Race (2009–…): Season 8, Episode 4 - New Wave Queens - full transcript 
 The queens have to sing live in 80s style New Wave girl bands. Blondie's Debbie Harry and Chris Stein guest judge, plus RuPaul's music producer Lucian Piane. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "RuPaul's Drag Race"... Oh, hi there. Double elimination left a void that I've decided to fill with... Bitches, I'm back! Yeah! Naysha Lopez. For this week's maxi challenge, you'll be acting in "RuCo's Empire." Whoo! Cue the drama! both: Action. Thi... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Iss. I'm a strong gay woman! Okay. Please, sir, empty your-- Please, ma'am, will you empty your pocketbook? Gah! Uh-oh. I feel like you're coming out and these clothes are wearing you. I'd love to see you show me that you do have soul. Bob The Drag Queen, condragulations, you're the winner of this week's challenge. Oh, yes, she did. Shantay, you stay. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Cynthia Lee Fontaine, sashay away. Adios, Cucu! # # Whoo! Uh-uh! Aw. Cucu. Cynthia just got eliminated. My continental Puerto Rican sister's gone. I'm really sad. "Don't give up. Love you." Isn't the sweetest? I can't wait to see her again. You want her to come back then? Derrick, let's not get crazy. Okay, she funny. Cynthia is so loveable, but girl, that may have been the worst outfit in "Drag Race" history. Alyssa, you're safe. And those jogging shorts she had on? Red stockings? Going out looking like Sofia Vergara's less fortunate cousin, the one she don't send money to. I think it was legendary that you freaking did a lip-synch for your life with skates. Well-- Bitch, you killed that shit. Actually, I'm feeling shaken in this competition right now, and the thing that I know I can do-- acting, I fail at? I'm feeling really disappointed in myself. I think I got good critiques, like, we're seeing something different, but then I got told from Michelle that I don't really have a soul. Michelle said you don't have soul. She didn't say you don't have a soul. Then I'll just start twerking. Come on, barry bootie challenge. Is that my soul? Come on, barry bootie. They don't want you to be-- Girl, she ain't getting it. Betty has soul. This is Betty's character that she created. What you don't realize is Betty doesn't have a character. This is just Betty. Yeah, you really need to find, like, who you are. That's not Britney Spears. I still don't get a sense of who Derrick Barry is as a drag queen, aside from the fact that he does Britney impersonation. He needs to find ways to take his drag much further. That could be a big problem for Derrick as we move forward, and we're moving forward, honey. The train's pulling out of the station. Oops, I did it again. All aboard for a brand-new episode of "RuPaul's Drag Race: Ruvealed." Are you ready to rock out? With my cock out? Uh-huh. Tonight my girls form bands. It's gonna get punky yet funky. Yes, god! Chris Stein and Debbie Harry. Legendary! # May the best woman  # Best woman win  Hey, everyone. Walk into the room purse first. Purse first. Purse first. Purse first. Ah, walk into the room purse first. Clack! She is determined to make that happen. Commit, baby. She done already done had herses. Hey, rock lobsters. Hey! One way or another, you've got to rock the Casbah, and when the tide is high, girl, I know what boys like. Boys like me. What? Hello, hello, hello. Now long before I became supermodel of the world, I was in a punk rock band called Wee Wee Pole. Honey, you can't make this stuff up. I was inspired by bands like the B-52s... Yeah! Wendy O. Williams... Whoo! And my all-time favorite... Blondie. Yes! Now for this week's Maxi Challenge, you're going to form your own new wave band. #NewWaveQueens. Hey. Okay, she is giving me flashbacks. Working in teams of three, you'll be writing lyrics to original retro tracks. You need to create a unique style using clothes, shoes, and accessories provided by Out of the Closet thrift stores. And tomorrow, in front of an audience of groupies, you'll be performing live. Yes, live, as in living! You all form your own bands. Anarchy! I love these bitches. This is our team. Team Best Friend Race. You want to do New York? Oh. Yeah! Team New York. Aka the Big Adam's Apple. The third team just seems like leftovers just formed together. Now there are three different tracks: punk, synth, and party. Party. You guys figure out who gets what. And on the runway, the category is neon realness. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman rock! All right, let's make a case. We want punk. Kim, Robbie, and I choose punk because we don't want to give the judges something they've seen before. We want to really rough it up. We want party. And we also want party. We also want party. Okay, let's everyone in their group individually say what you want. I definitely, definitely want party. Party. Party. Party. And what do you guys want in your group. Party. I want party. Synth. 'Cause it has soul, it has rhythm. See, and I felt like that about this. Now I will say this group is unanimous on party, and you guys are not unanimous on party. Oops! Come on, head game. There's, like, this turmoil between Chi Chi and his group, so we kind of, like, pit them against each other. I just don't want you guys to fight. I don't want Chi Chi to be upset. I genuinely don't think that your group will be as strong with this 'cause you were like, "I want synth." You got to turn 'em against themselves. Just get some water. Scheme queen, scheme! We're gonna go with synth, and you guys go with party. All right. Thank you so much. Derrick and I, being team players, decide we're gonna go with synth. Let's make it work. Girl, we are art. That's fine. You can be art. Art, art, art, art, art. Art, art, shekat-kat-boom. Oh, shika-kat-kat-ki-kat. Okay, see now they just showing off. Mm, mm, mm. I hope that's not their song. If that's their song, that sucks. I got an idea. What we do is... we incorporate shapes. I'm circle, you're triangle, and you're square. That's cool. I'm an hourglass. Oh, ow. I think our costumes should be that shape, you know what I mean? Like, cardboard cut-out geometric shapes. Yeah, no. We should just be, like, this is our head, this is our hands. I'm not surprised Chi Chi came up with this concept. This is, like, a girl that shops at Michael's for every outfit that she owns. Just thought we'd come on stage dressed like a square, a circle, and a triangle. To me, that would be more visually appealing. No. Naysha's already gone home once. Derrick just got clocked by the judges, and I sure in hell don't want Michelle calling me basic again. We all need to step our game up. I don't want to help you guys, but the genre in which you guys are doing of synth was all about geometrical shapes, oddness. Klaus Nomi was, like--he was a walking triangle. But, I mean, we can be fashionistas. That's fine. If you could show me something that's not a cardboard box on my body then I want to see it. I'm with Chi Chi. Acid Betty, seriously? Shut the fuck up. And you're the oldest one in the bunch, you should know better. Thanks, Betty. Coming up... Thorgy, is that not funny? No. Thorgy is driving me crazy. Do you not see yourself all over the song? New York is in a bumpy state of mind right after this. Welcome back. Who's ready to get punked? We have to make it funny. Right, absolutely. Yeah. This week's Maxi Challenge is to form new wave bands. We have to write lyrics and perform our track live. What if we just wrote something, like, just completely, like off the cuff. Like, I don't know, chicken wings. Uh-huh, tell it, girl. It could be our thing. That could be cute. The other team, like, I don't-- Kim Chi and Robbie as punk? When I look at Kim Chi, Robbie, and Naomi, I sure as hell don't see no punk. And then chicken wing. Maybe our song is, like, something hot and spicy. Louisiana's finest. Barbeque. You're a punk group, and you're gonna scream about chicken wings and dipping sauces? Let's go chicken wings. Nothing about this is finger-licking good. That group is gonna lose. Like a Stepford Wife, your fantasy. Or why don't you say, "I'm not a Stepford Wife." Oh, that's good. I'm, like, really excited about this. Well, Chi Chi will help us soul this up too. Yeah. I feel like Chi Chi doesn't really want to be in our group. His energy is really off. I know y'all want to work together, but I have, like, no look for neon couture, so could I, like, go over and cutout something real quick? Oh, Lord. Well, that sucks. You could be square, now, just don't be a nun  Chi Chi, how did that sound? Chi Chi, were you listening, or no? It was good. Yeah, I think that's cool. And if he doesn't like it, he can change it. Girl, it's a group challenge. Engage... because that's what you do when you're on a team. Where did Chi Chi go? Queen gone rogue. Oh. Wait. So I'm working on my runway outfit because these bitches have fabulous costumes, and I'm gonna walk out in a neon bathing suit. So if it seems like I'm a little worried, I am. And that's why I'm quiet. I'm distancing myself from the girls, but you know what? I'ma work this shit out. Peace. I believe her. All right, let's keep writing. How about the first line is what's that smell? Hm, love it. 'Cause we're singing about street meat. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. You're right. It's quicker. You like to explain it. Yeah. When we go "yes," you don't have to convince us. And we just laugh because you're--you-- I just-- 'Cause we go like this, "Yeah," and you go, "It's so much simple, and, "you know, I thought about it, and you go like this. "And there's a four-count, and a four-count are so much better than a three-count." Yeah. You're not the most time-efficient. I'm very detail-oriented and neurotic. My process is, like, I sit there and examine every little tiny thing, tear it all apart, and put it back together. This is where the big black beans could come in. You see what I mean? No. Thorgy, is that not funny? Come on, that is-- Uh, no, I don't think it's funny. What? What sets me off is this sound... Ugh. Ugh. Oh, my God. She's putting the "ugh" in Thorgy. I have an ear for music, rhythm, and, like, beats. I'm a professionally trained violinist, violist, and cellist, so, like, I have a very critical ear. Don't argue with me. I just wish you would trust me when I say, like, a suggestion. We do. We do trust you. Do you not see yourself all over the song? All right, now I know that I can't even speak without being attacked. She's feeling very attacked. Thorgy is driving me crazy. She's not contributing as much as she's negating. I'm actually holding back, like, 94% of, like, what I actually want to say. Thorgy, I really love this drape-y fabric on you. Thank you so much. Oh, and then the other group's trying to sneak in and break down our defenses. Is it an actual cardigan? Just a simple scarf. Thorgy, you are so easily distracted. Oh, my God. And they're looking for the easiest chink in our armor, and it's Thorgy. Thorgy... Sabotuer! Hi. Hey. They keep changing my lyrics. My lyrics are so good, and they're like, "Let's change it to this," which is, like, idiotic-- Thorgy, stop talking to them! Jesus. I'm just over it. Whose team are you on? Like, are you working with the chicken wings or whatever their fucking names are? You guys are so fun. Like, that's hilarious. Team New York is in a small, little boat, and it's got a hole, and it's sinking. I really think you're trying to, like, destroy the process almost. I'm really not. Now you're being dramatic, Bob. Yes! Thank you! He's being so dramatic! Bob? Dramatic? Never. Those bitches are going down. Coming up... Right now it's just reading as, like, cheesy. I just don't know what you're saying. You don't understand what I'm saying? No. I think I may have just, like, cost us this challenge. We'll be right back. Welcome back, Pop-Tarts. It's time to get cookin' in the studio. Hi. Hi, ladies. Ru hooked us up with a Lucian rehearsal for this challenge, and my team is up first. Let's go ahead and see what you've put together so far. There's a lot of pressure on me for this challenge because the judges weren't crazy about my performance last week, and I feel like this character is gonna show them that I do have soul. Here we go. Cue music. We are the girls of geometry  I'm not a Stepford Wife, I'm your fantasy  Whoa. Derrick. Just stop. That--that's good. It might be fun for you guys to maybe talk-sing some of it because you're not, like, incredible vocalists. Um, okay, let's try that. Cue track. We are the girls of geometry  Shapes and sizes is what we bring  Stop. Stop for a second. You're still singing. Oh. And we were just talking about talking instead. Okay. Talk. It's... We are the girls of ge-om-et-ry  Yeah, more like a rap. Y'all wanted some soul. Don't get mad at her now. I want to be a pop star of drag, and I feel like now that I'm given the singing challenge, this is my time to put everything out there. Really want me, it's so plain to see  Rectangle girls of the world. Yeah. You're getting what I'm saying. Kind of catching on. That's awesome. It's my advice that you two listen to Chi Chi. She really gets what I'm saying in terms of the arrangement. I really appreciate that you, like, already in one take did kind of what I was saying, so...it's really cool. Mm, they didn't see that coming. Hey, bone collectors, we're Les Chicken Wings, and we've got a bone to pick with you. Think you're hot, but you're not  Think you're turned, you're just burnt  Okay, they cute. Right? The biggest thing is to figure out that punk attitude. Yeah. So when you perform this, it's gonna have to be times ten of what you're doing right now. Right. So I want to hear a little anger. I'm gonna have each of you give me, like, a loud, primal scream. Oh, boy. Naomi, you first. Okay. You're smiling. You're so happy. Come on, anger. Kim Chi? Robbie? Somebody just snatched your wig, tripped you, and stole all your heels. Finally, advice we can all understand. Let it out. So we're trying to be punk and angst-y, but it was not working, and I'm feeling the pressure. I have been on the bottom of the game, so I need this win more than anybody else in this competition. Then you best snatch it. Punk it up, lady. How are you feeling song-wise, lyrics and everything? I love it, anyway. It's good. It's good. What's wrong? We love it. So wait, you're not all on the same page with it? We are on the same page. We are. We are. We are. We are. We are. Thorgy just talks like that. We are, but she's, like... That's how she talks. Literally nit-picking. But we have a final product that we're all happy with. We're good. Churl, I'm just over it. I can't argue with Thorgy anymore. I think we got a dream team here. Here we go. Cue track. What's that smell?  We got something to sell  all:  It's called street meat  You can shop around the prices can't be beat  Ow! The only thing I would say is that it was very character-y and almost theatrical instead of cool, '80s, new wave vibe. All right. Cue music.  It's called street meat  Whoo! No need to yell All right, all right. Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop. So this is what I'm talking about. You're saying it exactly the way you'd say it in a musical. What's that smell? That sort of doesn't have the cool, B-52s' vibe. Right now it's just reading as, like, cheesy, and you're just like, "Ehh." I think the B-52s are kind of cheesy. The B-52s are just one example of a party band. I'm just trying to direct you to be more cool because that's what this era was about. That's how they sound to me. What do you mean by "more cool"? I don't get that feel from our track. Am I alone in this? Really? No one? Girl, you got to listen. Open the ears, close the mouth. He's telling us to lay back, stop be so, "Hey, girl, yeah, whoo, yeah!" I just don't know what you're saying, Lucian, baby. Ooh, she feeling some kind of way. You don't understand what I'm saying? No. It's just about creating your own style. Like, even someone like Lorde. I hate her. I can't with her. Okay. Well-- I'm just telling you, she has her style. When you think of Lorde, I think of, like, apathetic teenager. Av--Ooh. I'm just trying to help you. I guess so I'll be Lorde. It's very surprising that any queen would come for me because I'm gonna be judging these bitches. What he said. I'm not saying to be Lorde. I'm not saying to be the B-52s, but it can be some other sort of melody that is your thing. It's like, "You're not the B-52s, but how would B-52s say it?" Is what it sounds like to me. Oh, my God. You are embarrassing us in front of a judge. If we're in the bottom, Bob is going home, not me. I know I shouldn't be arguing with Lucian. I know I shouldn't be, but I'm already in argument-mode because Thorgy has got me at the very edge of the cliff. Lucian's just an innocent bystander. I think I may have just, like, cost us this challenge. Drag is not a cheap profession. It's really not. I know. You got to do what you got to do to live. Do you have enough to, like, live off of? We were always fortunate kids, but we didn't have a lot of money growing up. So when I got out of high school, I started getting all these loans and just started trying to find money. Yeah. And now I'm going through a bankruptcy. The struggle is real. Wow. How much is your debt? It's, like, in the tens of thousands. I work two jobs washing cars and checking out people's groceries. Being broke is a hurting feeling. People say they don't have a dime to their name, but when you literally don't have a dime, you taking all your shitty shit to the Coinstar to, like-- just to get $5.00, like, I don't think these girls understand that. Not having the money to buy fabric and all that kind of stuff, I just use what I got, and that's where I find myself saying, "Oh, I'm here for the $100,000," you know what I mean? Yeah. When I want to be here for the experience, but in the back of my mind, I just feel like I need money, and it's not all about money all the time. That's exactly why the stakes in this competition is so high to me. It's not an option for me to fail. Chi Chi does a lot with very little. I'm gonna put my hair up and do my makeup, like, immediately. Yeah, I am too. I'm always, like, the last person running around with my head cut off. And yet you still win. Every time. I've never won. Frida Kahlo got a special mention. Yeah, a special mention... That was winning. That I was good at the dance challenge but didn't win, but I was top, and then we did the acting challenge, and I was, like--they were like, "You were really good, but--" Yup. I feel like I'm the Susan Lucci. Come on. Susan? I'm the Susan Lucci of the season. I nailed the "Empire" acting Challenge, and I was safe. Bob wore literally a $20 Halloween costume that was falling apart, and she won. And, like, Bob is funny, but so am I. I'm just not as loud and annoying. Girl, snap, hello. You floored us. We couldn't stop watching you. Bob, you win." It seems like Bob and Thorgy are in a competition of their own, and somebody's feelings are inevitably going to get hurt. Welcome to "RuPaul's Best Frenemies Race"? all:  We are street meats This is epic. Welcome back to Doll-a-palooza. Wristbands. Show me your wristbands. This moment gags me every time, because we never know what she's gonna give us. Cover Girl, put the bass in your walk  Head to toe, let your whole body talk  And, what? Welcome to the main stage of "RuPaul's Drag Race." Michelle Visage, are you ready to get punked? I am indeed. And Lucian Piane, did my girls rock your world? They did, Ru. And the co-founder of Blondie, Chris Stein. I hear you're a fan of the show. I watch everything religiously. And I must be dreaming. It's the legendary Debbie Harry. So happy to be here. I'm always touched by your presence, dear. Seriously, bow down. That is my goddess right there. Form new wave groups and perform original songs in front of a live audience. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win. Welcome to She-BGB's. Hitting the stage, it's Street Meatz. What's that smell?  We got something to sell It's called street meat  No need to yell With your wife on vacation  No need for a reservation Hey, you're just in luck  'Cause we'll quench your thirst  And we'll fill you up  We are street meat Savory and sweet Sold on the street Shop around, our prices can't be beat  When you leave the club Or a New York bar You got an appetite And you see our rockin' car  Ah! Order three or four Or even more Whoa! all: A line down the block  We're serving big black  Beans. Oh, 'cause see now she just made me hungry. all: Savory and sweet  Sold on the street Shop around, our prices can't be beat  Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Dragometry. Dragometry? I'm ready. We are the girls Dragometry All shapes and sizes are what we bring  Rectangle girls of the world  Oh, my god. I'm every girl in a circle I run  You could be square hun, but don't be a nun  all:  We just want to celebrate Rectangle girls of the world  No matter the size, no matter the shape  You may be shaped like a bumblebee  But you're beautiful, girl, just love your body  all:  Rectangle girls of the world You want to be seen like a girl on TV  I'm not a Stepford Wife, I'm your fantasy  all:  Rectangle girls of the world We brought it, girl Yeah, we won't give you lies  I'm straight to the point and I'm sharp as a knife  Get out of the box, don't be so uptight  all: Rectangle girls of the world  Come through, cardboard head. Thank you, thank you. Be different. Love yourself. 'Cause if you can't--whoa! Lick your fingers and put your hands together for Les Chicken Wings. Are you guys ready to rock? Hey, bone collectors. We're Les Chicken Wings. And we got a bone to pick with you. That's Honey Dijon. That's Honey Habanero. That's Honey Mustard. I just want you to be hot and saucy  All you ever gave was Bitch or bossy! I can relate. I'm a drag queen, you're a piece of trash  I don't need you, just leave some cash  Now get out before your face gets a smash  Yeah! I was ready for some hot and crispy  All you ever said was Girl you're lisping! You can say good-bye, leave me to cry  Suck my bones dry, nibble on my thigh  Said you liked the leg all:  But that's all a lie  I was craving you to be thick and meaty  In the bedroom you said  You're young and needy  Thought you were it, but you're just really bad  Sad Mad Yass! Buy our vinyl in the back! Coming up... This thing is mind-blowing. What concerns me is the attitude a little bit. Clot. Be right back. Welcome back. Don't blink. High-speed runway starting right now. Category is: Neon Queen Realness. Derrick Barry, heart of glass, ass of silicone. She could swim in that. Naysha Lopez. Day-Glopez. Now you know. Uh-huh. Chi Chi DeVayne from the Bayou Country. Whip it good. Uuh. Kim Chi. I love cabbage. Yes. Me too. Robbie Turner. I don't know nothing about birthing no babies. Naomi Smalls. Honey, she is serving Billy Jean Queen. Yum. Acid Betty. Nosferatu goes to Fiorucci. Bring back my gills. Thorgy Thor, thoroughly modern Thorgy. Yeah. Absolutely. Bob The Drag Queen, not to be confused with Bob the cable guy. Bob, how's your head? No complaints. Welcome, ladies. I've made some decisions. Les Chicken Wings, the crowd ate you up, but one of you was finger-licking great. Robbie Turnter, condragulations, you are the winner of this week's challenge. Yes. You'll receive a wig wardrobe from Weaven Steven. This is, like, so huge to me that you're in the room, Ms. Debbie Harry. Like, I have a poster that was above my bed, and my parents really thought I was straight for a minute. You mean I was a beard? The three of you may leave the stage. Thank you, Marie Aqua Net. Now it's time for the judge's critiques. Come on, rip 'em to shreds! Bob The Drag Queen. Hi, Bob. Hi, Lucian. Can I just say before we get started, yesterday, I wasn't the kindest to you, and that's not me, and I apologize. What was going on? I wasn't really understanding the references he was giving me. Then I was like, "Well, I don't even like that artist." Who was the artist? It was Lorde. Oh, well, you're in luck. She's our guest judge next week. Whoo! Well, I accept your apology, and, today, I was impressed, especially with the black beans line. I really highlighted your character. Great job. I think ratchet drag is your thing, but I am in love with the way you look tonight. Thank you. It's in the step in the fashion direction. Less ratchet, more fashion. But you have to stay professional at all times, no matter how pissed off you are. Wisdom! And I'm not talking about teeth. Hey there, Thorgy girl. I'm not crazy about this look tonight. This is going on. This is going on. This is going on. This is-- There's just so much that I'm losing you. Sometimes a queen can have on too much. I ain't wrong. Next up, Acid Betty. This thing is mind-blowing. This is epic. I mean, did you actually make that wig yourself? I made everything you see but the shoes, yeah. Wow. Very good. Style praise from Debbie Harry? Epic Than I did Acid Betty. I didn't get why everybody else kind of went crazy new wave, and you went '50s. It made me feel that you weren't in your element for the first time. Oh, okay. I totally felt like I was, so that's weird that you felt that way. Up next, Hey, Derrick  Your makeup made me so happy. I did not see a trace of she-who-shall-not-be-named. Yes. Tonight on the runway, do you look pretty? Yes, but I'm still waiting for that breakthrough. I'm hearing Britney Spears a lot, but I--when I saw you with the bangs I thought you could do Debbie. Maybe you should audition for the movie. Oh. Wow. Call my agent. Well, you have a terrific voice. Thank you. But you were kind of, like, disappointing as a performer. I don't know what's happening in your head because you're not giving us 100%. Damn! All right, next up, Naysha Lopez. Hi, Ru. Tell me about this outfit. It feels like it's painted on you. Yeah. It's actually all airbrushed. And more to the point, your ass is real? Yes. It's real. You got it from your Mama. And my daddy. Does your daddy deal in medical-grade silicone? This is fun. I think this is something different for you. Now the outfit in the group, it was like part Dolly Parton, and then the circle that wasn't really a circle. In terms of the outfit in your group, were you in charge of that? It was a group challenge, so we really participated with everything when it--you know-- Well, Chi Chi's shaking her head. You're saying it was not a group effort? No, the thing Thorgy had on her head, that's what I wanted to wear as the actual costume. I see. I'm not gonna be in a cardboard box. Oh, okay. Absolutely not. Is this the first you all are hearing any dissention from Chi Chi? She was just disconnected. I see. You know, like, it was, like, "Hey, Chi Chi, "you want to come over here really quick? You know, we're gonna look at some references," and it's like, "All right. Whatever." Well, they was-- I was told to step my drag up, and that's what I wanted to do. So tell me why you're out here in a bathing suit with no corset and a belt. I don't have the expenses to pay for something like this. I'm in a bankruptcy. I just don't have-- Hold on. You don't need money, girl. That's never an excuse. I know you can turn a show. What concerns me is the attitude a little bit. I'm getting the feeling that you have fought very hard to be where you are. I get it, but we're lifting you up. Let us. Preach, Mama. Preach! I hear you. I'm sorry, y'all, that, you know, I just kind of halfed it, and-- No, no, it's okay. It's cool, sister. I don't want y'all to feel like that, you know, I tried to throw y'all under the bus or anything, but-- What is this bus everybody keeps talking about? I think she means the B-41, down Flatbush Avenue. Thank you, ladies. While you un-tuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. Aka let y'all have it, but nice. Just between us Sunday girls, what do you think? Let's start with Bob The Drag Queen. Bob was giving me a little attitude, A little? This is a high-pressure competition. Absolutely. And I think personality things that they may not even like in themselves sometimes come out. And Bob did stand out. Bob has a lot of charisma and seems to know who he is. Thorgy Thor. She delivered on this challenge. There's just something so quirky about her. I agree. I was totally drawn to her. Michelle, you had an issue with her outfit. There was just so much going on. Did she paint sideburns on? Down her cheekbones and around her jawline, down her neck, and down her arms. I think her challenge in this competition is to edit it down. Acid Betty. You know, I watch this show all the time, and I was kind of waiting for this "Wow" moment, and that was Betty's runway. Lizard queen! In the performance just was not cohesive for me, and because of it, she was completely swallowed up by those other two girls. Derrick Barry. Most frustrating thing, for me, is how temporary Derrick is in performing. And she's so not used to performing something other than Britney. But she, you know, really had an outstanding voice. But it's hard to judge her as her, because Ru, think about Chad Michaels. Mm-hmm. She can do tons of other drag than Cher. Derrick has to find a way to break through that mold. Let her break the ice. I kind of lost her in the performance to the other two. Now, she was eliminated, and we brought Naysha back. She wants to be here so bad, I can tell. Uh-huh. She's trying so hard, but I don't know if she is giving us enough. Chi Chi DeVayne. In the performance, she was the standout for me. She does have this mysterious magnetic quality. On the runway, however, there's no excuse for you to come out here being that basic. No. I watch this show all the time, and you cannot wear the same shoes for the challenge and the runway. Okay, I could not love Chris Stein more. That's amazing. Silence. I've made my decision. Bring back my girls. Who's gonna feel the rapture? Keep watching. The tide is high. Who's moving on? Let's watch. Welcome back, ladies. Based on your new wave performances and your main stage presentations, I've made some decisions. Bob The Drag Queen, you're safe. Thank you. Thorgy Thor, you're safe. Thank you. Acid Betty, your runway look was a bright spot, but in the challenge, you were overshadowed. You're safe. Oh. I'm Jewish, but I'm praying to all the gods, so thank you. Oy gevalt. Mishpocheh, you may join the other girls. Derrick Barry, you didn't quite ace your Dragometry test. Naysha Lopez, in neon, you are radioactive, but your performance was not electrifying. Chi Chi DeVayne, your runway ouch-fit didn't dominate. Derrick Barry... You're safe. I am gagging. Thank you. You may join the other girls. Naysha and Chi Chi, I'm sorry, my dears, but you are both up for elimination. Whoo, child, I did not see that coming. Again? What the fuck? There's just no way that I'm gonna go home again. Two queens stand before me. Prior to tonight, you were asked to prepare a lip-synch performance of "Call Me" by Blondie. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come... for you to lip-sync for...your...life. The only thing that keeps going in my mind is, "Girl, hustle. Make it work." I'm gonna lip-sync for my fucking life. Good luck, and don't fuck it up. Color me your color, baby  Color me your car  Color me your color, darling  I know who you are  Come up off your color chart  I know where you're coming from  Call me   Call me  Naysha's got moves, but Chi Chi's got guts. It is on, babies. Naysha is flipping out tricks and flips that I had no idea she had. Chi Chi better beware. Share the wine  Call me   Call me  Bam! Oh, my God. Chi Chi just went in for the kill... Oh! And when I say kill, I mean there was blood everywhere. Oops, man bun. Whoo! Whoo! Yeah! Call me   Call me  My love  Call me, call me any anytime  Call me   Call me  On the line  Call me, call me any  These are two fierce, hungry queens. Call me  Ladies, I've made my decision. Chi Chi DeVayne, shantay, you stay. Thank you so much. You may join the other girls. Naysha Lopez, your beauty and your bootie did double-duty this season. Now sashay away. Props to you, Mama. Werk, Naysha. Bye. I was giving it 110%, and am I a little upset that someone that's giving 50% and not committed at all is still here? Yeah, absolutely. I want to tell the girls, "Stop your fucking complaining. "Get your shit together, and don't forget, Ru has me on speed dial." So you just never know. Condragulations, ladies. And remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell are you gonna love somebody else? Can I get a amen in here? Amen. All right. Now let the music play. Thanks for watching my girls get it on in neon. Next week, who knows what they're gonna wear. Or where they're gonna be. Ooh, consider my attention snatched. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 