RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 11, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 RuPaul's Drag Race 
 s11e8 - Snatch Game at Sea - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 RuPaul's Drag Race (2009–…): Season 11, Episode 8 - Snatch Game at Sea - full transcript 
 The queens compete in a nautical-themed version of the legendary Snatch Game. Veep co-stars Tony Hale and Clea DuVall guest judge. Drag queen Jinkx Monsoon makes a guest appearance. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [RuPaul] Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... You need to create a farm-to-runway look. Who do you think should go home? Yvie should go home. She's hurt, and we ain't got time for that. I'm really pissed that Silky would say that, especially when she saw me finish that last challenge on a sprained ankle. Who do you think should go home? Silky Ganache. Why you pressed, ho? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [RuPaul] Ra'Jah O'Hara. Tonight on the runway, I am seeing the root. A'Keria. The shoulder pads, I hated them. [RuPaul] Plastique Tiara. Designers want you to emote through the clothing, and I really got that from you. [RuPaul] Con-drag-ulations. You are the winner of this week's challenge. [applause] A'Keria C. Davenport, shantay you stay. Thank you so much. Ra'Jah O'Hara, sashay away. Oh, my God. I got war wounds a mile deep. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Whew. Ra'Jah is eliminated, and I feel so bad. But I got my own struggles right now. I really don't trust Yvie in this competition, because I feel that she view me as a threat. Now, with that being said, I have to keep a stern eye on Miss Brooke Lynn Hytes. For example, Miss Brooke Lynn Hytes say that I should have been in the bottom for my runway. No Tee, I thought you were going to be in the bottom this week for this look. But she let her good Judy Nina go out looking the hot donkey fool and praised that bitch. How you feeling, Yvie, off of all of your critiques? [Yvie] I got mostly positive critiques. I like wanted to bring a journey to the judges and show them that like I can elevate my drag, despite how like anyone may or may not feel. There's definitely tension. It's so thick you couldn't even cut through it with a knife. You're gonna need a chainsaw. Silky, what are you thinking? You're really quiet. For me as a person, like, it's stressful. Ultimately, I'm just tired of the fake. I'm tired of the phony. Who do you feel is being fake? I'm not even going to bring that up at this moment. If you're a judge, you need to be on the judges' panel. And that's all I got to say. Yvie has called me talentless. Talentless? You think safe is gonna get you somewhere? Sasha Velour was safe every week. And won. That's 'cause Sasha Velour was talented. Oh, shit. Bitch, I'm from Chicago. When you called me talentless, I wanted to square up with your ass. Before I was trying to be at least cordial. Like I was cool with Yvie. But now I know we just need to just let it go. Don't worry, girl. I won't be giving you any more unasked-for advice. I'll just let you be in the bottom if you go that way. [Vanjie] Yeah, I don't need it. I mean, after just looking at the skirt, I don't need it. I was trying to help you. Don't worry so much about what I'm doing-- I was trying to help you, sis. Being real with someone isn't called being fake. Being fake? Girl, one minute you're being kind and being cool, and that's what I was talking about. People have multiple feelings, girl. Just because I'm being kind to you doesn't mean I'm not allowed to be real. It ain't no feelings. Multiple personalities. So how about you shut the fuck up with your skirt, and whatever you-- Okay. What else are you going to repeat? Whatever I feel like repeating, bitch. So shut the fuck up and mind your business. She feels like I'm fake because I was kind to her one minute, and then honest with her the next. I didn't come here to lie and sneak around corners, and I don't care how incendiary that is. That's all I gotta say. I don't give a shit. Guys, guys, guys. Guys, guys, guys, guys. I know y'all have drama, whatever, but let's take a moment to celebrate the fact that this is motherfucking top eight. Top eight and we love you and...and bye. I'm kind of tired of feeling like some villain to them, when really I'm just like the one bitch who's telling it like it is. Miss Vanjie just let that bitch have it. We ain't going home for no ratchet ho that drag cost $3.00. And I need to take that bitch out, one way or the other. ♪ RuPaul's Drag Race ♪ [RuPaul] The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race receives a one-year supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics and a cash prize of $100.000. With extra-special guest judges Tony Hale and Clea DuVall. ♪ RuPaul's Drag Race ♪ ♪ May the best woman ♪ ♪ Best woman win ♪ A group big hug. -Hey, cyst. -Are you okay? Silky, what? -Good morning, Silky. -I'm wonderful. I ain't got nothin' to say. Miss Yvie, at this point, has called me talentless, and I am really upset. I ain't saying a goddamn thing in this workroom. Okay, well, word. Hello, hello, hello. [cheers] Ladies, a wise man once said if you want to be invited to the party, you must have something to bring. Oh, wait. I said that. It's one of the many nuggets of wisdom from my new book Guru, available for download and purchase wherever fine books are sold. [all laugh] Now, for today's mini challenge, I want you to pitch your own self-help book. Each book needs to be filled with inspirational messages and overflowing with gorgeous photographs. Just like Guru. Available for download and purchase... [speed-mumbling] ...wherever fine books are sold. [all laugh] Ladies, what's the name of my book? -Guru. -You got that right. And where can you get it? Wherever fine books are sold. Well, see, you was crazy as hell when they brought you up in here, but you in your right damn mind now. [all laugh] Okay, you got 20 minutes to get into quick literary drag. Literally. [all laugh] Go. This is going to be the prettiest I've ever looked in my entire life. Sounds about right, baby. [RuPaul] Ladies, time's up. First up, A'Keria C. Davenport. Hello, howdy do, Mama Ru. All right, pitch me your book. My new book here is Bend Ova: Girl, Show Me What You're Working With. My best advice, slap that ass and get a free pass. Peep show off a cheap ho. Pay me my shebang. [RuPaul] Oh, oh, it's milking time. Hi, name, my name is Vanessa Vanjie Mateo. Wait, wait, stop. You had to look at the card to remember your name? [laugh] I done forgot my name. Buy my new book, Miss Vanjie Walking Backwards into Fame, All You Bitches. [all laugh] Based on true-life events and a little bit of fabrication. [RuPaul] Judge this book by its cover, and she will judge you right back. Hi. My name's Plastique Tiara. Buy my new book, Personality: Not Everybody has One. [RuPaul] Oh, Eckhart Tolle, you better watch out, honey. Plastique is coming for you. Booty Food: Confidence From the Kitchen to the Bedroom. You'll learn how to serve cakes and eat them, too. [RuPaul] Oh, you're like the Bareback Contessa. Odd-acity: Release Your Meek and Get Your Freak On. Go oddballs to the sugar walls. Eat a baby. [RuPaul] Are you there, God? It's me, Crazy. The Broad Broad: Tips and Tricks From the Football Field to the Runways of Paris. Forget about proportionizing, it's about shoulderizing. [laughs] [RuPaul] Touchdown. Go get my new book, Eat It: The Chronicles of the Buffet, Honey. [all laugh] You've got to know how to have your food and how to get it ready, bitch. [laughs] I shipped a copy of this book to Monique, but she says she don't rub the big bitches no more, so fuck you, you skinny bitch. [all laugh] I wrote this book due to the fact that I was hungry. [all laugh] Girl. [RuPaul] I don't think the Food Network is ready for this jelly. From Bitter to Glitter: The Story of How Cross-Dressing Changed my Life. My three best pieces of advice are: Lie on your resumé. Sleep with your boss. After parties are the new job fairs. [all laugh] Hillary Clinton called it sad, but true. [laughs] [RuPaul] Okay. Oh, yes, churl. Oh, my God, you're like a slutty J.K. Rowling. [all laugh] Well done, ladies. -Thank you. -Thank you. But one of your books drove me Oscar Wilde. [all laugh] The winner of today's mini challenge is... Silky Nutmeg Ganache, Ph.D. [cheers and applause] You've won a $1.000 credit from Postmates. Oh, yeah. [doorbell rings] Oh, they're here now. [cheers and applause] Oh, look, it's the hardest-working queen in show business, Morgan McMichaels. Ah, body. Listen, I love Postmates. -Why do you do it? -I do it for the tips. You know, I've always relied upon the kindness of strangers. Yes, I've heard. [all laugh] Well, I gotta go back to work. -Bye. -Bye. Oh, Morgan. Haven't you forgotten something, darling? [pop] [all laugh] I was wondering where I left this. [all laugh] Ladies, it's that time of year, and I sure hope your charisma, uniqueness, nerve, and talent floats, because this season we're playing the Snatch Game at Sea. [cheers and applause] Oh, my God. Brought to you by our friends at Vacaya, a fresh new approach to LGBT+ travel. With amazing destinations, stellar entertainment, and world-class hospitality. Now, landlubber rules still apply. You need to impersonate a celebrity, play the game, and make us laugh. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win. [cheers and applause] Bitch! I've made it to the Snatch Game. If you don't do good, bitch, everybody's going to remember your Snatch Game, ain't no ifs, ands, or buts. Whatever you do is going to follow you like the shadow followed Peter Pan, and haunt you till death do you part. When I curl synthetic hair, does it go on a low setting? [Plastique] The lowest setting possible. Our challenge today is Snatch Game, and I cannot wait. I'm so excited. This is your strength, though. -I'm so excited for you. -I hope so. I hope it's my strength. I don't want to jinx myself. It's going to be fun. This is a celebrity impersonation. The whole goal of this is to be in character, have fun, and make Ru laugh. I'm gonna curl this hair. [Yvie] Who are you thinking about doing, girl? I'm going to do something for my Latinos out there, Charo. -Charo. -Yes. -La-cuchi-cuchi. -[laughs] -Who you doing? -Tiffany Haddish. -Is she from Girls Trip? -Yeah. The one that was ready to cut her bra if she needed to. Yeah. ♪ She read, aah ♪ -Oh, my snatch. -The tricks, bitch. Impersonations are not exactly my strongest suit. I'm freaking out a little bit. Or a lot bit. -Hi, boo-boo. -Hey. -How are you? -What's up? I'm just--I don't really do a lot of characters ever, and so it just feels like a mental block. It's just like... Sucks. Brooke Lynn is looking at me with those googly eyes, and she's shook, 'cause she doesn't think of herself as a funny queen. Who you gonna do? I think I'm gonna do Celine Dion. -Celine Dion. -Yeah. Is that your final answer? [both laugh] Last time I had to do a character, it was Rosie... -O'Donnell. -O'Donnell. I was gonna say Rosie Parks. Rosie O'Donnell. You know that was not my jush, either. I don't really do characters. Just be--you know, make them laugh. Just don't freak yourself out before. Yeah. Make them laugh, bitch, even if you're not doing Celine and you're doing Snoop Dogg or whoever. While I'm telling her, bitch, I'm telling myself, too. [sighs] Bitch, count to 25. If not 30. My ass had to count to 40 the other night. And that didn't even leave me nowhere. Don't freak yourself out. Come back later. Hey, cysts. We've got company. [screams] Yes! Jinkx Monsoon is here. Oh, you all look absolutely fantastic, honestly. [all laugh] Jinkx won Season 5 of Drag Race, and she's in the history books for being one of the most amazing Snatch Game winners as Little Edie. The label is faded. I can never tell if it's paté or if it's giblets for the cats. [laughs] [RuPaul] Now, Jinkx Monsoon is here to help you get shipshape for the Snatch Game. Who's our first victim? Dr. Silky Ganache, meet Jinkx Monsoon. -Hi. -Hello, Jinkx. -How are you? -Nice to meet you. I'm wonderful. How are you? Oh, I'm wonderful now, honey. So now please tell me you're going to be doing Oprah's second cousin Cornetia. -[laughs] -Cornetia Winfrey. Is that what you're doing? Very similar. -Well, who is it? -Ts Madison. -You're doing Ts Madison? -Yes. What a great choice for you. Welcome to my chateau. Yeah. She quits porn, so now like a social media mogul, and she's everywhere doing everything. Are you worried at all about-- -No. -[laughs] I think she gonna love me, and I'm gonna become best friends, and we gonna have a good time. Now, Jinkx knows a thing or two about Snatch Game. Do you have any questions for her? I got a question for you. Mm-hmm. Can I get your phone number? Aah! [all laugh] Dr. Ganache, I just never know what's going to come out of your mouth. And that's a good quality for Snatch Game, because you've gotta keep it fresh. You've gotta keep it funny. Absolutely. You've got such a big personality. And you filter that through Ts Madison and you're golden. You know I'm gonna give you everything, plus a little more. [RuPaul] You better. Listen, can't wait to see you out there. -Thank you so much. -Thank you, Dr. Ganache. Oh, my wig. Yvie Oddly. Now, I see sort of a dreadlock wig here. Are you going to do Whoopi Goldberg? I am gonna do Whoopi Goldberg. Is this a strong character for you? I don't do impersonations very well. What would you say your biggest strength is? I won the first acting challenge that we had. -Yes. -That's a good sign. Last week you surprised us with this glam look. You looked really pretty. I didn't realize that I wasn't turning any of that... [laughs] For y'all. Oh, bitch, come on. You know you were serving freakazoid before. [laughs] This all sounds so familiar. [RuPaul] Yes, that's right. So if you've already won the acting challenge, you already know what you're doing here. So if you can get yourself to where you've transformed into Whoopi, and then you use your own natural wit and cleverness, like I think you can handle it. You're funny. You're already funny. So just make me fucking laugh, Yvie. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. -Hello. -Brooke Lynn Hytes, meet Jinkx Monsoon. You know, Jinkx is a Snatch Game assassin. Now, we're here to guess who you're doing. So don't tell me because I want to guess. I see a white jacket. Sammy Davis Jr.? [all laugh] Celine Dion? -Thank you. -Is it? You are doing Celine. [Brooke Lynn] Celine, yeah. Do you have Celine's voice down? Because that's really the most important part, right? Yeah, the accent, the French Canadian accent. Uh-huh. Yeah, 'ello, 'ow are you? It's good to see you, Jinkx. You look beautiful. Um, she's trying. -Do you feel good? -I feel good. My heart will go on. Love you. How about this. Celine, what'd you have for lunch? Poutine. -Poutine. -Poutine. It's a French-Canadian delicacy. You will love it. It's French fries with cheese curd and gravy. It's amazing! Hilarious. -Really? -No. I--to be completely honest with you, I'm just not feeling super confident about any of it. I just feel like I have a mental block. It's just... Sometimes also an over-exaggeration can make up for maybe you're not the best at doing her voice. -Yeah. -I love doing Bette Davis, but it's not accurate. It's just me going, ahh... ahh...as much as I can. It works. That works. I see the worry in your eyes. Can't wait to take a Xanax after we finish. [RuPaul] All right, all right. -We'll see you out there. -Thank you, Ru. Come on, Jinkx. I'm gonna die. -Hi, Nina. -Hi, Ru. How are you? Meet Jinkxy. -Hi, Jinkx. -Hi, Nina. So, now, Nina, you're a comedy theater queen. I am. I would think that if anybody in this workroom knows what Snatch Game is, it would be you. I think so. This is improv, riffing, and it's knowing your character and trying to make you laugh. [RuPaul] Yeah, I love to laugh. Which is really what I want to do. You know, even if it's halfway funny, I'll fucking laugh. True. [all laugh] I have brought-- I'm between two different characters who I think I can embody. Is that Betty Rubble? Close. Jo Anne Worley. Oh, oh, Jo Anne ♪ Worley ♪ -♪ Worley ♪ Yeah. -Yes. And is that Eleanor Parker? Close. [deep voice] Harvey Fierstein. -Yeah. -Yes. I'm trying to decide really between the two, and what's going to be the best decision. A lot of the kids watching this show these days, they're not going to know either of these people. -Right. -Now you have to do it so well that even though they don't know who these people are, they're going to laugh at it just because it's a good performance. When I did Little Edie, I had certain things that I knew that I could always go to. I could always go to the cat tin and talk about cat food and I could always say her certain catchphrases. But I also had to be able to go on the fly. So I had to be able to just trust that if I stay in character, I could say something that Little Edie probably never would have said, like she goes into the voting booth in seizures. Spelling? You know, she never said that. But it's a funny thing that I did in character. -And it's in her character. -Yeah. I mean, she would say that. Listen, I can't wait to see one of these characters out there. And make me laugh. -I'm gonna try. -All right. So nice to meet you. Nice to meet you, too. I'm torn between these two characters. I'm not sure what I'm going to do. But if I'm going to make a bold decision, this is where I need to do it. [sighs] Now what do I do? [RuPaul] Hello, Miss-- Vanjie. Oh, Miss Vanjie. [laughs] So now I see a red wig here. Is it Lindsay Lohan? It's not Lindsay. She was on Dr. Phil, the little "cash me outside" viral girl. -Oh, yes. -Danielle Bregoli, yes. Well, what are you going to do besides cash me outside? It's just basically acting like her. I was going to address RuPaul as Dr. Phil. Stuff like that. That sounds like a goddamn laugh riot. It's not funny talking about it. It's funny acting, I guess. You know what? Everybody says that. Because on your audition reel, you had L.A. Toya. Did you think about doing Latoya Jackson? No, I'm not doing Latoya Jackson. Why not? Because I know she's friends of the show, so I didn't--and then I would have felt like uncomfortable, probably stepping over those bounds. Oh, please, bitch. If you're doing it with love, there's no disrespect. I just--the most person I would be able to for me I feel like turning it out when I'm on set would be her. And her whole thing is that she's a rebellious kid who is--bucks authority, is that the thing? Remember, Detox playing Ke$ha, took a pee on stage. It was like, how are we supposed to laugh at that, you know? And Detox learned a big lesson from that, that like just going for the lowest common dominator doesn't always cut it if you've got someone else doing a sophisticated performance up against you, you know. Now you done flipped the script, got me over here, don't know what to do. I'm about to go back through my luggages again and figure out what I'm about to pull. No, it's up to you, honestly. It's just we're just questioning your ability to make this character come to life. You've seen Snatch Game before. [buzz buzz buzz] You know what happens on Snatch Game. Make it funny. Can you do a character that's just that? That already was the funniest thing you did. [RuPaul] Funniest thing of the day. Well, you decide. Can't wait to see you out there. [Vanjie] Okay. [RuPaul] Thank you, Vanessa. Bitch, I'm shook, scared, panicking, stand-still mannequin. I don't know what the fuck gonna happen now. -Hello, Plastique. -Hi, Ru. Meet Jinkx Monsoon. -Hi, Jinkx. -Hi. So good to meet you. There's an unaccompanied minor here? [all laugh] [Asian accent] Hello. Good to see you. Oh, my goodness, are you in character now? Yes, yes, I am. [RuPaul] Who are you doing? I'm actually going to do Lovely Mimi. She's on Love & Hip Hop. She's like this nail tech from Atlanta, but she's like-- she pulls out an accent. She jumps in and out of that Asian character. But how different is she from the nail lady you performed in the Wakanda? She's a little different, because like, you know-- A little different or-- A little different. So she jumps in and out of different dialects. What's her other dialect? -Is she very 'hood, also? -Yeah, she's very 'hood. Can I hear a little bit of your 'hood voice? Where you wanna go to lunch? Lady Bunny's Glory Holes. Well, it feels like you've got one half of this character down. [RuPaul] Yeah. But it kind of sounds like you've done it before. Are you a one-trick pony? I've done it before, but I stick to my guns. I know that I can do this really well. I know that I can do the accent. This is actually my drag voice. [laughs] The accent is actually my real voice. Yeah. Your challenge is to not be exactly like Why it Gotta Be Black? and also make me laugh. Yes. Plastique already did this character in Why it Gotta Be Black, Panther? Plastique did this character in mini challenges. Plastique has did this character walking around the workroom. I guess Plastique's gonna try to do this character again. All right, ladies. Look, y'all, I don't care how you do it. You just better make us laugh. Bon voyage, and don't fuck it up. [cheers and applause] Couldn't have said it better myself. Shall we, darling? -Thank you, Jinkx. -Bye, y'all. [Michelle] It's Snatch Game at Sea, brought to you by Vacaya, a fresh new approach to LGBT+ vacations. How do you Vacaya? Welcome aboard. We've been expecting you. Let's meet our Snatch Game at Sea contestants. Our first guest loves escape rooms. It's Clea DuVall. -Hi, Ru. -You look fantastic. Thank you. So do you. Good luck getting out of here alive. I never want to. [all laugh] Now, our next guest is obsessed with cruise ships. Welcome Tony Hale. Hello. I love cruises. It's like a floating mall, and the food feels free. Well, there's no shopping on this ship, only mopping. Bummer. All hands on deck. Let's meet our stars. First up, a social media maven who has stepped her pussy all the way up. Ts Madison is here. -Is it on? -Yes. Is it on? The question of the day and every single day is this bitch recording? [laughs] Good morning, Baltimore. It's Broadway's Harvey Fierstein. Hello. -I want to clear things up. -Okay. -I'm not Harvey Weinstein. -No, you're not. The only thing I've assaulted is a cheese plate. Yes. [laughs] Now, all the way from Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta, it's Instagram superstar Lovely Mimi. Hi, Lovely Mimi in the house. Hi, Mimi. Would you do my nails? Any day of the week, honey. Come in. I do the cuticle. I do the extension. -Everything for you. -Oh, wow. [Silky] Let me tell you something, RuPaul. Oh, what's that? I let Mimi do my nails in Atlanta, bitch. I was the first bitch bitch walking around Atlanta with athlete's feet on my hands. Don't you trust Mimi, honey. Don't do it. I will check you, ho. This one's got two voices. Next up, she won an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar, and a Tony. It's Whoopi Goldberg, everybody. Hey, Whoopi. You know, it's funny that you should mention that because I actually brought them all here with me. Oh, those are all of your awards. Yes. Trying to get rid of them on eBay since I haven't had a role in a good five or six thousand years. Aren't you on The View? I am on The View, but after interacting with these ladies, something tells me I'm gonna quit show biz altogether. [RuPaul] All right, up next, it wouldn't be a cruise without her. My good friend Charo is here. Hola, RuPaul. It's so nice to be here. Can I get one cuchi-cuchi? Oh, claro que sí. Oh, cuchi-cuchi-cuchi. [all laugh] Up next, we've got someone that you know from Dr. Phil. Problem child Danielle Bregoli is here. What's up, Dr. Phil? Oh, shit, I'm sorry. What's up, Ru? Are you gonna behave here on the Snatch Game? -Fuck no. -You're not gonna behave. No. This fucker is ratchet as fuck and knocked my mom out a few times. I had to beat her ass, and now I'm here trying to get this check. [RuPaul] Yeah, good, good. Up next, from the movie Girls Trip, the hilarious Tiffany Haddish is here. I hope you went to the ladies room before we started the show. Oh, there'll be no golden showers as of right now. [laughs] Tell me this. Now, I know you became close friends with Will and Jada. -How they doing, girl? -Girl, listen. I had tried to take them on a boat trip that I had bought on Rupon-- 'cause you can't say the other thing. [all laugh] And girl, everybody wanted to take pictures of Will and Jada, and I just felt so non-celebrity-like. Oh, dear. -But, girl, guess what? -What? I still got my Rupon. [laughs] She's calling it Rupon. [laughs] A'Keria as Tiffany Haddish was spot-on. Yes, ma'am. Y'all caught that mug. [RuPaul] Last but not least, oh, my goodness, one of my favorite voices of all time. Celine Dion is here. I'm a little bit confused. I'm not sure why I'm here. I thought this was a Titanic 20th anniversary reunion. Oh, no. I don't know who any of these people are. I know. There is a nautical theme-- Is it Alzheimer's? You got Alzheimer's, baby? -No, baby, no. -But you-- I have a show in Vegas, though. [RuPaul] Let's see how the show goes, because it might end up like the Titanic, actually. All right, let's play the game. First question is for Tony Hale. Bianca Del Rio is so mean. Recently when someone yelled "man overboard," she didn't throw a life preserver, she threw blank. Another man. -She threw another man. -Yeah. All right, let's go to the celebrities and see if you got a match, okay? Let's start with Ts Madison. Bianca Del Rio is so mean, she threw what? I threw over a ruler, bitch, to make sure you had nine inches. And if you didn't have nine inches, I wasn't saving you, 'cause you wasn't worth anything. Tony, you got nine inches over there? Ooh, we're not gonna go there. [all laugh] Let's move on down to Lovely Mimi. You know, Bianca Del Rio is so mean, she throwed the Ts Madison at the man. Girl, can you imagine, she go overboard? She go to the bottom and die forever. She just mad that her nails are bad and I told everybody. Okay, that's not a match, but a very good try. [audience] Aw... Let's move on down to Danielle Bregoli. -What say you? -Dr. Phil-- I mean, Ru, stolen credit cards from her mama, because that's what the fuck I did. -And I'm here. -Okay. All right. Not a match, not a match. Why you looking at me like that, though? No, it was close. -Cash me outside, then. -All right, all right. Cash me outside, how 'bout that? -I don't want to. -Well, you're not angry. -You're not angry. -No, I'm not angry. -All right, hey. -What's up? Hey, guys, it's gonna go down. [Shuga] Vanjie is messing with Tony, and I can tell that he is afraid, honey. I ain't scared of you. I whoop my mama. I'll whoop you, too. [all laugh] Let's see if the greatest voice on earth, Celine Dion, has a match for you. I wrote the Heart of the Ocean. That's the necklace from the movie. I am so angry. It took them 20--it took them 100 years to find it. -Yes. -They got it out of the ocean, and she throw it back in. -She threw it back in. -Yes. Unfortunately for Tony, that is not a match. Celine Dion, you have so many hits. Is there one song in particular that you love the most? My favorite song to sing is All Coming Back to Me Now. Why? Because the music and the passion, it just draws me in, and I feel so alive when I sing that song. Where's the Celine? It ain't even Celine Dion anymore. It's Celine You're-done. All right, this next question is for Clea DuVall. Lady Bunny is so thirsty, instead of portholes in her cabin, she has blank. [RuPaul] What does Lady Bunny have instead of portholes in her cabin? -Manholes. -That's a good answer. Let's go to our celebrities and hear what they have to say. Harvey Fierstein, what say you? Well, I've known Bunny for years. She's a New York queen. -I'm a New York queen. -Yeah. Gloryholes. Judges, is that same as a manhole? -You need a man. -Unfortunately not. You do need a man for this. But that is a very good answer, Harvey Fierstein. Let's go down to Whoopi Goldberg. What do you have? I just wrote old movies I had winning roles in. Because there's really nothing like enjoying The Color Purple. In fact, my feet are still dirty from it, to be 100% honest. [RuPaul] Okay, yeah. Let's move on down to Charo, cuchi-cuchi Charo. Cuchi-cuchi. [RuPaul] Charo, what does Lady Bunny have instead of portholes in her cabin? I said Mazola. It is the oil for the corn. But you put it in your skin, then you can slip around in it. You know, slip in your partner. And then cook a taco. And cook a taco. That's a good answer. Not a match, unfortunately, Charo. Tiffany Haddish, we're looking for a manhole. What do you have? I said she has a little man she can grapefruit. See, what you do, Ru-- -Oh, oh, oh, oh. -You cut the side, and you cut the side. What do you do with that? Oh. [laughs] All right, so we're gonna do a bonus round. Clea and Tony will play together. Here we go. Nicki Minaj loves going to the beach. Her hair always stays dry, but her blank don't. But her... Badonkadonk don't. -But her badonkadonk. -Don't. Don't. Okay. We're looking for badonkadonk, celebrities. Oh, Jo Anne Worley is here. ♪ Ooh, aah ♪ Hello. The stars are here. All right, so we're looking for badonkadonk. I want you to know my answer is coming from a lot of experience with working with dicks. -Dick Martin. -Dick Martin from Laugh In. [Nina] Dick Nixon. I've worked with so many dicks, I think Paul Lynde really outdid me, though. ♪ Oh ♪ I want you to know. [RuPaul] Snatchword. Cantaloupe. Fruit. Honeydew. Melon. Aah! Melons, that's melons. It's not a badonkadonk. No, it's down here. It's down here, yeah. Oh. Melons would be here. So unfortunately, that is not a match. Now, Ts Madison, are you familiar with the badonk-- Oh, you've got a new hairdo. Girl, let me tell you something. If you ain't rocking 22 inches, you practically bald, bitch. You practically bald. [laughs] 22 inches. [Silky] 22 inches. I got to keep cashing in your check. [RuPaul] Yes, honey. All right, now what say you? Anaconda, honey. Let me tell you, you ain't rocking at least nine inches, you can't rock with me, bitch. -[laughs] -Nine inches, honey. Silky as Ts Madison is killing it, girl. She is the captain of this cruise ship right now, girl. Let's move on down to Whoopi Goldberg. Any time I go to the beach, I make sure to medicate. And so much like Nicki, I know that her joints, her joints are always wet. If you're not about it, then you're against it, because the devil's lettuce is actually God's gift. What the hell is going on? I was actually looking at her like this. Whoopi, then I looked at RuPaul. Baby, when I tell you, eee...poof. [RuPaul] All right, let's move on to Charo. We're looking for badonkadonk. Took me a minute to understand what the badonkadonk is, because my English is good, but not that good. No, your English is very good. Listen, people telling me that my accent is fake, They tell me, oh, no, Charo is from Cincinnati. [laughs] Do not miscon-screw me. I am from España. [RuPaul] What say you, Charo? My friends tell me, you selling out with cuchi-cuchi. But I tell them, my cuchi take me all the way to the bank. It certainly has. It certainly has. So I say cuchi-cuchi. Is this the cuchi-cuchi? The cuchi-cuchi. The cuchi-cuchi, unfortunately it taint a match. All right, let's move on to Danielle Bregoli. Danielle Bregoli. -Is that a pasta? -No, bitch. Nicki Minaj loves going to the beach. Her hair always stays dry, but her blank doesn't. My mix tape. [RuPaul] Her mix tape. Right here. Can you sing a little bit for us now? Are you going to do a little bit for us? Nah. Oh, okay. All right, Celine Dion. Her poisson. So what is a poisson? Her lady garden, her arc de triomphe. Oh, you mean between me down there? Down here, Ru. You gotta shimmy it. -Oh. -You gotta shake it. -Uh, uh, oh. -Her poisson. [RuPaul] Poisson. Poisson, poisson, poisson. Hey-Ha, hey-ha, ha, ha, ha, ha-ha. Heh. Heh. Heh. I'm just saying, like, heh. [ship horn blows] That sound means I had a three-bean salad for lunch, and we're out of time. Thank you, Tony. Thank you, Clea. -Thanks, Ru. -Thank you. Until next time, remember, spay and neuter and tip your local drag queens. Bye, everybody. ♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪ Baby. Whoo. [laughs] Today is elimination day. We are going to find out who did well for Snatch Game, girl. I definitely feel shook, and not stirred, bitch. Oh, baby. Shake, rattle and roll. Right. After Snatch Game, I'm shaking in my boots. I can't be in the bottom. How you feeling? [Brooke Lynn] Girl, I feel nauseous. It sucks. It just is the worst feeling ever. I feel like I froze. At this point in the competition, I've been doing so well. And then my Snatch Game was so bad. To go from like such like a nice high and then it's literally just straight down. I don't even know what else to say. I'm just like... It's the worst feeling ever. I don't feel safe at all. But let's get in drag and be beautiful. [Yvie] It's so weak to just be a silent bitch in the background. It's like really painful to be so goddamn unfunny. Silky, how are you feeling? After a long night of tossing and turning about what I said to Silky, I feel really bad. It's not right for me to have like questioned her talent. Well, girl, I do think it was wrong of me to like come at you in Untucked. And I do apologize for calling you talentless, 'cause that wasn't coming from anywhere real. That was anger. I like do still stand by the rest of my opinions that I had in the past, but you fucking proved me wrong. And I feel like in the Snatch Game, girl, you slayed it. Yvie is giving some half-assed apology, and I'm not buying it. There's a lot of things that I can put up with being called, but talentless is not one of them. We ain't got to be friends, we ain't got to talk about this. Moving forward, I'm just doing me. And you like it or you don't. I don't give a damn. [Yvie] I know you're not here for me. But I just want to say like good job, girl, 'cause that was killer. All right. Yvie can take her apology, pack it with the rest of the trash that she calls drag, and go back to Denver. [Shuga] My heart game is on point today, girl. You draw a heart on your nose? I do. Why? I don't know. One day I did it, and now I say it's the way that I spread love throughout the world. I don't know, girl. [laughs] It's cute. I don't feel good about what happened between me and Yvie. I feel like it got real ugly. I don't feel like this for no reason. If they would have asked me about you, I would have not read your ass and walked your ass right there on the red couch. I would have pulled your ass aside, and said, Yvie, your makeup looks crazy. Yvie. [Yvie] Yes, queen. Are you busy? I can take a second. [Vanjie] It'll be quick and easy. Come here if you can. It's not a good look, acting like that. Not at this age. No, ma'am. I wanted to apologize to you for the way I behaved in Untucked, because you know I love you, and it was just like a bad moment for the both of us. And we're like family. Sisters are gonna fight. And like I don't take it-- like I still love you and I don't see you any different. Thank you for apologizing. I'm sorry, too, 'cause, I mean, it really isn't cute to be acting like that. And so I apologize for snapping off at you like that. You're fine. And, bitch, I know like after I was heated, but I was like, I'm sure we'll be able to like make up. We like two pit bulls going at it. She's somebody that speaks her mind. I spoke my mind. We sisters. We're gonna be fighting. -I love you. -I love you, too. But I still respect what she do. We here together, bitch. -Thank you. -No, thank you, bitch. Miss Vanjie is turning out to be like one of the most genuine people I've met. I think her heart is in the right place, and she doesn't just see me as somebody who's like trying to take her down. Listen, I just spoke to Yvie, and I know all of y'all were in Untucked, you know. I just want to apologize for getting so turned up at Untucked, and all y'all had to be there, and I was behaving like that. -Baby, it happens. -Yeah. [A'Keria] We get heated, girl. Now I gotta get ready, so fuck y'all. Bitch, I'm sorry, but I ain't that sorry. [all laugh] [RuPaul laughs] ♪ Cover girl, put the bass in your walk ♪ ♪ Head to toe, let your whole body talk ♪ [cheers and applause] Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race. Michelle Visage, do you do any impersonations? I play a lady on TV every week. Oh, I'd like to see that sometime. [laughs] You're soaking in it. [laughs] The hilarious Ross Mathews. Now, I hear you do a mean Sylvester Stallone impersonation. Oh, I do. You want to hear it? -Yeah. -Okay. [clears throat] [normal voice] Yoo-hoo, Adrian. [laughs] Good. That's good. -Do you have another? -I do Arnold Schwarzenegger. -Let's hear that one. -Okay. [normal voice] I'll be back. [all laugh] Keep working on it. [all laugh] Clea DuVall. Did Snatch Game change your life? 100%. It's all downhill from here. [all laugh] [RuPaul] So, Tony Hale, do you think my girls suffer from arrested development? That's what I love about this show. That's what I want. [laughs] Tonight, category is Sequins on the Runway. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win. ♪ We got a mighty love ♪ [RuPaul] First up, A'Keria C. Davenport. [Tony] She is telling a tail. [RuPaul] Yes, darling. It's a tail and two titties. [all laugh] [A'Keria] I feel strong and sexy. I got this tail 'cause I'm ready to whip these girls right into shape, baby, and right the hell out the door. Get out. [Tony] Me-ow. [Clea] Zoo better work. [all laugh] [RuPaul] Vanessa Vanjie Mateo. Ooh, you glow, girl. [Michelle] Mr. T starter kit. [all laugh] [Vanjie] Baby, I'm serving you superhero. Starting with the cape, I'm giving you body. I'm giving you legs. I'm giving you blonde. Everything's great. Just I know I'm not supposed to be wearing no swimsuit. [RuPaul] Yes, darling, she's very cape-able. [all laugh] [Clea] Gayest superhero ever. [Tony laughs] [RuPaul] Nina West. [Michelle] This is Paul Re-queer. [all laugh] [Nina] I am in love with this look. It is signature Nina, red, white, and blue patriotic eleganzers. [Ross] Well, she's a grand old flag. [RuPaul] Yes, she's headed to the What's the Tee party. [all laugh] [RuPaul] Shuga Cain. [Michelle] This is what we call a flamenc-ho. [all laugh] Ho-lay. [Shuga] I just feel gorgeous. I'm showing all of the tetas in the world. I feel so sexy. And it weighs like 50 pounds. I can barely walk in the bitch, but I will be taking a slow strut on the runway. [RuPaul] I love this dress so much. If I wore this dress, it would be La Isla Boniva. [all laugh] [Ross] #Eggplant. [laughs] [RuPaul] Brooke Lynn Hytes. [Michelle] All right, Pam Queer. -Oh! -Aah! [RuPaul] Oh, my God. Are you kidding me? -Yeah. -What? -How you doing? -Yes, bitch. [RuPaul] You better motherfucking work, bitch. [Brooke Lynn] I fucked up Snatch Game, and it was terrible. And I know I'm getting read to filth for it. So I'm pulling out all the stops. I need to fucking light that runway on fire. -Whoa! -Oh! [Brooke Lynn] RuPaul is gagged. Everyone is gagged. Yes, I did it. [Michelle] I guess blondes really do have more fun. [RuPaul] Oh, yes. She went from Crooklyn to Brooke Lynn. [all laugh] [RuPaul] Yvie Oddly. [Ross] Pantsuit of many colors. -Yes. -David Ho-wie. [all laugh] [Yvie] My sequins might be shiny, but they're also nitty gritty. I'm serving the best Peg Bundy androgynous sixties Barbie. [RuPaul] Oh, I see. This outfit was 25% off. -Ah. -Okay. [Ross] I love a look that really shows off a girl's assets. [RuPaul] Yes. Cheeky devil. Silky Nutmeg Ganache. [Michelle] Why don't you come up and seaweed sometime? [all laugh] [Silky] I am channeling my two favorite divas: Miss Aretha Franklin and Diana Ross. If they had come together to make one big baby, I am truly that. Yes, whore. [RuPaul] Oh, those mountains are definitely high enough. [all laugh] [Michelle] Turquoise for the boys. [all laugh] [RuPaul] Call her Miss Ross. Plastique Tiara. Oh, I love a water feature. [Clea laughs] [Plastique] I'm super excited for this. Sparkling bubbles all over my body. I look like an eel freshly out of water. Feeling gorgeous. [Ross] Icy what she did there. [RuPaul] Mm-hmm. [Michelle] Now where could she be hiding her trident? [all laugh] [RuPaul] Welcome, ladies. I've made some decisions. When I call your name, please step forward. A'Keria C. Davenport. Plastique Tiara. Ladies, you are safe. You may leave the stage. Thank you. Ladies, you represent the tops and bottoms of the week. [RuPaul] Ladies, now it's time for the judges' critiques, starting with Vanessa Vanjie Mateo. I like this look. It's a little Storm from X-Men. Vanjie, leotard and a cape is what it is. At this point, I don't know what else to do. It's just like the same thing again. Is there a lack of creativity here? [Ross] Or is there a look? Is there a brandable thing she's got going on? Yes, and she did that six times already. Now let's talk about the Snatch Game. Now, listen, I've watched so much Danielle Bregoli it's not even funny. You didn't embody her at all. You started out with some weird Muppet voice. What's up, Dr. Phil? And then it just was you. Cash me outside, how 'bout that? The Meryl Streep of drag you are not. Who dat? -Oh, from Devil Wears Prada? -Ding-dong. [Clea] I don't know who the cash me outside girl is really, but you really made me laugh. Thank you. [RuPaul] Up next, Nina West. Your makeup looks lovely tonight. Thank you. It's blended out. Your eyebrows are in a better place. They're thicker. You have that campy look, and it separates you from the other girls. What I noticed watching the Snatch Game is that you made Ru laugh a lot. And then when you switched to Jo Anne Worley, you chose an obscure person who Ru happens to love. So it was a wise choice. And you got some of the ♪ whoos ♪ in there. [laughs] Yeah, I loved your bit with the cards. It was a lot of fun to watch you. When Ru threw a ball your way, you hit back every time. That's how you win Snatch Game. Up next, Shuga Cain, in one of my favorite dresses to ever walk down this runway. Thank you. That eggplant color is just gorgeous on you. Aah! I mean, I'm allergic to eggplant, but I don't care. I'll get an extra EpiPen, because I can't get enough of this dress. Your Snatch Game was really, really fun to watch. You did look exactly like her, you sounded exactly like her. [Michelle] I thought you did a great job. But you could have taken it further. But I thought every time you spoke... I said Mazola. [Ross] It was funny, it was in Charo's voice, and you looked just like her. [RuPaul] Up next, Brooke Lynn Hytes. Wowa-wowa-wowa-wowa. That runway storyline, we were gagging. You gave us Nomi Malone 2019. Yes! [all laugh] [Tony] It's going to probably go down in like RuPaul history of like great reveals. Thank God for that, because we're gonna talk about your Snatch Game. I got the backwards suit, and I think that's where it ended. I just got like a confused realtor maybe from Toronto. What happened? I panicked, and, yeah, I fucked up. Canada called, and they're pissed. [laughs] There is so much fun to be had with Celine Dion. You know, she's so intense about everything. You know, she-- You just made her Italian. Shut up. [all laugh] The accent wasn't there, the jokes weren't there. It was a big letdown, and I'm worried about you. All right, up next, Yvie Oddly. I think you look gorgeous. Like this is such a cool outfit. And I wish that I could pull anything, even one thing that you're wearing off, but I'm too square. That jumpsuit is fantastic. So Ziggy Stardust. I love this hair on you, but that's giving me like sixties girl group. But what I'm getting below is like seventies glam rock. The head up and the head down are giving me two different looks. Let's talk about Snatch Game. Whoopi's a good choice, because we all know Whoopi, and there's a lot there. And you brought none of that. You could have even said, "Ru, you in danger, girl." You could have had some clay and make believe you were doing the pottery. Sister Act, Sister Act, oh, my gosh. Even though I had done my research, I got on that panel and I just like forgot everything. I just think you overthought a narrow part of her, and stuck too hard to that. That was a really big misfire. [RuPaul] All right. Silky Nutmeg Ganache. Tonight on the runway you look beautiful. The moment you opened your mouth yesterday, I was laughing. [Ross] You always look like you're having fun, and that just makes us have so much fun with you. Something that you have that a lot of improv players have, where there's a "yes and" quality, and it's super fun to watch. Technically a couple ha-ha-ha in Snatch Game. You get it. The hair. That wig, girl. Whoo-fa. It was chewed up by dogs. It was dragged down Main Street, USA. Girl. -The 22 inches refers to? -Her hair. Okay. I was a little nervous to ask. [all laugh] But, uh... That would be very long. Well, I don't have a lot of experience with those, so who knows? [all laugh] Thank you, ladies. I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. All right, now just between us squirrel friends, I want to know what you guys think. Vanjie Mateo. I like Vanjie. Every time she spoke, I was thoroughly entertained. She made me laugh, too. Guys, Vanjie will make you laugh just because she's Vanjie. But the Snatch Game, she was Vanjie in a bad red wig. But I don't care. It's like you go to a Julia Roberts movie, and you see Julia Roberts, and you're like, good, 'cause I love Julia Roberts. Vanjie's whole thing is that she's hilarious and authentically Vanjie, and she's bringing that every week. That was not what the challenge is. I love the tension. One day we're just gonna have passionate sex. Yes, you and me, Rossy. On a very special RuPaul's Drag Race. [all laugh] Nina West. Nina just really exudes joy. She's got the opposite of like the person who has a resting bitch face. Don't look at me, because you don't have that. [all laugh] You're full of joy, and I know that. [all laugh] Nina West in the Snatch Game was one of my tops. She had a fully realized character, and not only one, but two. Tonight was a very strong night for Nina West. [RuPaul] Shuga Cain. Shuga Cain with that gorgeous dress. That "merlot she better don't" gown. -Mm-hmm. -Absolutely gorgeous. In terms of Snatch Game, how she sounded was spot-on. Shuga like loves Charo, and you could feel that. [Michelle] She, too, came prepared. But the difference between her and Nina for me was she didn't take it very far. You know, I would have loved to seen her push it further. But Shuga has done very well, and she's emerging in this competition. So it's a good, good night for her. Brooke Lynn Hytes. We're gonna talk about everything that's all coming back to me now. [laughs] There was no Celine in that. It was all wrong. But then the runway happened. [RuPaul] Oh, goodness. Bitch! [RuPaul] That is one for the history books. -Amen. -It was so exciting. But here's the question. With her Snatch Game being so terrible, is this enough to save her from having to lip sync for her life and maybe going home? True. [RuPaul] Yvie Oddly. Yvie's one of my favorites because she's so specifically her. Every week, it's fun to see how she funnels the challenge through her Yvie filter. And usually it works out okay for her. This time, she got in her own way. [Clea] There's something about her that I find very interesting, and she seems like she has a very specific point of view. I don't know that that fully came out in the Snatch Game. She missed almost the entire essence of Whoopi. And after seeing kind of the life and joy of kind of Nina and Silky, it was like, whoo. Worst week yet for Yvie. [RuPaul] The Reverend Dr. Silky Nutmeg Ganache. You want to talk about star quality, that kid's got it. -Mm-hmm. -And Silky's star quality worked for her in the Snatch Game as well. And it was so effortless. She was really living in it. Every time Snatch Game comes around, I look forward to having that patter and sort of volleying with someone, and I was able to do that with our Silky Ganache. -Yes, honey. -Silence. I've made my decision. Bring back my girls! [all laugh] Ru, I want to hear that again. [RuPaul] Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Nina West. You're safe. Thank you. [RuPaul] Shuga Cain. You're safe. Silky Nutmeg Ganache. Tonight, Ts stands for Top Snatch. Con-drag-ulations, you are the winner of this week's challenge. [applause] You've won a $5.000 gift certificate from Vacaya, which you could use for a fabulous LGBT+ vacation. Thank you. You may join the other girls. Thank you. God bless you. I am stepping over Miss Yvie Oddly with my $5.000. How you doing? Brooke Lynn Hytes, on the runway, you are queen of the world. But your Celine Dion was a Titanic disaster. I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. Yvie Oddly, after that Whoopi Goldberg impersonation, you in danger, girl. Vanessa Vanjie Mateo, your bad baby was a problem, child. Vanjie... You're safe. [RuPaul] Yvie, I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. The bitch who called me talentless is in the bottom. [laughs] The bottom looks nice on you, bitch. Two queens stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come... [thunder] for you to lip sync... [echoing] for your life! I'm a fighter. I'm not going to just die off gently. I really need to turn this out. This bitch is not sending me home. Good luck, and don't fuck it up. [music plays] ♪ Now I'm out here looking like revenge ♪ ♪ Feeling like a 10, the best I ever been ♪ ♪ And, yeah, I know how bad it must hurt ♪ ♪ To see me like this, but it gets worse ♪ ♪ Wait a minute ♪ ♪ Now you're out here looking like regret ♪ ♪ Ain't too proud to beg ♪ ♪ Second chance you'll never get ♪ ♪ And, yeah, I know how bad it must hurt ♪ ♪ To see me like this ♪ ♪ But it gets worse ♪ ♪ Wait a minute ♪ ♪ Now payback is a bad bitch ♪ ♪ And baby, I'm the baddest ♪ ♪ You playing with a savage ♪ ♪ Can't have this, can't have this ♪ ♪ Ahh ♪ ♪ And it'd be nice of me ♪ ♪ To take it easy on ya, but nah ♪ ♪ Baby, I'm sorry ♪ ♪ I'm not sorry ♪ ♪ Baby, I'm sorry ♪ ♪ I'm not sorry ♪ ♪ Feeling inspired 'cause the tables have turned ♪ ♪ Wait a minute ♪ ♪ Now payback is a bad bitch ♪ ♪ And, baby, I'm the baddest ♪ ♪ You playing with a savage ♪ ♪ Can't have this, can't have this ♪ ♪ Ahh ♪ ♪ And it'd be nice of me ♪ ♪ To take it easy on ya, but nah ♪ ♪ Baby, I'm sorry ♪ ♪ I'm not sorry ♪ ♪ Baby, I'm sorry ♪ ♪ I'm not sorry ♪ ♪ Being so bad got me feeling so good ♪ ♪ Showing you up... ♪ I'm living. Come on, Cirque du Soleil. ♪ Talk that talk, baby ♪ ♪ Better walk, better walk that walk, baby ♪ ♪ If you talk, if you talk that talk, baby ♪ ♪ Better walk, better walk that walk, baby ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ ♪ Talk that talk, baby ♪ ♪ Better walk, better walk that walk, baby ♪ ♪ If you talk, if you talk that talk, baby ♪ ♪ Better walk, better walk that walk, baby ♪ ♪ Baby, I'm sorry ♪ ♪ I'm not sorry ♪ ♪ Baby, I'm sorry ♪ ♪ I'm not sorry ♪ ♪ Feeling inspired 'cause the tables have turned ♪ ♪ Yeah, I'm on fire and I know that it burns ♪ ♪ Baby, I'm sorry ♪ [RuPaul laughs] [cheers and applause] Ladies, I've made my decision. Shantay, you both stay. [applause] [Vanjie] Yes! [cheers and applause] [Shuga] That's right. [laughs] ♪ We both safe, we both safe, uh-uh-uh ♪ Sorry, not sorry. [all laugh] And ladies, you in the back, I hope you're taking notes. We got a couple of lip sync assassins in our presence. No one is safe. Con-drag-ulations, ladies. Now, remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an amen up in here? -Amen. -Now let the music play. ♪ To, to, to, to the moon ♪ ♪ To the moon ♪ ♪ To the moon ♪ ♪ Come on and take me away ♪ ♪ To, to, to, to the moon ♪ [RuPaul] Next time on RuPaul's Drag Race... You'll be starring in LADP. We got a 169 at the Tuckahoe Trailer Park. -Okay. -It's showtime. [siren] Get her. Ma'am, ma'am. Oh, you feel so good. Oh! You're like a very sexy robot. You were giving me everything. You didn't give a shit. The pressure is definitely on. I don't give a fuck. ♪ To, to, to, to, to, to, to, to the moon ♪ ♪ To the moon ♪ ♪ To the moon ♪ ♪ Come on and take me away ♪ ♪ To, to, to, to the moon ♪ ♪ To the moon ♪ ♪ To the moon ♪ ♪ Come on and take me away ♪ ♪ To, to, to, to the moon ♪ ♪ To the moon ♪ ♪ To the moon ♪ ♪ Come on and take me away ♪ ♪ To, to, to, to the moon ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 