RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 13, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 RuPaul's Drag Race 
 s13e10 - Snatch Game - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 RuPaul's Drag Race (2009–…): Season 13, Episode 10 - Snatch Game - full transcript 
 The queens compete in the legendary Snatch Game. Mean Girls co-stars Jonathan Bennett and Daniel Franzese guest judge. Drag queen Miss Vanjie makes a guest appearance. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on RuPaul's Drag Race... You'll be singing in Social the Unverified Rusical. ♪ Don't say what I can post, you know I'm stunning ♪ ♪ So just cancel your plans to troll on my crusade ♪ Symone. I was so disappointed. - Your commitment level was down. - Kandy Muse. You weren't looking at the cameras, you were looking at the floor. - Rosé. - You killed it. You are the winner of this week's challenge. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Symone, shantay you stay. Kandy Muse, sashay away. Kandy, Kandy, wait. I'm not ready for you to go. You are safe to slay another day. Oh, my God. There ain't too many double shantays on this show, okay? And me and Kandy got one of them. We're all here! I am so happy we're sisters. I didn't wanna have to send her home. I'm happy that RuPaul saw what she needed to see on the main stage to keep us both here. Kandy, how do you feel? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Being in the bottom two is one thing. Being told sashay away, saying your goodbyes, turning around, seeing the whole cast is the most gut-wrenching feeling ever. My heart was crushed and my dreams were shattered, and I just felt so in that moment, like, I wanted the world to swallow me. Never would I have imagined RuPaul saving my ass from elimination. I'm just grateful to be here. And, like, now there's a fire under my ass, because Ru's like, okay, bitch, I didn't send you home, so get it the fuck together. If she can believe in me, I can believe in myself that I can fight, fight, fight, and make it to the very end of this competition. No one comes in here to be in the bottom, and it just, like, to listen to the judges just be like, you know, we expected the most from you. It was unlike you, because you're the consummate pro. It was just, like, aah! And the other thing is, too, is, like, to be there with Symone and Kandy, for us three to be in the bottom together, what the fuck? This was the first week that the three bottoms were all from the winner's circle. And I thought, okay, we're finally breaking out of this winners and losers fight. However, nobody went home, so that sucks. And how about Miss Rosita? You guys, I finally won something! I came into this competition thinking that I was going to slay off the bat, and... ♪ I didn't ♪ So it's wonderful to have won doing something that is such a huge part of me. This week was a shocker for all of us. And it really, like, it's shaken the shit up in this fucking competition, because now, either multiple girls go home, two girls go home next. You never fucking know what's gonna happen. I mean, we said it before. Like, it's anybody's game. And now it just feels like it is fucking anybody's game. What we about to do next? We don't know. - We don't know. - It's gonna be crazy. I know what I'm gonna do next. I'm getting outta drag. The Winner's Circle is dead. But between us, baby, the Winner's Circle was never a thing, because I was not a part of it. And I guarantee you, I'm gonna fucking make it to the top four, so... Bitches beware. The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race receives a one-year supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics and a cash prize of $100.000. With extra-special guest judge Ts Madison. ♪ RuPaul's Drag Race ♪ ♪ May the best woman ♪ ♪ Best woman win ♪ It's a beautiful day. It's a brand-new day, and all the queens seem to be really happy that I'm still here. But I'm sure internally, they are over the fact that there are still nine girls. But I don't give a shit because I'm ready to prove why I need to make it to the end of this competition. Hello, hello, hello. You look stunning. You know, today when I go to work, I get to wear beautiful suits like this one from Klein Epstein Parker. They're made to measure, and I just love them. But it wasn't always that way. In my eighties punk band, the Wee Wee Pole, we got drag using whatever we could get our hands on. Now it's your turn. - Okay. - Oh, no. For today's mini-challenge, you'll be auditioning for the new band, The Panty Hos. Using tights and leggings provided by Snag Tights, you have 20 minutes to get into quick punk drag and prove how far you're able to rock out. On your mark, get set... anarchy! Oh, you nasty bitches! Bitch, you look Adore Delano. Oh, my God. Auditions for the Panty Hos start right now. Are you all ready to rock? Whoo. Hit it! ♪ Hey, ho ♪ ♪ Hey, ho ♪ ♪ Come on, let me see you rock this town ♪ ♪ With you all now ♪ ♪ Rock it, baby, rock it, baby ♪ ♪ Come on, let me see you tear it down ♪ ♪ With you all now ♪ ♪ Yeah, rock it, baby ♪ ♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪ Oh, she got some punk in that trunk. How's your head... wig? ♪ Come on, let me see you rock this town ♪ ♪ With you all now ♪ ♪ Rock it, baby, rock it, baby ♪ ♪ Come on, let me see you tear it down... ♪ I think I can see her sex pistol. ♪ Yeah, yeah, rock it, baby ♪ One more time! ♪ Come on, let me see you rock this town ♪ ♪ With you all now ♪ ♪ Yeah, rock it, baby ♪ ♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪ ♪ Now we're gonna spell it out ♪ Wow, God shave the queen! The winner of today's mini-challenge is... Tina Burner! Con-drag-ulations. You've won a cash prize of $2.500. - Werk! - Werk! Courtesy of Snag Tights. Okay, my queens, enough punking around. For this week's maxi-challenge, the time has come to put your money where your snatch is. Oh? Mm-hmm, that's right. We're playing the Snatch Game! Yes! The Snatch Game is truly the pinnacle of Drag Race, baby. You are judged for the rest of your career on how you did on Snatch Game, okay? Create a celebrity impersonation, bring them to the Snatch Game, and make us laugh. Right, yes! Racers, start your engines, and may the best drag queen win. - Whoo! - It's finally here! Getting up in drag and doing the Snatch Game! Snatch Game day, it is that challenge that really shows, okay, these are the frontrunners, and these girls are gonna be left in the dust. All this pink. Okay, well, wait. Instead of a wig, this is more of a turban. Oh, I know, Patrick Starrr. Patrick Starrr. Those of you bitches who don't know who Patrick Starrr is, Patrick Starrr is a makeup mogul. She's everything. Who are you doing? I'm doing Jonathan van Ness from Queer Eye. - Yes! - Oh! Everyone's, like, all male characters, but she kind of borderlines all sorts of different gender spectrums. Utica, what you gonna do with them squirrels over there? Bob Ross? Bob Ross? You're kidding. Bob Ross is this wonderful painter with a crazy afro. He is someone that I could really shine my personality through. - Aah! - What is it supposed to be? It's an afro. And you made it out of squirrels? Yeah! You are a dumb bitch. You are so dumb. What in the world! Yeah, girl, I can't wear an afro, so make one. Make one. It is, to me, an interesting choice. He's a white guy. I mean, that was his hair. - Ooh! - Who are you? Paris Hilton. I got my little dog. I have little diamond baby diva bitch angel. I'm doing Paris Hilton for Snatch Game. I think I can bring a drag element to her vibe. But I've never really done-done a celebrity impersonation before, so we'll see. Rosé, who are you? This is Mary, Queen of Scots. Who? Mary, Queen of Scots. What the fuck is that? She is the queen who reclaimed Scotland, and then she had her head cut off because she was a little bitch to the English queen, so... I was born in Scotland. I think this is a fun way to incorporate my heritage and show off not only some acting chops but a little intelligence, because mama's done her homework. Can you say my name in your accent? Gottmik. Can you say mine? Denali. Oh, that's good! Baby, I don't know who the fuck Mary, Queen of Scots is, but Rosé has this funny-ass Ireland accent... Ireland accent? That's not a thing. Irish accent. Oh. Hi-ee. - Hi! - Aah! I'm here to investigate nine cases of identity theft. - Oh! - Oh, no! Criminals up in this bitch. Elliott, come on down. Hello. So you got a kaftan and a little short wig. Are you Anne Bancroft? No, I'm a Southern debutante with a little bit of a sexual side. - Oh, you're Rue McClanahan. - Yes. Are you a big Golden Girls fan? It's something that I really got into once I got together with my fiancé. He watches it every night before he goes to sleep. Bitch, the Golden Girls are hard. Golden Girls are fucking hard. Baby, Golden Girls is territory you don't touch unless you really know how to do it. That is, like, a gay no-no, baby. I have seen every episode of the Golden Girls, and this is no lie, at least 25 times. And I'm now getting up there watching it every night. So if there's a misstep or if in my mind I go, ooh, that's not really Rue McClanahan, you know, it's gonna stick out in my head. Yeah. So you got a tall order here. Yeah, no, and I'm up to the challenge, because I feel like because it's such a risk, it could be a huge payoff. Historically in Snatch Game, the girls who took a risk are usually the ones who stand out. You're not gonna get anywhere in life just playing it safe. All right, kiddo, make me laugh. - Thank you. - All right. All right, Symone Symone-yay. Whoo, chile. Ooh, lemme get this lantern over here. You're not Sojourner Truth, are you? No. Close! Close. You are Harriet Tubman. That's where we're going. Now, what made you decide to do Harriet Tubman? I wanted to do a character out of the box, something that people wouldn't expect to see. Are you afraid that it may be offensive to certain people? I understand how it could be offensive, and I have obviously thought about that. But I don't wanna let that stop me from doing it, and if it does offend or if it does make people uncomfortable, then good. Yeah. As drag queens, we get to parody and satire and do things, you know, that some people just don't really understand. Mm-hmm. Harriet Tubman is a cultural icon, especially in the Black community. In this moment, it's needed/important. I'm excited to showcase this powerful Black woman. If it makes people uncomfortable, and it if it at least starts a conversation, then I did my job. - We love Harriet Tubman. - Yes, we do. - She's a bad bitch. - She's a badass bitch. - Yeah, love her. - Can't keep 'em down. But don't let your reverence for her stop you from being funny. Yeah. Because we've had girls say, well, I love Gaga and I love Christina, I love them so much, I didn't wanna make fun of them. It's like, what the fuck you doing here, bitch? That's not a fear I have. I want to make the naysayers that are nervous be like, oh, bitch. All right. Well, take your lamp and take your durag and your shawl and go free somebody! Thank you, Miss Ru. All right, Utica, come on over. Oh, sweet Lord, you got a headful of squirrels. - You know it. - My goodness. And that is a blouse of someone who paints. Yes. The only person I know that paints is kinda like Bob Ross. - Mm-hmm. - You're gonna do Bob Ross? But Bob Ross doesn't have squirrels on his head, does he? No, he does not have squirrels on his head. So I don't feel it's appropriate to wear an afro, so I made my own. Oh, okay. I think this is a really fun, creative take on him without appropriating it. You think people are gonna get on your case for wearing an afro? - Absolutely. - Ahh. Because you know, white folks have afros, too. - They do. - Yeah, Bob Ross. Yes, but I feel like it has to be as natural, as accurate as possible. As accurate... because the squirrels are really accurate. What makes Bob Ross funny? So Bob Ross is the original ASMR. He's, like, so incredibly mesmerizing. Huh. I'm just worried that what you're presenting is too intellectual to be funny. Snatch Game moves very fast, and you know, it's, like, volley. You know, boop, boop, boop. I do feel like my sense of humor runs at a little bit of a slower pace. That's why I'm drawn to Bob Ross. I think I could bring out my own humor with his melodic quiet. Usually, melodic quiet is a death knell in Snatch Game. I'm just gonna put it out there. I am maybe one of the biggest Bob Ross fans of life. I probably watch Bob Ross episodes every day, just because it calms me out. But you don't want someone that calms you down and makes you fall asleep for Snatch Game. Make it motherfucking funny, bitch. You know it, RuPaul. Ru is concerned about the squirrels, and she is concerned that I can make Bob Ross funny. But I am coming from a place of being more artistic and more creative, and I think my humor really comes out when I'm performing. I wanna prove RuPaul wrong. All right, feel the burn. - Burn it up? - Burn it up. Burn it to the ground. I ain't gonna lie. I'm gonna put my diaper on, because every time Ru's talked to me, I'm about to shit my pants. Okay, I see your signature colors there. - Who are you doing? - Richard Simmons. - Richard Simmons. - Yeah. Richard Simmons has brought so much joy. It was a toss-up to do this or, like, Jennifer Coolidge. We've had a lot of people, on their audition, do Jennifer Coolidge. God, I'm glad you like it. I don't remember yours, which is probably why you should do Richard Simmons. Well... Richard Simmons it is! Can I hear some of your Richard Simmons? I mean, he's just, like, "Hi, hi, come dance with me!" Like, it's very, like, high up there. Yeah. Do you consider yourself a funny person? I mean, sometimes, yeah, I'd hope so. I'm really good at making myself laugh. Well, you have to focus on making me laugh. Wait, no, no, that's what I was gonna say. I love Tina so much, but that bitch gets in her head. And it's so weird, because back at home she's, like, one of the top girls in New York. Please make me laugh. I hope I do that. For some reason in this competition, she cannot get out of her inner saboteur. Come on down, Olivia. You got real fruit. I see a flowery blouse and a really curly wig there. I have no idea who you could possibly be. It's someone you're entertained by, clearly. I'm playing a woman. Her name's Tabitha Brown. Tabitha Brown. She's not a famous person. Insert the rattlesnakes right here. Child... Tell me about Tabitha Brown. She's super fun. She's a vegan chef on Instagram. But she's also kinda, like, a pseudo, like, life coach. I can see in your eyes that you're really excited about her. I'm not so convinced. Your job is to make me as excited about Tabitha Brown as you're excited about Tabitha Brown. I mean, how are you gonna do that? Winning the improv challenge meant a lot to me, and it, like, proved to me that, okay, I could, like, kinda do this. But your character in the improv had an objective, and it had an obstacle that you had to overcome, and that gave us enough story to be interested in what you were doing. And so the same goes for Tabitha Brown. Does your character want us all to be vegan? Is she secretly eating sausages? Just fill in the blanks and make me laugh, okay? Sounds like a plan. Yes. This can go one of two ways. You can make up whatever the fuck you want and make RuPaul laugh, or you're gonna get stuck into trying to teach everyone who this person is, and it'll be flat as hell. All right, listen up, queens. In a few moments you'll be heading to the Snatch Game set. So good luck, and don't fuck it up. See you in a minute. Thank you! Bitch, are you eating your props? You got another one up in there? I live. Welcome to Snatch Game! Allow me to introduce tonight's contestants. Our first contestant likes to toot, boot, and shoot. Welcome, Raven. Raven, are you feeling lucky? I never win here, so, no, I'm not feeling lucky. Our next guest enjoys winning pageants and being world-famous. Please welcome Victoria Porkchop Parker. Where is... where is Porkchop? I'm hearing she's running late. Wait. Wait. Oh, well, here she comes. Hi, Porkchop! I'm so sorry, I had to go get my COVID test. I thought you were at Golden Corral, girl. Well, I stopped there, too, but don't tell anyone. Are you ready to meet our stars? First up, it is my honor to introduce the legendary abolitionist Harriet Tubman. Harriet... Is Harr... oh. Harriet Tubman. Hi, Harriet Tubman. Mm-hmm. I see all this room full of white people up in here, and I got nervous. Yeah, well, I can understand that. When you hear 'em comin', you gotta get low. Yes, but you've evaded the white folks for a long time. I evaded them for years on the Underground Railroad, honey. But here for Snatch Game, baby. Yes, it's all for a good cause. It's all for a good cause: freedom! Next, she's a businesswoman, socialite, and deejay. Please welcome Paris Hilton. Hey, Ru, how's it going? Just lemme know when the cameras are rolling, and we'll kill it. Well, we've started. The cameras are rolling. Oh, fuck, that's so embarrassing. I'm so happy to be here. My goodness, your voice changed just then, when you found out that we were on camera. You're so obsessed with me and everything. I kinda am obsessed with you. Oh, my God, you're so hot. Raven, this feel familiar at all? You know what? I played it safe that time, so let's hope you're not doing the same. I saw that on TV. That was fucking rude. Next, snatched from the pages of herstory, it's Mary, Queen of Scots. Hello, RuPaul, how's it going, man? You're looking fucking great, seriously. Tell me, Queen, how's your head? Lots of complaints, but I can't remember most of it. You know what they say. Go underground for a few years, you're probably gonna... check I say that all the time. Up next, the one and only Richard Simmons. Hi! Hi! Hi, RuPaul! Now, we haven't seen you in a long time. Where have you been? Shh, my housekeeper's around. She's holding me hostage. Oh, is there anything we can do to help you at all? You can just work out a little more to keep the country laughing and smiling! All right, up next, it's makeup mogul Patrick Starrr. What's the tea, honey bee? Patrick, is it true one size fits all? Bitch, one size fits most, bitch. I love to eat, you're not gonna fit in some shit. What do you love to eat? Bitch, I love to eat dick and hot dogs. Come on, bitch. All right, next, she is America's favorite vegan mom. Please welcome Tabitha Brown. Hi, Ru. Is that vegan? It absolutely is, and I've been vegan now for four months. For just four months? Four months. Do you ever get cravings for meat? Do you ever get cravings for meat? Absolutely. That's my answer too, Ru. From Queer Eye, it's Jonathan Van Ness. Hi, Jonathan. Hi, gorgeous seashell flower monkey honey bunches of love. It is so good to be here, henny! Whoo! Oh, my God, your hair is so gorgeous. What's the secret to keeping your hair silky smooth? Praying to the gay Jesus himself: me! Next, we've got TV's Golden Girl Rue McClanahan. Hi, Rue! Well, hello there, Mr. RuPaul. Hey, listen, how do you stay so gorgeous? Oh, its just, you know, the good company of a gentle man. Do you have a type? Men. Is there a type of man that you like? Men. Okay. Well, Rue, we are happy to have you here. All right, next, painter and TV icon Bob Ross. Hi there, RuPaul, I'm Bob Ross, and welcome to the joy of Snatch Game. Hey, what are you painting over there? I'm painting many, many things I only know how to paint. What is that? That's a... Environment. I painted this environment. That's really pretty. I painted this environment. Oh, my goodness, that's gorgeous. And I wanted to switch things up, and I put this on the paper here, and it's a environment. No, that is not Bob Ross's voice at all. Like, I'm not falling asleep to that. All right, stars, are you ready to play the game? - Let's do it! - Come on, bitch, bring it on! Holy shit, like, we're about to do the fucking Snatch Game. Aah! Welcome to Snatch Game. All right, I ask a question, and you give an answer that you think will match our celebrities. All right, our first question is for Raven. Cancel culture is out of control. Last week, Winnie the Pooh got canceled for blanking in the forest. We're gonna get some answers from our celebrities over here. All right, Raven, what say you? I believe Winnie the Pooh would have been canceled for scatting in the forest. For scatting in the... Like Ella Fitzgerald. - ♪ Bee-da-bop-da-doo-bop ♪ - Yes. That's right! Let's go to the celebrities and see if you have any matches, Raven. What say you, Paris? I was on a flight back from Ibiza yesterday, and... That's in Spain, right? I think. I just go to sleep, take a couple pills, wake up and deejay. What songs do you like to play when you're deejaying? I honestly just press play and hope for the best. There was a girl, Winnie, on my flight, and I mentally canceled her because she smelled insane. And so I wrote "smelling." Two words to describe who's killing it: it's hot. Thank you, Paris. All right, let's move on down to Patrick Starrr. - Ru, I'm pissed. - Why? Because you said Porkchop was late. Now, bitch, I'm hungry, so I thought you meant the pork chops were late. This bitch done walked up in here, now I ain't got no food. Now, listen, we are looking for scatting. What say you? I think that Winnie the Pooh got canceled for sniffing... the environment, of course. I have a few influencer friends who sniff the environment every weekend, one being up here, Miss Paris Hilton. After a few sniffs, bitch, they gonna be scatting. Can I get some of this? Oh, absolutely. I was just gonna mention, do you wanna become a vegan, too? That's an enthusiastic vegan. That's an enthusiastic vegan, I'll tell you. All right, Mary, Queen of Scots. Ooh, Mary. Back in my day, I guess I got canceled as well. When I went down to England to try and overtake the throne, and Queen Lizzie, my cousin, she was really pissed at me, so she cut my head off. So I wrote he got canceled for being a greedy bastard. One point for the team, right? Oh... Rosé has this accent that you can barely understand anything she's fucking saying. It's hilarious, but you might as well call it the Kandy Muse accent. Do you know what I'm talking about? Let's go on down to Tabitha Brown. We are looking for scatting. What say you? I came up with shouting. I think recently we've just been so loud. Why can't we be, you know, just a little quieter? You know, I've recently gotten into ASMR. Oh, ASMR stands for what? As, uh... as much as you can be not loud. Okay, all right. Imma gonna do cricket song. All right, let's move on down to Richard Simmons. Winnie the Pooh got canceled for blanking in the forest. What say you? Well, RuPaul, he's been doing a lot in the forest, but he got canceled for jogging! For jogging in the forest. Yeah, he's been jogging. We taught him a new exercise routine. Would you like to try it with us? - Well, let's see it, yeah. - It's called the Owl. You wanna do it with me? And then we did the Tigger. Ooh, what did she just call me? Rue McClanahan, what say you? Well, I said Miss Winnie the Pooh was canceled for enjoying the company of a gentleman friend. For enjoying the company of a gentleman friend. Yes. I love gentlemen. Okay, all right, Rue. Elliott, Rue McClanahan, RuPaul loves her. You gotta do more. Bring more, amp it up. Come on, this is the Snatch Game, girl! Well, Raven, there are no matches there. Are you trying to lose this game, Raven? No, I just don't give a fuck. All right, so let's go to Porkchop for our next question. - Porkchop, you ready to play? - I hope. All right, listen to this question. When it gets super hot in Palm Springs, Ross Mathews fries his eggs on blank. Celebrities, get to writing. Are the celebrities ready? Oh, okay, it looks like Harriet Tubman is validating some parking. Harriet, do you have a stamp? Lemme tell you what they done did to me up in this motherfucking country. - Oh, what have they done? - Okay, they done told me I was gonna be put on the $20 bill. And then this motherfucker got in office and said, oh, we gonna snatch that. - So you know what I did? - What? I just put myself on a $100 bill. How about that, bitch? Harriet Tubman, she keeps it 100. Okay, all right. Porkchop, when it gets super hot in Palm Springs, Ross Mathews fries his eggs on blank. Carson Kressley. Ooh! Let's go to Jonathan Van Ness. I've heard of this Carson Kressley character. That's right, he's original fab five. Right, let's just say I'm his replacement, a little younger, a little more supple. Ross Mathews fries his eggs on what? Now, the only thing hotter than Palm Springs is our resident culinary expert Antoni. So I wrote Antoni's ass cheeks. Hey, so, do you have a type? I do have a thing for men with the kind of beards that say hold me in your arms until all the pain goes away, but also, power drills are on aisle seven, henny, yes. Rue McClanahan, what do you think Ross Mathews fries his eggs on? Well, I said just out on the lanai. I just love eating on the lanai, Ru. Yes. I love spending company with many, many, many, many, many men out on the lanai. I like this Antoni gentleman. You said he has, you know, a really nice butt you could eat breakfast on? Great assets. Turn him over, and you could make a Benedict. Let's move on down to Harriet Tubman. Who would you have portray you in the movie of your life? Jennifer Lewis, maybe? Yes, Jennifer Lewis. You know the white people, they always think they can do every goddamn thing, so let her go. Well, Jennifer Lewis is not white. Jennifer Lewis! Not Jennifer Lawrence! No, no, not Jennifer Lawrence. Oh, I done got my Jennifers mixed up. Symone, I hope you know Jennifer Lewis is coming for that ass. All right, well, let's move on down to Bob Ross. Ross Mathews fries his eggs on... So when I was thinking about this question, I thought about his undies. His undies? And the color of those little hot-diggity-dogs that are down there. And it really reminded me of my favorite color, so I just said... Okay. You wanna taste it? It tastes delicious. This tastes delicious. Oh. Oh, dear. Oh, okay. I'm looking at you, Carson. Uh-huh, all right. You know, maybe I didn't watch enough Bob Ross, but Utica's eating paint. All right, let's go to our next question. This one is for Raven. Last night, Michelle Visage cheated on her vegan diet. She missed the taste of blank. All right, Raven, she missed the taste of... Porkchop. All right, Raven, we're gonna go to the celebrities and see if you match any of them. We have an esteemed group of celebrities here. I like Vicki Lawrence a lot. Oh, I'm sorry, it's Richard! Oh, my goodness, Richard, that's gotta hurt. No, I've been exercising my whole life. Oh, my goodness. All right, let's go to Paris Hilton. Now, I venture to say you've never had pork chops before. I have not, but my sister just married a Rothschild, so I'm the poor sister now. Last night, Michelle Visage cheated on her vegan diet. She missed the taste of... I'm gonna stick with what I know here to be safe, and so I wrote huge cock. Sticking with what we know. All right, not a match for Raven. I'm not good at this, Ru. I'm hungover. All right, let's move on down to Tabitha Brown. I miss... or Michelle Visage misses the barbeque ribs. Barbeque ribs. I do know a great vegan barbeque rib recipe. What is that? Okay. You take some tofu and some garlic powder, and roll it in some seaweed and put it in the oven for about, mm, 320 degrees. - Yeah. - Right. And then you take it out of the oven and you throw it in the trash and order you some real barbeque ribs. Some real barbeque ribs. Uh-huh. Okay. Let's go to Harriet Tubman. Now, Harriet Tubman Michele Visage cheated on her vegan diet. She missed the taste of... I was over here listening to your question, and I said, this is a nosey-ass, bald-headed motherfucker. Uh-huh. So I said pork chops, chitlins, and hamhocks. Aah! Hey! We got a match! Let's move on down to Mary, Queen of Scots. We are looking for Porkchop. What say you? Right, so I said that Michelle Visage cheated on her vegan diet because she missed the taste of anything that isn't this shitty apple this vegan bitch down here gave me, for fuck's sake. Okay. Well, very good answer. Not a match. All right, let's move on down to Bob Ross. You're painting your face, Bob Ross. I ran outta cards, and so I started using my face. Oh, why not? We are looking for Porkchop. What say you, Bob Ross? So I said happy little pork chop! Oh, my goodness! Unfortunately, I don't think she's little, but a happy, happy pork chop. Well, that's another point for Raven. Well, I'm hearing that time is up. The winner of Snatch Game is... Victoria Porkchop Parker! Oh, wow, well done! Say good night, stars! - Good night, henny! - Good night. It's runway day! It is elimination day. I made it through Snatch Game. I feel so accomplished, and I'm so happy it's over. Snatch Game was the challenge for me that I felt like this is gonna be my biggest obstacle. But, like, after it, I feel really good at what I did. I'm really proud. I think that some of the girls are very confident, and also a little delusional. How do you feel about your Snatch Game? I was having a lot of fun. A lot of my jokes I think were funny to me, but maybe they weren't to RuPaul. I love Utica and everything like that, but that performance? Girl... Floppiana. I'm thinking that Olivia might be in trouble. Just because, like, the character is difficult. Like, an unknown character. That's odd. After the Snatch Game, I spoke with Utica when no cameras were around, and she said that I did great. I hear y'all, and y'all got real quiet. Fabs, Olivia. I just overheard my name, and I'm right here, so that's all. We were talking about people who we possibly see in trouble. And I expressed saying that Olivia could possibly be in trouble. We chatted a little after, and it sounded like certain things that weren't said earlier, that's all. - Ooh. - Okay. Divalicious divas coming out, coming out, coming out. I'm not surprised Olivia's confronting Utica, because it's about time that little diva turtle took its head out of its shell and snapped back. That banana, though, saved you. I don't think the banana saved me, honey. I think my humor saved me. Now she feels that we are talking behind her back, and that it's a problem, and bah and duh. But girl, if I'm comparing everyone together, you did a bad job. Does anyone's family go watch them in drag? Yeah, my mom did. I was such a shy kid, and the first time she came, she was, like, oh, my God, who the hell is that? Where did that come from? And I was like, I don't know. I've been holding it in this entire time. I'm really blessed, because my grandfather in his eighties literally came to the gay bar in the middle of the night on his walker to come watch me do amateur shows. Oh, my God! I will never forget seeing him in the front row to watch me just be a ho in a leotard. It was, like, family time, but make it ho. That's so cool. I'm just, like... Oh, that's so cool. I remember when I started doing drag, I went back home to Houston and I did a guest spot at a brunch, and my parents came. I sang live. My dad, I remember I looked down as I was singing, and he had tears in his eyes. And it was really, really touching. My parents have never seen me in drag. - Really? - Yeah, they've never seen it. It kind of was that thing where they're, like... They kind of pretend it doesn't exist. Oh, I hate to hear that, Denali. I know, it sucks, but I think they'll come around to it one day. My mom still sees drag as, like, a bedroom thing. She thinks it's like a kink. I don't know, I don't really know exactly what it is, but I don't know if she respects it as an art form yet. I even told them about this, and they were like, okay. Like, they don't know how extremely rare this opportunity is. I really hope that, like, me being on the show can open up my mom's eyes to her really understanding that it's a sport just like figure skating was. She was so supportive of my figure skating, so I'm hoping that she can come around and be as supportive of my new favorite sport. I always tell this to, like, people who don't have a supporting blood family. Like, your chosen family is that for you. I have such a great chosen family in Chicago, and they do nothing but support me and help me get ready for this, and I love them and I miss them so much. I didn't choose y'all, but now we... Now we are our chosen family. ♪ Cover girl, put the bass in your walk ♪ ♪ Head to toe, let your whole body talk ♪ And what? Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race. Often imitated but never duplicated, Michelle Visage. I'm the real deal, baby. Well, most of me. I'm glad you said it and I didn't have to. Style superstar Carson Kressley. Now, you were a hot topic on Snatch Game. Oh, really? Yes. Were your ears burning? No, it was actually a little lower, but there's a cream for that. There certainly is. And social media maven Ts Madison. Now, you were impersonated on Snatch Game Season 11. By Silky Nutmeg Ganache. You ain't rocking 22 inches, you practically bald, bitch! - I got one thing to say, Ru. - What? New wigs, new wigs, 22 inches, yes! This week we challenged our queens to snatch our attention with their best celebrity impersonations. And tonight on the runway, category is Fascinating Fascinators. Racers, start your engines, and may the best drag queen win. ♪ Bring back my girls ♪ First up, Olivia Lux. This girl is poison. Mercury poison. I am a mad scientist with a full patent leather lab coat. My chemical experiment just went crazy, and it goes up to this liquid mercury fascinator. I'm really excited to give the judges a kooky, dark side. She blinded me with science. Rosé. Dress by Miracle Gro. I am donning the most enormous rose on my head. Yes, I'm a delicate flower, but I'm studded with thorns. Underneath the soft floral fantasy is a huge prick. Rosebud. Utica. Oh, I didn't ant-icipate this look. My fascinator is a picnic basket with little bees coming out of it. And I am rocking this asymmetrical vibes, and these ants that are made of buttons crawling up my boots, they're disrupting my picnic! Eek, ooh, bye! She loves pic-a-nic baskets! - Was that your Yogi Bear? - Mm-hmm. Hey, hey, Booboo! Symone-Symone-yay. Ooh. Hello, goddess. I really wanted to take this opportunity to do some activism in my drag and personify that Black angelic being. - Oh! - And as I turn around, you see on the back there are two bullet holes. And I put my hands up. Don't shoot. It's not a moment, it is a movement. We need to continue to say their names. Breonna Taylor, George Floyd, Brayla Stone, Trayvon Martin, Tony McDade, Nina Pop, Monika Diamond. - Now, that's a statement piece. - Yes, baby. Gottmik. That's gotta hurt. This week's one of the first times on this runway where it is 100% me. I have my signature clown white facepaint back in action, and a giant fucking safety pin stabbing right through my brain, with Swarovski blood dripping down. I'm a punk rock George, gorg. Punk's not dead! Denali. Oh, she's really on a roll. Always bring condiments. I am rolling down the runway as I do best, serving you vintage diner girl realness. She is trying to, ooh, take every order she can, and balance this coffee on her head, and I am owning my skates on this runway better than I did day one. She likes a little ketchup on her frank. And her Larry. Elliott With 2 Ts. I like that she feathered her hair. Yes, she did. Well, that's back in again. My fascinating fascinator is giving you an asymmetrical, one-legged catsuit with a gorgeous Philip Treacy-inspired feathered fascinator, full flamingo fantasy. You betta flamin-go, girl. Tina Burner! She already done had horses. I'm serving full horse experience. We got the horse head on a saddle, the Winner's Circle roses on my collar. I even have my riding boots on. I'm about to spank these bitches with my horse realness. She found that hat in her bed. Oh, no! Kandy Muse. She's also feathered her hair. - It is a trend. - Uh-huh. For this look, I just thought to myself, what are you always thinking about in your head? Yourself. So the fascinator on top of my head in feathers Muse. I am walking down the runway like I am in a fucking fashion show in Paris, baby. Ain't no grey areas in that, baby. - It's just black and white. - That's right. This bitch is layered. Welcome, queens. I've made some decisions. When I call your name, please step forward. Symone. Tina Burner. Kandy Muse. Ladies, you are safe. And Symone, I wanna thank you for bringing such a powerful message to the runway. You're welcome. Thank you, guys. Thank you, ladies. You may leave the stage. Ladies, you represent the tops and the bottoms of the week. Now it's time for the judges' critiques, starting with Olivia Lux. So I'm gonna talk about this first. What I like most about it is it's really different to what Olivia usually does. So it shows us a little versatility, and I like that. So I wanna get down to the Snatch Game. - Shouting. - Now, girl, you know that when you choose a character with a big personality such as Tabitha Brown, you have to embody that. You gave us the look, but I didn't really feel like you were giving us Tabitha Brown. I think we needed more information about who she was. I'm a big fan of Tabitha Brown, and there's so much more to her than just being a vegan. She loves her husband, she loves her kids. All of that was gone, and you just focused on bananas and apples. All right, Rosé. This look, I'll take Rosé all day. It's really fun. It's kind of a Cecil Beaton, My Fair Lady. There's a lot of times I struggle with your choices, because you happen to love a frilly, ruffly moment, and usually I lose your neck or I lose something. But in this outfit tonight, with the one shoulder, it's very flattering, and the ruffles don't actually get in the way. I am a big fan of the entire Tudor dynasty, so I was so heavily invested in your Mary, Queen of Scots. You're looking fucking great. The way you were bouncing those head jokes off of Ru, I almost died. Because Ru can give a real mean head joke. But I thought it was so brilliant that you leaned into your Scottish heritage. I loved that you kind of brought her into contemporary life. Like she was living today, even though she's from, like, the 16th century. I Googled that. Up next, Utica. This look tonight is super cute. You have proven time and again that you're a fashion queen with a quirk. I love it. I wanna just go outside and eat. What was not having me wet-on-wet was your Bob Ross. Environment. He's known to have this Mr. Rogers kind of soothing voice, and people watch to be mesmerized and calmed, and I just wasn't getting that. When Ru comes to you, you wanna make Ru laugh, and I think that was the problem. We didn't laugh. Yeah. - All right, Denali. - Hi. This look is what we would normally consider costuming, because it literally is a costume. But the way you presented it, with the coffee fascinator and then this skating waitress kind of moment, it was so fun that it brought me kind of out of that and into, oh, this is really cute. You make me want a burger right now. Let's talk about your JVN. Now, I know a thing or two about some Queer Eyes up in here. You were so spectacular. Thank you so much. And you did what you're supposed to do in improv, which is embody that person. JVN was inside you. - Oh, my. - Not literally, I don't think. - Gottmik. - Hello! Man, you turn it on this runway every friggin' time. Thank you. A-ma-zing. Can't tell you how obsessed with this punk look that you've got going on tonight. Like, that seventies and eighties London punk scene is really what got me into music. I know it sounds odd, but it is, and that is the epitome of everything I wished or I thought I looked like. Let's talk about your Paris Hilton. Smelling. You had that lazy kind of, you know, that's hot. So over it. Lazy kind of, like, Valley girl, Like a little drunk, but it's just so hot. And what you did so well, you did your homework, and then all you had to do was kind of answer the questions. That was genius. - You're so hot. Thank you. - You're welcome. I know that you've done Paris' makeup before. Do you think she'll be happy with your impersonation? I feel like I played her a little party, but also gave her the CEO twist, so I hope she'll appreciate that. Fingers crossed. I still wanna paint you, bitch, so please don't be mad. - Elliott With 2 Ts. - Hi. This outfit, you know, when you were coming out, I was like, well, can't really tell if I like it or I don't. But then as I got into it more, I kind of dug the fact that we're doing a flamingo moment, and it's kind of like I'm standing on one leg. So I got into the whole ensemble as a look. - Um, the Snatch Game. - Yeah. Out on the lanai. Everybody loves Rue McClanahan, and I was waiting for you to exude here. Yeah. Everybody loves a Southern belle. When you do an icon, we know them so well, and that's a tricky choice, because when we know so much about the character, you gotta get it really, really right, and there's no room for error. And there wasn't enough Rue McClanahan there. And to play it on the nose, that's when you have to do it impeccably well. Thank you, ladies. I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. All right, now, just between us squirrel friends, what do you think? Olivia Lux. Tonight on the runway it was really fun to see a completely different look from her. However, her Snatch Game was one of the biggest letdowns for me, because there was so much that could have been done as Tabitha Brown. She has at least three or four catchphrases, and she didn't hit one of them. As long as we've been doing this show, these kids come up in here. "Oh, I know Snatch Game, I got my character." But it was just not funny. Let's move on down to Rosé. Tonight was a great night for Rosé. I am always kind of on the fence with her fashions. She considers herself a fashion clown, and the clown is more prevalent sometimes than the fashion. - I'm not being shady, I'm just... - Yes, you are. Yes, you are. I'm calling it like I see it, girl. But tonight on the runway, I didn't mind it so much. I liked the thorns around the dress and the shoulder piece. And in the Snatch Game, Rosé was really funny. - Being a greedy bastard. - She's making her modern. She's talking about things that Mary, Queen of Scots had no idea what any of this would have been about, and that was the absurdity of it. Utica. This look on the runway, the fit is gorgeous. She creates a beautiful shape. I liked them little antses and stuff that was crawling up her leg and stuff. I wanted to get some Raid and be like, "Get off my sister, get off my sister!" But her performance as Bob Ross was, like, wah-wah. As a queen, she wasn't able to grasp what makes Bob Ross an interesting character. Let's move on to Denali. This look on the runway, yeah, it was a tiny bit costumey, but I loved the fascinator. I thought it was so cute and whimsical. I have to tell you, I have a soft spot in my heart for the original fab five. But Denali's Snatch Game tonight as JVN was hilarious. Her Snatch Game was so great that she was a real star tonight. It's what Snatch Game is all about. - Yep. - Gottmik. When I saw Gottmik, I was, like, wow, that is a great visual interpretation of Paris Hilton. And then the performance was kind of robotic and sedated and lackadaisical, and I was like, that's perfect! That is Paris Hilton! I loved the voice change in the beginning, and then was in it, and you called him out on it. It was hilarious. And then one thing she never lets us down on is a runway look. The punk rock, it just made me wanna get a jacket and stick a pin in me. And then it had a ballsack of rhinestones of blood. I noticed that. I love a red ballsack. - Yes, don't we all? - Sign me up. - Elliott With 2 Ts. - Tonight on the runway when she first came out, I didn't like it. I was like, what is with that floppy leg? And then I went, oh, my goodness, she's a flamingo. I did not get flamingo until Michelle mentioned it. She's a well-put-together queen. However, it's just the Snatch Game for me, I just kept waiting for her to give it, waiting for her to give it, and, Ru, I never got it. I was looking for sultry. That's, like, the essence of Rue McClanahan. It's about being sexy, but not being super slutty. That's a Southern belle, that's a "bless your heart" instead of saying eff you. Bless your heart. Bless your heart! Now, when you compare that to the Paris Hilton that Gottmik did, you could feel Gottmik's wink-wink, I'm in on the joke. You couldn't get that from Elliott. Yeah. If you were gonna do Snatch Game, Carson, who would you do? I would do Michelle Visage. And, Michelle, who would you do? - Rosie Perez. - Okay. I would probably do Pearl Bailey. - Ooh! - Madison, who would you do? I think I would do Ursula from The Little Mermaid. - Okay! - I'd be fat fish. Silence! I've made my decision. La fille entrez. Welcome back, queens. I've made some decisions. Denali. This week you served us Jonathan Van Ness, and we ate it up. You're safe. You may join the other girls. Thank you, Ru. Rosé. This week you really rose to the occasion. You are safe. Thank you. Gottmik. You gave us a night in Paris we'll never forget. Con-drag-ulations. You are the winner of this week's challenge. Oh, God, I'm dying. You've won a cash prize of $5.000. Thank you! I did not just fucking win Snatch Game. It's too much. Utica. We loved your runway look, but your Snatch Game was no picnic. Olivia Lux. We loved your fascinator, but your Tabitha Brown made us wonder, where's the beef? Elliott. Your flamingo was chic, but your Rue McClanahan didn't have a leg to stand on. Olivia Lux. You're safe. Thank you. You may join the other girls. Come here. Utica, Elliott With 2 Ts, I'm sorry, my dears, but you are up for elimination. Being in the bottom and lip syncing against Elliott, like, the dancing queen, is scary. But I am here to put on a show, too. Two queens stand before me. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come... for you to lip sync... for your life. Good luck, and don't fuck it up. ♪ I want to play with you tonight ♪ ♪ Hold me, that's all that's on my mind ♪ ♪ Baby, something feels so right ♪ ♪ I want to be so in love with you ♪ ♪ I want to do just what you want to do ♪ ♪ 'Cause I ♪ ♪ I'm fascinated by your love, boy ♪ ♪ I'm fascinated by your love toy... ♪ Utica is using every inch of the stage. Miss Thing has daddy long legs. It's hard to keep up with her. But I am a Texas girl. I'm holding nothing back right now. ♪ Kiss me, let me make you mine ♪ ♪ I love it, loving you sometimes ♪ ♪ 'Cause I ♪ ♪ I'm fascinated by your love, boy ♪ ♪ And I'm fascinated by your love toy ♪ ♪ And I'm fascinated by the way you make me feel ♪ Ladies, I've made my decision. Utica, shantay you stay. You may join the other girls. Love you all. Elliott, I now know what the extra T is for. Tenacity. Don't let anyone take that away from you. Now sashay away. Thank you so much for this. It means everything to me. Thank you. Yes! I love you all. I love you guys. Mwah. Look, Mom, I don't have to fly under the radar anymore! I get to be a woman! Bye! I knew it was a risk, taking on such an iconic character, but you have to take risks in life. You can't just play it safe. One thing I learned was that you don't have to be the loudest person in the room to be liked, but you just have to be yourself. You can be the underdog, but if you stay strong and keep going, you can accomplish anything. Pblblblbl. Con-drag-ulations, queens. And remember, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an "amen" up in here? - Amen! - Amen! All right. Now let the music play! ♪ I'm a winner ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ I'm a winner ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ Next time on RuPaul's Drag Race... You need to make over each other. This is gonna be interesting. I love it. That's you. You painted her face the way that you would paint. I wanna hear from each of you. - Who should go home tonight? - Ooh! Let's see how this one turns out, America. - Aah! - Aah! ♪ I'm a winner ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ I'm a winner ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ I'm a winner ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ I'm a winner ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ Losers, weepers ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ Finders, keepers ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ ♪ Losers, weepers ♪ ♪ I'm a winner, baby ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 