RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 8, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 RuPaul's Drag Race 
 s8e3 - RuCo's Empire - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 RuPaul's Drag Race (2009–…): Season 8, Episode 3 - RuCo's Empire - full transcript 
 The queens get their Cookie on in two Empire-inspired scenes; guest judges Tasha Smith and singer-songwriter Faith Evans. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hola, se?oritas. The drag-apella movie, "Bitch Perfect." Now sissy that walk Brava. Chi Chi DeVayne, condragulations, you are the winner of this week's challenge. Shreveport, represent. Dax ExclamationPoint, Laila McQueen, neither one of you survived that lip sync. Ooh, double whammy! Bam bam. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sashay away. People come and go so quickly here. Honey, at this rate, we gon' run out of lipstick. Oh, my God. Oh! Is drag PTSD even a thing? Post-Traumatic Sashay Disorder. Bitch, you better own it. This is a wakeup call for all of us. If you ain't stepping that pussy up, your ass is going home. So who do you guys think that RuPaul called? Her dealer. I had to eliminate two queens today. How soon can you get here? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 One queen who needs to be redeemed more than any queen on the "Drag Race" is Victoria "Pork Chop" Parker. Question is when Shangela returns, what are we gonna do? Hide. I think we should all agree that whoever the girl that comes in, we just ignore her and treat her like poo. Poo unto others as you would have them poo unto you. We have another bitch coming into the competition? Girl, this is some bullshit. And this is a new episode of "RuPaul's Drag Race: RuVealed." Tonight, get ready for some prime time drama. Is somebody coming back? Are two more people getting chopped? It's like a soap opera up in here. Funny you should say that. Guest judges "Empire's" Tasha Smith and the legendary Faith Evans! RuPaul's Drag Race May the best woman, best woman win Work. Work. It's a brand-new day! We've survived. Ooh, girl. We're gonna find out now. She done already done had herses. To be America's next drag superstar, you don't need to be humble. Agreed. But if you trip or stumble, well, honey, that's just the way that cookie crumbles. Cookie? Is this a baking challenge? Hello, hello, hello. Wow! This is the outfit. Why, thank you. It is a Klein Epstein & Parker suit. They're made to measure. Oh! Shameless. When the Supreme Court legalized same sex marriage, they moved this country boldly forward. But when it comes to their sense of style, the justices are, like, so 18th century. Yeah. Oh, Pit Crew! Whoo! Oh! Now for today's mini challenge, I want you to drag up these basic black robes. Think Judge Judy Couture. We'll take a 30-minute recess, and then, the Supreme Court Fashion Show will be in session. Go! Ah! Who's down with RBG? Yeah, you know me. Absolute garbage, and I love it. Ladies! Time's up. Category is, Supreme Court Realness. Order in the courtroom, hunty! Bob The Drag Queen. She received her law degree online from the Tyler Perry "I Can Learn Law All By Myself" school. Viola Davis is Clarence Thomas. Naomi Smalls from the law firm of Evangelista and Fangs. She almost got disbarred for excessive mouth pops. That was only one. Justice Derrick Barry. She was inspired to study law after sneaking into a matinee of "Legally Blonde." Oh! Oh, and then my wig come off. Objection. All rise for Supreme Court Justice Cynthia Lee Fontaine, AKA Cuckoo Freedom. I love her but she ain't right in the head. She made herstory with her landmark verdict for legalizing sex. Really, Judge? I think it was funny. Supreme Court Justice Acid Betty. She believes in every citizen's right to go fisting. You do you, girl. "Go fishing." Supreme Court Justice Robbie Turner. If Justice Turner had her way, she'd outlaw ex-boyfriend Donald Trump. I second that emotion. All rise for Supreme Court Justice Kim Chi. She got her start at the law firm of Ching Chang & Chong. I did not write these. Do not send me letters. Sorry about it. Supreme Court Justice Thorgy Thor. She made herstory legalizing the right to stop traffic and tap-dance. All rise for Supreme Court Justice Chi Chi DeVayne. She made herstory with her landmark verdict legalizing ass clapping. Judge Hatchett, meet Judge Ratchet. Yes, Your Honor, yes. If justice is blind, that bitch is missing out. The winner is... Naomi Smalls. Yes, baby. Fashion rules. And I'll be posting all of these supreme looks Ladies, last week's double elimination left a void that I've decided to fill with the one and only... Jiggly Caliente! Bitches, I'm back! Naysha Lopez. Oh, my God, it's Naysha! She's back on the competition. Naysha should have walked in with her luggage and just kept on walking. Bye, girl. Naysha, you're getting a second chance. So don't fuck it up. Okay. Now, for this week's maxi challenge, you'll be overacting in a pilot for my new TV series, "RuCo's Empire." #DragEmpire Whoo! That's right, RuRu kitty girls. It's cookie time. Whoo! I love it! Naomi Smalls, you won the mini challenge, so you're a team captain. And Naysha Lopez, as a welcome back gift, you're a team captain too. I'm not trying to fuck up my second chance, so let's do this. Naomi, you get first pick. I choose Robbie Turner. All right. Naysha. Derrick Barry. Yay! Bob The Drag Queen. Whoo! Thorgy. Yes! Awesome. Whoo! Chi Chi. Whoo. Kim Chi. Yeah! Well, that leaves Acid Betty and "Santee Alley" Fontaine. When Cynthia Lee says her own name, my ear hears "Santee Alley," which is a shopping district in downtown Los Angeles. You are on Naysha's team. Fuck. Just kidding. Gentlemen, start your engines. And may the smartest cookie win. Okay, so let's go through all of them real quick. "Ginger Snap, classic militant activist." She's intense, so you want to take that role? Uh... Derrick's playing this militant lesbian. Really? "Chocolate Chip Cookie, the over-the-top super diva. She's got major attitude and blingy style." I will feel comfortable with Chocolate Chip Cookie, personally. There's a lot of words in this. Did you look at the script? That's right, Chocolate Chip Cookie's back! I did not understand at all what you said. And this gonna be my chance to win back Rucious for good! Why are you talking up here like that? Think the other team should be worried because they have a lot of girls that are just like... not black. Y'all ain't getting nuttin' past Chi Chi. Coming up... Action. I'm here to get what's mine. Bitch! You couldn't even make bail. I'm a strong gay woman! Okay. "Oh-ker"? We'll be right back. We're back. Lights, camera, slap him. "You double-crossing bitches." For today's challenge, we have to perform in scenes inspired by the show, "Empire." It's got drama. It's got Cookie. I mean, this is a dream come true. "Maybe it was a lil' somethin'-somethin' extra I put in the drink." I've never seen "Empire," but Cookie sounds like a handful. And Bob is a fucking handful, so it's just a match made in heaven. One thing I would say, make it, like a "Or maybe..." Let's do it again. 'Cause it got lost. Robbie, she's a trained actress and she's giving us all these tips. Like, this whole thing, and then be like, "Stand back, bitches!" We're definitely gonna win this challenge. "What you want? Oh, hello, Rucious's doctor." It's Rucious's doctor. This is one stale-ass Chocolate Chip Cookie. Just an observation that I'm just making, Thorgy and... Kim Chi switch. Okay, give her the CableACE Award. I would love to. Yeah, super diva. This is gonna be so good. I really want to do this. "Oh, you better think again, RuRu kitty. That's right; Chocolate Chip Cookie is back." "Did I hear my name?" It sounded like Bob was doing... Of course. Yeah. We're gonna be up against each other. What part did you pick, Bob? Chocolate Chip Cookie. Of course both myself and Bob are playing Chocolate Chip Cookie parts, and we're gonna be compared. Okay, New York. it's like a subway series with cookies. "I am not worried about that." "Well, where the hell is Rucious? Rucious!" There's a fire under my ass. Ooh! And I really, really fucking want to win the challenge. Welcome to my home. All right. Team Naysha. It's time to shoot the scene, and everyone's feeling a little nervous. Welcome to our beautiful set, furnished by our friends at Rrivre Works. And say hello to my co-director. Grammy award-winning First Lady of hip-hop, Faith Evans is here. 'Cause you gotta have faith. What's up? Mm-hmm. All right, places, people, places. It takes a village, people. Village People? Is the cop here? And... Action. I'm here to get what's mine. No, you're not. Yes, she is. Who are you? Stop interrupting me. Acting! You all need to chill. The big RuCo white party is coming up. And cut. Kim Chi, I need to see more of this. I need to see this. We smack a lot when we ratchet. All right. Girl. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. What she said. Like this. Um...yeah. Let's try that again. Listen, Ho Ho! Chocolate Chip Cookie's supposed to be in jail! That was much better. And action. I'm gonna make you a star. Bitch, you couldn't even make bail. Ooh... But I can whoop yo' ass. I believe her. Nobody wants a bitch who gets kicked off to come back, so I was glad to beat the shit out of her with this dirty broom. Live your truth, girl. The White party is the time for me to tell the whole world, it's okay to be gay. Cut. Derrick, I'm losing you in that moment. I know--you're not sort of connecting with anyone. Just make sure that you command the room. Okay. The White Party is the time for me to tell the whole world, that it's okay-- It's okay to be gay. What the hell is Derrick doing? She's lost in an afro. She's not funny. Come on, Britney. Step it up. Team Naomi. This team actually has black people. Crazy! Hi, ladies. This Notorious B.I.G.'s wife. I got my drag name from Biggie Smalls, so I'm fucking freaking out. It's "Smalls in the Family." Lived this life, so if you have any questions for her in terms of character or inspiration... What's the best hand to slap a hoe with, like, the left or the right? Best question of the season so far. All right, so places, people, places. Action. Now where the hell is Rucious? Rucious! Rucious probably smelled you and went runnin'. Well, then why did I waste my time puttin' on this? Ooh! Bam! Why you all gaggin'? I bring it to you every episode. Cut. You say this is an over-acting challenge, I'm like, You ain't gotta tell me twice. Action. Yo, yo, yo, hallelu, hallelu My name's Shortbread, that's my girl, Macaroon And that's why they need a strong woman on this company. Cut. Miss Cynthia Lee, you just left out the word "gay," when you said this company needs a strong, gay woman. Strong, gay woman. Yes, because that's-- that's the joke. Okay, let's try that again. This company need a gay, strong woman. Wait, cut. The line is, "A strong, gay woman." "Strong, gay woman." I'm a strong, gay woman! Cynthia's Ginger Snap is hilarious for all the wrong reasons. I don't even know if she knows what she's saying. All right. Let's move on. That and how to shoplift. Empty your pockets, please, ma'am. Fuck line. Robbie, differentiate those voices, so that we know it's two different people. Do want it, like, satanic or something? Um, not today, Satan. Just make them different. Okay. That and how to shoplift. Please, sir, empty your-- Please ma'am, will you empty your pocketbook? Ah! Robbie is really screwing it up. You're the one I was most confident in. We're gonna have to work with what we have. We could end up losing this because of Robbie's mistakes. Coming up... The girls are gonna do a runway in roller skates. I've never skated before. Really? This is a mess I can't wait to see. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa whoa. Whoa, whoa. Be right back. We're back. Let's get this main stage rolling, honey. For the first time in drag herstory, the girls are gonna do a runway in roller skates. Finally, a legit use for my kneepads. So anybody nervous about skating? I've never skated before. Ru? Ever. So since I can't skate, I have this idea, like, maybe I can, like, turn into a car to, like, mask it. Do you have, like, wheels for your arms and stuff? Oh, I have to make my wheels, so. You have to make wheels? Yeah. So he plans on falling and what, crawling across the stage like a Transformer? What? Word, Decepticon, yes! How you feelin', Robbie? I feel...actually... better. Girl, I'm the disco rockin' diva of the roller rink. And my hope is that my runway look redeems me from that horrible performance in the acting challenge. I'm actually wearing my mom's vintage sunglasses, which I'm really excited about. My parents were straight-up hippies. I would love, love to meet your parents. My mom, uh, passed away when I was 19. What happened? She had cancer. I was at college, like, having a blast, and, like, I would always call and be like, "How's everything?" It was always fine. But it wasn't. And I finally got a call from my dad being like, "You know, you should probably really come home." When I went home, I mean, she was not the-- She was not a person. She... She wasn't there. I wish they were just a little bit more honest with me, 'cause when I got home, she died that day. Oh, my God! She was a skeleton in a hospital bed. I didn't really get a good-bye. And I kinda feel like that was taken from me. And I'm very angry about it, but I don't know where to put that anger. It comes out of love for my dad, he's like, "I just don't want to, like, interrupt your life and ruin-- Like, I want better things for you." And I'm like, I get that... And my parents wanted to protect me," yeah. But things like that, like, I didn't get to say good-bye to her. She didn't want to make my dad and my sister feel, like, terrible, but... How come they didn't, like, tell me to come home? I will never forget that day. I guess that's why I talk about things so much. Just get it over with. That's a great idea. Keep doing that. Honey, we are here to listen. We got you. Now, let's hit the stage. Honey, y'all are not ready for this. Cover girl Yeah! Put the bass in your walk Don't be jealous of my roller boogie. Let your whole body talk And what? Yeah! Welcome to the main stage of "RuPaul's Drag Race." Michelle Visage, thanks for helping me build my empire. How was prison? Fashion superstar Carson Kressley, what's your favorite cookie? I like those Samoans. It's a Samoa. Oh, is it a Samoa? Samoan is a person. Mmm, mmm, delicious. From the hit shows, "Empire" and "Power," my acting class pal, Tasha Smith is here. Hey, baby! Hey! And the legendary Faith Evans. Hey, Ru. Were you mesmerized by my girls? Oh, my, was I. This week, we challenged our queens to act up a storm in "RuCo's Empire." Tonight, for the first time in drag race herstory, category is Roller Girl Realness. I'm ready. Gentlemen, start your roller skates. And may the best woman win! Get ready for some moving violations. Queens on wheels. AKA "wheelness." You're giving us Tamar Braxton. And Adrienne Bailon. Mm-hmm. I'm giving you "Xanadu" realness, boo. Next thing you know-- Oop! Oh, yes, she "Xana-did." If they show me falling as my runway, I'm gonna be furious. Don't worry, we had a medic on hand. We're not totally evil around here. Thorgy Thor. She's giving very "Three's Company." Come and knock on her door. I'm super comfortable on these roller skates. This is one of the first looks I ever did, like, this is classic Thorgy. Hey, good-lookin'. Be back to pick you up later. Call me on the party line. Is this a three-way? Derrick Barry. Very Skaty Perry. I love my outfit. I feel like I'm giving them pop Princess Peach. It's different from anything that I've worn before. Oh! That's a bubble butt if I ever seen one. Kim Chi. Toucan! Look at the size of that cockatoo. The entire ensemble is inspired by John Galliano. It's a contrast between nude and all the colors that are in a parrot. Yes, honey, you better sissy that macaw. Acid Betty. "Beyond Thunderdome." Punk unicorn realness. I am a bitch on wheels times ten. I'm reliving my childhood in the '80s, honey. Don't turn your back on me. Mad Maxi Pad. Whoa. Naomi Smalls. Classic beauty. She is like a flamingo. Yes. I'm wearing a pretty in pink bedroom scene. My outfit is so not roller girl, but I'm pulling it off. Michelle, what's the hardest part of roller skating? Mm. Telling your mother that you're gay. It's funny 'cause it's true. See you later, roller skater. Bob The Drag Queen. Not to be confused with Bob The High School Counselor. I didn't have enough time to finish this Transformer outfit, so I do my backup plan. I'm like "Tron," robot-inspired character. She's a ro--oh, yes girl. Uh-oh. Be careful. And I'm just like, try to move offstage without breaking a limb. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa whoa. Whoa, whoa. Nice save. She's like a Roomba! Don't go too fast now, girl. Okay, slow down, girl. Don't go too fast. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh, work it! Cynthia Lee Fontaine. She's a little bit country. It's Barbara Mandrell on wheels. I love my runway look. It's like Farrah Fawcett meets with Olivia Newton John in Texas. Uh, okay. I feel like the goddesses of roller blades. If she falls, there will be a hoe down. There will be. Chi Chi DeVayne from Louisiana. Yeah, this had a roller street part. Yes! She got tricks. I'm a disco queen, honey. Funky, tight roller girl. This is me. She's got that hair snatched back in a afro puff. Ooh, a little backwards skating. Yeah, back rolls. Up next, Robbie "Turnter." Oh, lord! All right! Uh-oh! I am roller girl realness personified. It's got my initials on my ass and a little star booty. Ooh, I like her. My Aunt Diana's hair. I scalped her in, like, 1975. It's like a rhinestone roller girl. Yes. Mmm. Coming up... Taraji is going to die. Lee Daniels is going to die. Yes! We'll be right back. Hey, cookie girls, I hope you're hungry for some diva drama. I'm "wheely, wheely" impressed. Now it's time to view your scenes. First up, Team Naysha. I swear I've seen this show before. Y'all here today because yo' daddy, Rucious Charles, the head of the Rooker Rackers Empire, has a message for all of y'all. Hey, cookie girls. Aw, damn. I'm dying. And I gotta figure out which one of you bitches gon' get my empire. Will it be my beautiful Halle Berry wannabe girlfriend, Vanilla Wafer? My brilliant daughter with multiple degrees and multiple personalities, Macaroon? Macaroon! Who thinks she's sittin' on a secret, Ginger Snap? My hood rat baby girl, Shortbread? Or will it all go to my sassy ex-wife, Chocolate Chip Cookie? What? But Chocolate Chip Cookie's supposed to be in jail! Ooh! You better think again, RuRu kitty. That's right. Chocolate Chip Cookie's back! Get off of me. And I'm here to take what's mine, now get this orange shit off my body. Ex-squeeze me? I'm in charge of this company. Oh, bougie bitch, please! I should be running this empire. Who asked you? I did? No, I didn't! Yo, cray-cray. I got this. Rock-a-ta-ta ta-ta-ta-ta-ta Rock-a-ta-ta ta-ta-ta-ta-ta I'ma rap Ooh! My baby's got talent. And that's for not visiting me in prison, bitch. Stop! It's time I get something off my chest. This is my day I was born this way And my biggest secret is I'm proud to be Gay. We know. But damn, my little baby's got a voice. Yeah. I'm gonna make you a star. Bitch, you couldn't even post bail. No... but I can whoop yo ass with this! This is harder on me than it is for you guys. No, it's not! Ow! Dang, she commits. Y'all need to chill! The big White Record party's comin' up, and we need to show Rucious that we are a family. Oh, it's Rucious's doctor. What? Rucious is dead! Oh, Rucious wants me to give him head. How is her head? Be right there. I will see each and every one of you bitches at the White party. Yup, that scenery got chewed, as in ate up. Yes, "Empire" and "Dynasty," we're coming for you. Team Naomi. I can't wait to see how this turns out. Girls, at this damn White party, we're gonna act like a family. I know y'all ain't starting this white-ass party without me. And why it gotta be white, you know? She do got a point. Where's Rucious? Rucious! Rucious probably smelled you and went runnin'. Oh, well, then why did I waste my time. putting on this? Oh, there's more. This-a! Why'd I waste my time doin' that, bitch? 'Cause you's a crazy ass hoe. Where'd you learn to talk like that? I learned it from you, bitch. That's about the only thing you taught us. Yeah, that, and how to shoplift. Empty your pockets, please, ma'am. I didn't do it! Mama told me to! Well, well. This is nice, but let's have a drink. My thoughts exactly. Before we drink, we say grace. Now can I get a "Amen, hallelu"? Yo, yo, yo, hallelu, hallelu My name's Shortbread, that's my girl, Macaroon Eat these cookie now Whatcha want do And drink this milk, bitch You know you want to All right, I knew you had it, baby! Yes! I knew you had it. Stop oppressing me! Okay. I am sickening I am gorgeous I'm a strong, gay woman! Bitch, we're all gay. I'm not gay. Yes, you are. That one time in college doesn't count. My baby. Jeez! Girl, you better step your medications up. Wow, you really all are crazy. That's why I'm secretly plotting to go work for our rival company, Lady Bunny Death Hoe Records. Oh, no, she didn't. You fake-ass Dominique Deveraux wannabe! Oh, my God. Oh! Taste it, bitch. Expensive vodka. Stand back, bitches. Bring it, bitch. You lucky my pre-paid phone ringin'. I woulda whooped your little skinny ass. Who dis? It's Rucious' doctor, y'all. Hello, Rucious's doctor. Wait, what? Rucious's... severely deadly illness is... contagious? Oh! Oh! It's because I'm gay? Isn't it? Peace. Did anyone else notice that these queens always die at the end of these acting challenges? Oh... I guess whatever Rucious had, it really was sickening. Or maybe it was just a lil' extra somethin-somethin I put in the cocktails. Oh, you thirsty, bitch? Whoo! I'ma take this motherfucker. Gimme the shoe, bitch. She is just making this up as she goes along. Oh! Look at all this money. He ain't got no motherfucking backup. Is the train still runnin'? Wow. Well, there you have it, ladies. And all based on actual events. Ladies, this week you acted in teams. but tonight, you'll be judged individually. Plot twist! Coming up... I don't know what you were saying, but I didn't care. I think you were very convincing as a schizo. Show me that you do have soul. The draggety drama continues right after this. Judges gon' judge and skaters gon' skate. Here we go. When I call your names, please roll forward. Naomi Smalls. Kim Chi. Naysha Lopez. Chi Chi DeVayne. Ladies, you are safe. You may leave the stage. And please don't kill yourselves. The rest of you represent the high rollers and the low rollers of the week. Feelin' lucky? Now it's time for the judges' critiques. Starting with Thorgy Thor. Your roller girl look-- You're giving me '70s. You had the big blonde 'fro. Not the most wildly inventive. Okay. Now I'm gonna go to your performance, which was so good. Nailed it! Your choreography was meticulously done. Yes! I'm so proud of you. Great job. Next up, Derrick Barry. I like this whole, like, Jeremy Scott for Katy Perry kind of thing. You are doing a great job with trying to give us something other than Britney. But I feel like you're coming out and these clothes are wearing you. With your performance, the personality of the character didn't really connect. It was too laid back. I'd love to see you show me that you do have soul, so what you need to get to work on is giving us your soul. At least she's "purty." Next up, Acid Betty. Your performance, I felt like you gave me the "Sybil" multiple personality with a little bit of Carol Burnett goin' on. I think you were very convincing as a schizo. This look tonight, it's getting kinda predictable. I'd love to see something way different. Another challenge, Michelle. I fucking love challenges. Be you but don't be you. Give us less but more. Mm-hmm, what he said. All right, next up, Bob The Drag Queen. I love this look. You did this Glamazon girl from "Tron." Tin Man, I have to say, needs some lubricant. Halle-lube! Now let's get to the performance. Everything about it was on point. That ad libs were really, really good. Taraji is going to die. Lee Daniels is going to die. Shantay, you slay. Cynthia Lee Fontaine. Cynthia. You have a great body with a shirt that's like a formal with a formal necklace and formal earrings, then you have, like, Hooters shorts that don't fit at all. It's so discombobulated. The "Empire" scene, I don't know what you were saying, but I didn't care. There were some nuances that were missed. What did you think, watching yourself in the scene? I love it. It was really good. It was really good. Aw, she's like a puppy. Can we keep her? Thank you very much. All right, next, Robbie "Turnter." I do love the jumpsuit. But what's bothering me is all the silver accoutrements and then a gold necklace. I would lose the necklace. Um, when we were workin' on that scene, Ru was directing you to kinda get into the two different voices. I don't think you stuck with that. It was kinda like I didn't have a moment to, like, break and think of your notes before we moved on to another note and also remember where the blocking for the camera was because I can't see very far. When we originally read it, I was Vanilla Wafer. And it--we did change it. Did that hurt you, you think? I think it did hurt me, and I didn't speak up even though I was feeling it, and so for the betterment of the team, I was like-- You can't allow yourself to be a victim and use the excuse of, "I was being nice." It's a competition. Whoo! Break it down, Tasha. I think we've heard enough. While you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. All right, now just between us squirrel friends, what do you think? Thorgy Thor. Her Chocolate Chip Cookie killed it. It's safe to say that, uh, her Chocolate Chip Cookie was baked in a lovin' oven. Mmm, cozy. It brings all the boys to the yard. Yeah! That's a milkshake. Oh. Keep up, whitey. Derrick Barry. She goes from Britney Spears to Katy Perry. I'm still waiting to find Derrick Barry. I thought the runway was really cute. But in the scene, Ginger Snap got lost to me. I've seen her perform as Britney Spears. She puts her whole self into it, and that's what she needed to do in this challenge. Acid Betty. I think she did look like a roller warrior, but I could probably do without the Mohawk. In this role, she looks like she's one french fry short of a Happy Meal straight away. And that's a good thing, right? It's not easy to improv, but also stay focused on the scene. I am feelin' her swag. She has charisma and it allows her to sell absolutely anything. This Tron jumpsuit is so basic, and I found myself goin', "Oh, my God, I love it so much." Her Tron was on. Cynthia Lee Fontaine. Bless her cotton socks with that runway outfit. Oh! Oh! They were Fruit of the Loom. I just felt like she didn't commit to the role that she had, as sweet as she is, but what's sweet got to do with it? All right, Ike Turner. Okay? Oh, no, she just did not. You had given a lot of direction, but Robbie did not really get it. But I love that jumpsuit. I would wear the hell out of that jumpsuit. I love it. Silence! I've made my decision. Bring back my roller girls. "Wheels" be right back. Who's skating to victory? Who's on thin ice? Let's watch. Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Thorgy Thor. You're safe. Bob The Drag Queen. Condragulations, you're the winner of this week's challenge. Yes, honey, she is one smart cookie. Get it? You've one $3,500 of innovative eyewear from Bradley Kenneth. Wow! Ah! Now all the other girls can see what I can do. I feel like everyone knows I'm a girl to beat. And avoid when she's on wheels. Acid Betty. You're safe. Thank you, Mama. Cynthia Lee Fontaine, your Ginger Snap was loca, but the judges were not crazy about your roller girl. I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. Aw, chica. Robbie Turner, your Macaroon was not coconut-y enough. Derrick Barry, your Ginger Snap did not snap, crackle, or pop. Girl. Robbie Turner, I'm sorry, my dear, but you are up for elimination. Ooh! Dang it! Derrick Barry, you are safe, but... you better work, bitch. You want a Maserati? Cynthia Lee, Robbie, now it's your choice. Do you want to lip sync in heels or wheels? Heels. Wheels. Grilled cheeses. Take the wheels. Two queens stand before me. Prior to tonight, you were asked to prepare a lip sync performance of "Mesmerized" by Faith Evans. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me and save yourself from elimination. The time has come... For you to lip sync... for your life. I deserve to be here. I'm not going. Good luck and don't fuck it up. You ever heard about that thing? I mean that real thing? You don't know What you do to me, do to me Let me tell you How ya make me feel My heart is on fire since you put that thang on me Oh-oh You put that thang on me, baby I'm the star right now. Everybody is mesmerized about my cuckoo and my dance. Koo koo kachoo. Baby, I'm spellbound I'm floating on cloud nine I can't even sleep Boy, you got me weak My heart is on fire See, now, that's why we can't have nice things. Am I the first girl that's ever broken a light on the runway? I'm gonna say yes. You don't know What you do to me, do to me Let me tell you Cynthia's serving us, but Robbie's on wheels! Ah! I don't know! My heart is on fire since you put that thang on me Oh-oh Yeah! Whoo! Yes, bitch, work. Ladies, I've made my decision. Robbie Turner... shantay, you stay. Thank you. Thank you. Cynthia Lee Fontaine, Puerto Rico, Austin, Santee Alley, and now the world. Keep spreading your cuckoo. Words to live by. Now, sashay away. I love you. Thank you. Thank you. Whoo! Thank you. Love you. See you soon, mis amores! Ciao, muchacha. I feel sad, but, at the same time, I don't have any regrets. I would like to encourage everybody, don't stop believing. Even if you are the only one that believes in yourself. This is Cynthia Lee Fontaine, #MisAmoresCuckoo. Condragulations, my queens. Why'd she take her skirt off? If you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get a Amen up here? both: Amen! All right, now let the music play. Dance for life Die tomorrow, live tonight Die tomorrow Thanks for watching, roller squirrels. Next week the tide is high, 'cause Blondie is here. Is the train still running? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 