RuPaul's Drag Race: Season 12, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 RuPaul's Drag Race 
 s12e1 - I'm That Bitch - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 RuPaul's Drag Race (2009–…): Season 12, Episode 1 - I'm That Bitch - full transcript 
 13 Queens battle it out in a reality competition to be America's Next Drag Superstar. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [static] Looking for a new political party? Are you tired of politics as usual? I'm Donald Trump, and I do not approve this message. Join the RuPaul's Drag Race party! ♪ I am American... ♪ Life, liberty, and the pursuit of opulence! Let's meet your candidates. Here we go, sis. Ha-ha! Y'all thirsty? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [laughs] Ahh. My name is Brita and I am the queen of New York City. I'm the first bitch here. Aah! Everyone who knows drag in New York City knows who Brita is. I was really hoping the other girls would be here so that they could see the winner. I have seven shows a week in New York City. I literally do it all: commercials, TV, singing, dancing. I took over New York City, and now it's time to take over the world. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, girl, I look good. Most people think I'm like, a big ol' black lady, but I'm a Polynesian princess. My dad is from the kingdom of Tonga. Out of drag, I'm definitely Maui, and then at night, I turn into Moana. I guess we'll just wait for those other ho's to come out. Yes, mama. I'm so excited. I can't wait to see these other girls that I'm gonna beat. Well, that was a long flight. [speaking French]subtitles I am originally from Paris, France, and recently relocated to New York City. My looks are very inspired by European runways from the nineties, and my performances are dancey without all the shenanigans and the splits and all that. So I'm bringing glamour... without breaking my hip. Hello! -Nicky Doll. -Mwah-mwah. Nicky Doll, oh, yes! You're from New York City! -Yes! -Look at you, mama! You like my little Jean Paul Gaultier realness? Yes, come on, New York City queen. Wait, aren't you from somewhere else, too? I'm originally from Paris, France, but I moved to New York a year and a half ago. Oh, I see. Nicky Doll is the fashion queen, and she's gonna bring beauty, grace, and a cute little lace. But she ain't comin' for me in the performance area. I'm happy to see that there's another New York queen here. I know, right? I'm gonna win, though. Yeah, well, I'll tell you goodbye when it's the right time. Relax your throat, bitches, 'cause you're gagging. [laughs] It's Widow Von'Du. 30 years old, but you couldn't tell. I mean, she looks good, though. [laughs] Werk, bitch. Slay mother goose, mother god. For those of you that don't know me, I am the nastiest bitch from Kansas City. And for those of you that do know me... you're fucking welcome. [laughs] Hi! How are you? -Good. How are you? -You look gorgeous! Oh, my God. Yes, bitch, you are beat! Come on, big girl. They call me The Thiccums herself, honey. Get you a taste. Look at this. Get into all of this. All of it. And that's all, with like four As, eight Os and three Ls. "Aaaaoooooooolll!" Yes, bitch. [laughs] How do you feel being sandwiched in between us two big girls right now? I feel safe. I've got my security guards. You know, just in case another ho is super jealous. The big girls about to bring it to these little skinny ho's. They better be prepared. Jackie: Roll call! I know that bitch. I'm Jackie. Salaam! The Persian Princess of drag has arrived. Aah! I'm Jackie Cox, and I'm 34 years young. I am a Middle Eastern nerd, and I am the Persian Annette Funicello of drag. -Oh, hello! -Oh, my God, Jackie! -Aah! -Aah! I'm so excited to see Jackie Cox in the workroom. That's my sister from NYC. -Oh, my God! -We made it! I know someone, I know someone. -Right? -Jackie Cox is the queen of the cabaret scene in New York City. -What are your names? -I'm Widow. Widow, I'm so sorry. [all laugh] I do a little comedy, I do a little singing. I love performing off Broadway. Ta-da! I love to drop into a character. Wait. What does your dress say? Oh, it says my name in Farsi. So it says Jacqueline in Farsi. -Oh, Jacqueline. -Oh, I love it. But watch out, because Jacqueline is also the name of my evil twin. Jackie is not really so much of a look queen. I know that she's gonna bring her smarts to the show, But I don't know if she's gonna give us the glamour that you need for RuPaul's Drag Race. Three New York City queens so far Three? Oh, 'cause you're from France. -Yeah. -I'm like, France! New York City! In the house, honey! America, it's time to stop hiding in the closet. [high-pitched trill] What the fuck is this bitch doing? [high-pitched trill] All right, tongue power. Okay, is someone trying to come for my culture? You know, it sounds a little bit like a Persian trill. I see you're not the only cunning-linguist in this group here. [all laugh] I am Heidi N Closet. I am 24 years of fabulousness, and I am from Ramseur, North Carolina, where the chickens outnumber the people. Heidi is serving her pimp-tress outfit. I know I look good in my...subtitle Aah! My drag is very SPF 100. Sassy, professional, fierce, and she keeps it 100. What kind of drag do you do? Well, she is more of just a performance queen. She's always ready to dance and twirl and kick and everything. The most important part to me in drag is to be entertaining. Because if you're not entertaining, it's like watching the wall dry. Is that how you say it? Producer: Mm-hmm. -Oh, my gosh, we're here. -Yeah! Crazy. [high-pitched trill] That's my mating call. Clearly, I'm single. [all laugh] Oh, oh, oh, oh. Ahoy. My name is Gigi Goode, and I'm not just good, I'm incredible. When I am entering a room in drag, I really am trying to have that Cinderella story moment where everyone is just kind of like, who's that bitch? Argh, mateys! I love it, honey! The Pirates of the Caribbean was in town. Oh, my God. Is one of her legs a peg leg? I need to know right now.subtitle Fashion means everything to me. I see my drag going to the cover of Vogue. Period. Hey, everybody! What's up? Hi, I'm Gigi! I've heard about you. I've seen you on Instagram. You're like, fierce. So nice to meet you. Okay, so Gigi Goode is also bringing fashion. I know her from Instagram. She's definitely going to be tough competition, and I can't wait to put her down. I am living for this outfit of yours. Thank you. My mother made it. Birth mother or your drag mother? -Both. -Your mom is your drag mom? Technically, yeah. She's a theatrical costume designer, so most-- Oh, yes. Are you a good seamstress? -I'm sure, 'cause-- -I am. My mom taught me how to sew, so-- Awesome. How old are you? I'm 21 years old. -21. -Oh. Fresh off the boat. [laughs] Oh. I think the first impression of me is going to be "Oh, God, here's another fashion queen, no personality, no talent, no humor." I'm going to prove each and every one of them wrong. -We're here. -We're here, Isn't it wild? H-E-A-R, hear. I was hoping to be the skinny one. Nope. Maybe All Stars. [all laugh] -Uh-oh. -Uh-oh. Who's ready to party and play? Checkers anyone? Michelle Visage's nightmare just arrived. I'm Crystal Methyd, and I'm a little devil that likes to raise hell in the Bible Belt. I spit. You can typically catch Crystal rocking bright colors, tropical print and cheetah. I think the most impressive thing I bring to the table is my sick moves. I'm known as the dancing diva. No.subtitle [laughs] I think my most impressive drag talent would be my makeup skills. I want to make sure that these other girls know that you're never gonna know what to expect from Crystal Methyd. Oh, my God! [laughs] It's not just the season of New York now. It's now the season of Missouri. -Missouri's in the house! -Yes! Crystal, good to meet you. Crystal? Just Crystal? Crystal Methyd. Oh. Crystal comes jumping into that workroom looking like something jumped out of the box. All of a sudden, I'm hungry for, you know, a croissant-wich. So you're like a look queen, comedy queen, clown queen? I'm a look queen, I'm a comedy queen, I'm a talented queen. [all laugh] You can definitely tell that these other bitches are feeling some type of way about Miss Crystal. But y'all better be ready. The bitch is fierce. Ooh, bring on the next girl. -No. -Let's go, where are you? [alarm] Ooh, girl! She done already done had herses. What in the hell is going on? Ru-Mail is playing and... there's only me and six other bitches here. Wait, is this it? What the hell is going on? Can somebody tell me where the rest of the bitches at? Hey, racers. -Hi! -Hi! Are you drop-dead gorgeous? Do you slay well with others? Because whether you're a part of a lucky seven, a baker's dozen or a mènage á trois... -Ooh. -I'm looking for that bitch. [tongue pop] Yes, girl! Hello, hello, hello! [cheering] Welcome to RuPaul's Drag Race 2020. [cheering] Now, this is a year of life-changing choices, and now, more than ever, we need your charisma, uniqueness, nerve and talent to help save the world. So I am proud to announce your candidacy to become America's Next Drag Superstar. #DragRace. Now, I have to warn you. It's a crowded field of candidates this season. So to get to know each of you better, we're not just having one premiere. We're having two premieres. And you lucky seven are the first group of queens to make your case to the nation. -Yes. -Yes. First in, best in. For your very first mini challenge, it's Fashion Week at RuPaul's Drag Race, presented by Bubly Sparkling Water. Come on, bubbles. I want to see all the fun and flavors of fashion as you slay the runway in both a Spring and a Fall look. -Oh. -All right. I'm like so excited for this mini challenge. I want to be walking the runway in Fashion Week. Like, how fucking fun is it? I take fashion very seriously, so I need to fucking nail this challenge. Now, I know for a fact that major players in the fashion world watch Drag Race for inspiration, so let them have it. Oh, God. I'm hella nervous right now, because with there only being seven of us here, the microscope is on each and every one of us, and any little slip-up could send us right out that door. Racers, your campaign for the crown starts now. RuPaul: The winner of RuPaul's Drag Race receives a one-year supply of Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics and a cash prize of $100.000. With extra-special guest judge Nicki Minaj. RuPaul: Presenting the Spring Collection.after teaser You never get to see the Summer Collection. No, that's resort. Summer is resort. I prefer cruise. -You do. -I heard. For our very first mini challenge, it's Fashion Week, and we have to walk in both Spring and Fall categories. I am like, so excited. Oh, wait, the show is starting.graphic Serving fashion for spring, Brita. Brita: This is so exciting. Ru is there, Michelle is there, Carson is there. I see Raven. Oh, I love Raven so much. Grab a tulle and start banging. I look like a waterfall fairy, with all this tulle swishing around like water. I let it go and it releases and then you see just strand of tulle just following behind me like a trickling stream. Make it known, Brita is here! Oh, I guess she's not gonna take the train. She's gonna walk. RuPaul: Nicky Doll. Carson: She's very wisteri-ous. Nicky: For the spring look, I'm serving you nymph going to Olympus, and I am on Zeus's list, bitch. Michelle: She's lilac-tating. Nicky: When it comes to drag aesthetic, France is highly inspired by runways and high fashion. This is what I do. I'm a look queen. Carson: I can see her "oui-oui." [all laugh] RuPaul: Widow Von'Du. Make some room, bitches. Make some room! I'm poppin' the shit out of this runway,verify wearing all the brightest of neoprene. That's my look. A ratchet-ass queen with some high-class fashion. It's hot. Let me take my jacket off. Boom! Matching bra. What's that? Nero-prene. What's it called? -Neoprene. -Neoprene. I'm on it right now. It stops the internal bleeding. Widow: Most big girls, they're afraid to be who they are. They see all the skinny girls wearing absolutely nothing, and they're like, Oh, my God, I can't do that. Fuck that. Carson: If you liked it, you should've put a hood on it. RuPaul: Jackie Cox! Michelle: Emilio Hoochie. Jackie: My spring runway is Jackie-a-go-go. I always bring a little bit of retro-glam into whatever I'm doing. I love Barbara Eden, so the nods to Barbara Eden in the hair, the little spit curls on my cheeks, Not only do they hide my sideburns, but they're freaking cute. 'Cause a lady do always have a purse. -A lady do carry a purse. -Always. RuPaul: Heidi N Closet. Mm-hmm. RuPaul: Welcome to Timbuktu. Carson: I love the way this drapes. I mean, it is drapes. Literally. Heidi: I am super excited to show these judges who Heidi N Closet is. She's giving genie in a bottle, psychedelic Springtime realness. It represents me being just over the top, glamorous, splashy, sparkly head to toe. And all of a sudden... You could see her civil rights hair. Oh, Lord! But I keep going. I keep going, and that's important. Michelle: Hats off to her. RuPaul: Gigi Goode. Carson: I love a spring prance-suit. Gigi: This spring look screams Gigi Goode. It's Easter Sunday at the trailer park. I just joined a lesbian motorcycle gang and, bitch, I am ready to ride. Carson: Watch out for her peeps. Gigi: This is what I excel in. I am a fashionable bitch. Ooh, pastel-equent. [all laugh] RuPaul: Crystal Methyd. Don't try this at home. Michelle: Skip-to-my-Ru. Crystal: This is a pretty girly look for Crystal Methyd. It's colorful, it's creative, it's intentionally over-accessorized. I feel most comfortable when I am being a weirdo. Carson: She has got to stop putting Viagra in her fabric softener. [all laugh] Now serving fashions for Fall, Brita. Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water.graphic Brita: I am serving you oil-spill realness. You've got oil spilling into this gorgeous, dark blue. I am cinched, I cannot breathe, but it doesn't matter because I am here to slay the game. RuPaul: No glove, no love. Carson: I'll take one glove love. RuPaul: I think there's been a fisting accident, Nicky Doll. Ooh-la-la. Gaultier. Nicky: For the fall look, I'm hitting that runway like Paris Fashion Week. I'm serving you Jean Paul Gaultier, Karl Lagerfeld, Chanel. I'm putting all my fucking culture in one outfit.verify RuPaul: Now, Nicky's French. Carson: What is Nicky French for? Nicky is French for nooky. [all laugh] Carson: Au revoir! Widow Von'Du. The Widow Von'Don't. Get into it, bitches. Get into all of it. My hair is big, my hips are big. Oh, guess what? Ooh! Pants! Oh, darling, it's mother of the house la beige. -Huh. -[laughs] This outfit is bad as a motherfucker. It's tans, tans, tans across the board! Jackie Cox. -Thoroughly modern Jackie. -Mm-hmm. Jackie: My sense of fashion is a little bit more old school than some of the other girls. Mom got a divorce, and she's never been happier. Jackie: I love that ability to kind of create this whole fantasy of silly people, and then live in that world. RuPaul: She's serving early Ruth Gordon. Michelle: But with Bader-Ginsburg. Heidi N Closet. Oh. -Her hips don't lie. -Nope. Heidi: Soon as I turn the corner, I can hear just that: [gasps] Oh, that was breathtaking. They was living for me! Them's child-bearing hips. I enjoy the small-town simple life. But Heidi needs the big city so she can blow up and have some fun. Oh, sweet Jesus. Well, that explains the hip replacements. [all laugh] Gigi Goode. Michelle: Where's Gigi Bad? Hmm, that's what I want to know. Gigi: I'm just serving your average, every day, BDSM horse-jockey. Also made by my mom. So, bitch, this outfit is fitting me like a glove. Carson: Is this a yea or a neigh? They shoot whores, don't they? [all laugh] Carson: Tally-ho! RuPaul: Crystal Methyd. Carson: Freddy or not, here she comes. Michelle: One, two, fashion's coming for you. Crystal: It is a full gown inspired by Freddy Krueger. I make a lot of my own drag myself. I love thrifting to create weird and unique looks, and I'm hoping I get some goodies. RuPaul: If you stay Freddy, you ain't got to get Freddy. [applause] ♪ Daddy see, look at me ♪ Michelle: ♪ Scary drag queen, whaa ♪ -Whaa! -Whaa! -Whaa! -Whaa! ♪ Sexy, sexy drag queen ♪ Carson: Michelle, is that your leg again? Michelle: Sorry. It's my third leg. We did it, ladies. Mini challenge over and done. Oh! We done did our first runways. We did our first challenge. Can one of you sirs unzip me so I can peel out of this like a can of biscuits? Yeah, I'll help you, mama. Now it's time to rub it off, untuck it, and show some things. -Oh! -Ooh, werk. Nicky, Nicky... looks French. She's selling baguettes at night and selling different baguettes during the day, honey. [laughs] Heidi is definitely a love child with Mayhem and lemurian. Fuck. Lemurian. It's like an animal that has big-ass eyes.subtitle A lemur?subtitle Heidi definitely looks like a lemur. Oh, this is always the best part of drag. -Getting out of it? -Crystal, that is a wig. I love that hair, girl. My dad had a mullet that was like, down to his crack, so... -Wait, really? -I'm trying to get there. Who would have thought that behind this clown makeup was such a cute twink? What does your tattoo say? I got it at a concert, and it says "One Direction" No, I don't trust you. You have a tattoo that says "One Direction" in Arabic? Yes. -Do you speak Arabic? -No. But I didn't want everyone to know that I had a One Direction tattoo. [all laugh] I guess y'all are wearing clothes. I should just put on something because I feel like a ho right here. -You don't have to. -No, that's fine. No one's gonna make you put clothes on. Jackie, damn, Jackie is hot. I definitely can see where all the hummus go. 'Cause come on, bubble butt! Hummus, the hummus.subtitle -She's Persian. -Oh, hummus! Hummus. Oh, my God! -I'm sorry. [laughs] -Girl. Hey, squirrel friends. [cheering] Where'd all the ladykins go? They're gone, packed away. Ladies, now that we've had a sneak peak of your fashion, it's time to dig a little bit deeper. Now, for your first maxi challenge, you'll be performing the bad-ass rap single I'm That Bitch. [cheering] Now, each of you needs to write her own verse, and as a group, you need to work together on the choreography. Uh-oh. [all laugh] Now, this is your big chance to introduce yourselves to the world and break out from the pack. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman-- Wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait. I can't believe I almost forgot to tell you this part. -Uh-oh. -Okay. Not only will you be performing your rap on the main stage, you'll be performing it in front of our extra-special guest judge. Young Money! Shut up! Miss Nicki Minaj. [cheering] That's right, Think pink, bitches. Holy moly. Nicky Minaj is going to be judging my rap skills, and I have never rapped in my life, so I am terrified. Gentlemen, start your engines and may the best woman win. All right, we got this. -Whoop, whoop! -I'm that bitch. I am that bitch. I am so excited for this challenge. It's a motherfucking rap challenge! I've never even sang karaoke before. I love to rap and write music. This is my shit, like-- But are you good at it? There's a difference between people writing stuff and being good at it. Are you good at writing? Are you good at doing music? I went to school for musical theater, like-- Going to school and doing it are two separate things. Oh, baby, I've been in Broadway national tours. Don't come for me. I'm gonna sound like Weird Al Yankovic. I don't know if people would consider Jackie Cox really having a lot of flavor, but I do love writing parody lyrics. Does anyone know a good rhyme for naughty? -Body. -Ody, ody, ody. Body. Body. That's not a bad one. Shoddy. Shady lady, Peter Brady. -[chuckles] -You don't love that? Well, start packing. [all laugh] All right, guys. Well, so far I think I'm that bitch, so... Okay. Then we got to figure out how we're dancing. Are we ready to put together a number? Well, bring your ass over here and let's see. [speaking French] -What? -That's French. I'm gonna take the Meredith Vieira spot over here. Okay, raise your hands if you feel comfortable choreographing at all. I've had some experience choreographing like for other girls back at home. Widow? I choreograph my talent numbers when I do my pageants. I have six backup dancers sometimes, and, I mean, but we dance. -Right. -I think that the people that are used to choreograph shows weekly, should probably take the lead. Heidi and Widow should do it. Before we do that, who actually dances? Okay, well, let me tell you, I can't even touch my toes. Oh. I mean, in the girl group that I am in, I am the slowest learner. I am so concerned right now. It's hard working with bitches who don't dance. Can we at least just not over-complicate it? Like, let's keep it like Spice Girls level of dancing. Heidi and I are nominated to be the leads of this choreography. I've watched this show enough. If you are the captain of this ship, you are going down. -Oh! -Oh! Where the magic happens. Oh, my God. It is now time for us to start doing choreography for I'm That Bitch. Nicki Minaj is going to be like 15 feet away from us. And we're gonna knock it out of the park. I think we should have our choreographers-- I'm looking at you two-- you open it since we're gonna rely on you for this first choreography. All right, chocolate sister. Let's choreograph this shit. All right.verify So I was thinking that what we should do is three come in from here, three come in from here, and you march down as if you're-- we're the Bad Bitch Army. ♪ I--I--I'm a bitch ♪ ♪ I--I'm a bitch, I--I--I'm a bitch ♪ Of all of these girls, I'm probably the least coordinated. Can people crump? Can everybody crump? Nope. I don't know dance moves, I don't know terminology. I can't even count. Five, six, seven, eight. I'm just gonna look so dumb doing that. I'm gonna be honest right now. But goddamn it, I'm gonna fucking pull it together,verify and I'm not gonna let myself go home. Hit it. One, two, three, four. -Okay. -So three is a circle. One, two, three, four. Widow, she keeps on pulling out the same moves. She just keeps on doing this little thing. Just kept on keeping. That's okay, but like what else do you got? Yeah, "don't you wish" is when you should start marching out. I think that we should switch it up just for variety. Do something like, simple. First we got to get out here first before we start switching it up. I think if we had like staggered movements at certain times. 'Cause the focus is supposed to be on the soloist. Unless you want the four of us to just strut on that first four. They're already strutting, I mean-- That's the way it is, don't--don't--don't you wish? -I like that. -You could be that bitch. Miss Jackie and Miss Brita. You two ho's, shut up and let me do my job. Or we can just drop, take a knee, watch Brita go, work, hype her, yeah. No. That's--no. I think if there were like moments of like, pose. Okay, switch, pose. But we've seen routines of bitches just posing. [sighs] I hope you can hear all that air I just exclaimed from my body. We can do like-- you know the type of-- like J-Lo choreography where it's like Human Centipede thing? Yeah, I love that. Not the human centipede! I'm feeling some auras from Widow. Like I can feel the steam coming off her wig. Widow's frustrated, and I don't blame her. We can't get through a single move. People keep chiming in on what they want to do. That's when you start behind me. [all talking] There are just too many motherfucking chefs in this goddamn kitchen. I think we should go ahead, because there's six verses, and we're stuck on the first one now. Augh! The time is ticking and we all trying to put our own little zest of lemon in the choreography, and it's not going anywhere. I think someone should take the lead. -Yeah. -We talk too much. It's got to be one of you two. Yeah, yeah. Do you want to take the lead or-- Honestly, I don't know. I've been trying to give lead advice, but no one wants to listen, so I'm like, girl. We want it, we want it. If you feel uncomfortable doing it, then take the lead, honey, please. 'Cause you're already coming up with stuff that's good, and I think we just need to like do it. Okay. So we need to find the easy choreography that we're gonna re-use for each person's-- You know what? I'm just gonna sit here and be quiet. Fuck it. Y'all want to do it? Go ahead. Show me what you got. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. I think to open it up, we could just do the posing for like the first part, and then choreograph later on. Miss Widow, when I started taking control a little bit, I could feel like all daggers pointing at me. I think we should start on stage. I think that would be best. So it starts with me and Venom. -She called me Venom. -Venom, oh, my God. -Why'd I call you Venom? -Venom? I think we should go a little bit like cliche rap song. When they start clapping, we can just like twerk. I can't twerk. You can twerk, Brita. Come on. Brita has a hard time catching up with the choreography, and she seems to be shaking in her boots. In New York, she has such a big reputation. So I'm surprised to see her kind of buckling under the pressure. But you ain't that bitch. It's unanimous, uh, uh, I'm that bitch. Wait. One minute. Sorry. Okay, we have some work to do. Homework. We're gonna need to practice. I mean, we still have parts to like figure out, though. At the end of the day, I'm nervous as hell. We barely have anything. Like I can't go home. I have to represent for New York City. [pretending to cry] Oh, my God!subtitle That's right. Come on! First runway. It is time for us to get ready for the first judging, and the motherfucking stakes are high. Last night's rehearsal was shit, and I am nervous as all hell. I'm glad we got to work a little bit more last night. I stayed up all night long, practicing, so... I did not sleep a wink. I didn't get to rehearse like everyone else did last night, so I'm a little worried. Why? What's up? I actually had a really bad allergic reaction, and I had to be taken to the emergency room. Last night? After an hour of sleep, I'm running on adrenaline, so, I mean, we'll see. We're relying on you to turn some stunts and tricks in this number, so... I'm a little nervous because back at home, I'm known as a dancer. And if I go home on a dance challenge, that's gonna be like the crack of the century for me. -Jackie. -Yeah? So I know that you have a Persian background. Yeah, we're like international queens, I was born in Canada, but I'm half Persian. I'm terrified of Persian people seeing this and like, what's that gonna be like, because it's not okay. Like being gay is still punishable by death in Iran. -Really? -Yeah. Oh, my God. I've never met another Persian drag queen. I know very few Persian members of the queer community because it's such a dishonor to your family, and that's where I struggle. Because I really started to embrace my Persian heritage, but also knowing that there's a pretty oppressive government in Iran that would rather see me dead. My experience living in Morocco. I moved there when I was 12, which is like-- When you're queer, like 12 starts to get to be the age where you start to realize that you're different. And being in a country, like, say, where you could go to jail for being who you are. Is it illegal in Morocco, too? If you kiss someone in public, people can call the cops and you end up in jail. Wow. So I didn't come out until I came back to my country because I didn't feel safe at all. We complain, but there's places where it is way harder for us to just even exist. But we got to keep fighting for it, because this election is coming up, and I don't want this country to go the way of some others. Nope, nope, amen. I want any kid who feels like they're culturally not allowed to be who they are to realize that you can be gay and a drag queen and anything you want to be. Are you guys feeling ready for the choreography? Yesterday during rehearsals I was feeling very overwhelmed. Oh, my God, me, too. Widow, I can tell you were getting a little frustrated yesterday in rehearsal. You still mad at us? No. Did you let it go? I know I'm gonna stand out in my part, but I'm worried that Jackie and Brita are gonna throw me under the bus because I was nominated as the dancing choreographer. And I don't want to go down with this ship. [RuPaul laughs] ♪ Cover girl, put the bass in your walk ♪ ♪ Head to toe let your whole body talk ♪ RuPaul: And what? Welcome to the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race. She's got that super bass, Michelle Visage. Darling, did you use the wrong door? Did I? I mean, I came in where the queen was supposed to come in through. I think you're supposed to be over here. Please don't tell me I did something wrong. I don't want to get in trouble by Ru. [RuPaul laughs] Oh, she's coming. Okay. You're doing great. [Michelle laughs] I'm going as fast as I can, Ru. ♪ Cover girl, put the bass in your walk ♪ ♪ Head to toe let your whole body talk ♪ RuPaul: And what? Welcome to the main stage of Nicki Minaj's Drag Race. [all laugh] Aah! I'm so glad you're here. Young Money in the house. Brrrrr! [laughs] Her anaconda do, Michelle Visage. You should know what my anaconda do. Style superstar Carson Kressley. You ready? I'm ready to pound the alarm! Even though I've never pounded anything in my life. [all laugh] I haven't. Not yet. This week, in honor of our extra-special guest judge, we challenged our first seven queens to introduce themselves with an original rap. Gentlemen, start your engines, and may the best woman win! Hey, world, it's the premiere of I'm That Bitch. ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ That's the way it is ♪ ♪ Don't--don't-- don't you wish ♪ ♪ You could be that rich? ♪ ♪ But you ain't that bitch ♪ ♪ It's unanimous ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ That's the way it is ♪ ♪ Don't--don't-- don't you wish ♪ ♪ You could be that rich? ♪ ♪ But you ain't that bitch ♪ ♪ It's unanimous ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ Looking at these ho's, you can tell I'm the one ♪ ♪ 'Cause they be givin' up and I'm not even done ♪ ♪ I came here to win and I ain't leavin' till I won ♪ ♪ And while I'm snatching crown ♪ ♪ Imma have a lot of fun ♪ ♪ It's Brita, bitch, Imma say it again ♪ ♪ If you don't remember, better grab a pen ♪ ♪ B-R-I-T-A, that's the end ♪ ♪ I'm a fiercer bitch than you've ever been ♪ ♪ I'm that bitch don't you know, you'll never be ♪ ♪ Missouri girl ready for the world to love me ♪ ♪ I'm here to take the crown ♪ ♪ Make my mama proud ♪ ♪ Some say I'm weird, but they're just lame ♪ ♪ Go fix your mug, we're not the same ♪ ♪ My looks are flawless, and, yeah, I'm so dusted ♪ ♪ I'll have you all screaming Crystal Methyd ♪ ♪ Good morning, campers ♪ ♪ Good morning, Miss Goode ♪ ♪ Hope you saved room for thirds ♪ ♪ G-G-G-G-Gigi Goode ♪ ♪ I'm a good girl ♪ ♪ And I'm gonna bring the fashion to this bad world ♪ ♪ If you think that I'm conceited ♪ ♪ That's on you, girl ♪ ♪ Mama, I don't want to fight nobody ♪ ♪ I'm just here to win and leave a bitch on read ♪ ♪ In case you forgot, let me remind you that ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ It's the way it is ♪ ♪ Don't--don't-- don't you wish ♪ ♪ You could be that rich? ♪ ♪ But you ain't that bitch, it's unanimous ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ That's the way it is ♪ ♪ Don't--don't-- don't you wish ♪ ♪ You could be that rich? ♪ ♪ But you ain't that bitch, it's unanimous ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ Heidi to the Closet is her name ♪ ♪ Being soft and supple is her game ♪ ♪ She's a young fierce diva coming from the East Coast ♪ ♪ And she's 'bout to slay every one of her souls ♪ ♪ She'll never back down and she'll face her fears ♪ ♪ You could even say she's wise beyond her years ♪ ♪ She's a small-town queen with no time to waste ♪ ♪ Her first bout up and it's won first place ♪ ♪ Hey, I'm Jackie Miss Cox if you're naughty ♪ ♪ Just like my girls Laverne, Deb, and Courtney ♪ ♪ Giving schatzi style, take it to the floor ♪ ♪ I'm not just the Persian princess next door ♪ ♪ Fab, funny, feminine, and absolutely fierce ♪ ♪ So salaam, nasty boys, that's how I say cheers ♪ ♪ From the streets of Hell's Kitchen right to the runway ♪ ♪ This beat is so bitchin' you better say shantay ♪ ♪ In case you forgot ♪ ♪ Let me remind you that ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ That's the way it is ♪ ♪ Don't--don't-- don't you wish ♪ ♪ You could be that rich? ♪ ♪ But you ain't that bitch, it's unanimous ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ That's the way it is ♪ ♪ Don't--don't-- don't you wish ♪ ♪ You could be that rich? ♪ ♪ But you ain't that bitch, it's unanimous ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ And I say, girl, I is in town ♪ ♪ The new look, one that brings the house down ♪ ♪ Watch me prance my way to the ground ♪ ♪ Are you ready? Uh-uh, are you ready? ♪ ♪ There's power in fashion, it's what I bring to you ♪ ♪ And I guarantee you ain't no movie, boo ♪ ♪ Somebody to New York to au revoir ♪ ♪ Fasten your seatbelt, enjoy the ride ♪ ♪ In it tonight serving Aphrodite ♪ ♪ KC MO is where you can find me ♪ ♪ I wouldn't try me low key or high key ♪ ♪ No, Widow Von'Du, yes, bitch, I might be ♪ ♪ The baddest bitch alive, ain't no surprise ♪ ♪ Girls get mad when they look at these thighs ♪ ♪ As they rub together like they harmonize ♪ ♪ And I'm still serving looks when I'm eatin' these fries ♪ ♪ In case you forgot ♪ ♪ Let me remind you that ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ That's the way it is ♪ ♪ Don't--don't-- don't you wish ♪ ♪ You could be that rich? ♪ ♪ But you ain't that bitch, it's unanimous ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ ♪ That's the way it is ♪ ♪ Don't--don't-- don't you wish ♪ ♪ You could be that rich? ♪ ♪ But you ain't that bitch, it's unanimous ♪ ♪ I--I--I'm that bitch ♪ [cheers and applause] ♪ Love you, you're a superstar ♪ Category is Sparkle. First up, Brita. How's your head...wrap? [all laugh] Brita: I am serving sparkle everywhere. There are so many mirrors on this jumpsuit, I am a damn disco ball. Nicki: Yes, ma'am. RuPaul: Brita, please. [all laugh] Crystal Methyd. Carson: What the hell? Crystal: Walking down this runway for the first time, I am feeling hot. This outfit represents my drag because I love dressing up like a beautiful monster. Nicki: Yummy. RuPaul: I guess it's today, Satan. [all laugh] Gigi Goode. Carson: Worst case of helmet hair I've ever seen. Michelle: She's jaded. Gigi: Gigi does not use rhinestones, so tonight on the runway I'm using glitter. Just head to toe, clean lines. I feel stunning. Nicki: Yes, chicness. Love it. Michelle: The bike still running? Heidi N Closet. Michelle: Heidi sings the blues. Heidi: I am living my rich woman fantasy, and I'm going slow. And I want them to count every last one of these riboles. I want them to know she paid a nice dollar for this gown. RuPaul: Come on, pussycat wig! Michelle: Yes! Carson: I got to pick up some ramen noodles. That reminds me. [all laugh] RuPaul: Jackie Cox. You've got to climb Mount Everest to reach The Valley of the Dolls. Jackie: I'm walking out like I'm emerging from her boudoir. And she takes her doll and that doll will make her sparkle, Jackie, sparkle! You got a prescription for those? Jackie: This outfit is very representative of Jackie because it's a little retro, but has a little bit of that modern twist. RuPaul: Miss Bouvier, you stay. Carson: Oh, bee-hive now. RuPaul: That's a reach. I'll leave the way I came in. Nicky Doll. Carson: I've heard of feathered hair, but never a feathered bosom. Nicky: My runway look tonight is iron, metal-like feathers. Vixen makeup, bad bitch that you don't want to mess with. And I'm here to con-kere. Con-kere? Conquer. Conquer. I'm here to conquer. RuPaul: Mask for mask. Widow Von'Du. Oh, damn! She's ready for takeoff. Michelle: She is. Nicki: I love the earrings. Obsessed. Widow: My drag is in your face, like you can't help but look at it and that's what my sparkle look is. It's what Judy Jetson would wear after she took over the company. Now she saying, "Bitch better have my sprockets." [laughs] RuPaul: It's like the Sydney Opera House. It is. Why go all the way there when you can just look at her shoulders? RuPaul: Yeah. [all laugh] RuPaul: Welcome, ladies. Now it's time for the judges' critiques, starting with Brita. Hello, Brita. Hi, nice to meet you. The thing that stands out to me about you is your energy. You seem inviting. That's really, really a good thing in show business. Your looks in the fashion show were both very beautiful. You know how to shape your body. I can tell that just from seeing you on one episode. This runway look certainly is sparkly, but what I'm really appreciating are all the details. You're creating a narrow waist with the peplum flare. You look like a pro. Thank you. Your lyrics didn't really tell me much about you except that you want to win. And what I love about what we're doing here is we're taking the time to really get to know each and every one of you. Because when you're all crammed together, we don't get as much time. But when we want to get to know you, we want to get to know you. 100%. I know they said you didn't say too much. But as a rapper, to me, what you said about yourself was that you're cocky, you are optimistic, and you don't doubt yourself. And when it comes to rap or show business, I think those three things are actually really, really freakin' good! Thank you so much. Aah! Up next, Crystal Methyd. Are those boots Prada? No. It was The Devil Wears Prada joke. Anyway... Just note to the director. Put some laugh track under his last statement. [all laugh] My favorite thing that you did was that Freddy Krueger fashion. It was very gorgeous, very chic. The bandages, the hair, genius idea. With your rap, I love that you said "Make my mama proud," because ultimately, that's what we all want to do. I mean, that's what I wanted to do when I started rapping. So, tch-tch, good job with that. Tonight, she's cute, she's costume-y. I can't wait to see what else you got in your wheelhouse. Thank you. Up next, Gigi Goode. Your fashion show choices were fantastic. You love a helmet, too. Three out of four looks have incorporated helmets. I do love a helmet. [all laugh] What I loved the most about your rap is that you had a double entendre in it. I'm just here to win and leave a bitch on read. Literally, I would steal that line. Like, that's a real rap line, and I want you to really understand that's a real rap line. Because you're talking about reading a bitch and also leaving them on read on your phone. So when I saw that you said that, I was like, who the fuck is this bitch? [all laugh] Up next, Heidi N Closet. -Heidi N Closet. -Yeah. What made you choose that name? I was from a very small town and there's a lot of straight men who would always try to get my goodies. So basically it was a lot of undercover brothers trying to holler at you where you from. Oh, all of them. Heidi N Closet, What was your second choice? Sasha Nicole Fierce, but you didn't-- [laughs] -No. -Okay, this is where I'm gonna press the trap door button. Aah! Where are you from? Small-town girl, you said. I'm from Ramseur, North Crack-i-lacky, and we're outnumbered by chickens. B-b-b-b-b-bawk. [laughs] In the fashion show, you know, you had a moment with your headpiece falling off. You did pick it up and carry on, so I want to applaud you on that. Thank you. And then this look on the runway, it's opalescent oppalance. But I hate, hate, hate your hair and makeup today. The wig and the makeup could have enhanced your face even more to match this beautiful gown that you have on. What's your experience like in this challenge? It's been crazy. Last night I got back to the hotel and just welts and hives just started down my arms and down my legs, and I had to go to the ER. Wow. So you had an allergic reaction last night? Yes, I did. We narrowed it down to the hotel's detergent or something that I may have ate for the first time, kale. That'll do it. Kale will not do that, no. Goddamn kale. I'll never eat kale again. Don't--oh, my goodness. Never! If you were hospitalized last night and you came out here and did the performance you did, you are a superstar and you have a very genuine spirit and your spirit shines. Up next, Jackie Cox. Salaam, RuPaul June. Sounds delicious. I'll have two. I want to talk about your fashion looks right away because they were some of my favorites. I loved the Spring. it was very sixties, very Laugh-In, very Oleg Cassini. And I love this look. Your rap was so fantastic. I really got to know who you were from that. I love that you said "Just like my girls, Laverne, Deb, and Courtney." And I love that you rhymed naughty with Courtney because most people would have had the obvious rhyme scheme for a word like naughty, you know. I love that you're a proud Persian queen. One thing that I am going to tell you because you are of Persian decent and your hair is dark, we're already seeing the bleed-through on the beard. This is going to be the bane of your existence. But if you need help with something, now is the time to look around and say "I love the way you do this. Can you give me some tips?" You got it, Michelle. All right, we've got another Nicky in our midst, Nicky Doll. Hi, RuPaul. Let's talk about your fashion looks. That beautiful kind of hasidic meets Jean Paul Gaultier, which was really chic. This look is something that like Pink or Robyn would wear on a tour. Like, it is stunning. Your face is just shutting everybody down. You look like a Barbie out of the box. Thank you so much. I wanted to let you know also that I named myself Nicky Doll after you. Well, you are doing me proud. Tonight in your performance, I felt you a little bit unsure of yourself. What was going on with that? I just feel like I've been watching the show for so many years overseas. And standing there in front of all of you, it was just overwhelming. You never have to second guess it. The reason you're here is because Ru picked you. So just let those voices go away 'cause they don't matter. How do you say saboteur in French? -Saboteur. -It's a French word. [mouthing] Oh, you knew that? Put the laugh track in over that. I got it. I laughed. Up next, Widow Von'Du. I love the Missy Elliot kind of reference with the neoprene neon. You put your thing down, you flipped it and reversed it with that hood action. Ooh, going there. Yeah, you know I'm into a little bit of rap myself. [all laugh] What I loved most was your rap and the performance. It was some next-level shit. Thank you. Lyrically, Miss Lady, when I heard the line, "'cause they rub together like they harmonize," I was like in here screaming. I was just like, yes, thank you! RuPaul: Thank you, ladies. I think we've heard enough. Now, while you untuck backstage, the judges and I will deliberate. All right, now just between us Barbs, what do you think? Brita. I mean, I just like her energy. She's so positive and has a joy about her that I kind of want to see more of that. When a person can make you feel happy, that transference of energy, like that goes a long way. Crystal Methyd. I get a little bit worried when they pigeon-hole themselves into one specific thing. 'Cause she had the same makeup on for the fashion show. If she can step up with the fashion and the makeup and match that with how funny she is and how charismatic she is, then she is going to be like such a big threat. Gigi Goode. She nailed it on a different level with that green and the latex. Oh, my God. And it looks like she has a personality under that, too. 'Cause a lot of times, fashion queens will come on, they're like, "I'm fashion, I'm fashion," and there's no personality there, So to have her like that with a personality is very exciting. Heidi N Closet. It is my job to convince her to change that name. Worst name ever, but in the performance, I mean, she was like reenacting Death Becomes Her. Her head was like everywhere. When you can perform like that while still lip syncing and like slay-ana all day, like that in itself is a show. I think Slay-ana is a better name then Heidi N Closet. [all laugh] Absolutely. Jackie Cox. Well, I love all Cox. -Same. -Especially Jackie. She's very smart. Her lyrics showed that. She's in on the joke with us and like knows how to play to us without playing to us. I like that. She gets fashion. She gets period fashion. She gets fashion, period. [all laugh] Nicky Doll, en francais. Her performance in and of itself was good. But when she was doing the group parts, I saw her kind of really laying back and being insecure. So I worry about that. But something about that accent just gave me everything I didn't know I needed. Like, coupled with the fact that she was more laidback in the performance to me made her now turn into this mysterious Paris girl. She knows how to do her own makeup, she knows high fashion, and she's drop-dead beautiful, period. Widow Von'Du. Her Spring runway was fun. It was like this is bad-ass. When you put her on that stage, she shines. And that's what we love, seeing people perform. At the end of the day, you can wear a beautiful dress, beautiful this, beautiful that. But we like attitude and charisma on the stage and energy and fun, and she brought all of that. I want to see more, more, more. I want to see what the Widow's gonna Von'Du! Up in her! Now, Nicki, I'm curious. What would your I'm That Bitch rap sound like? Okay, I would say something like this. ♪ First, I'm that bitch, Imma only say it one time ♪ ♪ I body all these bitches with just one rhyme ♪ ♪ Chew 'em up, spit 'em out like it's gum time ♪ ♪ Chinese bangs, ponytail in a bun time ♪ ♪ Fat ass and my titties stay perky ♪ ♪ Bad ass, but I'm still a little quirky ♪ ♪ American Express in my Burqy ♪ ♪ If he got a real big P, he could hurt me ♪ ♪ Real rap we don't with the sides ♪ ♪ Came from nothing I beat the odds ♪ ♪ Pretty queen thing, but young Nicki Minaj ♪ ♪ Queen RuPaul, Carson, and Ms. Visage ♪ -Yes! -I love it. I love it! Yay, Nicki. That's what I would say, something like that, yeah. Well, that's why you're the queen. Thank you. All right, silence. I've made my decision. Bring back my girls. Welcome back, ladies. I've made some decisions. Brita, grab a pen and sign yourself up for another week. -You're safe. -Thank you so much. You may step to the back of the stage. Jackie Cox. You've got real Persian-ality. [all laugh] You're safe. Thank you. Crystal Methyd. You've got great style, but remember, the devil's in the details. You're safe. Nicky Doll, the first rule of Drag Race is do not second-guess yourself. You're safe. Thank you. You may join the other girls. Heidi N Closet. Your performance gave us a severe reaction. You're safe. You may join the other girls. Thank you. I'm in the bottom? I am trying so hard not to cry. I want to throw some shit,verify but I can't because ain't nothin' close.subtitle I don't even know what to think. Did I really do that bad? Gigi Goode and Widow Von'Du. I'm sorry, my dears, but you... are the top two queens of the week. [applause] [laughs] This week, no one's going home. But there will be one winner. Two queens stand before me. Prior to tonight, you were asked to prepare a lip sync performance of Starships by Nicki Minaj. Ladies, this is your last chance to impress me, earn the first win of the season, and a cash tip. $5.000. Child. The time has come... [thunder] for you to lip sync... [echoing] for your life! Girl, I'm revving my engine. Fucking Nicki Minaj is waiting to see meverify - Shit, or Fuck. lip sync to her song. Oh, trust, I am not losing this, bitch. 'Cause I'm about to wear you out like good beef. [snaps fingers] Good luck, and don't fuck it up. [music plays] One moment. [all laugh] ♪ Uh, let's go to the beach each let's go get a wave ♪ ♪ They, they, what they gonna say ♪ ♪ Have a drink, clink, found a Bud Light ♪ ♪ Bad bitches like me is hard to come by ♪ ♪ The patron own, let's go get it on ♪ ♪ The zone on, yes, I'm in the zone ♪ ♪ Is it two, three? Leave a good tip ♪ ♪ Imma blow off my money and don't give two ♪ ♪ I'm on the floor, floor, I love to dance ♪ ♪ So give me more, more till I can't stand ♪ ♪ Get on the floor, floor like it's your last chance ♪ ♪ If you want more, more, then here I am ♪ ♪ Starships were meant to fly ♪ ♪ Hands up and touch the sky ♪ ♪ Let's do this one last time ♪ ♪ Can't stop, we're higher than a mother-- ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪ ♪ Hey, hey, hey, hey ♪ ♪ We're higher than a mother-- ♪ Gigi: My favorite thing to do when I lip sync is just be so seamlessly gorgeous and fashion. ♪ We're higher than a mother-- ♪ And then flip it around and turn it into comedy. ♪ Now everybody let me hear you say ray, ray, ray ♪ ♪ Now spend all your money 'cause today payday ♪ ♪ And if you're a G, you a G-G-G ♪ ♪ My name is Onika, you can call me Nicki ♪ ♪ Get on the floor, floor like it's your last chance ♪ ♪ If you want more, more, then here I am ♪ ♪ Starships were meant to fly ♪ ♪ Hands up and touch the sky ♪ ♪ Let's do this one last time ♪ ♪ Can't stop, we're higher than a mother-- ♪ I can tell that Miss Nicki is getting her motherfucking life! ♪ Higher than a mother-- ♪ If you ever need a bitch in a video, call a ho ♪ ♪ Starships were meant to fly ♪ ♪ Let's do this one more time ♪ ♪ Starships were meant to fly ♪ ♪ Hands up and touch the sky ♪ ♪ Let's do this one last time ♪ ♪ Can't stop, we're higher than a mother-- ♪ ♪ We're higher than a mother-- ♪ ♪ We're higher than a mother-- ♪ [cheers and applause] Epic-ness! O-M-G! Wow. That was a fantastic lip sync. And I've made my decision. [exhales] Widow Von'Du... you're a winner, baby. [applause] Epic, epic, epic, epic, epic, epic, epic. It means so much. Con-drag-ulations. You've won $5.000 provided by Bubly Sparkling Water. Thank you. What? [laughs] Gigi Goode, you were fantastic, and you are safe to slay another day. Thank you so much. And con-drag-ulations, ladies. But don't get too comfortable, because there are more queens clocking in soon. What do you mean, Ru? No more ho's! I'm not letting them take my spot in this competition. And remember this, if you can't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else? Can I get an "Amen" up in here? -Amen! -Amen! All right, now let the music play! ♪ I am American, American ♪ ♪ The red, white, and blue ♪ ♪ I am American, American ♪ ♪ Just like you, too ♪register to vote RuPaul: Next time on RuPaul's Drag Race... Welcome to the second premiere of RuPaul's Drag Race 2020. -Mm! -You're a feast! [all laugh] Are you ready to meet the other queens? Bitch, what? -What's going on? -What's happening? I hope these bitches are ready to eat the leftovers. ♪ I am American, American, American ♪ ♪ I am American, American ♪ ♪ The red, white, and blue ♪ ♪ I am American, American, American ♪ ♪ I am American, American ♪ ♪ Just like you, too ♪ ♪ Am-Am-Am-Am-American, American, American ♪ ♪ I am American, American ♪ ♪ The red, white, and blue ♪ ♪ I am American, American ♪ ♪ Just like you, too ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 