The Batman: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Batman 
 s1e2 - Call of the Cobblepot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Batman (2004–2008): Season 1, Episode 2 - Call of the Cobblepot - full transcript 
 "Ozzy" Cobblepot, aka Penguin, has delusions of rebuilding the lost Cobblepot fortune, via high-flying robberies employing various trained birds. Unaware of Cobblepot's criminal plans, ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Why are we meeting here? Everyone knows he's attracted to shadows. Relax. The Batman thinks we split Gotham months ago. He dismantled my operation brick by brick. Took down all my men single-handedly. I can't even sleep nights. Batman. I know. He ruined me too. But you can kiss those worries goodbye. I found the solution to our problem. A mercenary volunteered for some physical enhancements... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 in a secret lab deep in the Amazon. Wild, eh? - Yeah, we got the money. - We're in. Gentlemen, meet Bane. Are you sure this guy can take down The Batman? Just because he wears a mask doesn't make him some kind of superman. There is much more to me than meets the eye. Neat. Master Bruce. Master Bruce! Alfred. Your nachos, sir. Let's get that bandaged. Merely a flesh wound. I do believe my military medical training has equipped me to deal with such injuries. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And that would be for...? Don't know yet, but it sure is cool. If only the engineers at Wayne Industries... knew their cutting-edge tech was being used to assist The Batman. If only we could build a cleaning robot to assist The Batman's butler. Construction? This time of night? The Batwave. Bennett, we have an armored-car assault... by an unknown masked assailant. Masked? Maybe The Batman decided being a vigilante didn't pay. Money's still here. I've been baited. The Batman, I presume. The masked look must really be catching on. Defeat me, and I will allow you to remove it. Hate to disappoint, but I don't fight for sport. Then fight for your life! Talk to me. You can start with name and motive. I am Bane... the last opponent you will ever face. Lights out, Batman. Go on. Flee. Take the money! Take it! Pocket change. With The Batman gone, all Gotham is mine. Alfred... need pickup. He's still here. Check it out. - What happened? - Big guy. Wears a mask. - The Batman? - Bigger. Threw The Batman through that wall. Okay. if a dude were buff enough to toss Bats through bricks... There's no way The Batman could have walked away from it. So where'd he go? Dispatch, requesting all-points bulletin on masked suspect... in vicinity of Rogers and Engelhart. Be advised, perp is extremely dangerous. And send units to all area hospitals. We're looking for any new admissions with multiple fractures. If we find the patient, we find our Batman. Come on. Let's secure the scene. What do you say we have a look? Could be license and registration in the glove box. Oh, dear. Hey! How'd it do that? We're nearly to the hospital, sir. Shan't be a moment. Merely a flesh wound. Oh, no. I may have been a field medic in the military, but I am hardly capable of... - Alfred. - You have broken bones. You may be bleeding internally. You need serious medical attention, Master Bruce. No hospitals. I'm afraid this is out of your hands, sir. You see, we're already... What's this I hear about the cops combing the hospitals looking for The Batman? I thought this guy was supposed to solve our problems. If I did not break all The Batman's bones... I guarantee you, I broke his spirit. Being summoned to pick you up has never been a good omen, Master Bruce. Someone's here for you, son. Oh, Master Bruce. I am so very sorry. I can never replace them. But I promise you, I will never, ever leave your side. Please, Master Bruce. Be strong. Bane takes whatever he wants. And never cleans up after himself. - Here we go. - Detectives. - Have there been any breakthroughs? - We're doing everything we can. What about The Batman? It's rumored he hasn't been seen or heard from since this Bane came on the scene. We're operating under the assumption... that The Batman is no more. There you have it. Gotham PD seems no closer to stopping this tremendous threat. It's been three weeks since this crime spree began. And the juggernaut known as Bane remains at large. Back to you, Jim. The police can't handle Bane. Neither, apparently, could The Batman. Do try and rest, sir. I've spread word you'll be on holiday for some time... so no one should come bothering. Alfred. Gotham needs The Batman. Sir, I don't want to speak out of turn, but if Gotham thinks The Batman is no more... perhaps it is for the best. Perhaps Bruce Wayne can heal... and finally get on with his life. Your favorite, sir. Enchiladas mole. - And you are doing what? - What you suggested, Alfred. Getting on with my life. Interesting interpretation, but know that if you intend to face this Bane again... you may need to find another butler/physician/getaway driver. I understand, Alfred. Oh, very well, then. Let's get to work, shall we? All units, disturbance at 437 Adams. Masked intruder on premises. This is Yin. I'm in the neighborhood. I'll check it out. Yin, Bennett. Thought we were off duty. Bane didn't get that memo. Wait for my backup. Yin. Yin, do you copy? Gotham PD Put your hands in the air. Good night, detective. You did survive. Master Bruce, how are things in the Batbot? According to Batwave, all systems go. All right. Stairs it is. Yin. Need an ambulance, 437 Adams, and every available unit for backup. The Batman. Dispatch, cancel backup. Just the ambulance. You cannot beat Bane. I left you with some dignity last time... but now I will unmask you... then break the rest of your bones. Alfred, need pickup. Right away, sir. Bane was found unconscious at the scene amid signs of a struggle. But who Bane struggled with remains a mystery. Back to you, Jim. - So The Batman returns. - Hard to tell. There was something different about him. You know, that doesn't change things. I know. Will you be requiring the Batbot, sir? I just need to watch those sudden moves. Jolly good, then, sir. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 