The Batman: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Batman 
 s1e5 - The Man Who Would Be Bat - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Batman (2004–2008): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Man Who Would Be Bat - full transcript 
 Batman instantly blamed for the numerous attacks involving a bat-like creature occurring throughout Gotham City. With the police hot on his tail Bruce must subdue the real perpetrator. A lab technician who possesses a serum that allows him to instantly become a giant bat creature. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 And now for the weather: Hot, hot, hot. Gotham City is sizzling in a heat wave, and there's no end in sight. Sweltering weather we're having tonight. Skipper, what's our procedure in case of an iceberg? An iceberg? In Gotham Bay? In this heat? Little buddy, I guarantee we don't have a procedure for... Mayday! Mayday! Weather's a bit muggy. You are not welcome here, Mr.... Mr...? Freeze will do. Mr. Freeze, you do not have permission to come aboard... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What do you want? Ice. - I don't understand. - Think about it. Think fast. Have an ice evening. All crime fighting and no play make Master Bruce an extremely dull boy. Even the Batman deserves to go on holiday once in a while, wouldn't you say? Alfred, you know how stir-crazy I'd be lying on some beach. Which is why I've arranged for an athletic retreat. A way to hone the Batman's body and reflexes. Not to mention escape this heat wave. You've booked reservations, haven't you? If I go, it's only to make you happy. The Batwave. The mind-boggling jewelry theft here at Gotham Harbor... has left one man frozen solid... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 not to mention an actual iceberg floating in Gotham Bay. Little is known about the bizarre perpetrator calling himself Mr. Freeze. There, you see. It's a sign. A winter retreat is in your future. What is that? Will my husband be all right? He's hypothermic, ma'am, but he'll pull through. No thanks to that maniac. - So how'd he do it? - Not sure. But the victim seems to have been flash-frozen. - He walked on water? - Froze it first. Made a path of solid ice straight to the shore. Well, no sign of that now. Trail went cold. So to speak. Trail wasn't quite cold enough. Not in this weather. Not cold enough to the naked eye. But in infrared... Freeze's trail is as clear as crystal. And his trail leads clear across Gotham. Mind if I help myself? I didn't think so. The choice cuts must be in the icebox. Lovely little glaciers. The Batman. I thought you would never arrive. I have been looking forward to our reunion. Reunion? Exercise will keep you warm for only so long. Slowing, aren't we? That would be the hypothermia setting in. We both recognize the symptoms. Reaction time slows. Reflexes grow sluggish. Next come the hallucinations, lack of consciousness... and finally, the big chill! You keep talking as if we've met, mister. Victor Fries? But you're... If I'm no longer living, Batman, you are the one who iced me. Allow me to return the favor. You? I've had a makeover since our paths last crossed. I was just Victor Fries then, common bank robber. But I'd hit the big time. Diamonds. The biggest score of my former life. No way I'm letting some bat-creep throw me in the cooler. The icy hand of fate led me to that cryonics lab. - My diamonds. - Fries, no! No! I was electrocuted. At the same instant, the blood froze in my veins. Was I still among the living? Presumably, the experts would determine that... but I made their job easy for them. My body had mutated. Neither living nor dead. I was a walking cryonic miracle. Though some might consider me a monstrosity. It didn't take much for me to motivate an expert in the field... to produce a suit to contain my frosty disposition. Until I so choose to disperse it. Thank you for creating me, Batman. Now... goodbye. Police! Freeze! As you wish. Another time, then, Batman. Unless you catch your death of cold. - He's gone. - But he left us a present. Bennett here. Need paramedics. Fast. Hey, while we're waiting, we could take a peek. Whoa, hold up. Can't say I'm not curious, Yin, but somehow it doesn't seem right. Hey, Bats got into this pickle because he was trying to stop Freeze. I'm sure the Batman means well, but he's still a vigilante. And according to the law, Batman, that makes you a criminal just like the rest. Yin, hold up. What's that? Something cold to drink, Master Bruce? Master Bruce. 104.8. It's official, Master Bruce. You are running a fever. - Freeze. - This Earl Grey will warm you. No. Freeze. It's my fault he's what he is. - Master Bruce? - Yin was right. I'm not helping the law. I'm just breaking it. Master Bruce, you really must rest. Right, Alfred. Maybe it is time for the Batman to take a vacation. A permanent one. Baby, it's cold outside. You there! Freeze! I'm a criminal... like the rest. I should give it up. I would be more than delighted to encourage you... to hang up the cape and cowl out of concern for your general health and welfare. But you would only hold it against me once your fever broke... and you came to your senses. Master Bruce? Master Bruce? Alfred? Alfred? Regained some of our fire, have we? The Batman's needed. I thought as much. That's why I've taken the liberty of weatherproofing your suit. The crime spree of Mr. Freeze continues. He was last seen entering Gotham Municipal Park. But the police, who entered in pursuit, have yet to emerge. Let it snow. Now, don't forget your cough syrup. We're gonna need arctic-survival gear if we wanna get our men any closer to that dome. Getting warm. It was all too easy. The diamonds, the police. Challenges for an ordinary criminal. It's clear now that I am destined for more than this. After all, you've made me more than human. Sorry, Vic, but I'm done taking credit for your handiwork. We both know you put yourself on ice. I'm here to bring on the thaw. Go on, then. Bring it! Slick as ice, Batman. But I won't need to see you when you're buried! You're finished, Batman. I'm king of the mountain, the new emperor of Gotham! So get used to the weather. No, Freeze. This is my mountain. Cold always triumphs over heat. Two words, Batman: snow tires. Let's go. Bats may be a criminal... but he's my kind of criminal. Hot tea and a lozenge, sir? Cold drink on a warm beach? The Batwave. Another time, then. Tahiti will have to wait. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 