The Batman: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Batman 
 s1e7 - The Big Heat - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Batman (2004–2008): Season 1, Episode 7 - The Big Heat - full transcript 
 A supervillain who calls himself "Firefly" is burning property around Gotham City. Meanwhile, Bruce Wayne has his own problems. Wayne Enterprises is about to lose out on a major contract on the children's hospital. After a tangle with Firefly, Wayne misses a city council meeting. Wayne Enterprises misses out, and the contract goes to GothCorp. Alfred and Bruce research GothCorp, and the truth becomes apparent. Firefly has been damaging property owned by GothCorp's competitors. Gothcorp benefits from Firefly's actions. When one of Wayne Enterprises' buildings is attacked, Batman finds himself up against Firefly. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Master Bruce, haven't we discussed not staying out late on school nights? What is it, Alfred? I thought it fit to remind you of your meeting with the mayor tomorrow. Actually, that would be this morning, now. The glass has been seared. Just like at the research lab two nights ago. Off you go, then. Working late? The night shift. Like you, Batman. You're full of surprises. I'm Firefly. Get it? Fire and fly. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You're gonna pay for that. Next time. Alfred, I've met our arsonist. He targets computers. Not sure why. But he has a jet pack and laser technology like nothing I've ever... Alfred? Firefly, huh? Don't let that photograph fool you, Bruce. I may be holding that fish, but your father caught it. Dad always did subscribe to charity, Mayor Grange. Bruce, it's been too long. But unfortunately, I didn't call you here for a social visit. Wayne Foundation business? Bruce, there's no easy way to say this. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 As you may know, the city's about to award the contract to rebuild... and expand the children's hospital. Right. To the Wayne Foundation. The city council is leaning toward Gothcorp. - What? - Bruce... Wayne Industries and the Foundation have supported the hospital... - since my father founded it. - Bruce... Gothcorp isn't known for its acts of public service. They're known for allegations, investigations, resignations. Too many "ations" for my taste. Bruce, the council isn't concerned with Gothcorp's reputation. They're leery of yours. - Mine? - Your public image. Well, let's just say it doesn't inspire much confidence. Look, your father was one of my closest friends. I see him in you. But the council, they see you as, well... A party boy. Mayor Grange, let me make the case for the Wayne Foundation. Give me the chance to convince them. Please. The council's voting on the contract tomorrow at 8:00 a.m., sharp. And wear a tie. I'll be here at the top of my game. Eight a.m. is bright and early for you, Master Bruce. Perhaps you should think about getting some rest. No. Not until I've gathered enough ammo... regarding Gothcorp's questionable business practices. The children's hospital was my father's personal cause, Alfred. I need to be certain I can sway the council's vote. The Batwave. Police alert. The security system of a law firm's been tripped. On the 64th floor? Firefly. I can't be in two places at once. I'm quite the researcher, you know, sir. Thank you, Alfred. I won't be long. Firefly's work, all right. But a law firm doesn't fit the profile. Well, well. So the bat has wings. You got some wings. Let's play some chicken. Oh, no. Tear gas? I'll give you something to cry about. He's toying with me. So long, Batman. Master Bruce? Master Bruce? Are you there? Please answer. Master Bruce, are you all right? Alfred? I've been trying to reach you for hours. - The communicator wasn't-- - Hours? Alfred, what time is it? Five minutes to 8. The council's voting on the contract at 8:00 a.m., sharp. Do you have the research? In the Batmobile with a fresh change of clothes and your electric razor. Don't forget the tie. Wait! Wait, you blasted machine! Great. No tie. I don't know. I don't see why we should wait for him. Council members. Forgive me for running late, gentlemen. I had a fender-bender on the way, but I'm here now, and I've prepared... I'm sorry, Bruce. The vote has been cast. I see. Thank you, council members. Well, he's no Thomas Wayne. I failed twice today, Alfred. As the Batman and as Bruce Wayne. I tried to do everything and failed to accomplish anything. You are, after all, only one man, Master Bruce. Then maybe it's time to turn Wayne Industries... over to someone capable of running the business side of things. Maybe it's time to be a full-time Batman. Or a full-time Bruce Wayne. Police are still investigating this stream of arsons plaguing Gotham. The latest victim is a law firm... which represents many of Gotham's industrial clients. The firm handled major bankruptcy cases, including Gotham Telecommunications... Bankruptcy? Those companies were arson victims too. In other news tonight... "Gotham Telecom declares bankruptcy after arson." Who'd profit from these companies being out of business? Gothcorp. That's who. It was staring me in the face the whole time. Firefly doesn't commit arson. He commits corporate sabotage, and he's working for Gothcorp. It's no wonder that Gothcorp is so interested in funding the children's hospital. Nothing like a little good PR to distract the public from dirty business. Perhaps the Batman and Bruce Wayne can work together to stop Firefly and Gothcorp. The Batman will fight fire with fire. But first, Bruce Wayne needs to lead a certain moth to flame. And in business, local billionaire Bruce Wayne was in the spotlight again... this time with breaking news at Wayne Industries. I can't reveal details... but in the next few days, Wayne Industries will unveil a prototype... that will make us the premiere technologies company in Gotham. In fact, it will set the tech world on fire. Are you concerned about competition from Gothcorp? Let's just say I wouldn't wanna be Gothcorp right now. Yeah, I'm watching it. No problem. My usual rate. I understand, like the others. Wayne Industries will go down in flames. Firefly. Batman. I see you survived your crackup. I know about Gothcorp. What, is that a rock band or something? For someone who has fun scorching tech companies... hard to believe you've never heard of them. You're done, Firefly. Cooked. Says who? No one touches me in the sky. - What? - This time, I brought the heat. Handles nice. But does it have horsepower? I'm moving to Metropolis. Last chance, Firefly. You're empty. Just you and me. No one touches me. "In the sky"? Face facts, Firefly. You've been burned. "Gothcorp employee of the month"? Well, based on recent facts that have come to light... I suggest the council recast their vote in the matter of the children's hospital... as well as all contracts currently held by Gothcorp. Yes, well... As you know... Terrible situation, of course. Very embarrassing for us. Bruce, your father would be proud of you if he were here today. Thank you, Mayor Grange. I like to think there's more to me than a good-looking tie. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 