The Secret Life of the American Teenager: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Secret Life of the American Teenager 
 s1e10 - Back to School Special - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Secret Life of the American Teenager (2008–2013): Season 1, Episode 10 - Back to School Special - full transcript 
 Adrian's mother encourages Adrian to have a relationship with her father. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 "I'm with stupid." The arrow's pointing up. Isn't it supposed to point at the person next to you? I guess he was admitting the truth. That he was stupid? That no one knows anything. I know he's dead. That's not the truth. It's just a fact. Looks like a rose. Oh, you gonna tell me that's the truth? No, that's just a dead flower. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 we're putting up a parking garage. Eight floors, 500 spaces. What was it before? Storefronts. Most of them vacant for years. We're gonna need to know the name of the store that was in this space. Yeah, i can find that out for you. The guy's been in the ground for who knows how long. We dig him out, then after we're done with him,  we're gonna put him back in. Is there somewhere else you think maybe he should go? Los palmas zen center. In business for two years. From 1995 to 1997. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 went out of business because? The owner, a guy named tim chang,  skipped out owing three months rent. What exactly is a zen center? It's a place where people interested in their spiritual journey sit and do nothing. Which, as it turns out, is nearly impossible. Getting buried alive part of that spiritual journey? Not as a rule, no. Though every center has its own way. "tim chang." i.D.Expired 1998. he's been down there the whole time. Oh, look at this. I used to have one just like this. I remember this model. So cute. Stored, like, ten numbers. The battery is toast. But I can get information off of the chip. Last numbers called, date and time. Who remembers their number from ten years ago? I do. But it wasn't a phone number. Prison Number Looks like he dialed these two numbers a bunch of times on november 30th, 1997. give me a few hours, i can get the backdated reverse directory and give you names to go with those numbers. Or we could just call one. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync:?????? ֥ʿ???? Life Season01 Episode10 Tim chang. I haven't thought of him in years. Ten years. They found him underneath the zen center? Someone buried him while he was still living. My god. How can they even tell that? He had inhaled dirt into his lungs. What was your relationship with tim chang? I didn't have one. But when we dialed that number, it rang here in your house. This wasn't my house ten years ago. It's my husband's house. I moved here after we were married. I was the one who had the relationship with tim. Luke, these are the detectives i told you would be stopping by. Detectives, this is my husband, professor luke dujardin. We're both on staff at u.S.C.Particle physics. But we are not actually on staff there. We are just more likely to be on staff there than not to be on staff there. Don't play with them, darling. They're not your students. They are the police. So they must know everything is in motion. And the particles within everything are never in one place. Therefore, if it's never in one place, it never is, is it? So I'm always in motion. I'm never in one place. I'm never here. Just more like to be here thanan not to be here. I'm not here. You like that, don't you? If only that were true. Luke, they're here to talk about master chang. We uncovered his body under what used to be the zen center. Oh, no. And all this time... Professor dujardin, what was your relationship with tim chang? 12 years ago I suffered from a common ailment in my field. I had a crisis of faith. If you look at anything too closely-- it starts to lose its meaning. And your crisis of faith, master chang helped you through this? Yes, he did. You wouldn't happen to know where you were when tim chang went missing? That was ten years ago. Does anyone know where they were ten years ago? I'm pretty sure I do. We looked for him when he went missing. We went to the zen center every day, but-- amy, those two pot heads with the videotapes. Videotapes? They made an instructional tape with master chang and sold it online. They were so peculiar. I can't remember their names though. See that car, not here. That building, not here. Not actually here, just more likely to be here than not be here. That dog, not here. That girl, not here. Too bad about that. This street. This city. Everything. Not here. If you're not here, then how come I can still see you? I guess not here. If you understand physics, which I really don't. - Hello. - Detective Crews. Those tapes were made by a company based out of an apartment in palms. No longer in business. I did, however, track down the owners' names. Can you track down the owner's address? Master tim, dead? Zen master flash, buried alive? That is wrong. "zen master flash"? Yeah, that's what we used to call him. Because he was a zen master with flash. You made an instructional tape with tim chang? Not one of our best sellers. Made it out of some crappy apartment you used to have? Different part of town. Not so much money back then, huh? That was before quickie-mate.Com. You heard of us, right? I'm not really up to date with all the dots and their coms. Quickie-mate. A mate in a minute. It's why we're not living in palms anymore. Was master chang aware that you were using marijuana? Uh, i would have to say yes. Very aware. And did it cause any conflict? Only when we wouldn't share. Zen master liked to be one with the bong. Didn't you think it was odd that he just disappeared one day? No, we thought it was zen. Oh, sherri, ginger, say hi. Hi. Our wives. Are these more investors? No, they're cops. You want a beer? They're cops, sherri. Cops get thirsty. Don't cops get thirsty? All the cops I know get thirsty. No thank you. We're working, and one of us is a recovering alcoholic. I'm still in pre-hab. Good luck with that. Thanks. We've been married for two years. Quickie-mate.Com. Was supplying tim chang drugs the sole nature of your relationship? No, mostly we went to the zen center for the girls. The place was loaded with, like, broken yoga chicks, you know the kind. You two didn't date a lot in high school, huh? Or in college? Yeah, well, that all changed when we got rich. Do you know where you were when tim chang went missing? That was... Ten years ago. Who knows where they were ten years ago? I used to think, what if I had believed him? {a6}Jennifer Conover Ex-Wife of Charlie Crews What if I hadn't walked away? Would he be here now? I mean, we would have come through this together. We would have won. But I didn't believe him. And I've learned it's better not to think that way. - Oh, for god's sake. - Hey, mark. My ex-wife around? This isn't pulling me over. This is now trespassing. This will only take a minute. Hey, jenn, you around? Jennifer? It's okay, mark. - I got this. - Are you sure? Yeah, I'm sure. Go on in. He's very tall. I didn't know you liked tall men. If I'd known, maybe i could have been taller. Are you in counseling, charlie? You know what today is? Yes, charlie. I do. 15 years. Not bad. It's our anniversary. I understand how today might be painful for you. You were a pretty bride, jenn. Smokin', i think is what the kids say now, right? - Hey, mark, you know she was a smoking bride? - okay. You showed up, you pissed on my husband. You're doing whatever it is you're doing to me. You can go now. I came here today, jenn, because i made a promise to you. I know I'm not exactly married to you anymore. But... Happy anniversary. You didn't. A promise is a promise, jenn. I promised you one. A promise is a promise. You can't leave this horse here, crews. It's not really there, mark. I mean, it's physics, it's complicated. But trust me, it-- it's not actually here. What's that smell? Horse. You curious why? Not remotely. Hello. Okay, reverse directory on the third number. Graziella molina has had the same number for 45 years. Did she go to the zen center? No, but her son did. He used to live at home, but has since moved out. Can you send me his address? Can you say "please"? Please? Can I help you? I'm looking for eric molina. Uh, that's him sparring out on the mat. Which one's molina? He's the one that's still standing. that's tim chang, isn't it? Zen master flash. Why do you kill a Zen master? His body was under the zen center. That's right. We tracked the numbers tim chang dialed on his cell phone. One of them was your mom, eric. She told us where to find you. I was living with her back then. My life is here now. You don't seem too broken up to hear that your master's dead. His body has lost its vitality. His spirit exists still. It will find another vessel and return someday. We're curious about those pictures you went down on your knees for. I bow to master chang after every fight. Yeah, why is that? Out of respect. I would not be alive if it wasn't for master chang. Master chang recreated me. How did he do that? He crushed what I was. And allowed a new me to step forward. Didn't like who you were, eric? No, sir. I did not. I was in a gang when I met master chang. Master chang made it hard on you. For my own good. You're searching for something. Aren't you? I'm searching for the person who killed master chang. No. Something else. You got that look. And master chang had it too. He was searching for something. Did he find it, eric? You can't find it, man. It's an illusion. It's not there. Do you want to know where I was when he went missing? it's a long time ago. Who could remember that? I was at my mother's. I was sick the entire week. You can ask her. Something else you need to say? Master Chang saved me. But I was always worried|| he would not be able to save himself. He made me strong, but he was weak. How was he weak? He allowed his own flesh to be weak. You know, he let those two, ryan and sean, take him to dark places. You mean the pot? pot? It was much worse than that. He let them use him. Use his body. I mean, he would come back from them begging. Begging for forgiveness. What would you come back as? Reincarnation. Don't limit yourself. You can choose an animal. This one time should be plenty. Thank you. I'd like to come back as a giant flemish rabbit. 15 pounds of pure bunny. Or a whale. Can you imagine being a whale thousands of feet under water? Can you imagine that? Is it quiet down there? you need to be on the list. i bought my ex-wife a horse. Crews, it's really loud in here. It sounded like you said you bought your ||-wife a horse. i know you, don't i? I'm one of the investors. Right. You want a room with a camera or just a room? Oh, you brought a friend. That's cool, so did i. Why don't you go ahead and we'll catch up. We'll get a room with a camera, okay? Okay. Dating was simpler when I was younger. This isn't dating. No, i guess it's not. That was some party. I mean, that's the kind of party you dream about your whole life but you very rarely get to see. I mean, i-- I've never seen it. Have you? No, mm-mm. I have never seen a party like that. She's never seen a party like that because she's kind of shy. I am. But also because... It's just really against the law. I mean, what did we see in there? Oh, pimping and pandering. Pandering. Not really sure what that is. But it usually comes after pimping, and it's not good. What do you want? You left some things out this afternoon when we asked you about tim chang. You remember eric molina? We heard from him || that things got a little extreme between you and tim chang. Isn't that right, boys? Zen master flash didn't do anything he didn't want to do. He didn't ask to do. What did he ask to do? He was dark, okay? The guy liked to go all the way down. He could take a lot of pain, and he liked to have it put on film. People would pay to see it. He wanted to do it. They wanted to see it. But we didn't kill him. We thought master flash took off. Figures that freak molina put you on to us. || he wanted to be just like zen master flash. Did everything he did. Till that fight. You remember that fight? That fight was awesome. I thought zen master was dead the way eric was hitting him. When it was over, zen master threw eric out of the center. || banished him for life. We weren't even allowed to mention eric's name. And if we did, we got thrown out too. Coroner's report confirms that tim chang had broken six ribs and one of his hands a month before his death. It sounds like he'd been in a fight. I swear it sounded like you said you bought your ex-wife a horse. It was loud. Also, and I might be wrong about this,  but I think people were having sex in that house. Master chang? I'm here. || I'm lost. I know. how has your relationship with detective crews changed now that you've become a d.A.? {a6}Constance Griffiths Ex-Attorney for Charlie Crews Detective crews and i will always be friends. But in my role as district attorney i will work with him in the same way that I work with any member of the lapd. uh, reese. You remember assistant district attorney griffiths. no reason to be so formal. Just call me connie. Good to see you again, connie. You too. I really like your dress. Thank you. I got it in new york. Constance went to new york. But then she had to come back from new york. So now she's not in new york anymore. I'm saying "new york" a lot, aren't i? || he does that sometimes. I know. I usually just wait it out. Me too. Can we talk for a minute? Remember the last time I came down here? I do. You warned me to stay away from ames. I wish you would have listened to me. I didn't kill him. We know you didn't. "we"? That's why I'm here. I thought that you would like to know that we have moved of you as a suspect in Ames' crime. But I was such a good suspect! You were an excellent suspect. If I'm not the suspect, who is? There's another suspect, isn't there? Ok, what's with the dress? Going to dinner. The Little Door. Oh romantic. I'm gonna be late. Most homicides that are solved are done so in the first 48 hours. Can you comment on the Internet reports that the LAPD does not want the Ames killing solved? It is the desire of the Los Angeles Police Department to have every case solved. What can I do for you Jack? You can explain to me why your detective crews is no longer a suspect in the carl ames shooting. He killed ames. He had the motivation. You find the means and opportunity. I'm gonna be very careful what I say now, jack. I have a witness who reports seeing two men leaving the scene of the ames killing. When we find these men, if they connect to crews, i will go after crews. if they connect to somebody else that's who I will go after. 15 years ago this branch of the bank of los angeles was held up. There was a shootout. $18 million goes missing. A small group of gunmen could hold out in here forever against the cops out on the street. The only way to take 'em out would be with a sniper. And there's only one place that sniper could take the shot. I don't like heights. Then don't look down oh, i looked down. I couldn't help myself. Oh, i looked down again. If you want a clean shot of that bank,  the only place to do it is from here. right here. This is where s.W.A.T.Happened t||be training the day the bank of los angeles was held up. S.W.A.T.Leader was jack reese. Jack reese was talking with ames right before ames got killed. I scared ames. Ames went to reese. They were arguing about me. I saw 'em say my name. now ames is dead. What does the bank of los angeles holdup have to do with the detective who put you away? They both have jack reese in common. Charlie, I'm not robin, am i? You know, batman and robin. Trusty sidekick. You mean, like, in tights? No, ted. You are not robin. You're not here. Are you? No, I'm here, eric. Don't you worry. Why'd you run from us? 'Cause when you came back I could see you found out I lied to you. We found out about the fight. About how you nearly killed tim chang. We found out you got thrown out of the zen center. Master chang banished you. And others weren't even allowed to speak your name. That make you angry, eric? That'd make me angry. Is that what you fought about? We fought about trust. Did he betray your trust? All I had was master chang and the zen center. On my own, who I was, was nothing. - They were-- - everything to you. How did he betray your trust? Was it because of something he was doing himself? No, what he did to himself, he did somewhere else. Did he do something at the zen center? The girls that came in that center, they trusted master chang. He would take 'em to his office. I mean, he broke the trust for pretty girls. That trust, it was all I had. All we have is his body. So you're gonna stay with us awhile until we see if you left anything behind when you buried him. I didn't kill him. I loved him. I wanted to kill him. Yeah, i tried to kill him. But I didn't. I loved him. If he banished you, how come he called you? He called to say good-bye. He said he was leaving. But wouldn't say why. You said you were master chang. You said you were lost. Just to be clear about this, i am not talking to a dead guy. I don't talk to dead guys. I'm talking to myself. There just--just happens to be a dead guy here. The man who killed my friends, the man I served those 12 years for,  what do I do when I find him? Okay. Good talking to you. I'm gonna go find your killer. Eric thought you were master chang. He'd just been hit by a car. Reese. Come meditate with me. That's okay. I think I'll just watch. It will make you happy. It's not gonna make me happy. If it doesn't make you happy,  i promise not to say another word to you for the rest of the day. Where else are you gonna get an offer like that? All right. How do I do this? Look straight ahead. See? Happy? So everyone going to that zen center was just completely screwed up. Right? People go there seeking peace. People seek what they don't have. Only troubled people seek peace. I've changed my mind. I want to come back as a panda. Really? They're so cute. They're not cute. They just seem cute. They're actually very mean. We just have one thing we need to clear up. It's not a big thing. We need to know if you lied to us. Excuse me? What detective reese means is when you said did not have a relationship with master chang,  did you lie about the part where you had a relationship with master chang? You went to the zen center too, didn't you, amy? That's you. Younger, but you, right? I would drive luke there. He's not a very good driver. His mind is always somewhere else. I understand that. Detective reese doesn't let me drive. We also heard that master chang would take you into his office for a little one on one enlightenment while your professor was out on the mat. That's not true. Who said that? Who sits in the third chair? It's a trio. - You and your husband play? - Yes. - Who sits in the third chair? - My son. I'd like you to leave. Did your husband luke know that you were having sex with tim chang? I wasn't. That is a lie. As a rule, older men get really upset about stuff like that. Is it true that those zen masters know all the secret places? Okay, that's enough. I won't be offended in my own house. Alec, say hello to detectives crews and reese. Hello. It was a pleasure to meet you. He is a very respectful child. Yes. Yes, he is. How old is he? Just about ten. May I ask who his birth parents are? I am his birth mother. But we had trouble conceiving. And his father? It was an anonymous donor. You understand why we're gonna need to see proof of that. Of course. We have the documents. And, uh, I'm having trouble with the dates. Maybe you can help me. Exactly how long were you together before you decided to use a donor? You know who he looks like? We have master chang's body. And we're gonna get a sample of his dna. And then-- then we're gonna get a warrant for the dna of your son. Now, I've had some experience with dna. And it's pretty foolproof. Just leave him alone. Just leave us alone. What is that dna test gonna prove? That alec is your son with tim chang? Alec is who he thinks he is. He's happy. - Why does anyone have to find out-- - the truth? What is the truth? We met at the point where physics and buddhism came together. But you understand, after what chang did, i did what I did. What did you do, luke? If I tell you, you must promise me there will be no dna testing and no trial. We can do that. Alec is my son. He loves me. And I will not have him going through life knowing he's the evidence that sent me away. I killed tim chang. I caught him with amy. We would dig behind the zen center. It was a zen meditation. Dig a hole, fill it up. I pushed him in one of those. Filled it up. he was out in the back. But I was afraid about coyotes, so I brought it in. Hey, don't get too comfortable. You're not actually here. You're talking to the horse. Let me ask you something. Even if something isn't actually there, just more likely to be there,  why would you still look for it if you knew where it was? You're still talking to the horse. Reese. If he knew where he was, why was he still looking for him? You tell us you killed tim chang. I did. You killed him, and then you raised alec? I love alec. I know you do. But I think you loved tim chang too, luke. Chang was broken. But he was my zen master. He helped me to the light. And when you look at alec, you seem him there, you see master chang. But that--that's where it bumps for me. We have these phone records here. Phone records? Luke has confessed. Why can't you just leave him alone? To tim chang's cell from your house, your office, and your cell. We talked frequently. Luke, you made all these calls after he went missing. 'Cause I was worried about him. Maybe you killed master chang, luke,  but I think it is more likely that you did not. Because if you knew he was dead, if you knew where he was,  why were you still looking for him? i killed him. You left something with him, with master chang. He was holding something. What was it? Where are you going? We're dropping the charges. But i--i killed him. No, you didn't. So we can go? Actually, you need to go downstairs to children's services. Why do I need to do that? They're concerned that your house might not be the appropriate environment in which to raise your son in. Because they want to know if luke here didn't kill master chang,  then who was he protecting with his confession? Because, amy, you are now the lead suspect in the tim chang murder. will you take care of our son? A rose. i threw a rose down there. That's what he called me. His rose. But he thought he could leave me. And that's where he was wrong. okay, they're gonna put you back in the ground now. You take care of yourself. I'll call you. Where'd you get this? You don't wanna know. You know, you're right. I don't wanna know. Charlie, this guy was a serious cop. I mean, look at some of what this guy did. Serious cop with serious friends. You sure you want to go after him? Ted, i appreciate your help with this, i do. If you want to walk away, i understand. Ok. For me, as you well know, is always about the money. Let me do some financials on jack reese. If you think he was in on the bank of l.A.that money went somewhere. Yeah, okay. What are you looking for? If you want to know how good a cop a cop is, you ask other cops. You want to know how bad a cop is, you ask his confidential informant. There. Jack reese's registered confidential informant '91 to '96. kyle hollis. Let's see what kind of record kyle has. It still smells of horse in here. I kinda like that smell. That is no surprise. Maybe we could get a dog. You think we should get a dog, charlie? Hmm, charlie? Charlie, what is it? Kyle hollis, jack reese's informant,  there's a mug shot here from his last arrest, 1995. This is the picture Rachel drew. And that's the man you went to prison for. That's him, charlie. That's the killer. What are you thinking about? I was thinking about where I'm going next. -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- proudly presents -=www.ydy.com/bbs=- sync: ????&??? Life Season01 Episode10 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 