Adventures of Superman: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adventures of Superman 
 s1e2 - The Haunted Lighthouse - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adventures of Superman (1952–1958): Season 1, Episode 2 - The Haunted Lighthouse - full transcript 
 While visiting his aunt and cousin on Moose Island, Jimmy is alarmed by their suspicious behavior. After being warned to stay away from a lighthouse that is said to be haunted, he calls Clark for help in his investigation. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [♪♪♪] NARRATOR: Faster than a speeding bullet. More powerful than a locomotive. Able to leap tall buildings at a single bound. MAN: Look! Up in the sky! MAN 2: It's a bird! WOMAN: It's a plane! MAN 3: It's Superman! Yes, it's Superman, strange visitor from another planet, who came to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. Superman, who can change the course of mighty rivers, bend steel in his bare hands, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and who, disguised as Clark Kent, mild-mannered reporter for a great metropolitan newspaper, fights a never-ending battle for truth, justice and the American way! And now, another exciting episode in the Adventures of Superman! KENT: From the very first moment that Jim Olsen set foot on Moose Island, off the coast of Maine to spend his vacation with his Aunt Louisa Horne and his cousin Chris, he had a feeling that something was wrong. Aunt Louisa's house was the only one on the island, a gray, weather-beaten cottage 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 with the sea almost at the front door. Aunt Louisa herself seemed very nice. Jim hadn't seen her since he was a baby, couldn't even recall what she looked like. But underneath her pleasantness, Jim sensed a feeling of strain, of anxiety. His cousin Chris, whom he'd never met before either, baffled Jim completely. He seemed deliberately unfriendly. Aunt Louisa's house was spotlessly clean, kept that way by Alice, the pretty housemaid. But when he was introduced to Alice and Jim realized the poor girl was deaf and dumb, his heart sank. He felt immediately sympathetic toward her. And besides, it left only his Aunt Louisa with whom to talk. Because, as far as he knew, Chris, Alice and his aunt were the only human occupants of Moose Island. Jim's uncle had been dead for 20 years, but Aunt Louisa had kept his room just as though he were still alive. When Jim heard that it was going to be his room during his stay, his spirits revived and he determined to make the most of his first vacation on an island off the coast of Maine. Actually, Moose Island was a wild and exciting place. There was the old lighthouse that had been deserted ever since Jim's uncle, Captain Horne, had drowned in a storm some 20 years before. There were huge rocks and cliffs with tremendous seas breaking over them... and massive boulders rising from the shore like grim sentinels. Jim was exploring this shore the first afternoon of his arrival when he heard the horrible sound for the first time. WOMAN: Help! Help! I'm drowning! Ohhhh! Help! Help! I'm drowning! Ohhhhhh! Hey! Hello? What's the matter? Did I scare you? Well, a little. Come on out to the beach and give me a hand. Gotta get that stuff stowed away before the tide comes in. Say, you ain't the kid we was talking to last night. Last night? Oh, no. I just got here. You must mean my cousin Chris. Chris tell you anything about me? No, he didn't. You better go and tell him to come on down here. Tell him Mac wants him. Okay. Tell him to make it snappy. We don't want to get caught by that tide. Where's Jim? He went out for a walk. Did you tell him to keep away from the lighthouse and beach? Yes. He promised me he wouldn't go near them. I don't like him snooping around. We shouldn't have let him come here in the first place. It was too late to stop him. It's lucky I remembered he was coming at all. JIM: Chris? There he is now. Phew! Where have you been? A sailor named Mac wants to see you. Where did you see Mac? Out there in the woods. What were you doing in the woods? Taking a walk. You were spying, that's what you were doing. Spying on what? As if I had to tell you. Chris! You'd better go out and talk to Mac, hadn't you? What's the matter with Chris, anyway? That cousin of yours has a terrible temper. I wouldn't provoke him any more than you could help. Provoke him? All I did was go out for a walk. Makes him furious if anyone goes near the lighthouse... or that little beach at the other end of the island. I didn't. I was out walking in the woods when I... I thought I heard someone drowning. [LAUGHS] In the woods? Don't laugh. Jeepers, it nearly scared the daylights out of me. Sounded like a woman. That's when I ran into that sailor. Now, now, now. Sit down here, Jim, and relax. We don't want you imagining things, like those crazy natives on the mainland. I didn't imagine that noise. Aunt Louisa, isn't the lighthouse closed down? Yes, the government discontinued the light 20 years ago. Why? Well, the old man who drove me to the dock said that once in a while, people on the mainland still see the light. Nonsense. Jim, will you do me a really great favor? Well, sure, Aunt Louisa. Forget this nonsense and this little unpleasantness with Chris. I want you to have a real vacation. Promise me? All right. That's a good boy. KENT: Nothing unusual happened for the next two or three days. Then, as Jim was starting to get ready for bed, he suddenly became aware of something disturbing him. JIM: Golly, the light's on! Gee... now the light's off. You were told to keep away from here. I saw the light... What business is it of yours? None, except... Except what? It's been out of operation for 20 years. What if it has? The man who drove me to the dock said this lighthouse is haunted. Maybe it is. So what? Jeepers, Chris. I'm a... I'm a reporter. This would make a terrific story. If you write one word about anything you've seen around here... Chris, you wouldn't knife me. I will, so help me, if I catch you prowling here again, sticking your nose in where it don't belong. Go on and get to bed. Aunt Louisa? Aunt Louisa! [TRIES DOOR HANDLE] [KNOCKS] Aunt Louisa! Oh, it's you, Alice. Oh, I get you. You want me to go with you. You lead, I'll follow. Where do you two think you're going? Aunt Louisa! Are you all right? What do you mean, am I all right? You weren't in your room. We were going out to look for you. Alice should've known better than that. Go to your room. Night, Aunt Louisa. Good night. [PHONE RINGS] Hello. Clark Kent speaking. Yes, I'll hang on. Jim! How are you? I was just thinking about you. Sure, I got your postcard and... Jim, what is it? Mr. Kent, you'd better come up here quick as you can. Something's wrong. I don't know what it is, but you'd better hurry. Take the first plane if you can. I'll try to meet you at the pier on the mainland if I can get away. WOMAN: Help! Help! I'm drowning! Ohhhhhh! Hello. Hello, operator. I was disconnected. No. No, I don't know the number. OPERATOR: One moment, please. I will try to connect you. Hold on, sir. I'm still trying to connect you. Jim? Anybody home? Mr. Kent! Golly, am I glad to see you. How are you, Jim? I don't know whether I'm coming or going. I thought you were gonna meet me on the mainland. Chris and Aunt Louisa went out on the boat. I tried to phone into town but the line's been cut off. Say, how did you get here? Well, Jim, that's a long story. But what's going on? You said on the phone there was something wrong. Come on, I'll tell you everything that's happened while I show you around. And this is one of the places where you heard that cry for help? Sounded as if it came from over there. Last night, I heard it outside my window and this morning, outside the kitchen when I was phoning you. Mm-hm. And this is where you ran into the sailor? He was standing in back of that bush. I see. Could we get a look at that beach and that cave before your aunt and your cousin get back? It's almost dark and getting pretty close to suppertime. They're apt to be back any time now. That's a chance we'll have to take. Which way do we go? The beach and cave are on the other side. Up this way. [WAVES CRASH] It's covered about 20 hours of the day. You can only see it at very low tide. Gosh, it's dark in there. Mm-hm. Uh-oh. What? Fog's rolling in fast. [WIND ROARS] Probably just what they've been waiting for. Who? What do you mean? Have you got the letter your aunt wrote you inviting you up here? Sure. Let's see it. And, uh, here's the note that was left on my pillow last night too. Oh? Handwriting's identical. Sure. Aunt Louisa wrote both of them. Could you get me another specimen of your aunt's writing? Get her to write you out a recipe or something. Oh, I guess so, but why? Just a hunch. You'd better get back before they miss you. Aren't you coming? I want to look around a little bit first. You go ahead. I'll see you later. Superman! Lieutenant, I need your help. You... You need my help? Yes. There's something wrong on Moose Island. Definitely Coast Guard business. Nate, change the course for Moose Island. [KNOCK AT DOOR] Jeepers! I'd better find Mr. Kent. Mr. Kent? Mr. Kent? Mr. Kent! Mr. Kent? Mr. Kent? Mr. Kent? Come on, let's go. Mr. Kent! WOMAN: Help! Help! I'm drowning! Ohhhhh! Another hour and the tide will cover him over complete. Serves him right for snooping. [FOGHORN BLARES] What's that? Coast Guard cutter. They got the only twin siren on this shore. Come on, Mac. Maybe we can hold them off. Aim at her gas tank. She might blow up. A lot of aiming you'll do in this fog. That's my department. You stand by that contact switch and blow up the lighthouse if they get through. They can't do anything to us if they don't find evidence. Chris, Alice is up there with her. That's her hard luck. [FOGHORN BLARES] The fog's so thick I can't make out the island. Tell him to shut off the engines. Cut the engines, Nate. See something? Yes. There's a man with a gun on the top of that hill. I can't see a thing. How do you do it? Shh! Do you hear that? I can't hear anything, I can't see anything. It's Jim. He's in trouble. I must go to him. We'll be there in a minute. I'd better take the wheel. A minute will be too late. I'll see you ashore. [MAC SCREAMS] [MAC THUDS] JIM: Mr. Kent? Mr. Kent? What happened? Where are you? It's all right, Jim. Superman! How are you feeling? Golly. What happened? I can't remember anything after they jumped me in the cave. If I'd come two minutes later, you'd have been food for the fishes. Jeepers, what are Chris and Mac so steamed up about that cave for, anyway? That cave happens to be the subterranean entrance to the lighthouse, Jim. When the tide is right, they can float a boat all the way in and unload it underneath the lighthouse without anyone being the wiser. What's so wonderful about that? Well, if you're a smuggler and you want to keep what you smuggle away from the authorities, it would be pretty important. [FOGHORN BLARES] What's that? That's the Coast Guard. You feel up to a little climbing? I'll carry you if you like. That's the Jim I used to know. Lieutenant Haines and Nate will take care of Chris. You and I have got to get to that lighthouse right now. Incidentally, have you got that sample of your Aunt Louisa's handwriting that Clark Kent asked you for? Yeah, I got a recipe for blueberry pie and another one of those crazy notes, signed "Aunt Louisa," but the recipe's in completely different handwriting. Just as I thought. The woman that wrote that recipe is an imposter. They've got your Aunt Louisa bottled up somewhere in that lighthouse. Come on. That's the way back to the cave. That's the way we're going. It's the shortest route. Good evening, Mrs. Carmody. I hope I didn't startle you too much. What are you doing down here? What was I doing all those weeks up in that lighthouse? We kept you there for your own good. I know. If I tried to telephone the Coast Guard to let them know what was going on here, you probably would've killed me. It isn't true. We didn't hurt you. Sit down, Mrs. Carmody. Sit in that chair. Did I do it well? Perfectly. You're wonderful, Aunt Louisa. All my life, I've been wanting to capture somebody with a pistol. Say, where's that handsome Superman? Oh, he went out to find Mr. Kent. Well, now, if I were just 30 years younger... Well! If it isn't Mrs. Carmody's boy, Chris. Good evening, lieutenant. Good evening, Mrs. Horne. You mean he isn't my cousin Chris? Heaven forbid! He's Mrs. Carmody's boy. She was my housekeeper before all this nonsense began. He came to live with us right after your cousin Chris went into the service. [DOOR OPENS] Who's that? Mr. Kent. Mr. Kent, this is my real Aunt Louisa. So I gather. My, but he's handsome too! As a matter of fact, he looks like... Uh, lieutenant, the lighthouse is loaded with contraband merchandise. Silk, leather, English china, silverware. Cases of it. Do you want to take a look? Well, uh... Go right ahead, lieutenant. Your prisoners are perfectly safe with me. I wouldn't dream of killing anyone unless, of course, they tried to get away. I'm sure they'll be perfectly safe. And if you think of it, while you're out there, you might disconnect those wires that are fastened to that dynamite that got stashed under the stairway. Somebody could pull that switch and blow us to smithereens. We'll take care of it, Mrs. Horne. Don't you worry. WOMAN: Help! WOMAN: Help! I'm drowning! That's it, Mr. Kent. I told you I heard it. Why don't you open the door and let him in? Open the door and let him in? Oh, men! Ohhhhhh! You can never get them to do a thing without an argument. Poor Peter. He probably hasn't been fed for weeks. Shush, you old fool. Help! Help! I'm drowning! Ohhhhhh! [ALL LAUGHING] Help! Help! I'm drowning! Ohhhhh! [SQUAWKING] [♪♪♪] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 