Adventures of Superman: Season 2, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adventures of Superman 
 s2e8 - A Ghost for Scotland Yard - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adventures of Superman (1952–1958): Season 2, Episode 8 - A Ghost for Scotland Yard - full transcript 
 Brockhurst, a famous magician, has been dead for a number of years. Yet, he his ghost is supposed to be returning. Clark Kent, while in England on assignment for the Daily Planet with Jimmy Olsen, is a skeptic. However, Sir Arthur McCredy, an old friend of Perry White's, is involved and Clark and Jimmy are assigned to stay over and work up a story about Brockhurst's supposed return. As Superman, Clark narrowly saves Sir Arthur's life after he has feinted while driving. It turns out he has seen a giant image of Brockhurst's face in the sky. Now, Clark is determined to find out the truth. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [♪♪♪] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn NARRATOR: Faster than a speeding bullet. More powerful than a locomotive. Able to leap tall buildings at a single bound. MAN 1: Look! Up in the sky! MAN 2: It's a bird! WOMAN: It's a plane! MAN 3: It's Superman! NARRATOR: Yes, it's Superman, strange visitor from another planet, who came to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Superman, who can change the course of mighty rivers, bend steel in his bare hands, and who, disguised as Clark Kent, mild-mannered reporter for a great metropolitan newspaper, fights a never-ending battle for truth, justice and the American way. And now, another exciting episode in the Adventures of Superman! [♪♪♪] ["YANKEE DOODLE" BEING WHISTLED] [CONTINUES WHISTLING] Mr. Kent? Yes, Jimmy? [CONTINUES WHISTLING] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You think that's wise? What? Whistling "Yankee Doodle"? Is that any way to improve our relations with our British cousins? Golly, I didn't think of that. Ha-ha, I think they'll forgive you. You get my magazine? No, sir, they didn't have one in the lobby. I tried a couple of other places, but no. What about the stand across the street? Where? Come here. Right there. Oh. And I happen to know they have at least a dozen copies of the magazine I want. Oh, how can you tell that? That place is five floors down and across the street. Nobody could see that far. Well, anyway, I'm sure they have one. So, how about going down for a look-see. Hey, our traveler's checks. The ones we left behind in Sweden. How did they get here? I, uh, arranged to have them flown in. Flown? Yes, you know, like in an airplane? Or, like in Superman, for example? Jimmy... All right. I'll go look and see if I can find your magazine. [CAR HORN HONKING] Hey! Here, watch your step, now. Watch your step. Thank you. The world's the same all over, now, ain't it, Yank. You came all the way over to London just to get yourself run over in the traffic. How'd you know I was an American? Oh, let's say I'm clairvoyant-like. You know, the word means, sees the future, sees the past? I can read your mind. I can tell your fortune. I can speak to your ghost. Heh, that's what it is, governor. Clairvoyant, that's the ticket. Just like the Great Baffling Brockhurst, here. Him and me are as like as two peas. That's funny. What, me taking you for American? Ha! Supposing that I admit the truth is... No, no. No. I mean, that, uh, you should mention this Brockhurst guy. He's the reason I ran across from the hotel. Mr. Kent, he's a friend of mine, noticed you had a magazine on Brockhurst. Oh, yeah. Here. Here we are, governor. One and six. Here. This is it, sir. Wait. Here. Here we are, ha-ha. Here we are. Hey, what's your honest opinion, you think he will reappear, or won't he? Reappear? Well, Brockhurst's ghost. You know, his ghost. Brockhurst's ghost. His what? Well, he's been dead for five years now, ain't he? I guess I'd better read this article. I'm afraid I don't know much about Brockhurst. Yeah. Mr. Kent and me just got back from Sweden. Oh. We went there to cover a story for the Daily Planet. We're on our way home now. We're gonna take an airplane back in the morning... to Metropolis. Jeepers. Ain't that something, now? He was the greatest magician in the world, he was. But he always said, his greatest stunt would be to make his own ghost reappear after he'd been dead five years. Oh, tha-that's impossible. There aren't any such thing as ghosts. There ain't what? Now, let me tell you something, Yank. You're going back to Metropolis, huh? Well, I've got as much faith in the good old English ghost as you have in that there, uh, Superman of yours. Oh, but Superman is real. Ah, Superman... I'm telling you, if Brockhurst ever shows up in this afterlife he'll have a ghost that'll make your Superman turn pale and shaky. And I'm warning you, he'll be real, all right. But Lois, that's ridiculous. You tell the Chief I don't believe in ghosts. Clark, Mr. White knows you were planning to come home tomorrow. But this just means staying over in England another day or two to see this friend of his and get the story on Brockhurst. Besides, think how Jimmy would enjoy staying over. Of course, and so would I. But not to do a feature on anything that probably won't happen, anyway. That dead magician isn't gonna show up as a ghost or anything else, and you know it. All right, Clark, but the Chief doesn't. What do you mean? Mr. White got a letter from his friend, Sir Arthur Mcready. He owns some theatres there. He used to put on the Great Brockhurst shows, his manager. Lois, I know all that. Brockhurst hated him. Brockhurst hated everyone. Brockhurst threatened everyone, too. Doesn't mean he can do anything about it. Sir Arthur wrote that, before Brockhurst died, he threatened to kill him. Well, Sir Arthur is so convinced that this Brockhurst can do anything, that he's even afraid his ghost might kill him. I mean it. Sir Arthur wrote the Chief to say goodbye, just in case anything happened. That does it. So, Jimmy and I are to spend all of our time some place in the country, wherever it may be, interviewing an eccentric old man who happens to believe in ghosts. Well, I... Oh, okay. Tell the Chief we'll do it, but... Well, goodbye. [WOMAN WEEPING] [DOORBELL RINGS] Did you hear that, mum? Someone at the door, Betty. That's all. No need to get jumpy. You go to your room. I'll answer it. Inspector Farrington? Is that you? No, my name is Clark Kent. Oh. Good evening. This is my friend, Jimmy Olsen. Oh, yes. You're the American who telephoned this afternoon. That's right. May we come in? Yes. Yes, of course. Thank you. I'm Mabel Mcready, Sir Arthur's sister. How do you do? We just want to see Sir Arthur for a moment. Perhaps a few questions... No, no, you can't. He's not here. But didn't he say over the telephone that he was gonna give... Thank you very much. I-I'm really dreadfully sorry, but-but it's just impossible. He's not here. Perhaps, he may never be here. Miss Mcready, You seem to believe that something may have happened to Sir Arthur. What is it? Oh, how should I know? My opinion never matters. Well, when did he leave? Where'd he go? Toward Lemon Raegis. He's just left. It-it's down the coast. Oh, and he drives so horribly, too. Oh, I see. He's a bad driver, is he? Well, I shouldn't worry if I were you. You see, we work for a very old and dear friend of Sir Arthur's. Perhaps you remember him? Yes, yes, Perry White, I know. But really, there's nothing you can do to help, thank you. That's why I've sent for Inspector Farrington. Inspector... Inspector Farrington of Scotland Yard. Oh. Well, won't you come and sit down. Well, thank you very much. I feel he's the only one who might help. At least, he won't be afraid of him. Jeepers, that's Brockhurst, isn't it? Five years, we've been happy. Five years that spiteful soul's been dead. Left us alone. What does Brockhurst have to do with your brother's not being here? Well, he's the one who summoned Arthur. Summoned? On the telephone. You mean to tell me that you actually believe that a man who's dead for so many years could talk to you on the phone? Mr. Kent, I'm so frightened, I don't know what I believe. But there was a voice on the telephone, and Arthur talked to it. And, when he hung up, he was pale as a sheet. Because he said the voice was his. And, unless he drove down the coast road where he was, something horrible would happen to this house. To me, to poor Betty and... all of us. Miss Mcready, please, sit down. Why would Brockhurst want to harm you or Sir Arthur? I mean, assuming a ghost could hurt anybody. If you believe in ghosts. Brockhurst was insane. He always claimed that Arthur's theatres had cheated him. But it's not true. Well, never mind that now. I'm going after him. What? But how can you? Never mind. I'll try and find him somehow. Mr. Kent! [SOBS] [SOBBING] Oh, don't cry, Miss Mcready. Oh, he's gonna be all right. Y-you mustn't worry. I don't... Really, don't cry. You'll be all right. [♪♪♪] MAN: Sir Arthur. Sir Arthur. Do you remember this place, Sir Arthur? This is the place where I was killed, remember? A lorry struck me down, remember? Brockhurst, where are you? It's not very nice to die all alone out on the road at night, Sir Arthur. Be quiet, I didn't kill you. I didn't do anything to you. Leave us alone. You never believed I would come back, did you? Where are you? No one ever believed my magic could be real, did they? But now they'll believe, won't they? Have you ever talked to a ghost before, Sir Arthur? No, no. It's not true! [ENGINE STARTS] Here I am, Sir Arthur. Here I am. [SCREAMS] [TIRES SCREECH] You've no idea what a relief it is you're here, inspector. You must feel chilly after your long drive. I'll get you some tea. Thank you very much. That'll be delightful. Well, well, laddie. No news of Sir Arthur, eh? No, sir. And, by this time, Mr. Kent's been gone almost half an hour, too. Well, well, that's not so very long. Patience, patience. You didn't see anybody outside, when you came in, did ya? Outside? Oh, driving up, you mean. No, no. I came the other way. That coast road is absolutely hopeless. [TELEPHONE RINGS] Hello? Sir Arthur Mcready's residence. Are you there? What happened? Spell of nothing, I should say. You mean, there wasn't anybody on that line? Precisely. Jeepers. Oh, the operator probably got the wrong number. There's always a logical explanation to everything, you know. No need to get the wind up. Oh, sure. It's just that all this talk about ghosts makes you... Oh, I know, I know. Nervous chatter from the women, eh? Well, Scotland Yard's here now, laddie. You and I are grown men. No such thing as ghosts. Simple as that. That's what I say. Ha. Nervous old fellow, Sir Arthur, you know. Always was, just like his sister. He was forever messing about with magicians and mediums and palmists, or some such rot. But even the newspapers and magazines say that Brockhurst might reappear. Oh, makes a good story, you know. Yellow journalism. Publicity. Kind of thing that blighty used to thrive on when he was alive. And, by the way, if it'll make you feel any better, I was there when they buried him. And to a good depth, too, you know. He was run over and killed on the coast road by a recklessly driven lorry, poor chap. Though I can't say I feel very sorry for him. Why not? What sort of a man was Brockhurst, anyway? Well, he was a wonderful magician, none better. But you know, laddie, the Yard had its troubles with him. I suppose, next to Sir Arthur, I was the man that Brockhurst hated most. [TELEPHONE RINGS] Ah, perhaps, that's your Mr. Kent. Hello? Are you there? Speak louder, will you? Yes. Huh? Oh, really? I beg your pardon? Of course, I remember. Do you mind repeating what you just said? Are you all right, Arthur? Yes, my dear. I'm sure he'll be all right. Careful now, dear. It was a frightful experience. I know. Mr. Kent. Hm? Come here. Inspector, they're back! INSPECTOR: Shh! They're all right! Quiet, please. Yes, yes, but wait. Can't you tell me...? MAN [ON TELEPHONE]: I haven't much time, Inspector. I just wanted to make certain you know who I am. Yes, but what... what you just said was that, uh... Yes, the same words I spoke to you once before, when we had that little difficulty over the Persian parrot swindle. There was no one there but you and me, as I'm sure you'll remember. Perhaps, it will help you to believe that I am, heh-heh, who I am. Eh, inspector? But it's... it's not possible. It's not possible. Hello? Hello? [HANGS UP PHONE] Happened years ago. Why, I remember the exact words. What? No one else could possibly know. There was no one there but he and I. It isn't true. But it must be true. It proves it, don't you think? Oh, sorry. Doesn't make sense. You're Kent, I suppose. That's right. Well, I... I've been talking to a ghost. Now, wait just a minute. Brockhurst. Even his voice, just the same. In fact, he said he'd show up for me, later on. Well, I'm sorry, inspector, but I don't believe in ghosts that use telephones. Oh, excuse me. [CLEARS THROAT] Hello? Hello, operator? Uh, is there any way I can check on a telephone call that just came through here? Oh, I mean, do you have any records? Do you go through a switchboard, or...? What? Oh, I see. She says no one has used that line for the past several hours. No one's called that number, even. [WOMAN SCREAMS] I saw him! I saw him at the window! Well, you don't look like much of a ghost to me. Good heavens. Evening, inspector. I didn't do nothin'. Just tryin' to see Sir Arthur, that's all. I didn't want to run into you, sir. I shouldn't wonder. I nearly got this man jailed for manslaughter five years ago. I couldn't quite make the case stick. It wasn't my fault. It really wasn't. Let me go, will ya? Five years ago, this man, Rocker, was driving a lorry down on the coast road. He struck a man and killed him. A man by the name of Brockhurst. Well, it's getting to be a small world, isn't it? Now, just what did you want to see Sir Arthur about? Take it easy, will ya. It sounds kind of crazy. But I was scared, see? And that's when the voice on the telephone told me to come here. I didn't think it was right to disobey a ghost. Bring him inside, Kent. I didn't only hear him, I saw him. No one ever knew Brockhurst well. But I did, better than most. I believe ya, governor. It was he. Just floating out there in the sky. That's how he'd do it. You've been upset, Sir Arthur. Well, if anybody could come back from the dead, he certainly could. Most wonderful magician what ever lived, that's what I say. I've had enough to contend with from you. Get out of here, and stay out of the neighborhood. All right, governor. But I can't say I've ever had a very, very happy time here, I can say that. Allow me. Thank you, governor. Good night, Mr. Rocker. Ha! Good night. Holy cow, Mr. Kent... Now, take it easy, Jimmy. After all, Brockhurst was a magician, wasn't he? Magicians do things with tricks, don't they? Yeah, but floating in the sky... Now, I didn't see anything unusual out there, where Sir Arthur almost had his accident. Of course, I was trying to help him. And it did look like he was having a heart attack. But now, I don't think there's anytime to lose. I'm going to take another look. Still, a ghost never hurts anybody, does he? Then why has he collected all the people he hated? What do you think's going to happen here, Jimmy? [♪♪♪] [GASPS] I'm sorry. Did I scare you? What do you want? I was thinkin'. Maybe somebody right in this house phoned... I mean, what I'm looking for is an extension of the telephone in the sitting room. What? Another phone on the same line. Well, there isn't any. Unless, in the carriage house, maybe. It hasn't been used in years. It's all closed and boarded up. Out there. There may be another telephone there. Thank you. [CREAKING] Who is it? Who are you? Where are you? You're not afraid, are you? Only fools and babies believe in ghosts. Too bad you interfered. You and your friend. I was arranging such a nice homecoming for them. All the people I hated. All the people who made it impossible for me to go on living. They'd have put me in jail if I had lived. Did you know that? Nobody ever hurt you! Nobody! People never understood me. I wouldn't let them. I was the greatest magician in the world. You're crazy! "Crazy," am I? I'll show you. So, that's the point, Sir Arthur. We're doing everything that we possibly can. I understand. JIMMY: Mr. Kent, help! Mr. Kent? Don't move. Laddie, laddie! What's the trouble? Open up, there. Come on, open up. Excuse me, inspector. Jim. Jim, where are you? Stay where you are. I have a gun at his back. Brockhurst! Oh! Yes, Sir Arthur, the Great Brockhurst. Or his ghost. You're no ghost, Brockhurst. Any more than that picture you projected on the clouds for Sir Arthur's benefit. Very clever. It's too bad that none of you will live to prove that the Great Brockhurst did not really return from the grave. You should have held Rocker when you had him. Rocker! You were Rocker! You forget I was the greatest illusionist of all time. Don't come any closer. You're all here. All of you. For the first time, you see me as I've always been. No tricks, no beard. I even killed a man with a lorry and made you think I was the dead man. And, now, I'm going to kill you all. Every one of you. I'll blow you higher than the sky. Me, the Great Brockhurst. Five seconds after I throw this switch, the fuse will detonate the explosive. I don't mind really dying now. Because I'm going to take you all with me. We'll all be real ghosts together. [CACKLES] You know, I still can't figure out how Superman knew we needed him all the way over here. It's been in all the papers. Hey, hold up a minute, Yank. Hello. Hey, what a bad steer I gave you. Fizzled out like a Roman candle. Nothing but a blooming faker, he was. Just a ghost for Scotland Yard. Well, now, I told you there weren't any such thing as ghosts. Oh, Jimmy, we'd better hurry. Yeah, we've gotta be gettin' to the airport. Here, half a minute, now. I can't have you Yanks going home empty handed, ya know. Here, just in from the States. Read that. Oh, cab! Cab! Thank you. I'll be seeing you. It's on the house. Good luck, Yanks! Hey, happy flying! [♪♪♪] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 