Adventures of Superman: Season 2, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adventures of Superman 
 s2e14 - Jungle Devil - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adventures of Superman (1952–1958): Season 2, Episode 14 - Jungle Devil - full transcript 
 "Daily Planet" reporters Clark (George Reeves), Lois (Noel Neill) and Jimmy (Jack Larson) head into a treacherous jungle, searching for a scientific expedition which has vanished. The local natives prove quite hostile to the "intruders" because the jeweled eye of a native idol has apparently been stolen. This is the episode in which Clark's alter ego Superman not only wrestles a gorilla, but also uses his bare hands to convert a lump of coal into a diamond! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [♪♪♪] NARRATOR: Faster than a speeding bullet. More powerful than a locomotive. Able to leap tall buildings at a single bound. MAN 1: Look! Up in the sky! MAN 2: It's a bird! WOMAN: It's a plane. MAN 3: It's Superman! NARRATOR: Yes, it's Superman, strange visitor from another planet, who came to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. Superman, who can change the course of mighty rivers, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 bend steel in his bare hands, and who, disguised as Clark Kent, mild-mannered reporter for a great metropolitan newspaper, fights a never-ending battle for truth, justice and the American way. [♪♪♪] [JUNGLE BIRDS CHIRPING] They're gone. Now's our chance. Ralph. There are no guards on the trail. Now we've got a chance to get away. It's no use, Gloria. They'll follow us and capture us again. Probably kill us this time. They no have to follow us, Dr. Harper. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They have taken our boots. Snakes will get us before we go one mile. So you're just gonna sit here and wait for those savages to cook us in a pot? Be patient, dear. We're three weeks overdue on the coast. There'll be a search party out looking for us by now. Hmph. They better find us pretty quick, I think. In about three days, the moon is full and then: Nobody's gonna cut my throat. You stay here if you want to, but I'm leaving. [SCREAMS] It's no use. They'll never find us. They've probably forgotten all about us back there by now. Aw, you and your crazy hunt for some plants that probably don't even exist. If only we could recover the diamond and put it back in the eye of their idol. GLORIA: It's lost. It's lost in the quicksand. I dropped it accidentally when those natives surprised me. I wasn't gonna steal it, just... Just look at it. It's gone. And with it, we've lost our last chance at making friends with these people. [♪♪♪] CLARK: This is Zinaya, Jim. Ten thousand miles of unexplored jungle. Jaguars, snakes, deadly insects and the Zinayans themselves... who don't want any part of anyone from the outside. But how do you expect to find anybody in a place like that when even Superman would have a hard time doing it? Jim, this is my assignment. And aren't you forgetting another newspaper man named Stanley, who went into Africa after Dr. Livingston? Well, the Daily Planet is gonna find Dr. Harper and his wife. Nobody ever even heard of them before they disappeared. Now, he'll be a very famous man if he gets what he's after. A new drug of terrific medical value. [DOOR OPENS] What do you think of it? Couldn't resist trying it on. Where's your butterfly net? Oh, I know. You joined a little theatre group, and this is your costume for the first play. No. Believe it or not, I bought this on the Daily Planet expense account. I'm going with you on the expedition. What? Now listen to me, Lois. The jungle is no place for a woman. That's what the chief tried to tell me. But I persuaded him this was too big a story for just one reporter. So I got my orders to go and in writing too. And there's nothing you can do about it. The chief's on his vacation, and he didn't tell anybody where he was going. Jeepers, why didn't I think of that? Mr. Kent, couldn't I go along too? I used to be an Eagle Scout. I could be a lot of help if we got lost in the wilds. Why, the kids in troop 673 used to call me Daniel Boone. Heh, heh, I'm sorry, Jimmy. If you're gonna make that takeoff deadline, you better start getting packed. We leave the Metropolis Airport at 8:00. Well, I never did like long farewells, so I'll say goodbye now. Good luck, amigos. [CHUCKLING] Well, who are you looking for, kid? It's all right. I'm from the Daily Planet. I was just checking if you're all set for the takeoff. Well, I'm not yet, but I will be. Hey, keep an eye on things around here while I run over to the hangar, huh? Sure. Take your time. Ms. Lane, Mr. Kent. I'm Bill Hurd. Nice to meet you Mr. Hurd. We can take off anytime you say. The rest of our gear get aboard? All stowed. I'd kind of like to get in the air and over the mountains. There's a storm center moving in. Let's go. All right. Excuse me. [WHOOPING AND CHANTING] Ah, won't they ever stop? This is driving me crazy. They'll do that all night to scare away the Jungle Devil. Jungle Devil? Everyone is afraid of Jungle Devil. Big as a man, big teeth. Arms, they can break a man in two. And when he roars... [HOWLS] the ground shakes. Sounds like a gorilla to me. Only I never heard of any gorillas in this region. There are many bad things in this country no one has heard of. But they are here. Me, Berto, know. Only two more nights and there'll be a full moon. BERTO: And when the moon is full, the end is for us. What a roller coaster. We're going over those mountains he told us about. Whole world looks like a steam bath from this angle. Hey! Who's steering this thing? Don't worry, Ms. Lane. Elmer, my automatic pilot's, on the job. Well, anybody interested in breakfast? Pour some salt on a cloud and I'll eat it. Good. My stratosphere special, turkey sandwiches and coffee. Turkey sandwiches, and I'm so hungry I could eat spinach. Jimmy! Hey, you know this guy? Yes, I know him, and he has no business being here. Honest, Mr. Kent, I just had to come along. This trip was too good to miss. You can explain all that to Perry White when we get back to Metropolis. All right. What are the rations for stowaways, pilot? Stale bread and cold water. Here, have a turkey sandwich. [LAUGHTER] Well, there's your jungle down there. In another hour we'll be landing in Costa Arena. But if we're over the jungle now, why... Why go on to Costa Arena? We're going on to Costa Arena for two very good reasons. One is, we've only got four more hours of gas left. The other is, that port engine is acting up. I'd like a chance to check it. Besides, take a look out there. How'd you like to set a plane down in that stuff? Yes, I see what you mean. But this is the area where the Harpers disappeared. Can't we scout around for just a few hundred miles? Four hours of gas, and don't forget that port engine. Well, can't we do this, then? You say we're one hour's flying time from Costa Arena. Can't we scout around for just two hours. That'll give us an hour's grace to get back to the coast. It might mean the difference between life and death for the Harpers. All right, Mr. Kent. Two hours, no more. Thanks. Lois, you watch for anything that even looks like an expedition. All right, Eagle Scout, use your eagle eyes out that window. I'll be watching in the baggage compartment. [WIND HOWLING] [♪♪♪] Look, the guards. Shh, I hear something. Sounds like a plane. A plane? Here! Here! Here... Oh! Oh! Was it a plane? Could you see? There was something up there, but... it wasn't like any plane I ever saw before. Maybe just a buzzard. No! No bird of any kind. But this... This thing... Whatever it was. Seemed to hover over the clearing and then shot away. Like a rocket. Aw, I don't know. Maybe there wasn't anything. Maybe I'm seeing things that aren't there. Yeah, but maybe those guards see something too. Hey, kid. Come here. Did you see anything? Tell Kent that port engine's liable to burn. I'm heading for Costa Arena fast. Yes, sir. We got troubles. Bad ones. Mr. Kent, open up. Mr. Kent, the pilot wants to talk to you. Hurry. Mr. Kent, we're in trouble. What's wrong Jimmy? The motor's about to burn up. The pilot's heading for the coast. He can't do that. Did you see any sign of the expedition? Yes, and we're gonna rescue them. You can't go to the coast now. I think I found the Harpers. We're not even gonna make the coast. Take a look out there. That engine's done for. The starboard engine's giving us trouble too. I've gotta look for an open spot to set this crate down. Only, there just isn't any open spots. Oh, yes, there is. I found one when I was aft. A small clearing. Turn left, 45 degrees. Lois, Jimmy. Hit the deck. Brace yourself against the bunk heads. Keep on this course for 5 more minutes. Then turn left, 30 degrees. You fly in. I'll pick up the landmarks. I do hear a plane. I'm almost sure. A plane. Where could he land? Steady, now. A little more to the left. Little more. That's it. Steady... There, you see it? There's your clearing. Right down there. Cut it right, hard. Now, cut your motor. Go in dead-stick. That's it. Now, nose her up. Made it. We're down. Kent, you really talked us in. Thanks for lending me the boots. You'll need them, kid. CLARK: And we'll need two motors to get out of here. Think you can fix 'em? I'll do the best I can. Here you are. Oh, no, thanks, I don't use them. Afraid of guns, Mr. Kent? I'll take it, Bill. Hey, do you know how to use that thing? Sure, I won two Kewpie dolls in a shooting gallery. I don't think you're gonna find many Kewpie dolls around here. [ROARING] See what I mean? Here you are, Jim. We got a long way to go. At least three hours' hike through the jungle. Come on. Don't lose that compass. I'd hate to go home alone. Okay. [JUNGLE BIRDS CHIRPING] I bet we're lost. Lost? I thought your name was Daniel Boone. But we are lost. It's true, isn't it? Lois, don't be ridiculous. We're not lost. Can't you hear those drums? Maybe whoever's beating the drums is lost too. Oh, very funny. They could be cannibals, an idea that evidently hasn't occurred to Mr. Kent. Cannibals? There are no cannibals here. The natives use the drum the same way we use the telegraph. Let's show them we can die like Americans. Get that thing away. Let's live like Americans. We friends. Amigos. [SPEAKS IN NATIVE DIALECT] What'll they do to us, Clark? Shh! Take it easy. Try and show no fear. I hope they'll take us to the Harpers. [SPEAKING IN NATIVE DIALECT] [CHANTING] They're here. They're here at last. [SPEAKS IN NATIVE DIALECT] Dr. Harper, Mrs. Harper. My name is Clark Kent. This is Ms. Lane, Mr. Olsen. Hello. We'd almost given up hope. How did you persuade the Zinayans to bring you to us? I'm afraid they persuaded us. We're their prisoners. You mean there's just you, the girl and the young boy? Well, then we're all in the same fix. [SPEAKING IN NATIVE DIALECT] [RITUALISTIC CHANTING] [ALL SHOUTING] It is time of judgment, señor. The chief has called on the witch doctor to find a sign. A sign that will tell them what to do with us. They're kill crazy. The best way is to make a break for it. It's better than some of the tricks they may think up. Now, wait. Translate for us, as quick as you can. [SPEAKING IN NATIVE DIALECT] Chief say that because jewel eye of idol gone, one of the strangers must die. Others must leave land of Zinayan, never come back. You mean they're asking for only one sacrifice? [ALL SHOUTING] [SPEAKS IN NATIVE DIALECT] Chief say: "Strangers must decide which one is to be sacrificed to Jungle Devil." It's my responsibility. No, I won't let you. It's all my fault that we're in this mess. If I hadn't taken the diamond out of that filthy old idol, we wouldn't be in this trouble. The natives were friendly, up till then. It's only fair that I... Just a moment. It's only fair if we all draw. Let's see, there are six of us here. I'll tell you what we'll do. We'll take five white pebbles and one black one, toss them in a hat, and the one that gets the black pebble goes. I think it ought to be only the men. I don't think Ms. Lane or Mrs. Harper should have to draw. Thank you, Mr. Olsen, but I want to draw. Me, too, Jim. Well, there's not much sense in anybody else drawing, anyway. With my luck, I'm a cinch for the black pebble. May I borrow your helmet, Ms. Lane? Mm-hm. Thank you. Hey, is this coal? Yes, I've run on to a little of it around here. Coal. Carbon. Put it under a million tons of pressure for 1000 years and you've got a diamond. Heh. How we could use a diamond. It's hard to believe sometimes that coal and diamonds are made of the same substance. Mrs. Harper, would you raise this above eye-level. Thank you. Now, I'll claim the first draw. Bingo. [SPEAKS IN NATIVE DIALECT] No, Jim, don't interfere. Don't let them take Mr. Kent. Stop them, somebody! Stop them... [ALL SHOUTING] [ALL YELLING] [RITUALISTIC CHANTING] [ALL SHOUTING] [SCREAMS] [ROARING] [ROARS] [ROARS] Hah! [CHANTING AND WHOOPING] They're coming back. That means it's all over for poor Kent. Look! [SPEAKING IN NATIVE DIALECT] The chief say, Señor Kent is mighty warrior. He defeated Jungle Devil. Saved the chief's life. [SPEAKS IN NATIVE DIALECT] [CHEERING] I think everything's gonna be all right now. They're our friends. But the Jungle Devil, they say you chased him away. Jungle Devil... I'm afraid that Jungle Devil was just some poor gorilla that escaped from a circus. Took to the woods. He wasn't much of a problem. [SPEAKS IN NATIVE DIALECT] The chief say, since the white warrior sent Jungle Devil away, the life of the strangers will be spared, but they must leave this country. Well, that's more than I hoped for. Even if my expedition was a failure. [SPEAKING IN NATIVE DIALECT] The chief say that because white woman took idol's eye, no strangers must remain here. [SPEAKS IN NATIVE DIALECT] It's all right, dear. We'll find what we're looking for in some other part of the world. Now, wait just a minute. The whole trouble seems to be over this missing diamond. Where'd you lose it? After I took the stone out of the idol and was looking at it, the witch doctor surprised me, and I dropped it in that pool over there. The bottom of the pool is quicksand. We tried to find it, but it was useless. Well, I'm pretty lucky at finding things. Let me have a try. DR. HARPER'S VOICE: Coal. Carbon. Put it under a million tons of pressure for 1000 years and you got a diamond. [CRUNCHING] [TRIBESMEN CHEER] [SPEAKING IN NATIVE DIALECT] BERTO: Oh, chief say, hope you come back soon. Bring all you friends. Then Zinayans will help white medicine man to find the magic plant. Oh, good. Thank you chief. Well, I'm ready. Jimmy, you can't swipe things like this. What do you mean "swipe"? I traded my scout knife for that. Oh. BERTO: Adios. CLARK: Goodbye. LOIS: Goodbye. JIMMY: Goodbye! [LAUGHTER] I don't know how you did it, but this time you got us out of real trouble, without the help of Superman. Superman... Say, I wonder whatever became of him. [♪♪♪] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 