Adventures of Superman: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adventures of Superman 
 s2e1 - Five Minutes to Doom - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adventures of Superman (1952–1958): Season 2, Episode 1 - Five Minutes to Doom - full transcript 
 Clark Kent and Lois Lane interview Winters, a man on death row. As Clark listens to Winter's story, he checks the convict's pulse. It remains steady and Clark is convinced Winters is innocent. Clark's suspicions are confirmed when he and Lois pick up a hitchhiker on their way back to Metropolis and the hitchhiker leaves a bomb meant for the reporters. The Daily Planet reporters search for a way to clear Winters. They obtain key evidence but a violent electrical storm has knocked out telephone service between Metropolis and the state capital. Superman flies to the governor, convinces him to sign an order staying the execution. But can he get to the prison in time to prevent an innocent man from dying in the electric chair? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [♪♪♪] NARRATOR: Faster than a speeding bullet. More powerful than a locomotive. Able to leap tall buildings at a single bound. MAN 1: Look! Up in the sky! MAN 2: It's a bird! WOMAN: It's a plane! MAN 3: It's Superman! NARRATOR: Yes, it's Superman, strange visitor from another planet who came to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. Superman, who can change the course of mighty rivers, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 bend steel in his bare hands, and who, disguised as Clark Kent, mild-mannered reporter for a great metropolitan newspaper, fights a never-ending battle for truth, justice and the American way. [♪♪♪] [♪♪♪] There he is. His wife and boy. Oh. Remember what I told you about Billy's education. Yes, I'll... I'll remember. As soon as you can, I want you to move out of this state. Get away from here. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 All right, Joe. I'll write out a list of things I'd like you to do. I don't wanna talk about it now. I guess it's time for you to go, honey, there's the warden. Joe, what am I gonna do? Take care of Billy for me. See that he gets his chance. Bye, Bill. Bye. Be a good boy. [SOBBING] You can talk to him now. Oh, Winters. Some people to see you. I'll be in my office if you want me. Thank you, warden. Hello, Mr. Winters. My name is Clark Kent and this is Miss Lane. We're with the Metropolis Daily Planet. More reporters? Do you wanna know what it feels like to have less than a day to live? We're reporters, but that's not what we came to see you about. We have a proposition to offer. What kind of a proposition? Won't you sit down? Well, for the first time in its history, the Planet will pay $10,000... To be given your wife and child. For the exclusive story on the events leading up to the crime. You know I pleaded innocent, don't you? But you were tried and convicted. Now we want the real story for our readers. But I ca... Ten thousand dollars? To be given to your wife. It's a deal. Good. Well, the morning of the fight, I... I was at the field office early. Let's see, this is on the 19th. Yes. I asked the foreman where Baker was and he said in the checker's office... Wait a minute. It was brought out at the trial the foreman didn't see you that morning. Oh? I forgot. I... I guess it wasn't the foreman. Maybe it was the time keeper. Well, anyway, I... I went into the office to wait for Baker, and after a while he came in, we went over to inspect the upright forms. We were going to... Hold it. Witnesses testified you came out of that office by yourself. Oh. Well, I-I mean that I... It's no use. What do you mean? I can't confess to something I didn't do. I didn't kill Baker. Here we go again. Look, do you think I don't want that 10,000 for my wife and kid? Do you think I wouldn't do anything to get it? Then why don't you tell us? Because I don't know who killed Baker or how he did it. That's why. Come on, Clark, we're wasting our time. I don't think so, Lois. Now, look, Joe. Why don't you tell us your story? The true story. What good would it do? Well, you never know. Go ahead. Well, as you know, I was a county building inspector on the Metropolis Depot Overpass. The contractor was W.T. Wayne. He's one of the biggest in the business. Baker was the superintendent on the job and he and I had some trouble. It all started because he wouldn't wait for my inspections before pouring the cement. One day I... Baker, I told you I wanted to see that steel reinforcement today. I can't wait around for you county inspectors every time I'm ready to pour. You'll wait for my inspection or I'll order all that cement torn out. Oh, get out of here, Joe. You're making me mad. Look, I'm warning you, I won't stand for you bypassing me like this. The next time it happens I'll... I'll close the job down until it is inspected. And stay out. Or the next time I won't be so gentle. Well, after that, everybody knew there was bad blood between Baker and me. Things finally came to a head a few days later. You see, I'd ordered him not to fill in the pillar forms with cement until I had had a chance to put a gauge on the steel reinforcements. I got there that morning and every form was full of cement. He'd poured during the night. I was determined he wasn't gonna get away with it this time, so I started out to look for him. Listen, Baker, I've had enough of this runaround. Why don't you run along, little boy, I'm busy. I'll run along all right. I'll run right to the county office and get this job stopped cold. Get away from that phone! Look, you don't scare me, Baker. Something fishy's going on around here and I'm going to find out about it. [BOTH GRUNTING] [GUNSHOT] Well, later, when the police searched the place they found my gun with one bullet fired tossed behind some tools. I didn't fire that gun and I didn't hide it. What do you think happened, Joe? I think they were using a cheap, sub-standard grade of steel on the job. You mean Wayne, the contractor? If he could get away with it, it would mean a fortune to him. I told you you wouldn't believe me. You think he was trying to kill you and shot Baker by mistake? He shot Baker and he framed me for the murder. See, that way he got rid of both of us. The man who was doing his dirty work and the guy who knew about it. Did a perfect job. But why wasn't all this brought out at the trial? Well, even my lawyer didn't believe my story. See, he told me that if I made a fantastic charge like that against a man in Wayne's position, it'd just prejudice the judge and the jury against me. The lawyer was right. I didn't have any evidence, Wayne is a prominent and respected man, and I had been fighting with Baker, so who'd believe me? Well, I believe you. I know you're telling the truth and I'm gonna try and help you. JOE: What can you do in the little time I've got left? CLARK: Sometimes a great deal can be done in a few hours. Especially if someone's trying hard. Keep your chin up. We'll be working for you. Thanks. I'm afraid even Superman couldn't do very much for me now. I wouldn't be too sure of that. Come on, Lois. [PHONE RINGS] Bids will be opened on the fifth, and all successful bidders will be notified at once. Hello? Oh, hold it a minute. That'll be all for now, Marion. Okay. Go ahead. Yes. Yes. Clark Kent and Lois Lane? Who are they? Newspaper reporters, eh? In a blue convertible, you say? Good. I've got it. Thanks. You'll get yours in the usual way. [PHONE RINGS] Yeah? Sure I can. Jobs like this are my specialty. They're in a blue convertible and I don't want them to get back here before Winters goes to the chair. Got it? I got just the gimmick. It ain't easy to hitchhike a ride in any one particular car, but I... Don't worry, boss. I can do it one way or another. [♪♪♪] Just the same, Clark. I don't know why you're so positive Winters is innocent. Very simple, Lois. You remember I had hold of his wrist? Well, I was taking his pulse, and all during his story, it was firm and steady. So? So do you know how a lie detector works? Well, it just measures the heartbeats and their reactions. Don't tell me you think you're a human lie detector. Not exactly. Cut it out. Only Superman could do a thing like that. You can let me out anywhere along here, Miss. Okay. Thanks a lot. Don't mention it. Anything I can do for you, Winters? Yeah, warden. Let me out of here. I mean, is there's any special food or anything like that... [CHUCKLES] I know, "condemned man ate a hearty breakfast." Thank you, warden, but I'm not thinking very much about food. I'm thinking about my wife and my kid. Clark, just occurred to me. Didn't that man have a lunch box when he got in the car? Hmm? Oh, I'm sorry, Lois. I'm afraid I didn't notice. I was trying to think of some way to help Joe Winters. Well, anyway, he didn't have a lunch box when he got out of the car. [♪♪♪] Step on the gas! Faster! Clark! Are you all right? Sure, I'm all right, Lois. But would you toss me down that trench coat that's on the seat of the car? I can't very well come up the way I am. Here we go. Catch! Thanks, Lois. I'm sure glad I had this with me. Clark, I want you to know I think that's one of the bravest things I've ever seen. You mean it's something you'd only expect Superman to do? Well, yes. Lois, sometimes I think you underestimate me. Well, that's about the most improbable story I ever heard. But chief, I'm certain that Winters was telling the truth. And remember he wanted that $10,000 for his family. All he had to do to get it was to admit he was the killer. Yes, it makes sense. Well, someone thought it was the truth. Otherwise, why would they try and stop Lois and me with a bomb? You're right. Okay. Get on it. But remember, this is a mighty tricky proposition. W.T. Wayne is a big man in this town, has a lot of influence. If you make any mistakes, we can end up with a million-dollar libel suit! I know, chief, but a man's life is at stake. An innocent man. Just be sure you can prove he's innocent. And, Kent... Sir? If I can help, I'd like to. Thanks, chief. There is something you can do. Will you contact the steel companies and try and find out what type of steel that Wayne bought for that job? It'd be a great help. I'll do it right away. Thanks. And Jimmy, you and I will go over to the shack where the murder was committed and try and find out what we can. Lois, go to the State Building and get me the exact specs of the steel to be used in that overpass. We'll get back here as soon as we can, or keep in touch by phone. Good. Gosh, there isn't much to see. What we looking for, anyway? Just wanna check and see if the shot that killed Baker came from outside. But there's just that double-window there, and according to the coroner's report, it couldn't have come from that angle. Hey, Mr. Kent, look here! Oh, yes. It's rigged that way, Jim, so the workmen can get at the tools without coming inside this shack. Yeah, but don't you see, a man... I know what you're trying to say. Someone could have come in, fired a shot, and gone out the same way. Golly, then maybe Joe Winters didn't kill Baker and Mr. Wayne did. Then all we've got to do is prove it before Winters gets the chair. Come on! Right. Yes? Yes. That's it? Thank you. Thank you very much. There's a complete list of the steel Wayne ordered for the overpass. Good. And here are the specifications for that steel. According to the contracts those sizes and qualities were to be used on the job. Now we're getting somewhere. Are we? Of course we are! Can't you understand what Kent's driving at? It's like this, Jim. If Wayne put cheap steel in the overpass, and if he filed false inspection reports, and if we can prove all this, then we have enough evidence for a new trial for Winters. That sounds like a lot of ifs to me. Hmm. I'm gonna examine the inspection reports Wayne filed with the county clerk. Lois, do you suppose you could get an interview with Wayne? You bet I can. I want to know what his reaction will be when he hears an investigation of the construction of the overpass might be coming up. Well, you be careful, young woman. If Wayne is involved, just remember somebody tried to dynamite you earlier today. This is the very middle of a big city, it's bright daylight, and I'm a big girl. Chief, I'll go with Miss Lane. I won't let anything happen to her. And don't call me "chief," you young whippersnapper! You better wait here, Jim. He's likely to get suspicious if we go in a body, so to speak. Well... okay. Thanks. Why should the Planet be interested in the amount of steel I bought for the overpass? Now, I don't' want your opinions. I want facts. Find out what this is all about and do it fast. Well? A Miss Lane to see you from the Daily Planet. Well, tell her I'm busy. Tell everybody I'm busy. Young lady, I... I didn't mind being kept waiting at all, Mr. Wayne, so you needn't apologize. That's very nice of you, I'm sure. But if you'll excuse me now, I'm a very busy man. I know you are. But you wouldn't be too busy to discuss a possible investigation of the construction on the new depot overpass, would you? Investigation? What in heaven's name for? Probably nothing to it. There seems to be a rumors that cheap, substandard steel was used in the reinforcing. That's a lie! Then why not let the Planet print some of the inspection reports? That should settle the whole matter. Well, I can't. I... I haven't got them. Uh, we don't keep them. They were destroyed! LOIS: I see. WAYNE: It would only clutter up the files if we had all those papers here. LOIS: That's too bad, isn't it? You're mistaken, Mr. Wayne. We didn't destroy those reports. Here they are. These are not the inspection sheets from the overpass. They're from a different deal. And don't tell me I'm mistaken again. If I could just see... I've had enough of this. There are no reports to be seen, and I have no more time to waste. Is that the only statement you wish to make? It is. Good day. It's getting late. Good night, Mr. Wayne. When I want anything from you I'll ask for it! But you were lying. Why? What I do is no concern of yours. Mr. Wayne, I've been with you for six years. And during that time, I've seen you pull some pretty strange deals. Business deals. Well, sharp deals, let's say. But when it comes to using substandard materials in a building project... Those are lies, Miss Cummings. The structure might collapse. People would be killed. That would be murder, Mr. Wayne. You use that word very easily. You're young and you're healthy. Take my advice and remain that way. Get anything? Enough to convince me he doesn't want an investigation. He tore up some papers and threw them in his waste basket. I want those papers. Hold everything. I'll get them for ya. I'll meet you back at the office. WOMAN: I'm sorry, I told you, you can't... Good day, Mr. Wayne! I'm James Olsen of the Little Giant Vacuum Cleaner Company. Glad to meet ya! I'm prepared to offer you, absolutely free of charge, an amazing demonstration of our sensational machine. The Little Giant sweeps, cleans, buffs, polishes without fuss or bother. [HUMMING] Listen to the hum of that motor. A powerful, two-phase, double-reciprocating electrical monster. What do you mean...? Don't thank me yet, Mr. Wayne. Wait until you see with your own eyes, the magic of the Little Giant. What a sloppy ashtray! I musta had it in the wrong end! Listen, you! See how she sweeps as she cleans? Take that thing and get out of here! Don't worry about a thing... Ow! [VACUUM SHUTS OFF] Listen, you. Take that monstrosity and get out of here before I break your neck! Well, it's about time you got here. You should have seen the thousands of reports I had to wade through. I could have used Superman. Jimmy, go down to the lab, [THUNDERCLAP] and tell 'em I'm in a big hurry for these prints. Will ya? Any luck? Yes. I found a whole bunch of reports, all filed together and all signed by Winters. How about you? Not bad. Take a look for yourself. Say, where did you get these? From Wayne. But not with his cooperation. Mm-hmm. Lois, The pieces are really beginning to fit together. [THUNDERCLAP] These are Winters' original reports. Definitely stating that the steel used is substandard. Here's your first picture. Thank you, Jimmy. Look at this. These are the reports filed by Wayne, and supposedly signed by Winters. Obvious forgeries. Then Winters was telling the truth. And Wayne is probably the real killer. There's one way to clinch it, Lois. Get the District Attorney's office on the phone and ask them to do some more work on the fingerprints on the murder gun. But the testimony at the trial said the only prints on the gun were Winters'. Yes, but that was only on the gun. Sometimes people make mistakes. Ask them to get the prints on the bullets in the gun. It could be just that! Not that phone, Lois. We've got to try and get through to the governor. Get me the Governor's mansion in State City and rush it! Winters will be going to the chair in an hour and he may be an innocent man. Yes. What? Oh, no! What is it? This storm. It's worse upstate. All the wires are down between here and State City. Well, I'm gonna try and get through to the governor myself. We've got to get that reprieve! You can't possibly get to State City in an hour! I can try. [THUNDERCLAP] Is it time? Yes, Joe. It's time. [THUNDERCLAP] Superman! Quick, governor. I have evidence that Joe Winters is not guilty. Not guilty? What proof have you? You'll have to take my word, sir. Your word is good enough for me, Superman. The phones are all out, sir. You'll have to sign a reprieve. He's got 30 seconds to live. Kent could never have gotten through in time. Thank you, governor. [♪♪♪] [BUZZING] I'm sorry I destroyed your wall, warden, but here's a reprieve for Winters, and time was getting a little close. Take Winters back to his cell. And thanks, Superman. And another thing... How did Superman happen to take over when you could never have made it? Well, I really don't know, Lois, but I suppose he's been interested in this case right along. Well, the important thing is that an innocent man was saved and that a guilty one was caught. Golly, you were right about those bullets, Mr. Kent. They were covered with Mr. Wayne's fingerprints. And his secretary talked plenty. I wonder how a real smart man like Mr. Wayne could turn out to be so stupid. Perhaps he wasn't so smart, Jim. You know, I betcha if I'd really tried, I coulda sold him that vacuum cleaner! [♪♪♪] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 