Adventures of Superman: Season 2, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adventures of Superman 
 s2e11 - The Man in the Lead Mask - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adventures of Superman (1952–1958): Season 2, Episode 11 - The Man in the Lead Mask - full transcript 
 Marty Mitchell, a wanted criminal, offers other crooks something they can't pass up: for $50,000 each, they'll get a new face, courtesy of plastic surgery, and changed fingerprints. Experts say changing fingerprints is impossible but Mitchell appears to have done it. Clark Kent, in both in his civilian and Superman identities, is determined to solve the mystery. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [♪♪♪] NARRATOR: Faster than a speeding bullet. More powerful than a locomotive. Able to leap tall buildings at a single bound. MAN 1: Look! Up in the sky! MAN 2: It's a bird! WOMAN: It's a plane! MAN 3: It's Superman! NARRATOR: Yes, it's Superman, strange visitor from another planet who came to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. Superman, who can change the course of mighty rivers, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 bend steel in his bare hands, and who, disguised as Clark Kent, mild-mannered reporter for a great metropolitan newspaper, fights a never-ending battle for truth, justice and the American way. And now, another exciting episode in the Adventures of Superman! [♪♪♪] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn [BLOWING WHISTLE] [BLOWS WHISTLE] [GUNSHOT] Now... where are the facts? All the facts we've got. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Police report on the post office. Photograph of the shot-off section of the lead mask. Our newspaper file on Marty Mitchell, the most wanted criminal in the country. Now, here are the questions. You answer them. Why would anyone raid a post office to steal a police poster? And why Marty Mitchell's? Unless that person's found out something about Mitchell. Or has seen him in the city. Or he is Mitchell. And why the mask? Well, it figures, chief. If you're a wanted man like Mitchell, your face is too well-known. Well, after all, a trick mask is not exactly inconspicuous. And why a lead mask? Metropolis and Superman go together, don't they? And isn't it generally known that lead is the only substance that Superman's x-ray vision can't penetrate? What do you think, Clark? Well... it's a thought. Sounds good to me. Get the story. [♪♪♪] Took you long enough. Well, I had to hide out for a while. Somebody was looking for me. Yeah, we heard some cop shot off part of your lead mask. Yeah, not a bad shot, that guy. But I got what I went after. Now, you took a little chance, didn't you, Marty? Or maybe you're just crazy about the way you used to look. Well, I had to prove it to you guys. You wanted to be sure, didn't you? You got a set of my prints on the card. Go ahead. Check them with what the police have on file. They're different. He's changed his prints. Let's get it straight, boys. I didn't do it. Let's give credit where it belongs. Doc, you did a perfect job. There's not another surgeon alive can use a knife like you can. Boys, he's a genius. The first time in history he's changed them. New fingerprints. Thank you, Mr. Mitchell, but it was your idea. Now, you're all wanted men. You know the score as well as I do. New prints mean a new life. The freedom you never even thought you'd have. The Doc here does a package job. Well, look what he did for me. First, he changed the face. Then he fixed the fingers. I'm sold, Mitchell. You know that. But it's still a question of money. We haven't got it. The price is too steep. For what you're getting? Why, the Doc is doing you a favor. Twenty-five thousand for the face. The same for the prints. Only 50 grand. We've been on the lam for months. Some of us even longer. We haven't got that kind of cash, and you know it. What's more, we don't dare go on the outside to get it. Our faces are too well-known. You think this lead mask last night was grandstanding, don't you? Well, it wasn't. I don't waste time. I set out to prove something, and it worked. Now, with masks, they don't recognize you. And with lead masks, even Superman can't see you. And your new faces will be covered too. I've got masks for all of you. Okay? Listen, Mitchell... you're smart, plenty smart. Maybe you're too smart. Sure, we know you went out and stole the poster. But how do we know you didn't switch it for a fake one with new fingerprints? Now, listen, Scott! I don't like to... Police science says you can't do it! And something tells me I'm not so sure you can. Okay. Okay, Scott. You're gonna be sure. You're gonna get it right from the top. Maybe that will convince you. Oh, thanks for the cup of coffee, Mr. Kent. Uh, Mr. Kent? Hm? Oh. I enjoyed the company. Oh, I'm sorry Lois. I was thinking about that Mitchell case. Yes, I know. Twelve o'clock and not a mask in sight. Hello. Hello. That's the Daily Planet building across the street, isn't it? Yes. Many reporters hang around here? Sure. There's a couple over there. What will you have today? Buttermilk. Large glass. Oh, if we could only get that $10 raise, I could get a new hat. Lois, look at that man at the counter. This is a pretty quiet city. Needs waking up. You're certainly right about that. Well...? Did you hear his voice? Sounds just like Marty Mitchell. Look at the way he's drumming his fingers. Just like Marty used to do. I'll bet you that is Marty with a new face. Listen, Clark... this is a long shot that's really long. You've gotta be careful. Accuse an innocent man because he talks like Mitchell, or does something like him, you'll end up with a suit for false arrest. I've got a hunch it is Mitchell, and I'm gonna find out. In fact, I'm gonna try and get his fingerprints. Now, you stay here and keep an eye on him. I'll be back as quick as I can. Uh, miss, could I have a glass of water, please? Oh, certainly. Thank you. [COIN CLINKS] Uh, excuse me, please. Mister? Would you hand me that, please? Oh. Thank you. [RINGS] [RINGS] Hello? Olsen speaking. Hello, Jimmy? Oh, hi, Mr. Kent. What did you say you did with my car? What happened to your car? You ran it off a bridge? But I didn't say that. I... Wh-what is this, a gag? Oh, I get it. You can't talk, huh? Where are you? Well, listen, chowderhead... I'll take care of you later. I'm at Pep's Diner. Pep's Diner. Hold page one for a re-plate. Yes, until you hear from me. It's a possible lead on the Mitchell story, and it might be a big one. [CLEARS THROAT] Now, chief, you're not gonna spoil those prints, are you? Ha! After 20 years as a police reporter? In my day you had to know how to use this fingerprint equipment. But just relax. We'll know soon. Hi, Miss Lane! What's up with Mr. Kent? Shh, Jimmy. Sit down and smile. Smile? Why? What's happy? We'll know pretty soon. Clark thinks the man at the counter is Marty Mitchell. Marty Mitchell? You don't mean Marty Mitchell the public enemy? Thank you. [RINGS] He's leaving. Oh, and Clark's still checking those prints. Well, we can't let him leave. What about the story? Well, we're not positive. Yeah? Well, if Mr. Kent thinks he's Mitchell, that's good enough for me. What's the idea? Just hold it, Mitchell. Mitchell? My name ain't Mitchell! It's Canfield! He's bluffing. Miss Lane, call the police! Police?! You're crazy! Maybe so, but I'm not taking any chances. Composing? White. False alarm. Kill that replate. After this count 10 before you ask me to hold the front page. And there's no chance that could be Mitchell, huh? Not unless he's done the impossible and changed his fingerprints. And I've got it from experts, that can't be done. Well, thanks anyway, chief. Well, I better call off my watchdogs. What? Lois and Jimmy, they're babysitting. Why didn't you stop Jimmy, Lois? This false arrest business could be very serious, as you yourself pointed out to me! But Jimmy grabbed him before I could say boo. I had to see it through with him. I'll go down to police headquarters and see what I can do. Come on. [TIRES SQUEAL] Pretty good gag, that water glass. Did it give you a good set of prints? Well, if you knew what I was trying to do, why didn't you stop me? What for? Not everybody can be taken for the great Marty Mitchell. Well, are you? Maybe. Maybe I am. The cops don't think so. And they just this minute checked me over. Hey, wait a minute, Sherlock. Maybe I fooled the cops into thinking I changed my fingerprints. Yeah, that's it. You know, there's a 20 grand price on my head. Why don't you turn me in? That's a lot of dough, Kent. How long does it take a reporter to make that kind of money? You can't change prints, you know that? Well, what do you know? We learn something new every day. Uh, listen Mr., um... Canfield. Marty Canfield. Mr. Canfield, what are you after? A reason for not suing you and your paper for false arrest. And I think I've got it. I'll settle for a full story in the afternoon edition. All about the arrest and my being cleared. Maybe I just like to see my name in the papers. But I wanna see it. Deal? All right. We'll run your story. But if you should be Marty Mitchell, you aren't gonna be happy. You've got a story to write, sonny. Go ahead. Make your deadline. So you haven't been fired yet, eh, Kent? Nope, inspector, not yet. But I'm working on it. Seems to me you're doing pretty well at it. I can't think Perry White will be any too happy when he finds that Bert Canfield has filed a false arrest suit against the paper. There isn't gonna be any false arrest suit, inspector. Oh? Nope. He's let us off the hook. He did, eh? Yup. Seems to me he had a pretty good case. You had him arrested as Marty Mitchell, and it turns out he hasn't Marty Mitchell's face or fingerprints. And therefore, he couldn't possibly be Marty Mitchell, is that it? It sure looks that way, doesn't it? Yes, it does, inspector. But Canfield, or whatever his real name happens to be, seems to want us or somebody to believe that he's Mitchell. Why? I don't know. Do you believe that he's Mitchell? Well... I'll say this much, Kent. His voice is Mitchell's voice... his mannerisms are Mitchell's mannerisms... and his Bertillon measurements correspond with Mitchell's. Yes, but...? But he hasn't Mitchell's face. Well, now, inspector... could be plastic surgery. Could be, but he hasn't Mitchell's fingerprints! I'm sick and tired of hearing about fingerprints. Kent, they can't be changed, and someday I'm gonna prove it to you. You do that! And meanwhile, with your permission, I'll go back to the office and make Perry White happy. You do that, Kent. There's nothing I like better than to see somebody happy. Glad to hear it, inspector. Meanwhile, you owe me another dinner. Oh. "And although there was a striking voice similarity "between Canfield and the missing Mitchell, "as well as definite similarities of mannerisms, "a fingerprint checkup at police headquarters "this afternoon revealed a clear case of mistaken identity. The suspect was immediately released." Well, if the police released you, that convinces me. Me too. I'll go along. No hard feelings, Scott. I like a man that thinks. Well... the masks are ready. And so are the jobs. All lined up. Here they are. Take your pick. DISPATCHER [ON RADIO]: Calling all cars. Calling all cars. Attention. Mysterious robbery reports coming in from all areas. Criminals are armed and are wearing those same lead masks. Stand by for emergency orders. [♪♪♪] [ALARM RINGING] [MUFFLED MUMBLING] Cars 46, 42, 49, attention. Masked burglar fleeing from jewelry shop, 1200 block, Branwood Boulevard. Now driving south. [TIRES SQUEAL] [MOANING, STAMMERING] We're trying to help you, Morrell. What is it? What...? [DOOR OPENS] He's still raving, Kent. Even that lead mask didn't save him from a concussion when his head hit the dashboard. He keeps saying the same things. He's the same Jack Morrell the FBI have been looking for, isn't he? For a long time. [MOANING] I've got to get to the money. I've got to get to the money. Sure, Morrell. Sure. You'll get it. Tell us... what do you want the money for? The face. First... the face. Then... Then... I'm going to take care of them. Take care of the hands. I've got to take care of the han... [SIGHS, MOANS] I guess he'll be out for a long time, now. Mm-hm. You know, inspector, in spite of the police clearance of Canfield today, this lead mask business definitely connects the Mitchell case to this one. We know that, Kent. Now, just a minute. Let... Let me think this out. You just heard Morrell. He said "the face" and "the hands." Well, Canfield had a different face and a different set of fingerprints today too. But I'm convinced he's Mitchell in disguise. Come with me, Kent. I'll show you something at the police lab that will dispel your doubts once and for all. These are comparison sets, Kent. First, you'll see the original prints of known criminals. Then you'll see the same prints after attempts have been made to disguise them. Watch. Uh, lights, please. Now, here's a skin-graft attempt. See how the same patterns continue to come through. Crude mutilation. Burns. Sandpapering. Acid. There's always some scar tissue to betray the criminal. Lights, please. It never works, Kent. And it never will. Or at least we don't think so. If the underworld would ever successfully change its fingerprints, it would be the most disastrous blow to law and order that has ever been received. It would make our system of criminal identification obsolete. I can quite understand that, inspector. But there's one other thing. Would it be possible to backtrack the tire prints of Morrell's car and find his hideout? Well, theoretically, yes. But, practically, I'm afraid not. It would be a microscopic job and would require super-sight to follow such a trail. I see. Oh, one other thing. Can I ask you for one small favor? Sure, go ahead. Well, can I borrow that lead mask? One of our staff artists wants to make a sketch to go with the story. All right. But I want it back in the morning. You'll get it. Thanks a lot, inspector. [♪♪♪] Nice going, Paulie. Thirty thousand. That will take care of the job on my face, and then some. But how about the new fingerprints? Doc will start your face surgery tomorrow. Your prints will be done when you get another 20 thousand. But, Boss, I gotta have the new fingerprints! I'll take care of the money later. I gotta have the new... They'll do your prints when you get another 20 thousand. You buckled that job good, didn't you? We heard it on the radio. Well, we got one more big job left. Then we're clearing out. Morrell, I'm taking you with me. Wait outside in the car. I'll be right out. We don't want any mistakes this time. This is the biggest job yet: The Daily Planet. They put the payroll in the safe this afternoon. Ha-ha-ha-ha. Just so we can take it out tonight. Come on. Let's go. [♪♪♪] [FUMBLES WITH LOCK] Give me the drill. Wipe the grease off it. [DOOR CLOSES] What's that? Who's that? Jim Olsen. He's a reporter. How do you know that? I know lots of things. In fact, I know exactly who you are. You. You're not Morrell. Who are you?! S-Superman. Hello, Jimmy. Golly, Superman! Did I hurt you? No, of course not. But you wanna be more careful with gadgets like that. You know, you're right. If it had been anybody but you, I'd have slaughtered them. [LAUGHS] Oh, it's just a disguise, Jimmy. I bet you if I could find out whose pants those are, I'd know who you really were. No, Jimmy, I only paid $2 for these in a secondhand clothing store. But this is much more important. This surprise package here represents a story that belongs to you and Miss Lane. It does? Yes. Now, you get hold of Miss Lane and go out Route 12. Go out about 14 miles and turn left the first cutoff. There's a small shack there, and we'll be there waiting for you. Thank you, Superman. Golly. Soon as I correct my attire, my friend, away we'll go. You mean, you're gonna fly me there? Ha-ha. That's right. You'll be crazy about it. [♪♪♪] [FIRE ROARING] I'm surprised at smart fellas like you falling for a racket like this. What are you talking about? Mr. Canfield knows, and so does his friend here. Take off that mask. WINGATE: Why, it's Marty Mitchell. The face... it's never been changed. And the fingerprints... We've been conned! How did you guess, Superman? Or if I know you, it was more than just guesswork. Mitchell was thinking so hard about fingerprints that he forgot all about his own. Naturally, I'd seen his prints on the wanted posters. So when one showed up here on the handle, I knew that Canfield was just a front. He must have learned Mitchell's every mannerism, every voice inflection. Not bad. Fifty thousand a piece from the four of us, and then Mitchell, Canfield and the Doc blow town and split it up. I don't think that Mitchell was planning any split. Here. Here's an airplane ticket. But it's only for one. JIMMY: Help! Help! Please, Superman! I can't get um, out of this thing! Help! Help! Superman, I can't get this thing off! I'm sorry, Jimmy. I can't help you. Oh, no! [PANTS] Help! [♪♪♪] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 