Adventures of Superman: Season 2, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adventures of Superman 
 s2e15 - My Friend Superman - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adventures of Superman (1952–1958): Season 2, Episode 15 - My Friend Superman - full transcript 
 Diner owner Tony (Tito Vuolo) keeps a pair of protection racketeers (Terry Frost, Paul Burke) from bothering him by claiming (falsely) to be close friends with Superman (George Reeves). Unfortunately, Tony gets in over his head when he records an incriminating conversation between himself and the crooks, and he is forced to solicit the aid of reporter Clark Kent--little imagining that Clark and Superman are one and the same. The climax of this episode is a slapstick pie fight, in which no one is spared a custard massage. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [♪♪♪] NARRATOR: Faster than a speeding bullet. More powerful than a locomotive. Able to leap tall buildings at a single bound. MAN 1: Look! Up in the sky! MAN 2: It's a bird! WOMAN: It's a plane! MAN 3: It's Superman! NARRATOR: Yes, it's Superman, strange visitor from another planet, who came to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. Superman, who can change the course of mighty rivers, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 bend steel in his bare hands, and who, disguised as Clark Kent, mild-mannered reporter for a great metropolitan newspaper, fights a never-ending battle for truth, justice and the American way. And now, another exciting episode in the Adventures of Superman! [♪♪♪] [CAR HORN BEEPS] Those are the two men that came in yesterday, Papa. I'll wait on 'em. No, no, Elaine. I take care of them. Y-you watch this. You got it, Tony? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yeah. Smart boy, Tony. Now you don't have to worry about busted windows, people wrecking your joint, or nothing. Now you got protection. You gonna be sorry. You gonna be real sorry. What makes you think so, Tony? I'm-a know so. Because Tony, he's a personal friend of Superman. Hear that, Ace? He's a friend of Superman's. I'll show you. I'll show you proof. Well, here we go again. I think Papa's beginning to believe it himself. Hah. Yeah. How do you think I got this, huh? Okay, how? Ha, with my own two eyes, I watch when Superman take it away from a crook and twist it up just like a piece of spaghetti. Like this. Sure, sure, Tony. Now let's make with a couple of hot beef sandwiches. And don't forget the ketchup. Two hot beef sandwich, bambina. Tell us the truth, Tony. How'd you do it? Bend it in a vise? Never mind. Someday, instead of a sandwich, you gonna eat your words. Ha, ha, ha. [♪♪♪] Hi, Lois, what's the bag for? Where you going? Oh, I'm going away on a visit. And I'm in a hurry, so if you don't mind... B-but, Lois... Oh, jeepers, Mr. Kent, where you been? The chief's been tearing his hair. Kent! Yes, sir? Well, where is it? Uh, right here, sir. When on earth did you have time to do this? Well, chief, sometimes I can be pretty fast with that typewriter of mine. Must be. Come in the office. Yes, sir. Looks good, Kent. This series should blow the protection racket right out of its boots. I certainly hope so, chief. Where did Lois go? Oh, don't ask me. I'm just the editor of this paper. However, she was kind enough to leave me this note for me. "Chief, have hot lead for new evidence on protection racket. Back in a couple of days." Couple of days? What do you suppose she's up to? My boy, I think you're old enough to know something about women. And that is, there's nothing you'll ever know about them. I don't like it, chief. She's liable to wind up on some pretty thin ice. Well, look who's here. That reporter, Kent. It figures. This joint's right next to the Planet building. But I don't like that guy. He's got a real hot typewriter. Gets a lot of people in trouble. Someday, that typewriter of his is gonna explode and knock him right out of this world. Oh, hello, Mr. Kent. Hello, Tony. Hey, Jimmy, you come in late today. How am I gonna make a living? I guess you'll have to keep us after school. Hi. Huh? Oh, sure. H-hi. It's a beautiful day inside, isn't it, Elaine? What's the matter, Jim. You act flustered? Me? Yeah. Oh, no, no. I'm, uh... I'm as calmly perfect as a June in day. Can I take your order, Mr. Olsen? Oh, yeah, y-you can take it any place you like. I won't be needing it. Hey, Tony, bring me another one. I'm-a never see a man who likes the hamburger so much. Ah, it's not the hamburger. I'm crazy about the pickles. Sometimes I think you're just crazy. Why? Because I don't believe you know Superman? Makes no difference to me if you believe me or not. Superman is my best friend. Ha, ha. Mr. Kent, where's Ms. Lane today? She's out of town for a few days, Tony. Nobody knows where she went. TONY: Oh. She's another one. She should stay out of town, permanent. Say, Kent... Yes, George? Did you hear the latest? Tony's gonna play golf with Superman tomorrow. [LAUGHS] I'm-a no say that, Mr. Kent. Why not? It sounds like a fine idea to me, Tony. Only, you won't embarrass Superman by beating him. Hey, you don't believe Tony, either, huh? Oh, I didn't say that. Well, I'm gonna tell you something. I'm gonna tell you a true story. This happen last year, remember? A man topple off the roof. He falls 15 stories down. But just in time, Superman come from nowhere. He catches the man in his arm, and he save his life. Yes, I remember that, Tony. But what did you have to do with it? Why, me, I'm the guy who push the guy off the roof. No, no, I mean, I'm-a the guy who tip off Superman. Come on, Papa, that's enough. Gee, it looks wonderful. I'll get your milk. It's not enough? You wanna hear another one? You know, I could almost believe him. All right, I'll tell you another one. This was another time. Superman, he break right into the crook's house, and he surprise everybody. Heh, and guess who's give the Superman the tip that time? You again? That's right, me. Well, that's fine, Tony. If you see Superman, you just give him my regards, will you? Sure, sure, Mr. Kent. [GLASS CLINKING] Excuse me, please. Of course. Keep the change. You boys are gonna pay for the food? Why not? What do you take us for, a couple chiselers? I'm-a taking you for lotta worse than that. Be seeing you, Tony... the first of each week. You wanted to see us, Cap? See this? The evening edition of the Planet. And that's only the first of eight articles. Byline: Clark Kent. I told you that guy had a hot typewriter. Gimme that. "This series, exposing a vicious protection racket, "will be based on documented fact. "The Planet is in possession of some 50 signed affidavits from shopkeepers who have been victimized." Boys, there's only one thing to do. Get out of town? Uh-uh. Get those affidavits. Cap, that's one newspaper you don't wanna fool around with. Everybody knows that Superman takes a personal interest in the Planet. Wait a minute. If we can get rid of Superman for just one hour, we can get those affidavits. Are you nuts? How can you get rid of Superman? Rumor has it that Clark Kent is Superman's contact. Well, what if he isn't? What if that's just a coverup? You mean Tony? Sure, why not? Nah, I can't see it. If Tony were the contact, he wouldn't go broadcasting it all over the joint. That's the point. He puts on such a big act, nobody believes him. That's exactly what he wants. Could be, but where does that get us? Well, there's one other thing we know, remember? Lois Lane, that girl reporter, is out of town for a couple days. And nobody knows where. Like I said, where does that get us? We just put two and two together, and I'll tell you what it gets us: the affidavits! I got a plan, Cap. Okay, Spud, it's up to you. Just don't make any mistakes. Ha... Coming up. The first, the original, the one and only Superburger. Now, just a minute, Tony. Don't tell me that Superman gave you his private recipe for Superburger. That's right. Looks like we're having some steady customers, Pop. What kind of soup you got, Tony? Oh, today, I got something new. Supersoup. Sounds good. Draw a couple. You know what I think? I think your old man's got super-holes in his head. Now, I'll start it up, and you pick it up, got it? I'd still rather get out of town. Yeah, that Superman's really gonna be surprised. ACE: Imagine, kidnapping Lois Lane, right from under Superman's nose. SPUD: That's what the grapevine says. It ain't been wrong yet. I wonder who's pulling the job. ACE: Beats me. All I heard was something about a Mr. X. Supposed to take place around Watsonville, at 6:00 tomorrow night. Oh, well, it ain't none of our business. I wonder what Tony's doing with our soup? Oh, two bowls soup, coming right up. Thanks, Tony. Say, let me give you a little tip. You ain't gonna be dumb enough to sign one of them affidavits for Clark Kent, are you? I'm no need to sign nothing. I'm letting Superman take care of everything, when the right time she's coming. Provided you know how to get in touch with Superman, huh, Tony? Gonna find out pretty soon. He heard, all right. Now all we gotta do is make contact. Let's get out of here. Oh, Mr. Kent, I gotta have a talk with you. Why, sure, Tony. I've gotta get ahold of Superman. Well, that shouldn't be difficult for you. Well, uh, that's... That's not my problem. I can get ahold of him. But I also gotta know where is Ms. Lane. Well, as I told you yesterday, no one knows where she went. But what's she got to do with it? Tomorrow night at 6:00 somewhere near Watsonville, she's gonna be kidnap. Tony, that's carrying a joke too far. Oh, but don't you worry, Mr. Kent. If anybody knows where is Ms. Lane, Superman is the one. Yes, you'd think so, wouldn't you. But what if he doesn't? He's got to. I gotta get ahold of him. Of course, maybe if you see him first, Mr. Kent. Uh, Tony, could I have a glass of milk? Sure. Would you mind bringing it over to that table? Yes. Thank you. Thank you, Tony. Oh! Mama mia! The rifle. Only one man is strong enough to do that. Superman! Perhaps that's just his way of letting you know he got the message, Tony. That's right. That's right. He travel so fast, nobody see him. You see? You see, now what you got to say? You switched rifles. You can't fool me, Tony. Mr. Kent, you think he really got the message? Well, I don't know, Tony. You seem to know him much better than I do. But I would keep my eyes and ears open because I'm sure that Superman could use anything that you might find out. That's what I'm gonna do. Tony's gonna take care of everything. [♪♪♪] That's all I know, chief. But if it's true, Lois is up to her ears in trouble. Great Caesar's ghost! If it isn't you, it's Lois. If it isn't Lois, it's young Olsen. Some of these days, one of you will get into a jam that even Superman can't get you out of. That's exactly what I was thinking. I guess all we can do is hope that she'll call between now and tomorrow night. Let me know if she does, will you, chief? Hm. Well, if I know Lois, she won't. All right. So how do we know Superman gets the story? Yeah, 'cause I ain't walkin' in them Planet offices to steal no affidavits with Superman still in town. We gotta get those papers. Without the proof, that whole series of Kent's goes down the drain. Well, there's only one way we're gonna find out if our plan worked: from Tony. What do we do? Ask him, did he find Superman? We don't have to ask him. The look on his face is gonna give us the answer. Could be. Okay, we go to this diner tomorrow around 5. We watch Tony. If we figure it's safe, we bust into the Planet at 6. With Superman a couple of hundred miles away on a wild goose chase. What's the matter, Tony, worried about the time? Oh, I'm-a got no worries. Everything is taken care of. Hey, where's Mr. Kent, Jimmy? Oh, I-I don't know. He went out right after work. He said there was something he had to do. Elaine, there's a new show on down at the Majestic. I was wondering if... Yes, Mr. Olsen? If... maybe... I could have another glass of milk. Glass of m... Yes, sir. Right this way, gentlemen. This way. The best seat in the house. Three coffees, Tony. Three coffees, bambina. Yes, Papa. Say, uh, how did that rifle get straightened out? Oh, the same way it got twisted up. [MEN CONVERSING INDISTINCTLY] TED: Go man, go. Go man, go. [GIGGLING] TED: Hi, Elaine. Hiya, Tony. Hey, let's have a little noise around here. I'll put some loot in the platter box, huh? Go ahead. Tony looks like he needs a cheering up. No, I'm no need no cheering up. I'm the most cheerful man in the world. What do you wanna hear, Claire? Anything. It doesn't matter. No, no, the box, she's a-busted down. Why, it doesn't look busted down to me, Tony. It's too late in the day. It's time to be quiet, relaxed. Okay, Tony, I'll play something real relaxed, huh. What, wait... [SWING MUSIC PLAYING] [INAUDIBLE DIALOGUE] [MUSIC STOPS] What happened? Must've broke from the noise. Maybe I can fix it, Tony, huh? No. No, no, no, no. I got a better idea. Tony's gonna buy you both something brand-new. What's new, Tony? It's a... It's a super hamburger. Mmm! Sounds delish. What are we waiting for? Super hamburger? Wow! You sit down. I'll make the hamburger. That'll go great with some eight to the... Hey, Tony, look. It's just the plug, that's all. No, wait... [MUSIC PLAYING] Look at those kids. Sure must be nice to be young. Nervous, man, nervous. [LAUGHS] Tony, if the music really bothers you, why, we'll stop. No, no, it's no matter now. It's okay. Hey, dig those crazy skyscrapers. Oh! Where'd you learn to make those, Tony? I'm-a getting the recipe from... It's not important. Bambina, you serve them. Are you absolutely sure, chief? No word from Lois? Positive. And it's close to 6:00. Our only hope is that Superman can locate her and prevent whatever's going to happen. Well, the least he can do is try. I'll see you later. [♪♪♪] Hey. I'm a big, dumb fool, Jimmy. I mess up everything. What do you mean, Tony? You're no fool. Come in the back room. I'm want you to hear something. Five minutes more, boys. Then we move. And once we get our hands on those affidavits, we're gonna pay a few little calls on a few little shopkeepers who signed them. I don't think they'll sign 'em again. [TELEPHONE RINGS] Hello, Lois? No, no, Mr. Kent. It's me, Jimmy. Well, Jimmy, I'm sorry. I haven't got time to talk to you now. I was just on my way out. But, uh, I was hoping that Lois might call at the last minute. That's what I'm calling about. I'm in the kitchen of the diner, and, uh, Tony's got a wire recording down here I think you ought to know about. Oh, please, Jimmy. I don't have time now. But it's about Ms. Lane. Most of the recording's blurred out, but according to it, she's not in any danger at all. She isn't? Well, let's hear the recording. Sure, the only thing is, you won't be able to hear much of it. Well, play it anyway, Jimmy. Okay. Turn it on. SPUD: Did you hear about the rifle? That means he made contact. Superman's off on a wild goose chase, just like we planned. CAP: And that leaves us a clear field. All we gotta do is... TED: Hi, Elaine. Hiya, Tony. Hey, let's have a little noise around here. I'll put some loot in the platter box, huh? CLAIRE: Go ahead. Tony looks like he needs cheering up. Ready? Still got a couple of minutes. TED: Okay, Tony, I'll play something real relaxed, huh? TONY: What, wait... [SWING MUSIC PLAYING] CAP: Dumb kids. What was I saying? Oh, yeah, I figure they keep the affidavits in one of the main offices. At exactly 6:00, we go up there... I wish we could hear what they were saying under the music. I'm wishing I had superhearing like Superman, so I can hear them. CAP: And once we get the papers, we got nothing to worry about. Jimmy? Jimmy! Turn it off. I know, I know, Mr. Kent. You couldn't understand a word. I wish we knew what they really had on their minds. Where are these men now? Right here at the diner, or they were. Well, you save that spool for evidence, anyway. Evidence? The police lab may be able to filter out some of the music. I'll be over as soon as I can. Hey, look. Well, hello, Ms. Lane. What are you doing here? Oh, just got back in town. Thought I might find Clark and Jimmy around. Hey, let's get out of here. So the dame's back in town. As long as Superman don't know that, what's the worry? JIMMY: Hi, Ms. Lane. Hi, Jim. Say, what's going on around here? Oh, believe me, Ms. Lane, if I had the vaguest idea, I'd be glad to tell ya. [♪♪♪] Let's go. Well... Superman! I told you! Well, gentlemen, the perfect ending to a wild goose chase. It ain't ended yet. Here, throw this! [GIGGLES] [GIGGLES] Tony, that's a pretty mean cup you throw. Oh, Mr. Superman, I'm so sorry I cause you trouble. I'm sorry I talk too much and tell so many big... Ah, never mind about that, Tony. As a matter of fact, I have a brand new recipe I'd like you to try. You gonna bring me a new recipe? But... There's one thing I don't understand. How did you find out about this, Superman? Well, I'm afraid you'll have to ask Tony that. Okay, how about it, Tony? Well, uh, it's like this. I like to explain, but I can't 'cause me and Superman has got a few secrets we have to keep just between us, huh? Well, I'll be darned. He really does know Superman. [♪♪♪] NARRATOR: Don't miss the next thrill-packed episode in the amazing Adventures of Superman! Superman is based on the original character appearing in Superman magazine. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 