Adventures of Superman: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adventures of Superman 
 s2e3 - The Man Who Could Read Minds - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adventures of Superman (1952–1958): Season 2, Episode 3 - The Man Who Could Read Minds - full transcript 
 Reporters Clark, Lois, and Jimmy hope to find out who has been pulling a series of burglaries. Clues lead them to a nightclub which hosts Swami Armada, a phony mind reader, and Lois and Jimmy decide to set up a sting operation to catch the thieves. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [♪♪♪] NARRATOR: Faster than a speeding bullet. More powerful than a locomotive. Able to leap tall buildings at a single bound. MAN 1: Look! Up in the sky! MAN 2: It's a bird! WOMAN: It's a plane! MAN 3: It's Superman! NARRATOR: Yes, it's Superman, strange visitor from another planet who came to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. Superman, who can change the course of mighty rivers, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 bend steel in his bare hands, and who, disguised as Clark Kent, mild-mannered reporter for a great metropolitan newspaper, fights a never-ending battle for truth, justice and the American way. [♪♪♪] You men take North Branwood Drive. Cruise slowly. And remember, he's probably armed and dangerous. What's the idea of getting us down here? We have a newspaper to get out. The Daily Planet's caused the department enough trouble, Mr. White. Look at this headline! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I saw it before it went to press. "Phantom burglar still at large. Mystery thief puzzles police." I'll tell you what else it says. "Outraged citizens of Metropolis, "after a series of successful raids by the Phantom Burglar, "are beginning to wonder what, if anything, the police department is doing about it." Sounds like a fair question to me, inspector. You know what we've been up against. The Phantom Burglar's operations have been perfect. No forced windows, no jimmied entries. And his timing has been precise. We don't even have a witness who can describe him. We've printed that, too. Doesn't make you look good. All right, Mr. White. I want you to see the effort we're making to trap the Phantom. Look at this map. You'll observe this area of Metropolis, with its expensive homes, has been the exclusive target of the Phantom Burglar. Tonight, I've got every available squad car on patrol. If the Phantom shows, we should get him. Let's go out on our own, Miss Lane. This is our chance to grab ourselves a real scoop. Jimmy, the chief will fire us if we do anything like that. Not if we're the ones that spot the Phantom, he won't. The Chief and Mr. Kent will grab the story if it breaks here. Gee, we could have the scoop of the year. Well... [SIGHS] Come on. [♪♪♪] Lois. Now, where do they think they're going? She probably forgot something back at the office, chief. With luck, we might have the Phantom in a few hours. Just stand by. That's all I'm asking. Chief, let's string along with the inspector. After all, this is a tough one. Well, all right. How you think this would sound? "Last night, ace reporters James Olsen and Lois Lane captured..." I mean, "Lois Lane and James Olsen "captured the notorious Phantom Burglar "as he emerged from the scene of his latest robbery. These two fearless reporters..." Jimmy, stop the car! Someone just came out of that house. It's him. The police! Let's get to a phone! No, I'm gonna get him. [♪♪♪] Step on it! [TIRES SQUEAL] They're tailing us. Maybe I can cool them off. Let's go. Better stop, Jimmy. You better get on the floor, Miss Lane. Pull up, chief. [GUNSHOT] [GUNSHOT] Chief, it's Jim and Lois. They're being fired on. I, uh, recognize the car. That fool kid. If I ever get my hands on him... Chief, this could be quite a scoop. How about letting me get out and phone, huh? Don't worry, Kent. The bullets won't reach this far. No, chief, it's just our job. Now, if Lois and Jimmy have really flushed the Phantom, why, it's a real scoop! Okay. You won't be much help down there, anyhow, but go ahead. Thanks, chief. [♪♪♪] [GUNSHOT] They're gaining. Keep her steady as you can. [SCREAMS] [TIRES SCREECHING] Gosh, look, Miss Lane! Thanks, Superman. We're very grateful. Just what were you two trying to do? Take a shortcut? They shot out our tire. It was the Phantom. We had him once, but he got away. Did you get a good look at him? [SIGHS] He had his hood on. The only thing I got for a souvenir was a right hook. Besides this. It looks like a top. "Five, 10, none at all, 20, 30." I don't get it. [CAR RUMBLES] Are you all right? You bet. Superman took care of that. I'll take care of you later. Well, thanks, Superman. It seems as though you're making a career out of helping us. They got away. Was it the Phantom? Yes. This top may be a clue to his identity. What is it? Well, it's a top, all right. "Your tip." I'm afraid this is beyond me too. Oh, wait a minute. Isn't there a nightclub in town called the Tip-Top? [SNAPS] Of course. When you get your bill, you spin the top to see how much you'll tip your waiter. It's a cute gimmick. Well, I don't want to pour cold water, but isn't it possible that, perhaps, the Phantom just went there for entertainment? It wouldn't hurt to check, would it? You're right, Superman. Now, I'm going back to the office. Lois, you head for the Tip-Top Club and snoop around. Me too? I found it, didn't I? I want you here where I can keep my eye on you. And, on second though, Lois, you should have an escort. Kent's over at the office. I'll have him take you there. And why aren't you changing that tire? I'm sorry I can't change it for you, Jimmy. But I have an appointment coming up. [CAR HORN HONKS] [CLICKS OPEN GLOVE COMPARTMENT] What am I holding now, swami? A bracelet. [APPLAUSE] May I take your glove, please? What am I holding now, swami? A glove. I've heard of this act. The clue is in the words she uses to the swami. We'll soon see. The swami must not hear us. Something from your pocket, please? All right, we'll make this a tough one. Try this paper clip. What am I holding now, swami? A... A paper clip. [CROWD APPLAUDS] What is in your pocket? She used the same words. Is it a trick, or can that swami really read minds? It's very simple, Lois, actually. The swami has a pair of earphones under his turban. And she has a little microphone hidden in her corsage. But the wires? There aren't any wires. It's a miniature walkie-talkie setup. She whispers, he overhears the conversation, identifies the object. How on earth did you know about that? Well, uh, what other explanation could there possibly be? Watch. I'll take the house key. What am I holding now, swami? Uh... I think a, uh... A house key? [APPLAUSE] See? Well, maybe you're just making a good guess. Maybe Superman made a bad one about that Put-N-Take top. How did you know about that? I didn't tell you. Well, um, I guess Jimmy must have told me. Anyway, this place doesn't seem very sinister. Right. If the Phantom came here, he probably just wanted to see the show. Mm-hm. Let's get back to the office. [APPLAUSE] [JAZZ MUSIC STARTS PLAYING] Quick, baby, the wax. Give it to me. Take it easy, Monk. When I get a good impression of a house key, I don't want it ruined. Sticky stuff. You got the address of the owner of the key? I got it as soon as they stepped out of their car. Registration card was in the glove compartment, as usual. There. See you later. Keep your eye on the road, Duke. Don't expect me to make a key when you drive like that. [BLOWS] Ha. Our invitation just arrived. This Phantom Burglar setup's the sweetest racket in Metropolis. And even Superman can't figure it out. WHITE: "Phantom Burglar strikes twice. "Eludes reporters on first haul. Twenty thousand dollars on second." And without your interference, the police would probably have caught him! But ch... Don't "chief" me! Please, chief, Miss Lane and me, we were just... No, Jimmy, we did the wrong thing. We've got to listen to Mr. White's advice. But you just told me... We did interfere, Jim. We're sorry, chief. All right. And from now on, lay off that Phantom Burglar story. I don't want you two idiots getting shot. And that's an order! Of course, chief. But, I... I don't get it! You told me th... [SIGHS] Did you or did you not tie in the man who gave the girl the key at the nightclub as being the same man whose home was robbed? Of course I did. But I didn't want you to tell the chief about it. But why? You heard him. "Lay off the Phantom story." You think he'd let us follow through on this lead? Oh, gee. I get it. Besides, I've found out that the other victims of our masked friend also had their keys identified by the swami. Well, then let's tell Inspector Henderson, so we can get in on the arrest. Oh, wait a minute, Jimmy. The, uh, swami and the girl are merely cover-ups. They get the keys, that's all. The police want the important link in the operation, the Phantom. And we've got to unmask him. And I think I have an idea how it can be done. Well, I'm glad somebody has an idea around here. I'm a blank. How good is your Spanish, Jim? My wha... My Spanish? Muchas gracias. Enchilada. Por favor. Habañera. Sí, sí. Hello, chiquita. I-I've been eating in a Spanish restaurant! That's wonderful. Sit down. Well... welcome to our city, Señor Alvarez! Who? Me? I'll admit, it's not too good a job. But at least it gives me enough of an idea to know it'll work. "Don Alvarez Ortega, son of the celebrated "Argentinean millionaire, arrived in Metropolis today "with a huge collection of emeralds "that he is offering for sale. "Don Alvarez, who is staying at the West Standish Hotel, will make a tour of the nightclubs of the city." Don't say I never gave you any publicity, Jimmy. This mustache tickles. If it tickles, laugh. [LAUGHS SARCASTICALLY] [SENSUAL TANGO PLAYING] Ah, Don Alvarez! [SPEAKING IN SPANISH] Sí! Si! Uh, you simply must help us, señorita. Uh, Don Alvarez insists on improving his vocabulary. He begs we speak nothing but English. And how. Oh, how charming. Oh, but the slang always is learned first, si? Si, si. Oh, there is one favor I beg of you. A tango. Oh, I must do with you a tango. A tango? Si. Oh, Don Alvarez! Oh, you are a wonderful dancer. I am? Oh! [APPLAUSE] Oh, thank you, señor, for a most delightful dance. My pleasure, señorita. And now, if you will excuse me, it is time for our show. We're looking forward so much to your performance. Uh, so am I. And what's more, you shall be the first to be mystified. Gracias. [EXHALES] And now, ladies and gentlemen, the renowned swami Amada and his supernatural perception. [CROWD APPLAUDS, HEROIC MUSIC PLAYS] And, as a great honor, we have a special visitor this evening: Don Alvarez Ortega! [CROWD APPLAUDS] Oh, that's enough. Now, what is in your pocket, señor? This hotel key will do... perfectly. What am I holding, swami? A... hotel key. [CROWD APPLAUDS] Hi. Hi. Seen Lois Lane and Jimmy's gag, Mr. Kent? What gag? Well, the South American playboy deal. [CHUCKLES] Jimmy will never live it down. She said they wanted to rib somebody. Hm. Oh... [SNAPS] almost forgot. Uh, there's a call for Miss Lane that the operator is holding. I told her that you might wanna take it. Thanks, Doug. Hello? Will you switch Miss Lane's call in here, please. This is Clark Kent speaking. Well, of course, Mr. Grover, I remember you. Yes, your home was the second one to be robbed by the Phantom, right? Mm-hm. Miss Lane asked you to do what? Oh, they did identify your key at the Tip-Top Club? And the same night that you were robbed? Uh-huh. Well, I'll tell Miss Lane. Thank you, Mr. Grover. Bye. Doug, uh, have you any idea where I can find Lois or Jimmy? Uh, all I know is they were dressed like in the movies. Said they were gonna hit the high spots, or something. [SNAPS] Tip-Top Club. Thank you, Doug. Nice work, Laura. Monk is on his way to the kid's hotel. He'll need time. I'll go out and keep the chump here till Monk finishes the job. Hm. This wax sure ruins these expensive hankies. Now for the hotel, unless you care to tango again. Tango? Oh, no. Come on. Let's get out of here. [SLOW TANGO PLAYING] They're gone. Wha...? Our South American pigeon has flown the coop. Well, if he gets back to the hotel while Monk is still there... We must prevent such an embarrassing moment. Hurry. Well, pretty nice place, Señor Alvarez. Golly, Miss Lane, will you quit that "señor" stuff? I'm beginning to get nervous. What about? He shot at us the last time. What happens when he comes here tonight? If he comes here? Glad you reminded me. [SIGHS] Here. A gun. What's that for? The Phantom. When he shows, you hold the gun on him while I call the police. Simple. Yeah, "simple." Turn off the lights. And relax. Yeah, "relax." [PARKING BRAKE CLICKS] [SENSUAL TANGO PLAYING] Stop pointing that thing at me. It makes me nervous. It makes you nervous? Shh! [FOOTSTEPS] [LOCK BEING PICKED] Okay, bud, drop the gun and reach. [BANGS] We got him. We got the Phantom, Miss Lane. Okay. Get down there. Face the wall... and keep your hands up. Miss Lane, you phone the police. Sure, Jimmy. I wouldn't, young lady. Take his gun, Monk. Foolish, foolish people. Such a useless way to get into trouble. And I was looking forward so much to our tango, Jimmy. Okay. So I'm no South American. But you're no fortuneteller. Nobody has to be a fortuneteller to tell you what will happen to you now. You have an idea, Monk? Yeah. Another newspaper story. "Argentinean millionaire and Metropolis girlfriend keep suicide pact and leap from balcony." You... You're bluffing. I don't think so, Miss Lane. Smart kid. Take the swami's gun. Swami, the girl. [TIRES SCREECH] [♪♪♪] Shoot, Laura! [GUNSHOTS] Isn't this is going a little far, just to get a story, Miss Lane? Thanks to you, Superman, we've got it. The Phantom won't haunt Metropolis for a long time. Here, I, uh... I don't want this, Miss Lane. Oh, stop worrying about it. It isn't loaded. Oh. Oh, well, that's all right then. It isn't what?! It isn't loaded. Do you think I wanted somebody to get hurt? Oh. [GUNSHOT] Well, I didn't think it was loaded. [♪♪♪] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 