Adventures of Superman: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Adventures of Superman 
 s2e5 - Shot in the Dark - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Adventures of Superman (1952–1958): Season 2, Episode 5 - Shot in the Dark - full transcript 
 A frantic woman named Harriet Hopper (Vera Marshe) bursts into the offices of the "Daily Planet" demanding to speak to Superman--and makes a beeline to the office of Clark Kent (George Reeves! How has Harriet managed to tumble to Clark's secret identity? Well, it seems that her nephew Alan (played by Billy Gray of Father Knows Best fame) is a camera bug, and has managed to snap an infra-red photo of Clark changing into his Superman outfit. Though Kent manages to alibi his way out of this sticky situation, young Alan is not yet out of the woods: He has also taken a picture of a dangerous criminal named Burnside (John Eldredge) faking his own death in order to defraud an insurance company. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [♪♪♪] NARRATOR: Faster than a speeding bullet. More powerful than a locomotive. Able to leap tall buildings at a single bound. MAN 1: Look! Up in the sky! MAN 2: It's a bird! WOMAN: It's a plane! MAN 3: It's Superman! NARRATOR: Yes, it's Superman, strange visitor from another planet who came to Earth with powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men. Superman, who can change the course of mighty rivers, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 bend steel in his bare hands, and who, disguised as Clark Kent, mild-mannered reporter for a great metropolitan newspaper, fights a never-ending battle for truth, justice and the American way. [♪♪♪] OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Oh, I beg your pardon, sir. Oh, my fault entirely, Mr. Kent. I have no business walking through the corridors of my paper getting in the way of employees as they barge out of doors. Well, I just ran out of paper. I wish you would. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Would what? Run out of paper. Especially this one. Have I done something? No, but you were supposed to. Half an hour ago, Superman rescued 10 persons from a burning building. Oh, yes, sir, I know about that. And I know about it too. From the front page of every rival paper in town. Well, at the time, I sort of had my hands full. And your head empty. Listen to me, Kent. The next scatterbrain I catch around here is going to be sorry. Phew. Nobody does anything around here. Nobody. I beg your pardon? What? I said, I beg your pardon. I didn't hear what you said. Oh, it doesn't matter in the least, madam. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm a very busy man. You can't be. You just can't be. No truer words were ever spoken, madam. Good day. But you just can't be. Now, madam, please don't take offense. But do you mind telling me what I can't be? Why, Mr. Kent, of course. Now, that's what I like. Logic. Good, clear-cut, old-fashioned, down-to-earth logic. Well, you don't have to believe me. But, madam, I do believe you. I'm thoroughly convinced I'm not Mr. Kent. A circumstance I count among my greater blessings. But I must see him. I just must see Mr. Kent. Well, now, I'm quite sure that you... He deserves it. Madam, if you'll pardon me a moment, I'll see if I can arrange an interview. Oh, thank you. Thank you! You're very welcome. [CHUCKLES] I hate to tell you this, Jimmy, but this story you wrote is terrible. It is? Mm-hm. Terrible for me, that is. You keep on at this rate, and I'll be out of a job. Well, I hope so. Oh, you do? No, I mean, I don't know... [INTERCOM BUZZES] I know what you mean. Yes. PERRY: Someone to see you, Kent. A lady. Oh, that's nice. Do I know her? No. But it's a rare opportunity. We can't have that. Send her in. No, all fooling aside, I think this is very well-written, Jimmy. [KNOCKING] I'll get it. All right. Thank you, young man. Oh, won't you sit down? Oh, I'm in great trouble! You must help me, Superman! Superman? Are you all right, ma'am? Oh, you must help me, Superman. I'm sorry, but aren't you a little mixed up, Miss...? Harper. Harriet Harper. And I'm certainly not mixed up. I know you're Superman. Well, you may think I am, but I assure you, I'm not. Ahh! The proof of the pudding is in the eating. And I have the pudding... I mean, the proof. You mean you can prove he's Superman? Don't be ridiculous, Jim, you know better than that. Oh, sure. But as long as Miss Harper's taken all the trouble to come up here, don't you think we ought to listen to her explanation? Well, there can't be any explanation. Oh, but there is. I'll show you. There. There? It's such a nice photograph. May I ask just where you got this? From Allen, of course. Allen? But how are you supposed to know that? Allen is my nephew. There's got to be an explanation somehow. That should be interesting. Then you'll come over and talk to Allen about the other picture? Yeah. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Superman. Most definitely, I want to talk to Allen. Since you have an explanation, it won't matter if I come along and hear it. Will it, Mr. Kent? Of course not, Jimmy. I'm always glad to have you along. You know that. Oh, Allen will be so pleased. He's always wanted to meet Superman. That's nice. Ohh. This is Allen's room. Very nice. Allen? Allen, dear. ALLEN: Yes, Aunt Harriet? Oh, you brought him. You brought Superman. There seems to be a difference of opinion there. And this young man is... Jimmy Olsen. Hi, Allen. Hi. What happened in there? Oh, the man broke into the house. Looking for the picture, I guess. Oh. You mean this picture here? No, the other one. Let's talk about this one for a while, if you don't mind. When did you take it, Allen? The other night, behind the Daily Planet building. I take lots of pictures at night, with an infrared bulb. That way, nobody sees the flash. And you got this picture that you think is me turning into Superman? Well, it was awfully dark. I just saw a figure and took a couple of pictures. I didn't know it was you until I developed the shot. Oh, you took a couple of pictures. Yes, sir. Now, about this explanation you were supposed to have, Mr. Kent? Well, it's really very simple, Mr. Olsen. He got a picture of Superman. And about then, I must have come along, and he snapped me in exactly the same spot. But he forgot to wind the film. Gee, then it's just a double exposure. Oh, but jeepers, it's not... After all, it's a lot more likely that he'll get a double exposure than I should be Superman. Oh dear, oh dear. Well, if you're not Superman, then who's to help us? Well, maybe I still ca... Can you smell something burning out there in the hall? Oh. [BLOWS] There wasn't anything burning out there, Mr... My supplies. My supplies. I knew it. I knew there would be more trouble. Nothing to be alarmed by. I smelled something burning. I couldn't tell where it was coming from. It must have been the same man. He couldn't find the picture... So he tried to burn the house down. Well, the way things are going, that sounds perfectly logical to me. Well, I suppose we begin at the beginning. Let me explain, Allen. I don't get things as mixed up as you do. You see, Mr. Kent, Allen took a picture of the man with the tulips. He offered us $1000 before the fire started in the closet. With the tulips? Is everything clear now, Mr. Kent? And I can tell you the ending to the story too. I'm gonna turn out to be Superman. Congratulations. The picture of you and Superman has got nothing to do with it. But three nights ago, I went out with my camera again. I sneaked up on some man standing by a wall. I got the shot, but the man saw me and chased me nearly all the way home. Next day, the very same man came to the door. He wanted to buy the picture and the negative. Offered us $5. And he kept going higher and higher until he got to $1000. He must have thought it was a wonderful picture of himself. I wouldn't sell, because that's the shot I'm gonna enter in the state photography contest. That's the point. You wouldn't sell. So he came back here and ransacked your darkroom. But he didn't get what he was looking for. I'd like to look at this man of yours. Say, that's pretty smart. Who'd ever think to look for something valuable in a wastepaper basket? It's nothing. Just basic psychology. That's what we need around here. Some good old basic psychology. Allen took a lovely picture of me once. Would you like to see it? Oh, oh, thank you. Some other time. Allen, this is a very good picture. But why is it so important to this man? How would he break in here to get it and start a fire? How far would he go to get his picture back? Frankly, I wouldn't want to be the one to find out. That's why we needed Superman. And now, you're not Superman. Oh, dear. Uh, by the way, Allen, did he get the negative of the Superman picture? Yeah, he got that one. Mm-hm. Well, it doesn't matter, I suppose. Oh, can I take this with me? It might turn up something. Okay. I guess it would be safer with you than with me. That's if you're sure to keep it in a wastebasket. I wouldn't dream of keeping it anywhere else. Well... I'll drop back tomorrow and let you know if I find out anything. And remember, "Tomorrow is another day." Yes, ma'am. And the day after too. Yes. Yes, it is. [DOOR CLOSES] LOIS: Oh, Clark? Oh, no. You went out of here pretty fast a while ago, and you come back looking pretty grim. What's up? Nothing important, Lois. Believe me. I'll bet. I can tell when you're up to something, Mr. Kent. Lois, please, I'll explain later. I'll go see if there's any messages. [SIGHS] [♪♪♪] Well. You have a picture I want, Mr. Kent. I liked you better with the tulips. Tulips are my weakness, but not quite as persuasive. The picture, please. You sure you haven't got another picture you'd trade for it? If you are referring to the negatives that I took from the boy's darkroom, I glanced through them hurriedly. The picture I want isn't there. It's here. Well, looks like you have the advantage. You're a sensible man, Mr. Kent. After all, the picture means everything to me, nothing to you. [TRAIN RUMBLING] He's 25 years younger than I am. He just got on the Valley Express, before I could catch him, and he has the picture. That's a half-hour nonstop run. He can't get off for half an hour. Who cares about the schedule? What are we gonna do? I'll tell you what we can do. Suppose the Express is wrecked. A lot of confusion, a lot of people get hurt. So, Bill and me are there to give a helping hand. But we rescue the picture. How can you sure the subway will be wrecked? These things happen, Burt. They happen. Lois, look, I... Looked like a game of follow the leader, so I decided to get into the act. Well, the game is over. I'll see you back at the office. You won't see me back anyplace. You're up to something, and I'm gonna find out what it is. So it could happen anytime within the next half hour. What could happen? Nothing, Lois. Look, will you please let me alone? Uh-uh. Where you go, I go, Mr. Kent. All right. You know what to do. [RINGS BELL] This is better than Casey Jones. Burt? Yeah, like clockwork. Did you ever hear of a local catching up on an express? This one's going to. Yeah, we slugged the motorman, and it's running wild. In about three stations, it'll catch up. And boom! [CHUCKLES] [SIGHS] Haven't much of that half hour left, have you? Look, Lois, don't you have anything else to do besides tag along after me? Not at the moment. Sorry. Lois, do you hear something funny? Why, no. [ALARM SOUNDS] A burglar alarm. That means a story. Okay, Lois. It's your scoop. [♪♪♪] [ROCKS CRASHING] [METAL BENDING] Hello, Lois. Did you get your story on the holdup? Oh, there wasn't a holdup, just a short-circuit in the alarm. But I got something better. Oh? Story of Superman preventing a subway collision. Yes, I... I heard about it. Biggest story of the week. Too bad you missed it. Mm. Hi, Jimmy. Oh, hi, Lois. Where have you been?! Well, It's kind of a weird story, Mr. Kent. I only believe about half of it myself. I see. I see you've still got the picture. Mm-hm. But out of the hundreds of things I don't understand, one is why you were so willing to give it up. Well, really, it's very simple, Jimmy. You see, the man had a gun on me. Besides, I thought it would be better if he take the picture, then I tried to follow him. Mm-hm. Well, all I know is the man in the picture is the same man who has that other picture of you... Or... Or Superman. Uh-huh. Well, I think we'd better go and see Inspector Henderson. Anything you say, Mr. Kent. But I still don't know which picture worries you the most. Well, it isn't important you should. Come on. Mm-hm. I've seen that face somewhere before. If I can only find it in this the mug book. There he is. Mm-hm. That's it. Burt Burnside. Alias, The Tulip. You seem to know all about him. Sure, I know all about him. He's dead. Hm? Then he's got an awfully healthy ghost. He's right. We've both seen him. Maybe you two better take a vacation. As far as I'm concerned, he's dead. This picture could've been taken five years ago. Mm-mm. No, Bill, not this one. Look. See this playbill behind there, advertising Molly and Me? Mm-hm. Well, this is a brand new play. Just opened in Metropolis two weeks ago for the first time. Well, If that's his picture, he's still alive. What can you tell me about him? I mean, before all this. Well, he used to be a pretty good con man. Mostly in the insurance game. I don't think I like his policy. Looks like he's still at it, too. He was insured for $50,000, payable to his two partners. And they both collected? Sure. Body turns up beside Highway 12. Burt's body. "Hit and run," the coroner says. Mm, double indemnity. Two times 50, $100,000. The company pays off. And the guy isn't even dead. But somebody else is, Jim. That body by the roadside wasn't any department store dummy. What are you gonna do, Bill? I'm gonna put out an "all points" on those three characters. No. Let me handle this. I can't do it, Kent. Those men are killers. Just give me 24 hours. I've never let you down before, have I? I'll give you half of that. But be careful. Thanks. It shouldn't take a man like Mr. Kent even that long. Come along, junior. My story, and you have to butcher it. I'm just adding one little paragraph, Lois. I know Burt and his pals will read every account of the subway collision. Near collision. Thanks to Superman. There. How's it sound, Jimmy? "One of the lucky passengers on the Express "was James Olsen of this paper. "He was on his way to deliver a photograph to a group "of contest editors in the valley, "said Mr. Olsen. "'After what happened, I decided to mail the picture. Let Uncle Sam deliver it in the morning.'" So that's what I said. Looks like. Think it'll do the trick? Oh, sure. Except I'm not quite sure what the trick is. Now, my story, please, if you don't mind. Unless you'd like to rewrite the whole thing. Well... Well, what do we do now? Nothing. The next move is up to them, Jimmy. I hope. You read this? Certainly. Looks like we gotta get up at dawn in front of the main post office and hold up the early truck to the valley. You get up. I sleep late. Sometimes I wonder why I do this for you. Look at all I've done for you. I died for you. Look. Let's face it, this is a three-man job. We all gotta go. Well... maybe you're right. [♪♪♪] Here he comes. Hey, what's the big idea here? [ENGINE STARTS] Fool, why did you plug him? He saw us, didn't he? [♪♪♪] Who'd ever think I'd end up driving the United States mail? And you don't look enough like a mail driver to get by. Better get going to the hideout, fast. [ENGINE RUMBLING] You were supposed to get your hands on the picture, not the entire Post Office Department. Quit your beefing. We wasn't gonna sort this stuff out in broad daylight. It's gotta be in one of these sacks. Old newspapers. Uh, the Daily Planet. I regret to say this, gentlemen, but I'm afraid that we've met our match. I done all I could, Burt. But from now on, you're no good to us. Let's get out of here, Bill. You forgot your truck. [CRASH] We're expecting you, Superman. Expecting me? Of course. First, am I right in assuming that Hank and Bill got only a few feet away? That's right. And second, am I right in assuming that the police are on their way here? Right again. And thirdly, that you wanted to have a little talk with me? Now, how did you guess that? Come now. I'm a con man. I know a game when I see one. Then perhaps you'd better tell me what this game is. It's a game called Let's Make a Deal. If you know anything about me at all, you know I don't make deals. There's always a first time. Now, If you promise to get me away from here safely before the police arrive, I'll tell you where the picture is. The picture that proves that you and Clark Kent are actually one and the same person. As I understand it, Clark Kent has already explained that was just a double exposure. I'm not that gullible. SUPERMAN: Well, assuming that I refuse this deal of yours... BURT: Then I'll have the pleasure of revealing your true identity. Here they come. You can still get me safely away. Sorry. You're on your own now. [CAR TIRES SCREECHING] Okay, Burt... school's out. Well, come in, gentlemen. I... I was just leaving, but, uh, since I have company... I see you've branched out, Burt, into the truck-stealing business... and murder. Oh, murder, inspector? Maybe you can prove that the body that my partners collected insurance on was not mine. But that's fraud, not murder. When the police crime lab establishes that your car was the death weapon, that's murder, Burt, not just fraud. I thought I was gonna be late for this party. Looks like I have plenty of time. Your little act doesn't fool me, Mr. Kent. I told you what I was going to do. Gentlemen, as a final gesture, I intend to prove that Clark Kent is actually Superman. This, I'd like to see. So would I. What are you saying, Burt? Now, if Mr. Kent would kindly step back against the wall. Anything to oblige. You don't mind if I smoke while I explain? No, go ahead. Thank you. Careless of me. [GUNSHOT] Mr. Kent! It's all right, Jimmy. But he couldn't have missed you. He fired point blank. Proves my point. Kent should be lying there dead. There's the spent bullet. Ask him why it didn't go through him. HENDERSON: Can you explain it, Kent? Why, yes, inspector. As a matter of fact, I think I can. Fortunately, I happened to have a lucky silver dollar in my pocket. And this stopped the bullet? Yes, Jimmy. Oh. This must be your lucky day. Shows how stupid a crook can be. Imagine him thinking you could be Superman. [LAUGHTER] Well, now, just a minute. It isn't that funny. Oh, don't worry, Mr. Kent. We think you're all right just like you are. Thanks, Jimmy. [♪♪♪] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 