The Plot Against America: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Plot Against America 
 s1e6 - Part 6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Plot Against America (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Part 6 - full transcript 
 As riots and conspiracies spread across the country in the lead up to election day, Herman takes measures to keep his family safe; Bess does all she can at a great distance to help a small child caught in a maelstrom of anti-Semitism. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 The Levin family has been selected to be participants in a new program, Homestead 42. -Where are we moving to? -Danville, Kentucky. Please, don't do this. What is happening here is for your own good. - I don't wanna go. - Who sent you here, Philip? Can't Seldon and his brother go instead of us? In today's mail. Why bother with me at all? Why didn't we go to Kentucky? This is our home. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You assholes can't leave a guy alone for a minute, can you? Rabbi, can you spare just a moment? Well, what's the matter? There have been complaints about your political involvement. Want me to run and hide, Bess? This is my country! It is Lindbergh's. It is the America Firsters'. It's their country. Shit, Levin. I remember when one of those used to break ya. Why don't you try three? Mama didn't raise no fools. See, what you don't understand, Anthony, is that I come from a long line of Third Ward roughnecks. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Jews? Come on, Herman. No fucking way! You're talking to a Sicilian here, for Christ's sakes. Yeah, what were your people doing when mine were building the pyramids? Stealin' chickens in Palermo. We leave this broadcast of Let's Dance with Harry James and His Orchestra to bring you a special bulletin from Detroit, Michigan, where a political rally featuring Democratic presidential candidate Walter Winchell, has resulted in rioting and injuries. With Winchell himself attacked and beaten by demonstrators, according to reporters at the scene. The former reporter and radio personality was rushed by ambulance to Providence Hospital. Detroit police officials say the disturbances are contained within the area of the candidate's campaign rally... They beat him down. Like he wasn't askin' for it. Come on, Monty. We now return to... Fascist animals. I'll tell you one thing. That Winchell's got balls on him. He don't quit. Everywhere he goes, they're waitin' for him. In Boston, they tried to set him on fire. You're gonna take truck number four tonight. You're gonna drive all the way up past Newburgh and make pickups at three separate farms. I'm good, I'm good, I'm good! One, two, three, and... And hey! Hey! Hey! Now, fish tails. The thing I showed you. C'mon. Bop, bop, higher... You're lucky you don't topple. Yeah, says you with your two legs. You should have seen Alvin back in the day. He could move. Am I paying for this floor show? I got plans here for your restaurant. Come give a look. Philip, is that you? For your new collection. Canada. From Mr. Tirschwell and his wife. Up in Winnipeg. Don't go too far. Sbrigatevi, Joseph. Hey, paisan. No, no, no, no, no, no. Not in New York. Newark! It's in Jersey, but it's a different city. Jesus Christ, how many times did you repeat the fifth grade? Fucking hell. -Billy Murphy. -Alvin. How the hell d'you find me? - I asked around. - Oh yeah? Asked who? What the hell you doin' in Philadelphia? Ah, listen, sweetie. This is a buddy from my old unit. You know-- You know, from the war. -Oh yeah? -Yeah, absolutely, so seeing as he's come all the way to find me, how 'bout we just pick this up tomorrow? Just like that? I told you. This is a friend. Now, who the fuck told you how to find me, Billy? And why? ...violence at the political rally and then spreading to predominantly Jewish sanctions of Detroit, where shops were looted and windows shattered by rioting mobs. At least three Jewish synagogues are said to be afire, and several hundred of the city's Jewish residents have crossed the bridge into Windsor, Canada, seeking refuge there, according to authorities. This just in to our Columbia Broadcasting news bureau: anti-Jewish disturbances are now being reported by authorities in both Cleveland and Indianapolis. And in Scranton, Pennsylvania, state police have requested... All right, come on. We gotta go. We gotta finish loading up. You're contracted for these. I'm going home now. We'll be back. - When? - Where's everyone going? ...where a group of young men clashed with members leaving an event. In the street fight that lasted nearly an hour... You know, they told me to find you, and they, uh... They told me why. I told them to forget it. I won't lie to you, Alvin. I told them I didn't think you were up to it. I told them how you folded up in Norway. -How you broke. -Yeah, I fucked up. I couldn't take that screaming Kraut. I know. Yeah, Hairston and Riggs got shot trying to get you out of there. Hairston bought it. Riggs... still shittin' in a bag. You didn't know. No, I was-- I was out of my head. I... Yeah. Yeah... Well... Maybe I wasn't cut out for soldiering. Not that kind of soldierin' anyway. Maybe not. Come on. Huh? What? Fuck. So, where do we go? They're gonna give you one last chance. To do what? Lose another limb? You low son of a bitch. My job is done here. They think you can still matter. See ya around. I thought you were FBI. Oh, heavens no. Do you really think I'd dress as badly as all that? I'm glad we found you, Corporal Levin. ...took place outside a Jewish house of worship earlier this evening. Authorities in Baltimore are also investigating the burning of a Jewish Religious Academy, believed to be tied to the communist front. Several boys, as young as ten years old, are being transported to Johns Hopkins Hospital. Meanwhile, Buffalo police believe that last night's explosion injuring 70 people at a Polish... What's with you guys? ...was due to a gas leak in the basement... Keepin' an eye on things. -You with Longy? -Yeah. ...secret communist bomb factory are proliferating amid continuing denial from officials... Go ahead, take the truck. - You sure? - Yeah. The Alipore, carrying chrome ore and olive oil, was torpedoed by a German U-boat... Who are they? Dukie Glick... and some other knucklehead I don't recognize. Who is Dukie Glick? He's Billy Glick's kid brother. I know Billy from the Third Ward. Absolute morons, both of them. They work for Longy Zwillman. -Longy Zwillman, the gangster? -Yeah. He put his guys out on the streets in Jewish neighborhoods... in case any of the rioting spreads to Newark. They're there to protect us? Yeah, they think so anyway. Can't believe how fast it's spread to other cities. The hate is there. Just like dry leaves waiting on a spark. Well... Like or not, Lindbergh is teaching us what it means to be Jews. We only think we're Americans. No... They think we only think we're Americans. They think with... one more push, one more shove... that we'll break... and run to Canada... or let them dump us in Kentucky or wherever. But it's not up for discussion, Bess. They can call us "others." They're the others. Lindbergh is the other. The man is unfit. He should not be the president. It's as simple as that. Which is why a forceful statement from your husband right now would be of such benefit to my people. It would, in effect, distance American Jews from Winchell's rhetoric and hold us harmless to his offenses. I take your point. Clearly, the violence being directed in Detroit and elsewhere is no way condoned by this administration. A strong public statement right now. I will take this up with the president. I assure you both. Mrs. Bengelsdorf, we must have that lunch once things calm down, perhaps after the Congressional elections. That would be lovely. Rabbi. Thank you for your candor. In these days, with everything so fraught for the Jewish community, I have come to greatly value your honesty and insight. And in fact... to the extent I can rely on you to serve as my spokesperson in these matters, I would be relieved. Of course. Why the fuck did I have to come all the way out here to meet you? We wanted to see if you were followed. No one follows anyone north of Girard Ave, for Christ's Sakes. So, who is everybody? We have names you don't need to know. I'm askin'. Is everybody British? -Or Canadian. -Or not. You think you're only mug who can't stand to see this country go to hell, Levin? It went to hell. It's there. Well, the question seems to be whether you're still willing to act on that. What good will it do? Even if you pull it off, you still end up with Wheeler. He's no better than Lindbergh. He might even be worse. Wheeler can be beaten in '44. Lindbergh and that little airplane of his flying from airport to airport talkin' peace and prosperity, -no chance. -But why me? You have a certain skill set, as I told you. Me and a thousand other guys. The border's closed to us. It's porous. You can see I'm here after all. But every additional man we try to bring in adds to the risk. And as you will note, there are still enough of your countrymen who understand enough about fascism to take this on. I was in the War Department. Roosevelt's War Department. Logistics. G4. Just a paper pusher trying like hell to get guns and ships and planes to England where they might matter. Now, I have a pension. Good for you. Then again, Levin, you have an empire in pinball and slot machines. The world and its problems must seem so unimportant at this point. Mouthy fellow didn't get three words out. Where did it happen? Kentucky. Louisville, I think. Blew the back of his head off. What happened? Winchell. They shot him. He's dead? Shot? The way he kept goin' at Lindy, it was only a matter of time. And I heard the campaign was all for show, just to revive his radio career. I mean, a man has a right to make a living, but no one asked Winchell to be the spokesperson for lotion, let alone... Sandy? Philip? -Walter Winchell, he-- -I heard. Where's your brother? -I don't know. -Get me the map. Get the map of the United States. Find Kentucky. Find the city of Danville for me. Operator.  -Operator, I want to make a long distance person-to-person call. - City? - To Danville, Kentucky. To Mrs. Selma Wishnow. And operator, when my three minutes are up, don't forget to tell me. Yes, ma'am. Please hold. Kentucky. Find Danville. It's ringing. - Right there. Danville. - Hello. This is long distance. I have a person-to-person call -for Mrs. Selma Wistful. -You want to measure how far between-- - Look on the key, down here. - Is Mrs. Wistful available? No, Wishnow. Selma Wishnow. Who's that talking? Young lady, is your mother home? I'm a boy. Operator, I will speak with anyone. Please, put me through. - Good ahead, sir. - Who is this? -Seldon, this is Mrs. Levin. -Mrs. Levin! -Yes, -You're in Newark, Mrs. Levin? I'm calling to speak with your mother, is she there? I'm waiting for her to come home from work. -Philip. -She has to work late sometimes. I just sit here. Sometimes, I have a snack and then she comes home. Miss Adams, I can't emphasize enough the urgency involved. Now that this has happened in Louisville, the need to reassure the Jewish community throughout this country, it's paramount. Thank you. Yes, I will... wait on the First Lady's call in the morning. Thank you again. She must talk to the president. So, you're on Summit Avenue? -I told you we were, yes. -It's really clear, isn't it? It sounds like you're just down the block. -I wish you could come over and have a snack with me. -Philip. -Tell Seldon you miss him. -I don't have any friends at school... -Just tell him. -...and I have no one to play chess with. I've been practicing my opening move. -You remember my opening move? -Seldon. Yes? -I miss you. -I miss you too. I wish you were here. Seldon, this is Mrs. Levin again. I need you to write something down. Can you do that? Okay. I want you to write down that Mrs. Levin called because of what happened in Louisville, -to see if things are okay. -What happened in Louisville? Seldon, just eat your snack and tell your mother -that I called, okay? -I've had enough Fig Newtons. All right. Seldon, but you'll remember to give her the note that I called. If you eat too many, you feel sick. Seldon. This is a very expensive phone call, and I am going to have to hang up now. But I need you to promise me that you are going to give your mother the note that I called and tell her to call me back. I promise. Okay, thank you. Goodbye. Mrs. Levin. Is Philip going to visit me? It's my birthday next week and I don't have any friends here. Your three minutes are up, ma'am. - Seldon. This is a hard time for everyone. But... Just tell your mother that I called and good-- goodbye, okay. Goodbye. Goodbye. Okay, keep it straight. All right, keep coming. You got room. That's good, that's good. Come on. Pulse navigation, as per your training. Like I said. I work logistics. As anti-Jewish violence, in the wake of Winchell's murder in Kentucky, - has spread to at least nine other US cities... ...as predominantly Jewish neighborhoods have been targeted. Synagogues and Jewish-owned businesses have been damaged or looted, and 46 deaths are blamed on disturbances nationwide. In East St. Louis, rioting spread to predominantly Negro neighborhoods, and three lynching's are reported to have occurred. The newly formed Congress of Racial Equality... ...is urging Negroes everywhere to stay home from work... Bess. - Hey, paisan. - Come in. Please. For you. Uh... It's very nice of you, Mr. Cucuzza, but... I really don't know how to shoot. Well, you pull the trig. You aim and you shoot. - You aim and you shoot, that's it. I don't need it. But if they come around, how you gon' protect, huh? Interrupting with a special bulletin of an announcement by New York mayor Fiorello La Guardia, that by his order, and under the protection of the New York City Police Department, the body of slain radio personality and presidential candidate Walter Winchell will be taken overnight by train from Louisville to Pennsylvania Station in Manhattan, and will then lie in state at the great hall of the train station throughout the morning. Then, a funeral will be held at the city's largest synagogue, Temple Emanu-El. Announced speakers at the service will include the former President of the United States, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, New York City Major, Fiorello LaGuardia... Sandy. Are you sure? It'll be safe. Trust me. Forgive me, but I trust La Guardia. We're not going to the funeral? We tried, but... God, this crowd. 'Scuse me. Let's see if we can get a little closer. Philip, come on. Come on. Walter lacked every gleaming virtue demonstrated daily by the incorruptible test pilot... I think this is about as close as we're gonna get. -But there are several more differences... -Hold this. Come here. - ...between the fallible Walter and infallible Lindy. All right. Our president is a fascist sympathizer. That's Mayor La Guardia. They call him the "Little Flower." Walter Winchell was the enemy of the fascist. Our president is no lover of Jews, and more than likely, a dyed-in-the-wool anti-Semite, while Winchell was a Jew and the unwavering enemy of the anti-Semite. And for speaking his mind in the state of Kentucky, Walter Winchell was assassinated by fascists, who, thanks to the silence of our strong, silent, selfless president, today, run rampant through this great land. It can't happen here? No, it is happening here. - And where, I ask you, is Lindbergh? Where is Lindbergh? Where is Lindbergh? Where is Lindbergh? Where is Lindbergh? Where is Lindbergh? Where is Lindbergh? Where is Lindbergh? With, uh... regards to the question asked so cynically by New York's Mayor LaGuardia, I have here a prepared statement by First Lady Anne Marrow Lindbergh that she wishes for me to read at this time. "Fellow Americans, concerned at the civil disturbances that followed Mr. Winchell's speaking engagements, and further grieved that the violence spurred by those events has claimed the life of Mr. Winchell himself, my husband, early this morning, took off from Long Island's Roosevelt Field to fly to the municipal airport in Louisville, the scene of this tragedy, to directly address the nation, and to do all that he can to bring those disturbances to an end." And may I only add, that as a rabbi and a representative of the Jewish faith... I have every confidence that this president will do all within his power to prevent any further harm from coming to the citizenry. Thank you. Rabbi, is there any statement yet from the president? Go straight through to the back. About 100 miles ahead of us. Logistics, Corporal Levin. Logistics. - Rabbi. - Who's that? Wait, wait. It's my nephew. Oh. Sandy. Why is this happening? I-- I can't answer that question. I thought that Lindbergh would be good for everyone, for the Jews, for everybody-- The riots are not because of Lindbergh. If anything, this was Winchell provoking people. And they killed Winchell. As wrong as that was, wasn't it enough for them? Do they have to smash windows and kill Jews who aren't Winchell, who don't have anything to do with Winchell? Sandy, Lindbergh flew out there today to make them stop the riots. He had nothing to do with Winchell being killed. He wouldn't want that. I believe he is a good man. Evelyn, Sandy, the president is on the radio from Louisville. ...of Louisville and all of America. We are grateful for your attention to this traumatic moment in our city. Thank you, Mr. Mayor. And thank all of you for coming out to the airfield today to greet me. Well, to answer a question that was asked, here I am. And I just would like to make the following very clear: our country is at peace. Our people are at work. Our children are at school. I flew down here to remind each and every one of you of this, and now, I'm going back to Washington, so as to keep things that way. Thank you. Well, that was, uh... Brief. Yes, I... confess, it was. You realize the range on this thing can't be more than 100 miles in either direction, -and if he flies on any vector outside of that-- -That's not your concern. Your concern is this post. Aught-four. Right. Go ahead. Affirmative. Will do. We're done. Huh? What? What do you mean? We're through here. Aw, shit. At least we tried. You have the Chevy. Your route is above the visor. -Change of cars waiting for you just over the Pennsylvania line. -Yeah. Let's pack it up. Come on! Let's go, shut it down! Yes, sir. All right, you, you're coming with me. All right, I wanna be outta here in five minutes, fellas. F... Oh, fuck. State authorities have dispatched police launches up and down the Maryland and Delaware shores. Additional groups continue to search beyond the flight path as there continues to be no concrete information of where the president was headed. And new theories from London. Just as the German government is claiming that a combined Jewish-British conspiracy used Canadian based airplanes to force down the Spirit -and kidnap the president... -Ridiculous. -They'll believe anything now. -News now in from our Washington bureau. -They'll do anything now. -...Canada's suspected involvement in the President's disappearance in a decision to close the northern border. Acting President Wheeler is declaring martial law and enacting a national curfew... Hello? I have a collect call from a Seldon Wishnut in Danville, Kentucky. Hello! Will you accept the charges? - I will, operator. - Mrs. Levin? Go ahead with your party. Is that you? Hello? Mrs. Levin! My mother's not home. I haven't eaten. She's not home, and it's late, and she wouldn't not come home for dinner. Seldon, uh... where did she go? To the office in Louisville. Her boss called... but she said she would be back for dinner... if she were alive. Seldon. That's enough of that. You're making yourself hysterical. Of course, your mother is alive. Sh-- She's just late coming home. But if she were, why wouldn't she call? -She always calls. -Seldon, please, calm down. - What if something happened to her car, and she had to pull over to get it fixed. This is-- It-- It's probably nothing more than a flat tire. Please. Please. Please, please you're-- Please, stop crying. She's dead, Mrs. Levin. Just like my father. Now both my parents are dead. Seldon. You must stop. Seldon, you must listen to me. You must take something to eat. That will help you calm down. Please, just go-- go to the refrigerator -and get something to eat. -I ate the Fig Newtons. There's none left. Seldon. I'm talking about eating a meal. Your mother will be home very soon. But meanwhile, you can't sit there, waiting for her to feed you. Put the phone down. Go to the refrigerator, take a look, then come back and tell me what you have. Okay? Okay. I don't see any dinner for me. Are there Rice Krispies? Are there Corn Flakes? Is there milk? Sure. Get whichever cereal you like best. We'll pretend it's breakfast. I like Rice Krispies. Seldon, get the Rice Krispies. Take out the milk, take out the juice. I want you to make breakfast. Now? Do as I say, please. Do as I say. I want you to eat breakfast. But... I'm going to hang up so you can do that. Is... Is there a clock near you, Seldon? Yes, I see a clock on the wall. It should say that it is ten minutes after ten o'clock, and I will call you back at 10:30, Seldon. If your mother comes home before then, she should call me. But if she doesn't, I'm going to call you back at 10:30. Okay? -Okay. -Okay. Bye for now, Seldon. Bye for now. Again, again, the First Lady is counseling all of our countrymen to ignore all unverifiable hypotheses about her husband's disappearance emanating from foreign capitals. And she reminds the public that in 1926 as an airmail pilot, the president twice survived crashes that demolished his aircraft. And in this moment, the First Lady remains unconvinced by the evidence of any conspiracy, Jewish or otherwise, presented by the vice president in his justification for martial law. Why can't the First Lady speak for herself, rabbi? Any truth to rumors Mrs. Lindbergh is too distraught to make her own decisions and you are the one acting for her? The First Lady is wholly competent intellectually and in complete possession of all her faculties, And despite the magnitude of this situation, neither her reason nor her judgment is in any way impaired. -Is the First Lady even talking to the vice president? -Excuse me. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold it right there. Don't you know there's a curfew? I heard. Officer, I live down that block, right there. Go home. Thank you. Central to car eight. Car eight, ten-nineteen. Central to car eight. Car eight, ten-nineteen. My mother's dead, Mrs. Levin. I know my mother is dead. My father is dead, and now my mother, too. No, Seldon, you don't know that. We don't know anything. She would've called me. She would've. She never doesn't call. Sandy. How far from the Mawhinney farm is Danville? Twenty minutes. I come up when I hear the shot. Thank you. Yeah, sure. They say there's a grocery burned and looted over in Union City. Who got shot? It's Longy Zwillman's guys. At least two that I saw. Dead on the ground. Listen to me, Seldon. It's late, and what I need you to do tonight is get into your pajamas, brush your teeth, and put yourself to bed. But I promise you, someone will be coming to help you. Either tonight, or if you fall asleep, when you wake in the morning. Hey. How are you? Someone will be there to help you. Either your mother will be there or someone to help you get to your mother. I promise. Seldon, do you understand? Yes. I promise you, Seldon, someone will be coming to you. Now, can you go to bed by yourself? - Yes. - Okay. If you need me, just call. I'll be right here all night. -But someone is coming. -Okay. Good night, Seldon. I'll talk to you in the morning, I promise. Good night. Good night. You were right, Bess. Shepsie was right. We should be in Canada now. I can't live here any longer not knowing what will happen tomorrow. You were right, Bess. We need to go. They've closed the borders. Martial law, they wanna war with Canada. There has got to be a way to get out. We have to get out. -Now. -We can't. Selma is gone. I think she's dead. Bess. We need to go. Seldon is our responsibility. Even if he wasn't, he is now. But he is our responsibility. Danville was no coincidence. Sanford, I don't like you going with him. But you know the Mawhinney's, and you know these places, and your father will need help with Seldon on the long trip home. I am relying on you. Hey, paisan. Fascists did it? Polizia. The cops. The police killed him? Yeah, to say to Longy, "You no put your gun on the street, only we can. We the big gang here, not you." Hey, Tommy, wait. No. You. Secretary of the Interior Henry Ford, this evening, remarked to reporters that it was his belief that Mrs. Lindbergh was under the sway of what he called "a Jewish Rasputin," a reference to the Russian peasant monk said to held sway over the minds of the Russian czar and his wife in the years before the Bolshevik Revolution. Secretary Ford called the presence of Rabbi Bengelsdorf around the First Lady... -My god... -...a, quote, "prime example of undue Jewish influence in our public affairs at a time of national..." Pittsburgh is burning. - They're turning us away from the bridge. Looks like they're keeping us on this side of the river. What do you think? Route 28 will work. We'll turn at Millville, stay north of Pittsburgh, and cross after. Okay. Keep it moving, keep it moving. All traffic this way. Keep it coming. Head east please. Head east. All traffic to the right. What the hell? FBI, get up. Get up, rabbi. Get dressed. Lionel Bengelsdorf, you're being detained by the Department of Justice on suspicion of being a ringleader of a plot against the government of the United States. -My god. -This is ridiculous. Get dressed or you're going in your pajamas, rabbi. I demand to speak to the First Lady. I'll bet you do. But Mrs. Lindbergh is at Walter Reed, having suffered a severe breakdown. She's in no condition to speak to anyone. You gonna dress? I will. We'll wait outside. Five minutes. We'll be right out here. Evelyn, m-- my-- my glasses. I want a warrant for the room. If they've hired a car, I want a warrant for the car. Orin. - City mouse. - Country mouse. Welcome back. Sorry 'bout the lady... but it's good to see ya. - Yeah. - Hey. -Thank you for all of this. -Of course. Boy's up at the house. How is he? Quiet as hell. Boy don't know about his ma. I left that for y'all to tell him. What about her? Dead. Klan got her coming back from Lexington. Burnt her up in her car. You'll see it if you go back 35. Yup. Bad business. Come on. Let's get some food in ya'll for the ride back. Come now. - Where are you now? - Bess? -Evelyn. -They've arrested him. They're gonna come back for me, - I-- I know it. - Please, please help me. Why don't you call von Ribbentrop? Seldon, let's play a game. -Okay. -First of all, I want you to look down at your shoes and your socks. Close your eyes. Now what color were your socks? -White. -Good. Now, what color were your shoelaces? Brown. - How do you win this game? Memory and concentration. -It's like chess. -Okay. You're really good at this. -I can't hold it much longer. -He'll be out in a minute, son. All yours, kid. Like I said, Tom. That store went up like kindling. Good thing you didn't burn down Patsy's hardware right along with it. You ain't kiddin'. Took a beating just fine. You have a good night, Sam. - Seldon. - What? - Please hurry up. - Okay. Night, Tom. Hey. Come on. Come on! Seldon, now. Come on. -Dad. Dad, did you-- -Come on. Get in the car. Get in the car, get in the car now. Come on. Come on, Seldon. Jump in the backseat there, watch your fingers. Okay. All right, here we go. Okay, it's all right. It's all right. All right, steer wide. Just go wide. It's all right. It's okay. Who is it? Philip. Philip, it's Evelyn. It's your Aunt Evelyn. Please open the door. Oh, Philip. Bess! Bess! They're after me. I know they are. I have to hide. You have to hide me. You stupid girl. Bess. I... I'm in danger. I'm afraid. Don't you think that we're afraid, too? Don't you think that we're in danger, too? You... selfish little bitch. We're all afraid, people are dead! Evelyn, people are dead. They're going to arrest me, they'll torture me, Bessie. -Because I know the truth. -What truth? Lindbergh is alive. They're blackmailing him, the Germans. -They have his son. -What? -Are you insane? -Bess, please! Go. You can't stay here. Go! -Philip, please. -How dare you. You go! Get out! Bess! Bess! Where the hell have you been? Am I family? I'm askin, am I family? - Of course you are. - Okay. Then I've been home for the last three days, sick, all right? Uh... Minna, Minna, Minna, you took care of me, right? If anybody asks, I've been home sick. I never left the damn place. Yeah? - Who's gonna ask? - What happened, Alvin? Minna... where was he? Sick. At the house. With me. Bess. Bess. Please. Evelyn, you have to leave. Where? Where? Where will I go? I don't know, Evelyn. Bess... You can know this... that I will always love you. But I will never forgive you. Don't come back here. Ever. Bess, I didn't want for any of these things to happen. I didn't do anything wrong. Should we wake him to eat? Nah, let's let him sleep. Who's he gonna live with? With us. Until we can find some of his family. Your mother thinks he has an aunt over in Brooklyn, but, uh... I don't know. -Bologna with mayonnaise. -On white bread. I'll be goddammed. They're tryin' to kill us. This microphone here? Yes, ma'am. Just say a few things so I can set a level. Hello, my fellow Americans. That's fine, Mrs. Lindbergh. My fellow Americans: this is Anne Marrow Lindbergh, addressing you live from a radio station near our nation's capital. I understand that some of our broadcasting networks have been alerted to these remarks, and so, you are hearing my words as I speak them. I'm speaking today because some of your countrymen, who are loyal to my husband's administration, helped obtain my release from the US Army's Walter Reed Hospital, where I was unlawfully detained on orders of the acting president. I'm grateful for that loyalty. Not only to myself and my husband, but to our government of laws. My fellow Americans, my countrymen, unlawfulness... on the part of America's law enforcement agencies cannot and will not be allowed to prevail. In my husband's name, I ask that no further violence be visited upon Americans, regardless of their race, religion, or national origin, and that the men and women of this great country do all we can to make amends for the wounds done to innocent people in these past days and weeks of civil unrest. I ask the FBI to release all of those arrested on charges of conspiring to harm my husband and to restore their full rights as citizens. There is not a shred of evidence that a single detainee is in any way responsible for whatever befell my husband and his plane. I ask all National Guard units to disarm and disband and for our guardsmen to return to civilian life. I ask the Congress of the United States to initiate proceedings to remove from office the current acting president of the United States and to appoint a new president in accordance with the Presidential Succession Act of 1886. I ask the congress to authorize a presidential election that will coincide with the congressional election, scheduled for the first Tuesday after the first Monday of November. I ask no more of the American people than that they follow my example and refuse to accept or support government conduct that is indefensible. Liberty and justice will be restored, and those who have violated the Constitution of the United States shall now be addressed in strict keeping with the law of the land. ...Hope that America will come greatly through a dark and dangerous time. That the ship of state is sturdy and safe. And that with continued courage and wisdom we will safely return it-- Oh! Oh, look at this little pisher! Isn't he a beautiful kid? Isn't he the most beautiful kid? Where's your brother? -Welcome. -Herman. Alvin. Oh. Aunt Bess. And this... This is Minna. And yes, your nephew is marrying up. That's Minna Schapp, daughter of Pinball Billy Schapp. You know, owner of the steakhouse, the soon to be lobster house, managed by yours truly. And half of the gaming machines between what, southern Maryland, northern Jersey? - Please to meet you. - And you. Boy, something smells great. -Yeah. -Latkes. Come on, I'll give you the recipe. Alvin, is that your car outside? Who's this? You must have grown six inches. Get over here, slugger. That's my car out front. I'll give you a ride later if you want. I mean, it ain't a Studebaker, but then what is, huh? In time, gentlemen, you will see that there's more to this than we now know. Lindbergh's child was not actually murdered those many years ago. The corpse found was of another child selected by the Nazis. Charles Jr. was in fact kidnapped, and has been raised in Berlin as a model Hitler Youth. This being done to exploit Mr. Lindbergh's fame. The family has been tortured by this secret. Blackmailed, every maneuver in his campaign, every divisive circumstance that resulted was engineered by the Nazis. It's been unspeakably cruel, to the Lindbergh's, while trapped in this vicious hoax. They have resisted the Nazi demands against our people as much as they dared. But it was not enough. So, Lindbergh was ordered back to Berlin to allow Wheeler, a true enemy of democracy to ascend to the presidency in time, gentlemen. -All of this will become apparent-- -Rabbi! We must talk frankly. See, the thing about the fight game, if you understand it, is that unless someone's rigged something, you can look at a couple of pugs and just know who has the advantage. I mean, these certain guys with certain styles, - they're gonna last 15-- - May I be excused? Certainly, Seldon. Anyway. Um... These guys, they're not gonna let themselves get hit the same way as the bums do. And when they are hit, they're the kind who've shown you they can take it, which is why I'm gonna be backing this one Italian fella from Camden. Ugh! There's money in him! I can smell it. So, a big Plymouth automobile. A sharpie's suits, -the scum of the earth for your friends. -Oh. - Herman. - This is what it comes to, Alvin? Do you-- Do you know? Do you care? Does it bother you at all what's happened in this country? It did once. But now, no. Now, it's... big cigars and motor cars and big bets on Italian boxers. You have any idea what's happening to the Jews in this country? What's at stake now -in this coming election? -The Jews? I wrecked my life for the Jews. I lost my fucking leg for the Jews. I lost my fucking leg for you. All your talk about Lindbergh and how goddamn awful he was, but did you ever do anything about it? Huh?! Did you ever get off your ass and fight? -Or were you just gonna sit there... -Boys. ...by the fucking radio, complaining for the rest of eternity?! And you're gonna talk to me about the Jews? You?! - If Lindbergh was still here-- - But he's not. -Is he? -Thank God. Is that what you think? That the Jewish God, huh? Yahweh himself waits until the time is right to put a plague on Pharaoh or part the sea, so you can sit on your ass and wait for God. You think it's too easy. To speak out against a Lindbergh. -Do you think it doesn't cost? -To speak?! When the fuck do you people ever act?! Huh? When it's too late. When the damage is already done. All you people ever do is talk. Alvin! Herman! Herman, stop! Alvin, no! Dad! Herman! - Herman, stop! Stop! - Dad! Oh, God! Alvin! Stop! Herman! Oh, God! Alvin! Stop! Oh, Alvin. Oh. Oh, my God. Sandy, get some ice. Philip, go to your room. This has been my precinct for 20 years. - But you're not on the list. - What list? I don't know what to tell you. Is this Rubble Street address correct? -What are you doing with that? -It's broken. It's broken? What do you mean it's broken? How? from precincts in Maryland, Virginia and Connecticut. In South Eastern Virginia, the Norfolk-Hampton Roads area, and several precincts that Charles Lindbergh won handily two years ago, we're seeing some conflicting results early on. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 