The Plot Against America: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Plot Against America 
 s1e3 - Part 3 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Plot Against America (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Part 3 - full transcript 
 [HBO] HD. 'Part 3.' The family endures a trip to D.C., despite Bess' desire to visit Canada, where many frightened Jewish families are moving. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 WOMAN: These young people were murdered, and their cases were never solved. MAN: People say, "This has to be the clan or some crooked cops." There was no case like it in history. Do what should've been done. Solve the cases. CHARLES LINDBERGH: Your choice is simple. It is not between Charles A. Lindbergh and Franklin Delano Roosevelt. It is between Lindbergh and war. ♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ I think I might've found someone. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Who then? EVELYN FINKEL: Rabbi Bengelsdorf. (WHISPERS) Bengelsdorf. Evelyn. Lindbergh is not an anti‐Semite. - BESS LEVIN: Like hell he's not. - (CROWD CHEERING) LIONEL BENGELSDORF: I have an offer that I'd like for you to consider. Come work with me. (CROWD CHEERING) What if Lindbergh does win? To most people in this country, there's never been a bigger hero in their lifetime. RECRUITER: Levin, you here to fight for King and country? I'm here to kill Nazis. ANNOUNCER: The 33rd president of the United States... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Charles Augustus Lindbergh. ♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪ MAN: (SINGING) ♪ There's a new day in view ♪ ♪ There is gold in the blue ♪ ♪ There is hope In the hearts of men ♪ ♪ All the world's on the way ♪ ♪ To a sunnier day ♪ ♪ 'Cause the road Is open again ♪ ♪ There's a note repair ♪ ♪ There's a song in the air ♪ ♪ It's the music of busy men ♪ ♪ Every plow in the land ♪ ♪ Meets a happier hand ♪ ♪ 'Cause the road Is open again ♪ ♪ There's an eagle blue In the White House too ♪ ♪ On the shoulder Of the president there ♪ ♪ With a lusty call Telling one and all ♪ ♪ Brother, do your share! ♪ ♪ There's a new day in view ♪ ♪ There is gold in the blue ♪ ♪ There is hope In the hearts of men ♪ ♪ From the plains to the hill ♪ ♪ From the farm to the mill ♪ ♪ For the road is open again ♪ ♪ There's a new day in view ♪ ♪ There is gold in the blue ♪ ♪ There is hope In the hearts of men ♪ ♪ From the plains to the hill ♪ ♪ From the farm to the mill ♪ ♪ All the road is open again ♪ - (WIND BLOWS) - (BOOK PAGES RUSTLE) (AIRPLANE ENGINE DRONES) (WIND INTENSIFIES) - (OVERLAPPING DIALOGUE) - (RUMBLING) - (SIREN WAILS) - (AIRPLANE ENGINE DRONES) ♪ (SINGING IN HEBREW) ♪ MAYOR: The city of Newark is maintaining its commitment to the safety and the security of all of its citizens. I wouldn't be standing here if that wasn't true. REPORTER: What steps are you taking? MAYOR: Well, there‐‐ Now, listen. There are‐‐ There's been no danger, no threats. Nothing has actually been identified. - REPORTER 2: None at all. - MAYOR: Thank you. However, the city is providing police resources anyway, in an effort to... HERMAN LEVIN: At least they showed up this time. Yeah, that they did... For what it's worth. HERMAN: You'd think with all the vandalism in the last few months, police might put a man on. How many Jews on the Newark Police Force, you figure? That shouldn't be the point. POLICE OFFICER: Look, look, look. Yeah, well, I'll work with anybody who knows who's responsible for this. In my opinion, it's probably a rowdy group of kids. You know, hooligans. Boys cutting class. - There is no indication... - Thinking about leaving. Leaving? Canada. POLICE OFFICER: Boys will be boys. I got boys, 'kay? This is what they're like. This is really nothing out of the ordinary. I'm not lettin' them run me off. Nah, this is my country. Jew haters want a country, they got plenty to choose from. This one, they're not getting. RABBI LIONEL BENGELSDORF: Fellow congregants, I'd like to take a moment and thank you all for your... unwavering support as I embark on a new journey on behalf of our community, our people, and our country. As you are all aware, I was of some... modest service to President Lindbergh during the recent political campaign, and that I expressed real support for his heroic commitment to keeping our country out of any European war. The president has now offered me a new and unique opportunity, and one that I know will reflect well on all of us, here at Temple B'nai Moshe. I have been asked to initiate a new program, which will further and better assimilate our people into the fabric of America. The program, which is one of my own conception and design is called Just Folks. (CONGREGATION MURMURS) - ♪ (MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ - GLORIA: Here's to number four. - WOMAN: Truce! - Another, Billy Boy? Ah, Jesus wept, Gloria. I give up. What is this swill? - (CHUCKLES) It's Appleton's. - It tastes like your tea - after we tossed it in the Boston Harbor. - Yeah! (CHUCKLES) Oh, go on. Blame the taste when it's clear she can drink both of you colonials under this table. June, we're Americans. Dear boy, you swore to protect king and country, so at worst, you're both technically Canadians. Come on, let's exercise that hollow leg of yours. (GLORIA LAUGHS) Whee! MAN: Wait, we're going again? WOMAN: Woo‐hoo! - (MAN LAUGHING) - (INDISTINCT CHATTER) MAN 2: Come on. Let's get another round. How 'bout some fresh air? - How 'bout a canoodle? - Canoodle? - Mm‐hm. - (CROWD CHEERING) - You people don't talk right. - (CHUCKLES) (INDISTINCT CHATTER) (CHEERING) - WOMAN: Rabbi. - BENGELSDORF: Yes. - WOMAN: Such a kawved for you and the shul. - Oh, thank you. WOMAN: To think of the president calling on you. Well, he's a wonderful man and very gracious to me, so... I thank him. This is my friend... MAN: I don't care how long he's been here, - this is an embarrassment. - WOMAN 2: Lower your voice. Pompous ass thinks he's gonna use Charles Lindbergh to be a big man, but we're the ones getting used. - (BOY GIGGLING) - MAN: Come on, Henry, keep up. DR. CHOMSKY: Do you have trouble going to sleep? PHILLIP LEVIN: No. CHOMSKY: So, staying asleep is the problem? - Uh‐huh. - Mm‐hm. Is it usually the same nightmare, always with the Nazis? Okay, kiddo. (CLICKS TONGUE) Get dressed. Fit as a fiddle, physically. ‐But these dreams‐‐ ‐Since the election, all my Jewish kids are having fight or flight dreams. They're anxious. It's because of us, isn't it? CHOMSKY: What do you mean? We're upset, and they feel it. CHOMSKY: They're kids. They miss nothing, but are we wrong to feel this way? And are they? (SIREN WAILS) FIRE WARDEN: You don't want to be going down there. Farrier Street's safe. Go. Go. Any word yet about a mission? No, I think soon. - I hope not. - Hey... Come on. - It's what I signed up for. - I know, but still. You started your hand‐to‐hand combat training? - Last week. - Splendid. (MOANING) (SIREN WAILS) Come on, love. Down the tube. Sometimes, you can be alone in a crowd. Hey. Ma. Hey, Ma. You want I should fix us some tea? Where did you go? I was at work with the rabbi. The rabbi? Yeah, Rabbi Bengelsdorf. There's a rabbi? Yeah, you met him. I'm his assistant. We're seeing each other. Remember? What does Herman say? ‐Herman‐‐ ‐Bess, does your husband know you're with another man? No, Ma‐‐ Ma, Bess isn't here. I'm Evelyn. (CHUCKLING) Evelyn. Ev. Yeah. Bess? Ma. I'm Evelyn. I'm Evelyn. Evelyn? Evelyn is out with a boy. He's a rabbi. ♪ (MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ (DOOR OPENS, CLOSES) Your sister here yet? She's outside with Sandy. Phillip's in his room with his stamps. HERMAN: Mm. Ev says Mom's getting worse. I'm sorry. How was the doctor with Phillip? Not surprised. He's seeing it with all the Jewish kids. It's that bastard Lindbergh. ‐(HERMAN SIGHS) ‐Herman. We have to be careful not to show the boys too much. Phillip, especially, is aware of everything we say and do, and he carries it around. This is the world now. He's gonna hear about it from his friends, from everywhere. We have to try. (MOANING) (BOTH SIGH) (PANTING) I like what you've done with the place. JUNE: I've been busy living. Before the war, every day was the same, wasn't it? Now, it's like we're living on the edge of a knife. It's crazy. It's wonderful. (SIREN WAILING OUTSIDE) You think it's wrong to be caught up in the thrill of the war? Helluva thing. Spittin' at death. That's it, isn't it? You spit at death, and you make life worth living. Yeah, maybe. (CHUCKLING) So, uh, what exactly do you do at the Admiralty? You never said. Oh, really? So, you're one of these hush‐hush types running this whole war? You're looking at a signatory of the Official Secrets Act. Though I suppose I could tell a Yank a bit. Why? You heard Lindbergh was strictly neutral. Well, you aren't. You're over here. It's different for me. I'm a Jew. You didn't know? From your name, sure. I guess I just didn't think about it very much. You don't seem so different. (CHUCKLING) I mean, to say, you believe in more or less the same stuff as anybody else, God and all that. - I don't believe in God. - Then why be Jewish? You make it sound like a choice. Isn't it in a way? I believe in my father... who was a Jew. And then his father, a Jew. And his father and his father and all the way back to whatever the hell tribe was wandering around the desert when someone had the bright idea to trim off the end of his prick. (JUNE CHUCKLES) - So, it's about family? - No, it's more than that. I'm a Jew because I was born a Jew, and this whole fucking world wishes I wasn't. They want us gone. All of us. And they drive themselves crazy because after all this time, they still can't get rid of us. - That's it? - Yeah, that's it. (CHUCKLING) I'm not over here because I'm an American. (GRUNTS) Shit, my country's gone to hell. I'm here to settle an old score. Must be hard to be something out of spite. - It's not the best reason. - Oh, yeah? It'll do. WORKER: Yeah, but, uh, what's dropping it off? No, you can't do that. You can't put one on top of the other. It's not how much you can carry, it's about the bruising. WORKER 2: But then we can get more done. (INDISTINCT CHATTER) - Saul. My brother around? - He's in the office. (INDISTINCT CHATTER) WORKER 3: Don't leave the dolly there. (KNOCKING) I stopped by to tell you... they didn't mess with Jack's stone. Oh, you didn't hear? Hear what? The goons came back to Orange Avenue last night, ran through the cemetery. They left swastikas and curses on whatever they couldn't knock over. Again, fucking Lindbergh... and his goddamn America Firsters. These assholes... you know, they've always been here, but now, it's like they have permission to crawl out from under the rocks. I'm glad we're on the same page with that. 'Cause there is something I'd like you to do. Oh, what, are you shakin' a can? No. I want you and your merchants' group to go and lean on our deadbeat police commissioner to do something. Ah. What does that dumb mick care what the‐‐ the Jewish Merchants Association thinks? Go talk to the mayor, then. - MONTY LEVIN: Oh, please. - You guys kicked in your share when he ran for reelection. So now, money has its uses? Huh, boychik? Mm‐hm. Whatever happened to my hothead, Debs‐loving kid brother? I never said money didn't matter. I just object to it mattering above all else. Ir'rah mishpucha. For you, my little socialist, the bourgeois Jew peddlers will do what needs to be done. I'm as capitalist as you are. Yeah. I didn't vote for Eugene Debs. You voted for Roosevelt twice. That's enough so I don't disown you. (CHUCKLES) (TYPEWRITERS CLACKING) SANDY: So, what's it all about? Well, the whole purpose of the program is to encourage America's minorities to further integrate into larger society. And because it was Rabbi Bengelsdorf's idea, they made him director of the New Jersey office, and they put the pilot program right here in Newark. The president thinks so highly of Lionel that he's gonna send his name to Congress, and he's gonna run the whole thing nationally. - How does it work? - Oh, it‐‐ Come here. Come here. It's wonderful. It's designed for city boys 12 to 18 to go spend a summer with a farm family. Would I be able to draw the animals and barns and stuff? Of course. If you sign up. To be honest, Sandy... I have been saving this one especially for you. A wonderful family in Kentucky, the Mawhinneys, with a boy, Orin, your age, and they have all kinds of animals. You really wanna do this, don't you? You think Dad'll let me? We'll see. BENGELSDORF: Evelyn, I need you to‐‐ Oh. You must be Evelyn's nephew. - You ride horses. - Excuse me? Why, yes, I do. I saw you by the old orphanage. I‐‐ I drew a picture of you and your horse. Ah. Yes. Your aunt tells me you are quite the budding young artist. So, you saw me riding Soos? - Zeus? - Soos. S‐O‐O‐S. Hebrew for "horse." I'm a rabbi who rides a horse. Imagine that. My family is from South Carolina and in the South, many young boys learn how to ride. Speaking of which, Lionel, Sandy here wants to sign up for Just Folks. I don't doubt it. You're gonna have a great, and I might add, unique experience. The world is more than New Jersey. Yes, sir. ♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ NARRATOR: German tank columns roll across the Russian steppes toward Kiev and Moscow, with Leningrad already preparing defenses. Citizens are being mobilized to line the city's perimeter with open trenches, timber barricades, wire entanglements... From everything on the radio, it seems like they're falling apart just like the French. Yeah. It's not good. With this action, Adolf Hitler has established himself as the world's greatest safeguard against the spread of communism and its evil. If the German army is successful in its struggle against Soviet Bolshevism, and there's every reason to believe it will be, America will never have to face the threat of a voracious communist state imposing its pernicious system - on our world. - As opposed to the Nazi system. Lying son of a bitch bastard. Well, they played the same card with Spain. You don't stand with the fascists, and you're a red. NARRATOR: Meanwhile, to the west, England fights alone with its forced allied with the Greek army battling the Nazis on the island of Crete. And here, we see victorious Tommy commandos returning from Operation Claymore, where they captured or killed 200 Germans and burned military stores and installations. INSTRUCTOR: Meet Fritz, lads. You've spent hours perfecting this maneuver, but how many of you have had the occasion to cut a throat? It's not as easy as one might expect, especially when one is tasked with doing the deed in absolute silence. And there's the no small matter of all that blood to contend with. So, today, gentlemen, another method. One that I favor. Notice it has three knots, one on either end and one in the middle. Why are the knots on either end? DRILL LEADER: Stay with it! - Levin. - So the rope won't slip through your hands. INSTRUCTOR: Precisely. The knee in the lower back is very important. Provides the necessary fulcrum for the snapping motion that crushes the windpipe, silences the vocal cords. - Shall we give it a try? - Line up! How'd you know about the knots? Motherfucker, I'm from Jersey. That was a good meal, Mom. (SIGHS) Why, thank you. Dad, could you sign this? It's for a summer program. HERMAN: Where did you get this? SANDY LEVIN: Aunt Evelyn. She's picked out a farm in Kentucky for me to go to. There's a boy my age. Orin. Sandy. Your sister is really working on this crap with Bengelsdorf? I thought you were gonna talk sense into her. She shouldn't be anywhere near that man. Office of American Absorption. So, we need to be absorbed, do we? We're not American enough yet? Living on Summit Avenue in the city of Newark in the state of New Jersey. I'm not American enough? Or your mother or you? Or your brother? This is just a great opportunity and that's all. It is nothing to do with anti‐Semitism, - if that's what you think. - It doesn't? This is just a great opportunity. I wanna go to Kentucky and I wanna live on a farm and I want to draw those things in those places. They're not sending you to draw. Don't you understand, Sandy? This is what Nazis do with their Hitler Youth ideas. They turn children against their parents. You're not going. You're scared of anything you don't know. And you're scared of anywhere you haven't been or anyone who isn't Jewish! Is that what you think? Hey! Herman, stop! Herman! Stop. This is not helping him, and it's not helping you. Just stop. I got it. I got it. (MOANING) It's been a long time since... (SOFTLY) Yes. Only my... wife and... after her... I understand. I hope that, uh... It's like riding a bicycle. I don't know how to ride a bicycle. (CHUCKLING) She's his mistress, isn't she? Mistress? He's a widower. Bess. (HERMAN SIGHS) (INDISTINCT CHATTER) (CLEARS THROAT) MAJOR: At ease. ALVIN LEVIN: Okay, uh... I know what this is. It's the form that gives you the right to kill me if I open my mouth about what he's gonna tell me. Be assured, Private Levin, the Secrets Act is not taken lightly. If there are no more formalities... So, what are you sellin'? You are aware of radar? It's what we use on the coast to track the German bombers, right? We're also working on an offshoot of radar technology: pulsed navigation. Can either of you make heads or tails of that schematic? Speak freely. ALVIN: Uh... I'm just... spitballin' from the diagram, but you... you put an electric beam or, uh... a beacon on a plane and it sends pulses. Triangulate the pulses with ground units, and you can locate planes. Is that correct? Quick studies, both of you. Can I ask where you acquired a healthy understanding of electronics? - University of Warwick, sir. - Irv Simkowitz's garage, sir. Well, in any event, your unit may soon be targeting a facility where the Germans are employing some version of pulsed navigation of their own. If so, we'd like to acquire it, and of course, that requires someone in your unit to know what the components look like and how they operate. Uh, Hastings, sir, has been to college and he knows a lot more about this than me already. We've nominated you both on the good chance that one of you gets killed on the way in or out. I signed on to kill Krauts, not to rummage around machine parts. Levin, if it's any solace, I imagine you'll get some modest chance to kill Germans just getting there and back. Now, may we proceed? (SIGHS) ♪ (MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ Sandy, wait. I'll be on the steps. Do you wanna look at this house on Chancellor today? I have an errand after work. Maybe tomorrow then. Herman. He'll get over it, Bess. Just be gentle with him. I'm gentle with everyone. Watch me tonight at dinner with your sister. I'll be the goddamn picture of calm. RADIO ANNOUNCER: in Washington. President Lindbergh has left the country. White House officials confirm he's flying abroad on a diplomatic mission to an unnamed destination. Of course, we can't be sure what the German components will look like, but the basic principles are likely to be the same. For you to know what you're looking for, it's best if you know how it works. Show them, sergeant. (MACHINE WHIRS, BEEPS) RADAR OPERATOR: All right, see the echo there on the scope. You see it? That's what you call in. CLERK: Admissible immigrants can be American or British subjects, however, you need to demonstrate enough capital to maintain a family or be an agriculturist of sufficient means. Your husband is not a farmer, and you haven't amassed sufficient capital to qualify. Absent those economic preconditions or... any other familial connection to the Dominion of Canada, I'm not sure what I can say. Familial connection? (INDISTINCT CHATTER OVER RADIO) MURPHY: That to June? What'd you write? Fuck you, Murphy. (LAUGHS) It's just... I wanna write a letter to Gloria, you know. In case. And Jews are good with words. (CHUCKLING) Damn, brother. You send this to me, and I'll marry you. (CHUCKLING) SERGEANT: Wrap it up. Complete the check of all gear and leave last letters in your foot lockers. RADIO ANNOUNCER: The BBC has verified reports that the American president traveled to Iceland, for a secret meeting with Adolf Hitler and his‐‐ - (REEL CLICKS RAPIDLY) - That son of a bitch. Now, it's all out in the open. What a‐‐ What a betrayal. Isn't that something? To see the American president shaking hands with Hitler like he's any other fella? Yes. It's something. The Iceland Understanding promises strict neutrality. We just cut the British dead, just like we did in Spain. They're all alone. Just waiting for the Germans to invade. - Congress won't stand for it. - Oh, won't they? We don't have enough Democrats left after the landslide. Canada. Before it's too late, Herman. (HERMAN SIGHS) Oh, no, Phillip. Um... It's Shabbas. We're eating in the dining room tonight. In fact, can you go downstairs and look on the inside line to see if the good tablecloth is dry? (MARTIN WISHNOW COUGHING) SELMA WISHNOW: Use the towel, Martin. You don't want to bleed on the bed sheet. (COUGHING CONTINUES) (MACHINE CLANGS) (COUGHING CONTINUES) Is it okay if I go outside and play if I'm finished eating? If you finished your homework, you can, but stay on Summit. Don't go wandering off with bedtime coming. And say goodbye to your aunt, please. - Bye, Aunt Evelyn. - Bye, sweetie. PHILLIP: What are you doing? - I thought Sandy would be here. - SELDON: I gotta go to bed soon. - PHILLIP: How soon? - He's having dinner at a friend's house. They had a school project. PHILLIP: Let's play over there until - your mom says it's bedtime. - SELDON: Okay. - PHILLIP: Let's go, come on! - SELDON: Okay, coming! Well... in any event, you know I spoke to him about Kentucky. Why would I send my son... to another family for the summer? Herman... What are you worried could possibly happen on a farm? ‐We know you meant to‐‐ ‐After seeing our president shake hands with Adolf Hitler, it's only natural for every Jewish father to be concerned that this Just Folks program is the first step in his plan to come between Jewish children and their families. That's ridiculous! Do you think Rabbi Bengelsdorf would be part of any such thing? HERMAN: I think that man... would sell every last Israelite back to Pharaoh. (SCOFFS) You're just afraid that Sandy might escape winding up as narrow minded and frightened as you. BESS LEVIN: That's a terrible thing to say. ‐We have good reason‐‐ ‐HERMAN: It's okay, Bess. Your sister is entitled to her opinion. So, this isn't about making Jews less Jewish? It's just about introducing city kids to the wonders of real American life. I'll tell you what, Evelyn, let's make a deal. When the Just Folks program sends the first Negro child from Newark to summer with a white farm family, I'll let Sandy go to Kentucky. Bess. See? That one's a leaner. That's good? You want to be closest to the wall, and a leaner's as close as you can get, right? Throw a card. Kinda. But make it spin. Seldon, is your dad doing any better? I spin it like this? Yeah. Is your dad okay? He coughs a lot. (DOOR OPENS AND SLAMS) SELDON: Isn't that better? That's a good one. (BIRDS CHIRPING) MAN: Hurry up, David. You'll miss the bus. That house on Bayview sold in only three weeks. There's three single‐dwelling listings in the neighborhood with four bedrooms and two baths. Why don't we take a look? (SIGHS) The Bayview house was newly conditioned, but sold for 500 less than the asking price. This house on Field Place, that's the Kalmanowsky house. I worked on the PTA with Rebecca. I spoke with her Thursday. They're selling to build up capital to move to Canada. So are the Silvermans. This is not the time to buy, Herman. I went into New York... to the Canadian consulate there. - Bess. - We are now on the preferred immigration list, thanks to Alvin being in the Canadian army. I'm not leaving, Bess. Maybe it's too early to leave, but it's not too early to have a backup plan. When school finishes, instead of taking the boys to Washington, why don't we drive up along the lake and see Toronto? We can get a sense of things. See how it feels. We've been planning and saving for a Washington trip since last year. The hotel is reserved. We showed the boys the brochures, the monuments. Herman... Just think about it, please. (ENGINE RUMBLES) There's a Statue of Freedom on top of the dome. I have a stamp of it. Sandy, what do you want to see first? (GROANS) I think I missed our turn. I don't know. (CAR HORNS HONK) - (TIRES SCREECH) - BESS: Oh! (SIREN WAILS) What's going on, Jersey? We're looking for our hotel. What's it called again, Bess? - Um... - Speak up, miss. ‐I‐‐ ‐HERMAN: Uh... The Douglas Hotel. K Street. Thattaboy. Follow me, Jersey. HERMAN: Thank you. Hey. Hey! Stop. We're getting the royal treatment. But how do you know where he's taking us, Herman? - Where are we going? - Bess. We're going to our hotel. Bess, he's taking us to our hotel. What's wrong? Nothing. (SNIFFS) Nothing, forgive me. (THUNDER RUMBLING) Our car has arrived. Was that painted in Charleston? Yes, it was a wedding gift... from my parents. BESS: Uh, that one over here, please. BELLHOP: Yes, ma'am. BESS: Thank you. HERMAN: Thank you. This is for you. BELLHOP: Thank you, sir. Please enjoy your stay. BESS: Herman, where'd you put the brochure? HERMAN: Uh, should be in your bag. Phillip. Pajamas, right now. Mom. There are four of these little soaps. - One for each of us. - That's swell, but we have a big day tomorrow. You need to be in bed. EVELYN LEVIN: Your wife was beautiful. The portrait. For a cleric, I seem to have an eye for that sort of thing. There's Ford. - That's Henry Ford? - Mm‐hm. As Secretary of the Interior, he will be introducing me. He hates Jews. Everyone knows it. He does. And yet, he will be entirely polite when you meet him. Do you know why? Because you have the president's ear. And the president is not, despite what others say, a Jew hater. So, Mr. Ford will behave. A moment or two, please. I know that in these sort of things, it may say the wrong thing to not start anew, to have this be a memory or keepsake of another woman. I told myself a few times that it wasn't fair of me to try to connect my past to your present. Oh, Lionel... Please, Evelyn, I thought about what I wanted to say to you. See, the truth is, I loved my wife, and now, very quickly, I find that I love you in the same way. So, I can think of nothing that meant more to me than... giving you this, which was hers, and... now, if you will take it... - (EVELYN GASPS) - entirely yours. Put it on. ‐(GASPS) ‐Good. (CHUCKLES) WALTER WINCHELL: Flash: Washington. It seems our president's embargo on all material to warring nations has a loophole that allows US Interior Secretary and raving Jew‐baiter Henry Ford, along with other rogue industrialists to quietly sell petroleum, vehicles, and even munitions to the Nazis. So, Mr. and Mrs. America, those bombs falling in London are stamped "Made in the US of A." - (TELEGRAPH PULSES) - WALTER WINCHELL: Flash: Montana. By next week, this reporter will have the list of sites under consideration for what my sources call relocation camps in the event of any so‐called national emergency, sites mainly located in Montana, home state of Lindbergh's Vice President, suck‐up Democrat, Burton K. Wheeler. That's right, Mr. and Mrs. America, there are plans for concentration camps in the Land of the Free. But that's it for now from the editorial room of the Jergens Journal and yours truly, Walter Winchell. Son of a bitch isn't just in bed with Hitler. Charlie Lindbergh wants to be another little Hitler himself. (INDISTINCT CHATTER) SERGEANT: All out. Think of it as another training mission. With live fire. Re‐check the gear. What are you most looking forward to seeing? The Washington Monument. The name's Taylor, folks. I'm a professional guide to the capital. I'll drive for ya, take you to the sites, tell you all there is to know. And I'll make sure you eat where the price is right and the food is good. All it'll cost you, using your own automobile, is just nine dollars a day. Here's my license. Uh... Looks good to me, sir, but... I don't think nine bucks a day is in the cards. Not for this family. I appreciate that, but on your own, sir, you doing the driving and not knowing your way and... well, trying to find parking and a good meal? Sir, you and your family won't see half of what you will with me. Let me take this up with the wife. I don't know. Who sent him? How did he spot our car? Jersey tags, parked outside of a hotel. It's his job to find tourists. - Taylor, you said it was? - TAYLOR: Yes, sir. HERMAN: Name's Levin. Nine dollars for today will be fine, but... - BESS: In you go. - we'll see how you do before deciding on tomorrow. TAYLOR: That's perfectly acceptable to me. Should we begin with a short drive... - (INDISTINCT CHATTER) - (BELL RINGING) I thought it might be France. Fuck it. Nazis wherever we go. (BELL RINGS) TAYLOR: You want to save the Lincoln Memorial for tomorrow? It's not like you all haven't seen your fill today. Jefferson Memorial, Capitol dome, Archives, Washington Monument. We're here now. And it will be beautiful at night. I'm just glad we took the elevator and not the stairs at the Washington Monument. I can only agree with you, ma'am. (BESS CHUCKLES) And the monument was cleaned a few years back. Took five months and 100,000 dollars. - Under FDR? - Yes, it was. And do people care? No. They want an airmail pilot for their president. WOMAN: Hannah, come on! We're going for ice cream! - MAN: Marjorie. - Boys. - MARJORIE: Yeah? - SANDY: Yes, Mr. Taylor? TAYLOR: This is the eastern facade... You've got to stop talking like that. It's just expressing my opinion. We do not know who this man is. He's an authorized guide with the documents to prove it. We're not in Berlin. TAYLOR: Now, up at the top of the Memorial, you boys will see the 36 states preserved in the Union. HERMAN: When you think of what this country does ‐to its greatest presidents‐‐ ‐Herman, please don't start. I'm not starting anything. This was a great tragedy. Isn't that right, boys? I was just saying, Mr. Taylor, it is the damnedest thing what this country does to its great men. Well, thank goodness for Lindbergh. Compare Lincoln to Lindbergh? Something bothering you about what the lady just said? Loudmouth Jew. TAYLOR: Now, boys. The original plans indicated this entrance was to be covered by a... Let's go over here and see his most famous speech chiseled in marble. (INDISTINCT CHATTER) To hear those words, here, in a shrine to a man like this. Only 272 words in the address Lincoln made at Gettysburg. Think you'd hear that if Roosevelt was president? People wouldn't dare. Read that, Phillip. "All men are created equal." It's plain as day. Herman, I can't go on like this. (INDISTINCT CHATTER) - (PRIEST SPEAKING LATIN) - ALVIN: (SIGHS) Last rites? No, communion. A mass. Last rites is when you think you bought it. (PRIEST CONTINUES IN LATIN) Don't, uh, Jews have a prayer they say if they think they're gonna die? Uh, the Sh'ma, yeah. What's it say? It says, uh... "God, you kidding me? Come on, stop busting balls already." (PRIEST SPEAKING LATIN) SOLDIER: Amen. What's our luggage doing here? Folks, I should apologize. I packed these for you as our clerk made a mistake. The room that he gave you was reserved for another family. What? My‐‐ My wife wrote you people. You‐‐ You wrote us back, we‐‐ we had a reservation months ago. Sir, the room is taken and there are no vacancies. Here is your deposit. Uh, wait a minute. We will not charge you for your night in the room or for a bar of soap that is missing. Missing? A soap bar? - Are you saying we stole it? - MANAGER: No, sir. I wouldn't haggle about something so small. What the hell are you talking about? Mr. Levin, if you are going to make a scene‐‐ Yes, I'm going to make a scene till I find out what's going on. MANAGER: Then I have no choice but to phone the police. Shall I call the police, sir? Or will you take your bags and your family and leave immediately? Call the police. Mr. Levin, you are perfectly in the right, but the police are not the solution here. Yes, they are. Herman. Herman, it's over. Mr. Taylor is taking our bags to the car. MANAGER: Yes, operator, I need the police, please. Yes, we're having trouble with a man here. No, he is not a guest. Officer, you had no right to remove me from that hotel where we had a reservation and a room. Look, the manager already returned your deposit. He even packed up your belongings for you. Because we're Jewish. That's what this is about. Herman, let's just go. Mr. Taylor has found us a room nearby. No. This officer knows why we were evicted. He knows, the manger knows. I think you ought to listen to your wife... Levin. Leave the premises... before you wear out my patience. (CAR ENGINE IGNITES) "Loudmouth Jew." I gotta tell ya, Mr. Taylor, yesterday was a shock. (INDISTINCT CHATTER) You listen to Winchell, Mr. Taylor? On the radio the other night, he was asking what else Hitler and Lindbergh agreed to in Iceland. Did they reach an understanding on America's Jews? And if so, what was it? Hey, what's doin'? Back up, will ya? ‐(SNIFFS) ‐Do we have a problem? Winchell's a Jew paid for by the British, so if there ever was a loudmouth Jew‐‐ - That is enough. - SERVER: Hey! Hey! This ain't a corner saloon, mister, and don't forget it. I want you folks to fill your coffee cups as much as you like, and, um... And let the boys come to the counter for some more ice cream. Okay? HERMAN: That's very kind of you. Thank you. - Herman, let's just go. - Absolutely not. We are finishing our food. And you, Mr. Taylor, more coffee? No, I'm fine. So, Mr. Taylor, what kind of job did you do before this one? Don't you worry. The Jews will find out soon enough. I was asking Mr. Taylor what kind of work he did before becoming a guide. Keep eating your ice cream, boys. Is it good? You've apparently got more of it coming. I was a college teacher. I should have known. What college? Uh, Wabash. I'm from Indiana originally. HERMAN: Ah, Wabash. Everybody has heard of that. I'm not so sure they have, Mr. Levin. Isn't there a song about the Wabash River? Oh, sure. I know that one. Uh... (SINGING) ♪ Oh, the moonlight's Fair tonight along the Wabash ♪ ♪ From the fields, there comes The breath of new mown hay ♪ ♪ Through the sycamores The candlelight is gleaming ♪ ♪ On the banks of the Wabash Far away ♪ Good. That's very good. My husband has a lovely singing voice. ♪ Many years have passed Since I strolled by the river ♪ ♪ Arm in arm With my sweetheart by my side ♪ ♪ It was there I tried To tell her that I loved her ♪ ♪ It was there I begged of her To be my bride ♪ ♪ Oh, the moonlight's Fair tonight along the Wabash ♪ (GIGGLING) ♪ From the fields, there comes The breath of new mown hay ♪ ♪ Through the sycamores The candlelight is gleaming ♪ ♪ On the banks of the Wabash ♪ ♪ Far away ♪ (APPLAUSE) There will be no encore. Boychik... I'm thinking of letting you go do Just Folks in Kentucky. What? Why? Well, if Kentucky is anything like Washington, DC, you'll probably meet some lousy people. But if it's anything like Indiana, you'll probably meet some good ones like Mr. Taylor here. But either way, it will be for you to find out. Now, you and your brother go get that extra ice cream, and uh... pick out a sandwich for the road, have them bag it up. It's a long trip home. Thank you for an excellent tour, Mr. Taylor. Honored, Mr. Levin. TRAIN ANNOUNCER: (OVER PA) Now boarding on track two. Now boarding on track two. Train 64, The Jeffersonian. It's gonna be an eye‐opening experience, you'll see. Hope so, Evelyn. - I hope so. - Sandy. EVELYN: Goodbye, Sandy! - SANDY: Bye, Mom. - Have fun! SANDY: I will. (TRAIN HORN BLARES) How's that? Now, let me know if it's too tight. PATIENT: That's fine. (INDISTINCT CHATTER) NURSE 2: You might prefer to look away. (NURSE CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY) ♪ (MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ ♪ (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS) ♪ RABBI LIONEL BENGELSDORF: So, now we find ourselves at the second phase of this great undertaking. We open the country to a permanent migration of Jewish families. To be clear, the Homestead Act involves voluntary participation in the program, correct? How could it be otherwise? WOMAN: We are planning for the upcoming visit of the German minister, so I wanted to see your face when I gave you this. - You had no right. - The man is a Nazi. Charles Lindbergh is a hero! Do you understand what you are going to do to your reputation? You're ghetto Jews. Narrow‐minded ghetto Jews. Don't ever talk back like that ever again. You're a dictator. You're worse than Hitler! WOMAN 2: Sandy! HERMAN LEVIN: Everywhere he goes, Hitler beats down and shoots the Jews. It may be a time when he comes here... to America to beat down and shoot us. And what will our president do then? This is not an evil man. ♪ (MUSIC CONCLUDES) ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 