The Plot Against America: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Plot Against America 
 s1e1 - Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Plot Against America (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Part 1 - full transcript 
 Herman takes his family to look at a house in an upwardly mobile neighborhood, though Bess is wary of leaving the safety of their tight-knit Jewish community; Evelyn becomes charmed by a distinguished local clergyman. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 THE PLOT AGAINST AMERICA Newark, N.J. June 1940 You're gonna call Italy. You always call Italy first. - That's because you're slow. - Faster than you. - Say Italy and we all win. - I declare war on... England! - Freeze! - Philip! - Move! You're in the way. - Philip... Good as gold. Good afternoon, Selma. How's your husband today? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 As well as can be expected. You know if there is anything I can do... Thank you, Bess. And thank you for asking your husband to drive us to the doctor last week. A bus would have been too much for Martin. Seldon! It's time to come in. Bye Selma. When I'm in the basement with the laundry, I can hear Mister Wishnow coughing. - Poor man. - Car! Car! Get out of the street. Sandy, Philip. Your father is home. - Sandy, draw me next... - No, me. Unfortunately, ladies, the artist-in- residence has to come inside for dinner. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - What do you think, Aunt Evelyn? - Remarkable. I look like Rocky from 'Angels With Dirty Faces.' - What? - The one Jimmy Cagney played. He goes to the electric chair and only pretends to cry because the priest asks him to. You look more like Leo Gorcey. Come on. You've been listening to the Artie Shaw on clarinet. - Is it Shabbas? - After we finish these houses. Boys, dinner. I told your mother I'd wait, but she didn't want to be a burden. Sandy, Philip. Didn't matter to me if she rode over here in her housecoat. I told her as much... I can run over there and get her right now, it's not a big deal. - Sandy, help with the farshpayz. - The chicken's overcooked. - Looks fine to me. - Somebody get the door. Anyway that's what gravy's for. I bet you can taste freedom already. A couple more days boychik. Gut Shabbas. Can I speak with the Papa? Dad. Gut Shabbas. There's still time until sundown, I come for the Jewish homeland in Palestine, please. Of course. Sure. - Wash your hands, Sandy. - I washed them upstairs. Good Shabbas. And thank you for your effort. Most generous. Thank you. Alvin, can you scoot over? You're too close. We praise You, Eternal God, Sovereign of the universe, who creates the fruit of the vine. Amen. Philip, the motzi. Anyone listen to the Yankee game? Ruffing won again. Did he? We praise You, Eternal god, Sovereign of the universe, who causes bread to come forth from the earth. Amen. Ruffing is pitching better, but it'll be hard for him to win twenty again. - He still could. - Well he's off last year's pace. Napkin in your lap, please. Boys, you went into New York and went to Katz's, do you know how much you'd pay for soup this good? - A dollar a spoonful. - Every Friday, the same line. Every Friday, the same soup. Dad, isn't this our homeland? - The man asking for money... - It's for Palestine. Is to settle Jews in Europe who are running from Hitler. But we don't need another homeland, right? No. - Who did the damage, DiMaggio? - Dickey. Three-run homer. - How much do you want for this? - Really? You can have it. No, I want to buy it. You're my cousin. I'm not gonna sell you something I made. When you become a famous artist, I want to be able to say I was the first person who bought your work. - So, two dollars sound right? - You sure? Let me see what you bought? Oh boy, he caught you. A real gangster. I was posing. - Is that what you call it? - You never let nothing go, do you? What'd I say? This might give you an idea for your Arbor Day poster. The red one at the bottom. This is good. Thanks. Boys, it's close to your bedtime. Philip, it'd be nice if you played with Seldon once in awhile. Nobody wants to play with him. And all he wants to do is to play chess. I think you should extend yourself. His father's very sick. Sandy... Lights out. - What is it? - Ford Trimotor. Citing the anniversary of Jewish refugees aboard the M.S. St. Louis attempting to enter the United States, Senator Wheeler of Montana said maintaining strict border control merits focus over giving resources... I don't get it. What don't you get? Why can't you do the new job but we still keep our apartment? It's too far to drive every day from Weequahic. I'd be spending half my workday in the car. - I'd have to change schools, right? - You would. This is a promotion, though. I'd be the district manager in charge of the Union office. That's because your father has had the highest sales for Metropolitan Life in the Newark office for years now. They're looking to pay me 75 dollars a week to supervise in Union. Maybe up to a hundred after a year or two. Let's take a look. Apartments? No, for one family only. The whole house. The whole house? This Depression has knocked prices down. And with my raise, we could afford to buy something like this. Bess, you'd have the flower garden you've always wanted. And boys, you'd each have a bedroom of your own. It's nice. And the other advantage is that the interest on the mortgage alone is deductible in your income tax. Which is a savings you don't get when you're paying rent. Sons of bitches. - Herman... - Go back to Delancey Street. - What are you lookin' at? - Hey, Juden. Wrong turn. Herman, please drive. Bye now. Goddamn fascist bastards. What just happened? Bess... Are you awake? No. - Why was Dad so mad today? - I can't wait 'til I get my own room. Why did Dad cuss? What's a fascist bastard? - You don't know, do you? - The fascists don't like Jews. - Why? - 'Cause we're Jews. But why? 'Cause of Hitler. Now go to bed or I'm getting Mom. You don't know. Not like I know. You grew up in the Third Ward around Jews. You never had to think twice. In Elizabeth, we were the only Jewish family... And what? Did the Cossacks run you out? Did they burn the shtetl? You lived, you grew up... That's not how it feels. I was the only Jew in my class. I had no friends. People would walk by our apartment and point and say, 'That's where the Jews live.' Like it was something that had to be told to everyone. It wasn't that I was mistreated. I was just ignored. And alone. But I don't want that for them. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic, for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all... Our end-of-year award ceremony will be after lunch, so you are to go to the auditorium when you finish eating. Seldon, you'll be on the stage. Class, Seldon won the math contest. Let's have a round of applause. Before we get into fun and games let's talk about our plans for summer. Please, please read. It is very important and will help you next year. Try your very best to read every day and try to read at least one book a week. If you don't have a book handy then read the newspaper. And please be sure to practice your penmanship, both cursive and print. You can even practice using chalk. Anything new? We got new footage of Hitler and Goering accepting the surrender of France. And Hitler in Paris, dancing in the street like a happy putz. That came in yesterday. I still can't get over the fact that France fell apart in only six weeks. The Germans know how to make war. You read the Star-Ledger today? About Wheeler and the Republicans recruiting Lindbergh to run? - Yeah. - He's tapped into something. Maybe not around here, but among the goyim? Did you read the Roper poll? 39% say Jews are like other people. 53% say we're different and should be quote-restricted-unquote. - That much? - 10% say we should be deported. And that, my friend, is a lot of kindling. Lindbergh, if he runs, could be the spark. - Sandy. - Stop following me. - Where are you going? - I wanna give my sketch to Alvin. He hasn't been around since the fight with Dad. I wanna see Alvin too. Am I a fifth-grader now? I finished fourth grade. And in September you start the fifth- grade. Then you'll be a fifth-grader. - So what am I now? - Now? Now you're a nudge. Hey Mister Simkowitz. Is Alvin around? - Alvin? - Yeah, my cousin. I wanted to... You tell him, he shows his face around here I'll have the police on him. You tell your thief cousin. Another British raid is staged on the Nazi-occupied French coast near Boulogne, and here are some of the commandos who took on that mission. As you'll no doubt notice, they travel light on these occasions, comfort and lightness of equipment make for speed, and speed is the essence of these commando operations. Landing at an early hour in the morning... They quickly threw the enemy defenses into a state of confusion. One German machine gun burst reportedly fired point blank at another, says British intelligence. - You off today? - No, working nights. The raid went like clockwork. Much ado about nothing. The Brits are getting their ass kicked left and right, so any two-bit thing they can crow about... What else can they say? We're losing the goddamn war? So Dunkirk becomes a victory. We lose France and have to swim for their lives. They talk about it like it's winning. Any more winning and Hitler will end up in London. War talk in Washington. F.D.R. sells ships to England. Republicans say American neutrality at risk. - War talk in Washington. - Hey. I'll take one. - Republicans say American... - Keep the change, kid. War talk in Washington. F.D.R. sells ships to England. Republicans say American neutrality at risk. Come on, you son of a bitch. Come... Come to daddy... - Fuck me. - Hey, Shush, you'll bust it. Alvin, he busts that machine, it's my ass. Come on, tough guy. - You're a punk, you know that? - Ease up, Shush. Walk. - Your mother didn't want to eat? - She didn't want to take the bus. She'll be fine. I'll make a plate and take it back to her. I coulda picked her up on my way home. - She didn't want to impose. - Impose? I pick up my mother-in-law, what, twice a week for dinner? What's a third? - It's fine. - Boys, you're late. Everyone's hungry. - Wash your hands, please. - Okay. So, Ev, you looking for some work over the summer? I've gotta find something. If I have to stay home with that woman until September I'll go mad. Herman's looking for a bigger house. If that happens then mom could live with us for a while, and you could have... Dad, where's Alvin? No idea where Alvin is or where he's staying. Alvin can take care of himself. So Mom, what were you saying about Nana coming to live with us? Just if we got a whole house of our own, we'd take a turn taking care of Nana. - Could you come and live with us, too? - No, she'd live by herself. - But Aunt Ev, you'd be sad all alone. - Not if you boys visited her. - Aren't you gonna tell them? - No, and you aren't either. But what if the police are looking for Alvin? What if they come here... Shut up. No one is looking for him and it's none of your business. I just wish I could be more of a help to you. It's not right that you have to take care of her all by yourself. You have a family to raise. And because of that, this is your problem only? It's not fair, Ev. I'm the oldest. Was it necessary for us to become so deeply involved? Who is responsible for changing... But I do have a favor to ask. Could you cover for me tomorrow? I wanted to meet Angelo in New York. - I know you don't approve. - It's just... - Yeah, not Jewish. I know. - And married. But he's getting a divorce. And that was happening long before he met me. Bess, I told you this. I am no homewrecker. It's hard for Angelo, he's got children and he's doing the best he can. - You could meet someone still, Ev. - I met him. So he's not Jewish. So what? I'll check in on Mom and I'll bring her over for dinner tomorrow. Come on, Bess. I'm happy. Oh, honey. You are the best. Thanks. And who are these war agitators? Who are these voices that want to drag us into another European conflict? Well, I will tell you. - In fact, tonight... - Roosevelt? Lindbergh. The sonofabitch. And in doing so I know that I am talking about powerful elements that are pushing the United States into this new war. The three most important groups are the British, the Jewish People and the Roosevelt Administration. Bess! All of these groups have their reasons for wanting America in this war, but are they what Americans should want? You hear? He's calling us war agitators. Listen to that crowd. He's feeding them raw meat. ...honesty and vision can look on their pro-war policy here today without seeing the dangers involved in such a policy both for us and for them. A few far-sighted Jewish people realize this and stand opposed to intervention. But the majority still do not. We cannot blame them for looking out for what they believe to be their own interests, but we must also look out for ours. We cannot allow the natural passions and prejudices of other peoples... Other people, us and them, our interests. We're Americans, you fascist son of a bitch... - Herman, quiet, just listen. - You lousy traitor. Thank you... I bet he's on stage right now wearing that goddamn medal that Goering put on his chest. - This fucking Nazi sonofabitch... - Herman, the children. They should hear what this good for nothing turncoat is saying... Both races, I admire. But I am saying that the leaders of both the British and the Jewish races, for reasons which are as understandable from their... This is how it starts: Everyone thinking they can work with the guy, that they'll bring him around. It's like Hitler. Everyone thinking he doesn't mean what he says... Exactly. What's happening? And they said nothing. When a man tells you he's a sonofabitch, believe him. Same with the America Firsters with all their crap about keeping pure European blood free from inferior blood? Which, by the way, they mean us... Of course, it's us. It's always us. But this, with Lindbergh, he's giving permission. He's a goddamn hero, so if he says it, every anti-Semite has permission. The Lone Eagle! He flew across the ocean! He wouldn't lie. He's a great American... Newspapers and the radio guys, they all lap it up. Well they lap it up 'cause it's Lindbergh. Coughlin says it, or even Henry Ford, they argue back. - No one will go after Lucky Lindy. - Is he going to run for president? - Against Roosevelt? He'd be a putz. - He's a hero. As you said. A hero. A hero now. But if the Republicans run him against Roosevelt? After all he did to get us out of this Depression. - Who says we're out of it? - Worst is over. Says you. A lot of people still aren't earning what they once did. I know plenty still out of work. People aren't patient. Not with Roosevelt, not with anybody. - And no one wants another war. - That's for sure. Roosevelt's a professional politician, a leader. - Lindy's an airplane pilot with opinions. - Horseshit opinions. If the Republicans are that stupid, Roosevelt will mop the floor with him. I remember the parade when he came home. The ticker-tape? - Yeah, sure. Remember? - I remember it... My father, he took off work that day and we took the Tube into the city. And he put me up on his shoulders to see Lindy come down Broadway. - So what? - So I still remember how I felt. And now? That's still who he is. Not to us. Not now. Not in this neighborhood. But to the rest of the country. He's still that man in the little plane... Boys, it's late. Back to bed. What's in my heart should be in his head. Always blamin' the Jews. Win or lose, there's a lot of hate out there and he knows how to tap into it. Boys still upstairs? Still in pajamas. Celebrating their first day out of school I'd say. If you're ready, I can drop you at your mother's. Okay. What are you gonna do? Are you gonna tear them up? - You're keeping them? - Don't tell. But Mom and Dad saw them already. Everybody has. - Anyone asks, I threw 'em away. - Suppose they find them? How will they do that? Just keep your little trap shut and no one will find anything. And Mom and Dad make me tear up my sketches, they'll make you tear up your Lindbergh stamp. I'm not gonna say nothing. Evelyn. - You sure it's okay I don't come in? - Sure. But if you really want to... Enjoy the newsreels. Give my love to your mother. - Ma, you gotta eat something. - Not hungry. Where's your sister? She had plans. I'm here. And you're coming to dinner with us tonight. - Herman's gonna pick us up after work. - Your sister is with her man. What kind of man doesn't show himself to the girl's mother. I know what kind. Shegetz. - You don't know that. - A mother knows. If he was Jewish, she would have brought him home by now. Thank god your father's dead. Ma, look at me. Bess, where's Evelyn? Two bits, each hour. What can I tell you? It ain't Jersey. Yes, sir. Mister Hatcher will see you now. There's our new district manager. Sorry to keep you waiting. Please sit. We better get up. Already? Yeah. It's quarter past, reservation's for six o' clock. Yeah. About that... You didn't forget? Steak at Keens. I gave you the number. Ev, I gotta get back tonight. I brought a suitcase. Why didn't you say something? She invited people. Neighbors. I can't miss dinner tonight. So why not be honest? Angelo. - Hey, talk to me. - Come on, Ev. You see me and all the blood leaves your head. And you get a taste of fruit and then everything changes. Angelo, I thought you knew what you wanted. I told you before. Leaving my family would kill my mother. What about my mother? What the hell am I supposed to tell her about us? I can't get a divorce. Not now. Not until the kids grow up some. Can't or won't? This is supposed to be something fun. I didn't come here for a shakedown. You know my situation by now. Angelo... Angelo, wait. Stay. Room's paid for. Philip, good for you. But there will only be four of us. Nana isn't feeling up to dinner. Sandy, could you bring up the laundry from the basement? - Mom. - Philip, I'm busy, what is it? Is something the matter? What is it? - Took you long enough. - I just heard about it today. So Alvin finally owned up to it? For the life of me I don't know what's wrong with the boy. I'm just... I'm sorry I asked you to take him on. Strange thing, he's a good worker, smart, learns quick, mechanical. I had him working in the bay. Hell, he learned how to do stuff on the new cars I don't even know. Rewire the electrical on the new shortwaves, or adjust frequencies. He's a damn smart kid. Irv, I gotta ask: you call the police about it? - I was waiting for you to come around. - Thank you. How much? Fifty-three. I can give you ten now. I'll have the rest by Friday. The things we do for blood. What else am I gonna do? Both of his parents dying young. I'm the uncle. I'm supposed to do something. - You hear the speech last night? - Oh, the sonofabitch. - I couldn't believe what I was hearing. - The goyim. Sharpening knives again. It's so bad, even a few Republicans broke ranks. Dewey and Wilkie both came out against him. I didn't hear that. The latest news this morning is Lindbergh resigned his reserve commission in the Army. Says he won't serve under F.D.R. as a Commander in Chief. Traitor. Flat out. My brother was in Berlin back in '32. He wrote to us about what Goebbels and Hitler were up to. The government there, they played by the rules. The Nazis? They made a joke of every damn rule. And now, here's F.D.R. playing with his one hand tied behind his back like this is some kind of gentleman's sport. Mark my word, if Roosevelt don't do something soon, there's gonna be hell to pay. Your brother? He get out? I haven't heard from him in two years. I could use a beer. Yeah? What about the money from old man Simkowitz? Nah, that's long gone. I'm not just bent, I'm flat broke. - You went through all of it? - It wasn't exactly a pile. Yeah, enough to get me fired, asshole. Yeah, sorry about that, but I got an idea though. You know Mickey Egan, right? The bookie? Yeah him. So he's got this kid running his numbers in Hillside. And I've been eyeing this kid. He's real sloppy. We can take him. So that's your big idea? We're gonna rob a policy runner? Sorry, just lemme get this straight. So we jam this kid, we take his money and then we run back to Weequahic and call 'Oily Oily Oxen Free.' Yeah we're safe and sound, we're no problems. - There's no problems at all. - My uncle will cover for us. - Shush, your uncle is in Philly. - So? He ain't shit here in Jersey. Look, Mickey Egan has the sloppy kid covered. Longy and his guys have Egan covered. And the New York mob, yeah? They have Longy covered. The strong eat the weak, not the other way around, Shush. And that's the way the world works. You want to commit suicide, go ahead, but count me out. - The world fuckin' stinks. - Yeah? Yeah, no kidding. I drove to New York today. Spoke to Hatcher about the promotion. And? He heard me out. I told him I wasn't going to take the position. What did he say? He said, 'Good luck, Levin.' He wasn't angry? Bess, Hatcher is a gentleman of the old school. He doesn't waste his time getting angry at someone like me. I'm small potatoes. What about Karl? He put you up for the promotion... You know what he told me when I got back? He said the Union office is full of drunks. Famous for drunks. He didn't want to say anything to influence my decision. But he told me Id'a been the head Jew, the big sheeny boss the goyim are all dying to work for. I was supposed to go and pick them up off the barroom floor. You can imagine how they would've loved me. No, I'm better off where I am. I hope I didn't... Honey, I did what I did. That's the end of it. We're going to be fine. Hey, Seabiscuit, look at me. - Good boy. - Good boy. You training horses now, kid? Now you can draw its ass. What do I need the horse for? You can model that. - Hey. You little runt... - Hey, just cut the crap, Shush. Why don't you go over to the game. I'll catch up. Alright. Hey good one, Sandy. Pretty funny. Well, can I see? Damn, you are good. - Alvin? - What? I stopped by the gas station. I had your sketch. - What? So you think I'm a thief? - No. No, it's just Mister Simkowitz... Simkowitz said I was a thief. Look, just between me and your buddy over there, I'm a lot of things, kiddo, but a thief, I'm not. You're too young to understand now. But there comes a time in a guy's life where a guy has to stick up for a friend. Even if the friend isn't always the brightest bulb. Good, we square? All right. Now you'll have to excuse me, Picasso, there's some guys in the alley behind the barbershop and they're just begging to lose their beer money. - Hey, Philip. - Hi, Earl. - Who's at the door, Earl? - A friend from school. - Louise, this is my friend, Philip. - Glad to meet you, Philip. Earl, there's a plate of cookies on the counter. I'm sorry, I have to run. It's nice meeting you, Philip. Bye. - Who was that? - That's my mom. You call your mom by her first name? Yeah, she likes it. She thinks it's hip. - Hip? - Hip, you know, cool. It's what musicians say. My Dad plays in the Glen Gray Casa Loma Orchestra. It's a swing band. And Louise used to be their singer. She made a record. You want to hear it? Yeah, sure. He wanted it to go on like that. I'd be the mistress, never the wife. I'm sorry, Ev. Where did all the boys go? There used to be so many. - Maybe that was the problem. - Come on, you'll meet someone. Who, the plumber, when he comes to fix mom's sink? - Stop, you're beautiful. You're bright. - I'm gonna die an old maid. Ev, we can work something out. I can stay with Mom more. I'll talk to Herman. Maybe he can still take the promotion. Then we'll have a house, a room for Mom. Now you stop. I couldn't live with myself if I let you move the boys to Union. It's not your fault. It's just the way things worked out. When my Dad's touring with his band he sends airmail stamps postmarked from cities everywhere. Here's one from Honolulu, Oahu. That's part of Hawaii. I saw that one in the book. My Dad went to a private home in Honolulu to see the canceled two-cent Hawaiian 'Missionary' stamp of 1851. Did you ever see it? Dad sent me a picture of it. It's worth a hundred thousand dollars. Want some more cookies? We have all kinds. - No, thanks. - Okay. Let's do something awful. Come on. Take a look over here. You can touch 'em. Can't hurt 'em none. - Cool, huh? - Yeah. Hip. You can touch these too. No, that's okay, Earl. ...Have an innate responsibility to raise them up with purpose and we must come to understand that the classroom is 'the life garden of human flowers in which the child is helped to grow in an atmosphere of joy and gladness.' For it is the classroom where American ideals are instilled. Ideals we need in these troubled times. Where there can be no divided allegiance. We have room for but one flag, the American flag. Thank you. - I didn't think you'd make it. - I'm very tired. I almost didn't come. You missed all the speeches. The Mayor already came and left, and the superintendent and then that rabbi with the concluding prayers and remarks. Rabbi? So, I met the new math teacher. He's younger than I thought. From Boston. Met his wife too. She'll be teaching third in the fall, but maybe I misheard and it's their daughter... I can't remember. And what is best for our country, is best for us. We fight them over there, or we fight them here. Lindbergh's all wet. Perfectly fine to disagree. However... It appears as if our dialogue has drawn two lovely ladies to us. This is my wife, Tess, and our colleague Evelyn Finkel. Evelyn's a substitute at Hawthorne Avenue and has been an officer of the teachers union for the last few years. Call me Lionel. Evelyn. A beautiful name for a beautiful lady. Tell me about your work for the teachers union. - Oh, please. I'm one of many. - Modest as well. I am very pleased to make your acquaintance. Brought to you by Jergens, the lotion for soft, smooth, romantic hands. And now here is Walter Winchell... Good evening, Mister and Missus North and South America and all the ships and clippers at sea, let's go to press. Flash: Mineola, New York. Herr Lindbergh's announcement yesterday that he is seeking to become the Republican nominee for president and to challenge Franklin Roosevelt on an isolationist, pro-fascist platform has revealed the Lone Eagle to be the Lone Ostrich, sticking his head in the sand to avoid the terrible threat facing our great nation. Damn right. It appears Herr Lindbergh wants to be the second Neville Chamberlain, and like Chamberlain, he's swallowed hook, line and sinker the lie that Hitler and the vicious thugs around him are eager to turn their swords into plowshares. Sorry, Herr Lindbergh, peace for our time cannot be bought with words on a piece of paper and the American people won't be fooled. Flash: Berlin. Herr Hitler and Hermann Goering are slapping hands together and jumping around with delight, knowing they bought Herr Lindbergh with a cheap Nazi medal and a pack of lies. Flash: London. Prime Minister Churchill put to lie Herr Lindbergh's faith in the Little Corporal when he said, and I quote, 'The Battle of France is over...' - Look what the cat dragged in. - Herman... What the hell is wrong with you? I gave you a roof over your head. Food on the table. I went out on a limb for you, got you that job. And you drag the Levin name through the mud? You're nothing but a common thief. You think your roof, your food, gives you the right? Even in court, the defendant gets to tell his side of the story. But oh no, not in this house. You didn't even have the guts to tell me you lost the job because you stole. - Herman. - What other side is there? - Herman, this doesn't help. - Let him be, Aunt Bess. I just came for my things. - I need my coat from the back hall. - Keep an eye on the silverware. Herman. Sorry you had to hear that, boys. - Dad was really mad. - Alvin told me he didn't do it. I think he took the blame for one of his friends. - Did you tell Dad? - Alvin told me not to say nothing. I lost my temper. I was wrong. We're family and this evening, I forgot that. I'll find your cousin and apologize. Lindbergh is just another Father Coughlin. And now for the Golden Hour of the Shrine of the Little Lindy. He'll probably show up back here before I can track him down. Dewey came out against him. Of course, he did, he's not trying to be number two to a phony. - You gotta get involved. - Like a weight lifted off my shoulders. Herman, what'd you think? Whatever Walter Winchell left standing tonight, F.D.R. will tear down tomorrow. The Lone Ostrich. Shush wasn't lying. They really got you. - I don't even know how they knew. - That you were a Jew? They always know. Last time I ever go to Union alone, I'll tell you that. Fuckin' krauts. Thanks for this. I'll give you some rent money when I'm back on my feet. Sofa in the back room upstairs will have to do. There's sheets and a pillow in the closet down the hall. Just make sure to be out of here before my dad opens at ten, okay? - You really wanna do this? - I'm tired of turning my cheek. Where he at? Shit, give him a second. You coming? The Carthay Circle Theatre is the setting for a colorful premiere of the new Warner Brothers screen triumph... All This And Heaven Too, Rachel Field's famous novel. James Stewart attends the gay-la opening with Olivia de Havilland. And about twenty thousand are on hand for the festivities. Mister and Missus Jack Warner come with Elsa Maxwell of party fame. And now the still men seem bent on shooting somebody. Hey fellas... - Isn't this late for you? - Looking for my nephew. Haven't seen him. My intention in running for the presidency is to preserve American democracy by preventing America from taking part in another world war. Your choice is simple: It is not between Charles A. Lindbergh and Franklin Delano Roosevelt. It is between Lindbergh and war. Already got the asshole's picture up. Fuckin' Lindy. They think Lindbergh can win. He can. With the Battle of France over and Nazi Germany the clear victor, the Battle of Britain is now on. The German Luftwaffe started by sending waves of planes to attack the southern coast of England, bombing British airfields and coastal defenses before making their way back to French territory. The Luftwaffe soon expanded their attacks beyond the English Channel, with bombings on R.A.F. bases and British convoys moving... - They look kinda drunk. Is that fair? - L'chaim. All over Nazi-controlled Poland, Jews and other so-called undesirables have been rounded up en masse by the Third Reich to separate them from the greater population. While some Polish Jews have fled to the Soviet Union in the face of last year's German invasion, many more have been rounded up and put into segregated ghettos throughout the major cities, including Warsaw, Lodz, and Bendzin, as well as the free city of Danzig. Yeah, that sounds great. What's this? Shit. - Fuck. - Cock sucker. Fucking Jew. Fucking kike. Luxembourg, Albania and now France all seeing the swastika fly above their soil as Hitler's Third Reich attempts to curtail the activities and movements of Bolsheviks, Jews, and the their sympathizers... Nazi shit. Across the world key Nazi ally Imperial Japan makes a similar march across the continent of Asia. Already occupying Manchuria, Taiwan, parts of Mainland China and Korea, with its armed forces now threatening French Indochina... - Fuck. I'll kill you. - Come on. Fucking shit. Stay down! - Hey, let's go. Come on! - Kraut sons of bitches. Fuck. Let's go. What's going on? That's for Daniel you Nazi fucks! - Go. Come on. - Kraut sons of bitches. Sheeny bastards! Yes! Lindberg Considers Run For U.S. President 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 