One Day at a Time: Season 4, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 One Day at a Time 
 s4e2 - Penny Pinching - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 One Day at a Time (2017–…): Season 4, Episode 2 - Penny Pinching - full transcript 
 After a disastrous evening, Penelope realizes she needs to change her relationship to money and do the unthinkable: buy something new; meanwhile Elena struggles to make it to an important e-sports match. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  -A Pop original series. -It's so nice to  meet all of you. Thank you for taking me  to dinner, Ms. Alvarez. -Oh, well, it's not every day that Alex gets a new girlfriend, and even though that day  was four weeks ago, it's nice to finally meet you.  -I'm sorry. I don't know what  I was worried about. -So... ...Nora... ...how did you meet my Papito? -It's actually  a really funny story. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 See, Alex was at his locker,  and I come up and said, "Cool sneakers." -And then I said... -And we've been together  ever since. -God, it's so easy  being straight. -Has he said he loves you? No? Ohh. He has said it to me. -Okay.  Elena's gay, Alex is a catch, and you are making  everyone uncomfortable. So, here.  Let's look at the menus 'cause we have to order before  6:00 to get happy hour prices. Waiter, we're ready.  I'll have the sliders. Mami? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 -I'll have the pot stickers, unless they have  actual pot in them. The chronic does not  agree with me. -You're good. And for you? -Hey! -Burger!  -Salad! -Elena, you're up.  -Yes. I have a few questions about the almond-crusted salmon salad. How is the salmon raised? -It's raised in price  after 6:00! ♪ This is it ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, whoa ♪ ♪ One day at a time ♪ -And then my abuelo said, "En esta casa no hay  fanaticos de los Red Sox!" [ Laughter ] -I do not care. If Alex hasn't said it, I will. I love you! -Yeah, and I usually  only say this to whatever mirror  is closest to me, but you're a freakin' delight. -It is so nice to finally  have a young Latina around who speaks Spanish! -I speak Spanish.  -I'm young. -You know what, Mom?  I meant to ask, can I borrow the car tomorrow so I can go see the Overwatch  League finals, por favor? -You mean that thing where you  watch nerds play video games? -Joke's on you. "Nerds" isn't an insult anymore. -It's not a compliment. -Anyway, my two favorite teams  are playing -- the LA Gladiators  and the Shanghai Dragons. -Yes, you can take the car  to the match as long as you promise not to tell me about it after... and if you drop everyone else  off for their errands first. -The Overwatch League finals  and I get to make an itinerary? Did this just turn into  the best weekend ever? -[ Laughs ]  You're hilarious! -She wasn't joking. -Okay.  We got the check. Don't freak out.  -Okay. You know the words  "don't freak out" usually make me freak out  and cost me money. -Thank you again for taking me  to dinner, Ms. Alvarez. I was super-nervous to meet you,  but you guys are fun! -Are you kidding me?! Excuse me.  Excuse me. Um, a couple of these items  were charged at full price and not happy hour price. -Oh, yeah.  I put those in after 6:00. -Okay, but we ordered them  before 6:00. -Oh, yeah, but it goes by when they're entered  into the system, so... -What's this? I don't know. I mean, are you some genie  and this magically makes me a millionaire that can afford  full-price pot stickers? This is happy hour! -Yep, seems real happy. -She's not usually like this.  -No, that's true. She's always like this. -Okay. You know what? I want to speak to the manager. -I am the manager. -Oh, really?  -Mm-hmm. -Mm-hmm.  The server is the manager? -Yep. Mm.  -Oh, really? Do you think it's my first time  complaining in a restaurant? -I definitely do not. Whatever.  I'll take off the charge. -Oh, good! And you can use  my last two wishes -- Unh! Unh! -- to conjure up  a better attitude and a freakin' apology! Pssh! It was so lovely  to meet you, Nora. -I can't believe you embarrassed  me in front of Nora like that for $13 and a brownie that  the waiter definitely spit on! -So, what, you want to  impress her by making her think you're some big shot  who doesn't care about money? -No. I want to impress her  by making her think I don't have a crazy mother. -Ooh. Well, now you're just  not being realistic. -If Nora breaks up with us  over this, I will never forgive you! -Oh, my God! Everybody, relax! I was fine! -Fine?  -Yeah. -[ Scoffs ]  I know it's good to save money, but maybe the first time  meeting my girlfriend isn't the right time to threaten  to "burn this mother down." -I agree with that.  -Oh, my God! Oh! Schneider, what the hell?! I'm used to you coming  in the door unannounced, but now you're coming out  of the furniture?! -I'm trying to fix  your janky couch because someone's too cheap  to buy a new one. It's you. Come on, Pen. You're making that sweet  nurse practitioner money now. -Yeah, but I still have to  be careful how I spend it. You know, it starts  with full-priced pot stickers. Next thing you know, you're  living in a cardboard box, making soup  out of cigarette butts. -That seems a little extreme. -You don't know what I know. You think MC Hammer thought  he was gonna go broke? He had the biggest pants, and now he's got nothing  to put in them. -Pen, you have what's called  a scarcity mind-set. Even though you have money now,  you don't act like it. -Oh.  So I should act like you? "Hi. I'm Schneider. I wipe my butt with $100 bills." -That is a hurtful  rich-person stereotype! I have a custom marble bidet! -Well, can you use it  on your mouth? 'Cause there's a lot of crap  coming out of there! -I'm telling you, Pen, you need to change  your relationship with money. Spend it on something.  Treat yourself. Like, finally get a new couch. -Why? This one is fine. -F-Fine? It's covered in rips,  lumps, and this. -That's just a little leak. -Couches are not hooked up  to plumbing. Pen, your sofa is crying. -Okay. I've got our itinerary  all planned out. First, Alex, I will drop you off so you can buy  your stupid sneakers. Then I will drop Abuelita off  at the fish market and get to the Overwatch finals before the first gladiator  is fragged. -Ay, por favor. None of those nerds  is getting fragged. Anyways, I need to be dropped  at the fish market first, before all of the Cuban crabs  are gone. -Cuban crabs? -The strongest ones  claw their way to the top, so they're the first to go. Those are the Cuban crabs. -I can't drop you off  before Alex. I just got my license,  so I'm not allowed to drive anyone under 20  unless an adult is present. -Does it have to be me?  -No. Any adult who can sit there  and do nothing -- a seat-filler, a flesh bag. -I have just the person. -They said staring at the phone  doesn't make it ring. It may have taken 20 years,  but I proved 'em all wrong! [ Laughs ] -The perfect Sunday -- just me, the TV, and my boyfriend,  Chester Cheetah. "Whassup, girl? I'm about to get all up  in yo' mouth." Oh, God! That's not good. -Alright. I -- Okay. Alright.  I know I agreed, but I thought about it,  and I don't need a new sofa. -It broke in half, Pen. -Yeah.  Now I got two love seats. -Come on. You can afford it.  It's gonna be okay. -Will it? Then why am I  sweating like a couch? -They're not supposed to be wet! Trust me, I know you don't like  to spend money frivolously, so I did a ton of research  about where we should go, and I made sure to pick the  store with the funniest name. -Welcome to Sofa So Good. -Ha ha ha! So good! -Can I just let you off here?  -If you stop first. -Fine. [ Sighs ] Alright.  This is working. I'm gonna make it  to the Overwatch League. -I love it when a plan  comes together. -Oh, my God. Right.  You're still here. Um, I mean, at least now  we can use the carpool lane. -Yes!  Flesh bag to the rescue! Your grandmother told me  about my new nickname. I'm fine with it. -Okay. Um, so when we get there, you  can just hang out in the car. -Well, actually, I was hoping  to join you for the match. -Do you know anything  about e-sports? -Do you know anything  about loneliness? -Alright, let's do this! [ Cellphone rings ]  Oh. Hello? -I need to be picked up!  It is an emergency! -What?  -I told the bus driver I have a huge case of crabs,  and he just drove away! -See? It's okay.  He's not gonna hurt you. He's friendly. Okay, good. So, which one  do you want to take home? -Can I help you find something? -I am definitely not ready  for you, Shawn. -Hey, Pen, how 'bout this one?  Oh, yeah. Come on in. The leather is warm. -I'm not getting  a black leather couch. I'm not a movie producer  from the '90s. -I was. -You see?  Shawn lost all his money. -Thanks for that trip  down memory lane. -Come on, Pen. Just try sitting  on one of these. -Ooh. My butt likes this one. -Your butt has very good taste. And check this out.  -No, but don't do that! -Oh, no, no.  Don't worry. See, the sofa's treated  with Spillguard, and the liquid  just pools harmlessly on it. -Yeah, but you wasted  a perfectly good soda. -Just picture it, Pen -- our family sitting  on this couch juntos. "Hey, Pen, will you  pass me the remote?" -"No, Schneider! Get the hell  out of my apartment!" [ Gasps ] This feels right. Oh-ho, yeah,  that's -- that's pricy, but I-I think I can swing it.  -Yes! -Terrific! Now, a lot of people  get the sofa-bed option, just in case you want  to have a guest over, so -- -Yes, we want that.  -No, we definitely do not  want that. -Okay. Uh, would you like  to open a store credit card? -Does it have zero interest?  Because I do. -You did it!  -I did it. -You bought a new couch!  How do you feel? -[ Vomits ] -I guess we'll take  that rug, too. -Maybe I can still take the bus  and tell the driver these are  emotional-support crabs. -Forget it. I am not stopping  again for anything. [ Cellphone rings ]  No! What do you mean, you decided  not to buy the shoes? Shoes are your  entire personality! -Okay. I thought about it,  and I realized these ones are what  brought me and Nora together. I couldn't replace them. -Aww, qué romántico. -I also can't replace my shoes, mostly because I have a  condition called "raptor foot." I'm -- I'm very hard to fit. -Anyways, just  drop me off at home.  -Uh, no. I've already missed  the first two matches, and we're almost at the arena,  so we're all going. Great.  The parking lot's full. -Well, you'll just park  somewhere else. -Yeah, like at home. -I'm not gonna miss the final. -Ohh! Spot! Spot! -Ohh! Oh, you're right!  -Ohh! -An open meter, and it's  Sunday -- free parking! We're gonna make it!  Whoo! -♪ We are gonna make it!  We are gonna make it! ♪ -Wait! I don't want to make it! -Yes! Yes, we do!  I can't go home. There's nothing waiting  for me except darkness. Let's do this!  -Yeah!  -Yeah! -Alright, I'm getting that spot.  Hold on. [ Tires screech ]  -Whoa! Ohh! Aah! Aah! If these are emotional-support  crabs, they're not working. -Yeah. Just like that. Ha!  You know how I like it. Oh, you know what to do  with that butt. -That's exactly what I say  to my bidet. Feels good to spend  a little coin, huh? -I know. I did it! I did it!  I made peace with money! I'm good! We're good!  We're more than good! We're lovers!  Now leave us. -Okay. So, I did what you asked,  and I put the old couch  out on the curb, but doesn't it really belong  in the Alvarez Museum? -The Alvarez Museum is just  a couple of awards and knickknacks in the hallway. -Oh, right. It's definitely not a collection  of memorabilia from your family that I set up  in an empty apartment  on the sixth floor called the Alvarez Museum Norte. -Okay. I am too happy  to be creeped out. I love this couch.  I love it. I had the best nap of my life. And look -- my drool  just wipes right off. -See? Spending a little money didn't set off a chain of events that led  to some doomsday scenario. -Okay.  Don't freak out. -Don't freak out?  I don't need this today. I already barfed on an area rug. -Okay.  Maybe you should sit down. -Whoa!  Love the new couch! It must have been  really expensive. -You're not helping.  -You're not helping. -What happened?  -First of all, as you can see, everyone's okay,  except maybe Dr. B. -It was exhilarating to watch athletes  with the same body type as me. Shields up! Shields up! That's the LA Gladiators'  slogan. I stan them. -Just tell me what happened. -I got nachos.  -Not you! You!  -Okay. Well, um, when we finally  got to the game, the parking lot was full,  so I parked on the street, and it's important to know that at this point in the story, we are ahead $8. -And then? -And then... while we were in the game, the car was broken into  and the window was smashed. Which is probably  how the pigeon got in. I don't know what he ate,  but it did not agree with him. Anyway, we chased  the pigeon away, but we probably should have  closed the car door first, 'cause it got hit by a scooter.  -What? -No, no, no, no.  Don't worry. The guy's fine. I know because he got up  and scooted away. Unfortunately, the car door  kind of chased him. So, just to recap, I saved us $8,  and some other stuff happened. -Shields up. -It's only money. -What?!  -Whoa! -Yes! I did this! -No, I-I am so glad  you're not mad, 'cause I was a little worried, because I left my laptop  on the seat, and that's probably  why they broke in. -You left your laptop  in the car?! -It's only money? -How many times have I told you not to leave valuable stuff  visible in the car?! -I know. I know.  I-I made a mistake. -Yeah, you did --  a really dumb one. How can someone so smart  do something so stupid? We'll talk about this later. -This is why I took my crabs  into the nerd show... ...although, after six hours... I don't think we should  eat them anymore. -Hey.  -Hey. -So, listen, I'm sorry  I got so upset. But I need you to understand  where I'm coming from. Money and I have never  had a great relationship. You know how Abuelita  lives with us? Well, for a while there,  we lived with her, because when your papi left,  I couldn't afford the rent. I mean, so, like, we're --  we're good now, but those feelings,  they don't just go away, because you're always  one catastrophe away from being broke. But I know I need to loosen up. I know that $13 pot stickers  is not a catastrophe. It's a rip-off,  but it's not a catastrophe, and neither is this. -You're right, 'cause I have  a plan to pay for everything. I can sell my hair or my blood  or my eggs, 'cause they're still  young and fresh.  -Okay, whoa. Don't give away  my grandchildren. -Okay, but I-I can use  all the money I have saved. -You have money saved?  -Yeah. I've had a system  since I started working as Schneider's assistant. For every dollar I spend,  I put $2 into savings. -Really? I didn't know  you were so good with money. -I'm trying.  I can show you. I track all of my spendings and  savings on this spreadsheet... ...that was on my laptop. [ Sighs ] -It's okay. We have insurance,  and we'll figure the rest out. -Okay, but I'm gonna work  a bunch of extra shifts  for Schneider so I can help pay  for that new computer. -Yeah, that's what I mean by  "we'll figure the rest out." But I am proud of you. Hearing all this makes me feel  like I've done something right. -Yeah, well, I learned  from the master. You've had the same Ziploc  since I was a kid. You replaced the zipper  like five times. -That was your  great-grandmother's Ziploc. And one day you'll pass it on  to your kids. -In this moment, I'll pretend  I'm gonna have kids. -Oh, thank you, baby.  Thank you. Mind if we join you?  -Siéntate. Ahh. [ All sigh ]  -Ahhhhhh. -Is it just me, or does the new  couch make our TV seem smaller? -Well, if we're buying a new TV, we're gonna need to splurge  on surround sound. -And a state-of-the-art  soft-pretzel carousel. -[ Crying ] -Look at that. Mami's tears  just bead and roll right off. Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 