One Day at a Time: Season 4, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 One Day at a Time 
 s4e5 - Perfect - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 One Day at a Time (2017–…): Season 4, Episode 5 - Perfect - full transcript 
 Penelope is worried when Alex needs a large amount of money right away; Schneider and Avery contend with an unwanted gift from Dr. Berkowitz. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  -How's your essay  going for Yale? Did you pick a topic yet? -Um, I narrowed it down  to a few options. -Maybe you could just send  the whole board and hope for the best. -The website specifically  said not to do that. But I can't get over  how well-rounded I am. I mean, am I too interesting? -No. -Okay, look, each color  represents a different aspect of my life  that is essay-worthy. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Like, red is "Growing Up Cuban," and orange is  "My Dad Abandoned Me But Got Into Recovery,  So We're Cool Now," and purple is just  "General Gay Stuff." -Mm-hmm.  -General Gay Stuff is also my ranking  in the lesbian army. -'Sup, fam?  I was just wondering how the planning  is coming for my quinces. -What the hell  are you talking about? -Oh, well, I thought that  since Elena had a quinces, obviously I would also  be given a party to celebrate my coming of age, this being a house  of gender equality and all. -What the hell  is he talking about? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 -Hey, on the other hand,  if it's too much trouble, you can just give me  the cash instead. -[ Laughing ] Oh! Okay. Now I understand.  You want money. I thought you were woke.  Turns out, you're just broke. I actually love the idea  of throwing you a quinces. -Ooh.  -You do? -Yeah. I mean, you think  it's a special day for you, but, really, it's about  what a great mom I am. I know you came in here  trying to scam us for money, but congratulations,  you played yourself. We're doing this. -Finally, a day  we can focus on Papito! -Oh, my God. We're gonna break gender norms  and have a quinceañer-o! -Whoo-hoo!  -I know! I get a mother-son dance. -And I get a mistaken-for-  your-mother-son dance! -♪ Quinces, Papito, quinces ♪ ♪ Ah, ah, ah!  Quinces, Papito, quinces ♪ ♪ Ah, ah, ah! ♪  -Whoa! Okay, no! Stop. I admit it. I don't really want  a quinceañero. -Yeah, this isn't  about you anymore. ♪ Quinces, Papito, quinces ♪  -Whoo! -I just need $500, okay? -Uh, wha-- $500?! Why? -For once, can't you just  give me $500 without asking any questions? -Papito.  What are you thinking, asking your mommy  for so much money? I'll give it to you. -You know what?  Actually, I would love to see you pull $500  out of there. -Okay, I'm bluffing. I am bluffing,  but don't worry, Papito. I will take it out  of my savings account. I just need to grab my map  and a shovel. -It's fine, Abuelita.  Forget it. I'm sorry I asked. -Should I be worried about that? -Oh, wait, I do have money! It's a ketchup packet. ♪ This is it ♪ ♪ Oh, oh, oh, whoa ♪ ♪ One day at a time ♪ -Hey, Dr. B!  What are you doing here? -I wanted to drop off  an early baby gift. I-I know you're coming by for an  ultrasound in a couple of days, but I wanted you guys  to have this now. -Our first baby gift!  -This is so exciting. -I know. -Thank you so much Dr. -- Aah! -Meet Ruckus the Clown! He's been in my family  for years, and I wanted  to pass him on to you. -I bet you did. -Oh, Ruckus watched over me  when I was growing up. He was my confidant,  he was my caretaker, and the best big spoon  you ever spooned. -Dr. B.  [ Chuckles ] We couldn't possibly  take something so... obviously meant for you.  -Yeah. Get that guy out of here. Right now.  -No, no, no, no, no. I-I've thought about this  long and hard. Ruckus' cold, pale face  is my first memory, and I want that for your child. -I don't... know what to say. -I am glad that you love him  as much as I do! Oh. You know,  you guys remind me so much of when Sophie and I  had our first baby. So full of joy and hope. And then the baby's born  and -- bam -- all gone. Hope and joy is replaced  with fear and regret. Oh, and then you start  turning on each other. And that's when the lawyers  start circling like hyenas around the rotting corpse  of your relationship. Whoa! Got to go. -Welcome home!  -Aah! -I get why she does this.  It's a real power move. -What are you doing back there?  -I'll ask the questions. Why do you need $500? Because I Googled "what does  a teenage boy need $500 for?" and it autofilled with  some really disturbing stuff. -Just forget it. I'm over it. -No, I'm not over it.  I'm spinning out. I'm thinking  "exotic pet deal gone wrong." I-I went on a whole subreddit  about calf implants. Help me out! -Oh, my God. It's nothing bad. But you're gonna think  it's stupid. -At this point, I would love  to think it's stupid. -Okay. I want to take a class... in fashion design. -[ Chuckles ] -See? I knew you'd think  it was stupid. -No.  No, I'm just glad that we don't have to give Elena's room  to a Komodo dragon. No, Alex, I think that's great. -You do?  -Yes. Why didn't you  just tell me that? -I don't know.  It's not academic, and I figured you might think  it's a waste of money. -It is a waste of money. Wait. Why are my curtains  already open? -What do you mean?  You just opened them. -Okay. Pero, Papito,  why pay for a class when the world's  greatest seamstress will teach you for free? I'm talking about myself. -Thanks, Abuelita,  but it's actually a class about street style...  -Oh, I know the streets. How do you think I get  to the farmers market? -Mommy, help. -Don't worry, I'm not gonna  make you go through what I went through with her. -Excuse me? -Do you remember when I wanted  to take that hip-hop class? You said, "Why pay for the class when the world's greatest dancer  can teach for you free? I'm talking about myself." -I did teach you. -There are no castanets  in hip-hop, Mami! -Well, if there were,  it would be popular. Papito. Imagine you and me  wearing matching homemade street outfits. -I am definitely imagining it. -Don't worry, Alex,  you can take the class. But I'm not giving you  the money. I am investing in the future  of fashion, which is you. Oh, I can't wait to see you on  "Project Runway." Not as a contestant, as a judge. 'Cause that's how we do. Oh, plus I'm gonna look  fly as hell, so I'm in! -Oh, my God. Thank you so much, Mami.  You're the best. -Well... I'll get my needle and thread  so I can mend my broken heart. Do you what you need  to do, Mami. I have made up my mind. Alex is taking the class. iY ya! I love this. -What the hell is going on? -Oh, there's my little genius. How's the essay going? -I've got nothing! -What? This looks great. You're just a ball of red yarn away from cracking  this murder case. -No, I stayed up all night writing 15 different essays, only to discover  that all of them sucked! I need Yale to fall in love  with me, and this will just make them  file a restraining order. -Ohh, I'm sure it'll be fine.  -Fine? -Yeah.  -Oh, well, I should just get my GED  and start backpacking. Okay, maybe I'll go back  to my first idea about how I want to put  the "I" in "environmental." -I think you put the "mental"  in "environmental." -Can't even tell if  that's a good idea or not. Okay, yeah, no, I'm fine. Chaos is part of my process. -Hey. -Hey, how was  your fashion class? When does your line come out so I can buy it a year later  at Nordstrom Rack? -Yes, tell us what  the strangers taught you. -Show us, come on.  -Okay. It's just a simple pair  of shorts, and it's my first project,  so don't get too excited. -Aah! Alex! This is really good!  -Thanks. -I mean, I knew you were  crushing it, but, damn, my investment  is paying off already. Mami, didn't he do a great job? -Well, I wouldn't call it  a "street style." You know who wouldn't  be caught dead in these? Dr. Ake. -Do you mean Dr. Dre? -Do you mean Drake? -I said what I said. -Keep up the great work. Nice job, and next week,  I'd like to see a skirt for your mother, the woman  that made this all possible. -I'll see what I can do.  -Okay. Mami, you got to admit,  this is pretty good. -I admit nothing. It's obvious he got  his talent from me. Good clean lines,  good stitching, "made in China." How far away is this class? -Alex didn't make these. He lied to us. -It's worse than you think. "Dry-clean only." -Please tell me  that's your hand on my butt. -I was just thinking about  what Dr. B said. -Oh, my God. Me too. Do you actually think  he expects us to follow  these bath-time instructions? -No, I was thinking about  how he said his marriage fell apart  after kids. -Oh, yeah,  that freaked me out, too. But that's not us. We're totally in love. We've never even had one fight. -You're right. -Why don't I get this guy  out of here? -Yes. Oh, God! I have been waiting for you  to say that. Oh, just make sure no one  sees it in the trash. I don't want it to  get back to Dr. B and hurt his feelings. -Uh...why would I  put him in the trash? I'm taking him  to the baby's room. -What? Oh, you're kidding. It's -- You -- Wait, what? -This guy's awesome. I can't believe Dr. B  was willing to part with him. Honestly, I feel safer. -You are not putting that thing  near our baby's crib. -'Course not. You heard the doc. He's a spooner.  He needs to be in the crib. -He's a creepy serial-killer  doll with polka-dot pants. And he smells like cheese! -He smells like love! And a little bit like Camembert. -Are we really having  our first fight over a -- over a stupid antique clown?! -No, we're having our first  fight over my new best friend! Come on, Ruckus. Ohh!  Buddy, are you okay? -He's not real! -Hey, bud. I just want to say one more time  great job. Really professional. Like something you'd find  in a store. -Thanks. You know,  it took a lot out of me. So I'm just gonna take a nap. -Yeah, you thought  of every detail. I mean, even a receipt.  -You found the receipt? -Well, now I don't have to. If you were really  taking the class, I'd have you make me  a trench coat, 'cause I'm freaking McGruff.  Ruff ruff, ya busted! -I'm sorry. I can explain. -Yeah, you better  'cause you lied to me. -I quit the class. I-I decided I didn't want  to go anymore. [ Sighs ] And don't worry, I got a refund. -Well, why didn't you  just tell me that? I wouldn't make you  keep going to the class if I knew you hated it. I'm not Abuelita pounding  out the counts to "No Diggity" with her chancletas. -I didn't hate it. I loved it. -Okay, now I don't know  what's going on. -I loved it, but I sucked at it,  so I quit. And I bought the stupid shorts so I wouldn't have to have  this conversation. -So what was your plan? You were just gonna keep buying  clothes until I showed up to a fake graduation,  looking fantastic? -I'm not saying  it was a good plan, but that was the plan. -Alex, relax. You only took one class. It's okay not to be perfect. -Not in this family. I mean,  everyone here is "killing it" and "a badass" and "a strong  independent woman." Abuelita came to this country  with nothing, made a whole life for herself. You're a military veteran whose  job is literally saving lives. Elena is gonna get into  every Ivy League school and become the first  doctor-lawyer president. I'm just a dude  with a great smile. -Come on, you're good  at a lot of stuff. -Not fashion. I mean, everybody else  made a pair of shorts. I spent the whole class  trying to thread the stupid sewing machine. I mean, I stabbed my finger  with the needle so many times  that I needed stitches, but I didn't know  how to do them. -Oh, baby. -So I figured that,  if I'm not gonna be great, it's better not to do it, right? -No, you got to keep doing it. -But you already said  I could quit. -Yeah, that's when I thought  you hated it. But now that I know you love it, I expect you to work  until you're miserable. You can't be afraid to fail. What, do you think  I'm gonna love you any less because you're not perfect? -I mean,  I'd rather not find out. -Oh, love. I'm sorry. I never meant to make you  feel that way. Look at me. It's okay to be bad  at some things. Dare to suck! It's the first step  to getting good. And if you love  the fashion thing, you have to keep going back and not be afraid  to be bad at it for awhile. Because you'll get better. We're all learning. It's a process. -Okay. Thanks, Mom. I'll go back to the class.  -Mm. -What's going on?  I heard voices. Oh, wait. They're not coming from in here. -Is this fire out? 'Cause mama's got  a real inferno over there. -Are you insane? Peanut butter is not healthier  than almond butter. -Tell that to the bees, who work their little fingers to the bone so that you can have  your precious "AB&J.;" You want to have a butter fight,  let's have a butter fight! [ Knock on door ]  -Hey, kids. Are we ready for the ultrasound? -You "butter" believe it. -Oh, don't you dare. -You're the one  who bought almond butter. I didn't even get a chance  to weigh in. -Well, next time, you can do  the online shopping. I'm exhausted.  -But -- You're exhausted? -There's your baby. -Oh, my God. That's our baby. It's the most beautiful,  tiniest blob I've ever seen. I'm sorry for everything. -And I'm sorry, too. -Oh, look at you two. If my marriage had one ounce  of this love, Sophie and I might still  just be separated. -To be honest, Dr. B,  we've been on edge since you came over  the other day and told us how kids  ruined your marriage. -Oh, yeah. I -- [ Laughs ] I totally misremembered that. No, no, no. Things didn't go downhill  after we had kids. It was after my wife  slept with her podiatrist. Ah, ironically,  he swept her off her feet. -What the hell, doc? We've been fighting all week  since you said that. -Well, that's just crazy. You two are perfect  for each other. And your baby's perfect, too. -Ooh, can you tell  whether it's a boy or a girl? -Yes, of course.  I'm a doctor. -Sort of did want to know. Hey, but maybe  it'd be fun not to. -You know, I agree. -I'm sorry I got so worked up  about Ruckus. I was such a lonely kid, I-I would've loved  to have a buddy. Any buddy. -Now you have a buddy -- me. And our baby doesn't need  a creepy stuffed companion. 'Cause they'll have us. [ Both laugh ] [ Gasps ] We did it! We get through our first fight! -I can't believe I'm saying  this, but thank you, Ruckus? -Yeah. You know what the best way  to thank him might be? -Hey, Penelope,  you change your hair? Ruckus? "I'm sick. Homesick." Oh, I miss you, too, old fella. -[ Coughs ] -Mami, you think a sign  is gonna stop me. I'm parked in a loading zone  right now. -Okay. Class was great. And... this one I really made. -It's good!  You did good! You see?  This is how you get better. -And I decided,  if I cannot be your teacher, I will be your model. I already slapped  Naomi Campbell, but that's a story  for another time. -Pin a medal  on General Gay Stuff! I finally wrote  the perfect college essay. My adviser said it was the best  one she's read in years. -That's amazing, honey!  Congratulations! You see, look at us! We're all killing it. Although, I'm gonna tell you,  Alex, I'm a little bummed about us  not having a quinceañero. Mostly because I was really  looking forward to that mother-son dance. But, um... [ Cool jazz music plays ]  Uh-oh. Is there one starting now? -Alright.  I guess you deserve this. -Mm, this and you're gonna make  me one of these cool jackets. -♪ You know it might be ♪ -Lucky for you,  I can also rock a vest. Lupita!  -What? -You are getting a ticket!  -Oh, crap! -There is no ticket. -♪ If someone's jealous,  I don't care about them ♪ ♪ I used to study you from... ♪ Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 