Pandora: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pandora 
 s1e2 - Chimes of Freedom - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pandora (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 2 - Chimes of Freedom - full transcript 
 When Atria Nine learns that Adari leader, Seeker Creston Hubbell, will be speaking on campus, she enlists the help of Jax and the study group to stand up against her former masters to help ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously, on Pandora. You're not Professor Osborn. I'm his teaching assistant, Xander Duvall. I feel it incumbent to make sure you're looked after. - What's your name? - Ralen. I'm Jax. This is Greg, Thomas and Atria. How did you convince your master to let you go to the academy? Adari masters aren't known for emancipating their clones. I killed him. I've had to call in more than a few favors to cover for the fact that you stole a ship. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I accompanied the students home on the Earhart. Tereshkova will leave New Portland in 36 hours and return the specimen to Earth. You going to eat those or stare at them 29/7? It's 24/7. You're on Earth now, Jax. I do not understand. They don't appear to provide any nutritional benefit from my analysis of the ingredients. It's not about the nutritional value. It's about the yummy. Perhaps you heard the old Earth expression, "When in Rome." I have not. Just eat them, because if you don't, I definitely will. I second the mouthful. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They do have a pleasing taste. See? What did I tell you? What's going on? Is everything okay? They're calling us in. What is it? What's happened, Jax? The Tereshkova. She's gone. What do you mean, gone? Destroyed. So, what's the deal with the cyber-tech? I've had them since I was six years and four months old. Your parents must have been loaded to afford that kind of pricey hardware. We got by. You're originally from Earth, right? My grandparents settled on Euripides after the migration. How much of that cyber-wear do you have under there? I've heard about subdermal nanite enhancements that allows you to pleasure your partner with... Tell you what. All this small talk isn't really working for me. And, honestly, you looked a lot hotter in your profile holo. Have a nice day. Loser. Who's a loser? Not you if that's what you're worried about, roomie. I wasn't. Did you hear the news? I was on a date. So lame. What's up? The Tereshkova was destroyed returning to Earth from New Portland. How? I'm still trying to find out more information. Apparently it blew up near the asteroid belt. There was a crew of over 150 people on that ship. That's awful. Did you know anyone on board? You seem really shook up. Just hits close to home, I guess. Is there something you're not telling me? Do you think you can log on the datastream and just see what you can sleuth. Sure. Where are you going? I'm late for a game with Greg, Atria and Thomas, I promised I'd be their fourth. Volleyball, huh? You never cared about v-ball until Greg asked you to play. I thought you weren't at the academy to meet boys. I'm not. I lost the two most important people in my life. I'm not looking to care about anyone else. Can you just please let me know what you find out? Yeah. Yeah! Yeah! Mind's not on the game, is it? I'm sorry. I can't stop thinking about all those people who perished on the Tereshkova. And you're wondering if it had anything to do with us. Okay, Jax, it didn't. An EarthCom battle cruiser is one of the most sophisticated pieces of machinery in the universe. There are a million things that can possibly go wrong. How about I help you get your mind off all this, otherwise you're going to drive yourself crazy. What are you doing tonight? I thought you had your med rounds on campus. Yeah, you're right. What are you doing tomorrow night? I don't know. You tell me. I'll let you know. You want to hit the showers? - Oh! - Not with you. Yeah, that-that's not... I-I didn't mean it like that. Bye. I am not going to let a murderer speak on campus. If you think your Seeker can come here and there won't be consequences, you can think again. He's evil. A man who preaches nothing but vile and depraved hate under the guise of religion. On Adar, clones aren't servants, they're slaves. I spent my whole life trying to escape that life. To come here, to the academy and to Earth. And now you're just going to let this serpent-tongued Mephistopheles speak on campus? Atria, I understand how you feel. But this institution is based on the tenets of tolerance and mutual understanding. And, most importantly, free speech and a sharing of divergent ideals. The Seeker's ideals are not divergent. They're depraved. The Adari have enslaved generations of manufactured humans to serve them. I know. I was one of them. Look, his speaking engagement is not an endorsement of his views by the school. Seeker Hubbell was invited by the Adari Student Council. Now, our bylaws are very clear on this point. You of all people should appreciate why cloning is outlawed everywhere else in the Confederacy but in the Adari territories. It's not that I'm not sympathetic to your position. But we have an obligation to be open to all voices, even the ones that we object to. Not to mention, the Adari were a vital ally during the war. They used clones as cannon fodder and broke their own non-aggression pact with Zatar to join Earth. With friends like that, who needs enemies? Atria, please, look at the big picture. If there was one person on campus I thought would understand, it was you, Professor. I guess not. So, what do we really know about what happened to the Tereshkova, Professor? Not nearly as much as we should. The official investigation is already underway. I want you to lead up the unofficial one. For me. What about the specimen that we discovered on New Portland that we were transporting? There's no sign of it in the debris field. Someone or something didn't want that creature brought back to Earth. What do you want me to do? There's an enemy agent on campus who was on board the Tereshkova 48 hours before it was destroyed under suspicious circumstances. I suggest you begin with him. You want me to spy on Ralen? Everyone just wants to pretend it's unicorns and rainbows to keep the Adari happy in case there's another war. I'm sure that's not true. I can't believe EarthCom would sacrifice its values and beliefs for political expediency. I am considerably younger than you, having only been manufactured less than a decade ago, but I'm not nearly as naive, Jax. You're absolutely right, Atria. I can't change what happened to the Tereshkova. But I can make a difference here. I want you to know you're not alone. If Seeker Hubbell has a right to speak, then we have a right to have our voices heard as well. Very loudly. Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! And the maker of all things looked upon our planet, and beheld it was corrupt. And he brought great suffering to the people of Earth. But then, praise be. He offered us a pathway to the stars to find a new home. We embarked unto the stars in our own arks to new worlds for those who heard his word. And I, as his instrument... Your hate has no place here, Seeker! I preach only his divine love, my child. You enslave an entire race and call it love? Hypocritical much? How can we enslave those who have no souls? He has provided them in his grace to serve only us and his word. You've got quite the imagination, I'll give you that. Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! You all right? Lights. Three? It is good to see you again, Nine. Why do you tremble at my touch? If the Seeker were to know I was here, I would be put to death. He won't know. And you can stay here with me as long as you wish. You don't have to go back to Adar. - I must. - No, that's what they tell you. Don't believe it. Look at me. For the first time in my life, I'm happy. I found a place where I fit in and where I'm appreciated for who and what I am. You do not understand. I must go back, because I'm part of the resistance and I need to return to save our sisters and brothers on Adar. And I need your help. He's evil. A man who preaches nothing but vile and depraved hate under the guise of religion. On Adar, clones aren't servants, they're slaves. I spent my whole life trying to escape that life. To come here, to the academy and to Earth. And now you're just going to let this serpent-tongued Mephistopheles speak on campus? Atria, I understand how you feel. But this institution is based on the tenets of tolerance and mutual understanding. And, most importantly, free speech and a sharing of divergent ideals. The Seeker's ideals are not divergent. They're depraved. The Adari have enslaved generations of manufactured humans to serve them. I know. I was one of them. Look, his speaking engagement is not an endorsement of his views by the school. Seeker Hubbell was invited by the Adari Student Council. Now, our bylaws are very clear on this point. You of all people should appreciate why cloning is outlawed everywhere else in the Confederacy but in the Adari territories. It's not that I'm not sympathetic to your position. But we have an obligation to be open to all voices, even the ones that we object to. Not to mention, the Adari were a vital ally during the war. They used clones as cannon fodder and broke their own non-aggression pact with Zatar to join Earth. With friends like that, who needs enemies? Atria, please, look at the big picture. If there was one person on campus I thought would understand, it was you, Professor. I guess not. So, what do we really know about what happened to the Tereshkova, Professor? Not nearly as much as we should. The official investigation is already underway. I want you to lead up the unofficial one. For me. What about the specimen that we discovered on New Portland that we were transporting? There's no sign of it in the debris field. Someone or something didn't want that creature brought back to Earth. What do you want me to do? There's an enemy agent on campus who was on board the Tereshkova 48 hours before it was destroyed under suspicious circumstances. I suggest you begin with him. You want me to spy on Ralen? Everyone just wants to pretend it's unicorns and rainbows to keep the Adari happy in case there's another war. I'm sure that's not true. I can't believe EarthCom would sacrifice its values and beliefs for political expediency. I am considerably younger than you, having only been manufactured less than a decade ago, but I'm not nearly as naive, Jax. You're absolutely right, Atria. I can't change what happened to the Tereshkova. But I can make a difference here. I want you to know you're not alone. If Seeker Hubbell has a right to speak, then we have a right to have our voices heard as well. Very loudly. Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! And the maker of all things looked upon our planet, and beheld it was corrupt. And he brought great suffering to the people of Earth. But then, praise be. He offered us a pathway to the stars to find a new home. We embarked unto the stars in our own arks to new worlds for those who heard his word. And I, as his instrument... Your hate has no place here, Seeker! I preach only his divine love, my child. You enslave an entire race and call it love? Hypocritical much? How can we enslave those who have no souls? He has provided them in his grace to serve only us and his word. You've got quite the imagination, I'll give you that. Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! Go back to Adar! You all right? Lights. Three? It is good to see you again, Nine. Why do you tremble at my touch? If the Seeker were to know I was here, I would be put to death. He won't know. And you can stay here with me as long as you wish. You don't have to go back to Adar. - I must. - No, that's what they tell you. Don't believe it. Look at me. For the first time in my life, I'm happy. I found a place where I fit in and where I'm appreciated for who and what I am. You do not understand. I must go back, because I'm part of the resistance and I need to return to save our sisters and brothers on Adar. And I need your help. With your contacts, you can help rally the resistance to sabotage the cloning factories and inspire a revolution against our Adari masters. If we do it, we'll be on our own. EarthCom will not help. They won't risk alienating the Adari as long as they believe the Zatarian threat remains. Then you must go back to Adar yourself. It's the only way. You have to hide me. If they find me here... Just getting dressed! Be out in a minute! Hold your Zatarian equines! I'm so sorry about what happened today. That was so messed up. Is there anything I can...? Is there anything I can do? There is nothing. Thank you. Do you want to go for a drink, maybe? Not at this time. Well, if there's anything you need, anything at all, just... Just let me know. You know we're all here for you, Atria. I'm here for you. I understand. Well, that wasn't very convincing. We'll have to work on that. The Adari are so repugnant. As if we should be eternally grateful to them for helping us during the war. I know I'm not. Yeah, I don't know if teaching you sarcasm was the best idea. Anyway, the Adari acted completely out of their own self-interest in joining Earth during the war. The Adari are not all the same. My people traded with them during the war before they betrayed our alliance. You assume they all believe in the word of the Seeker. I can promise you they do not. You seem to know a lot about them. I became acquainted with many of the Adari during our short-lived alliance. Some I would even consider friends. Don't tell me you approve of them using clones as slaves? I do not. My people believe all beings are entitled to determine their own destiny. The Adari are untrustworthy, treacherous and wrong to presume they can speak for the creator of all things. Yeah, maybe we shouldn't be talking it to you. Yeah, I imagine it's kind of awkward, since you were on the losing side. We did not lose the war, Jax. We agreed to cease hostilities. It's not the same thing. Are you saying you took a time-out? If you were not my friend, I would feel as though I was being interrogated. Sorry. What's with Purple-licious? Hey, Atria. Ordering some chili cheese fries? What are chili cheese fries? My loves. It is truly blessed to be home again this very night. Is it not? Indeed, my Seeker. To be amongst our own kind and away from the infidels of the otherworlds. I must cleanse myself of their sin. Atria, you shall accompany me to conduct the bathing ritual. It is my duty and my honor, my Seeker. Come. You too, Atria. Cleanliness is indeed next to godliness. Especially in those... hard-to-reach places. Got a question for you, Tommy Boy. You want to know if I think Atria's been acting strangely. See, you do have some telepathic ability after all. Hardly. You'd have to be blind not to notice. Exactly. That's why I think it's time we sit down with Atria and find out what's really going on. And what about Protocol class? We'll get the notes later. You are such a bad influence on me, Jax. Good afternoon, Ralen. I am so dreadfully apologetic that I have been remiss in meeting with you ever since you first arrived at the academy. I know you are quite a busy and important man. Ah, but never so busy that I should not reach out to such a brave young cadet who would seek to bridge the differences between our two races by coming to Earth to study and learn. E pluribus unum. "Out of many, one." But that is not why you invited me here, is it, Professor? No. No, I suppose it is not. Let us speak plainly. You suspect me in the destruction of your war vessel, do you not? And if I did suspect you of sabotaging the Tereshkova, what would you say? That I have nothing to hide. Do you, Professor? And what do you think, Mr. Duvall? I think we can all agree that whatever happened was a terrible tragedy, no matter the cause. Most diplomatic. It is truly an honor to finally meet you. Your reputation is, of course, legendary on Zatar. I understand you have become quite friendly with my niece, Jacqueline. She is a fascinating young woman. Indeed she is. Will there be anything else? No, not at the moment. But I have no doubt we will meet again soon. Of that I am sure. Actus non facit reum nisi mens sit rea. What's it mean? It's Latin. "The act does not make one guilty unless the mind should be guilty." What do you want me to do? Stay very close to our young Zatarian friend. He's not as smart as he thinks he is. Atria, we need to talk. Jaxie! Okay, Atria, I think you've had enough. Let's get you to bed. Come on. Tommy, why don't you say that like you mean it? Okay, now I know you've had enough. - Let's go, come on, come on. - No, no... - Oh, oh, oh... - What is going on with you, Atria? Does this have something to do with Seeker Hubbell? Pfft! Seek this. Talk to us. We're worried about you. Oh, you are just so cute. Oh, oh! No, no, no. That's okay, sweetie. Oh, you're cute too. Yeah, so I've heard. Uh... we need to talk, Atria. I don't want to talk. I just want to... You know Thomas' abilities. He's a gifted telepath, and I know you hate it when he reads your mind. But I think we're going to have to make an exception this time for your own sake. You can't do that. Can't do what? You can't read my mind. Please. You know I can't... He won't, as long as you tell us the truth, okay? What are you doing, guys? You know I can't really read minds like my pop. I can only sense intense feelings and emotions. I know that and you know that. Don't you find it strange that she doesn't know that? Not to mention she doesn't even know what chili cheese fries are. But those are your favorite. Your dinner, my Seeker. Thank you for this bountiful meal which you have graced me with this night. Oh, one more thing before you go. I believe you have forgotten something. Pardon, my Seeker? To slit my throat. Isn't that why you're here? To kill me, the way you said you killed my son? After you ran away, I thought I'd never see you again. I am a citizen of Earth. You can't hurt me. Is that what you think? You are, and always shall be, the property of the Adari. So... I only have one thing left to say to you. Welcome home... Atria Nine. She insisted on going back to Adar. To destroy the cloning factories. She believes she can make a difference. And you don't? I do not want to be punished. You won't. We can protect you. We can get you sanctuary on Earth, just like Atria Nine. You would do that for me after I lied to you? If you help us, yeah. Look, I was scared. I'm sorry. It was a mistake. Sorry about what? I did not know what it would be like to be free. My sister gave me that gift, and I rewarded her with betrayal. The Seeker knows Atria's on Adar, doesn't he? Yes. That was why he came to Earth. It was all part of a plan to lure her back home. I'm so sorry. What is he going to do with her? What he does to all runaway clones. The Seeker will find out everything she knows about the resistance... and then he'll kill her. It is so wonderful to have you back. Your sisters were most cooperative. They had no choice. You would have punished them. I like to think it's because they're happy in my service. You were happy for a time as well. But then you corrupted my son with your heretical ideas. Lenar did not need me to know right from wrong. He knew it was sick to keep manufactured humans as slaves. Believe what you wish, it does not matter. I only have one more question for you. I'll tell you nothing. You'll kill me either way. That's true. But there are many ways to die. Some less painful than others. I'm not the scared child you knew when I left Adar. I no longer fear you. You should. Perhaps you need a reminder. The most important role for all clones is to be obedient to their master. A lesson you seem to have forgotten. It is his will. Look, I can appeal to the Adari Embassy on Earth by lodging a formal complaint. But they consider clones property, and are unlikely to act. You're talking politics. I'm talking a human life. Your student. She looks up to you, you know. Your idealism and your empathy. You're been such an inspiration to her and to me. How can you just turn your back on her now? I'm sorry, Jax. I really got to go. You know, I would expect this from my uncle. Not from you. I guess humankind hasn't come as far as we thought. Jax, what is wrong? Atria. She went to Adar alone. I think if something's not done they're going to execute her. What is EarthCom going to do about it? Nothing. What are you going to do about it? Nothing. I have to go. I'm sorry. I find that hard to believe. I can't involve you in this, Ralen. You are going to Adar, are you not? What do you think you can accomplish there by yourself? Atria's my friend. How could I live with myself if something happened to her? Hey, I know you. You're friends with the purple girl. Yeah. Listen, Deck Sergeant, we are really on the clock here. I need to rent the Earhart out for training. Freshman are not approved for flight time without the approval of an instructor. Not to mention, I don't believe you. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on... you... I'm going to fail my class if I don't get some more hours in orbit. Well, that is what simulators are for. There's got to be something we can do to persuade you. Look, I got in a lot of trouble the last time you stole a ship, so I can't help you, I'm afraid. Without a teacher's consent, you are staying grounded. But they have a teacher's consent. Oh, Professor Pevney. Well, my apologies. They didn't tell me this was for your class and they had your authorization. Yes, well, they do now, Deck Sergeant. Of course. Powering up the Earhart. Is there anything else? You've eaten? Yes. Why? - Go have dessert. - Oh, I'm not... Getting dessert, sir. Why? You know why. You're with the Adari resistance, aren't you? You'll need this. What is it? Insurance. And just remember, Adar is still the only planet in the Confederacy that has the death penalty. That's a cheery thought. Good luck. Atria is lucky to have friends like you. So, what's the plan? I thought you had one. When I agreed to come along, I assumed you both knew what you were doing. - Hmm. - So, do you think it's time to open Professor Pevney's gift basket? What do you think it is? I hope it's snacks. I'm starving. Definitely not snacks. My son... your former master. You know your son is dead. I know that's what he wants me to believe. I know he emancipated you so you'd feel compelled to protect him, but I need you to tell me the truth now. And why would I do that? Out of compassion? I have no soul, remember? I love him. Perhaps it's not too late to make amends to him. And to you. Welcome to Adar. That was rough. I thought you were some kind of ace pilot. Sorry about that. I've never landed a ship this big on an alien planet before. Just ran sims. Atria's going to be okay. We're going to get her out of here. The Seeker's compound and cloning factory are two klicks east of us. I'm headed to the compound to find Atria. You and Pilar should stay here in case we need to get out fast. No can do. You'll need a diversion. What do you say I give you one? What kind of diversion? A big one. Hi, my name is Dr. Regina Lampert from EarthCom Medical. I'm here to observe the Adari cloning procedures. We don't have your visitation authorized, Dr. Lampert. Are you sure? Because I was personally invited by Seeker Hubbell himself. Um, right, Pilar? Give me a sec, here. You heard about Atria Nine? She's being put to death for disobedience. Her husk is scheduled to undergo DNA reconstitution in the tissue... v-vats. What the hell are you talking about? I have no clue. Excuse me? Hmm? Oh. You are cleared for access. You may proceed. Excuse me. Can I get some help here? I'm a doctor, not a locksmith. Are you okay, Jax? I think so. I'm in, Pilar. Planting the charges now. Great. Now hurry up before someone sees you. Or me. Atria? Oh, this can't be good. Thomas! Aah! Let her go. No! No! What are you doing here... again? Doing what I always do, apparently. Keeping you out of trouble. Thanks, but I had it under control. Yeah, I can see that. Tom's in the Seeker's compound. He's going to need some help. I guess that can be arranged. We need a distraction. You'll get your distraction in... five seconds. What happens in five seconds? Boom happens. What was that? The cloning factory! Come on. Pilar, you got eyes on Thomas? He's inside the compound. I've located him in the Seeker's chambers. All right. Let's go save Atria then. Tom's in here. On my signal. Three, two... This isn't good. The Seeker has Thomas. Jax, I dispatched a drone and have eyes on Atria and Thomas. I'm sending you their coordinates now. They're with the Seeker. - Where? - On the move. It appears they're rendezvousing with a ship on the perimeter of the compound. What kind of ship? A Zatarian ship. Who the hell is that? My former master, Lenar. He's the Seeker's son. We faked his death so he could flee Adar and marry the love of his life. - A clone? - Yes. Me, technically. You're married? No, but Atria Six is. And they're very happy. Lenar is not like his father. He's a good and honorable man. What is Ralen doing here? Mm-hmm. He's full of surprises, isn't he? Who's he with? I think that's the Seeker's son. Atria told me she killed him. Yeah, well, apparently, he's been miraculously resurrected. You need to turn your safety off. I never thought I'd see you again, my son. And I hoped I would never see you again, Father. You must know how much I prayed for this day to come. What are you doing here, Lenar? Every moment you're on Adar puts your life in danger. The Zatarian told me you were in danger. I couldn't let anything happen to my sister-in-law. What do you really want from me, Father? I need you to come home and support my re-nomination as Seeker in the Council, and renounce your marriage to the abomination before it can be used by my opponents against me. And why would I do that? Because I will let you and your friends live. Or would you really rather die for real this time? And what of Zatar? Would you not make an enemy of my people if you killed us all today? You made an enemy of me when your people took in my son, giving him asylum and sheltered him on your home world. Lenar asked us for sanctuary. An offer we could not refuse. Was it worth losing the Adari as an ally in your war against Earth to help my son flee into exile? We would make the same decision again today. He asked for help. We were obliged to give it. You will never understand my people. Nor you, mine. Be it a generation or more, my people shall have their vengeance against you. But today, I shall have mine. Ah! Don't. Why not? Because it's his way, not yours. The reality is nothing's going to change on Adar. After everything we did, life there will still be the same. Maybe, maybe not. But just by you being free, maybe your story can inspire others to pick up where you left off. Yeah, after all, Atria Three has her own life now and she's applying to enroll at the academy next semester, which is a start. The Seeker said you weren't human because you were made in a lab, but the things that you did today, all the sacrifices you made to try to save your clone brothers and sisters, that's the most human thing I could imagine. And if history's taught us anything, it's that things take time. But if we commit and don't give up, things will get better. Eventually. It's hard work. Speaking of hard work, I have a lot of homework to catch up on. I should go. Want some help? Sure. Guess we'll see you later, gators. MM-hmm. Next time, will you please tell me what you're up to before you're going to your life in danger again? Why, so you can try and stop me? No. So I can go with you. I'm just happy you're back safe, Jax. Thank God Xander showed up when he did. I have no idea how he knew you were on Adar, but I'm really glad he was there. You know what, Greg? Can I catch you a little later? Why? You got a hot date? No. There's just something I got to take care of. Sure. Xander! Jax, what can I do for you? I've been thinking about something. I hope it was battle tactics and strategy, because I've just graded your paper. You can do better than a C-plus. When you showed up to Adar, you didn't know I was in trouble because you were spying on me, did you? Of course not, Jax. Why would I spy on you? You knew I was on Adar because you were spying on Ralen. You think he sabotaged the Tereshkova, don't you? That's what I thought. I do imagine you must be quite upset. Your young protégé destroying a manufacturing facility worth billions to Parallax. Cloning is a very lucrative business for us, you know. Of course, had I known of Jax's intentions, I certainly would have interceded on your behalf. I don't care about that. Parallax will make more money from the Adari on re-building their facility anyway. So why are you here, Regan? To tell you there's something far more dangerous to you than even my father. And what's that? Pandora. Oh, that. Yes, well, on that we can most definitely agree. Does she know what really happened to the Tereshkova? No. And for the moment, that will need to remain our secret. You do have a lot of them, don't you, Professor? Just make sure you don't keep them from my father. We need to know everything you know about Pandora. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 