Pandora: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pandora 
 s2e2 - Don't Think Twice, It's All Right - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pandora (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 2 - Don't Think Twice, It's All Right - full transcript 
 Jax, Xander, Ralen, and Matta track Jax's Mother, Eve, and Tierney to a remote planet in uncharted space in the Horatius system. Upon arrival to Clayton's World, they discover one of the ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm slowly venting oxygen. All my training is telling me that I should stop speaking so as to conserve my remaining air, but I don't think that anybody's gonna find me in time. I need there to be a record for the unlikely event that my body is ever discovered, so... The green plasma energy that we encountered appears to be some sort of anti-matter super-weapon. It... it consumed the freighter that we were on, and from what I observed... From what I... from what I can... But none of that really matters anymore, does it? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Now, it's funny, I'm, uh... I'm looking at the stars... I'm looking into the void of space, and all that infinite beauty can't compare to you... Jax. You're the first thing that I see when I wake up in the morning, and you're the last thing that I think of when I fall asleep. And now... ...as I close my eyes for what very well might be the final time... Warning. Warning. - ...it's you... - Warning. - Warning. - ...now... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Warning. Warning. ...and always. Warning. Warning. Warning. Warning. Looks like you could use some help there, Captain. Computer, erase recording. I still can't believe that you found me in time. Dauntless is no ordinary ship, but you knew that already. You're no ordinary woman, but I should think you knew that as well. But I never get tired of hearing it. Welcome aboard, Captain. How are you feeling? I'm just happy to have a pulse, Admiral. Well, you can thank Cadet Zhou for that. We knew the star system where the freighter was lost. Somehow, Jax had a sixth sense that you were still alive out there, and was able to pinpoint your actual location. Matta and I used the upgraded Dauntless. We were able to extrapolate your location based on your last known trajectory, and maybe a little feminine intuition. Cadet Zhou has my gratitude, as do you, Admiral. Thank you for not giving up on me. You're welcome, but we have a lot we need to discuss. Please, take a seat. What can you tell me about what happened out there? Unfortunately, very little. My strike team made it to the cargo bay safely, but our attempt to extract the alien technology that the courier told us would be there was interrupted by Eve Zhou... Jax's presumed dead mother, when she appeared suddenly through a portal. Suffice it to say that I believe we were all equally shocked by that. So, do you have any idea what the weapon is? Who developed it? Why Tierney wants it so badly? Well, the "who" is likely the Protector aliens, the fleet with which EarthCom tangled last year. The "what" is that it is some sort of anti-matter super-weapon. It literally obliterated every piece of matter with which it came into contact. And the "why" is, that with enough of it, it could very well be a planet killer. You need to find out more about this weapon, and whether there are any more of them out there like it. Of course, but at this point, Tierney still seems very able to cover her tracks exceedingly well by using the portals she creates to transport herself around the galaxy. Matta may be able to help us with this. She's been investigating how to track my mom and Tierney by analyzing the energy signatures of the portals that they've been creating. Well, if that's possible, then that could very well be the break we're waiting for. My thoughts exactly. Your mission is to follow that portal wherever it leads, but more important, even than arresting Tierney, is retrieving or eliminating any more of those weapons. Understood, Admiral. Good hunting, Captain. I actually like what you've done with the place. Now is not the time for humor, Osborn. I need to find out how your sister is still alive - before she's responsible for any more deaths. - That's impossible, Meredith. Don't be coy. You had to have known. You've been playing us as fools this whole time, including your own niece, Jax. Or is she also a part of your little deception? No, no. If what you're saying is true, there has to be some reason she pretended to have been killed and concealed it from all of us. This will go down so much easier for you if you tell the truth and stop playing games. I know there is no love lost between us, Meredith, but I am speaking with complete and utter veracity. Pity, I don't believe you. Gentlemen, take the professor to a holding cell. Maybe he'll be more forthcoming after a day or two in solitary. Meredith, you're making a grave mistake. You need to tell me everything so that I can help you. I realize this may come as a shock to the mighty Donovan Osborn, but CIS functions quite ably in your absence. So, take a good look around. This might be the last time you'll be seeing daylight for quite a while. You seem to be acclimating to this new clone body quicker than I anticipated. As long as we continue these treatments, you should be able to keep it indefinitely. As I learned from my ungrateful progeny, youth is wasted on the young. But there are some advantages of having a young man's body and an old man's soul. Now, tell me, do we have any idea what the device that destroyed the freighter actually was? I've never seen anything like it. It appears to be some kind of anti-matter weapon. Able to completely consume solid matter within minutes. - And what does my daughter Tierney possibly want with it? - I couldn't say. Well, who could've created such a thing? I couldn't say. You know absolutely nothing! Why on earth do I even keep you in my employ? I... couldn't say. If there are more weapons out there, we must find them. Imagine having the power to annihilate entire worlds and even the stars themselves. The price they'd fetch on the open market would be astronomical. It could change the entire balance of power in the galaxy. Continue to monitor our surveillance on Meredith Lucas. And if you hear or see anything, no matter how inconsequential it may seem, you will bring it to me immediately. And before you go, get rid of this body. Find me another before my next treatment. Welcome, Captain Duvall. Welcome home, Captain. - - Hi. Hi. What's wrong? You know, I did everything right today, and it still wasn't enough. I lost my entire strike team out there, and there was nothing I could do about it. I saw what happened. You did everything that you could. Maybe I'm not meant to be captain. Maybe I can't make the big life and death decisions. There's no one I trust more than you to make those decisions. What if Lucas was right? What if when I meant to be thinking about the mission, I'm just worrying about you? If there's one thing that I know about you, it's that you always make the right decision. Even when it's difficult. What if the right decision is wrong? There's a reason you're the captain of this boat. Admiral Lucas trusts you. Your crew trusts you. I trust you. I think you just need to learn to trust yourself. You know, there's one thing I definitely can't trust myself with. What's that? I don't think I can trust myself to keep my hands off you. That sounds promising. - Does it? - Mm-hmm. - Captain? Aud... Um, audio. Aud... Audio only, please. Yes, what is it, Ralen? Matta might finally have some good news for us. Great news, terrible timing. Excuse me, Captain? I'm on my way. Sorry. It's okay. - Go. - Yeah. You know I'd never let anything happen to you, Jax... ever. I know. See you on the bridge. Aye-aye, captain, sir. Put on a uniform. Warp bubble confirmed. Thrusters at 25 percent. Captain on the bridge. I have traced the residual energy signature from the portal Eve used to escape the freighter to a planet in the Horatius system. Okay. Inhabited? Unknown. Its location lies outside of Earth' Defense Perimeter in uncharted space. Alright. I don't suppose the Zatarians ever made it out that far? - Unfortunately, not. - Right. Well, orders from the admiral are not open to interpretation. Our first priority is to find Tierney and Jax's mother, and then make sure there are no more of those anti-matter weapons out there. I can transmit my findings to navigation, but I cannot promise it will amount to anything. There's only one way to find out. Let's follow those breadcrumbs. Engaging Alcubierre EM drive. Stabilizing warp bubble and following the breadcrumbs, as you ordered, Captain. Kubrick for immediate departure. Aye-aye, Captain. Let's go find your mother, Jax. I continue to detect residual trace readings from the portal's energy signature. Any life signs? None, but the energy signature could be interfering with my scans. I'd say that's highly likely. Why is that, Jax? Well, see for yourself. That's one of the Ark ships from the Great Migration off Earth. Any chance there could be survivors? That ship is over 150 years old. I'm sure everyone is long gone by now. Not quite everyone... Whoa. We have a number of questions, but firstly, when are we getting our weapons back? Given that I'm the one holding the weapons, I suggest you let me do the talking for the moment. My name is Captain Xander Duvall of the exploratory vessel, We come from Earth. - And as friends. - These two aren't from Earth. No. We are Zatarians. And do you come as friends as well? Most assuredly. Earth and the Zatarians encountered each other many years after you departed on your voyage to colonize the galaxy. Aliens from another world. Never thought I'd see that with my own eyes. Our ancestors crashed here nearly 150 years ago. Took you long enough to find us. Actually, we weren't looking for you. We were pursuing dangerous fugitives from Earth. It's just fortuitous they led us in your direction. - What kind of fugitives? - Three women, wanted by the Earth Confederacy. One is a criminal. The other looks exactly like me. And the third is my mother. What an interesting family you have, but there will be plenty of time to discuss that later. On behalf of the Council of the Elders, welcome to Clayton's World. - We don't bow. You... - What was that? - We don't... we don't bow. - Oh. Thank you. Late night? My bad. Overslept. Hey... are we the only ones here? What do you think? I don't get it. What's the point of having a study group if there's never a group here to study with? It is absolutely infuriating. Maybe it's time to find some new study partners? Uh... okay. Um, I don't know anyone else, and I'm struggling and stressed out and nobody wants to help. Have you tried talking to Jax about how you feel? Not really. I mean, she's nice and all, but she's always with her boyfriend, or running off with the Zatarians. Yeah. Wish I knew what their deal was. I don't know, but what I do know is I am going to fail Shral's Advanced Protocol class if I don't get a lot more study time in. Well, let me help. With my new, advanced, biotech implants, I have access to the entire datastream. Okay, but you gotta let me do something for you then. Do you... like to eat? - Only food. - Let me cook for you, and we can study over some Garidian Stew. I am liking the sound of that. Tonight? Uh... not tonight. Unfortunately, I'm, uh... - previously engaged. - But the test is tomorrow, and I'm in class until 1900. If I get anything less than a "B", then Shral might drop me - from the advanced seminar. - Look, I'm sorry. I wish I could. Jett, the others don't trust you. I was willing to give you a pass... but I guess I was wrong. Thank you very much. That has quite a kick to it. - I like it. - We ferment it ourselves, obviously. We call it "Jubjulu". Everyone we've seen here is quite young. Where are all your elderly? Other than the Council of Elders? We thought you were the Council. We are. I'm nearly 24 years old. I can see that you're confused, but rather than trying to explain it, it's better that I show you. Tonight. In the meantime, though, allow Tryla to escort you to your guest chambers. Well, thank you very much for your hospitality, Councilor. And thank you for this delicious chalabalu. Of course. Our world is yours to enjoy. Here we believe in a life full of fun, relaxation and total... pleasure. Cheers to that. Shall we? - Matta, if you don't mind... - Captain Duvall, if you wouldn't mind waiting behind a moment. Thank you. There is something not right here. You read my mind, Ralen. I do not trust her. Perhaps it is because she shows clear signs of attraction - towards Captain Duvall. - I'm not jealous. I'm just concerned there's something she's not telling us. The Councilor did say they would explain tonight. I'm not waiting until tonight. The trail led us here, and I need to see what I can find out about this planet... - and my mother. - Are you sure that's wise? I don't know if it's wise... but it's what I'm gonna do. I am concerned that Jax is not making rational decisions. Jax has always been impulsive, but she understands the mission. So, you have nothing to concern yourself with. Well then, should I be concerned about you? Jax is a friend, and I care deeply for her, but there's only enough room in my hearts for you, my love. When this mission is over, we will tell them that we're leaving the Earth for good. It can't have been easy for your people to have been trapped here alone for... so many years. It's the only life we've ever known. But, yeah, it does get boring not meeting anybody new. And you said that until we arrived, your people haven't had any other visitors? No. But it was definitely worth the wait. What is that? That would be the sound of all of your questions about to be answered. I must say, I never expected to see you on this side of the glass, Donovan. This is no time for levity. You need to bloody-well get me out of here. I'm being held on some absurd, trumped-up charges by Lucas. On the bright side, at least your sister's still alive. I understood she was working with us. Now I find out she had her own agenda all along, apparently. Any idea what her game is? Eve's already two steps ahead of us. The fact that she's working with Tierney and the other Pandora, complicates matters considerably. Is there anything I can do? Well, yes, there is one thing. Get me the hell out of here! If I knew why Lucas had it out for you so badly, perhaps I could help. Oh, it's not important. It certainly seems important. The only thing that matters is stopping the final judgment, which Lucas thinks is a fairy tale I told my people to keep them in line. There is a lot more at stake here than simply my freedom. I'll talk to her again. I know you're telling the truth, but... Do what you can. Don't think I'll be going anywhere for a while. - So... - Cheer up, kid. - Thanks, Martin. - Do you see what I'm seeing? That's a portal. This must be the portal energy signature I was detecting, not Eve's. - What are they doing? - It looks like some sort of festival. They must imbue the portal with a cultural or religious significance. Welcome to the Departure, my friends. Today is not a day to mourn, but to celebrate. Though you have outlived your usefulness to our world, you'll pass through to a better one where - you can grow old peacefully. - No, Dad, don't go. No, don't go. Where did they go? To a better place, of course. What better place? I mean, have you been there? Nobody has. It's a one-way ticket. Then how do you know it's better? It's written in our sacred texts, handed down by Nolan "Skip" Clarke, - the original captain Clayton. - Whoa. You must understand our concern that you're sending citizens off through a portal that you know very little about. We've been through portals such as these ourselves. Then you know that they transport you through space to other worlds. And we also know that they can be very dangerous. You don't understand. When our Ark ship crashed here, there were not enough resources to sustain an entire colony. So, the decision was made only the strong would remain. As soon as you become a burden to society, you're sent away. What do you mean "a burden"? Surely, you can appreciate being so young and beautiful yourselves, the superiority of youth. Your strength, vigor... stamina in all number of things. Eventually, your mind and body will decay. But with age comes wisdom. An axiom invented by an old human male. Even Einstein's greatest discoveries were in his early 20s. So, you're saying that when one of your number turns 25, they're sent off through the portal? It's what's kept our colony alive and thriving. We don't have to care for our old or infirmed. Everybody here is young and vital, and does not require anybody to take care of them. Where I come from, life is precious at any age. If you're sending your departed somewhere they don't even know where they're departing to, that's seriously messed up. From our prior experience, there's a possibility that there's no natural resources, or even oxygen, through these portals. They may have just been transported to the vacuum of space itself. You are our guests here. But I will not tolerate your disrespect towards our sacred traditions. Return to your chambers. In the morning, I expect you to leave this planet. - What the hell were you thinking? - What were you thinking?! We are on their planet! We can't just... Speak up for people who have no voice? They don't know where they're sending their people. We're on a mission, Jax! We need their cooperation and their help before we start telling them to change everything about their society. There is, in fact, a certain perverse logic to the practice. With limited resources, they could not possibly sustain a colony of thousands of people on this world and the young are more productive. So, you... you support this? I do not, but I understand the rationale behind it. Right. We are here to find Tierney and your mother. - That has to be our priority. - So, we should just ignore the fact that... This is extremely odd. What? The reading I took of the portal in the temple does not correspond to the reading of the portal your mom used to escape the freighter. So, it was a different portal that brought us here. And if this is true, then Tierney and Eve could still be on the planet after all. If my readings are correct, that is more than possible. - Okay. - Where are you going? - I'm going to confront Jennifer. - I'm coming with you. No. You're staying right here with the others. Is that an order? What do you think? So you agree with your friend? She's not my friend. She's a member of my crew. That's not what I asked. Have we really been away from Earth so long that we seem that different to you? Maybe you'll understand when you return to Earth. But we're not going to return to Earth. This is our home. Why would we ever leave? It's the only life we've ever known. I don't know. We need to see that portal again. You may recall that the captain gave us strict orders to remain here. I must have missed that. You coming or what? Jett? Are you in there? Jett! Computer, locate Jett Annamali. Jax told me not to trust you, and obviously she was right. What are you doing here, Zazie? I was coming to apologize for the way that I acted today, but now I see your hot date was with Professor Shral's file cabinet. - Wait... - To steal the test, I presume? You need to stay out of my business, Zazie. And you need to steer clear of Shral. Either you tell Professor Shral what you've been up to, or I will. This portal is entirely unstable. Well... aren't all portals inherently unstable? Portals are miniature wormholes, and for the duration in which they are triggered, they are temporarily stable. This one, however, seems to be permanently malfunctioning. Could it have been damaged when the Ark ship crashed here? I will need more data to support that hypothesis, but... it is highly likely. Let's find out for sure. What just happened? The drone was destroyed. This is not an active portal. That means that the Council has been putting their own people to death for over a hundred years. Yes. That's exactly what it means. How could they not tell their own people of the danger? I'm not sure yet. We need to find the original Clayton. It might help us find what we're looking for. - - Come in. I'm sorry to bother you, Professor. I know you're, like... super busy. Indeed, I am. So, please, be brief. I don't want to be a snitch, but Jett snuck into your office last night to steal the questions for today's exam. I caught him. - So...? - So, what are you gonna do about it? I'm going to do nothing. Good day, Cadet Nichols. Look, I know Jett's getting a second chance here at the Academy, but you can't just overlook the fact that he's a liar and a cheat. Actually, I can. Perhaps this is something better discussed with Jett himself, Cadet. Mind if I join you? Jax, what are you doing here? I asked you to stay outside. You know the truth about the portal. You've known this entire time, haven't you? What are you talking about? It kills everyone that goes through it. The Departure takes our elder citizens to a better place they can live out the rest of their lives in peace. She's lying. The portal's unstable. It actually doesn't go anywhere, and I can prove it. I downloaded the manifest Clayton. Jennifer Clarke was the 24-year-old daughter of the captain Clayton. Look familiar? But she hasn't aged a day since they crashed here. Why is that? Because without the unique energy of the malfunctioning portal, Jennifer would have been dead over a hundred years ago. That's why she can't leave this planet. The Council of Elders has been leeching off this portal this entire time in order to stay alive. The Council of Elders, you're all the original colonists. They're all original crew Clayton. Everyone else here is just their descendants. We did what we had to do. How could you do that to your own people? It's called survival. It's called murder. And as citizens of the Earth Confederacy, you are all under arrest. No, I don't think so. Hello... daughter. - I have so many questions for you. - I'm sure you do. Right now, I just need to know what's gonna happen to my friends. I don't have any control over that, Jax. Well, we need to do something. 'Cause if we don't Jennifer is going to kill them. - I suspect you're correct. - That's it? That's all you have to say? You let me think that you were dead for over a year, and that's all you have to say to me right now? And Dad? What about him? Your father is dead. I'm sorry. I tried to save him, but I couldn't. I don't even know who you are anymore. Yes, you do. You know exactly who I am, - and you need to trust me. - Trust you? You're working with Tierney and the other Pandora. How in the worlds am I supposed to trust you? - Ask me anything. I'll give you the absolute truth. - Why are you here? To observe the malfunctioning portal. So you knew that it was unstable. You knew that anyone who passed through it would die, and you didn't do a thing to stop that! What I knew is if I supplied rations and supplies to the Council they would let me continue to pursue my mission. Which is what exactly? Why is that broken portal so important to you? Because we know of no other portal in the galaxy that has been permanently disabled. Did you ever even love me? - Of course. - 'Cause it really doesn't feel like you did. - Of course, I did. - You "did"? I do. It's just that sometimes, Jax, there are obligations that are more important than family. No. Family should always come first. It doesn't work that way. One day you'll understand. But until then, know that I did... I do and I will always love you. And Tierney? Why is she so important to you? When I was younger, I had a relationship with my brother's best friend... against my better judgment. Harlan Fried. Sadly, he could be very charming when he wanted to be. So, Tierney is also your daughter? Yes. So... you and she are sort of... sisters. What are you gonna do with my crew? They'll be sent through the portal, of course. You know that I'm not gonna be able to allow that. I didn't think so. But you know our secret... I suppose I could spare just one life... if you agree to stay here with me. Yeah. That's so not going to happen. Well... let's not drag this out any longer then. It's time for you all to experience the Departure for yourselves and go to a better place... forever. You have reached the Age of Departure. It's not a day to mourn, but to celebrate. Though you have outlived your usefulness in our world... You can spare us the ritual, thank you. I think we all know how this is going to end. Jennifer, let me take my daughter with me. She won't say anything, I promise. You can do what you want with the others. I admire your compassion for Jax, but the Council are not willing to take that risk. Enough! How is there two of you? Long story. Why did you help save us? I asked her to. And I wanted you to see this pathetic world, Jax. Proof of the unworthiness of mankind. They murdered their own people in order to preserve their youth. This is the universe you're so desperate to save. Why are you really here, Mom? I told you, to study the portal. A broken portal? Why? Because as long as the portals exist, there's a way for this universe to be saved. A way for you to reach the Ancients. - If she destroys it, then there will be no... - Hope. You're not going to win. I'll find the Ancients, and convince them that this universe is worth sparing. I'm afraid that's not possible, Jax. You've already told them this universe isn't worth saving, didn't you? The destruction of this universe has already begun, and without the portals to reach them, there's nothing you can do to stop it. Join us... Jett. Hey, wait up. I need to get to class. So, I spoke to Professor Shral, and he didn't seem to care what you did. But I do. You need to tell me what's going on with you. You need to stop messing with my life, okay? Just leave me alone. Is that really what you want, for no one to care about you? You wouldn't understand, Zazie. I know what it's like to be forced into making bad choices. Trust me. Okay. Join us for a very special lecture... Look, after getting in trouble last semester for sending... everybody those holo-nudes of Pilar, I... I didn't like the person I'd become. I don't blame you. I wouldn't have liked him either. And I paid the price. I didn't just get suspended. I lost my entire scholarship. So, my family doesn't have money. So... I'm working night shifts at the Academy as a... ...janitor to pay my tuition. That's what you were doing in Professor Shral's office, cleaning it? Yeah. Oh, my God! That is so great! - That's so great! - What's great about it? I thought you were a thief and a liar and a cheat. Okay, maybe you missed what I said, I'm a... janitor. So what? It's honest, hard work. I know what you're going through. Screw these rich, privileged kids. You and I, we gotta to stick together. - - Come on. Let's "jet" to class. "Jet to class"? Really? You have to undo whatever you told the Ancients. Humanity is worth saving. I observed this universe and made my decision 22 years ago. Nothing has changed. You haven't seen the good in people like I have. Let me show you. I saw everything I needed to see when Osborn put me in that box. Do you know what that was like? The darkness. The loneliness. The dreams. The nightmares. They were only doing what they thought they had to do. And they were wrong, and I am so sorry. We can go to the Ancients together to stop the final judgment. No one has to die. My decision has been made. Then I'll go to them myself. Get away from her! Xander, no! - Jax? - What have you done? Jax, she was gonna kill you. Thank you, Captain Duvall. Good luck to you. Thank you, Captain. Thank you for everything you did. Right. All the colonists all know what happened now. Will they return back to Earth with us? No. No. They have decided to stay here. Forge a new life and grow old together. And the Council of Elders? They will be delivered to EarthCom and stand trial. We need to ensure that the remaining colonists receive the proper provisions and supplies necessary to create a functioning society. Of course, Captain. Your doppelganger was wrong, Jax. When we see something that's broken, we fix it. That's what makes us human. No, Xander. Not everything that's broken can be fixed. She'll never forgive you for this. Your love for my daughter will be the end of you... or her. Either way, you've made things worse. I would do anything to protect Jax. Yes. That's the problem. We have surrounded the brig with a forcefield even Tierney will not be able to penetrate with a portal. You're not going anywhere. That's quite all right, Ralen. I'm exactly where I want to be. I did the right thing, Ralen, didn't I? Killing the other Jax? If you had not done what you did, I most certainly would have done the same. Thank you. I think I needed to hear that. Ooh. Jax? Jax. Can you open the door, please? Can we talk? Jax? Captain Duvall, please report to the bridge immediately. I'm on my way. Captain, we are receiving a universal distress call from the Zatarian warship N'Kantu. I've seen this before. They are gone. Red alert! I am calculating the trajectory of the wave of destruction. It will continue straight through the sector on a direct route towards... Zatar. Kill, Ubu, kill. Good fish. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 