Pandora: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pandora 
 s2e1 - Things Have Changed - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pandora (2019–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Things Have Changed - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I have searched most of the ship and I found nothing. There is a deceased Protector alien body frozen from when the vessel lost life support. I am now preparing to enter what appears to be the main reactor room at the stem of the ship. Without power, it's difficult to make my way through the sealed bulkheads. I'm in. Huh. I... I appear to have found it. It's a glowing, green substance. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Some kind of... plasma energy. Retrieving a sample now. It's beautiful. I have a specimen, and I'm returning home. I so can't see you in tights. Well, in my undergrad days, Professor Pevney tried to cast me as Puck Midsummer Night's Dream. Fortunately, we ended up instead. Much more dignified. No tights? No tights. Hold on. Check your six. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Copy that. I've got eyes on the courier. We don't move on him until Tierney arrives. Copy that. Have you made the credits transfer? Wow. No... idle chit-chat? Not even going to buy me a drink first? Good thing this isn't a date. Fine. Do you have the package? It's somewhere safe. But I'm not going to tell you where until I have proof of funds. You're not the trusting type, are you? Would you be? Touché. First, I need to verify that you really found it. Well done. I hope it's not too late for someone else to get in on the action. Jax, what exactly are you doing? This isn't part of the plan. Oh, Jax, once again, you appear with the tedious inevitability of an unloved relative. You still remember me after all these months. I'm touched. Whatever she's paying, we'll double it. And who exactly is "we"? She's with the Earth Confederacy Intelligence Services. And they're not looking for you. They're looking for me. Well, it doesn't matter. I'm not selling anything to EarthCom. And you... have no authority here, Earther. Technically, I have no authority anywhere. But what I do have is 12 heavily armed soldiers with a target lock on you right now. You really have 12 armed soldiers in the crowd? Try me. Mom? I'm on Tierney. Jax, stay with the courier! I'm following into the ore processing plant. Mom? Jax, she activated a portal, and she got away. Jax! Jax, do you copy?! Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah. Lose the weapon. You should have never come here, Earther. The Outer Rim is a dangerous place for little girls. I'm just looking for Tierney. That's it. Well, I tell you what, you must be worth something. Why don't we send you to her... in a box. You have no idea how ironic that is. Duck! Whoo! Better than sex. I wouldn't get carried away. What do you say we get out of here while we still can? - In a minute. - Shut up. You're not taking one of my men back to Earth. We're tired of EarthCom calling all the shots around here. It's time you start listening to us for a change. No freedom, no ore! No freedom, no ore! No freedom, no ore! No freedom, no ore! You can't shoot us all. No? He can. Never mess with a Zatarian. Well, that was fun. Yeah, thanks for the assist, Ralen. My pleasure. I hope it was worth it. I should say so. It's given us our first real lead on Tierney and the other Pandora. This is ECOM-0102, requesting immediate clearance for docking. Docking clearance granted. Welcome back, Captain Duvall. Ooh. Never get tired of hearing that. We know. CIS gave you a beautiful ship though, I'll give you that. Yeah. She's alright. Enter. Welcome, Captain Duvall. - Hey. - Hi. Thinking about your mother? I thought I saw a ghost today. A ghost? My mother, just standing in the middle of the market. That's impossible, right? Eve died over a year ago now. I feel like I'm going crazy. First, my ex-boyfriend, who I thought was dead, shows up alive and won't even talk to me. And now I'm seeing visions of my dead mother. After what happened with Greg, it's not surprising you'd be thinking about other traumatic losses in your life. Okay, now you sound more like my shrink than my boyfriend. Well, maybe it's time that you saw one. Oh, yeah? No, I mean, you're going through a lot right now. And suddenly being thrust into a life as a CIS operative definitely isn't helping. What do I tell them exactly? That I'm a mythical Pandora, - who was sent here by a powerful race... - Okay. ...uh, to judge whether or not the universe is worthy of survival... Yeah, I get it. You probably shouldn't tell them about the other Jax running around the galaxy trying to kill you either, or they might lock you up. I'm so happy I have you to talk to. Yeah. You can talk to me about anything. I know. I know. Hmm. Um, we're gonna arrive at Earth in about three hours, and I need to debrief the CIS as soon as we make orbit. That should be just enough time. For what? For you to debrief me first. Mmm. Is that an order, cadet? You bet your ass it is. Jax. Xander? Jax... Mom? Jax... Jax. Jax. Jax. Jax. Bad dream? Been having a lot of those lately. Do you think it's possible I'll become like her? Like who? The other Pandora. I guess she just lost her faith, but... Well, she's not you. Come on. I know you, Jax. You're never gonna lose your faith in anyone. ...I think that's part of who you are. I don't even know who I am. I mean, first I thought I was human, and then I find out that I'm not. I'm just... a mutt. A combination of DNA from five different alien races, sent here to judge the universe. I don't think we ever feel like we're ready. Like when I was promoted. I was made captain. Dauntless, and I didn't really think that I was ready for the big chair either. And I still don't. But, you know, you carry on, you do your best, and... your best just has to be good enough. Thank you. Captain on the bridge. Approaching Earth, Captain. Right where we left her. Request permission to dock with the Pearl from the EarthCom control. This is EarthCom control. ECOM-X201, permission granted. Engage docking thrusters. Engaging docking thrusters and pressurizing seal. I'm receiving a message from Admiral. Yourself and Cadet Zhou need to report in immediately. Better tell the Admiral that we're on our way. You're nervous, aren't you? Nervous? Me? - Never. - Mmm. Mmm. Liar. Captain Duvall, Cadet Zhou, welcome home. So good to have you both back on Earth safe and sound. And even though Tierney got away, you brought company, I understand. Yes, the... the courier that was connected to Tierney. He hasn't told us where she went yet, but we'll see what we can do to persuade him. Very good. Can I offer you some tea? I have Green Tea, English Breakfast, Mandarin and Zatarian Mint. No, thank you. Not for me, Admiral, thank you. I'll have some, uh, Earl Gray, please. Green Tea, English Breakfast, Mandarin or Zatarian Mint. Zatarian Mint, please. Excellent choice. So, tell me about this courier of yours. Well, he has something valuable that he wants to sell to Tierney. The name that he gave us was an alias. It turns out that he's really Zed Malthe. He works for a salvage company based on Ipcress 5. No love for EarthCom out there on the Rim. Yeah, no kidding. We got a chilly reception from the locals there. If Ralen hadn't arrived, I think we might still be stuck on that rock. With the destruction of most of our fleet, EarthCom is spread thin across the quadrant. They feel abandoned, but they will realize that they still need EarthCom - out there on the frontier to survive. - Thank you. So, tell me, do we know what this courier was trying to sell Tierney? No, not yet, but you can bet if Tierney wants it, it's dangerous. And this is the first real lead we've had in months. Xander, I need you to find out everything he knows. What he's selling her. Where we can find it... and her. Anything else? Just report back to me as soon as you know more. Oh. Then, until later, Cadet Zhou. Captain Duvall is smart, handsome, has a good head on his shoulders. He's a very fine officer. I hope you understand why I don't want you two dating. That man has to make life and death decisions every day. - If he's thinking about you instead of the mission... - I get it. I hope so. Your personal lives are your own. I can't tell you what to do. But if you are going to continue working together, I need to know I can count on you both to make smart choices. Is that all, Admiral? Tell me, how's school? School? Uh... with the recent CIS ops, I fear that my grades may be taking some serious slicer fire. I'm sorry. I know how much your education means to you and classes are an important cover for everything you've been doing for us. I just hope that once we find Tierney, I can get back to my studies. I want nothing more than to lead a normal life again. Trust me when I say this, Cadet Zhou... Jacqueline, that's what I want for you too. Mind if I join you, Ralen? Please, Professor Osborn, of course. I didn't see you or Jacqueline in class today. I will be sure to complete all of the outstanding assignments that I missed. Rubbish. You know I care a wit about that. What I do care about is what mission Meredith Lucas has tasked you with. You realize I cannot discuss classified CIS activities with you. She's not up for this, Ralen. Confidence without expertise can be a dangerous thing. Some would say that over-confidence with expertise can also be a dangerous thing. Well, I admit, I'm... I'm out in the cold right now. They even revoked my security clearance. Lucas doesn't trust my judgment, and I sure as hell don't trust hers. I'm truly sorry. You are an extraordinary intelligence operative. Have you not tried to discuss any of this with her? Her antipathy towards me is personal. She can't see past her disdain for me. Never could. This sounds, how do you humans put it... "juicy". It's not important. What is important is we can't leave the fate of the universe in the hands of bureaucrats. If you need convincing she's not up for this job, take a look at the person she does trust. They say he has reformed. That after the attack on Earth, we must all work together for the common good. Do you really believe Harlan Fried's seen the light and is on the side of the angels? If Meredith Lucas does, it does make you question her judgment, doesn't it? Before you go, Meredith, I have a present for you. - What is it? - Open it. Isn't it enough that Parallax has already given CIS a real one? Well, you've given me plenty of gifts as well. Exonerating me from the destruction Tereshkova and arresting my traitorous daughter, Regan, for the crime, was more than enough to ensure my enduring fealty. But, I thought you might want this for your new office, now that you've disposed of all of Osborn's vulgar trappings. That's very kind. Thank you, Harlan. Now, I understand you may have a line on my other daughter, Tierney. Even if we did "have a line" on Tierney, as you say, you know I can't possibly share with you any confidential information. Well, I just want to see her pay for her crimes. What I can tell you... is that we're getting closer to finding her. And when we do have her in custody, I will certainly let you know. Well then, enjoy the ship. Both of them. Welcome home, Jax. Well, well, look who's finally back. - Earth to Jax. - No. Come in Jax. What, Zazie? - Study group. - Study group? You're kidding. You're not kidding. I hope you don't mind, but I invited someone new to study group. He's super smart. You'll like him. You like him. Well... yeah, but you'll like him too. Just not in the, uh, "smoldering eyes, I wanna jump his bones" way I do. Plus, with you and Ralen gone so much, I feel like it would be great if we could have someone else we could... - Rely on. - I wasn't gonna put it like that, but... kinda. Okay. Let me just take a shower. Oh, no, no, no. There's no time. He's meeting us in five. We gotta skiddle. - Ah, Professor Shral. - Ah, right, Jax. Hey, Prof. What's going on? The Professor was just telling me how the university has finally found a compatible, new roommate for me. So much for those late nights with Matta. Thin walls. - Who is it? - Yeah, anyone we know? Well, as a matter of fact, you do. Here he comes now. - Jett. - Jett? - Jett?! - Hey, guys. No. No, no, no. There is now way that I'm sharing my personal domicile varvook beshed. I thought he was expelled from Fleet Training Academy last year? He was suspended. But he's willing to make amends and I think that sharing a dormitory with Ralen is an excellent way to start. Uh... this is my friend that I was telling you about for study group. How do y'all know each other? Look, can't we just start over? Start over? You put holo nudes of my freshman roommate all over the datastream, and you want to "start over"? Oh. That's how you know each other. Look, I know, and I'm sorry. Completely and utterly and... indubitably? Mr. Annamali has satisfied me that he warrants a second chance. One second chance. That said, Ralen, if you're uncomfortable with this arrangement, you can say no. Look man, I know I screwed up... big-time. - Yeah. - Yeah. But I want to make things right. Come on. Give him a chance, Ralen. Please? Fine. I will, as you say, give him a chance. A very brief one. Whoa! So, friends? We shall see. I want an attorney. Well, I always wanted a pony. But we don't always get what we want, do we? You can't keep me here forever, you know. Oh, you'd be surprised what I can do. After all, you're not even a citizen of the Confederacy. You're no one. Even the name you gave me was a fake. Only because of my past involvement in the Bellum Batonianum. - Which is illegal. - Right. Well, this is hardly about your secessionist activities against Earth from back in the day. This is about your aiding of a dangerous fugitive from justice in the here and now. I told you, I don't know this Tierney. She contracted me through an encrypted message on the datastream. Contracted you to do what, exactly? Well, I know that you have a low-level security clearance with EarthCom, that you got after your involvement in the clean-up operations after the attack on Earth last year. Yeah. I'm a garbage man. - Sue me. - Hmm. Interesting work, is it? Salvage? Not really, no. Okay, well, let's go through this from the beginning one more time. You work for a salvage company, which is how you had access to an EarthCom battlecruiser, and why Tierney hired you in the first place. But what piece of tech aboard a battlecruiser is so important that Tierney couldn't get any other way? All she had to do was open up a portal... Clearly, you have this all figured out, so you tell me. Huh? If you're so smart, how do I got aboard a battlecruiser with only Level 2 clearance? So, not an EarthCom battlecruiser, then. An alien ship. A Protector ship. Oh... Well, Tierney wouldn't risk making the jump to a vessel whose configuration and atmosphere she didn't know. Let alone bringing something dangerous back through the portal that could blow up in her face. That... That makes sense. That's quite a story. Except, you have no way to prove it. Captain... anything happens to me... and you'll answer to Bey Tuhran. The terrorist? The freedom fighter. Agree to disagree. You know we have surveillance on those ships? And that if I'm able to link you to an illegal salvage operation involving dangerous alien tech, then not even Berman Livingston will be able to get you out of prison for the next 100 years. So, you have a choice. You can either go back to Ipcress in a few days, no harm done, or you can spend the rest of your life in an Earth prison colony. What's it gonna be? I would really like to go on this mission, Admiral. You're too valuable for a smash-and-grab operation. This is a job for EarthCom Special Forces. - I appreciate that, but... - Xander's got this. Thanks to him, we know where the hand-off with Tierney is going to be. - But still, if... - We need a blunt instrument on this op, not a scalpel. Is that the only reason? I think you know. Do I? I warned you. I believe your relationship can and will compromise his judgment. And so does he. Xander said that? - There is no way that Xander... - That is all, Cadet Zhou. You're excused. I have missed you, my wife. I have missed you as well, my husband. Are you going to tell me where you've been? Mmm. I can tell you, but I do not know that you will like the answer. I hope you did not go back to Zatar after our banishment by my father. I will not beg for his forgiveness. No. Of course not. I just think that since we cannot go home, and Earth is an alien planet to us, perhaps we should find somewhere where we can make a new home. Would it not be better to start over? To make new memories somewhere as a proper husband and wife? Hmm? Perhaps you are right. Am I interrupting something? No, Jett. You are not. Because it, uh, really feels like I am. I am Matta of the House of Ral. I am she who is his wife. And you must be... Jett. Indeed I am, pretty lady. This is, uh, Felicia and, uh, Stephen. Yeah. They were just leaving. Weren't you, Felicia and Stephen? So, uh, I bet you have some stories about my, uh, my boy Ralen here, huh? Indeed I do. It was a... pleasure - to make your acquaintance, Jett. - Really? No. Sorry, man. I'm just gonna... This is going to be a very long semester. Approaching the coordinates of the freighter. Slowing down to sub-light and will attempt to lock on. Delta Squad, form on me. We're cutting through the bulkheads now and entering the freighter. So far, so good. This is an unmanned cargo vessel. Initiating life support. There are no signs of life. As of yet, the whole ship appears to be completely automated. Captain? Heading for cargo bay five now. Alright, boys. Looks like we found what we're looking for. Let's get packed up and get back to the Pearl. Oh, my God, Jax. Is that... My mother. She's alive. Welcome home, Zazie. Jett? What are you doing in my room at midnight? I, um... I wanted to thank you. - For what? - Well, you had my back earlier with Ralen and Jax, and, uh, I... I appreciate that. Doesn't happen much. Sure. Okay. You're welcome. But... you could've told me that after class. I'm not sure how you got in here, but let's make sure it doesn't happen again unless I invite you first. No problem. And, um... how about we just, uh, keep all this between the two of us, okay? I'd like to believe that I can trust you. It can be very lonely being so far from home, and I don't have many friends here at the Academy. I was just hoping that you could still be one of them. I mean... you know I can, babe... Whoa! Okay, whoa! That is not what I meant. That is not happening. What happened between us the other night, that's never happening again. Okay, uh... Yeah, I... I get it. That's... that's cool. - Friends? - Friends. Right. Starting tomorrow. Did you have any idea your mother was among the living? No! I thought she died in New Portland with everyone else. And your uncle? What about him? He couldn't have known. I'm sure of it. Unlike him, I can trust you, Jacqueline... can't I? Of course. You have no idea what that is. Oh, and you do? You need to put it down very carefully, and hand it to me. Yeah, I'm sorry. That's not happening... Eve. Oh. You know who I am? Well, then you know I'm a scientist first and foremost, and I know what I'm talking about. What I know is you're working for Tierney, and you let your only daughter believe you were dead for a year. So you and your men will surrender your weapons to me right now. Okay, okay. I know you have no reason to trust me, but you're gonna have to. We want the same thing, believe me... - Xander. Delta team, whatever you do, that weapon cannot fall into Tierney's hands. No! Hold your fire! We just lost Dobson from the scope. You really should have listened to me. Delta team, form on me. We need to go... now! Hull integrity compromised. Go, go, go, go! Come on! Delta Team, do you copy? Captain Duvall, come in. Xander! Connections to datastream lost. Admiral Lucas? Admiral Lucas, do you copy? Admiral Lucas, come in? We have to call a rescue team. We've lost all contact. There's no one out there to rescue. Jax? Jax! Xander's gone. Let's go find your mother, Jax. Welcome to Clayton's world. These are the aliens which attacked Earth. They must be the foot soldiers of the Ancients. We are receiving a universal distress call from the Zatarian warship, N'kantu. I've seen this before. I might have a moment to enjoy the night before my wedding with a beautiful girl who doesn't want to kill me first. - Is there anything I can do? - Get me the hell out of here! The destruction of this universe has already begun. We're leaving the Earth for good. Greg? Yeah. Kill, Ubu, kill! Good fish. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 