Pandora: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pandora 
 s1e1 - Shelter from the Storm - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pandora (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Shelter from the Storm - full transcript 
 After the death of her parents, Jax matriculates at the Fleet Training Academy on Earth where she learns to defend the Galaxy from intergalactic threats, and makes a shocking discovery about her own identity. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Be back for dinner, mommy-o. Jax. Hey, Jax, wait. Sorry. Welcome to Earth. You're not Professor Osborn. You're perceptive, I see. I'm his teaching assistant, Xander Duvall. I was told I'd be meeting Dr. Osborn, so... Yeah, he was supposed to. He wanted to, in fact. But he's very busy, so he sent me instead. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You think he'd find the time to meet the orphaned niece he's never met. Yeah, like I said, he's... Very busy. I heard you. I'm not sure we're completely getting off on the right foot here, are we? Well, it appears I'm not the only one who's perceptive. I had a class with your mother... when I was a freshman. She was an inspiring teacher. I'm sorry for your loss. That's very kind of you. I suppose we should go get my duffels then. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You may just be strong enough to carry all of them. Interesting he chose to model his home on the Queen Anne's. Not what I was expecting. Yeah? What were you expecting? Certainly not to find my uncle aspiring to live in the home of a bonanza king. Even if just a very impressive replica. Is that you, Mr. Duvall? It is, Professor. Uncle. Jacqueline. Sorry I was unable to greet you personally, but it is most agreeable to finally meet you after all these years, sadly under such unfortunate circumstances. I appreciate your help, uncle. It's been a difficult few months as I'm sure you can imagine. I presume you've already been briefed on your dispensation. If you mean that as my only living relative, I'm now your burden, then yes. Hardly a burden, my dear. I'm not an emotional man, but I loved your mother dearly. And to her, family was everything. I feel it incumbent upon me to make sure that you're looked after/ It's what she would have wanted. Is there any news on the investigation? None as of yet, but I'll see what I can find out. In the interim, you're aware I arranged with the chancellor for you to matriculate this semester at the Fleet Training Academy. I appreciate you interceding on my behalf. The school year started two weeks ago, but based on your grades you should have no problem playing catch-up. And if there's anything else you need... Quite right. Mr. Duvall can assist you. He's one of my brightest pupils. Please feel free to rely on him for any of your immediate needs. I certainly will, uncle. Now as Mr. Duvall said, the school year has indeed commenced, and I am already quite inundated with work, so if you'll excuse me, I'll see you both on Friday for dinner here promptly at 7:00. Of course. Such a warm and sociable man. Great men like the professor are often somewhat quirky. Not the word I would've used. Anything else I can help you with? What do you know about my the death of my parents? Nothing. I only T.A. for the professor, and as you can imagine, he's pretty tight-lipped. Of course. I guess I'll be seeing you around then. Sooner than you might like. I'll be seeing you in class. May I assist you? Is this Interstellar Protocol? Stellar Cartography. Wrong class. Sorry. Protocol is more than simple etiquette. It's not about manners or pleasantries. It's about respecting customs and traditions utilizing proper diplomatic formality. For instance, if I wanted to convey my profound indignation over the inability of a cadet to arrive on time in my class... how exactly would I do that? I'm so sorry, I didn't... To misunderstand the culture you're communicating with is one of the worst mistakes an officer can make in a first contact situation. Seemingly incomprehensible acts can often be better understood when one examines the situation from the opposite perspective. And there are some worlds in which failure to adhere to proper protocol can have the direst of consequences. Consider yourself lucky this is not one of them. Wouldn't you agree, Miss Zhou? Shral didn't need to be such a scum weasel. It's my first day. I got lost on the way to class. Are all the professors here so awful? Actually, most of the profs are pretty neat. Except Osborn. That man is a total ass. He's also my uncle. Oops. I guess I shouldn't have said anything. - I'm so sorry. - Oh, I agree. He is a total ass. I'm Jax. Nice to meet you. Atria. So where you headed now, Jax? Back to the dorm. I have a ton of assignments to catch up on. Well, I'm going to hang at the Black Hole. - Want to come with? - Black Hole? Center of gravity on campus. Lounge, bar, hangout. Place where you can unwind. And if you ever wanted to hear some really bad poetry, it's the place to do that too. Did I mention it's a great place to meet hot guys also? Not on my dance card this semester. - I have other obligations. - You say that now. Oh, that's Tom. He's also in Shral's class. You'll like him. He's not your average joystick jockey. - Fighter pilot? - Wannabe. Hopefully, he'll wise up and get on a command track. He's way too smart to be flying jets in space. Glad you haven't got many bruises from that unprovoked attack in class today. Ugh. That you can see. Sumi Starburst for you, Tommy Boy. Hey, Atria. The usual and... and the new girl. - Jax. - Jax. What can I get you? Just a shoulder to cry on. That I can definitely provide. Let me guess. Osborn. No. Shral carved her up and spit her out real good this morning. I had him last year. His bark is worse than his bite. He's a pretty decent instructor once you get to know him. - What year are you? - Just finished my undergrad. On the med track now, looking to get on board an exploratory vessel as a CMO. Ah, a doctor. Well, not yet. And with the way this semester's been going, maybe never. Well, I love the humility. Not to mention a man who's good with his hands. So, what's your story Jax? Oh, not much to tell, really. Yeah, somehow I doubt that. Her parents were killed at New Portland. Didn't you hear? Yeah, I heard. Everybody heard. But just because it's on my mind doesn't mean it's on my tongue. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to... Fine. It's not any kind of secret. Old news. Really. Hello. Could I get a...? Come to think of it, I think I am going to get that drink. I got this. - Bartender. - What can I get you? He'll have a Blue Safari, and so will I. If you wake up with a massive headache in the morning, you can blame me. Why are you talking to me? Why shouldn't I? I mean, if you'd prefer, I can go back and hang with my... I guess I can't really call them my friends, because I just met them, but the group I'm hanging with. Are you with the Earth Intelligence Services? Not very trusting of the kindness of strangers, I see. Come on. Drinking alone is called alcoholism. Much better to do it with a crowd. Go on. - So, what's your name? - Ralen. I'm Jax, this is Greg, Thomas and Atria. She's easy to recognize, because she's the only one who's a natural purple. - I see. - So... you're the Zatarian ambassador's son, huh? I have that privilege. What made you decide to join the Academy, Ralen? Other than spying on all of you? That was my attempt at humor. It can't be easy being the first Zatarian to ever attend the Academy since the war. I can't imagine it's any easier for you. There's not a long history of clones belonging to the Adari sect joining the space fleet. That's true, but that's because we're considered as property and our masters won't let us pursue a formal education. So how did you convince your master to let you go the Academy? Adari masters aren't known for emancipating their clones. I killed him. Ahem. Here. - Excuse me? - I could tell you desperately wanted some chips, but didn't want to ask. - Telepath? - Part. My mother was a captain in EarthCom. My pops, telepathic. In the C.I.S.? No. Jail. He got busted in Macau for cheating at cards. Wasn't the first time either. Not what Earth Intelligence had in mind - when they created telepaths. - Yeah. Wasn't really what I had in mind for a dad either. So, what really brings you to the Academy, Ralen? I have always thought the best way to avoid another conflict between our two respective races is to understand each other better. That's why I prevailed upon my father to have the Earth ambassador to Zatar request that my application to the Academy be accepted. So, what do you think so far, mate? Earth preaches a set of values across the galaxy about tolerance and diversity, but I have yet to see the actions of your people meet their high-sounding words. Until today. Tell you what. Since we're now apparently the paragons of human virtue, allow me to offer you the chance to join our study group. You and Jax, of course. Not easy to make it at the Academy alone. We're stronger together than apart. I will accept your invitation. We got to go, but we'll see you soon. We're needed in space. They a couple? Not yet. He has a girlfriend on Vega 5, which won't last much longer. For some reason, 147-trillion-mile-distance relationships never work. Why? You interested? Nah. Not in him. I like Ralen. What do you think? We'll see. I'm having a tough time reading him. Maybe he just doesn't like you poking around inside his head. I know I don't. Zatarian attack ship closing. Should I attempt to hail them? They're heading towards us and not communicating. Could be trouble. Weapons hot. All pulse cannons online. Prepare to fire on my mark. But Tom, we don't know their intentions. We do now. Hey. Let's go again. Maybe this time a little bit less chattering, little bit more blasting, yeah? Might help. Hey, Miss Congeniality. You busy downloading from the datacore again? Sorry to interrupt your reboot. I wish you wouldn't call it that. You know we call it meditation. I met some people today. They invited us to join their study group. I said yes for both of us. Are you sure that is wise? What do you know of them and their abilities? I know I like them. Not necessarily the best criteria to evaluate their suitability as study partners. Why do you always have to act so superior? Because I am superior. It's not narcissism, it's an empirical fact. Right, well, one of them is Zatarian. Ralen? - Yeah. You know him? - I know of him. We should be wary. Why? Because he is Zatarian. We do not know his true motives for being here. - I do. - You do? Yeah. He said he wants to bring our races closer together through mutual understanding. - And you believe him? - Why shouldn't I? - Because he is Zatarian. - You said that already. You have to understand, the Zatarian are violent and warlike. They're treacherous and wary of other species. They're victims of their basest instincts. I could say the same thing about human beings, and we struggle to overcome them every day. So you're saying you're not going to be in the study group? I thought you believed in respect for all races. Isn't it reasonable to evaluate this Zatarian on his own merits and give him a chance before convicting him of your own personal prejudice? I will participate in your study group. What? I said I'll participate in your study group. Oh, well, I'm glad to hear that. - Now I got to go. - Where are you going? Dinner at my uncle's. Should be lots of fun. Tons of laughs You'd love it. Want to come? No. You clean up well. I could say the same about you. How was your first day of school? I'd prefer not to think about it. I mean, I got raked over the coals by my prof today. - Shral? - Yeah, Shral. He was a real ass, if you know what I mean. No, I mean, hello, Professor Shral. Mr. Duvall. Pleasure to see you, as always. Ah, Miss Zhou. Mm. I thought I recognized that voice. A word of advice. A good officer needs to get along with all kind of personality. Those you like, those you don't. Other species you can't even begin to understand. You'd be wise to remember that. Enjoy the party. You're taking perverse glee in my predicament, aren't you? Never. You know, I admire a man who still has books. The touch and the feel of paper. You know, it's tangible. And as much as we've gained as a civilization, I feel we've lost to life in our digital age. Ellison Pevney, Miss Zhou. I knew your parents well. My condolences. Professor Pevney, it is an honor, sir. The pleasure is all mine. And I am delighted that you will be in my Earth History class this semester. As am I. Do you mind me asking, is there any news of your parents? I keep asking the same thing repeatedly, and no one seems to know anything. Well, surely your uncle can help. Help with what? Donovan. We were just talking about you. We were talking about the investigation into the attack on New Portland. I'm afraid I have no news to report. I've just learned the investigation has been closed. An entire colony was just obliterated. How can they just close the investigation? I wish I had better news. If EarthCom doesn't find out what happened, I will. You realize that's quite impossible, of course. We'll see what's impossible. Anyways, you'll have to excuse me. It's been a long week, and I have a lot of work to catch up on. Thank you for the gracious invitation. What was all that about? She doesn't know, does she? No. I don't like it, Donovan. I think you're making a mistake. You need to tell her the truth. For what it's worth, I'm with Ellison on this one, Professor. That is your right. But even if you disagree with my orders, I do expect you to follow them. I just want you to know that you still have my father's full support. And mine, of course. That is indeed a comfort. By the way, I understand you already know the girl. Not well. She dated my sister for awhile. But you knew that already, didn't you, Professor? I may have heard something to that effect. Don't fence with me, Osborn. My father won't always control Parallax. If he keeps harvesting the organs of clones he grows to sustain his frail body, he may just live forever. You should try it. We'll see. One day Humpty Dumpty may not be able to put himself back together again. I think it's time you run back to Io and report. Your father is not renowned for his patience. Neither am I. So I advise you to tread carefully. The company may be mine sooner than you think. I wonder what your sister, Odessa, would say about that. I doubt she'll be in a position to say anything. And if you don't watch your tongue with me, neither will you. Forget it! Let's go! Prior to this, World War I had been mistakenly and over-optimistically called "the war to end all wars." But two decades later, the continent would again find itself on the brink of conflict in the Second World War, as you can see. Enter. You missed the study group. I came to see if you were all right. I'm fine. Human behavior remains a bit of an enigma to me, but that was clearly a lie. I guess it is. I've just... I've been thinking a lot about my parents lately. They were killed in an attack. New Portland colony? You heard about that? My father is the Zatarian ambassador. There's not much in the sector I don't know about. Of course. One of the reasons I agreed to come here was I thought I might be able to find out more about what happened to my parents. And now it's been three months, and I don't know any more today than the day they were murdered. And then I find out they closed the investigation entirely. So now, I may never find out what really happened to them. And no one really seems to care about them or me. I care. And I'm not the only one. We are your friends, Jax. I am your friend. Well, I appreciate that. But unless you have a ship with EM-FTL capabilities, I'm not sure there's much you can do. I do. Do what? I might have access to a ship with light speed capabilities. I think I may have just found my new best friend. Are you sure this is legal? We are students matriculated at the Academy. And this ship is property of the Academy. Are you saying this ship doesn't belong to you? Let's not split hairs, as you humans say. Excuse me? It's an old model training vessel. They won't miss it. School is not back in session for several more days. So how do we get to it? They're not just going to let us fly it out of here. I've already made arrangements. Happy birthday! I can understand if you don't want to tell me how old you are, but it can't be a day over 30. Oh. Well, it's not my birthday. It's not? But I have a delivery order right here for William Rogers. I'm Elias Wilson. Oh. There must be some kind of mistake. But you're the flight chief, right? I am. What are you doing here? Well, rumor has it you were going on a little trip, and I love to travel. Look, I appreciate the sentiment, but I don't think it's a good idea if you try and tag along. I don't know how long we're going to be there, or what we're going to find. Well, sounds like we don't have any more time to waste talking about it then. I sure wouldn't mind trying some of this tasty-looking cake. It's a long night, and I can't leave my station. Oh, I can't. But I can give you something sweet, because you're so nice. What are you doing? Did you just kiss that man? Well, of course. It's his birthday, kind of. Is that true? Is it your birthday? Well, no, not really. Then why are you kissing my girlfriend? I... Nice work. Thank you. Now I'm really hungry. That cake looked so yummy. I just hope we're not making a mistake. I mean, we could get expelled for this. What have we gotten ourselves into? No idea. But I do know remember one thing my sisters used to tell me: Be a voice, not an echo. You know, for years, I lived as a slave among the Adari because I wasn't considered a real human being. No one spoke for me. So I'll tell you, Tom, I'll never turn my back on someone who needs my help. Ever. You're amazing, you know that? Stars can't shine without darkness. How far to planetfall? At present speed, 16 hours, 24 minutes. Okay. Anyone got anything to pass the time? I do love my classical. ♪ It's poetry in motion ♪ ♪ She turned her tender eyes To me ♪ ♪ She blinded me with science ♪ ♪ She blinded me With science ♪ ♪ And failed me in geometry Yeah ♪ Scans? I'm detecting an EarthCom vessel in orbit around the planet. Registry, ECOM-19. It's the battle cruiser Tereshkova. That's strange. Osborn said the investigation had been closed. Apparently not completely. Can we get any closer without being detected? I can try bringing her down from a parallel orbit on the deck and below the ionosphere. This ship is small enough it may not read on their scanners. - Do it. - Aye, aye, cap. I can also deactivate the transponder codes, which will make it less likely they'll read us as well. Yeah, but if they do, without our transponder codes, they may open fire thinking we're one of the marauders who attacked the planet. There is that too. Jax, I'm detecting life-forms. I think it's time we join them. Put her down near the colony where she won't be seen. I'm heading to the surface to see what's really going on. - Ralen, you up for a walk? - I am. Greg, stay here with the ship. We'll let you know as soon as we know more. I didn't travel thousands of light years to let you go down there alone. Besides, it might actually hurt my feelings if I found out you only brought me along for my charm and good looks. Well, I'd never want to hurt your feelings. The encampment where we lived isn't far from here. So, what are we looking for, exactly? - A reason. - A reason? A reason for the attack. And what if there wasn't one? There's always a reason. Seemingly incomprehensible acts can often be understood when examined from the opposite perspective. Or so I've been told. - What is that? - I don't know. But I know what it's not. The C.I.S. hasn't remotely closed their investigation. So either Professor Osborn was misinformed... Or was lying. I'm going down there. Stay here. Yeah, we're not letting you go alone. This I need to do myself. The Cronin? They're a long way from home. What do you make of that? I do not know. But Cronin rarely travel this far from their mother world unless they have a very good reason. We need to go tell Jax. Jax does not need or want our help. We must be patient. I wouldn't presume to understand Jax. And you do? Because you wish to be intimate with her. I only want to help her find out what happened to her parents. Of course. Clearly, I misread your motives. You got me. Next time I hang out with her, I'm taking her somewhere romantic, like Euphoria 7. Ah, the pleasure planet. So you've heard of it then. Yes. We should have annihilated it during the war. You shouldn't be here. What the hell are you doing here? I could ask you the same question. - This was my home. - Not anymore. Everything I know was stolen from me. I deserve to know why. Look, you could get in a lot of trouble. I've had to call... I've had to call in more than a few favors to cover for the fact that you stole a ship. And even if you don't care, think of your friends. You have to return to the Academy, now. You never answered my question. What are you doing here, Xander? I'm here to keep you from getting expelled. Nice try. Try again. Well, you're just going to have to trust me. - Why in the worlds would I? - I wish I had a reason, but sometimes you just have to have a little faith. Well, I'm afraid that's in short supply these days. - This mean anything to you? - Should it? They're images recovered from your mother's workstation at the dig site. "The obstacle is the path." What does that mean? Why are you looking at me like that? Are you absolutely sure that's what it says? Aren't you? - How do you know? - I don't know. I guess my mother must have said something. We've had hundreds of xenolinguistic experts and cryptologists, and hundreds of thousands of hours on the datastream trying to decode that image, and none of them have been able to crack it. Are you absolutely sure that's what it says? Yes. Your mother never showed you that. Of course she did. How else would I know what it says? No, those were the images she was working on decoding when the colony was attacked and she was killed. What's really going on here, Xander? I can't tell you. But I can tell you that what your parents discovered may well be a threat to our entire galaxy. I need to see what's inside this cave. No. You need to go. Not until I see it for myself. We're detecting some sort of immense power. Energy signatures off the charts. You've never been here before, I presume? Can't say that I have. There's something else you should see. Your parents never told you about any of this? To be honest, I always found their work pretty dull. I guess I was wrong. What does it mean? I don't know. There's something on the other side of that portal. - The obstacle is the path. - Stand by. I need further instructions from Earth before proceeding. Good thing I don't. One thing's for sure, we're not in Kansas anymore. What? Never mind. Any idea where we are? I wish I knew. Commander Duvall, are you there? Do you copy? We're okay. Hold your positions. Await further instructions. It seems to have created some sort of stable wormhole, where we were and where we are. Why? You tell me. You opened it. Dr. Slavin? Dr. Slavin, report. Report! Something's not right. We need to leave, now. I'm staying. This may have something to do with what happened to my parents. This time I'm not taking no for an answer. Stay down. Jax! You okay? Is it dead? Just stunned. For now. Not going to say anything, are you? Of course not. So how about I tell you who you are. You're some sort of intergalactic secret agent working for military intelligence. Not going to tell me if I'm getting warmer, colder... - If I could tell you... - You would. Got it. And what about my uncle? What does he have to do with this? He sent my parents to New Portland, didn't he? Did he know they would be attacked? What about my friends? What'll happen to them? I'll accompany all of you back to the Academy on the Earhart. We'll chalk it up to some sort of hazing prank. There won't be any disciplinary action. I like you, Xander. Against my better judgment, I do. But you know I am never going to let this go. I know. The worst part is never getting to say goodbye. You never really appreciate your parents until they're gone. And I think they knew how much I loved them. At least, I hope so. God, I miss them. Good night, Xander. Good night, Jax. Doctor, what do you have for me? I completed my analysis of its DNA. Not only does it share the same nucleobases as all known terrestrial life, its genome is practically identical to that of Homo sapiens. Or at least the part of the code actually endemic to our species. That said, some of what would normally be non-coding genes in humans appears to be active. And that's its DNA there? Yes and no. I don't have time for games, doctor. No game, Agent Duvall. It's virtually the same DNA, but it's not from the specimen. It's the DNA you took from the girl. She has the same active sequences. Are you saying that she's not human? That's exactly what I'm saying. You're late. I accompanied the students home on the Earhart. The Tereshkova will leave New Portland in 36 hours and return the specimen to Earth. I received your preliminary report. I believe things may be worse than we initially feared. You're wrong about her. I might very well be, but we can't afford to take that chance, or Pandora could be responsible for the death of every man, woman and child in existence. She's your niece. Her name is Jax. Call her that. Don't use her code name. I know you're fond of the girl. But this Pandora is a lot like her mythical antecedent. She was curious too. And by the time she opened her box, it was too late to stop the demons she unleashed into the world. And I assure you, this Pandora's demons are very, very real. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 