Pandora: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pandora 
 s1e6 - What Was It You Wanted - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pandora (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - What Was It You Wanted - full transcript 
 When Pilar's bio-organic implants are hacked, Jax and Ralen lead an investigation to help save their friend and find out who's responsible and stop them from continuing to torment Pilar. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [narrator] Pandora... I may be an empath, but I-- I'm no mind reader. My dad served in the military, too. He said EarthCom did some pretty messed up stuff during the War. The only reason you came on in this little adventure was because I promised you information about what happened to your parents. [Thomas] You used me like you always do to get what you wanted. You don't care whose lives you put at risk to do that. Why do you always have to act so superior? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Because I am superior. -[scoffs] -[Pilar] It's not narcissism. It's an empirical fact. ♪ You say goodbye ♪ Atria's been bugging me to do a night up at that new spa up on The Pearl. I hear it's great. I hear it's expensive. Oh, come on, it'll be a fun trip up the space elevator. We deserve a night of R & R with a little zero-g massages, maybe a facial. I would very much like to attend also. Sorry, no C chromosomes allowed. Girls only, Ralen. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But why don't you and Thomas plan a boys' night together, do something fun. Like throwing chairs. [laughs] Is that your idea of fun? On Zatar, throwing chairs is considered quite entertaining. You will never guess what I found out. You know, that very stud-muffinly young teacher's assistant that you don't want to admit you're so crushing on? You mean Xander? -Mmm. -Mmm-hmm. He has a birthday tomorrow, and he doesn't want anyone to know about it. Well, then he obviously told the wrong person. Was that a joke? Just an insight I've made from observing Atria's behavioral patterns. So in other words, it's a joke. [laughs] Well, he didn't tell me. He told Kossara, and then Kossara told me. Why would he tell the bartender that he's having birthday if he didn't want anyone to--? You're Delaney Pilar, aren't you? I am. But you may call me Pilar. I am Jet. I'm in Shral's Interstellar Protocol class with you. You know, maybe we could get together to study -one day. -[chuckles] Well, she's already in a study group. -Would you like to--? -[Pilar] No, thank you, Jet. Maybe next semester. Oh, how about dinner this semester? Ah, sorry, I'm really busy. But I appreciate the invitation. You obviously have time for drinks with your friends, but you have no problem blowing me off, huh? [chuckling] Don't tell me you're with this Zit? I'm not "with" anyone. And I'm definitely not interested in being "with" you. You know, someone's gonna knock you off that pedestal one day, -you smug-- -I suggest you walk away. Now. [scoffs] You OK? When you're as attractive and smart as I am, unfortunately, these things happen more frequently than I'd like. But I'm fine. Could I get a Sumi Starburst, please? What's wrong with that one? Are you sure you're OK? Never better. Like many Sumi customs, their dining etiquette is highly ritualized. They begin each meal by praising the host and declaring themselves unworthy of his or her generosity. What might the Sumi make of the old Earth tradition of touching glasses to make a toast? Ms. Larson. As it says in chapter three Simak's Guide to Interstellar Diplomacy, the Sumi are very sensitive to gestures of respect and disrespect, so I think they would appreciate the honor of someone making a toast to them. [Shral] Then I sincerely hope you don't pursue a career in interstellar relations, or we might find ourselves in yet another war. [all laughing] Who would like to explain Ms. Larson's error? Ms. Pilar, please enlighten us with your wisdom. As it says in chapter four Simak's Guide, the Sumi are also extremely sensitive to germs and contamination. They'd find the gesture of touching their glass, or any other eating utensil, to someone else's to be repulsive. And possibly an act of violence and hostility. Excellent. War with the Sumi mercifully averted. -[bell rings] -[all laughing] [Shral] Class dismissed. [door opens] -Hey... -I'm used to it. Some people think I have an unfair advantage because of my nanites and connection to the datastream. But that only helps with things like rote memorization, which the Academy isn't about. The teachers here expect analysis and critical thinking. I have to do that with my own brain, just like everybody else. You study harder than anyone I know. You deserve those straight A's. Speaking of studying, I talked to Xander about needing some extra tutoring from him, and I've arranged to have him come to the Black Hole tomorrow at exactly 1900 hours. God, I love surprise parties. And boy, is he gonna be surprised. Do you think that maybe, since he didn't tell anybody it was his birthday, that-- -[thud] -Pilar! Pilar, can you hear me? Pilar! Can you hear me? Pilar, wake up! [theme music playing] [indistinct chattering] Are the doctors going to call when they know what's wrong? I hope so. I'm listed as Pilar's emergency contact but... never thought she'd actually need it. Maybe I should go back to the medical center and see if she's OK. No need. [gasps] They released you. Are you OK? Should you not be getting more tests? Oh, I already got plenty. Anyway, the cute doctor gave me a thorough check up, including diagnostics of all of my implants and nanites. I'm entirely fine. Other than the fact the doctor already has a girlfriend. So, what happened? Why did you collapse? Just exhaustion and stress, they said. Apparently it happens to a lot of freshman. But you haven't been exhausted or stressed, have you? Only... with mid-terms coming up, I guess I've been pushing myself too hard. Maybe we should do that spa day sooner than later. Oh, can I? Still no. OK. [beeping] [door opens] Where you going, P? [door closes] [dance music playing] [indistinct chattering] -[woman gasps] -[glass breaks] Wha--? [girl] Stop looking. [girl 2] She's hot. [gasps] [indistinct chattering] [girl] Could you stop staring? This is not stress. This is something way more serious. I think I was sleepwalking. You don't just suddenly start sleepwalking. And yesterday, you collapsed leaving class. I think something could be seriously wrong with you. The doctors said my bios were completely normal. Maybe it's not something physical. I assure you there is nothing wrong with me. I am functioning at peak efficiency. You know, if you're ever worried about anything, you can talk to me, right? I just need to rest and recharge. I will meditate on the datastream again before Xander's party. -I'm worried about you. -You needn't be. I am looking forward to the party tomorrow and watching the two of you do your "we don't have the hots for each other" mating dance. -We don't have-- -Good night, Jax. Good night, P. [beeping] Aah... What is it? Are you all right? No. You woke me up with all that yelling. What are you talking about, silly? You said you really wanted a strawberry milkshake? No, I didn't. Although I was thinking about one. What's wrong? I don't know. Ever since me and my pop mind dived, my telepathic powers seem to be growing. So, what am I thinking now? Did you just do what I think you did? That's telekinesis, not telepathy. How is that even possible? You can't tell anyone about this. Why not? It's too dangerous. The ETC did horrible things to my pop during the war. If they found out that I inherited some of his abilities, then-- The war is long over. The Corps was disbanded years ago. They're always planning for the next one. And I can't put you or any of our friends in danger. Isn't that a little paranoid? EarthCom doesn't do things like that... do they? [all laughing] Pilar au naturel. Oh... Thank you, God. Is everything all right, Pilar? Of course. Uh... See you tonight at the party. [music playing] Pilar, where are you? All right. Xander's gonna be here in a few minutes. Everybody hide! -[blows party horn] -[laughs] Where is Pilar? Is she not attending? She'll be here. She said she wouldn't miss it. And then, last night, I had this amazing breakthrough on my paper. The Battle of Proxima Centauri has always been considered a turning point in the Earth-Zatarian War, but didn't EarthCom really gain the advantage after the Siege Of 2187? [scoffs] Well, uh, that's certainly an... interesting thesis. You don't agree? It doesn't matter whether I agree or not, as long as you have facts to back up your arguments. Oh. Thanks, Xander. Thank you. That is good advice. Now, just one more thing-- [all] Surprise! [Thomas] Happy birthday! Thanks. Thank you. Many happy returnings. [laughs] Is that not right? It's close enough. Well, this is certainly a surprise. Well, you can thank Atria for that. She insisted we do something for your birthday. Obviously. Thank you. Thank you, Atria. Happy birthday, Xander. [Atria] Oh. Oh, hug him already! [sighs] Sushi? Yeah. Great. [blows party horn] [laughs] You know I really do appreciate this. I didn't realize how much I needed a break from work. Ah... yes, work. Too bad you can't tell me what that is. Although, I am sure saving the galaxy can be quite exhausting. -Hmm. -Hmm. You looking for someone who's not me? Pilar. She was supposed to be here by now. I gotta go. You're leaving already? Why? Do you want me to stay? Well, I didn't say that exactly. Hey, ah... You're learning. Anyways, I gotta go check on Pilar and make sure she's OK. By the way, you never told me what you wanted for your birthday. You never asked. Well, I'm asking now. Well, how 'bout I tell you when you get back? Deal. [sighs] [electronic female voice] Welcome home, Jax. Pilar, where--? [metal clanking] [gasps] [mumbling, panting] Pilar. Jax. I think I'm broken. [sobbing] I'm broken, Jax. There's got to be something wrong with my bio-organic. It's the only explanation for what's wrong with me. Stop that! What are you talking about? This isn't stress. Something in me is malfunctioning. Something the doctors missed. There's got to be an error with my implants or the core data program that controls the nanites in my bloodstream that's affecting my motor functions. [sniffles] I didn't want to tell anyone 'cause I was afraid you'd think I was crazy or just making this whole thing up. No one who knows you would ever think that. We just want to help you. If there's nothing physically wrong with me or my implants, then it must all be in my mind. Maybe it's not my parts, maybe I'm the one having a breakdown. I don't know what's wrong, but we're gonna figure this out. Together. OK? You've thoroughly analyzed all of your bio-organics? What about their source code? Not yet. Then let's go through them, line by line, until we find the glitch. What if there is no glitch? What if it's me, Jax? What if I'm the one who's broken? No matter what, I will always be here for you. You're not alone. [sniffles] Thanks, Jax. I've never really understood what it's like to have a real friend. I never needed one until today. [sighs] -[music playing] -[snoring] Happy birthday, lieutenant. What? I said happy birthday, Xander. It's almost morning, and you haven't even unwrapped your present yet. Kossara... not tonight. Thank you. It's been a long night. [strains] We've found nothing. It's hopeless. And now I really am exhausted. Wait... look at this. It's the code for your dataport. This one line keeps doing that. It could have been so easy for the doctors to miss it in their diagnostics. It's not your hardware, it's your software. I think we just found the glitch. I don't think it was a mistake. It looks like a back door was programmed into the code to access the datastream... and me. I thought the datastream was impossible to hack. Even the Zatarians couldn't do it during the War. It is impossible... without a back door like this. Who could have put that there? Most likely, the original programmer at the company that manufactured the dataport. Let me guess. Parallax. But why would they want to hack your implants? I have no idea. There's only one reason to put malicious code in there. Whoever did that wanted to be able to control you. I feel so completely violated, Jax. What do you say we cut their strings, Pinocchio? I don't know. Once we sever the connection, whoever's responsible won't be able to control you anymore. But if I leave it disconnected, I won't be able to access the datastream again. No. At least not until we track down who's been doing this to you. [Pilar] How do we do that? I've been on the datastream my whole life. I don't even know how to exist without it. Do you trust me? I'm learning to. [sniffles] I haven't always been as loyal to my friends as I should have. But I only want to help you. I know that. Good. 'Cause I need you to believe me when I say we can't do this alone. We're going to need some help. It's absolutely inconceivable. So you don't believe me? Of course I do, Ms. Pilar. [sighs] I just find it unconscionable that anyone could inflict this kind of suffering on you. We have to do something about this. It appears logical that Parallax is responsible for the flaw in the code. If you can figure out why, that will help you determine the who. But... what could anybody want from me? I wish I could answer that. What happened at the Black Hole and then those holograms of her, that's personal. Someone has a grudge against Pilar. Do you know anyone who might fit that description, Ms. Zhou? As a matter of fact I do. [bell rings] Hey, Jet. We need to talk to you. About Pilar. Yeah, sure. I'd love to talk about her, especially those big, round-- Whoa! [grunts] Man, this guy's fast. Perhaps that's why he goes by the moniker "Jet." Do you think? [panting] [laughs] [grunts] [groans] I'm so sorry. [bell rings] How clumsy of me. [Jet grunts] Ow, you're hurting me, man! That is my intention. What do you want? You tell us, genius. You're the one with all the tricked out uber-tech, so you must have all the answers. Yeah. Something about Pilar, right? You are correct, Jax. He does possess a keen degree of mental acuity, after all. What do you want me to say? I couldn't resist sending out that holo-nude after she flamed me. We know you are the one who hacked her dataport and forced her to behave in such an uncharacteristic fashion. I didn't hack anybody! You-- You can't hack the datastream. It's impossible. How did you find out about the back door in the datastream code? What back door? [stammers] I have no idea what you're talking about. [groans] If you continue to be duplicitous, I may be forced to apply some Zatarian methods of persuasion. We call it the mind ripper. The English translation is not entirely accurate, but I believe you get the point. I've never tried this on a human before, but there's a first time for everything. No, no, no. Look-- Look, I'm sorry I embarrassed your friend, OK? But I never hacked her. I don't have that kind of tech. Really! -Uh, hello? What is this? -Ow! I'm commencing a mind ripper. OK, OK, look, it's all fake, OK? My implants don't actually do anything. They're just for show. Speak. [sighs] The hacker crowd I run with... they can afford all this incredible tech. Or their parents can, anyway. My family don't have the credits to afford it. So... I fake it. This... This is just an ordinary contact lens. Yeah. And-- And this, this is a real dataport, but it isn't connected to anything. And this tech on my face is a cheap fake. Guys, I-- I couldn't have hacked your friend, or anyone, even if I wanted to. I think he's telling the truth, Ralen. [sighs] If you did not hack Pilar, then who did? How the hell should I know? Whoa. No, no, please. This is your crowd, right? They're always trying to one-up each other with the most difficult hacks. So if someone was able to pull off the impossible and hack the datastream, they would tell everyone, would they not? Tell us who's been extolling their cybernetic acumen and technical aptitude. Uh... You... Bragging. Who's been bragging? [sighs] You don't know what these people would do to me if you cross them. You should be more worried about what I'll do to you. -Come on. -Wait, stop! Stop! I can give you the names of some people I think could have done it. But I don't know for sure. How are you supposed to relax when it's so quiet without any voices in your head? The idea is to feel your own body, -listen to your own thoughts. -[exhales] -[inhales] -I don't like my own thoughts. I keep remembering how completely helpless I felt that night at the Black Hole. And then those holo-nudes Jet sent to the entire school. [shudders] Normally, I could block it out by flooding my mind with sounds and images from the datastream. But... You've never been off the datastream this long, have you? Not since I was six years old. That's when I first got my implants. I don't even remember my life before that. The datastream has always been there. I didn't have any brothers or sisters. Or really any friends. It was a way to not feel so alone anymore. I don't know how you concentrate with all those sounds and images in your head all the time. When I'm on the datastream, it feels like I'm connected to something larger than myself. Do you ever feel that way? I guess that's why I joined the Academy. To find that something. I had it, and I've lost it. [exhales] I can't help thinking, what if I have to keep off the datastream forever to keep this from happening again? That is not going to happen. Maybe those other students were right to resent me. I've spent months convincing everybody how superior I am because of my enhancements. Without them... I don't know who I am. You said it yourself... the datastream can only get you so far. You've still had to work hard to succeed at this Academy. Even without the enhancements, you are still beautiful and funny and brilliant and kind... a true friend. I know that should be enough. But this hacker stole something from me, and I can't just let it go. None of us are. I promise. We should get to class. I'm not sure I can face other people today. Not if they're still talking about-- Fine then. We'll ditch class. No. You should go. And leave you alone with all this quiet? I don't think so. I'll be OK. You go to class. The study group needs you. Without me, they'll need the second smartest student in the group. [laughs] I'll be OK. I'll see you later. OK. [door opens] [door closes] Perhaps we are approaching this incorrectly. If we can determine how the interloper took control of Pilar, that may help us identify who is responsible. From what I learned from talking to Professor Baker in the engineering department, they could be anywhere on the datastream. They wouldn't even have to be close to Pilar to mess with her. Which would explain Parallax's involvement. But why choose her? Shral thinks there might be a personal connection. But if that were the case, wouldn't the hacker want to watch her every moment? At least while he's controlling her? Jet was in the Black Hole when Pilar walked in. Jet was also in Professor Shral's class when Pilar collapsed. [music playing] Was that the first incident? No. It was in the Black Hole, when she ordered another Sumi Starburst, even though she had one she hadn't even touched yet. So who else was there? I mean here. Jet, but I am almost positive it wasn't him. There were at least a dozen other people here. But I regret to say I... I don't recall any of them. I have a plan. What if we re-integrate Pilar to the datastream again and wait for the hacker to try something. Only this time, we'll be there waiting for them. It sounds dangerous, Jax. Are you sure Pilar will want to risk going back on the datastream? There's only one way for us to know for certain. We must ask Pilar. [electronic female voice] Welcome home, Jax. Oh, no. Pilar is gone. Like "gone" gone. I can't believe it. sayonara. I don't think she's coming back. [door opens] [electronic female voice] Wassup, Atria? Why is she here? Pilar's in trouble. I know you're upset with me, and I don't blame you. But we really don't have time for this. Pilar has left the Academy. We need to locate her before something else unfortunate happens to her. I'd like to, but what can I do? You can help us find out who's responsible. How's that? We think it's someone who hangs out with Jet and his hacker squad. So if you could just get close enough to read their minds, -then maybe we-- -What? -You told them? -I had to. Pilar needs us. This was supposed to be between us, Atria. It was private. I didn't want you to tell anybody. I told you that. Please, Tommy. If you can read minds after what happened with your father, then you're the only one who can help us help Pilar. I know you don't trust me after I used you to get what I wanted with your father and Tierney, but this isn't about me. This is about our friend. And she needs our help right now. That's why I need to take a leave of absence from the Academy, Dr. Osborn. Well, frankly, I thought you had a much brighter future ahead of you here. That you might be able to make command track eventually, or there could even be a role for you in the C.I.S. Apparently, I was mistaken. I just can't control what's happening to me. I need some time to heal and re-evaluate-- I can assure you you will have ample time to re-evaluate your choices in life. Consider yourself expelled. Expelled? -Uh, but I don't want to leave. I just need-- -[Osborn] You're excused. Good luck with your future endeavors. -But, sir-- -I said you're excused, Ms. Pilar. Good day. [sobbing] Xander? What's wrong? I've been expelled. Surely not. Can you...? Can you talk to the professor? Ask him to reconsider. I just need some time. I understand. You know, I saw those holo-nudes of you. You did? Hey. Don't be embarrassed. You looked amazing. It made me wonder if maybe I've been chasing the wrong girl. -What? -[Xander] Well, you're very beautiful. You have an amazing body. [sighs] Maybe you and I can spend some time together on The Pearl, discuss how I can convince Professor Osborn to let you back into the Academy, hmm? Just you and me. What about Jax? I-I thought you had feelings for her. Pretty sure there's enough of me to go around. Hey. No, no. [footsteps receding] [sniffling] Jax. Oh, I'm so glad to see you. You won't believe what's been happening. What is it? What's happening? I went to your uncle for help, -and he wants me to leave school. -What? -And then Xander. -What about Xander? Oh, it doesn't matter. I'm just glad you're here. Cool. Well, I'm about to go to the Black Hole with Ralen for some drinks. Do you wanna come? No, I... Oh, I think I did something really dumb. Yeah. Walking into the Black Hole naked was pretty stupid. What? You know that wasn't me. Come on, Pilar. We all know what really happened. You had too much to drink, got wasted, it's all very walk of shame-y. [laughs] What are you talking about? I-- I thought you were my friend. How can you say that? [laughing] You're apparently confused. See, Atria's my friend. You're just my roommate. You said that we were more than that. I didn't want to be the one to tell you this, but I have some friends going to college on Europa, and they've all seen your holo-nude. They can't believe that you're my roommate. You're kind of a C-list celebrity now. I gotta go, Jax. Bye, Pilar. [laughs] [Pilar sobbing] [panting] [sobs, sniffles] What do you think you're doing? Oh, my God. Ralen! I think I'm going crazy. I was about to jump. I understand. Would you like me to push you? Don't worry, Jet. We're not here to ask you any more questions about Pilar. Good. 'Cause you know I wouldn't tell you nothing anyway. Neither would my friends because we don't know nothing, right, guys? Of course. Anyways, we found out who's responsible and we just thought you might want to know. We need to go. Now. Did you just tell me to jump? Why not? What do you really have to live for? Unless you want to come back to Zatar with me. My father might have special use for a person with your abilities. What use? Don't be naive. You know why I'm really here. You know who my father is. You will be a-- What did they call them during your Cold War, a "useful idiot" in the battle to come. I would never betray the Confederacy. Why? It has already betrayed you. You found out something, did you not? I did. Except for Jet, they all know about the back door. But only one of them was smart enough to figure out how to use it. Who? Who knew? -Locate Sarika Larson. -[beeps] [Ralen] Go on. Don't stop now. -Jump! -[footsteps approaching] Pilar. What are you doing? I'm going to jump. Isn't that what you want? You'll all be happier when I'm gone. No. Of course not. You said I was lying. That I made it all up. That wasn't me, Pilar. You're in a simulation. None of this is real, but if you jump, your brain could think it is, and you could get seriously hurt. You need to step down, now! Wha--? What are you talking about? This can't be another trick, can it? It is, but I'm not the one playing it on you. You're in the VR Simulator at school. After I left you, you must have logged back onto the datastream and got hacked again. None of this is real. No, no, no... She-- She's lying. Do it. Jump. You're broken. Your friends don't believe you. You're worthless. Weak. And deserve everything that's coming to you. That's not Ralen. It's Sarika. [sighs] Who's Sarika? How do you not know who Sarika is! [Jax] From Shral's class. She's the one who hacked you. She's the one who lured you here. She's jealous of you, and she wanted to hurt you. But you are so much stronger than this. You have always been there for me when I needed you. Let me be there for you now. [shudders] [electronic female voice] VR program terminated. [laughs] [grunts] [groans] [door opens] That must have felt good. [panting] You have no idea. Uh, let me get you another one, Atria. How did you know I--? Why does it have to be like this? I thought after everything-- I did it for Pilar, Jax. Not for you. That's what real friends do for each other. I understand. I have to go. Catch you later, Atria. [Atria] Bye, Thomas. What in the worlds? Ms. Pilar. Just who I was looking for. I... I didn't forget an assignment, did I? Not at all. I have news to share that I thought you'd all like to hear. By unanimous vote of the disciplinary committee, Sarika Larson has been expelled from the Academy. And furthermore, on my recommendation, the civilian authorities have been alerted to pursue assault charges against her. I can't thank you enough for your help, sir. Would you like to join us, professor? -Don't mind if I do. -[Atria chuckles] [chuckles] Yeah. [clears throat] I'm sure you'll be pleased to hear you received a perfect score on your Interstellar Protocol midterm. An impressive feat, considering you were under the weather at the time. And you weren't even back on the datastream yet. That was 100 percent Delaney Pilar. [chuckles] That's wonderful! Yay you! [chuckles] The real congratulations belongs to you guys. You never gave up on me, even after I gave up on myself. Aww. Ms. Larson? Do I know you? Regan Fried. That was a most impressive piece of coding. What do you mean? Let me be frank. We gave the information about the back door flaw to a select number of candidates. You're the only one who exploited it successfully. How do you know about that? We created it. The Parallax Corporation is always looking for creative thinkers like yourself. Would you be interested in a job? [scoffs] Only if I can get back at Delaney Pilar and her friends who ruined my entire life. I'm sure we can accommodate any outside interests you may have. Then you have yourself a deal, Ms. Fried. Apparently, we do understand each other after all. [footsteps approaching] Professor Shral, I didn't realize he was expecting you. Most certainly he is not. -Right, I'll just tell him-- -Don't even bother. [door opens] Oh, Martin, what can I--? You knew. Parallax was using that girl to hack Delaney Pilar. Excuse me. You wanted to use the roommate to spy on Ms. Zhou for you, but what you didn't expect was that she was unreliable and had her own agenda. I do not know why you would think that. I do not work with Parallax, and I certainly would never condone the physical or emotional abuse of one of our students. But... if somebody is attempting to observe Pandora, we need to find out who they are and why. How long do you intend to keep her in the dark about who she really is? Until I know the threat she poses has been neutralized and where the girl's allegiances truly lie. You're playing with fire, Donovan. If you're not careful, you're going to burn. [Osborn] No, Martin. If we don't put out this fire, we all burn. [theme music playing] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 