Pandora: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pandora 
 s1e5 - Most Likely to Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine) - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pandora (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Most Likely to Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine) - full transcript 
 Thomas's telepathic father arrives on campus and tries to enlist his estranged son in a dangerous heist in which nothing is as simple as it appears. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously... What are you talking about, Jax? -Her parents were killed in New Portland I will never go. Leave it alone -Our pop telepathy. -C.I.S? prison My dad served In the military. He said that EarthCom did quite well. Things that got messed up during the war This ship should never be. Reach the ground Tereskova, She died and was destroyed. I have to go out. Work with team different. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Avar Smitov, Duty report You begin to feel Responsible -Magy Koi. -To Magda and Abba. Magda and Abba. Okay, let's focus Similar. It's going to be pretty hairy. Beyond Okay, commander. Close alert. Navigation risk detected I was impressed with the way. You control the ship, pilar You are a natural pilot If you're cold, eat it. You can make jacks using nanotechnology. Ear heart Instructions and sensor system I am better at detecting. More asteroids than the spacecraft itself 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Yes? Hey It's not too late. Rethink the Command Track Next semester I've been thinking But after we lost Magda and Abba, I realized I could not. Take responsibility for others I am only myself. We are all responsible. For others, pilar It's not about you losing It is about them. You can save. That's right. In the rubble Battle cruiser Tereskova. Well done. Your training mission I'll take it from here. Tereskova to explode A few thousand From here Yeah, but it's harmful Double You must have been caught. Attracted by gravity From that asteroid belt. I understand how attractive it is. Okay, commander. I see it every time. You and Jax are together What's up? Anyway, are you two? There is no deal. Keep telling yourself that. Maybe it will actually be. Come to believe What's wrong? I sense something Beacon. Really? Do not take it. Everything in the ship detector Stay outside, trust me OK got it What is it? Because of the distress signal? No, close alert. outside? That's weird I must make money. Additional deductions for this That is the signal. You're coming, Commander. Take a boat As close as possible I'll dress up and get out. You can get it back What do you think this is? I must admit I was suspicious. When you offered to take the filler According to this mission Earthcomm found it. Dozens of times Not very successful But as I wished Filler Nanotechnology Enhancements Could be amplified. Sensitivity of our instruments Well. Are you sure she doesn't do that? Do you know what this is? No, I told you Engine thrust control module And didn't she ask you a question? No, she cares more. Getting an A on the assignment A for filler A-plus for you, Mr. Duval I did some. Preliminary scan, But the material Quantum encrypted It is programmed to do so. When detecting damage You will need to recover your data. It will be restored in a few weeks. Now, Earthcom You should be excited. Tereshkovas Black box Finally found. Absolutely nobody You can see this. Sir, we lost hundreds. The men and women on that ship. That black box It may end. Loved ones I'm looking for it. Tereskova Exploded. As you know. EarthCom is involved Zatarians are going backward. For war If there is something in this recorder Reminiscent of Zatarians Even in close proximity Ruined Tereskova, It can turn on the fuse. In a dispute Much worse Than last time. Millions may die. So we must continue that discovery. Secret of this black box Until detoxified And I know exactly what's the problem? Are you sure what I mean? It's crystal, sir. Oh! I think it just happened. The whole school is atria. Wow, it was fun. And it's a surprise Uh, what surprised you? If you have sex with the same  person many times, It's getting better It could have been. to do Qualitatively For your partner. Oh Or just. Our establishment. Emotional bond You know what? To act like a human being -Hmm. -Find souls. So, how do I know? Which way? It may be both. But let's continue. Until you get the answer Hey. Mmm-mmm. Mmm-mmm. Audio only. Have to come down. I'm going straight to the black hole. It's urgent. As I said before I pass by the given name. Billy Dwayne And I know I can A terrible pain But we are friends Feel free to call me Billy D. Dear Ladies and Gentlemen Right. Billy D! Billy D! Say it again. Are you okay? Actually not. I thought you were excited. To see him What's wrong? Who is that man? He is my father. This lady Rubbed me, handsome I smiled at her. "I pressed the doorbell, Wasn't it? " Ding dong! I do not understand Why are you mad at Dad? I think he is a ho girl. Nothing interesting Stealing family I thought he fought. In war. Well, if you think It's kind of a hero Then you are free. Let's go together, Atria. OK I really get out of here. Wait, at least you Would you like to talk? I have nothing Tell the man. -Hey! -I can't do that yet Be in prison I don't know how But I assure you If he is here He is doing a bad job. Now, all of you It's your favorite drink You know what, really. Sweet and delicious But you can't afford it Listen, Bakiba Because we will go Drunk And Billy D is helping with that. Court bid Touching someone The center of my palm Oh Now you, This cool guy ... My knees are shaking Everything you want. Strawberry milkshake. Wow, that's right! Yes OK, now you My techno friend, I think I won't know But what you need One glass of H2O. -With ice! -Positive. Cheer up on your ass In a bar OK, this is ... Uh, pretty hard. But i got it. bartender! Buy a blue safari. For the man of Zatari. You are right. That's what I like Most impressive. Touch my palm Hot babe. Well. Ha. Look, this guy interrupted me. Please touch again. Yes? What is my glass? What would you choose? Ha. You... Do you want mojito? Yes. -right. -Ha! Billy D is never wrong And if I do, gong. Get out of here, continue. Come on, yes. Hi Let me introduce myself. I'm Tierney and you are? Jax You, um ... You're friends Son of Billy D? I saw you talking. You are very observable No? You're not even mojitos so? Actually not. I have never seen anyone. Billie D. before. You are very unusual. Don't you think so? compliment He can't read you I wonder why Tommy ... Tommy, my son. How did you get out of jail? Don't talk about it. Please allow me to introduce you. To my fiance. Hello Thomas. I'm Tierney Your dad talks about you. Whenever I have time. What are you doing here? I know what you want. I came to see you, son. We have a lot to catch up with. Do you need money? Just admit it. And this charming little one Your little lover We have a lot of sex If that's what you mean. Oh! You are a small pistol. My Son Is A Lucky Boy I know you didn't. I just came to follow you. You can probably cheat I don't know anyone else but I'm not Nice to meet you, Ross Perhaps giving him attention. The father's presence was a mistake. I'm thinking about changing Return to the command track. I thought you knew everything. Expedition? Discovering a new world And civilization, Play rock Out of space I did. But I did such a show. Exemplary level As my training mission With zander You asked me to think again. My decision Training mission? What training mission? Ear heart To the asteroid belt And into the rubble Tereskova. Wait, how are you? Tereshkova? Because of innate ability Increase precision One of the ship's sensors. We found the engine. Control module. Did you think that? Sander would, too. I took you outside Intentionally? He said. Training mission Why did Sander take the students? To the scene Catastrophic Just to train? It makes no sense. Because I do not An ordinary student Do you not always trust men? What are you going to do? Only one I have something to do To find out what happened. To parents And it is probably related to it. The ship's destruction Hey Tommy Wait for Why? Are you still here? Hey, don't be like that Tommy A long time. We spent time together. As you know, I miss you. How are you? so... What you like Is it time to go to the FTA here? Since when do you care? After the war You came home for a week. There was a good reason. Difficult to explain But hey, I'm here now. How is it? Is it possible? You've been sentenced  to seven years. Trick the high end. Macau Poker Players Parole to do good deeds Great behavior, None other Even once in a lifetime Would you stop lying to me? Good. I may have had myself. Be in small trouble -Yeah, shocking. -Wow, wow, wow. look... I made a big bet. With Zatarian Plants I won't tell you. A rough work here I mean it for sure. But the poor nagging threw. Home stretch shoes I mean, it's so bad luck. So you owe money. Back to the bookshelf. I bet. With the hypatia syndicate. It's really evil. A group of ladies I mean, who did it? The most fair sex? They want me to Errands for them And if I don't They will drive me away. Airlock without spacesuit I have heard it. It's an unpleasant way to die. Why? Are you saying to me like this? I'm here to get a scholarship. I do not have money That's the problem, son. They do not want money. There is an ancient man. Alien crafts No one knows. alien I made it Jindu (J) is called. It is stored in a safe. It is housed in the Academy Museum. The value is worth And highpatia syndicate Like me To procure it for them. Like stealing. "Steel" is like that. Ugly Not really. What about 'ferroin'? Much more poetic. I think it's pathetic. Son, I won't bother you. nevertheless..... Can't get J. Without your help Hey Dad ... I'm glad you came clean. with me I hope you can believe it I mean you are sincere And I wish I could believe You could change But it can't be. You picked me up too many So please both of us Then take the next shuttle. Out of earth go away Leave me alone I can't help you. You may go. Thank you. Newspapers next week please. Sander -Jax Why am I feeling that way? You are not here To get along chat? I'm not. You took Pilar? To the asteroid belt And rubble Tereskova. Why did you take her? Instead of me? Because I wanted to evaluate. Her skill as a pilot And recruit her. Dear Captain, huh? Or did you try to hire? With C.I.S.? Jax, I bet you. It wasn't my intention And you need To lower your voice. So it was an accident. You just got up Trace the rubble Tereshkova? Then the this is definitely  going to be pointed out. And you just woke up Find rubble It was worth buying It's hard to believe. You... You ask me to trust you If you want to help me And you just Keep lying Jax, I know what you need to find out. What happened to your parents, And I respect it I really do. But this is not. All about you Sometimes you ask me questions I can't answer It is not enough. And you know that. feeling. You're mad at me Since we lost Magda and Abba From Parallax. Research facility Are you blaming me? Of course not. But you are. You blame yourself. It's not just you. I still blame myself every day. Because of what happened to Greg Everyone near me dies. I... I'm lucky Not to me. I know you found something Importantly, What can you do My parents died I just want you to tell me What is that I want to, too, Jax. I really do. -But I can't. -Why? It's a problem. Get information about EarthCom security. I was ordered. You may not need to answer. To anyone, but I know I just According to order I'm just following orders. I learned it in history class. "Excellent defense". It was the same excuse used. In the Nuremberg trial It's a coward's defense. So are you calling me Nazi now? That's pretty unfair, Jax. If you keep running Do whatever you want Whenever you want Eventually you will be To keep friends away I could be expelled. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to… I'm calling you Nazi. that's... It was a bit bad Yes. slightly. I'm sorry. Beyond the program. Western Town is activated. Oh yeah. I did not know You could ride a horse How did you find me? It was not very difficult. Atria said you like coming. To this extent -When you want to be alone. -exactly. When i want to be alone. So what exactly Your dad did it Did it make you so angry? He wants something from me. Need my help One of his crazy games What's crazy about that? He says he owes a lot of money. To Hapatia Syndicate And they will kill him. If he doesn't pay How much debt does he have? They do not want money. They want him to steal something. From FTA Museum head of an army. He needs my help Pull it No. A serious idea About helping him. you are? Are you kidding me? Or of course not. Well, fortunately. Yes, um… let me know If something I can help I will leave you alone Back Whatever it is You're doing it here Just ride To clean other villages I know And it's not big enough. To both of us So I'll go Hello, silver. Hello Thomas. really? Otherwise Help your father You will regret it For the rest of your life. Did Billy D send you? To convince me? I don't know your father I'm here You're wasting your time I don't even care. He is really special. Thomas, to me And he needs our help Whoever says Do you have a bad taste for men? How much do you know? About your dad? Maybe it's time for you  to listen his true story. Billy Dwayne Ross A brave platoon leader EarthCom is realized Your father was special He always knew exactly. Some soldier under his command What assignment And he was always right. For he had feelings. Does it sound familiar? Rare genes that create them It has been passed on to you. From your father. I can relate But I'm not a psychic He too ... Until surgery After they check His aptitude, They cut Billy D's head. Wide open And amplified your father's illness A hundred times the power Some telepaths became spies. The best was reversed. To the interrogator Any field Zatarians Start next time Main attack? Billy D. is capable. Invade others Consciousness It's called Mind-Diving. Next attack Will be in area 347. My mom never told me. Any of this For she never knew. About what your dad did. Everything the ETC did It was top secret. So if he was so shocked Why would he always want? Could it be the vitality of the party? To hide the pain He experiences every day. All memories of pain There is also a trauma of war So all this Mr. Cool Billy D. Day ... Just go. Elaborate coping machinery Very similar to this VR  simulation it's for you do not know. Quit Western Town. You have compassion, Thomas. I can feel it. I'm telling the truth. When my father was Sometimes when I contact you His telepathic abilities Amplified exponentially. So he needs you To help steal crafts So what's your role? What about all this? Just say it I understand what he needs. What you need right now Best of all. His son. Whether he lives or dies It's all up to you What are you doing? Billy D is in danger I love him And I want you to help him save Should I do this? To steal dark hair? I told you when we met. You are special Your thoughts are natural Resistant to detection Guess why? do not know. But we can use that ability. To break this rape together. And I need your help Thomas, too. Thomas I decided. Me too. Your mother Amazing girl, jax You remind her a lot Did you know my mom? I seriously doubt that. She didn't have much. Friends, and I knew them all. I do not claim We were exactly friends. I feel like my colleagues. We shared. But mutual trust "10 points to Griffindor." as you know Isn't it? That's what she used to say. When I'm good at work It's from this book. We used to read books. Book about the wizard. I know I told you you wanted I have that ability And she told you It will be like that someday How do you know all this? She told me. For she knew it one day. I might need my help Now that day has come. Need more help? I think it's you Who demands mine. We can help each other. I must save. My future husband's life, And you want to know What happened to your parents? In the New Portland Colony What do you know About New Portland? The moment we succeed Accomplish this mission I'll give you the key. It will help you unlock the secrets Why should I trust you? Because there is no choice. And nobody else It will help Not your uncle. Even that pretty little boy You claim no interest If you want an answer You have to do this How do you know my mom? Who are you, Tier? It's an important question, Jax. who are you? Tierney, where have you been? I went running. For 3 hours? Nonsense. Look, you might be trained You blocked my telepathy But i still know When you lie to me I talked to Jax. And your son About what they helped us Steal j Don't get mad at me, baby. I was just trying to help Tierney. You stay still Away from my son... What...? It seem to be like that You forgot Sequence. Where near Get away from me. I'm your trainer Not your fiance You work for me Our little gossip It's confusing I'm sorry Get out of prison I can send you back Or how about this? EarthCom is planning Resume telepathy Prepare for the next war Against the Zatarians I could always have you Get drafted and work again How are you, honey? It's better to die. Better than going back to ETC If you want to be Free again, It seems not You have a choice, right? You are not talking. Much in your heart You know I am like that. You're still trying to figure it out What if you need to help your dad? I can't believe it I'm even thinking about it. Have you talked to Atria? About that? She is not necessarily so. The best person to speak As for parent matter, I see nothing so... good. I talked to Tierney. She asked for my help. Your dad sacrificed everything During the war To help the Earth Southern Union And now he is being chased. By a group of lower class people Not to mention his son One of my best friends. Always by my side. When I needed him So if you want my help I'll wear it too Hey son. I came soon. I got your message I just don't want you get hurt so... I decided to go. To help steal the head It really means a lot. Me, son OK, everyone Listen very carefully The first thing we need to do Is to create a refreshment. Tommy, Jax, you're leaving. Smoke device Here, here, and here. Tierney and I will arrive. At 1700 Security will be locked. Museum In advance Security protocol And I will deactivate Security systems Not to be monitored Our intrusion Meanwhile, I will do mind diving. About Osborne Receive a password That's all of us Can be stored in a  museum archive. professor! Osborne My son speaks well. Your class William Dwayne Ross At your disposal But you can call me Billy D. It's nice to meet you. William Your son is a good student. Good pilot Access denied. -No. -Access denied -What is it. -Please wait. I... What kind of telepathy you are? -Non-identical kind. -Access denied just. Let me focus? cheer up dad You can do this No, wait, actually ... I can do this Grant of access. My son This is why. I needed you, Jax. This is an accident detector. It is nervous. In the brain It will be triggered by someone else's words. ... unless you have taken the first step on it. That person is born. Resistance to event detection exactly I was trained to protect my body. Safe thinking from telepathy, But that's only 50-50 for me May not trigger. But when I saw Billy D. Wrong guess at the bar I thought you would do it. He could not read you. There is something special. About you It takes some time, ladies. we... Keep your mind clear. Think as much as possible. Be quiet. Breathe. Good job, Jax. Laser. Why did you need a laser? What the hell is this? This was not at all. Schematic Must be upgraded Security systems Among the plans we stole How are we going? Will it pass by? There is no way to go too far. Laser security Idiot, There's always a way damn. please We do not have much time. This is an organic lock. Artificial Mini brain 10 billion neurons Unique function. Constantly thinking and creating Ever-changing combination code How are you? To forget that? Only powerful telepathy can do In communication The brain itself. Kew Billy D. But telepathy It must be amplified. So you are here Thomas. Do you see it over there? Look over there, kid? Go there Stars and lights Right here. Right here. That's right, kid. Okay. Oh, you beat me! Hey, kid. Open your eyes, son. Hey blow the candle. Happy birthday, kid. I love you dad. I love you, little boy. I love you, little boy. High five. I don't think so I can do it, kid. We did it Dad? OK? I am now, son. now I. I thought we came Crystal I said we should find it. And we did. So, what is it? that? That's the airplane lock No? What did you just do? What does this matter? Tereshkova? I thought we were here To save Billy D's life. Do not blasphemy at all. With me, girl The only reason you came On this little adventure. Because I promised you Information What happened To your parents. I did what you want. Now why is the new Portland The colony was attacked. I did not expect. The real key I told you you're going. as it were What's up To parents I told you I'd give it to you The key to mystery And I did so. But now you have to find lock When You will know everything And you may regret I gave it to you what...? Dad, sorry. About everything I said. Until our minds merge I did not realize how many. You really cared about me It's okay, son. I just want a chance. Try to reconcile Lost years How about starting from tonight? Me and Atria will take you. For a proper dinner Come on, honey. Let's leave And let's go have dinner With that famous person See you tonight, son? You convince me To do this Because you said You were my friend, Jax. -You know I do. -No, it isn't. Do you have anything? Did you tell me that was true? what? You used me like you always did To get what you want. You don't care whose life Take the risk of doing so. That's me ... I don't think I've seen you. Really happy I fell to hell. By you and ETC. But everything is so. It is worth it Because I got together again With my son. You're free, Billy D. You have accomplished. You share But I will be given a mission. With another task It will be necessary. Experienced telepathy Sorry, I went out. You must find Another red To do your dirty work. I already have Son Thomas Proved He will be a good man. recruit What the hell are you doing? What are you talking about? I have Thomas today Great potential Where appropriate Surgical improvement, He could even be. More powerful than you Welcome home, Jax. Hey Jacks. We go for dinner. With Billy D. shall we go together? Jake is already clear. I have a plan tonight. Not tonight, thank you. OK Thomas, wait, I ... No! No! What's wrong? Thomas? It's okay? I'm fine. -I saw something. -no. There is nothing. Now, let's go, Atria. See you later, Gator Come on in, everyone. Dad, what are you doing? What do you look like? Packing. Tiery and I have to catch. The last shuttle to Las Venus, Because I like P.T. Barnum said. Have suckling Born every second But I thought we were going. Have dinner together Reconcile Wasting time Really? Is that stupid child? Look, I needed you For rape That's right. Man does not change. You know that. Okay, look, look. Here is a merit. Never say no. I gave you something, kid. Thomas? Thomas! Impressive that you could do it Doing that to his son Probably the most noble. Things you've been doing It's a pity that nobody knows. I keep working for you You're away from hell From my son. That's it, right? Yes, we have a deal. He also deceived me. Honey Sometimes we want To believe that We convince ourselves. Lies are the truth. Dad was lying to me. Know. I'm sorry. But it is not. What was he lying to? He did not intend. In what he said And he was terrified. Thienian what? How do you know? Because when he put this coin In my hand, we connected. He jumped like crazy. with me I love you, little boy But you have to play together Right Now. I'm doing all this. For you. It's all smoke. We are not. bags of time Tierney is very dangerous. Get away from her. And me too. I love you so much, son. I will always be. But it's best you do Fall away from me. I must know You are safe. You fucking! Get out of here, okay? Don't say I didn't Anything, kid Oh, my God! If that's true We must help him. I will, I promise you. But I don't think there's anything like that. If you can do anything right now, you can do anything But I have a strong feeling. We did not see the end. It's the work of  Billy Dwayne Ross. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 