Pandora: Season 1, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Pandora 
 s1e13 - Simple Twist of Fate - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Pandora (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 13 - Simple Twist of Fate - full transcript 
 Picking up the pieces from the attack on the Fleet Training Academy by Leone Vokk, Jax and Xander must confront Tierney to stop her sinister plans for galactic domination while Atria's ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Stars shinin' bright above you Night breezes seem to whisper, "I love you" Birds singin' in the sycamore trees Dream a little dream of me Say nighty-night and kiss me Just hold me tight And tell me you'll miss me While I'm alone and blue as can be Dream a little dream of me Stars fading But I linger on, dear 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Still craving your kiss I'm longing To linger till dawn, dear Just sayin' this Sweet dreams till sunbeams find you Sweet dreams that leave all worries behind you But in your dreams, whatever they be Dream a little dream of me Look like you seen a ghost. I know what you're thinking. Time to stop trying to save this chrome jalopy and trade up, but guess I'm just too attached. Some things are harder to give up than others, I suppose. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Earth to...Jax. What gives? You're gonna be late for your first day at school, -aren't you? -What? I said you're gonna be late for your first day at school. Can I give you a ride at least? -Uh-huh. -What's going on with you? Did you have a late night or something? Someone had heard  How are you here? How am I here? Where is here? You're home, Jax. Where else would you be? Come on. It'll be with wonder  I do it then and there  The stars  Here we are. You getting out any time soon? I never thought I'd get the chance to say thank you for what you did. For dropping you off at school? -No worries. You saved my life. We didn't know each other very long, but what we had, it was so special. I just want you to know that. Thanks, I guess. You might wanna hurry, you're gonna be late. OK. One quote that is accredited to Emily Post regarding etiquette is that "Manners are like primary colors. There are certain rules, and once you have these, you merely mix." She also said, "A lack of consideration for those who, in any capacity, serves you, is an example of ill-upbringing and inexcusable selfishness." What do you think Emily Post would have to say about a student who can't be bothered to show up on time to my class? Miss Zhou? Shral didn't need to be such a scum weasel. -Oh, Atria. -Oh! We haven't met before, have we? You're new to town, right? This is gonna sound crazy, but I know you in the future. I don't know how or why we're here, but that's the truth. Wow, you really do need a drink. -At the Black Hole? -No, Brennan's. It's the only decent watering hole in town. Come on, let's get snookered. And I can barely breathe  It's cold in your eyes  Wow! My phone didn't ring  Check out that new photo booth. -You ever see one of those? -As a matter of fact, I have. In the future. This must be some weird dream. Maybe it's the future that's the dream, Jax. -No. -See? No dream. C'mon. -Is that...? -Ugh, Jaworski. What a dumb-ass dingus he is. I need to get out of here. Who's that? This place has been a dead-end town ever since the factories closed. Now, what's a girl like you doing in a place like this? You're telling me you don't know how to get out... get out... -It's not working. Miss Larsen, apparently my sister's faith in you may have been misplaced. I've accessed all of her core memories and created a scenario to elicit an emotional response. It's just the wrong scenario. For your sake, I hope you're right. Just promise me that once you have all the necessary data you need, I can leave her alone forever to suffer. Once I have what we need, I don't care what you do with her. All of the Confederacy is in your debt. If you had not interceded, we would not be able to sit here and have this... pleasant little chat. Well, I had no choice. I could not stand idly by while the Confederacy was being destroyed. Does your father share these sentiments? I don't think my father and I will be sharing any pleasant little chats for quite a while, as you say. Nevertheless, after everything that's happened, I do owe you my most profound... regrets. Well then, it was all worth it. In addition to offering both you and Matta sanctuary here on Earth, I also personally owe you a debt. Very pleased to hear that, as I do have one small favor to ask. What would that be, Ralen? Jax, do you know what happened to her during the battle? We've been trying to locate Jacqueline and Mr. Duvall, to no avail. After I left Earth, they were being hunted by a mercenary, Leone Vokk, in the employ of Parallax. You haven't seen her since? Until now. I cannot tell you how happy I am to see you are all right. Where is Mr. Duvall? What happened to Pandora? I don't know. But I see you are alive and well following your battle with the Protectors. The Protectors? Is that what those alien beasties are called? They serve the Ancients to protect the Pandora. The Ancients? How do you know about all this? Where have you been this whole time, Jax? As you said, I escaped from Leone Vokk. And you have no idea what happened to Pandora or Mr. Duvall? My niece would never abandon Xander. You're not Jax. You made a mistake by putting me in that box, Professor. -Jax! -That is not Jax. -Were you followed? -No, but... we have tragic news. The Seeker murdered over 30 of your clone brothers and sisters last night. -It's all my fault. -You are not responsible, Atria. The only one responsible is the Seeker himself. I don't know what to do. It's too dangerous for us to continue. Don't you think you should let your fellow clones decide that for themselves? Professor Pevney. What in the world-- how did you get here? Well, as you know, I have friends in the resistance too. -I'm here to help. -I don't understand. It's complicated, but I've realized that I've let other people down when I should have done what I knew in my heart was right. I wish there was something we could do. But Seeker Hubbell has all the power. -We have nothing. -You have everything... including history, on your side. I'm not sure history can stand up to the power of an energized shock weapon, Professor. For every Adarian, there are at least six clones. And they've come to rely on your kind for virtually everything. That's true, but-- On Earth, the Montgomery Bus Boycott and Delano Grape Strike led to lasting change. If you can call a national strike, you may be able to bring the Seeker to his knees. It's too dangerous. I won't risk any more lives. With respect, Atria, you would not be risking our lives. We would. Odessa. You seem awfully relaxed for a woman whose job isn't remotely finished. I thought I told you I wanted Osborn's insolent lap dog dead after he arrested me. I thought we might need him. Anyway father, you needn't worry. Everything has gone exactly the way we've planned. So, you planned on not having the girl divulge the information we need to actually use the portals. The girl doesn't even know she has the information we seek. You must be patient while we extract it. I'm 175 years old, Odessa. Why on Earth would you expect me to practice patience now? We have the girl, and with the telepaths in place on board the Nexus, we'll soon have control over the entire datastream. Not to mention, your two scheming and ungrateful daughters who conspired to kill you, are now under lock and key as well. I'd say by any measure, that's a pretty good day. You don't worry enough, Odessa. And you worry too much. You trusted me to handle this and I have. So, you do your job and let me do mine. You have the audacity to talk to me like this. Don't forget, you're a guest here on Hypatia, where men are not usually welcome except as slaves. Despite your new and considerably improved body, you're still a fugitive for destroying the Tereshkova. I don't suppose you'd want me to let EarthCom know where they can find you, do you? You wear Jax's face, but I do not recognize what lies beneath. When I was first sent into the cosmos, I was like you: intrigued by humankind. But they are imperfect, as are the Sumi, as are the Cronin, as are the Zatarians. Of course. It's the struggle that defines them, their desire to be more than they are. When I encountered their lechery, their greed, their avarice, I tried to correct it. So when the day came to report to the Ancients, I could tell them that humankind was worthy of survival. They are not. And what makes you so sure of this? They destroyed their planet and did nothing. They stood by as tyrants ruled over them, and they did nothing. They accumulated wealth while others grew destitute, and they did nothing. That is not the humanity that I know. I was sent here by my father to spy on Jax, but after what I encountered, I was willing to sacrifice everything to fight for them, them. The real Jax would never give up. There is nothing you or anyone can do to stop the final judgment. Then I will die trying. I believe I understand you now, Ralen. It is the passions of the humans that has seduced you. Despite their many foibles, they are a unique species amongst the galaxy. Even in the face of the greatest adversity, they still find hope. I want you to know, my wife, that I am truly sorry for anything I've done to hurt you. You are most special. I will do whatever is necessary to help you, my husband. You've already done enough. Because of me, you are a pariah among our own people. The future will no longer be made by crooked old men in ornately furnished rooms. It will be made by people like us. Let us try. Together. I suppose you've heard about the work stoppages all around Adar. Even my Atria clones seem to have been corrupted by your heretical teachings. I should kill them too, but I've grown so very attached to all of them. So, I suppose you've come here to outline your demands. demands! You will make a speech of contrition to the people of Adar and to the Council, where you renounce your demands, and you will return to Adar as my personal servant. And why in the worlds would I do that? So that I don't kill anyone else, including all those you care about most. It's against the law of man and god to kill, Seeker. the law. Perhaps next time you'll learn not to trust the Sixes. They always were a little... squirrelly. I'm sorry, but I did not want to see any more of our kind hurt. I can't believe you betrayed us. I thought you cared about being free. So... do we have a deal, Atria Nine? We have a deal... my Seeker. Hmm. And how are we today, Miss Zhou? Where am I? What kind of trick is this, Regan? Mm-mm, Dr. Fried. Do we really need to discuss this again? You need to let me out of here. I do not belong here. Of course, you're from the future, and you need to get back there. Yes. No. I don't know. I feel fine, I need... You're not fine. You haven't been fine since your mother died almost a year ago. Your uncle has been your legal guardian -for the last six months. -My uncle? He's responsible for this, isn't he? He's the one who put me here. Your uncle only wants what's best for you. -No. -Like we all do. Clearly, we need to upgrade your meds. Dr. Fried. Miss Zhou has a visitor. Five minutes, no more. -Xander. -Jax, we don't have a lot of time. You are not meant to be here, I was sent to help you get out, so you're gonna have to trust me. -Do you trust me? -Of course I do. I can't do this alone. I'm afraid you'll have to leave, sir. -Jax! Run! -No! Get in. Xander, look out! See you on the other side. Hoo-yah. No, no, no, no, no, no. No! I went to Earth to find a new life... but what I found there was not what I expected. They lied to me, and encouraged me to believe that I have a soul, that I am unique in this universe. I am not. I have no soul. I belong here, on Adar. And that is why it is my privilege to withdraw my candidacy and my honor to re-nominate Creston Hubbell as Seeker. What a marvelous performance. Ms. Pilar, you may now transmit that truly heartfelt act of contrition on the datastream, and to the Council immediately. I am not. I have no soul. I belong here, on Adar. I have no soul... I belong here. I belong here, I have no soul. ...and my honor to re-nominate Creston Hubbell as Seeker. Why the devil would I trust you? the devil. And you know if I'm contacting you, then I must be desperate. And how do I know I'm not walking into a trap? You don't. But Odessa is dangerous, to you... and to me. And ironically, you're the only one I know I can trust. I wish I could say the same thing, but I haven't trusted you for a long time. Let's just say for the moment, our interests once again align. And if you want to save Mr. Duvall and the girl, I suggest you come sooner than later. Hypatia Prime is a sovereign world. It's not part of the Confederacy. It would be illegal for EarthCom officers to set foot there. And when has that ever stopped you before, Donovan? They're being held on Hypatia Prime by the Syndicate, which is being run by Odessa Fried. I thought she was dead. I thought Harlan Fried was dead, too. Apparently, we were wrong about a number of things. So, what do you say we go get Jax and Mr. Duvall, Professor? Jax. Jax, wake up. Come on, Jax, I need you to wake up, Jax. -Jax, I need you to wake up. Come on, hey, hey, come on. We need to go. OK, we need to get you out of here. Come on, get up, get up. Jax, we need to go, come on. Where am I? Oh my god, Jax, we're getting out of here, come on. This way. -Oh my... -Oh, Xan. Xan. Only you can save him now. I don't know how. You were able to activate a portal when he almost died on Tiagra. If you want him to live, you need to do it again now. I don't know anything about portals. Of course you do. You just don't know that you do. I'm sorry, I thought this time it would work for sure. Of course it didn't. We've been going about this all wrong. We need someone else. It's not about him... it's about her. It's always been about her. You don't get off that sofa soon, you're gonna be late for school again. Mom. Mom! Mom. Is it really you? I told you I was only going away for the weekend. But I'll take the sugar where I can get it. Where is Dad? He's still at the archeology conference in D.C., but he'll be on the train tomorrow. You can't imagine how much I missed you. I can see that. What happened this weekend, why are you buttering me up? You didn't break the Jindoo, did you? -Is that an earthquake? That's no earthquake, Mom, come on, come on. -You're scaring me. What is that? The obstacle is the path. What does that mean? It means we have to go. Now. I presume we have exactly what we need to create our own portals now? Yes, we do. I'll let the boss know. Strip. Really? It's not quite what I was expecting. I was hoping for something to eat. You're being taken to an execution zone. Well, in that case, I definitely want something to eat. take all your clothes off. OK, and you couldn't find me anything a bit bigger to wear? -Strip, or I'll cut out your tongue out. OK, OK. If that's the case, I really only have one thing left to say. If you must. You ladies could really use a better tailor. OK, you get back! Now, you bring me the keys. Now. All right? And that is why Seeker Hubbell has my full and unequivocal support. Thank you, Atria. I'm so glad we can put this all behind us, and you have accepted you are a soulless creature, conceived by man to service him, and him alone. Who is that laughing? Step forward. Now! That is a lie, Seeker. I know Atria, and I promise you, she is more human and has more of a soul than you or I put together. Ah, the lovestruck boy from Earth. Once again, rushing to his clone's side. How noble. Her name is Atria. And only she decides who she is, what she wants, who she will and will not love. I know that now. Arrest him. In the history of bad ideas... that was the worst one. Atria, we have an understanding. If anything interferes with that-- You mean, like me? And me. And me. And me. You're not Atria Nine. You're right, the Six series is a bit squirrelly. Adam never betrayed us to you. He was working with us all along. You didn't think I'd let you fool me again, now, did you? You not only murdered clones, but you threatened the execution of humans, a violation of the laws you are sworn as Seeker to uphold. You will make a speech of contrition to the people of Adar, and to the Council, where you renounce your demands. And you will return to Adar as my personal servant. And why in the worlds would I do that? So that I don't kill anyone else, including all those you care about most. It's against the law of man and god to kill, Seeker. My dear, the law. Th-This is all a trick! You can't believe her, she's lying. Who are you going to believe, your Seeker or this... thing? I am your Seeker! Jax. -Please! -Please come back. -Jax? Jax! Jax! I'm afraid Jax isn't here. Who'd ever thought I'd actually be happy to see you. You need to take us with you. Why would I do that? Because we know where Jax is being held. I can take you to her. No, you need to tell me where she is. This city is a maze, and the compound is swarming with Hypatia warriors. A man alone won't get very far. Like it or not, you're gonna need our help. Xander, you and I both don't have much in common... but one thing we do share is we both care about Jax. Let us help you. Please. Look, I'll try to create some sort of distraction, but whatever happens, you need to get to Jax. Shral? Ladies. What are you doing here? I'll let Donovan explain that. The professor's here as well? He most certainly is. In fact, we should be hearing from him any moment. Sarika, I cannot say I'm pleased to see you again. You wouldn't hit a girl. You are quite correct, but I cannot speak for my wife. That is true, but I can speak for myself! Jax, Jax, wake up. Jax, Jax, wake up. Jax. -Ralen, is this real? -Indeed it is. I am most pleased to see you, Jax. Trust me, not as happy as I am to see you. We have to find Xander. Do not worry. Mr. Duvall has found us. Jax. Professor. I'm relieved to see you are all right. Thank you for coming for us. Jax. It's nice to see you, Uncle. I hate to break up this touching family reunion, -but we still need to find Odessa. -Quite right. If she has indeed ascertained how to create portals, we need to stop her. I'm with you too, Osborn. Odessa and my father betrayed me, and I'm not the forgiving type. Yes, I've noticed that. There are still prisoners in the cells. We're on it, Mr. Duvall. You find the treacherous Fried sister-- the other one. I resent that remark. Ralen, we barely got here ourselves, alive, without being seen. If they see men out there on the streets-- Don't worry, I got this. I could get used to this. -Seriously? -Silence, slave. Ah, Jax. I see Sarika's playtime has ended prematurely. So has yours, sister. I'm taking back what's mine. Where's father? Wish I knew. We're taking you back with us to Earth one way or another, Odessa, or Tierney-- whatever it is you're calling yourself today. Oh, I agree. I am going back to Earth. Just not with you. We have to go after Tierney. I intend to. Right now, we don't know how to track her or where she is. So, I hope I can count on your assistance, Mr. Duvall. I think that can be arranged. But only after I take... Jax... on a proper holiday. If you're still interested, that is. Jax. Jax... you need to see this. Guess there's going to be a new Seeker in town. -Is that a joke? -No, really. I am so proud of you, Atria. You're going to change Adar forever. Hmm, we'll see. But I want you to know how worried I was about you, and how happy I am to know you're OK. You know, I meant everything I said. I was a Zatarian equine's ass. I should have respected what you wanted and not try and change you. I know that now, I'm sorry. Well, if read my mind, you know how I feel about that. I do, but not because I'm reading your mind, but because I'm listening to you. And everything is finally quiet now. I can control my powers. I'm so happy for you, Thomas. So, I guess you'll be heading back to the Academy? No. I'm going to find my dad, whatever it takes. And you? I'm gonna stay here. Adar needs me, and I think I have a really good chance at winning this election. [chuckles] What about you, Pilar? Well, Atria's gonna need a campaign manager, and I could use an Adam clone, so I think I'm gonna stick around. Well, I'm going to miss you both, a lot. Mmm. Well, it's not gonna be forever. We're gonna see each other again. Good luck finding your father. And, when you find Billy D-- I will let him know what you're thinking. Good luck, son. You know, there will always be a seat for you in my class. Thank you. Adam. He's my boyfriend. Adam Six. Thomas. Thomas One. -Good luck. You'll need it. Goodbye. He-- He doesn't mean that. Time to go. Hello, Jacqueline. 10 points for Gryffindor. Hey Jax. You look like you seen a ghost. Greg? I've only dreamed it  Heaven schemed it  The angels brought me you  Yes, they brought you  A dream come true  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 