The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest 
 s2e3 - Bloodlines - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest (1996–1997): Season 2, Episode 3 - Bloodlines - full transcript 
 Hadja goes to Calcutta to find his adoptive father and stumbles across the truth about his past. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [theme music] [music continues] [baby babbling] My beautiful, beautiful boy. See how handsome you are. Well, Hadji? The VR memory probe is working, Jonny. I am finally seeing...my mother.. My little Hadji. Isn't your son handsome, Haresh? (Hadji) '...and my real father.' Yes, Neela, handsome and strong. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [coughing] [panting] [gasping] Hadji, what's wrong? I am older now, Jonny. Running from someone. (Hadji) 'I know not who. Yet, I am afraid.' Don't be scared, little fella. [sighing] (Hadji) 'It's Pasha. My adopted father.' 'No!' crackle crackle Pasha, No. Easy, Hadji. Are you-- What's going on? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We heard a scream. Nothing to be alarmed about. I-I-I was merely.. You're using Dr. Quest's new VR memory probe. He hasn't even perfected it yet. I know. I was hoping it would unlock memories of my lost childhood, Jessi. Oh, it was wonderful. I saw my mother and father. But then I saw Pasha and he was trying to kill me. Pasha the peddler? But he's the man who raised you. Yes, and that is what makes this memory.. ...if it is real, so so disturbing. Hadji, why don't you just call Pasha and ask him about it? Oh, you have read my mind, Jessie. beep beep bringg brinng (Hadji) 'Hello.' 'Hello, Pasha. This is Hadji.' 'Are you there?' You want Pasha? Come and get him. ha ha ha crash beep beep beep The phone went dead. Something is wrong. I must go to Calcutta at once. And I thought with Dr. Quest at the pentagon for a week.. ...I was gonna be bored. [instrumental music] [car honking] screech Gee, Hadji, it's more crowded than I remember it. screech Oh, now I'm sure something is wrong. Pasha would never close up shop on a busy market day. Let's take a look. (Race) 'Think Pasha takes credit cards?' creak [intense music] slam Wow! Looks like a monsoon hit this place. Pasha? Pasha! Wonder what they were after? Not money. Plenty of rupees still in the register. Pasha's not here. But who would do this? And why? cling There! He is the one. Get him. Sorry, I'm his personal secretary and you're gonna have to make an appointment.. biff ...with a good dentist. clink Dad. crash Jess. thud You have a date with destiny. I guess, destiny's been stood up. thud biff thwack [police whistling] (male# 1) 'Yes, officer, in there.' It's the police. In there. Arrest him. Not so fast, Sahib. You're making a big mistake. The one's who did this are getting away. There you see, this is how he broke in. I saw him. Keep it. It's way over the limit anyway. Come on, let him go. This place was thrashed before we got here. - He speaks the truth officers. - Is that so? Your credentials seem in order, Mr. Bannon and you insist you have no idea why these thugs attacked Mr. Hadji. None, whatsoever. But I'm sure if we find Pasha or those goons who jumped us we'll get some answers. Rest assured the Calcutta Police are on the case. And so are we. [intense music] clank clank clank What? click I had a feeling you creeps might wanna try again. clink clank thud thud - You were right, dad. - Need any help, Race? The situation's in hand, kids. Now, start talking. Race, these assasins have a code of silence. - He will never talk. - Then I'm-- thud crash Race, he's getting away. vroom Relax, Jonny. I let him get away.. ...but not scot-free. beep beep Hey, it's one of my dad's tracking scanners. You planted a micro homing pin on that creep? Way to go, dad. Just 'cause a thug won't talk doesn't mean he can't tell us where he's going. vroom beep beep beep Race, something's wrong. According to this scanner he's no longer on the road. We're close to the airport. He must have taken off. (Race) 'But he won't shake our tail' 'we'll follow him in the Dragonfly.' whoosh [intense music] beep - Still got 'em, Jonny? - Yup. He appears to be headed toward the mountain provinces. [music continues] That boy's bodyguard broke my wrist. Our employer will not be pleased by our failure. Huh? What is this? It's some kind of tracking device. Hadji's friends must be following us. No matter. I have our own following...them. crack whoosh - 'Race, he must have--' - Found the bug. That's alright. I'm locked onto his last co-ordinates 'and the Dragonfly is fast enough to catch up.' We'll tail 'em visually. Sounds like we've got an air leak. hiss [gasping] What? [grunting] Can't see. [screaming] [intense music] Jonny, take the controls. Right, Race. Got 'em. crash Race, makes this look easy. - Hadji, where's that snake? - I am looking, Jonny. Just concentrate on your flying. Don't panic. This is just like my PC flight simulator. Except the mountains are real. hiss thud Hadji. I got him. Come on, dad. We've gotta rinse out your eyes. Thanks, Jess. The burning stopped. 'But I still can't see.' I don't think Jonny's handling his solo flight too smoothly. Why don't you get up there, and give him a hand? - You're not going anywhere. - Huh? shash clank 'Keep away from her.' swish - 'Hey, you forgot something.' - What? Catch! No! clank click No! No! [alarm blaring] click Hey, what was goin' on back there? Hadji, was just getting rid of the snake. Look a landing strip. I'm not sure I can land this. But we can, together. [tires screeching] Nice landing, ace. We even have a welcoming commitee. [intense music] 'From what you have told me, Hadji' you are all fortunate to have reached my palace alive. Yes, I have had better days, Sultan. Then, a good nights rest is what you need. - You'll all stay here tonight. - Cool! We do not get many strangers to this part of India. It is a privilege for Vikram, Sultan of Bangalore to help. Thank you, your highness. But it is strange.. ...I have the feeling I have been here before. Oh, but you have. This was your birth place and it will now be your final resting place, cousin. snap Cousin? [screaming] So much for the Bangalore welcome mat. - Everyone okay? - I guess so. (Hadji) 'Pasha? Is that you?' Yeah, it's me Hadji. I was hoping to escape to warn you but these guards refused to take my bribes. Pasha, if you can't wheel and deal your way out of here.. ...then we must be in big trouble. - You got it, Race. - But I-I do not get it, Pasha. In my dream, I saw you trying to kill me. And now, this Sultan calls me cousin.. ...and wants to do the same. Yeah, well it's all true, Hadji and I guess I need to set you straight, before we all die. (Pasha) 'Years ago, Bangalore was happy place.' 'Haresh was the Sultan and you Hadji were his only son.' creak Oh! [all clapping] Bravo, Neela. Little Hadji has inherited his mystical skills from you. ha ha ha (Pasha) 'The Sultan was well loved, but he'd never been a well guy.' 'And everybody knew that you, Hadji' 'would soon be the next Sultan of Bangalore.' Me? Sultan? It's your destiny, man. The male line of sucession. [all clapping] (Pasha) 'Your father's evil brother, your uncle Deepak' 'he'd always wanted to rule Bangalore.' 'And his son Vikram to rule after him.' (Hadji) 'Vikram? He's the Sultan now.' (Pasha) 'Yeah, but then he was only a 12 year old kid' 'and you were just four.' 'One night Deepak hired a guy to kill you.' 'That guy was me, and I couldn't go through with it.' I stole you away from the palace 'cause I knew it'd be unhealthy for both of us' 'if Deepak ever found out.' That's why I fled from city to city, Hadji raising you as my own, and teaching you all my tricks. I never told you what I'd been. What I'd done. Could you find it in your heart to forgive me? Oh, Pasha. And what of my parents? Are they still alive? Your father Haresh died soon after your disapperance and your mother-- Is alive, Hadji. Mother! Oh, Hadji, I never stopped believing you were alive. I was you in my dreams. [instrumental music] (Neela) 'And even after your treacherous uncle became Sultan' 'I kept using my mental powers trying to find you.' 'Each time I got close, Pasha had already moved on.' [screaming] 'Then your Uncle Deepak, died suddenly' 'and Vikram, the most evil of all became Sultan.' 'He said, I was crazy to keep searching for my missing son.' 'He wanted me to stop, and yet he was fearful' 'the people of Bangalore who dispise him, might revolt.' 'So, he humored me and allowed me to keep looking for you.' 'The rightful heir to the throne.' 'My search was in vain, until a few days ago in Calcutta' 'my psychic power led me to Pasha's shop.' 'I saw your picture, and I knew you at once, my son.' thump thump thump (Vikram) 'Lucky for me, I had my thugs following your every move.' [gasping] Now, what a joyous family reunion this is. So glad you could join us, Cousin Hadji. You saved me the expense of having to track you down to kill you. I must say, these friends of yours made it quite a challenge. creak (Jonny) 'Hadji.' Do not feel neglected, tomorrow you three will die. Victims of a targic plane crash in the nearby mountains. You won't get away with this. slam Dad, we gotta do something. I'm working on it, Jess. There isn't a lock I can't pick. There. Race, this door has no keyhole. Guess we'll just have to make our own, Jonny. If the people of Bangalore knew what you were doing.. [chuckling] Too true, aunty. That is why I must keep my own private army of assasins. At great expense, I might add. After this is all over, I think I'll raise taxes again. Now, since the cobra my thug put in your plane didn't finish you off, Hadji.. '...I thought I'd give it's relatives a second chance.' To think it has taken all these years to finally meet. Do not despair, Hadji. Remember what I thought you as a baby. Concentrate. (Both) Sim Sim Sala beam. click beep beep It's show time. - Come mother. - No, Hadji, save yourself. (Vikram) 'How touching. That was a good trick cousin.' Now, let us see if you are arrow proof. bang! Get them. Get down! ting bwok Aah! Jessie, stop the cage. Race! hiss bwok [grunting] No. You shall not save them. thud [grunting] Hadji! Salim! bwok hiss No! Let me go, you fool. 'I command you.' Help me! [screaming] thud thump thump - Mother. Pasha. Are you-- - We're okay, kid. It'll take more than a couple of snakes to finish Pasha off. You are Sultan now, my son. Yes, and I will do what must be done. [instrumental music] (Hadji) 'Yes, It's true. There has been sadness in the past.' 'But I want the future of Bangalore to be a happy one.' [all cheering] Your father would be so proud, Hadji. (Hadji) 'My heart will always be here in Bangalore with you.' I have another family, in another part of the world. 'I hope, I may rejoin them soon' 'and when I do, I want my mother to rule in my absence.' Power in Bangalore, shall no longer be a male prerogative. [all cheering] Right on, Sultan. Well, Your Highness, guess we better be getting back. Listen Race, about your jet, I can get it patched up for ya.. ...wholesale. Let me think about it. Ah, okay. No, thanks. whoosh Do you really think Hadji's gonna come back to us? He's got lots of catching up to do, Jess with a family he never knew he had. Hey, he said he'd be back. (Jonny) 'And a Sultans word is good enough for me.' [instrumental music] [theme music] [music continues] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 