The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest 
 s2e2 - Rock of Rages - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest (1996–1997): Season 2, Episode 2 - Rock of Rages - full transcript 
 The Quest team tries to stop a former KGB operative from creating a golem. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [theme music] [music continues] [eerie music] [owl hooting] Ah! At last. Yanoush, come quickly. I think I have found it. (male #1) Yanoush, what kept you? Huh? [muffled gunshot] Aah! (male #2) 'I'm afraid comrade Yanoush will not be joining us.' 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 'But I allow you to join him, yes?' Excellent. You and I, we will create a better world, eh? 'And pity anyone who stands in the way of this world.' muahahaha [upbeat music] (Hadji) 'That is an odd stick, Dr. Quest.' Much more than a stick, Hadji. It's called the Golden Scriv. Legend says that this scriv can bring an ancient stone giant to life. Fetch, boy! Stone giant? woof Yes, Jonny. The Golem. (Dr. Quest) 'Supposedly, one can use this wand' 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 'to carve a mystic symbol into the creature's forehead' 'bringing it to life.' Creepy. Yes, son. But not to worry. (Dr. Quest) 'The golden creature's just a legend. ' 'And this scriv's instructions' 'are supposedly impossible to read.' That's why we've been called in, fellas. If anyone can translate that thing it's the good doctor here. The President of the Czech Republic personally invited us. Well, Alena's an old friend, Race. And this artifact, scriv or not is an important historical Czech treasure. Take a look, boys. We are over Prague 'the capital of the Czech Republic' 'and the most beautiful city in this part of the world.' Look, Jonny, so many old buildings. I cannot wait to see them. Neither can bandit. woof woof woof Belt up, gang, we're about to land. Oh, gentlemen, I think you'll find the President very interesting. Benton. - It's been too, too long. - Yes, it has Madam President. Alena to you, Benton. And who are these handsome fellows? President Alena Stasny may I present my assistant, Race Bannon. Madam President. My adopted son, Hadji. It's an honor to be in your presence. And you remember my son, Jonny. Hi, Madam President. It's been a while, I guess. Yes, it has angel. You were just a baby. woof woof woof And Bandit, of course. As for you handsome fella-- Madam President, may we get on with it. We have much work to do. Professor Anton Karst, of course. Benton, I hope your expertise in ancient artifacts can help the professor translate our new found national treasure. Well, I'm at your disposal. Yes, may we be off to my facility, please. (Dr. Quest) 'Good idea, professor. We have a little work to do.' May we join you in the morning, Alena? But of course. - Doctor. - Yes, Race? Is it alright if I swing by the hotel to check something out? 'I'll join you guys within the hour.' No problem, we'll see you then. Shall we? [intense music] Why not eliminate the President right now? All things in their proper time, no? Let us deal with the Americans first. I don't need Quest. The scriv is untranslatable. It does not hurt to have him try. Either way, the famous doctor 'will never leave your compound alive.' This is an important discovery, Quest. Far too important to be handled 'in the typical slipshod American manner.' I'll try to keep that in mind, professor. May I see the scriv, please? If you must. Examine it all you want. Four hundred years old and perfectly preserved. Yes, but the writings make no sense. I have translated them easy enough but it is so much gibberish. Madam President seems to think  you will have better luck. I do not agree. What is the harm of letting him try, professor? You said yourself that you had reached a dead end. Actually, Professor Karst, I figured it out. It works like a child's three dimensional puzzle. Would you look at that? [intense music] - Voila!  - Well done, doctor. Now according to legend, the scriv has the power to write on any surface. If this works I'll reimburse you for the table. I believe this is the correct Golem symbol. Well, doctor, I suppose you owe me a table. And I owe you an apology. If this scriv really works, then the Golem legend must be true. (male #2) Quite true, young man. Would you gentlemen care to see the Golem itself? - Vostok! - You have the golem? Of course, in the catacombs beneath this very building. I must see it. (Karst) 'Very well, doctor.' tap tap tap Jessie, I'm sure I've seen this joker somewhere. I snuck a photo of him with my camera pen. Zap me the picture, dad. I'll check our database. - Do you think there's trouble? - Probably not, honey. [beeping] [intense music] Vostok! I knew it. This guy's bad news. The K.G.B. thug that went independent when the iron curtain fell. I've got everything under control. I'll call you later. [helicopter whirring] [dramatic music] Huh? Ah! Aah! [people screaming] Great. I guess Vostok did recognize me. (Karst) 'Just ahead, Dr. Quest.' Behold...the Golem. (Dr. Quest) 'Amazing.' Cool. An overgrown lawn gnome. Jonny, show some respect. woof woof woof And you too, Bandit. According to legend, a 17th century rabbi 'created this creature to protect his people' 'from religious persecution.' - Did it work? - All too well, I'm afraid. The monster supposedly completed it's gruesome task then kept on killing. It endangered the very people it was charged with protecting. Now, I want to carve this symbol-- Wait a minute. Please, not to interfere, American friends. (Jonny) Hey, what gives? (Dr. Quest) Karst, don't. You don't know what you're doing. [growling] The Golem obeys my every command, general. But of course, he does. As he'll obey anyone who possesses the scriv, yes. Yes, but-- [growling] - No. - Excellent. - What are you doing? - Simply more research. This creature must be properly tested. Golem, destroy them. [growling] Why are you doing this? [music continues] First you, then the President as a bold statement, yes. Do svidaniya, Dr. Quest. I hope you're getting reincarnated with wings. [growling] [dramatic music] This is a bad place to be. (Hadji) Get down! woof woof woof Get them! Aah! No-o-o! (Vostok) So much for my competition. Well done, my friend. Follow the Quest team and destroy them. [Vostok laughing] There is no need to rush, my friend. (Vostok) 'There is nowhere for them to run.' (Jonny) Oh, no! It's a dead end. [Golem growling] [music continues] No! You stupid creature. Where is it? Hey, it stopped moving. Look, up there. There is only one way out. I sure don't like this. Hadji's right, son. It's the only way out. Ah, there you are. Hurry, Jonny. Yes. (Vostok) 'Get him. He mustn't escape.' (Dr. Quest) Run! crash (Dr. Quest) Let's get outta here, boys. [engine revving] Stay where you are. Please, do raise hands. [missile whistling] (Jonny) Look, it's Race. Way to go, Race. Heads up, gang. One rescue comin' up. Oh, no! Look! [growling] [assault rifle firing] I don't know who you are, ugly but I know trouble when I see it. Bombs away! boom What, I have to try something else. Oh, no! Race! You want this crate that bad? You can have it. (Hadji) You must learn not to throw things. Hey, guys. I see our way out of here. And not a moment too soon. (Alena) 'Of course all Czech children know the legend' 'of the Golem phantom. But it's also hard to believe.' It looks like your defenses are in place, Madam President. Very efficient, Alena. Thank you for believing us. If it were anyone else, I wouldn't. My military isn't so trusting. The Golem legend is considered sort of a fairy tale. But this Vostok man is a notorious figure in this part of the world. Since you reported him operating in this country my military advisors insisted on maximum defensive precautions. [lightning crackling] [intense music] [lightning crackling] [growling] Quick, the lights! Fire! [assault rifles firing] boom [dramatic music] [firing continues] boom So it begins. Your troops stand ready, general. Very good, captain. Tell them to be patient. Our stone comrade will clear the way for them. [music continues] Unbelievable. Tanks! Fire at will! boom boom boom Maybe we should get out of here. [growling] Get out of the way! (Hadji) Oh, no! We are trapped! Regretfully, my friends destiny and I have a different purpose for you. Mr. Bannon, please, do give me your gun. What do you hope to achieve, Vostok? My goal is simple. An orderly socialist world. A world free of having to make decisions. A world much like I grew up in. Hm, a world like I spent years fighting. Ha, ha, ha. We all make mistakes, Mr. Bannon. But my army and my Golem stand ready to rectify yours. Oh, no! woof woof woof whimper whimper Golem, destroy the President and their friends. [growling] Ow! (Karst) Give me that. What? You're supposed to be dead. Not unless I can take you with me. Karst, you fool. Let go. Look, the monster is confused. Yes, and he doesn't know who to obey. - Golem, destroy Vostok! - No, destroy the President! [both grunting] Aah! Aah! Golem, destroy the President. Please, pull me. [growling] Bandit, fetch the stick. (Vostok) 'No!' Hey, rockhead.. ...catch me if you can. Good boy. Sorry, gruesome.. ...but you're too dangerous to have around. crash Good work, son. I don't know how you did it, but you did. Bandit's the real hero, dad. woof woof woof You all are angel. Hey, our friend Vostok is gone. Don't worry. I'm sure my military will catch him. They have already rounded up his troops. (Alena) This medal is reserved for the greatest heroes of the Czech Republic. Oh, thank you, Madam President. Your city is very beautiful and exciting. One week was not a long enough visit. (Alena) You are welcome to visit anytime, especially you, angel. Thanks, Madam President. woof woof Ha ha. I think Bandit would like a medal too. Oh, he gets something better. (Alena) 'A lifetime supply of doggy treats.' 'It is yours for fetching above and beyond the call of duty.' woof woof chomp (Iris) 'Welcome to Questworld. Please specify desired data.' 'The Virtua Speeder is designed for single usage' 'over uneven terrain.' 'It is vital to keep arms and legs 'well within the safety zone of the vehicle.' 'The Virtua Speeder allows for optimal handling' 'through the most difficult sectors of Questworld.' 'Wearing a cyber helmet is not just a good idea. It's the law.' 'Thank you for accessing Questworld.' [theme music] [music continues] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 