The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest 
 s2e7 - Undersea Urgency - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest (1996–1997): Season 2, Episode 7 - Undersea Urgency - full transcript 
 Murderous amphibians are released by an underwater earthquake, and attack an undersea reasrch facility. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [theme music] Play one of the best new FPS shooters, search Steam for PROJECT WARLOCK [music continues] (Jessie) 'Getting some great shots, guys.' gurgle gurgle (Zegler) The best view is just ahead, Jessie. (Jonny) Wow! (Jessie) It's beautiful. Oh, man. Very cool. (Zegler) This is the only way to really see the place. I read every article and report on this city a million times. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Mr. Zegler, would you mind being the cameraman? My pleasure. [whirring] Hi, Hadji. Hi, Race. Here we are 20,000 leagues under the sea. Behind me is the Verne Research Centre. An honest to goodness underwater city. (Jonny) The next time we come here the whole place will be finished sort of even cooler. (Jessie) Hi, dad. I hope you're getting over that ear infection. Deep sea pressure wouldn't be good. We're having a blast. This city is just incredible. - Feel better. Love you. - See you in about a week, guys. - Bye, you guys. - See you. - See you later. - Adios. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That was great. Let's continue the tour. (Zegler) 'Now this building is our administration centre' 'and that room is our control centre.' (Dr. Quest) 'Very impressive, Dr. Duval. It looks like ' 'you've accomplished a great deal in the past year.' Thank you, Dr. Quest, that's nice to hear. We're hoping to finish construction by October. Yes, nearly a year ahead of schedule. But you know that's why I'm here. Yes, I know. Whenever a Government project is under budget and ahead of schedule it looks suspicious. Well, not excatly. They only-- They sent you to check us. There's no need for you to be defensive, doctor. This inspection is just a formality. I'm not here to shut you down. To tell you the truth, I'm on your side. You've done a wonderful job here. Ah, I appreciate that. We're just anxious to get the actual construction over with and get on with our real work here. Studying the mysteries of the ocean. Exactly. Speaking of which.. Hey, kids. Thank you for having your foreman show them around. My pleasure. Mr. Zegler, loves to show the place off, anyway. (Zegler) 'That building was our living and administration complex.' 'Ahead is the city's largest structure.' 'The Oceanography Lab.' The best marine biologists in the world are the fighting over the honor of working here. (Jonny) Hey, what's that? My construction group, they're blasting a new site today. bang (Jessie) 'Wow! This telephoto lens works great.' (Zegler) 'My workers are using mini detonators' 'to precisely shape the excavation' 'after the main dig has started.' bang (Zegler) We've been blasting around the clock for eight months now. (Jessie) Is that the moon pool? (Zegler) 'Yep, our submarine garage.' (Jessie) 'Did you know Dr. Quest designed it's pressurization system?' Yes, I know. It's an honor to have you all here. Not everybody gets my VIP tour. [rumbling] What? [rumbling] crackle crackle beep beep (female #1) 'We're registering an 8.7 seaquake.' The epicentre is only 90 metres up our Southeast perimeter. Hang on everyone. [rumbling] crash (Zegler) 'There goes the main transport tube.' The whole city's gonna flood. (Zegler) 'No the flood doors shut automatically.' splash (Jonny) What's that? (Jessie) 'It looks like an exposed hive something.' 'And there's something swimming out of it.' [screeching] [screeching] [screaming] [gasping] Oh, my. Go, go. (Zegler) Head for the moon pool. Now! A-ah! A-ah! (Zegler) Whoa! splash Help! Quick! [screaming] splash [growling] No, they're amphibious. beep [sreeching] beep Aah! thud thud t'chi clank Quick, pull the cable. thud Uh, what are those things? I don't know. I've never seen anything like them. Give me killer sharks anyday. Atleast they don't follow you out of the water. That door will hold them. [Jessie gasping] Look at this. (Jessie) See how tough their teeth and claws are. That door's not gonna hold for long. I just hope dad is okay. Jonny, Jessie, come in, please. Oh, still nothing. Is there a back up communication system? I'm afraid not. Our communication tower was destroyed. Don't worry, your kids were outside when the quake hit. They're safer than we are. Sorry, doctor, but I have to find out for myself. Let me lock down this damage first then we'll prep for our search operation. [cracking] Don't say it, Quest. You think I rushed the construction. We survived an 8.7 quake. Obviously you built the city much stronger than the design specs. Otherwise, we'd all be dead. Thank you, doctor. How's that window coming? I think it'll hold for now. But this Epoxy is just a bandage sooner or later external pressure is goona crush this room like a paper cup. Do what you can. The damage report's coming up now. 'Okay, it doesn't look good.' 'The communication tower, the air reclamation' 'and main power systems are down.' (Dr. Quest) 'It looks like several ancillary structures' 'are destroyed as well.' But those buildings are unoccupied. Everyone's been accounted for.. Oh, except for nine outside workers-- And the kids! I'm using one of your mini-subs to look for myself. I wish that were possible. All our submersibles are on the other side of that bridge. We're cut off from the laboratory complex. Exactly. We'll send divers to retrive the sub. Then break out a spare dive-suit, doctor because I'm going with them. (Jonny) 'Okay, that's the last one.' When those things bust into that first air lock they're in for some nasty surprises. - Jessie? - Come in, centre. Come in, please. Every one of these blasted intercoms is dead. (Jonny) 'I think this is a video system.' - 'What are you doing?' - 'Taking a look around.' [dramatic music] click click (Jonny) 'Hey, it's those uglies.' [Jessie panting] (Jessie) 'What are the one's in the back doing?' I don't know, but it looks suspicious. (Jonny) 'Here, I think I can get a closer look.' 'Uh? It looks like they're sealing the way in.' Or the way out? [panting] We'll get through this, Jess. I-I've been begging to visit this place since I first heard of it. And now I've gotten claustrophobic or something. - I'm sorry. - It's okay. [panting] This is crazy. We're in a big tin can, sitting in the bottom of the ocean and there's those things.. Don't worry, Jess. We can beat those overgrown sardines. Listen, Race told me once that real courage is about fighting back, especially when you're scared. [panting] Dad said that? He's not afraid of anything. Well, he's still only human. We'll get through this together. (Jonny) 'I promise.' clank (Jonny) Maybe there's something we can use in here. Hey, I found just the thing. Great, mini detonators like the blasting crew uses. bang bang bang bang! Huh, they've broken through the air lock. Easy, we've left them a few suprises, remember? [growling] clank t'chi t'chi Lets get moving. [growling] (Simone) 'We don't have a lot of options, so here's the plan.' I want you three to swim over to the moon pool. And bring back as many subs as possible. [rumbling] We have to evacuate, before this place collapses. Mr. Dalchili, you keep close to Dr. Quest while he searches for his kids. (male #1) 'Hey, what's that?' - Jonny and Jessie? - I don't think so. [screaming] [dramatic music] [screaming] slam - It's too late for them. - What are those things? You're the marine biologist. You tell me. It's a completely new species. Write a paper about them some other time. My kids are with those things. (Jessie) This is the way to the moon pool. Not too bad for someone who's supposedly afraid. I'm too busy to be afraid. We gotta get outta here. [shrill screech] [instrumental music] We have to double back. [screeching] (Jonny) 'They can't stand the light.' Yeah, I noticed it earlier in the moon pool. We can't keep this up forever. What are you doing? Testing one of the detonators. Are you crazy? This whole section might collapse. Maybe. But those things will definately kill us. Well, hurry. This battery is dying. Cover your ears. [growling] bang thud More of them. [shrill screech] Come on! It's a dead end, Jonny. Hang on. (Jonny) 'There's still one way out.' No, not in there. I can't do it. You go and bring help. Jess, you know, I'm not leaving without you. I'm as scared as you are. 'But those things are gonna be here any second.' [shrill screech] Amphibious creatures could survive at these depths if their natural habitat were air filled caverns beneath the sea floor. The quake must have-- I'm not concerned about origins, doctor. I'm worried sick about Jessie and Jonny. What do we have to do-- (female #1) 'Doctor Duval.' Magnifique. bang bang bang [banging] (Dr. Quest) 'Everybody out of here. Now!' (Simone) Perhaps even...intelligent. [indistinct chattering] Come on, doctor. crash [screaming] splash [dramatic music] Whoa! [coughing] Dr. Duval, are you alright? What do you think? I found the greatest mystery of the sea. A marine bioligist's dream. And it's probably going to kill us all. Don't count us out yet. I've been in situations more hopeless than this. And so have my kids. You're not being very realistic. We're probably the only ones alive. Your kids.. We don't know anything for sure. [panting] Right behind you, Jess. Just keep going straight. You're doin' fine. It looks like a straight line from here. If we're lucky, we'll end up at the moon pool. Then what? Those things have sealed it off. It's the only way out. [shrill screech] [rumbling] Jessie, they'll be here any minute. I just can't take this anymore. Please, Jess. I can't. (Jonny) 'Then I have no choice.' clank clank What was that? I tossed a detonator down the vent. Are you nuts? You'll know in a few moments. [gasping] Of all the stupid stunts! [dramatic music] [growling] bang crash That...was the craziest, stupidest.. Ah, save your thanks for later. Right now, we've got a sub to catch. [dramatic music] Did you hear that? [shrill screech] More of them. This way. [intense music] [shrill screech] Run! - Come on, doctor. - I.. [indistinct chattering] screech screech (Simone) 'What are you doing?' (Dr. Quest) 'Something...desperate.' crackle Get ready to shut that air lock. [shrill screech] Now! [electrical chirping] [screeching] Are you crazy? If you'd been any slower.. Yes, yes, I know. It would've been...unpleasant. I think they're all dead. (Dr. Quest) 'What are you doing?' What any good scientist would do. (Jonny) Well, Jess, This looks like the best of the lot. Even if that...shell weren't covering the pool how're we supposed to get the sub into the water? If I'm right, we won't have to. You better get in and see if she'll start up. But the sub, it's so-- Look, I know it won't be easy for you but it's the only way to the surface. You gotta do it, Jess. And I'll make our departure arrangements. Hurry! bang bang (Jonny) I'm hurrying. That's tha last detonator. We have about 40 seconds. (Jessie) 'Just in time. Here they come.' (Jessie) 'Hey, uglies, bright enough for you?' [screeching] bang bang! [cracking] [dramatic music] Come on, Jessie. Get this crate moving. (Jessie) I think I've got it. Hang on. [whirring] (Jonny) 'Alright, Jess!' Hey...you didn't do too bad yourself. (Simone) Oh, they don't appear to be damaged. Doctor, this is hardly the time. What kind of a scientist are you, Quest? This...is the find of the century. gurgle gurgle And I must find a way to escape this place and share it with the world. Duval! bang [screeching] They're more! splash - Jonny! - Hi, dad. Look, let's get moving before we're fish food. Please, doctor, there's no time. No, I am not leaving without one of them. Dad, please! [dramatic music] So, when we couldn't get the sub into the water Jonny just blew the floor out from under us. Incredible! We're sorry about all those people and Doctor Duval. She would've wanted us to rebuild and try again, doctor. And if it weren't for the three of you we wouldn't be around to keep her dream alive. (Iris) 'Welcome to Quest World. Please specify desired data.' 'Warning, desired data will overload my circuits.' [alarm ringing] 'Your desire requires...precaution..' Severely ...precaution.. Thank you for your data.. Thank you...Quest World. [distorted speech] [theme music] [music continues] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 