My Life Is Murder: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 My Life Is Murder 
 s1e5 - Feet of Clay - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 My Life Is Murder (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Feet of Clay - full transcript 
 Alexa investigates the hit and run death of a young woman. Although the drunk driver involved turned herself in, Alexa believes the accident may be the work of an opportunistic killer. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Points for optimism. I mean, you can hit it 40 times at this time of day, it doesn't make a difference. It's the time cycle, you know? Traffic always wins. We just do it to make ourselves feel in control. I mean, look at us all feeling better. Open up to warrior two. Exhale. Wider stance. Me aligned with your ankle. Flip your palm. Warrior two, exhale. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Straighten your front leg. Shift your body weight to the front. Arm comes down to the mat. Opposing arm to the sky. Don't allow anything to distract you. Look up your hands, if you can. Now put your hands on the mat. So, unpleasant coincidence or what? Madison. When did she take out a full-page ad? You seemed quite, uh... Oh, God, here we go. What's the word? ...well, surprisingly flexible. Oh, well, we're supposed to be relaxing. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How's that going for you? Alright, till you showed up. No, no, no, no, buster. I'm not interested. You're always interested. Plus, I got you coffee. Hold this. You got two minutes to excite me. Victim's name is Christina Cortez. 22 years old, assistant in a PR place. She was out partying just over a year ago, and she gets an anonymous Snapchat message. Leaves the bar. PR and social media sounds right up my alley. You going to give me a chance? 10 minutes after she gets the message, Christina's involved in a fatal hit-and-run. So, isn't that a case for Major Collisions? Oh, we know who hit her. Joanne Argus, drunk driver. She panicked and left the scene. Handed herself in two days later. So, case closed. Except the driver swears that somebody pushed the girl in front of her car. Well, she get a good look? No. She was convicted of a lesser charge. Released last week. She's gone to ground. What did it say in the Snapchat message? Nobody knows. It deleted automatically. We traced it back to the victim's office. Turns out she quit that afternoon. So, you want me to investigate a hit-and-run where the driver's already been caught... Yep. ...'cause there's a mysterious message... Uh-huh. ...because some drunk driver says somebody may have pushed the victim? You son of a gun. Who'd she work for? Morgana Finch? The Morgana Finch? PR legend, social media star, of course I know her! Can't believe you don't! Isn't the whole point of PR to get the product some attention, not the person hawking it? God, in the future, everybody's going to want 15 minutes of privacy! I mean, you seem to know my every move, and you're even telling Kieran. It was a yoga class in the park. I didn't think it was classified information. - No-one likes a dobber, Madison. - Oh, yes, we do! Someone dobs on someone else, case closed, justice done, we all go home early, have a bubble bath. Well, I won't tell Kieran what you really think of him. OK, fine. I'll un-sync our calendars, but don't blame me if I interrupt your precious private time. Wait a minute, what do you mean un-sync our calendars? Are you tracking my plans? - Well, as if you didn't know that. - I think I'd remember. So, this mystery message, sounds interesting. Do they really delete those messages, or are they just sitting on a server, waiting for some clever chick with no respect for boundaries? The message came from an anonymous account created that night. And the IP address matches the victim's former office. Former office. She quit. It was sent 10 minutes before Christina died, and the account hasn't been used since. Was Morgana Finch in the office that night? Yes, plus a few junior members of staff, and a cleaner. We need to know what's in that message. - Oh, yeah, that's simple. - Great. Yeah, I was lying. It's impossible. Any time you can, sooner would be better. Love your work! Mrs Cortez? Hi. Um, I'm Alexa Crowe. I'm very sorry for your loss. I don't know you. No, I assist the police. I've told them everything I know. You haven't told me. It was her dream job. At first, it was all Morgana this, Morgana that. Always together, parties, friends. At first? And then something changed? Those last few months, Christina was... not the same. One minute, she'd be laughing, the next, in tears. She tried to hide it from me, but I knew. Now, that night, Christina crossed the road. There was mud on her shoes, but it doesn't make sense. Why would she cross the street in high heels to stand where there is no pavement? I don't know. You said you were helping. Her keys were still in her handbag. She wasn't holding them like a weapon, like you do when you're alone at night, so maybe she went to meet someone that she knew, someone she trusted. You want to know what really happened to my daughter? Ask the woman who broke her heart. Ask Morgana Finch. Those shoes, they're spectacular, but I'd probably break an ankle. Oh, you'd get used to it. I can probably run a half marathon in them now. Still, I draw the line at the boot camp. Morgana says that the point isn't to walk in them, the point is to own them. Also, they're an investment. You know, you look after these babies, and they last you forever. Have you worked here long? Yeah, I started straight out of school. - Wow! Lucky girl. - Mm. Great opportunity. So, um, sorry, how long did you say you'd known Morgana? Oh, feels like forever. You know, for a great woman, she has really been through some tough times. Yes, she's, um... She's been through a lot to get here. Were you here when her previous assistant passed away? Christina was her name. Yeah, I'm sorry. I didn't know she was your friend. No, I, um... I was in reception back then. She didn't really talk to anyone except Morgana. And that would be me. It's chilly in here. - Your aircon on the blink? - Didn't notice. Miss Crowe, you're not here to talk about the temperature? No, not really. I'm a friend of Rosa Cortez. Does she need help? Is this about money? No, no. I don't think so. Look, you've already been quite generous, I think. - Your company paid for the funeral. - Not exactly. Well, the wake, then. It was really kind. I just don't understand what else I can do. They caught the driver, some drunk, wasn't it? Oh, see, the family seems to think there was more to it. I mean, it happens. You live on adrenaline and survival skills, waiting for answers. It sucks the air out, really does. Yes, it's awful. Your 11:30. I've put them in the Witherspoon room. Thank you, Zoe. So, you were here working late, that night? Must have been devastating. Yes, it was. The police think that someone here that night sent a message to Christina, but no-one seems to know who. Well, it could've been anyone. You can never tell who's going to walk in our door next. I really have to get to these clients, but Zoe here will help you with whatever you need. We have nothing to hide. Well, thank you. Anything for Christina's family. She was one of us. I'll see myself out. Cor, all these pictures. Must be like looking in a mirror. This was Christina's. This is all the stuff that she left here. And Morgana wouldn't let us just chuck it, so... Oh, so, you guys really do those crazy boot camps every lunch break? They're a bit shouty at first, but now we're all obsessed. Morgana's an icon. You've got to be obsessive to be that successful, huh? It's about discipline, and determination. Gosh, Morgana must really have cared about Christina to make you keep all this stuff. Christina's mother said she was a bit emotional in those last few months. A bit? It was like emotional roulette. We never knew where she was going to land. And she and Morgana weren't getting on towards the end? Look, we all knew that it was going to blow over. I mean, Christina wasn't going to leave Morgana and this place. Why would she? Why would anyone? Morgana is amazing. Right? Mm. Oh. Speak of the devil. Um... - Thanks. - Yeah. Oh, pussy-cat, what you doing down there? Come out! I'm sorry, it won't happen again. I prostrate myself at your humble paw. - Come on. OK, have it your way. All the way through, all the way to the end. No stopping, no slowing down, all the way through. Good. Good job. Breathe it up, breathe it in. Good job. Good job. Good. Breathe it up. Good job. Breathe. Breathe it in. Gesundheit! I thought you took care of that. Look, antihistamines can only do so much. Where is the furry creature? Oh, he's in hiding. I offended him by offering him some home-brand tuna. It's a protest. Everything I can find on our friend Morgana Finch. For me! Passport checks, bank details, ASIC reports. And the tax stuff isn't from me. Wow. 'friend' is a very strong word. I mean, then you're not in the club. Victim's mother aside, no-one has a bad word to say about her. - Yeah? - They call her "the golden girl". - Golden what? - The golden girl, literally. No, nobody's that popular. It's the standard fairytale, drops out of uni, nabs big clients early, you know, makes a lot of noise. She's a social media darling, makes it all look easy, and then goes home with squillions. Well, Christina's mother suspects an affair. What do we know about this woman's love-life? What, you really don't read the tabloids? Morgana's private life is about as public as you can get. She had a string of high-profile boy and girlfriends before she got married five years ago. Oh, this is the accountant. Yeah, Jackson Netto. Everything seemed fine, they even started IVF, until things went south two months after Christina died. Nasty divorce, was it? No, settled. Done and dusted in one week. - What? - It's all in there. She got the company, he got out. Oh, musical differences, I expect. Work/life balance. - Stop it. - I know! I've never heard of it before either. Anyway, look, I've got to go. Sorry you struck out on the glamazon. Mm. Bless you. Get a dog! Don't you listen to her. - Namaste. - Namaste. Mr Finch, is it? That's my ex-wife's name. You here about Morgana? - Mint? - No, thank you. Sure, 'cause a mint's a hint, as my old Oma used to say. But in German. Didn't rhyme. Was there something? No, I just love this space. It must be amazing for the work/life balance. I mean, a long way from accounting. Journo, are you? Oh, more professional stickybeak. I'll save you some time. Morgana and I were happily married, we grew apart, and now we don't hate each other. 'Cause there were some crazy stories circulating after the death of Christina Cortez. Some people like to bring you down to their level. - Gossip is currency. - Yeah. Still not nice, you know, hearing about your wife and someone else. You did break up right after. That girl dying was tragic. It had nothing to do with us. You do seem at peace, you know, here. I tried to give yoga a whirl, but, frankly, it's a lot of farting and active wear that early in the morning. Oh. My word. - Bamboo composite. - Eh? New technology. Cor. You'd never spot that as a fake, would you? The things people get away with these days. - Namaste. - Yeah, you have a nice day too. Hey. Cocktail of the week. Want one? No thanks. Health kick. Oh, yeah. Body's a temple. Mm. Me too. Sometimes don't you just want to break the rules? You spoke to my ex-husband. Wow. He didn't waste any time telling you. You know, it's nice to see that you two are so close despite the sudden split. I didn't realise Rosa Cortez had friends in the police. Oh, she doesn't. I quit. Well, not entirely. OK, what gave it away? Is it the posture? It's the posture, right? I take it this is an official investigation. I was asked to form a view. I was thinking that maybe your sudden divorce had something to do with Christina, because maybe Jackson heard the rumours that you two were more than, uh... friends, you know. Then he shoved her in front of a car? You tell me. Christina worked for me. My divorce was amicable. I'm asking you nicely, leave this alone. Enjoy your drink. Is that Christina's stuff from the office? Yep. Small stuff's always the sad stuff, isn't it? Small stuff's always the big stuff. How are you going with that missing message? Ah, no bueno on the Snapchat message, but I did find something weird in Christina's laptop. - Mm. - It's Morgana's calendar. Ah, yes. Synced was it? Funny you should ask. Christina and Morgana shared a bunch of appointments together before Christina died. Um, they're the only entries in their diaries that don't specify a client's name. Scheduling an affair, saucy. Well, the weird thing is the pattern. Check it out. Early mornings, every second day for a week. Then things hotted up mid month, with two full days blocked out. Then nada for two weeks. Then the pattern repeats the next month. Same pattern? Yeah, two months in a row, the exact same pattern. And it was in both their diaries? Now, Jackson and Morgana didn't have kids... Five rounds of IVF. They did a tabloid exclusive in 2017, "Morgana's family pain". Of course they did. You think this is linked to that? I have an idea what Christina and Morgana were up to, and it wasn't an affair. You again! Hi. No, good. Thanks for asking. Our launch is in 20 minutes. We don't have time for this. Wow, a big week for you, huh? All your hard work about to bear fruit? I will meet you ladies in the car. You look great. Beautiful. You clearly have something to say. Well, yeah, you know, the not drinking, the hot flushes, even though it's 18 degrees in here, the repeated appointments with Christina. How are the HCG levels going? I mean, it's all about to happen soon, isn't it? This is none of your business. Yeah, no, of course not, but, I'm guessing it was Christina's business 'cause it's her eggs you're using. I said no at first, but she insisted on helping. And you just couldn't resist? Everything was above board. I insisted on full counselling, legal advice before she signed anything binding. And your husband Jackson was alright with all this? I'm guessing he'd be the father? He just wanted me to be happy. So, if everything was just happy families, why did Christina quit? All those hormones in her system, it's hell. She was just emotional. And you're convinced that's all it was. What else could it be? Christina donates her eggs to her boss, weird workplace dynamic becomes even ickier. Oh, she was adamant that Christina was happy for it to go ahead. Oh, you'll be pleased to learn Morgana's been paying a hefty storage fee to a fertility clinic in South Yarra for 14 months. So she's still storing the eggs? Now, Christina quit very suddenly. Maybe she had a change of heart. That wouldn't have gone down well with Morgana. Yeah. Yeah. Christina changes her mind, prospective parents distraught. Someone's desperate, someone steps in, and then someone's dead. Something like that. Is it weird that Morgana and Jackson drove a car that looks just like the one that hit Christina? Oh! Zen, my arse. You were right. The front of Jackson and Netto's car had been repaired. According to the panel beater, his car collected a bollard at his local supermarket the day after Christina died. Convenient. Witnesses? Half a dozen. Any damning evidence becomes doubtful. Or dodgy as heck. Look, either way, the loving husband. Loving ex-husband. Maybe Jackson was covering for Morgana. One hiccup, though, Joanne Argus confessed to running Christina down. I know, I know. Look, should I ask you where you're going? Walk in the park. Find me that missing message, would you? - There you go, buddy. Thanks. - Thanks. Well, you're in luck. It's minestrone today. Oh, actually, could I just have a cup? Oh, yeah. I reckon it needs more salt. Everyone else is worried about the coriander in the Thai chicken. - Oh, tastes soapy? - Well, they say that. You don't like minestrone? I've got some leftover sandwiches from last night. No, the soup is great! Could use some bread, maybe. Listen, I'm not really here for the soup. I want to talk to you about the night Christina Cortez died. There's a sandwiches in here somewhere. My name is Alexa Crowe and I'm not here to make trouble. I just want to ask you a few questions about the statement you made concerning that night. I was a different person a year ago. Yeah, weren't we all? Please. So, that night you'd been drinking. - It was a big night? - They were all big nights. And it was definitely you who hit Christina? Why would I lie about it? In your statement, you said that she appeared headfirst like someone pushed into a pool. You said you caught a glimpse of someone's arms but you didn't have time to stop. - Is that right? - If that's what I said. See, most people, when they make up stories to get themselves out of trouble, they add all this extra detail, like a redheaded woman with a blue striped dress or a pale fat man with a scar, but there was none of that in your statement. No, there wasn't a pale fat man with a scar. But there was definitely someone else there. If that's what I said, then that's what I saw. Did you get any sense of gender or hair colour, anything? - Alexa, is it? - Yeah. You want to know what I remember from that year? I remember my husband's face when he left me after the inquest. I remember the mother of that girl crying on TV, waking up in my own sick. But... I don't remember anything else. And I thank God for that every single day. You're doing a good thing here. It's a work in progress. Yep. See, until Joanne confessed, all Jackson Netto knew was that Christina was killed by a car that matched the one he shared with Morgana. So he smashed the car and suddenly the damage has a cover story? Maybe. I mean, the people around Morgana are just desperate to do anything she wants. It's creepy. Why would he cover for her and then get divorced two months later? Isn't it Splitsville all the way? Well, how many divorces you know are based in logic? You've got a little bit of schmutz on your... Other side. There you go. This isn't about Jackson, it's about Morgana. See, Jackson added two and two and came up with 97. He knew Morgana intimately, and the moment he heard that Christina had been killed, he thought his wife had done it. So, what did he know that we don't? Boh. It's Italian for "I don't know". So, no word on Snapchat message? Not yet. But Christina's records do show a reimbursement for a medical appointment. Came through not long after she died. But I thought Morgana was paying for her fertility treatments. Yeah, I thought so too. Looks like this appointment was the week Christina died. That's the week she quit. Do we know what it was for? Looks expensive. Need a warrant to get into her medical records. Alexa Alexa, do you want me to try to get into her records? Uh, no, I've got a better idea. Oh. Mrs Olivetti? It's chockers out here! Oh, yes, bring me your sick and your dying. And turn on a fan! Attention must be paid, they say. But they don't do it, do they? I mean, the whole world is spinning around, and you know who's paying attention? Nobody, that's who. We've talking about finding ways to relax. If the yoga's too much, maybe try some deep breathing. You know what? Try it with me now. - No. - Breathe through the nose. - No! - Yes. No! Look, Doctor... ...I'm very much obliged to you for your professional opinion. I mean, you are, without a doubt, the most thorough, and, how can I say...? Well, thorough pretty much covers it actually. Which is why at this moment I need to pick your pharmaceutical brain. This is about your insomnia. No, it's about cancer. Yeah. Chemotherapy, in particular. I mean, there are some side effects. Ms Crowe, we've been through this. Searching the internet can often lead to some alarming results, but it's highly unlikely that you... No, no, no. It's not me. It's someone else. A friend? Murder victim. Well, sounds like chemo isn't going to help. Oddly enough, it may be the only thing that can. I found this in Christina's notebook. It's Saint Peregrine Laziosi, patron saint of cancer patients. So, you think Christina had cancer? I thought maybe it was for a relative at first, but then with the specialist appointment and the timing... That is so sad. Yeah. If Christina found out she needed chemotherapy, she'd be advised to store her eggs before treatment. Maybe there wasn't time. Maybe she needed her eggs for herself. So, you think Morgana wouldn't give them up? Well, could explain why Christina quit so suddenly. So, Christina's got all these hormones mucking up her emotions, and then she gets this awful news, and then the woman who she would do anything for refuses to help her? Do you think Christina sent herself a mysterious message and then arranged for a car to run her over? - Seems a smidge elaborate. - Well, maybe it's worth considering. Well, maybe it's worth leaving this to me and you get on retrieving the missing message. Look, there's no way. Trust me, I've tried everything. Maybe we need a better data analyst. Kidding! You're always saying you're the best. Morgana's used to getting her own way, so maybe Christina changing her mind sent her off the edge. Finally someone says no to her. You think that's enough for her to kill? You hate it. What's this got to do with me? You know exactly what to say and do to make people do what you want. She and I are nothing alike. Oh, why? Because you're using your powers for good? Yeah, for starters. "Hey, Madison, I bet you can't find his missing file. - "I thought you were good at this." - Well? You're so good at reading everyone else, sometimes it's like you can't even see yourself. I'm outside the bar where Christina was killed, but I just don't get it. Why here? So many potential witnesses coming and going. Jesus Christ. One scream and our killer is cooked. I mean, Morgana could've summoned Christina to her office any old time and done it all there. Look, desperate, stressed-out people do weird things. Yeah. No, I'm missing something. It's bloody annoying. OK, tell me this. Am I the sort of person who manipulates people? I think it's very late for this conversation. Is that a yes? That's me wondering why you're asking. Something Madison said. You know she worships you. Yeah, well, perhaps she shouldn't. Perhaps she can't help it. Listen, it's late. Why don't you go home, relax, start again tomorrow? Nah, I'm relaxed. I'm fine. Well, your lungs are certainly are. Yeah, OK, going now. I'm fine. Say 'fine' again. It's more convincing. I'm fine. Oh. This had better be good. I know it's really late... figured you'd be up. Know what? You know my schedule and I would say this is more early than late. Those pottery classes in your calendar... they're fake aren't they? You left them in for me. And the juggling, and the beekeeping. Spot those? So, deuce? I'm manipulative, you're a stalker. Go team. Yeah. Perfect team. So, got your message. I, uh... ran the bus routes that pass Vince's bar... three of them go passed between ten and eleven PM. But not the night that Christina died? There was epic footy traffic four streets away, it clogged everything up... but any other night the 971 bus would've been accelerating right where Christina was killed, at the time she died. So, the Snapchat message was to get Christina there at a particular time. Someone did their homework. Well, so did I. All those buses have CCTV... this was the night before Christina died. I mean it could just be a rando on the side of the road... but it's at the exact time Christina died, and they were there for over an hour. Oh, this is a rehearsal. Pre-planned. But why bother? Morgana's still the legal custodian of the eggs, and the marriage with Jackson ended anyway... what's the motivation? What's changed? When you're good you are very good. You know this isn't about emotion... or thwarted plans, this is about... discipline... obsession. Meaning? Oh, something changed alright... just nobody noticed it. Ah, there she is. What is this... some kind of a sick hobby for you? No, this conversation, this investigation, this obsession is over. Your private hell, Miss Crowe, does not entitle you to persecute a member of the public. Even if it's for an apology? 'Cause I owe you a big one. Morgana, I know you didn't do it. Oh, shh, shh. Thank you. These friggin' meds. Round after round of this. It was destroying me... destroying my marriage. I thought Christina's offer might save everything. And get you what you wanted. It seemed so simple. She was your assistant, I can't think of anything more complicated. You've never gotten too close to a client? Well, this girl wanted to please you so much that... ...she got the same haircut... wore the same clothes, right down to the shoes... and when she discovered that she needed her eggs back, when she needed you... you said, "no". You don't think I regret it? My... friend... died... hating me. My husband blamed me, and knocked up the first woman he met. And everyone thinks it's just some juicy goss about the golden girl. Not one person asked if I was OK. Are you? I am told... the key to these things is learning to let go. Finding a way to be happy with what you've got now. I'm not asking for much, just this one thing. And what about what Christina wanted? Ah, Morgana Finch? Yes. I'll be right in. I did not kill Christina. None of this is my fault. You didn't push her... that's true, but I believe you started this, even though you didn't mean to, and I need your help to end it. And I need your phone. Oh, Morgana's not coming. I didn't think you'd mind me faking a message from her, call it an homage. I don't know what you're talking about. Course you do. Look... it's kind of an age old question, why did Christina cross the road... and who did she find there? It was a great idea... you know, pretending to be Morgana, luring Christina out with promises to talk. You all knew how to impersonate Miss Finch. She taught you well. Morgana doesn't care about you, OK. No-one every noticed you, did they? You'd been there since the day you finished school, and then Christina just waltzes in and takes all of Morgana's attention, - and then throws it back in her face. - What is your problem?! You knew you could do so much better, didn't you? - Trouble was the bloody bus is late. - Let me go! Typical. Right? There's never one when you want one, is there? But you got lucky. Let me go! What?! Oh, God! OK, now what part of this am I missing? This is ridiculous, - I don't have to listen to this. - No, no, no, no, no. You know what really bugs me? Is the mud and the grass. I mean look, look here. Here. Mud and grass, it's just so hard to get out of the mesh. The detail on these shoes. These are Christina's shoes from that night... I wanna see your shoes from that night. - You think you're so good, don't you? - Let me go! I mean, a lot of people would have gotten rid of the evidence, but... well, you know, these shoes on your wage... and as you said, "the whole point is to own them." I'll give you this, Zoe... you took longer than I thought you would. Cops came and got your shoes this afternoon. I'm sure forensics will find something useful. Oh, they're probably gonna wanna know why you came here in such a hurry to find them before anybody else did, but, you know... It's sad... all those lives ruined, and... Morgana barely even notices that you exist. You didn't know that Christina quit, did you? If you'd waited just a couple more days you would've had her job anyway. It's a bloody waste. _ Well, I told you I'm fine. Doesn't mean you're not hungry. Lovely! Now I've got you doing my dirty work for me. Strange, thought I was getting you to do mine. Oh, Captain, my captain. I'm calling a truce. I will give you some of my chips... but the fish is mine. - What? - That cat. He's all I've got. He owns you. - And he's not even mine. - No. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 