Gintama: Season 2, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Gintama 
 s2e14 - Odds or Even - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Gintama (2005–2018): Season 2, Episode 14 - Odds or Even - full transcript 
 Takasugi, ally of the Harusame Space Pirates, and Kamui, captain of their 7th Division get caught up in some internal politics. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 O-Otose! Why are you here?! Madame Otose... Stop this silly fighting. Let's make peace and celebrate at my bar. H-Huh?! Pirako, you're coming too. Since you made a real mess of things you'll have to make up for it with one hell of a show. Otose... Whatcha babbling about, old lady? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We don't have time for that! Finish up your business then. How long are you guys going to lie there? This old lady came out here despite being seriously injured. Enough of your petty bickering. There's a serious fight in the works, with Edo on the line. If you don't protect this town, who will? We may be moving in different directions, but we all started in the same place. The yakuza, trannies, cabaret girls... We all love this town. That's all there is to it. Otose-san! Look out! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey, if you wanna snuff one of the Four Devas while I'm around, come back in a hundred years! B-Bro! What are you fools doing?! You always return the favor, seven for three! Well, Gran? Show them our... No, show them the Kabuki District's might. 'Tis An Honor! Wh-Who's there? A bandit who's opened the door to paradise... Catherine the lock picker! Sorry to keep you waiting. Why did you shut the door without saying anything?! Do you realize how hard it was for me to get here?! They found me! Hey! Open the door! Help! Stay away! Don't come any closer! Wh-Who's there? You scared him because of your funny clothes, Catherine. That's right. Don't worry! The Kabuki Cats are here now! B-Bro! What are you fools doing?! You're gonna stand around while the Amanto take over our town?! Ka-Katsuo... Young lady, we were the castoffs of society until the boss took us in. We're prepared to throw away our worthless lives for the boss, and for his daughter. However... We aren't gonna abandon the town our boss has dedicated his life to protecting. We have a duty to protect the Kabuki District! Take a good, hard look! This is the town your old man has been protecting! Let's do this! The whole universe will learn to fear the Jirocho Gang! The Kabuki District belongs to us! Heh... They're the ones who made a mess of this town. That's why I can't stand yakuza. The Kabuki District belongs to you? No. It belongs to us trannies! It's finally time for us to go crazy! Show them the true power of a tranny! Loud and clear, everyone. This is the Kabuki District! Fr-Freaks... Kill them in the name of the Harusame! Finish them! Pops, we promise to protect everything which was dear to you. Jirocho... Take care of her... Take care of our town... They did it! There were only two of them. My elite soldiers lost to these base monkeys. This can't be... This can't be... That's... Otose! I never expected this filthy town to be home to such heroes. Mark my words, Jirocho... The Harusame will return this favor! W-Wait... All this effort to chase a vixen out of town. I don't want to get any older. But you young'ns are disappointing. When I was a young lad... The elderly always let nostalgia cloud their memory. I don't want to get any older. Hey, kid. Is that his jutte? Why do you have it? I made a one-sided promise, and then I swiped it. Heh. Same here. Whenever I smoke, the memories come back. I would watch from behind as he walked around, toying with his jutte while smoking with his left. It was rather striking to see him with the Kabuki District as a backdrop. He loved this town, and I'm sure that this town loved him. We can smoke and fiddle with a jutte, but we can never be like him? He died the way he lived. Like a man, who sacrificed his life for someone like me while leaving loved ones behind. I killed him. So I had to give up on being a man, on being human, in order to protect what he left behind. Even if the town hated me for it... Damn... So you weren't trying to kill Gran. She's always been a pain in the ass. Squawking in my ear whenever I did something... My resolve would waver when I saw her. When I watched you guys, I would get the urge to go back to being the old Jirocho. You're getting in my way, Tatsugoro. Let's settle this once and for all. We'll see who's worthy of inheriting his pipe and jutte. I'm not interested in any inheritances. I just wanted to keep my promise this time. It's obvious that neither of us is going to cave or give in. In that case... ...there's only one way for us to move forward. I will keep my promise and survive. In return... ...you will keep your promise... ...and die. Both of you are chained to this town by the same thing. A promise made to a certain man. An iron vow of your own choosing. The chains of a warrior. Old man! Your promise was broken. I win. Bastard... Why didn't you cut me down? Like I said... I'm going to keep my promise this time. Pops, we promise to protect everything which was dear to you. Quit smoking, old timer. I'd appreciate it if you never woke up again. Usually, you wouldn't put a guy in the same room as the person he stabbed. This can't be a hospital. Must be some kind of haunted house. What was that, Seirogan?! Looks like everyone managed to survive somehow. Had nothing to do with us. Our lives were saved. Your daughter spent three days taking care of you without any sleep. And your daughter kept an eye on me to make sure I didn't run off again and exacerbate my injuries. A futile effort. We can stab you, tie you up, and you'll still get back up. You're one to talk, stubborn mule. I know that I'm stubborn, but you make me look like a reasonable fellow. Everybody turned out to be as twisted as he was. Actually, you're worse than Tatsugoro was, since you beat me in a battle of wills. You look pretty happy for someone who was beaten. Yeah... It's been so long since I've had a real fight. A real fight between men and warriors. I can only laugh after losing in such a satisfying way. I've given up so much to be able to keep my promise... But he managed to save everything to keep his promise, including me. No, I was just running away... I was scared of losing anyone else dear again... He shattered the ungainly chains around my neck. They made it clear that they could protect this town without me. Twenty years... I spend twenty years keeping my promise, and this is how it ends. In the end, I just made everyone around me unhappy, while failing to keep my promise. Otose... You've done a lot for me. But I kept running in circles. I was never able to return the favor. Sorry I couldn't make you happy. Jirocho, I'm... Damn! What are people doing?! It was about to get good! I told you to stop pushing! It's your fault for bringing such a big camera! Shut up! How often are we gonna get to see the boss in a romantic scene?! Men are so hopeless. The sensitivity of a brick. What's that in your hand?! Please stop this, everyone. Recording mode off. I just heard something! You were recording! You were recording the entire time! What are you people doing here so late?! Wait, that's alcohol! Don't you realize what kind of place this is?! This is ours! Do you realize how much effort it took to get the old lady on top of the roof?! Jirocho... You and Gintoki will never change. You're both selfish jerks. The difference is that he had people to help him realize that other people needed him the way he needed them. Now, you can see that there's no need to worry. There are plenty of fools in the Kabuki District to carry on the spirit of you and Tatsugoro. You did a fine job of protecting this town until the next generation could take over. You kept your promise. So you can let go now. You have other promises to keep. I'm very happy right now, Jirocho. I met Tatsugoro here in the Kabuki District. And I met them. And I met our beloved Jirocho again. Thanks for everything, Jirocho. This isn't good. My eyesight's starting to fail me. First, I can't control my bowels, now I'm leaking up here. Greater Edo Hospital I don't want to get any older. We cannot allow them to get away with this. Just you wait, Devas. I can no longer turn back. I will do anything to obtain the Kabuki District. I've been waiting for you, Lady Kada. You're...! Sorry, but could you not interfere? I finally get to see my old man look... Silence! Don't you understand that you're the one who's interfering?! I do. My interference is over. But I'm taking you with me! You're the only one who's leaving! Br-Bro! Sacrificing yourself to take out the enemy... won't be enough to make up for everything you've done, bitch! There you have it. Whatcha gonna do now, Pirako-chan? My job is finished. You can have your way with me. Sad. Don't you need to settle things with your old man? I have. You took all the glory though. You're the one who saved my old man. I didn't expect you to protect him... No, it wasn't just you. This town has wonderful people who help one another despite their differences. They do more than take away... If I could be like them... But it's okay now. The father I wanted to see... The father who Mom and I were waiting for... ...is back. Bro... Everyone... I can't apologize for what I've done, but let me say this. Thank you for letting me see my father one last time! I couldn't be my father's daughter or the Bro's underling, but I was very happy to be a resident of this town, if only for a moment. Please let me take responsibility for what I've done... Sorry, but I'm not sadistic enough to beat up a crying little girl. Besides, I'm tired. Go wait at the place listed there. I'll deal with you once I'm healed up. You better be done crying by then. Let's try that place next time. Sure. Bar Chono What? You want to know who the strongest man in the Kabuki District is? You must be new in town. Won't last long with that attitude. Forget it. This town is on a whole different level. It's too dangerous. With the fall of the Deva Kada and the retirement of the Deva Jirocho, the fragile balance of power is beginning to crumble. The town's never been this tense before. Is that you, Bro? 'Tis an honor. I was born and raised in the Kabuki District of Edo, where I lived as a ruffian in a town of ruffians, always surrounded by steel. I am ashamed to admit that I have walked astray and was guided by my brothers to embark on a journey of redemption to regain that which I have lost. I have been called boss, warrior, and many other names, but I have given them up. I am the father of Pirako Chin, Jirocho. It's rude, but may I ask who you are? I-I am the newest member of the Odd Jobs family in the Kabuki District of Edo... On a journey to find my missing father... I was guided here by the kindness of my brothers. I am the daughter of Jirocho, Pirako Chin! We must have been brought together by fate. Would you mind if I accompanied you on your journey? I'm home. Next Episode: Odd or Even Next time: Odd Or even? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 