The Vow: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Vow 
 s1e7 - Blame & Responsibility - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Vow (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Blame & Responsibility - full transcript 
 Catherine travels to Buffalo to meet with Frank Parlato, creator of "The Frank Report," to build a dossier of evidence. Toni Natalie, one of Keith's former girlfriends, share hers experiences and challenges she faced with Keith. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm the front page of the New York Times. All of a sudden, the whole world knows. I'm hoping the authorities will take another look. I hope so too. I gave up making millions to help build the company. During my nine years there, there were 12 women he was intimate with. I held a forum. There were nine women who wanted to confront Keith. We all resigned. We wrote our resignation letter asking for money 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 that was owed to us. This is extortion. We are filing criminal charges. They said that I had done all of these crimes against them. So I had to defend all of those. I just spoke to Frank Parlato. This is my last resort, going to the media, and unless there's outrage, the authorities are not gonna step in and do what they should do, which is shut this down. Oh, my God, it's the attorney general! The negative aspect of shame is what you feel with guilt. Shame is actually the fear of approaching, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 or being associated with others, because of whatever you did. In other words, you did something that was shameful. Shame is when you don't want to be associated with something, so you fearfully run away from it. Just like guilt, shame is a verdict we pass on ourselves. But the issue here is how you handle shame. Someone who is at cause doesn't feel shame in the same way. As the results of their actions unfold to them, they feel a strong motivation to stop it. When the at cause person sees something they've done going awry, and realizes that they've participated in something that goes against their values, they're motivated to face it, and do something about it. They feel empowered. In the past two weeks, since the "New York Times" articles have come out, I would say 100 publications have picked up the story. "People" to "Megyn Kelly" to "20/20," "Nightline." This is, like, all over the freaking world. And I am conflicted, because I have a child who's blaming me for potentially destroying her reputation for the rest of her life. This is a horrible situation for a parent to be in. He's not even commented. I sent him the media that we got online yesterday, I texted him the cover of the newspaper. He's not even... I said, "We need to talk." Nothing. Nothing! And I am a tad hysterical right now. Part of me was fantasizing that she would say, "Mom, come get me. You're right. I want to come home." And that's not the case at all. In fact, quite the opposite. I texted her... "Darling, please call me. I love you." Nothing. No response. And quite frankly, if I were in her position, I would be pretty pissed, too. Sarah Edmondson Hello? Hi, love. - How are you? - I'm okay. Catherine, you said you have news. Can you fill us in? Yeah. Okay, so, the chief investigator in the Attorney General Schneiderman's office has reached out to me, and they're interested in the criminal angle. What we need is evidence of criminality, that will help bolster a criminal case. We need to be able to collect all the evidence, - to hand a package in to the authorities. - Okay. We need more people to come out on the record, stating their experience. And if those people have been involved in illegal activities, or aware of illegal activities, - we need that information. - Mm-hmm. Okay, here is a question, guys. Who can we bring in to help us, because all of us can't do all of this. Look... look, remember, we have different agendas. I have a child to save. - I don't want to burden you... - Of course. - With extra stuff, so. - No. This is, she's not my child, but I... I'll have your back wherever you want me to have your back. - Okay? - Thank you, Sarah. That means a lot to me. All right, I'm gonna start a list. Anyone for sure that we can trust. And I'm just gonna say, "Who wants to help?" Is that okay? - Yeah, fantastic. - Yeah, that's great. I think that's great. And remember Frank Parlato? He has a lot of sources inside and outside of ESP that report to him. He's says he's got about 30 people. Right now, he has more information about what's going on than really anybody else. Some of the stuff Frank writes is very vulgar, and over the top. Like it's really rough. Every time there's an article about India, - and they're usually pretty graphic... - Mm-hmm. It hurts. But I don't interfere with his reporting. - Is that what it was? - Yeah. I mean, he's kind of strong-arming these women who are not really understanding. They're scared to come out, and get, you know, screwed by this whole thing. He's not at all remotely sensitive to that. Frank has published lies about people that have really hurt them. I think he is potentially guilty of some things but they pale in comparison to everything else that's going on. Frank Parlato. - Frank? - Frank Parlato: - Hey, how are you? - I'm okay. The chief investigator called me. He wants a meeting with me on Monday, November 6th. But I need all the evidence in hand. Otherwise, it's a waste of a meeting. But I want to strategize, and... I'm... Are you available that weekend prior? Monday. So I have the weekend to prepare. Mm-hmm. I've never met him in person. I imagine he's a character. He is a character. And he was kind of odd on the phone when I first reached out. But the more I got to know him, the more I realized we have the same agenda. And I think he's helped a lot of people get out. Mom, you picked up! - What? - I said hello. Listen, I need you to do something. Can you call Charles and get a direct contact - with the Dalai Lama? - Uh-huh? I want to tell him that my daughter's being held as a sex slave, - to this organization because... - Yes. He should probably make some sort of public statement. And Charles is very close with him. - Fantastic. All right. So, I just... - Yeah, I'm landed in... I'm in Buffalo, driving right now to Frank Parlato's house to put together the evidence. For my meeting on Monday. Tonight we're staying at Frank's house. No, I've never met him in person. I think so. What do you think of The Frank Report? All right, love you, Mom. Bye. I shall. Kiss, kiss. Bye. Prince Charles. He's Mom's second cousin. That's it? It's the one that looks like the Addams Family? Yeah. Hi. It's so good to meet you. - This is Jerry. - Hi. - Hi. Nice to meet you. - Hi. Lovely to meet you. - That's Brad. - Who's Brett? - Brad. - Brad. I'm Catherine. Nice to meet you. So, where do you want to work? Are we gonna need a table? - Are we gonna need... - Oh, we need the printer. Brad... I got the printer. - Oh, I gotta get the paper. - Paper. I'll do the... Paper's in the front seat. - Would you help me? - Yeah, I'll grab it. Got enough? Got enough film? Um, yeah. We can do as much as we... as much as you want. Let's do "cut" right now, 'cause I gotta talk something private. Yeah, but you see, the real chess people, the greatest chess people, including myself, we don't need a board. We keep the whole game in our head. You plan out 14 steps ahead. I'm seven to go. Can I try pineapple and carrot juice? So, Frank has a juicer that he's never used. But we can christen it. All right, everybody cross their fingers. I'm sure there's a better way of doing this. Okay! Here. You be the official taster. Who else wants juice? - It's very good. - You like it? - Yes, very nice. - Well, it's what we had, and I winged it. That's kind of how I cook. Thank you so much. Aw, Debbie, you're so sweet. Thank you for helping. So, we're trying to put together a package. True evidence of criminal activity. She's going to see the Attorney General's chief deputy and investigator. We have a list of crimes, and we want to know how best to present those crimes, and how much information to give pertaining to each crime. Read off some of the crimes. So human trafficking, extortion, uh, assault, hazing, scheme to defraud. Immigration fraud, wire fraud, money laundering, tax evasion, retaliation against witnesses, slavery, kidnapping, medical malpractice. I can't prove all of these claims. Mm-hmm. So, would you go with a leaner package, or a bigger package? She can tell you, they're starving her daughter, they're making her sleep deprived, they've branded her. They're coercing her to have sexual activities, and to coerce other women to have sex with Raniere. - It's human trafficking, I think. - Yeah. Yes. Well, plus, they all gave collateral. And they were told if they didn't fulfill their assignments, they would release that. Blackmail. Let's just call it what it is. Exactly. And people have gone to law enforcement with that evidence and they still have turned them away. So how do we handle this list of crimes? I want to make sure that I'm saying this right. "Clare Bronfman 'loaned, '" in quotation marks, uh, "at least $65 million to Keith Raniere and NXIVM companies. NXIVM declares no income and therefore cannot repay said loan." That's pretty clear? They're cooking their books. Yeah, but they're saying it's consensual. Most people probably don't know, Catherine is India Oxenberg's mom. And Catherine's literally been spending all her time and energy compiling evidence and working with Frank. And I believe that Frank probably has 75 percent of the evidence. What we don't have so far is witness testimonies. If all of us write letters, basically saying that there is criminal activity, that we believe, we know, we participated in, they may have to look at it. What I think everyone would want to know is what kind of impression we want them to have when we write this. Yeah, it's really important that you share a tiny bit about your experience, that you were brought in under certain pretext. Because ultimately, this is a criminal enterprise - masquerading as a personal growth program. - Right. The idea was to get 100 letters. We would use the same system that got us in, in terms of enrollment, to get out, which is to, like, think of a couple people each that we could duplicate this with. And I have an example, if you want me to read it. "I had three separate women contact me fearing for their safety. "What were they afraid of? "The branding of Keith Raniere and Allison Mack's initials in their pubic area." "DOS is a monolithic and ruthless group, "masquerading as a group designed to liberate women. "It relies primarily on coercion instead of open dialogue, "on intimidation instead of free choice. At the beck and call of a man accountable to no one named Keith Raniere." No one's ever done this. No one has ever done what we're doing now because they're too afraid to talk to other people. "Is this gonna get back to Keith?" That's why he's able to do what he's done for so many years, and not just in ESP. We need to expose him. The more people that expose him, the more people come out of the woodwork and say the same thing. All right. Let's start. Having something from you would be helpful. It's supposed to be anonymous, anyway. It's your story, but if you want to help them to understand the magnitude of it. But it frames it in people's heads. The more people that can go on the record, stating their experience, the better. Whoever you want to reach out to. Whoever you think has evidence. I think everybody has a piece of the puzzle. I really do. There are so many stories of the destruction to people's lives. And as they tell us the stories, we need to compile all the information together. And all the evidence to prepare this dossier, to present them with a case. We want the world to see. I'm seeing how long these things were going on, and how far back they went. And one thing I found is clear evidence of financial crimes. Susan Dones was one of the nine that left... back in 2009. And then they just went after her. She was sued on almost 200 charges. And she defended herself. And won. She's an amazing woman. And she totally understands how it all works. I was never his follower. I never took a course or anything like that. I was his publicist. It is astounding how many people he's intimidated and frightened. He will spend five million dollars against a person, to punish them for no good reason. He enjoys hurting people. This is a pattern. Just think about Toni Natalie. She was the original pioneer of the defectors. She was the only one out there fighting, long before anybody else came out to fight. And she did it all these years by herself. She's had 30 years of Raniere. But, you know, it really wrecked her life. My name is Toni Natalie. And I was a former girlfriend of Keith Raniere. Keith and I had a bit of a different relationship. He wasn't "Vanguard." He was Keith. He was a businessman when I met him. I met a person recently who has come up with a doozy of an idea. And I'd like you to meet this impressive young man. - Keith, happy to see you again. - Yes, happy to see you, too. It's an amazing idea. Yes, well, sometimes it even amazes me. But Consumers' Buyline is wonderful. And it's working. Consumers' Buyline was a multi-level marketing company, where people joined this membership, and as a group, would save hundreds, if not thousands of dollars, on their purchases. We've been able to concentrate all this purchasing power to get a better deal from the sellers. But you have to be represented by professional buyers who shop around for the best value. What we are about is getting things that we could not get by ourselves. We help each other have more. It's merely a stepping stone to change the way we live, and maximize human potential. The way he presented himself was, "Hi, I'm Keith Raniere. I have a 240 IQ, and I want to change the world." And it became one of the fastest-growing multi-level marketing companies in the country at the time. - -News anchor: The gross receipts of CBI's first year of operation were under $200,000. In 1992, they took a meteoric rise to $35 million. And it was pretty enticing. I mean, the program was really good. So, I drove up there to see if it was legitimate. You know? Let's put eyes on this. And when I went in, I don't know how to explain it. It was... energized. Consumers' Buyline, may I help you? It was a room full of young people, working all hours of the day and night, all excited about what was going on. And he came out... And he came up to me in the office, and he said, "Do you smoke?" And I said yes. He said, "Would you like to quit?" And all I can remember thinking was, this genius that's running this huge company is gonna stop and take time and spend time with me, and help me to quit smoking. We went into his office, and he asked me what made me comfortable, and what things made me nervous. And he was using pressure points on my hands. And he said, "Any time you feel like you're going to smoke, "what I want you to do is just press that spot, and you're not gonna have the urge to smoke anymore." That's all I remember. When I walked out, somebody said to me, "What were you doing in there all that time?" And I said, "What do you mean? I was in there, like, 15 minutes." He said, "No, Toni. You were in there about two and a half hours." I went back to Rochester, and then, Keith started calling. Hours and hours and hours of phone calls. He would share things about his life. I would share things about my life. And this went on for months. So, he knew all of my secrets. He was listening. He was listening. When I asked him why someone with a 240 IQ was doing a multi-level marketing company, "Why aren't you curing cancer or doing something that really is gonna be very significant?" And he said this was going to be the platform he used to change the world, and didn't I want to come along? And I was hooked. He convinced me to take a train to Clifton Park. On that first trip out there, Keith and I started a, a relationship. A, a physical relationship. And they offered me a position within the company. My son and I moved up there. I became instantly accepted by this group of people. This is the principle on which Consumers' Buyline has grown: friends recommending us to friends. I would love for you to join our family. It was very exciting. It paid extremely well. But Keith said, "No one can know about our relationship." "Well, why's that?" "Because you don't have a formal education." People will think you got the job because of me." My education is all of two weeks of tenth grade. And Keith knew that, 'cause I had shared it with him. So, he took my shame, and he figured out a way to use it to control me. And then, I started to feel uncomfortable with things that were going on with the company. Commission checks weren't going out on time. If you go to work, you want to get paid at the end of the week. And that's the bottom line with people. And people aren't getting paid? Not that I've heard. On Saturday night, more than 200 Consumers' Buyline members packed into this theater, all looking to meet the man behind the company, President Keith Raniere. But Raniere did not show up. The company was accused of being an illegal pyramid scheme, that uses unfair sales practices to sign up new members. So far, the company is facing four state investigations, and several state lawsuits. Consumers' Buyline was shut down by 22 Attorney Generals and two federal agencies. Keith refused to admit he did anything wrong. He said it was the government that was after him, and Walmart, 'cause he was competing with Walmart. And at that point, I kind of thought that Keith was deteriorating. And maybe his mind just wasn't as clear as it was before. Then came Nancy. And that was the turning point. At that time, Nancy Salzman was my therapist. And she was the number two NLP expert in the world. A number of years ago, I took an NLP course. I felt that this was at least part of the answer to all that had been missing. I became a trainer, and then proceeded to practice this newfound skill, teaching and working with literally tens of thousands of people. Neuro-linguistic programming is a type of hypnotherapy. Nancy Salzman was an NLP master. Define "lie." What does it mean, lie? What is a lie? What does it mean? It was at this point in my life that I met a gentleman named Keith Raniere. He could not only voice the questions that were burning in my mind, but he had the answers. Keith developed a model called "rational inquiry." In just minutes, he could get to core issues. And he said, "This is something that I could teach you. "It's reproducible, it's verifiable. I could teach it to anyone who really wanted to learn." And I really wanted to learn. A single man had developed a technology to transform and empower the world. I have a video of the first class that Nancy did. And Keith's sitting there. He watched her take control of that room, and it was almost like a light went off. He could get her to control the people that he wanted to control. They started talking about this business that they were going to create. The original intent was to go into big corporations, and sell them their program. It was originally Raniere Management Systems. And the first corporate package that she pitched, they came back with, "We love you, Nancy. We think this is great. But we don't want him to have any involvement." So when he realized that his past wasn't going to work, they kind of regrouped. And they created Executive Success Program. And I went to what I believed to be the first intensive. But, you know, your gut just tells you that something's not right. I was having sessions with Nancy. I talked to her about my relationship with Keith. Too many women around, and too many things that just didn't fit. And she said to me, "You just don't know who he is, do you?" And I started to really look at what I was participating in. And then all of a sudden we were supposed to call him "Vanguard." - Vanguard! - Just like the arcade! It was a video game that he had in our garage. That was it. Whoa! Sorry. I thought, all right, I'm going to break up with him and that's going to be the end of the relationship. And that was just kind of the beginning of hell. Uh, guys? Frank? -Parlato: Yes? I just got a text from India. Yeah? "For someone so concerned with my well-being, "I find it odd that you've never visited, that's all. "If you could pinpoint the danger that you seem to think I'm in, "that might help you. "Your claims are really frightening people "who think I'm also in danger, "and that's really sad, since if you were here, you, too, would see that there's nothing happening." I feel him... I feel him in every word. The truth is, she feels really lost to me. There's a part of me that just doesn't want to accept it. Because it doesn't make sense to me that the child that I've known for 26 years is not present anymore. I do feel responsible. I was always on a spiritual quest, around gurus and ashrams, and very often I would bring her, even as an infant, to those places. So, I've exposed her to those environments. And then I feel responsible for introducing her to ESP. There are certain things that we're good at. And then there are certain things that we don't know how to do, or certain limitations that we experience. Do you guys have a sense of what those limitations are? - I used to have that! - Me too! Wait, can I write that down? I took her to an intro. And she loved it. She said, "This is for me." And she wanted to do it with me. I figured this is an opportunity to spend five days doing something introspective with my child. And I definitely had experiences that I felt were valuable. I thought it was a good tool. I kept doing classes on and off for a two-year period. And I overlooked the things that bothered me. What I didn't know is that the whole system was designed to break a person down and lock in a new persona. I'm looking forward to hearing what you think I can say to India that will get through to her. That will want her to turn against Keith. Well, it's not turning against Keith. It's turning towards herself. But how do you invite somebody to turn towards themselves? Well, I think you have to explain to her, in truthful language, what's about to happen. This is gonna come falling down, and there's probably only one way - that she can escape humiliation. - Mm-hmm. She takes a positive step towards rebelling and rejecting the interference with her mind that Keith has done to her, and to others. She has to do something heroic. So, let's say we... - Let's say I wrote that text. - Okay. What is Keith gonna tell her? Well, he may tell her... He may tell her, "Block your mother. Block your texts." And then what would we do? She is in the clutches of something over which I am powerless. And when I realized that my message to law enforcement would include me accusing my daughter of participating in sex trafficking, it hit me really, really hard. I know she's a victim. That's the tragedy of it. And I need to tell the whole story to get them to pay attention. Now I'll show you the war room. Come on, Ramona. Come on. When Keith and I finally split up, the, uh, last thing he said to me was, "I will see you dead or in jail." And I thought that was a really horrible thing to say to someone at the time. But I had no idea... what my future held. Then I started creating a timeline of things that happened after I left. So that I could try to get my thoughts clear. It started with phone calls. All hours of the day and nigh. They would contact my credit card companies, they canceled my medical insurance, shut off my phone. They called my son's school and they canceled his school. It was a nightmare. And I, I couldn't figure out how it was happening. My neighbor said to me one da, "That girl with the long hair. She comes and takes your mail every day, Toni." That's how I found out what was going on. I filed complaints. When you kind of have a feeling like someone's watching you? He just wanted to let me know that he could get to me anytime he wanted to as easily as he wanted to. These are just all the files. This is proof of the criminal case, timelines, motions that were filed. I was forced to file bankruptcy. They lodged three lawsuits against me. While that was going on, he had me investigated by the FBI. Files and files and files. And every time you pull it all out, it changes. You know, what looked like one thing before looks completely different now because you, you've learned more. I, I don't know. This is Pam's. You'll see she's weighing herself. Every morsel of food. One handful of cereal. One bite of something. How many miles she ran. Pam's top 10 experiences. Winning the 5th Avenue mile. Meeting Keith. She met him skiing. You know, she was the one he first manipulated. Meeting Toni. I came in '91. The first time I went to Clifton Park, I remember Pam was running around the office saying, "She's here. Is she family?" And he said, "Yeah, she is." She had to commit her life to him. And part of that was that she had to help bring some women into the family. And she embraced me with more love and friendship and devotion than anyone had ever in my life. After I left, I still waited for her to call. - So... - That's enough of that. Okay. If you just look at the specific crimes, you'll find that Keith Raniere's name is not on anything. But, if you look at the entire system and how the indoctrination works over a period of decades, you understand coercion, and you understand that he is, in fact, leading and guiding and controlling every single action in the corporation. He hasn't got his name on a company, or didn't explicitly order somebody to do something, but his hand is in everything. When Susan Dones left... what we were told and what I believed was that she had maybe stolen materials, or misused the tech. Raniere is saying to make it right, you know, you have to make people accountable. If everybody steals in the world, what kind of world are we gonna have? So... they were trying to make it right. That's the story that I heard. When I finally speak to Susan Dones once I'm out, she tells me how they went after her. Why do you need 200 charges if it's the principle that needs to be challenged? This has nothing to do with principle. It's to torture the person. And I was part of the opposition against her. The reign of terror. I was the enforcer... trying to, like, capture everybody back into the system. And what happens is, people are afraid to ask questions. You're afraid you'll be seen as dishonorable. And I was afraid to ask questions. I sided with the wrong side of history against people that were just trying to get away. I honestly don't know how to resolve that. Hey. Hello. Mm... Aah! Mark, Mark, Mark, Mark. I never got your side of the story. I just held out hope that you would wake up one day. And, um, - I... -Took longer than you thought, maybe. It just took what it took. Mm. I am so sorry how fucked up all this was. 'Cause we had a, a good thing, and we, like, -got each other? -Right. And then as I think you started pushing against things, they started saying stuff about you. - Right. - And it eventually started affecting me. And I just have, like, just fuckin' regret. I think in time you're gonna find that the stuff that you have done since you left is part of your healing. Being able to stand up and, and fight for myself and expose certain things -that were the truth... -Mm-hmm. It was very healing for me. You know, the guilt and the remorse, and for me, the betrayal, that all does eventually resolve. - Mm-hmm. - But it's, it's a tough journey. - Mm-hmm. - And there's, like, no way around it. - Mm-mm. - You, you have to go through it. Hi. What's going on? Mm-hmm. Yes. There's, um... there's quite a bit. I feel good this time. I feel like this is it. Have you seen this? What was this? This was for you? Yeah, that was my death timeline. Oh, my God. This is one of the letters that Keith sent me when I left. This was what was gonna happen to me. He's showing her a diagram of her demise, basically, is what that looks like. Right. So, yeah, I say we, we do add this, and just say, "Keith's threats after I left him." - He's doing the same things. - Oh, yeah. I know. - His patterns haven't changed in 30 years. - ...changed at all. Do you think we should put the photo of the brand right up front? -Parlato: Yeah. And you know what I'd like to add is that it's two inches by two inches. The dimensions are significan. Okay, here it is. Good. Very good. Three binders full of evidence. Done. - -You want to carry them out? - Yeah, I would like to. - Thank you, Frank. Okay. Frank, thank you. All right. I'll see you. I will talk to you shortly. We'll be in touch. This building is insane. It's impenetrable. I never assumed that I would be responsible for so much of this. I have started a ball rolling, which I have no control over the momentum anymore. And what I'm delivering to the government incriminates India. I'm handing her to them on a platter as a criminal. But I would almost rather she be in jail, if that's what it will take to get her out. Everything was to help you grow. But as soon as you recognized the person masterminding it, and is manipulating women for his own pleasure, everything changes. DOS is an effect of years of indoctrination. We were led to believe that Keith was a scientist we would like to study. We're experimenting. The idea we were being sold was men and women need to walk in each other's shoes to truly respect and love each other. They're assigning an FBI taskforce. They want to speak to DOS, and they want to speak to witnesses immediately. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 