The Land Before Time: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Land Before Time 
 s1e8 - Days of Rising Waters - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Land Before Time (2007–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Days of Rising Waters - full transcript 
 When a relentless rainstorm destroys Petrie's nest, Petrie freaks out at the prospect having to move to a new nest. Meanwhile, Cera insists that Ducky take on the seemingly impossible task of teaching baby Tricia how to swim. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 And that's why tree stars change color before the cold times. - That was a great one grandpa. - Yes tell us another story so we can listen to it. - Yes. - Yep. Alright and now let's see. Hang on, once many cold times ago there was a young law Nicknamed star watcher every night he climbed to the top of the hill to look at the sky stars. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 But one night the sky stars decided to come down out of the sky they wanted to take a look at the long neck who was always looking at them  the sky star said hello to star watcher. And asked if he would like to visit them up in the sky. Are you sure that's how it happened? I'm not so sure you're telling that story right. I think you must be forgetting the stories in her old age. Cheryl is that you? It's me all right I thought I'd never find you. I cannot believe it after all this time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - I've given up hope. - I never gave up, like green food and cold times it may shrink away but it will always grow back. - Grandpa who is this? - Children I want you to meet an old friend of mine his name is Saro. It's a pleasure to meet you all. But who's this?  A Sharp tooth? This's Chomper. He was hatched by Littlefoot. - and now he's living with us.  -yeah. I want to 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 