The Land Before Time: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Land Before Time 
 s1e3 - The Star Day Celebration - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Land Before Time (2007–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Star Day Celebration - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Guess what I am? I would guess. I guess a belly dragon. And you are a rapper Spike. You are, you are. You make a shadow Petrie. What that's supposed to be? I think it's Petrie being nervous. Do not be afraid of the shadow we are making Petrie. Me not afraid of Ducky shadow. Me afraid of that. I have not seen anything like that before. Oh no, no. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's trees looking. What it's going to be? Me not know but, me think it got Cera. ♪ All I see is the day in front of us. ♪ ♪ All I see is the day in front of us. ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ THE LAND BEFORE TIME THE STAR DAY CELEBRATION That's the last time I take the bath shortcut. Cera! I am glad that's you, I not you I saw was you. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Why are you guys is doing in there? Hello can someone help me get this thing off my horn? Come on everybody let's pull. Ruby, are you OK? Oh my, my star. Me sometimes see star in near fall. No my star is day star. Look it's the one right there. It's special because it can only be seen 3 nights in between cold times. When the star is far away from the night cycle. It would be my star day. A star day, what's that? A star day is the day you reach. My mommy said that seem star appeared the same place in the same day I reach. Oh yeah it was star day we let the mysterious land. Happy star day Ruby. I am glad we can spend the star day together. Me too mommy just saying I love doesn't say how much I love you. And we love you too Ruby. I already miss you. And you haven't left. Well you must learn how Chomper friends in the great Valley worked together. - Yes Ruby that Knowledge could one day save us all from. - Red claw! - Go quickly kids. - Yes Ruby. Come on Ruby, this away. They're getting closer! Over here! Fall me. It's Taurus rock. The great Valley is this way, come on. Let's go. That star was the last day that I saw my family. Sorry. Star days with my family were all so happy. I think about it make me sad. I didn't meaning to make you sad, Ruby. Come on, let's play some shadow game. Thanks Chomper, but I don't fell like playing anymore. Me don't understand. Ruby is not alone, she is with us. But we're not her family. It's just not the same. She misses them very much. She does, she does. I am going to cheer her up. What’s not making it worse? It's your star day today Ruby. And is important for you to be clean for your special celebration. After all a star day is a very happy occasion. Why this think about happy star day make me fell so sad? I didn't meaning to make Ruby sad. I was trying to make her happy. Hey I have any idea. What's having a giving ceremony for Ruby? That is a very good idea, it is, it is. And we can make her a surprise. Me love surprise. Wait everybody wait! What's giving ceremony? A giving ceremony is when you give someone their favorite food. A giving ceremony is a time for cerebration a friendship giving. And also sharing. So what is Ruby favorite food? I know that it is sweet baubles. Oh yes, yes, yes. Sweet baubles are her favoritism, they are. Then we'll go get in the first signal of the pry cycle. Yep. We'll give Ruby the best star day ever. What if Ruby finds us? The surprise will be ruined. Ruby is busy washing, so now is the time to go. Where we going to find some sweet baubles around here? We know exactly grow on trees. No, but they grow on find in the sulfur grassy. Shelter in grassy. No, no, no, no, no. It doesn't matter where they grow. If then make Ruby happy we go anywhere to get them. - Right! - Right! Right. Let's go. ♪ Remembering, remembering ♪ ♪ Is a kind of fun things ♪ ♪ It makes me think of time gone ♪ ♪ By the Grady hello ♪ ♪ I said goodbye ♪ ♪ Find always hope to you ♪ ♪ When remembering make me up here ♪ ♪ For good, for bad, or even sad ♪ ♪ I always have remembering ♪ ♪ My remembering ♪ We're to close the mysteries beyond. Don't worry Petrie, we would be fine. Earthquake! Ought it to hurt it is. Oh no. We find the get out of here, fast. Don't worry, I got an idea. Petrie flies over here with that and grab that around this tree. Me get dizzy. Ducky, Chomper you first. Come on Cera hurry! Oh no! You made it. Do you guys smell that? Sweet baubles! I cannot move it. That rock is on our the sweet baubles. Come on everyone grab it. That is not a rock, Oh no, no, no, no. A rock! What are you kids doing here? We're here to pick sweet baubles. These are my sweet baubles get home someone else. We came here for sweet baubles, and we are leaving with sweet baubles. Got it? Whew! That was gross. What do we do now? I am a Sharp tooth. I can scary him away. That even gross! What if we tell him why are we need this sweet baubles? He is too busy eating until listen. I think it's worth to try. Excuse me? We like to have some sweet baubles for the a friendly star day. There's her favorite is food. Star day! Did you say star day? I haven't heard of a star day since I was a exiling. Take many as you like. - Yes. - Yes. Look I am like a star day make your life sense. Happy. Happy star day, Ruby! Maybe I cannot be with my family, but I can be with my friends. And I am not alone. I won't be all alone. But first I have to find everybody. Let's make giving place. Shouldn't someone who know a little more about giving ceremony be the one give in orders? Chomper! Littlefoot! It's Ruby, oh no, no, no! Ducky, Chomper let's go star head. Cera you finish setting up. Fine. Hello my friends! My friends, hello! - Hi Ruby. - Hi Ruby. Is there something wrong? No, we are just. Coming back from long walk and, We're very tired. We are, we are. Wow! Well I was hoping we all can get together and play together. Well we should go to take a rest. Maybe latter. OK. Maybe I just go to my thinking place to watch my star day star. Well! I guess I lone star day is better than no star day. Because if I didn't star day then I wouldn't never reached. And not reaching would be much lonely than a lonely star day. Oh no. Earthquake! Help! Earthquake! It's big one too. Help! Help! Help! - Oh no that is Ruby yelling! - I need help! Somebody help me! Help! Help, guys help! She is her in thinking place. Follow me. Help, help! I don't want this star day be my last day! Oh no! I wish I was with my friends. Ruby! Ruby! Chomper! Chomper, in here! Are you ok, Ruby? Yes, but I think that big rock will keep me in here with it. Instead out there with you. Don't worry Ruby if we all push together I am sure we make it move. Ready? Push! Push! Ruby! We did it. Yes we did, oh yes, yes, yes! How did you know I was in there? We heard you yell. And Chomper knew just where you would be. What more could I ask for the great friends like you? You could ask for us for the star day surprise! A star day surprise! What is surprise? Oh no my giving circle! The sweet baubles! The earthquake must cause the rock slide. This is well going to have you giving ceremony. We're even going sweet baubles. This is for you, Ruby. Sorry, your star day isn't so happy. But it is happy! - Is it? - Sure, you didn't have to do what you did. But you did. ♪ I feel so happy, I want everyone to see ♪ ♪ Is like the bright Sir is going shine inside of me. ♪ ♪ My star day is here ♪ ♪ And I was fear in lonely ♪ ♪ I thought I mind ♪ ♪ spend it alone ♪ ♪ but we're your friend ♪ ♪ We want be here with you ♪ ♪ and now it's like I have a new home ♪ ♪ I feel so happy I want everyone to see ♪ ♪ It's like the bright Sir goes shine inside of me ♪ ♪ I feel so happy I want everyone to see ♪ ♪ It’s like the bright Sir goes shine inside of me ♪ ♪ I feel so happy ♪ There it is my star day star! You know? I may not be with my family, but I sure I do feel like home. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 