Hit the Floor: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hit the Floor 
 s1e1 - Pilot - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hit the Floor (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Pilot - full transcript 
 Ahsha Hayes is a recent college grad who tries out for the Los Angeles Devil Girls' NBA cheerleading team against her mother's wishes. Pete Davenport, former all-star player for the Devils,... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Adrenaline. Money. Sex. Power. On this court, you can have it all. When you dance here, the feeling is indescribable and addictive. Winning a spot on this floor is hard. Keeping it, well, that's a whole lot harder. One wrong move and you can lose it all. Some girls learn that the hard way and those girls, they have to bounce. Easy on the lipstick, Ahsha. You're interviewing at a bank, not a brothel. - So, ixnay on the fishnets? - Look at you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Heading out into the world, looking like a boss. For where I was when I had you, you could have turned out a whole lot different. Mom, you act like you were sleeping on a dirty mattress in a crack den. You were an original Devil Girl. Coolest first job ever. Too bad you bailed before I could see you shake that thing. Professional basketball was no place for children. It was barely a place for grown women. Hey. Now I got you this interview, if you're late, so help me, Jesus, I'll beat that little ass. That's German. Okay. - Hey. You got this. - Thanks, Mom! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Wow. You look interviewy. I look like a black Nancy Grace. Okay, so where to, Nancy? - Babe, you're doing it? - I don't know. I don't know! I don't know! The first day of the rest of my life could be my last if my mother found out. But I've wanted this since... I don't remember not wanting this. Babe, tell me what to do. You know the captain of the basketball team that you cheered to Division Champs wants you to go for it. Being a Devil Girl would be, be, be the bomb! Put your pom-poms up! What does the high school gym teacher want me to do? Well, I'm sure he wouldn't mind seeing you in that little outfit too. But you know it's not my decision any more than it's your mom's. And five, six, seven, eight! People, people, these are simple steps. Okay, who wasn't keeping up? Let's make our first cuts. Sorry. No. Okay girls! Again! Let's get it better. As the premier dance team for professional basketball, Devil Girls are celebrities in their own right, tantalizing fans in the nosebleeds down to the movie stars, recording artists and politicians in the front row and nobody tantalizes more than Devil Girl's captain Jelena Howard. - Jelena, what is your role here today? - I'm here as a cheerleader for them. I live and die for the Devil Girls and I'm just here to lend all of these incredible women my love and support. Wow. She's good. Go, Devils! I hope it was worth it. - What was worth it? - Being gone all day. It takes less effort to rob a bank. Did you get it? There were a lot of people interviewing today. - I'll just call Maxine. - No, I'm an adult. - I need to take it from here. - You're right. You are right. Dinner's almost ready, go get cleaned up and tell me all about it. Do I have time to take a show... - I can explain. - Am I having a stroke? Mom, working at a bank isn't my dream. It's no one's dream, Ahsha, it's what you do. - It's what people do! - It's not what you did! No! Did you think I was joking when I said I was lucky to get out of there? - That is a wild world, Ahsha. - Oh, and I'm just a little girl! We worked so hard to get you through school! You got to dance in front of 20,000 people. You got to live your dream! This was my shot. I took it. Ahsha. Look, you can relax. There were like 100 other girls there by the end. You made it to the end? They're not going to call me back. Ahsha, while you were in the other room your phone rang. It was probably German. They picked 30 girls to come back tomorrow. I'm one of them. Well, I guess if this is your shot, you'd better take it. This is insane! What should I do? - How should I dress? - For war. Final stage of tryouts is against the current squad. What are you talking about? Devil Girls have to re-audition every year. They'll be there tomorrow. There's 14 spots. They're not giving up theirs without a fight. Pete. Hey, the entrance to the gym is this way. - There's no point in my being there. - Oh, come, on. Your judging finals is brilliant PR. You're a former all-star coming back to coach your old team. - This is awesome promotion for you. - They're not promoting me. They're not even promoting basketball. This is about the dancers, who have gotten completely out of control, by the way. They've become mass-marketed blow-up dolls and it's just a distraction to the game, to my players, to everything. They have bigger fan bases than some of your starters. I took this job because I care about the game of basketball. No, no. You took this because your wife is bleeding you dry in the divorce. Now, come on. The quicker you're in the quicker you're out. I don't know anything about dancing. I didn't even dance at my own wedding. Well, look what I got you. Mia's gone? When? Last night, she took off like Toni Braxton from the IRS. Ladies, come here please. Today is your solos. This is your chance to show us who you really are. I'm also thrilled to announce that we have an addition to our judges' table for the finals, so please, help me welcome former Devil and brand-new Devil's head coach, Pete Davenport! I don't know anything about dancing, so I'll make you guys a deal. I won't waste your time - if you don't waste mine. - I am so sorry. My boyfriend's car broke down on the 405. Not really broke down, more like exploded. - I left them there and took a taxi... - I'm sorry, who are you? Ahsha, Ahsha Hayes. Okay, well, Ahsha, Ahsha Hayes, if I have to be here at 6:30 am, so do you. Of course. I totally understand professionalism. Trust me, I was Captain of my cheer-leading squad in college. That's great. Okay? Thank you for coming. - Thank you for coming? - There's the door. Listen. She... She's the daughter of an original Devil Girl. - Nepotism? - Loyalty. What do you think would happen if one of my players strolled in - late after game time? - Can I just...? You have every right to kick me out. It's just, my whole life, I never dreamed of being a dancer, I dreamed of being a Devil Girl, to have the entire Devil stadium on its feet. Being here, it's all I've ever wanted. If you could just give me one more chance I... Please. - I think you made your point. - Whatever, your show. Second chance. One slip up on your solo and you're out. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Desiree, you're up. You're Jelena Howard. I love you. Not in a lesbian way. But if you asked me to make out with you, I totally would. That was a joke. Oh, my God, say something that's not embarrassing. When I was captain of my cheer-leading squad, I used to pretend I was you. That's cute. You think you can come in here with your college cheerleader shtick and your "I have a dream" speech and your busted choreography and take one of our spots... Your mommy may have scored you a second chance, but it's only so long before even you realise that you don't have what it takes. Devil Girls don't need to beg. They don't sob in the bathroom. And they don't play pretend. Don't let Jelena get to you. Her bark worse than her bite? No, her bite is worse. She's just trying to push you. - To do my best or to slit my wrists? - Either way, win, win. I'm shaking. I'm literally shaking. Try doing this with a four-year-old son at home. I love kids. I bet he's cute. And expensive, with a deadbeat daddy. I'll babysit him if you babysit me. - Jelena is one scary mother effer. - Deal. - Well, hello ladies. - Hey. So, which one of you boys wants to help stretch me out? Nobody's gonna be stretching anybody. My boys are not on the menu and vice versa. NOW, come ORG, move, MOVE, move. You don't ever let us have no fun. - Jesus. - Looking good, Raquel. I have to get back inside. They could call me any minute. Yeah, Miguel had a smart mouth with my girlfriend last time I had him. Whatever you told him about her, fix it. You'd be amazed at the hours and hours we spend not talking about you. Maybe that's the problem. - He has no respect, no fear. - He shouldn't fear you. He's four! You're screwing up, but I have got something that'll chill you out. A vacation. This is from a lawyer. You're suing me? This visitation BS ain't working for me. - He needs a man in his life full-time. - So find me one! Raquel? I thought we could work on some of our routines. - Sure. - I want him ready at 7:00 am, not a minute later. Go ahead. Miguel's father. What kind of deadbeat dad drives a Porsche? The kind that manages half the players on this team. Listen up. We're seeing a lot of technique here. We're not seeing nearly enough performance. We need face. We need this. Ahsha? You're up next. Break a leg. We're now going to split you up into groups of four. If you're not in a group, good fight and we'll see you next year. Names are on the clipboard. "Raquel, Ahsha." Yes, we're in the same group! Congrats! Today's your lucky day. You really want to know what it's like to be a Devil Girl? Well, in this next round, I'm going to show you. Make sure your mommy signs your permission slip. That's her, one of the new girls. So, which one of you has the crush? We heard rumors and we have to know, 'cause we Devil Girls don't just let anyone in. - What rumors? - That you're an exotic dancer. Exotic dancer? Oh, God, no. I'm a stripper. I'm going to be going around teaching all the groups the base to an actual Devil Girls routine. How you dress it up is up to you, but you need to get the base down, and you will. Even if that means I run you all into the ground. You look tight, both of you. You're not getting any extension. A lap around the stadium will get you right. - A lap around the...? - Stadium. One, two, three, four and five six, seven and eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four and five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. You know, I'm gonna change things up. Marissa and Kyle you start out in the back, but then go back-to-back and slide to the front. You've got to use each other for balance, or you both will fall on your asses. Can't we go front-to-front? It's hotter. I don't know what you do in the Champagne room, but this is Devil's stadium. We're not trying to make tips here, we're trying to make art. - Stripping can be an art. - Yeah. And I'm sure Andy Warhol did his best work on some dude's lap. I'm pretty sure he did, actually. Look, I'm just trying to spice this thing up and so far the only thing I'm bringing to this routine is a book. This needs to be killer. I'm done stripping for car salesmen in Carson and if I'm gonna get out, I need to dance for higher-class guys. And the front row at the Devil's game is as A-list as it gets. You're a whore. You're just here to screw rich guys. I'm here to dance for rich guys. So the herpes is extra? Really? "Stop!" Oh God, this is cheap. - Oh, my God. - Are you okay? You've got all those curves but no brakes, huh? - Wow. Really? - Well, I can't help myself. I see an open chance to score and I attack. I hope for your sake, your game's better on the court. Oh, okay, okay, that was B game. That was B game. Let me give you A. I don't have time for your alphabet. I have to finish out here so I can go back inside and work on my routine. - Can I watch? - You a fan of dance? I'm a fan of a whole, whole bunch of things. - You don't stop. - Most girls like basketball players. I love them. Got one of my own, in fact. You got a boyfriend? Who does he play for? Didn't I hear your coach say something about no messing around between Devils and Devil Girls? Are you sure? Because the music was loud and y'all was dancing. He could've been saying anything. Look, technically you're not a Devil Girl. I don't think my boyfriend cares about your technicalities. Cold shower for me, then. One and two and three and four, five, six, shimmy it up. Prep for your lift; Straighten your legs, Ahsha. No. Damn it, Ahsha. Since you can't hold the lift, your group has to get rid of it. They'll toss you instead. You'll just have to twist into the open spot. - She'll break her neck. - There's a hole now. - It's her fault. She needs to fill it. - Let me try. - It's settled. - No, it's not settled. Raquel, don't you have a kid of your own to worry about? - Unbelievable. - Excuse me? I am so tired of seeing you terrorise people, Jelena. You think you can just push people around. You're a bully, you've always been a bully and I'm sick of it. Listen, Jelena, I'm sorry. I think I'm just letting this Jesse thing get to me and... I didn't know Terrence Wall was going to be here today. There she is. How can she get away with sleeping with the players and no one else can? Different rules for different folk. You risked a lot standing up for me today. Nah. It'll be fine. - Peter. - Oscar. Come on, Pete. Lighten up, for Christ's sake. Look at all the ass I set you up with today. - Is that why you had me do this? - Just rolling out the red carpet. Well, with some of these girls it's more hardwood, if you know what I mean. - I mean, they wax their... - Yeah, I got it. Oscar, thank you. Georgia, do me a favour. Pull that one out. She looks like Mickey Rourke. Emmy, sorry, you're cut. - I like that one. - Yeah. I wonder why. You know what, Pete? Your wife's not coming back. Time for you to go for the rebound, my friend. When I say your name, please step forward. Monica. Billie. Marissa. Lakeisha. Kyle. - Thank you for coming. - What? The rest of you can rest up because tomorrow's the big day. I don't know what was worse, the douche bag Devil's coach who chewed me out the moment I walked in the door, or Jelena, the kraken-with-a-weave squad captain who has it out for me. Why, I have no idea. So, wait. Why was the coach at tryouts? They made him a judge, part of some PR blitz. "Coach Davenport returns to LA, rah-rah, praise Jesus!" - Pete Davenport? - You know him? I remember girls like Jelena. If she's targeting you, it's because she sees you as a threat. Will you come with me tomorrow? I can't. I said years ago I'd never go back and I meant it. - You done? - Yeah. Thanks. I don't know why she took off like that and I don't care. I'll tell you something, that girl's got a big mouth. With what she knows, let's just hope we don't hear from her again. Well, hold... hold on. Something I can do for you? Actually, yeah. First, there's something I can do for you. I'll call you back. - Let's go to Maui. - When? Now. Just hop on my jet and go. Then we can be smelling like cocoa butter and everything your mother warned you about in six hours. I can't. We have one more day of tryouts. Aren't you already on the team? It's not about making the team. It's about making the team I want. Mia screwed us over by taking off. Olivia has plenty of girls to choose from. Exactly, a lot of dead weight and I need to make sure that dead weight gets cut. I may not be a judge, but that doesn't mean I can't be the executioner. Oh, you are one hard-ass bitch. I am gonna hop in the shower. Maybe I'll see you in there. - Maybe. - Maybe? Mia Incoming. What did I tell you about calling me? I don't care, Mia. I'm not your shrink. I'm not your mother. The point of you getting gone was staying gone. Unless you want the alternative. I didn't think so. Look, I'm doing you a favour. Call me again and I stop being so nice. In the corner, in the corner. Now, right. Take it in the corner now. Coming through? Excuse me. You know you were cut yesterday, right? Oscar said I could come back. Oscar says... Get lucky! What are you doing here? They kicked your ass out. I came back to give you this. I'm gonna go as you for Halloween. That was awesome. Oh, okay. You got to be tough or these girls will eat you alive. You know, the ones that eat at all. I don't get it. We're all in this together. That's the point, right? Unity, team spirit. Oh, my God. It's like a unicorn humped a Care Bear and gave birth to you. Please don't make me worry about you. I can't stand all that gushy stuff. Why would you worry about me? You have the talent to be the next Jelena. That makes you a target. You have no idea what she'll do to make sure you're not as good as her. How do you know? Look, I may not be the best dancer here, but I know how the world works. You better watch yourself, Care Bear. Show time, girls. This is your last chance to show everyone what you've got. But this time, you're not gonna be dancing with each other. You're gonna be dancing against each other, old versus new. When Jelena calls your name I want you to step out and I want you to show me how badly you want this. I want you to show the girl you're dancing against how much more you want this than she does. A little bit of advice, dance like your future depends on it. Jelena? Lexi, Kyle. Jordan! Raquel. Isn't that the one that has the kid with Jesse Reed? Ahsha. Peyton. Nice, thank you. Girls, that was fantastic. Unfortunately you can't all be Devil Girls, so the judges and I are going to get together, we're gonna hash this out. At noon on the dot, we will announce our team. Thank you. Great job. Raquel and Ahsha, no. What? Raquel's your friend and she's going through some custody thing with Jesse. And Ahsha... Ahsha was bred for this. This team is about chemistry. This team is about fantasy. Raquel knows how to deliver it and Ahsha, she has an adorable personality, she is the whole package, that girl. Well, I'm just thinking about what's good for the team. So should you. Right, so if we can only keep one person? Why are we being brought to the main court? Why not just announce the final team back at the gym? Why? That's why. Oh, my God, what are you guys doing here? I had to be here for you. Either way. Thank you, Morn. You think I was playing about that little outfit, huh? - Ahsha! - I'll be right back. I was wondering if you'd show up. - Sloane. - Olivia. My gosh, I haven't seen you in years. Well, I see you all the time on the TV. - That could've been you too. - No. There's only ever room for one at the top. You had what it took. I didn't. - But I did okay. - You did. Your daughter is amazing. You know, I'm kind of surprised that you wanted her to do this, all things considered. This was all her. And at this point, the only one who could stop this is you. Excuse me. Ladies, when I say your name, please step forward. Peyton and Caitlin. You guys kicked ass, you're in. Brenda and Catherine. Nice try, I'm sorry, not this year. Romy and Saundy, see you at rehearsals. Lexi and Lisa. - I'm sorry girls, not this year. - What? Are you serious? Arelly and Kyle. You guys are in, yes. Happy to have you. Desiree and Allie. Cathleen and Jordan. Dominique and Danielle. Ashley and Anna. We're gonna miss you guys, I'm sorry, not this year. Raquel and Ahsha. Please step forward. Ahsha... - Don't be late. - Oh, my God! Yes! I'm sorry, Raquel. - I'm sorry too, Raquel. - Don't be. I'm still getting my babysitter. What are you waiting for? Great job, guys, great job- Congratulations, great job. You asked me to make a choice. That was not the choice I made. I thought you'd be happy. - Ahsha was too good. - So was Mia. - I didn't get one. - Oh, I'm sorry. Here you go, Sweetie. - Listen, be careful. - I will. It's here. It's here. Now, once you put this on, it's real hard to take it off. I'll see you in a bit. Raquel, right? Listen, I didn't fight for anyone, but I fought for you. Me? Why? Let's just say I'm extra sensitive to people who are doing their best to get by. And whatever I think of all this, you deserve better. - Maybe I'll see you around. - Yeah. Who would have pictured you judging cheerleaders? Sloane! What are you doing here? - Ahsha. I'm her mother. - Okay. The daughter of an original Devil Girl. - Jesus, it's been a long time. - Yeah. - You look fantastic. - You look good. - Thanks. - Listen... I don't have to tell you what goes on behind the scenes, right? What can happen between a Devil Girl and a player? Now that my Ahsha's on the squad, I'd just feel a lot better knowing someone on the inside is looking out for her. I mean, I can try, but the girls are not my responsibility. Wrong. Ahsha is your responsibility. She's your daughter. Next time on Hit the Floor. Welcome to the Devil Girls. Out with the old, in with the new. I've seen plenty of girls chewed up and spit out by Devil Girls Boot Camp. I'm a Devil Girl now. I'll never pay my own rent again. - I'd really like to help. - Know where I can find a job? Whoa hey. Gonna walk by and not give me a hug? Looks like you've got your hands full already. - Were any of the players there? - They were around. - I need to see you now. - Pete, you owe me. I won't tell Ahsha that I am her father, for now. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 