Hit the Floor: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hit the Floor 
 s1e8 - Fast Break - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hit the Floor (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - Fast Break - full transcript 
 Olivia sidelines Jelena from choreography, allowing Ahsha an opportunity to shine. German and Ahsha fight over their relationship, and Derek reveals his feelings for Ahsha. Jelena and Terrence deal with a potential career change for Terrence. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Hit the Floor... I thought we were gonna stop. The numbers came in for the calendar shoot. They're huge. - I wanted to see if you got my flowers. - Those were from you? Did you think the flowers were from Pete? - It's not all there but I'm working on it. - Not even close and time's running out. - You put me in a crappy spot. - I'm looking for something important. - Who's Ahsha? - I really have to go. You ruined the rotation. Instead of riding me, why don't you focus on Terrence? - What's that supposed to mean? - He wants to be traded. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 He didn't just miss one game. He didn't even get on the plane. It's all on you now. Derek Roman can give a good time. Not everybody knows if he can get his act together. Having people to push you in the right direction makes all the difference and I feel like I have that person. Nice interview. Thank you. Wait until you try this. These cows were raised better than I was. Did you notice the silverware? You think because you carved a J into all the silverware, I'm supposed to pretend that I don't want to stab you with it? Yes. - Fine. You want to get into this? - Love to. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But you brought us to the one place you knew I wouldn't be able to. Filets okay, sir? Please escort everyone out with my sincerest apologies and a bottle of our best wine. - Sir, I... - Everyone. Staff too. Got it. I should have told you about the trade, okay? But I didn't want you to worry until I knew the deal was a real possibility. You've no clue what this is about. Do you know how I keep control of the girls? - Fear? - Perception. You made me look like a fool. I heard about your deal from Ahsha in front of everyone. - It was humiliating. - Come on. You're upset because Indiana is far and what that might mean for us. Get over yourself. I have worked just as hard as you to get where I am and you damaged that, all because you kept me in the dark. The one person I thought had my back didn't. So you're mad about the Devil Girls and not that I might be moving halfway across the country? My steak is getting cold. Listen up, y'all. Devils email. If you want to represent the Devils at the All-Star game, submit your name to Olivia. Kamikaze mission. Jelena gets voted in every year. Can't remember the last girl who even tried. What about you, Care Bear? - Hello? - Huh? Sorry. Olivia and Pete called me and they want to talk about the red carpet fight. I'm so bummed I missed that. Was it hilarious? My boyfriend decked our shooting guard. - So? - No. It wasn't hilarious. Oh, he probably hurt his hand more than he hurt Derek's face. - I need to sweat this out. - You can count on that. I heard Jelena's got her war paint on. Everyone, on the floor now! Hold it. Hold it, like yourjob depends on it. Great. Now we have to start over. - I think my ankle's sprained. - You think or you know? Okay, from the top. Five, six, seven, eight. Okay, girls, time to shut it down. Go change in the locker room. Just stretch it out. Jelena, a word. Go on. What the hell are you doing? - It's called practice. - It's called a lawsuit. - Are we done here? - No, but you are. - I'm pulling you off choreography. - You can't pull me. On, I just did. I know how you run this team. It's one of the reasons we're as good as we are, but you are off the rails. - I heard about Terrence. - That's none of your business. Oh, you made it my business. You better hope Charlie didn't tear anything in that ankle, because I swear, I don't want any more injuries and I don't do insurance claims. You can spin this however you want with the girls, but I have made my decision. No one can do what I do. Oh, I'm sure Desiree will welcome the challenge, at least until this blows over. Think of it as one less thing you have to worry about. All right. I just hope I can focus when you come crawling back to me, come game time. - That couldn't have been legal. - Well, you didn't ask for legal. Oh, this is the life. Sex, room service. Don't get me started on that bathtub. I could spend the whole day in there. I'm not really a bubble bath kind of guy. - Who said you were invited? - Hey, now. Oh, those Jacuzzi jets are calling my name. These dance classes have me sore in places I forgot I had. I can help you find those places. I think one of them is right... ls this one of them right there? Is that one? Oh, it's all right. I have to get to the arena anyway. I have to deal with the punch between one of my players and Ahsha's boyfriend. I talked to her about that. You and I, we don't talk about that. Not in this context. This is separate. I was just saying... Even saying her name out loud makes me think she could find out about us, which she can't, ever. Okay. Why don't we talk about... talk about this? - And then we can talk about this. - Okay, I'm listening. - And then we'll talk about this. - Room service. - Hey, where are you going? - Sorry. Not even you can compete with veggie sliders. I have to sign for it and you're not exactly presentable. Jesse! Bad timing, but thanks for dropping by unannounced. This will just take a second, Buddy. You've been served. Next time, think twice about screwing the mother of my child. I have no idea what he's talking about. I didn't hear a thing. Sloane, there's nothing going on between me and Raquel, okay? - He's totally out of his mind. - Stop stammering. It's not sexy. Hey, bring me those sliders when they get here. These are for you. My fans. It doesn't take talent to put out a sex tape. You obviously haven't seen my tape. You have bounced back to this team so many times, it's almost impressive, but I will not be the president of your fan club and certainly not the secretary. Have you ever heard of negative attention? There's no such thing. Really? Tell that to prisoner 8759 from Folsom State prison. Who knew my fan base extended all the way to cell block H? Have you lost your mind? We're supposed to be in the middle of a championship race here and you're fighting! What if something had happened to your hand? I didn't throw a punch. - What if you got hurt? - I didn't. You may be willing to take that risk, but I am not. Do we get each other? So what? What happens now? You looking to press charges? - One punch for another, what? - No. I'm good. Okay. You can go. Not you. I'd like to talk to Ahsha. Please. Yeah, of course. You need to be careful. Derek Roman is not someone that you should be getting tangled up with. I used to be that guy, the guy that had everything to lose and not a clue how to keep it. I thought things were good with you and German. I'm sorry about the scene at the premiere. It was unprofessional. It was wrong. It will never happen again. If you want to talk about my personal life, I'm not interested. You can go. - Aren't you gonna thank me? - For what? Well, I don't know. For not pressing charges and not putting your boyfriend in the hospital? You choose. Stay the hell away from me. I mean it. I'm done. - Hey. - Hey. It's not a twist top. How was your meeting? Look, I'm sorry for embarrassing you at work. Thanks. I appreciate you taking it back. Well, I'm sorry it happened at yourjob, but I'm not taking it back. Look, that guy deserved to get popped. Popped? Who are you? If something's bothering you, you come to me and we talk about it. That dude is chasing my girlfriend and bragging about it on camera. I'm gonna do something about it. Here. A ticket to tonight's game. Try not to pop anyone while you're there. And that's not all. Indianapolis is cool. Wide open spaces, Indy 500. If you say one more word about Indiana, I swear, I'm gonna run through that glass wall face first. Think about it. You could be the queen of Indiana. When you're done with that ankle, can you tape his mouth shut? Stop trying to sell me on the wonder and splendour. You couldn't even find Indianapolis on a map. Besides, my life, my job, everything is here. We knew this was coming with my contract being up at the end of the season. - They made a good offer. - I already told you. Why is it a good offer? I will tell you why. We used to come in here to chill before games. Now I have no choice. I need the wraps. I need the ice. Because of Derek, I'm playing 12 more minutes a game than I did last season. He is wearing me down! This isn't about the money or wanting to live on some damn farm. It's about extending my career. - But you're okay now, right? - Yeah, in my prime. For now. I know you don't trust easily. Is there any chance you're upset about what Indiana could mean for us? I already told you why I'm mad. I have to get to the floor. Awesome, girls! It's funny the second I'm not calling the shots, Ahsha gets an opening to showboat. I would call of it more of a moment to shine. And I can't control who the audience falls in love with. If I could, my life would be a lot different. What a show. You guys were awesome. You killed it! And listen, I was not the only one who noticed. The Dream was sitting in one of the boxes tonight. He'd like each of you to perform a solo, so he can pick a girl to be in his video. - Hey, Jelena, you auditioning? - Been there, done that. You were amazing tonight. Thanks. It felt good. Why haven't you submitted yourself for the All-Star game? That's Jelena's thing. There's a time to be a team player and a time to be a star. Out there tonight, you were a star. Listen, change your mind, decide to throw your name in, just know that you have my full support. Hello, dear. How would you like some extracurricular work? What other kind of work is there? Tomorrow night, eight o'clock, Devil's Playground. Hi. Hey, I was just looking for Ahsha. Is she around? She's not, but she should be back in, like, 15 minutes if you want to come in and wait. You were parked outside my house all night and again, for the past two hours. Who are you and what do you want with my daughter? I'm a friend of Ahsha's. She told me to come by. Well, that's strange because Ahsha doesn't live here. Did she ask you to sit outside my house for days too? If you won't talk to me, maybe you'll talk to the police. No, no, no. Please, don't call the police. Who are you? - I'm dialling in three, two... - Fine. Call them. Tell them I'm Mia Sertner. I used to be a Devil Girl. - And that Oscar Kincade is after... - Oscar? - I have to go. - Mia, wait. My name is Sloane Hayes. I used to be a Devil Girl. I know what Oscar is capable of. There's nothing you can tell me that I won't believe. - I can't. - You can. I'm just so tired of running. Then why don't we sit and talk? Cut, cut, cut. That was dope. - Thanks. Thank you. Big fan. - No, really, you're amazing. Sorry, does that mean I'm in the video? You are the video. Oscar would make the arrangements. All I had to do was show up. I would open my locker and there would be a name and hotel key in an envelope. And they were businessmen or...? Guys who had something to do with the next game we were playing. You know, he'd send me to a ref. They'd blow a couple calls. He'd send me to a player on the other team and they'd be exhausted during the game. One of their assistant coaches and the starters would ride the bench. He was using you to get wins. Didn't always work. But even when we lost, Oscar still seemed happy. He wasn't trying to win. He was controlling the spread. You don't have to win to win money. It's gambling. Jesus. I can't even imagine how much money you can win gambling off an entire season and the number of people who would have to be in on it. Everything was fine until it wasn't. One night, something went down. Oscar turned on me. People started following me. You know, I thought I found a way to end this, to maybe get him running scared but... What happened that night? Mia, what you're sitting on could put Oscar in prison for a long time. - You need to go to the police. - The police can't protect me. I mean, you know how connected he is. Why should they listen to me anyway? I wouldn't listen to me, the things that I've done. You can get lost in this world and, when you're in the thick of it, you do things you wouldn't otherwise do. But that does not make you a bad person. I don't have proof. Okay, I'm trying to get it, but I don't have it. So it's me against them and there's a whole lot more of them. It's not just you, not any more. I can help you. First things first. You look like you haven't slept in weeks. Why don't you take a shower, get some sleep? You can stay in Ahsha's room. You're safe here. Mate, it's six grand minimum. Mate, I'm gonna have to call you back. I thought you might be coming by. What are you doing dragging Pete into this? Pete Davenport has a history of drinking, partying. I don't want that around my child. This isn't about your child. This is about you acting like a child. When did you become this person? You were bad, but you weren't this bad. Or did you just turn the other way 'cause you loved the life that I came with, fancy parties, fancy clothes? I loved you. - You left me. - You cheated. You knew the rules! Players have girls in every city. Wives and girlfriends go along with that. You're not a player. You're an agent. We all sit at the same table. You used to sit there too. Now you just bus and clear it. We're in a bad place now, but if you could just remember who we were then, what we were to each other. It doesn't have to be this way. Forget your rules. For once, we can make up new rule, to be kind to each other. Hey, you missed it last night. We beat the state champs by ten. We were raining threes. - So that's why you missed the game. - I have games too. My schedule's on the fridge, Ahsha. It's been there all season. That's great that you guys won. I have news too. I got the video. - What video? - The Dream. He wants me to be the love interest on his new video. Guess we can add him to the list. Why can't you just be happy for me? That's all I get to be lately, happy for you. I don't get to live a life anymore. It's all about you. You and your calendars. You and you $100,000 dances. You and your crazy mansion parties. And guess who else that was all about? Derek Roman. I supported you all through college when you were the big star and I was literally the girlfriend on the sideline cheering you on. It was all about you. But now that it's about me, I have to feel guilty. How many of my games have you been to this year? As many as I could! I turned down a lot of Devil Girls stuff to come home to you. I'm sorry it's such a let-down for you to come home to me. A lot of people have been pissed at me lately. Deserters get that a lot, I guess. We said we were gonna do this together. That's before you started wearing me down. I stopped partying. I don't do any of that stuff anymore. - I've changed. - Same soup, just reheated. Derek, this is different. Deal isn't done yet. But it's gonna take more than your promises to throw this in reverse. You got to take your shot when you get it before it's too late. Seven, eight. Five, six, seven, eight. Wow, quite a Showstopper. It's amazing what you can do when given the chance. When I'm back, it's the first thing I'm going to cut. Get ready to be grounded. This is me putting my name in for the All-Star game. I heard some wild stories about Hurricane Jelena storming around the arena. A few of the dancers came up here to drink their pain away. Anything to do with the trade rumour? You know, sometimes it's good to share things with your... bartender. - Wine? - Vod ka, rocks. He didn't even tell me. - What if he did? Would you be fine'? - No. Why not? It's okay. I'm not the one that needs to hear it. Thanks for the drink. I just want to make this really clear, because from your reaction, I don't think you got it. There's nothing going on between me and Raquel. I just helped her get a lawyer for her custody case between her and Jesse and that's... Pete, this really isn't a good time. Everything is fine. Don't sweat it. I'll call you tomorrow. Oh, there's my girl. That's quite a dress. So, what can I do for you? Got a little poker game going on in the VIP room with three other team owners. I need you to keep them happy, distracted and drunk. Well, happy, distracted and drunk is what I do best. Good. There's ten Gs in it for you, plus tips. Looks like we got some owners in the place tonight. Yeah, they told me twice. Net worth in that room alone is in the hundreds of millions. They mentioned that too. I know you look at that room and you see pigs that learned to walk upright, smoke cigars and play cards. But tonight, if you play your cards right, those pigs can also pay for your kid's college tuition. What would I have to do? You keep those drinks flowing, I'll keep the balls in the air. What do you say? I've had some time to think and... - I told you to stay away from me. - That's the problem. I can't. And I won't have any more regrets. I can't stop thinking about you and I want to. I want to bash my head up against the wall until you go away, but you're not. The way you dance, the way you laugh, the way you tear my head off. - Derek, don't. - I know. Listen, I know. I know you got a guy and he's probably great. But I can be great too. The thing is, I don't know how. But you do. And I can help you be who you really are. If I'm a mistake, I'll be the best mistake you ever make. And if I'm not, I will change your life. So I hear things are moving with your new arena complex. We've received a flux of capital over the past year. It looks like we're gonna be playing in Hollywood in no time. Well, I look forward to it. I didn't realise you guys played poker in Indiana. Well, can't play basketball 24 hours a day. Why don't I show you gentlemen our fine assortment of cigars? You're after Terrence Wall. You're throwing a lot of money at him. I'd hate to make a mess of the deal, so why don't we settle this like gentlemen? - What do you say? - Let's play cards. Terrence Wall. - I've done some soul searching. - And? And I've figured it out. I'm not right with how we ended. It turns out I do have a heart and it hurts. I never got closure. Now, I could drop all this Pete nonsense. I could even drop the whole custody thing... if you have sex with me one last time. That's what this was about, this whole time! You never wanted Miguel. You wanted me to keep playing these games with me. - I'm offended. - You're disgusting. You think this is gonna prove you're some big man? You should know better than anyone that I am a big man. Sleep on it. There was a call transferred up here for you. It's a collect call from Folsom State prison. - Should I hang it up? - I'll take it. Okay. Terrence Wall comes to Indiana. That was funner than a double overtime. Thank you for that, Oscar. I... I didn't realise we were playing with wilds. Looks like this deal isn't a slam dunk after all. That was a pun. I'm worried. Okay? I'm worried about you going to Indiana. I like things the way they are, here, with you. Thank you for trusting me with that. Now I can tell you why you shouldn't worry. Come here. It doesn't matter what city is on the front of my jersey. I'm with you and I will be with you every second that I can. I've got planes, trains and automobiles. I'll fly here. I'll fly you there. Nothing is gonna keep me away from you. Agent. Yeah. What are you talking about? That's not... How? Yeah. What? The drug test I took for the trade, I failed. Tested positive for oxymetholone. - What is that? - Helps with recovery. I didn't take it. You believe me, don't you? I don't want to be someone else's love interest. - So you're not doing the video? - I'm scared. Me too. We've been fighting each other. We need to start fighting for us. Mia? I thought you could use some towels for tomorrow. Next time on Hit the Floor... Have you seen the latest All-Star numbers? I don't know what Olivia promised you, but if it was humiliation, she delivered. You're Pete Davenport's daughter. If that were to leak out, everyone would want to see you at that All-Star game. - Mia? - I did not expect this from Coach D! It's natural to be suspicious. I don't know what I'd do if I didn't think you were on my side. What happened in the elevator during the blackout? The power went out. I wasn't trying to get stuck with Derek. Did you kiss him? - Where's Ahsha? - Pete? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 