Hit the Floor: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hit the Floor 
 s1e10 - Turnover - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hit the Floor (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Turnover - full transcript 
 Oscar forces Olivia to handle a public relations nightmare. A surprising personnel change takes place within the Devils Organization. Pete and Raquel go on a romantic date. Oscar and Chase ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Hit the Floor. Oh, my God. The guy who isn't good enough for me to know existed is good enough for you to have sex with? - How was she? - This fling is over. - I have to beat her. - What are you saying, Ahsha? Tell whoever you have to tell. Coach Davenport, what can you tell us about Ahsha Hayes? When did you find out she was your daughter? - I'm out. You win. - Where will you go? I can't get my life back here but I can have one somewhere else. What the hell? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - You're not getting this back. - It's in the Cloud now. You cannot even imagine the ways you're gonna regret this, Raquel. - We heard rumors. - What rumors? That you're an exotic dancer. Oh, God, no. I'm a stripper. I actually know quite a lot about you. And what was that guy's name? Benny Wise? That was a mess. - You blew it. - Ms Hart. Deal's a deal. Terrence Wall stays a Devil and you get the one thing you want more than anything. You're breaking up with me? I see where this is going - even if you don't. - You said you would fight. - Where's Ahsha? - Pete? A Devil Girl was found floating under the Vincent Thomas Bridge. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It is with great sadness that I'm standing before you today. The Devils organization is heartbroken over the loss of one of its own. A shining star filled with so much promise gone too soon. Mia Sertner. When Mia came to us full of life, we had no idea the trouble she carried deep inside. Trouble she knew no other way out of than to step off the Vincent Thomas Bridge. They... They pulled her from the water at 10:16 pm last night. It is a crushing loss and our hearts go out to all those affected by her passing. - Miss Vincent. Miss Vincent. - No, no. I shouldn't have had to do that. That was PR's job. As director of the Devil Girls, it was your responsibility. My job isn't to paint pictures of my girls as depressed or overwhelmed. We have no idea what she was thinking or what was going on in her head. - We did what we had to do. - We? - I'm not stupid. - This is the job you signed up for. Is it? Or am I just covering your ass? Where is she? Look. Kyle came to cheer you up! You look like hell. Sweetheart, there's a game today and they're announcing the All-Star and you're only 1000 votes behind Jelena. Hell, when I heard your daddy was Grumpy McScruff, even I voted. German broke up with me after three and a half years. I'm never getting out of this bed ever again. I told you not to make me worry about you. These are the things that happen. Now, you're not getting fired, so go get in the shower, get dressed and have your ass in my car in ten minutes. I know you've been as worried sick about Ahsha as I've been, but I heard through the Devils grapevine that she spent the night last night at Raquel's. What Mia's mother must be going through. That poor girl. We haven't talked about Ahsha. It's all out in the open now. I'm her dad. We have a child together. That doesn't change anything between you and me. We're as over today as we were yesterday. I don't understand. We were so lucky to find each other again. How can you just slam the door on that? After everything that we have been through together. After these last few weeks. You want to know why I've avoided all your talk about feelings this whole time we've been sleeping together, why I change the subject whenever you bring it up? Yeah. Because if I allowed myself to feel, really feel, what I felt for you... I would dissolve into a million pieces and I would never be able to be put back together again. You broke my heart! You cut me deeper than anyone has my whole life. And if I tried to touch that pain... I wouldn't survive. That's how I know we can never be together. Hello. Devils Nation! It's time to announce which dancer will be representing the Devils at the All-Star Game. Are you ready? And the winner of the All-Star vote is... Ahsha Hayes! See you at the All-Star Game, Ahsha. - All right, Ahsha! - Congratulations! You had a good run, Jelena. Another win for the Devils. Good night, Devils Nation. Surreal. I'm overwhelmed. - Thank you guys for coming. - Great. Appreciate it. Congrats. You won. Let me guess. Don't enjoy it for too long? No, I was going to say I'm impressed. You saw what you had to do to get what you wanted and you did it. I saw you coming. When you first showed up at that first audition with your big saucer eyes and your I have a dream speech, you were sweet, giggly. I couldn't compete with that. You were going to be trouble. Why are you telling me this now? Because you're not that girl anymore. This Ahsha got her hands dirty. And no matter how good you try to be, no matter how good you want to pretend you still are, you can't wash that dirt off. This Ahsha I can compete with. This is where it gets fun. Great for Ahsha. Better for me. Jelena needed to be knocked down a peg, that's for sure. - Something else is on your mind. - Mia. Oscar's micromanaging every move I make when it comes to that girl, what I say, how I say it. Mark my words, he's got some vested interest in her. What kind of interest? Mia was involved in something. And from the way he's acting, it's setting off my alarm. You're being paranoid. I mean, he's like that with everything. I really wouldn't worry about it. What are you doing here? Well, you're not answering any of my calls. I have something important I need to tell you. Whatever I was doing with Pete, it's over. I don't believe anything you say anymore. I wish I was just trying to be mean, but it's the truth. You keep saying one thing and doing another. You can't even trust yourself. Well, from what I've heard, we've both done things out of character. I heard what happened with German. Ahsha, don't push away the two people who love you the most. If this is what was so important that you needed to drive all the way down here to tell me, you wasted your time. It's not what I came to tell you. - I came to tell you something else. - Then you really wasted a trip. I'm just trying to make a dollar out of 15 cents. Where are you going? I have publicity stuff for the All-Star Game. So you just weren't going to say anything about my losing? You don't look too crushed to me. If I didn't know you any better I'd say you had something else going on. - Something better. - You always think I'm scheming. Aren't you? Well, at least you always know what you get with me. Something else is going on with you too. I'm just considering something. Something bad or something good? Just something. Feel like celebrating an All-Star win? Can't. I have to do something that just won't wait. - Another girl in need of an ice bath? - Ahsha. Rain check. Hail the conquering hero. You gonna go raise a glass with your big baller? I don't have one. German broke up with me. I'm sorry. Maybe not that you and him aren't together, but you got no one to celebrate with. Why don't you let me take you out? I don't have the energy to fight you off all night. I told you I took it back. And in case you forgot, you're the coach's daughter, so big time hands off. No touchy-touchy. Believe what you want, but the last thing I'm trying to do is ruffle anyone's feathers these days. I appreciate the offer. And it'd be nice to at least pretend I pulled off something epic, but I'm just gonna head out. I'm feeling pretty tragic. Perfect for drinking alone. Night. Olivia's suspicious. Can't afford her digging. I have Olivia under control. She won't be a problem for much longer. What? Like Mia was a problem? That's my wife you're talking about. Are you implying that I had something to do with Mia's death? Because I could just as easily suspect you. Mia knew a lot of things that could have blown your big $2 billion development deal. Mia never would have been a problem in the first place if you had kept your hands to yourself. That night was a misunderstanding. When Mia came to me saying she'd been raped, she seemed pretty clear. Her death was ruled a suicide. It's all water under the bridge now. Let's be happy it all worked out so cleanly. You're glowing. Does this have anything to do with Jesse killing my subpoena? He is out of my hair forever. - Hit man? - Close. - What's wrong? - What's right? First I fool myself into believing that... - What? - No. I'm always sitting here complaining to you. It's exhausting, I'm exhausted. Are you exhausted? I've never seen you outside of this arena. What do you look like in the real world? Do you exist in the real world? Pete Davenport, are you asking me out on a date? Yes. Yes, I am. Still want to celebrate with me? - I saw them together. - When? - Tonight. - You broke up. How's that cheating? I didn't say it was cheating. I said it was gross. We just broke up and he's already with some other girl. It's not gross, it's disgusting. You know what? Tonight's about you, not him. Come on. We're getting out of here. - I want to show you something. - I know what you want to show me. Will you stop? I'm serious. I want to show you something beautiful. Shut up. I'm gonna need CPR 'cause I am gagging on irony. Lexi's a stripper! I'm an exotic dancer and it's Candy. Hey, could I get a picture? The pay is great and I never have to pop my top. That just tells me no one's asked. I want a lap dance. Kidding. I'm looking for the guy who gave me this. I recognise the serial killer handwriting, it's from Benny. - Benny's not here. - But he was. He just got out and he's already been back. Okay, two things, darling. One, I don't wait for things to happen, I make them happen. - So you tell Benny I'm coming for him. - What's the second thing? Oh, when you drop it low, Candy, you need to clean the floor with that ass. It's big enough. Mop, MOD- So, where should we go? I love it up here. I feel like I'm on top of the world. Okay. Dude, you haven't even tried a move on me yet. Not even a hand graze. Why not? You know why not. Besides, there's way more fun to be had. Watch this. Don't hear anything. It just keeps falling and falling. Let me try. That was fun. This night was fun. I think I kind of needed it. Thank you. My pleasure. I'm the coach's daughter. I won't tell him if you don't. You're like a little Madeline. What grown man lives in a hotel. I think you mean Eloise, and are you judging me? Now I am. I'm going through a transition period. - You're in a midlife crisis. - Hey, hey, hey. Well, you have a daughter you didn't know you had, a wife you wish you didn't and your home comes with a free continental breakfast. I'm not arguing with the crisis, it's the mid-life I take issue with. Fair enough. You're a young, studly disaster. From crisis to disaster. You better run. Are you kidding? I love disasters. Can't resist them. It really is the best continental breakfast in the city. I should go. But this was an amazing night. Well, maybe I'll get to see you outside the arena again. Yeah. That would be nice. Yes? I tried to make this work, but I couldn't. - What is "this"? - You and me. It was always going to be a struggle, from the very beginning. We're too much alike. Someone had to go. You don't have to go, Jelena. You just have to learn to stand down once in a while. Not be a bitch 50% of the time. Thanks for the tip, but I'm not leaving. You are. This isn't right. This says you own 10% of the Devil Girls. Oh, good, we can both read. When people see you now, Olivia, they see a dead Devil Girl and the organization can't have that. As part owner I have the obligation to do what's best for business. Unfortunately that means letting you go. - Letting me... - You're fired. You are deranged. News flash, I own 10% as well, so even if this wasn't drawn up at a joke shop, you couldn't fire me. News flash. With Oscar's 41%, majority stakes rules. - Oscar? - And it's sinking in. You had a good run, Olivia. Where's the fire? In Oscar's office in about 15 seconds. I am burning this whole damn place down. What's going on? Oscar gave Jelena the gun she needed to take me out with. Apparently I am bad for business. - These are legit. - Of course it is. I knew he was making me the face of Mia's death for a reason. He set me up for this, Chase. Who does Oscar think could possibly do my job? With Olivia Vincent stepping down due to recent events, the Devils Girls needed someone truly great who knew their values and ideals and would maintain the legacy of this fine group of women. Ladies and gentlemen, I am so happy to introduce to you our new director. Original Devil Girl, Sloane Hayes. Sloane is the proud mother of freshly-minted All-Star Ahsha Hayes. Ahsha's father, of course, is our very own Pete Davenport. We've experienced loss this week, but the Devils have come out of it even stronger. We've come out a family. I am overwhelmed to be a part of this organization again. It feels good to be home. - German. - I'll see you inside. - What are you doing here? - I'm sorry to show up at your job. - Why did you? - You came by our place. My place. You drove away. You saw something, all right? But you got it all wrong. There was a girl there, but it's nothing. She's just somebody that I work with, that's all. Look, I don't know why, all right, but it was just important to me for you to know that. Ahsha, I would never hook with somebody the day after we broke up. I'm not that kind of person. What did you come by to tell me? I came to... I just wanted to celebrate. I have to go get ready for the game. I have to go. Thanks for coming. 22 years of running away and you wind up here. I am struggling with what makes you qualified to do this job. It'll be on-the-job training. You may have been the better dancer, but you have no idea how dirty this business is. - Oscar's using you. - I came to him. Why would you want this job? After everything that's happened, after everything you've been through. Ahsha. You should be careful, Sloane. There are some things even you can't control. - You always look that good? - Yeah. No ankle bracelet, Benny. So you're out-out? I'm out-out. Thanks to the money you kicked in. Although it wasn't the full amount. But I managed to scrape together the rest. - I wanted to surprise you. - Nothing you do surprises me. You ain't seen nothing yet. Who was that? My husband. Ahsha. I'm sorry. This is what I was trying to tell you yesterday. What are you talking about? Olivia's leaving. And I agreed to take her job. I'm the new director of the Devil Girls. Ahsha, talk to me, I'm your mother. You're not my mother, you're my boss and I have a game. Welcome back. Terrence, what are you doing in here? I thought long and hard and I realised that I can't change the way I feel. Baby. Baby. - Terrence. - I always knew what you could do. I just never thought you could do it to me. No. No, no, no. Baby, I was scared and you were leaving - and you weren't telling me anything. - I don't want to hear it. Other players have girls they screw in every city. You were it for me. You were it. I loved you. We could have had everything. I wanted you to be the mother of my kids. But you couldn't trust it. And you destroyed it. And even while I'm telling you this, I'm the one with the wet eyes. Have a good life, Jelena. Ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Los Angeles. Coming up next, a performance from your very own Los Angeles Devil Girls. Thanks to our careful planning and smart investing... we're gonna be breaking ground in Hollywood a week from today, right after the All-Star Game. Cheers. Someone told me where you lived. - Sorry if I'm interrupting something. - What... What are you doing here? Are you ready for this job? No. I'm not ready, but I also can't sit by and watch another girl ground up by that organization, by that man. The league's been doing an enquiry on Oscar Kincade for a while, but we never had a way in. When you came to us... Well, we're grateful for your help. Mia told me things. Oscar may think whatever she knew died with her, but I'm gonna make sure it didn't. None of those girls are safe, including my daughter, as long he's inside. That man is a cancer... and I need to cut him out. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 