Hit the Floor: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hit the Floor 
 s1e7 - Moving Screens - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hit the Floor (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Moving Screens - full transcript 
 The Devil Girls perform at the premiere of a basketball film featuring cameos by Derek and Terrence. Ahsha's Devil Girl star is on the rise. Olivia is furious when Kyle engages in non-sanctioned Devil Girl behavior. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Hit the Floor. The backup generator's gonna take hours before it's up and running. You've got till 8:30 to get it going for a 9:00 game. I see you for who you really are. Admit it. Admit that you want me. Your head is so far up your... - Everything okay in there? - Yeah, everything's cool. Lipstick. Having you back is having an effect on me. - What's your endgame? - $757,432.86. - What does that buy? - Freedom. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Who's there? Mia. I need something and you are gonna get it for me. - What's that? - My uniform. I thought we were going to stop this? You said we were gonna stop this. I say a lot of things. - I have a meeting in an hour. - I got practice in an hour. Let's make this fast. I have to go on the road. - When do you get back? - Next week. Okay. Great. See you then. The producers of this movie could have asked any dance team to the opening of this premiere. It's quite an honour to ask us. Quite a no-brainer, considering Derek and Terrence have cameos in it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Not everyone is as smart as you are, Jelena. Tom Ford is at the house fitting Chase for his suit. Is Terrence getting fitted? Yes, but he's not into American designers. Too common. He's flying in his Italian designer to fit him on his jet. I remember the days when Chase and I had new money. Nothing was too pointless to throw it at. Speaking of, I haven't seen you and Terrence together much. It's gonna be nice to finally spend some quality time together. He flew me to our villa in the Bahamas last month. That was time enough. Do you and Chase still have your condo in Vegas? We use it as an office for Chase's international business clients. These days, players need to do more than just play basketball. Particularly when they don't play anymore. Starting businesses is Terrence's favourite thing to do. Almost. You know this basketball life. Holding down the front while he's away. That's the job of the wife. Or, you know, the girlfriend. So, what do we think people? Mauve. Such a great color in the '80s. Which one? I can't decide. Mini or floor length? Well, when I think of you, I just think less. How's my sexy gym teacher? Overworked, underpaid, but it was a good day. What's this perfume that you're wearing? Let's get a bigger place. We have two incomes now. We deserve something amazing. - Why, all of a sudden? - I don't know. Maybe because the shower sounds like an old woman moaning? Or maybe because we can figure-skate on the grease pool that is our parking spot? Or maybe I just want more space to seduce my boyfriend? Well, I will make some appointments to see some places for tomorrow. Places with lots of space for your carnival of seduction. How about we check out some places during the day, then have a nice dinner at night? Make a whole date out of it. I don't know what's gotten into you, but I like. - Can I get some now? - No. There is a soul train Afro under here and I have to get ready for practice. - Hey. - Hey. Actually, the team jet is waiting, I just... I came in to see, or ask you if you've seen, that. Thank you. You're a lifesaver. I would not know what to do without this thing. We kissed. - In a supply closet. - During a blackout. You're Ahsha's father. Ahsha and I are friends. I like being your friend too. I'd like to keep it that way. Me, too. And when I get back, I would love to buy a friend a drink. - You're on. - All right. So what? Are you just gonna let me stand here and die of thirst? If it was only that easy. What do you want, Jesse? The time of Miguel's Peewee soccer game this weekend. What? You heard me. My son has a game. I want to know what time it is. Since when do you go to Miguel's games? I admit I've been a little lax in the Daddy department. You're a little lax in a lot of departments. I'm turning over a new leaf. Miguel's my priority now. - Saturday at noon. - Thanks. See you there. Five, six, seven, eight. One, two, four, five, six. All right, flawless finish, let's see it. Ahsha, you missed your mark again. I want you here, not there. All right, you guys, let's do the final eight count. Make it hot, please. Thank you. Five, six, seven, eight. Ahsha, are you blind? Here, here, here. I'm doing my best. Wow, that was brave. Admitting that you can't do any better. Thank you for your honesty. All right, take five and thank this one for the 1O times you'll all have to do this again. If Jelena's riding you extra hard today, it's for a reason. - She's a raging bitch? - Besides that. The numbers came in for the calendar shoot. DVD, the calendar, they're huge. People are talking, but not about her, about you. They're asking, "Who's this new girl, Ahsha Hayes?" - Wow, really? - Yes. Really. You know, I was thinking... I was thinking of sending a DVD of the shoot to your mom. - Would she sign for that? - Meaning what? I mean, if it's coming from you. She'd be too angry to sign for it? Is that what you're trying to tell me? No, I wasn't trying to say anything. What happened between your mother and me is between your mother and me. I'm your boss. Does any of that confuse you? No. Maybe I should mind my own business. Maybe you should. - Do I still have my ass? - Jelena is on you. - I meant Olivia. - Well, don't worry. German will kiss it and make it all better. You know, your boyfriend isn't nearly the freak show I thought he'd be. He liked you, too. He told me about the $752,452 and something cents you're trying to raise. Good luck getting that with our salary, Boo-Boo. I have a few tricks in me. Shut up. Derek Roman? He didn't just miss one game. He didn't even get on the plane, okay? Caught some sudden bug. So sudden people are like, "Oh, hell no." Maybe he's really sick. Players can drunk drive through an orphanage, but you miss a game, that's bad. - Mia! - Raquel. - Where have you been? - Where haven't I been? I've had tons of opportunities. It's been amazing. Life's good. You don't look like life is good. I tried calling you and your phone has been disconnected and now you're creeping around here at this hour? What kind of trouble are you in? What? No. No, I just... I came by to see the gang, say hi. Does this have anything to do with that married man you were seeing? You were always leaving to meet up with him, later and later, more and more. Mia, we used to tell each other everything. Sorry for being dumb. Obviously no one's here. I'll just... I'll come back. You know, the dumbest thing I did was not taking advantage of the friend that I had in you. - I'll be done in a sec. - Take your time. You look glowy. Glowy? Or sweaty? There's something different about you. It's like your curls aren't as tight. It's yoga. It relaxes me. Or maybe, I just love seeing you happy doing what you love. What's with the face? Being a Devil Girl and being German's girl are getting tough. I thought you two were good? We were. We are. But then I... It's nothing. I have an amazing boyfriend who's taking me apartment hunting today. - I'm happy. - Apartment hunting? Ahsha, every relationship goes through transitions. The difference with you and German - is you've never been through one. - True. You're living in two different worlds, trying to balance your relationship. It's a test. It'll work out. - Trust each other. - Mom, your phone. Answer it. It can wait. I'm busy, being glowy with you. Yeah? You've been naughty. But now I'm giving you a spanking. Girl, I knew you could tie a knot in a cherry stem, but how did you tie a knot into that. - Wow, Akon. - Oh, my God, is that Akon? Oh, yeah. Yes, yes, yes! - Did that hurt? - Akon! Oh, damn! What'd he do to deserve that? Kyle, outside now! I warned you on day one, anything TMZ or TMZ-adjacent and you out this tape. It's all over TMZ, Media Take Out, Perez Hilton, should I keep going? I swear on a stack of Gideon bibles, Olivia, I don't know how it got out. Most people leak them, Kyle. It's called publicity. Is that what you think? That Akon leaked it to sell his new album? That's whack. You're fired. Pack your bags, clean out your locker, give Akon my best. It wasn't a bug Derek had, it was a breakdown. - Says who? - Me, to you, right now. Dude's a hot, funky mess. Okay, his mom, piece of work. He doesn't even know his dad. Okay. Has anybody gone to check on Derek? Everyone's away. You're here and you seem really interested. Hi. Has anybody seen Derek? The guy who lives here? The guy who owns this house? Derek Roman? Yeah, he's sick, Oscar. He's been puking up red, white and blue. Yeah, doc says he should be cleared for the next game. Yes, I can get you a doctor's note. Derek, what's going on? - You should go. - What? Just leave, like everybody else. Was the kiss that good? I'm not here because of the kiss. I'm here because I'm a human being. - Where'd everybody else go? - Home. Or on the set of a rap video where they belong. What's going on with you? You guys were locked away in that room like I don't know what. - Trade talk. - What? Are you leaving LA? Not me. Terrence, maybe. We were going over options for who could replace him. Russell Westbrook, Rondo, Tony Parker, or... This is huge. What would the Devils be without Terrence? I mean, you and Terrence. You guys are the team. He got tired of my crap. Said he wanted to try and go win a championship someplace else. And all new teammates. I mean, it wouldn't be the first time I screwed up and it won't be the last. Or you could look at this differently. It's all on you now. Sink or swim. And so what? No parties, hooch, elevators? Everybody knows Derek Roman can give a good time, but not everybody knows if he can get his act together and prove he's not just a screw up. - Hello? - We won. Congratulations. That's 12 in a row. You're a good luck charm. You don't need me for luck, Pete. You're a hard worker and you've got a great team. Yeah, well, I couldn't resist calling you from the road. It reminds me of the old days when I used to run around the arena looking for a pay phone to call you from. - A pay phone. Really? - Yeah. Well, go celebrate. - All right. Bye-bye. - Bye. Olivia, got a minute? Oh, God, I thought you'd be gone hours ago. I was looking through the annals of the Devil's bylaws of proper code and conduct and in ordinance 03568, it says that a Devil Girl, that would be me, released for a violation by the director, that would be you, is entitled to an appeal before a three-person panel. Nice try. The board is for important executive matters, Kyle, not leaked sex tapes that shame and defame the organization. Rules are rules and that's not what it says here. - Do you want to read it? - Fine. I'll go ahead, I'll try to get everyone's schedule together. But you know what, gosh, it could take a long time to do that. Thursday at 9:00 a.m. I knew you were busy so I called ahead. Excuse me, that's my locker. Can I help you with something? Oh, my gosh. - Raquel. - Jelena. Looks like there's a person in there. Is that what you're wearing to the premiere? Haven't decided yet. Oh, I get it. Got to check with your man first? - Terrence isn't coming. - Isn't he in the movie? Let's just say I could be happier with him right now. Speak of the devil. Now, that's how you say sorry. - Raquel Saldana? - That's me. Thank you. Who could these be from? "To new beginnings". I'm sorry I missed dinner and the appointments. It was just work. I was at Derek's house. He missed a game. He was in a bad place and there was no one to check up on him. I should have called you, but I was afraid of what you might say. I haven't been completely honest with you and I want us to trust each other. Or for you to trust me, so that's why I'm telling you. You didn't turn your back on someone who was in trouble. - It's okay. - You're okay? I'm okay. I'm gonna hit the gym. - It's really okay? - It's okay. Hi, beginner's classes are Mondays and Thursdays at eight. Oh, well, I'm not exactly a beginner. There's an advanced class starting right now. You could hang out in the back, when you're ready, shimmy into line. Oh, well, I don't have any dance clothes with me or anything so... You're in luck. I think I have your size. I thought we were making love. I didn't even know the camera was on. My grandchildren are going to see this. I hired a lawyer and had it all taken down. But the damage is done. Oh, I'm ruined. All I ask is that you don't punish the victim. We do feel for you, Miss Hart, but we have the reputation of the organization to think about. I understand. Reputation is everything. I mean, I couldn't even imagine how humiliating it would be, if, say, people found out that Victor was arrested once for forging prescriptions. Or that Susan here slept with Don in accounting when his wife was in the hospital having gallbladder surgery. And, Frank, that you settled out of court when they seized your laptop for all of those... However, I say there is no reason not to show some compassion this one time. And let this fine young lady back on the team. What are you doing here? - I wanted to see if you got my flowers. - Those were from you? - I can't do anything nice? - No. To new beginnings. It's not just about Miguel. I want to make things right between us. - Are you dying? - Would that sweeten the deal? At least I've have some use for the flowers now. Did you think the flowers were from Pete? There we go. You think there's something going on between me and Pete. Well, your lawyer is his wife's lawyer and he does come in here quite a bit. You're doing what you always do. You don't want me, but you don't want anyone else to have me. You want to control me. I can't have you screwing the coach. It's not good for business. This is none of your business. If you have another man around my kid, then... Then he might see what a real one looks like. I won't forget you said that. Wow, Akon. Oh, yeah. This tape's been taken down. And yet, there it is. Make me an offer. I can't post it without being sued by the Devils. I'll take it off your hands for ten grand for my own personal collection. Nice try. I know you have underground pay sites all over the world. You move tapes faster than legal can track them. I'm a researcher. - Okay, 15 grand, three instalments. - Honey, I'm on a time crunch. I've got a dance to get to, so let's speed this thing up. 8O Gs, 10% of the gross and make the full cheque out to cash. Unless you don't think that I can get a better offer somewhere else. Well, you know, you're almost as good in business as you are in bed. Almost. Wow, Akon. No, Chase, it's fine. They're sending me and Pete to the premiere in a limo so... Okay, bye. Have you talked to Sloane? She's completely shut me out. I was just wondering if you've been forgiven. No, I haven't talked to her. She's so stubborn. Always has been. I mean, she refused to hear my side. Well, what other side is there? You got with her boyfriend for some shine. - It's pretty cut and dry. - I what? We're both adults now, Olivia. You can admit it. I was wasted and you got with me long enough to get a little bit famous. As soon as you got what you needed, you traded up to Chase. Don't you dare act like I had to drag you into bed. If anyone knew what you were doing, Pete, it was you. You, you were cheating on Sloane with me while you were cheating on me with anything that moved. And I got with Chase not because he was the better deal. I got with him because he was the better man. You're right. I was not at my best back then. I'm trying to be better. Well, we're here. - Everything okay? - Yeah. I'll see you later. - You're not coming to the premiere? - I've got something else to do. Okay. Fine, Pete. Babe, you look like you'd rather be getting a root canal. The spotlight is your thing, not mine. Stop worrying about me, all right? Go ahead and have a good time. Ladies and gentlemen, we are excited to kick off our premiere with LA 's own Devil Girls! - Did I miss anything? - Get in line before I find a way to fire you again. If anyone asks, cover for me. - You're not staying? - The Devil's work is never done. You still crossed over too early. You ruined the rotation. - You know what, Jelena? Enough! - Come again. Instead of riding me, why don't you focus on Terrence? Your boyfriend, while he's still around. - What's that supposed to mean? - He wants to be traded. Go change now. I thought she knew about Terrence wanting to be traded. Why wouldn't she know? I'm dead. Dead. Jelena's 100 pounds soaking wet. You're not afraid of that. I guess that's what she deserves after what she did to me. - Karma's a bitch, right? - Exactly. Ahsha. Over here. - I'll be right back, I promise. - Okay. Terrence Edward Wall, Jr, this is the third message I've left for you. You're lucky you didn't come to this premiere because I would be raining Holy Hell on you right now. If I could reach down your throat and rip out your heart and shove it back down your throat for you to choke on, I would. Don't bother calling me back because the next time we talk, it'll be in person. So get your black ass on a plane now. Looks like your boyfriend could use an energy drink. Don't go there. Look, thank you for what you did. I know it takes a lot for me to listen, but I heard you. I only did it because no one else would. It's not all there, but I'm working on it. Not even close. And time's running out. You stole my badge. Security came to me. - I could have lost my job! - I'm sorry. I needed it. Sorry isn't good enough, Mia. Look, I don't know what this is all about, but you put me in a crappy spot. I have a child. - You don't understand. - Help me understand. I'm looking for something. Important. Jelena said that one of the girls might have it. I got to all of them, almost. Who's Ahsha? When I was in the locker room I noticed that she was assigned my old locker. Mia, I really have to go. Derek, killer cameo, I hear. Ls that why you missed the game the other night? For your burgeoning acting career? Look, come on, Angela, acting is just for fun. Basketball is my life. And I missed the game the other night because of the flu. I was down, but I'm feeling better and I'm feeling like it's a new day. A new day? Did you have the flu or a spiritual awakening? Both. Both, I guess. Look, having people to push you in the right direction makes all the difference and.. I feel like I have that person. I have that person and she's terrific, a dream girl. Sounds like there might be love and a championship in the Devils' future. Thanks for the interview, Angela. Have a good night. - Thanks, Derek. - No problem. Nice interview. German! Next time on Hit the Floor. - I should've told you about the trade. - You made me look like a fool. Jelena's got her war paint on. - I'm pulling you off choreography. - You can't pull me. On, I just did. You've been served. Think twice about screwing the mother of my child. The dream was sitting in one of the boxes tonight. He would like to pick a girl to be in his video. How would you like some extracurricular work? What other kind of work is there? I was just looking for Ahsha. Who are you and what do you want with my daughter? - Stay away from me. - I want to bash my head up against a wall until you go away, but you're not. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 