Hit the Floor: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hit the Floor 
 s1e4 - Rebound - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hit the Floor (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Rebound - full transcript 
 Ahsha and German share cramped quarters after Ahsha moves into German's studio. Pete and Sloane talk for the first time about the past. Olivia investigates a former Devil Girl's disappearance. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Pete Davenport. Your father. - I think that went great, don't you? - Minus Ahsha. What happened to her? Looks like she couldn't take the pressure. - You lied to me. - We can work through this together. You could have told me that I had a child. And then what? Chased you from city to city, bed to bed, trying to make you be a father? - Sloane. - Olivia. My gosh, I haven't seen you in years. Mia, the point of you getting gone was staying gone. Call me again and I stop being so nice. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I just got an email from Mia with a telephone number. - Mia? - Yeah, remember that dancer? The one who took off right before the tryouts? She's reaching out. We need to find out - where she is. - Already done. - Were any of the players there? - They were around. Raquel and Ahsha? - No. - Raquel's your friend. I'm learning to look out for myself. You were my idol. You're not anymore. I'm moving out. It would be easier if you'd just unpack. And probably quieter too. I'm competing for worst house-guest ever. Did I Win? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Well, I'd have something to complain about if you didn't wear those tiny shorts to bed. I should be waking you up with breakfast in bed for taking me in. Ahsha, seriously? Babe, come on, it's no worries, all right? You'd do the same for me. Yeah. Oh, really? Kidding. Still, I'm asking some of the girls if anyone's looking to take in a stray, so I don't have to cramp your style. Babe, I'm a gym teacher. Okay? I tuck my polo in my khakis every day. My style has left the building. You're worried about today. Babe, come on, you're shooting the calendar. You should be stoked. Lots of hot, sexy bikini nakedness? Exactly. Sexy's not my thing on my best day. And with everything going on with my mother, it's just not. Wait, wait. Back up. Sexy's not your what? I'm not putting myself down. I'm just saying I'm Jennifer Aniston. I'm not Angelina Jolie. I'm Care Bear. I haven't shined yet at work. It's not even that I haven't shined. I almost got booted. It's like today was designed to get me kicked off once and for all. Babe. Listen to me. You are the sexiest woman I've ever met. Oh, woman. Oh, come on now. Give me a little booty tooch. God, I wish I could be there today. Wish me luck. You don't need luck. - Hello? - Mia? Mia's not here. She was crashing here but she left. Left. Left where? I have no idea. She took off in a hurry. Did she leave a phone number or something? Okay. Hi, you've reached Sloane and Ahsha, please leave a message. Sloane. Hey, it's Olivia again. Look, L... I... I was really hoping I could talk to you and... I don't know, I guess I could just keep calling but... Can you please call me back? Thanks. Is Harrison here? I need to add to the catering order for the shoot today. Harrison's not overseeing the catering. I am. - You're coming to the calendar shoot? - Yeah, why? I don't know, I just... I think that'd be a little too much. I'm not as traumatized here as you may think. I may not be a Devil Girl any more, but this is a good job. In fact, I think I'll enjoy sitting in the shade for a change while y'all are melting in the hot sun. - This is what we're wearing? - It's a string bikini. All I see is string. - What is that? - It's my portable tan machine. Not all of us are blessed with the mocha. These calendar pictures are gonna be around forever. I need to work these mofos. I'm gonna make love to that camera so hard, it's gonna need a cigarette and a pregnancy test after. Tell me about it. I'm gonna take that camera for a ride of its life, that's it just hickeys everywhere. I just need to make it through today without falling on my face. - Literally or figuratively? - I'd settle for either. Don't you worry, you can stand behind me. Film crew's prepping. Girls are fitted and have been run through the steps. Good. Good. The behind-the-scenes DVD of the dance number is where we make the real money, so that routine needs to be on point, even if you have to rehearse it all afternoon. You can do your photo shoot for February after. About February, I have another idea. Let me guess, you want the year. Actually, I want Ahsha to do it. February's your month. It's the sexiest month. The one every guy turns to first. And some women. But obviously, you see something in Ahsha that I don't. She continues to screw up, yet you remain ceaselessly dedicated to keeping her on the team. So I'm giving her this chance. Call it a show of faith. Unless you don't think she can do it. Sure. Ahsha will be February. Listen, I have an errand I need to run this morning so I'm gonna have to have you oversee things on set while I'm gone. An errand? What could possibly be more important than being there for one of the biggest days of the year? Call it a show of faith, unless you don't think you can do it. Take your time getting to set. All right, ladies. The bus is downstairs. We've got 11 hours of daylight. There is no room for mistakes today. Let's go. Good news. You're getting your own month on the calendar this year. My Own? I'm a rookie. I'm only supposed to be in the group shots. Change of plans. You're February. February is your month. I'm offering you an olive branch, Ahsha. Are you gonna take it or not? I am. - Knock 'em dead. - I will. I didn't know you were pregnant. So if I wasn't pregnant, then it would've been okay to sleep with the man I was in love with? Can we, can we just go somewhere and talk? - I'm not having this conversation. - I came to apologise. You came here to clear your conscience. I feel... I feel horrible. You made your bed the minute you jumped into Pete's. I never would have... I'm sorry, can we please just talk about talk about this? Olivia, the person I need to have a conversation with is my daughter. She has moved out of my house. She hasn't returned a single call. I have no idea what's going on in her life. She's the one I want to talk to, not you. We used to be friends. We used to be best friends. And then you changed. You became some other person. And if you're still anything like that girl... God help the girls you're in charge of today. Jelena, hey, it's me. I'm gonna be longer than I thought. That's it. Keep moving. Keep moving. You are the hottest thing. You're literally everywhere. Wow, not even a hello? Figured you'd be a little bit nicer to your host. - What are you talking about? - This is my home, which I've offered up out of the goodness of my heart. You're lying. Derek, I didn't bring enough platters from the Playground. - Do you have any more in your kitchen? - How would I know? I never go in there. Ask Jeeves. Are you kidding me? Okay, it's not really his name, but he lets me call him that. It costs a little bit extra, but it's totally worth it. I should have known it was your house. Everything's so over-the-top. You should see my place in Malibu. That's over-the-top. Let me know if you need anything. I'll be around. So the Playground is catering this? Thank God. I could use a friendly face. Okay. What's going on? - I got my own month. - That's great! It's February. She's setting me up to fail. You're learning. Ahsha, just because someone sets you up to fail doesn't mean you have to. Okay, my love, let's bring it, let's see it, come on. No, just get into it. Just relax for me please. Sweetheart, you've got to come out from behind the heart, yeah? Sorry, I've never really done this before. Look, just pretend the camera's your boyfriend. It loves you. Can I take a minute? I could use a minute. We are on a break, people. This is a disaster, you have to help me. - Help you what? - Do that thing you do. You can't teach someone to be triple jointed in a day. I just need you to teach me how to be sexy. Well, what's in it for me? And don't say a friendship bracelet. I could teach you first through fifth position. Ballet's for virgins. Can you teach me how to do one of those switch kicks? Done. Let's go. I know you have something to say. Say it. I'm good. The last time I said something, I lost my job. Actually, I need you to do something for me. If we ever had half a friendship, I need you to tell me the truth. Did you have anything to do with me losing my spot on the team? I have no idea what you're talking about. Then I was right. We have nothing to talk about. Sloane? What are you doing here? I was looking for Ahsha. Well, the girls, they're not here today. They're off shooting their calendar, I think. Oh, I see. I didn't know. Thanks. Sloane, we're gonna have to talk about this at some point. - What is this? - I want to talk about Ahsha. I'm all talked out. I've already had Olivia coming by. What did she say? I realise this is new information for the two of you, but I dealt with this 20 years ago. I didn't have that luxury. Pete, if you want to talk about Ahsha, we can do that later. But if you want to dig up the bones from that night, it's not gonna happen. So that's it? You're just gonna walk away? You've avoided me for 22 years, Sloane. You're not gonna avoid me forever. Phase one, face. Lips apart, puckered, no teeth. Pretend like you just ate something sweet and you don't care if it's dripping down your face. You look like your dentures are coming loose. More seductive. Okay, we're moving on to phase two. You have to sell the fantasy. When the guys came to the club, they didn't want to hear that I had to pick up paper towels, that I'm allergic to three different kinds of berries. They wanted to hear and see all the things their wives stopped doing years ago, if they even knew how in the first place. What kind of berries? Phase three. We are wearing these tiny bikinis for a reason. We're selling the possibility that at any moment, with a slight breeze, someone might be able to see just a hint of something naughty. We want that too, Ahsha. Don't we? Don't we want that, Ahsha? I don't know if I'm freaked out or turned on. Use that. This isn't working. You're telling me, girl. I'm exhausted. I need a power bar and a Red Bull. There is some trick in your bathroom and I can't get her out. I need to get ready for my photo shoot and that's the best vanity in the house. All the other dancers are getting ready outside. I don't primp on lawns. Are you going to get her out? Or should I? Because I can guarantee you'll have a gentler touch. That's my sister. I'll go get her. Twins. How cliché. - Where did they even come from? - I think they came with the house. Hey, what is that? The photographer tried to stick this on me in my picture. Talk about cliché. Burn it for me, would you? Why would you wear a Santa hat for February? I'm not doing February this year. I gave that to Ahsha. - Wow, what a beautiful gesture. - Thanks. Oh, by the way, she's bombing big time so you should get some popcorn and get out there because it is entertaining as hell. Hey, Baby, have you seen Gina or Karina? - More entertaining than triplets? - You're a mess. Ho, ho, ho. - I thought I said you just... - No, you're not talking right now. I'm talking, you're listening. All right, I get it. I screwed up. You were the one good thing in my life and I wrecked the hell out of it. But do you have any idea what my life has been like since then? Injuries. Parasites pretending to be my friend just so they could rob me, some of them in my own family. Lost sponsorship. A sham marriage to somebody who literally only has use for me when I'm a star. More injuries. I mean, every part of me that can be broken has been broken. You think, really, you're the only one who has problems? You're the only one whose feelings and emotions matter? You done? You want a drink? All right, ladies. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, pivot now. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, and eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Two, four... Okay, ladies, one more time. From the top. Five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four... How'd it go? In the crapper. I went back after break and they pushed me to later. They don't want to deal with me. I don't want to deal with me. After today, Olivia's not going to want to deal with me. I'm screwed. Come on, being a sex bomb is in your blood. I've seen pictures of your mom back in the day. - That lady knew how to work it. - Yeah. I don't suppose you want a live-in nanny? I thought you lived with your mother. We had a falling out. I grabbed my stuff and I haven't spoken to her since. When my son crosses his arms and won't talk to me for five minutes, it breaks my heart. Great. Now I have to be sexy while I'm stabbing my mom in the heart. No, no, I'm sorry. That's not what I was trying to say. I'll figure it out. I'm gonna go take a walk. I need to clear my head. Hello? Mia? Hello? The Chateau. Wilshire Paragon? The Evetine? Hotel keys. Really? Looks like you found my bedroom. Oh, I saw all the trophies and wandered in. - I'm not... I wasn't gonna... - Do you mind? So what do you think of the house with all your wandering? It's nice, yeah. Expensive. If you're into that sort of thing. What do you really think? It's a museum of insanity. The Church of Derek Roman. The girls usually like this place. I've seen those girls. All this wall space and it's just you. No pictures of family, friends, girlfriend. I mean girlfriends. Not even Mama? I mean, all players love their Mamas. Isn't that, like, you guys' thing? Yeah, Mary Roman isn't the sentimental type. None of my family and friends are. Nothing says I love you like a check. So do you see anything in the case you like? Sure. You should be very proud. Oh, I am. I am. You can turn around now. Well, you're hiding. What are you scared of out there? Just... I'm supposed to be doing this super-smoking solo shot and it's not happening. - Well, you're in your own head. - It's more complicated than that. It's really not and I'd listen to me because I play in front of millions of people. - You don't have to do it in a thong. - But I could. You want to know why? Because on the court is where my head is clear. No second-guessing, no BS in my brain driving me crazy. I'm on instinct. When is your head clear? When are you all instinct? Dancing. When I dance, I just go. So go. - They need water poolside. - Okay. Oh, and you have to have dinner here and ready in 30. Anything else? Great. Are you sure I should be taking these pictures? They're not on the shot list. Oh, yeah, yeah. Olivia knows all about it. She said to make sure you send the proofs to my personal email account. All right. - I don't want get in any trouble. - Too late. So come over. I've got champagne in my apartment, okay? Beach-side view. You'll have a great time. Are you ready for round two? I'd like to try something different, if that's okay. Yeah, it's okay. This won't take long. Hey, how's it going? Well, the girls are set. The routine is clean. We have all the months shot. Wait, sorry, February was a bust. Ahsha didn't get a picture? I know. I'm as shocked as you are. I can jump in and knock it out if you want. It's your call, though. Looking hot there, girl. Yes, fantastic. - I love it. - Work it. Good work. Yes, yes, yes, yes. That is perfect. There we go. Yes! So I moved back in with my mom and started taking classes part time. Nights and weekends, you know? Then I got a job at the bank, worked my butt off learning about permits and licenses and loans. Now I help people start their own businesses. It's not flashy, but it put a roof over our heads. I didn't do it in hot pants, but I did it. I'm impressed. How do you want me to handle Ahsha? - We're both gonna be at the arena. - I know. It's not like we can avoid each other. Yeah. You're just gonna have to start from scratch. Just like me. I should get back to work. Yeah, I should go too. This was nice. The girls are in place for the routine. We're ready to roll. Change of plans. This is what we're doing. - What? - The dance. We're moving it. You can't. We're already set up. Hope you girls aren't afraid of a little water. Well done, right on. You guys looked otherworldly. Sometimes, sharing the spotlight isn't such a bad idea. Ahsha made you look good. I don't need Ahsha for that. Jelena, you keep taking out everyone around you, and all that will be left is you and, trust me, that's lonely. Thanks for the advice, Dr Phil. I went to Mia's apartment. Why would you go there? I think the better question is why didn't I go there sooner? What was she into? What do you think she was into? She wasn't the maid. Was she an escort? How long was this going on? Trust me. There was nothing you or anyone else could've done to help Mia. Oh, wait. What? No thank you? Thanks, Coach. You killed it out there today. Why don't you stick around? We can celebrate. I'm going to celebrate tonight at home with my boyfriend. Thanks again. Raquel. I may, at some point, have suggested that... you maybe not return as a Devil Girl. Thank you for being honest with me. Look, I know we talked about moving in together and maybe this is happening a lot sooner than we thought, but I love you. And I want you here for good. Besides, that thing is bolted in my wall, so you can't leave. I would love to stay. Guess who learned how to be sexy today? Girl. Devil's operations. - Hi, it's Jelena Howard. - Yes, Miss Howard. Can I get the emergency contact for Ahsha Hayes? Certainly. I have a Sloane Hayes, mother, and German Vega, boyfriend. The numbers are... Thank you. That's all I needed. Next time on Hit the Floor. Tomorrow you'll be performing on the Santa Monica Pier and this Sunday is the formal charity party and silent auction. Thomas Jefferson got picked as one of the schools that's getting cash for the Devils Charity Weekend. I don't remember hearing anything about your school. - I'm Jelena Howard. - I know who you are. That is Mia's. If she didn't want her uniform, maybe somebody else will. Are we ready to have some fun tonight? It's the amazingly talented Akon! Don't you want to give to charity and dance with your girl? - It's just a dance. - You want to dance? Until you're ready to give me the facts, we don't have anything to talk about. Woman to woman, ask your first question. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 