Hit the Floor: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hit the Floor 
 s1e5 - Keep Away - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hit the Floor (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Keep Away - full transcript 
 The Devil Girls perform on the Santa Monica Pier and attend an extravagant charity event in support of the Devils' Foundation. Ahsha demands answers about Sloane's past. Terrence keeps a secret from Jelena, one Jelena is hellbent to uncover. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Hit the Floor... I went to Mia's apartment. What was she into? There was nothing you or anyone else could have done to help Mia. I find that uniform's turning out to be a bigger pain in the ass than I thought. - Can we please just talk about this? - Olivia. The person I need to have a conversation with is my daughter. She has moved out of my house. I grabbed my stuff and I haven't spoken to her since. You want to dig up the bones from that night? - It's not gonna happen. - I'm talking. You're listening. I'm supposed to be doing this super-smoking 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 solo shot and it's not happening. - When are you all instinct? - Dancing. When I dance, I just go. So go. Guess who learned how to be sexy today. I love you, and I want you here for good. This was nice. Can I get the emergency contact for Ahsha Hayes? I have a German Vega, boyfriend. That's all I needed. The Devils catch fire to win 109 to 105! Thank you, Los Angeles. Good night! Ladies. Ladies. I couldn't be more pleased with how you guys looked out there tonight. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Now, I know this week has been a haul, but I need you find another gear because it's Devil's Charity weekend. Tomorrow, you'll be performing on the Santa Monica Pier. And this Sunday is the formal charity party and silent auction. This year, the money is going to go to the athletic departments of needy little SoCal high schools. So how much the organization brings in is a direct reflection on us. Exactly, so we're gonna need you to get out there and charm the donations out of people. I can charm the pants off people. The pockets are easier to pick that way. Let me remind you, the Devil's Charity supports local high schools. So we're doing this for the children, Kyle. Ahsha. Hey, that was real nice dancing out there tonight. Thanks. Nice win. Coach. Hey, looks like we're both leaving. You maybe want to grab a bite to eat? Actually, I have plans tonight with my boyfriend. He's a high school basketball coach. They had a game tonight too. - Really? Well, where does he coach? - Thomas Jefferson. Well, let me know if he ever wants to discuss defense, 'cause the only D that these pros are interested in is dunking. I'm free tomorrow if you want to talk or something. Yeah, we have team meetings tomorrow night. Okay. See you later, then. Oh, before I forget, I need you to release Oscar's VIP auction seats. He's not coming? No, he's come to one charity event in 13 years and it was by accident. He was so pissed when he saw all those sick kids. What about that? Should we include it? That is Mia's. We've gotten so many emails about her. People miss her. I thought for sure she'd be the next Jelena. Everyone did. You know, it was her decision to take off, so if she didn't want her uniform, maybe somebody else will. Go ahead and preview these online and start setting up the display tables, okay? (Honey, he)'- I'm actually here to just get more of my stuff. Okay. Well, I just saw you on TV. They had a close-up of you doing the pancake chug with body roll. You looked great. Hey, I was thinking... maybe we could finally talk. Fine. Talk. You know I love you. - And every decision that I've made... - No. Not that. Tell me why you ran. Tell my why you didn't tell me who my father was my entire life. Ahsha, I need to know that we're okay before I get to that. I need you to get to that before I know we're okay. - Ahsha... - You're not ready to talk. You're working with Olivia on the charity weekend, right? We wanted to add a school to the list. It shouldn't be a problem. I'll just have to clear it with the boss. You know what? It's already done. We thought it would be nice to slip them in. What's the name of the school? It's a high school in Lennox. Thomas Jefferson. Got it. Ahsh, you are never gonna believe what happened tonight. Coach Vega won his game against highly favoured Crenshaw by six points? - Oh, babe, you checked my score. - I'm so proud of you. Wish I could have been there for the big upset. And I wish I could have been at the arena to see my girl rock the floor. I hate that we missed each other's events. We'll get a chance to make up for it. We actually get an our event. What are you talking about? Well, Thomas Jefferson got picked as one of the schools getting cash for the Devil's Charity weekend. - Are you serious? - Yeah. I don't remember hearing anything about your school. Wait, so you're coming to the formal auction party? Well, the money goes to the PE Department and so do two tickets, so I get to go twice. I get to show you off at work. Oh, babe, I don't think I can afford a tux. So? We're not attending the Academy Awards yet. Really? You're okay with me going in my picture day suit? I prefer your birthday suit. Okay. - Oh, babe, you need a shower. - Yeah, you're right. I'm covered in four quarters of high school boy funk. Yes. Yes. - Yeah! - All right. I'm done. Hey, after I intro you guys, I got to bounce. You're leaving before the dance? Why? I just got some things to do. I'll see you for dinner. - Thing to do like what? - Stop asking questions, woman. - Stop being cagey. - Good afternoon, Devil's Nation! No, no, no, I am here to clap for you, this year's Devils Foundation Student All-Stars! Now let's get this party started with our very own world famous, Los Angeles Devil Girls! Oh, that looks more complicated than the Princeton offence. You have no idea. VIP seating hierarchy is the new bane of my existence. Well, here. May I? See, these two should be seated as far away as possible from one another. He doesn't care where he sits and she likes to be near the bar. All right. This actually works. It's all about timing and player spacing. You just keep helping me. That shark lawyer you referred me to, she sent Jesse an even bigger, scarier letter than the one he gave me. Yeah, I remember those 20 pages of terror well. I'm sorry you were on the receiving end, but I just can't thank you enough. Jesse is the one running scared now. Happy to help. Maybe there's something you can help me with. Of course. What's up? There's this person, who I just don't seem to be able to talk to. Is it a girl? Yes. Yes. And I've been trying to connect with her, but I just keep hitting a wall. Have you spent any time with her? Not much, no. You're a great guy, Pete. Any girl would want to get to know you. Just relax and be yourself. When it feels right, make your move. So you're saying it's all about timing and player spacing? Exactly. You should think about a career in coaching. Thank you. And this is for a friend. Look at that. She's already turning into a fan favourite. You must be the German. I'm Jelena Howard, captain of the Devil Girls. I know who you are. It's a tough gig. She really is lucky to have you. Look, what you did to Ahsha was foul. She may have to have some working relationship with you, but I don't. So find someone else to mess with. I'm not all bad. I'm pretty good with introductions. Derek, come meet somebody. Derek, this is German. What's up, man? What's going on with you, bro? It's great to meet you, man. German is Ahsha's boyfriend. Obviously, you're a DG fan. What do you think about the Devils? It's been my team since I was four. I mean, everyone knows we got the best guard in the league. Nobody cleans up the glass better than the Roman Emperor, for real. - Nice. - Roman. They're ready for you. Duty calls. Derek is an excellent coach, too. He coaches ball? How's he find time to do all that? Actually, I was talking about him coaching Ahsha at the calendar shoot. He helped her nail it. Did you see the crowd? People were asking for my autograph. You didn't tell me that Derek was at your calendar shoot. - Yeah, it was at his house. - It was at his house? It wasn't a big deal. You were at Derek Roman's house in a string bikini and that's not a big deal? - I was working. - Does he like you? Derek likes everyone. You know what I mean, Ahsha. German, it doesn't matter. He doesn't matter because I'm with you. I love you. I'm sorry, babe. I'm tripping. - Don't trip, Chicken Strip. - Really? - Hey. - Hi. Is Terrence here? Karen said she saw him walk in. He was here about an hour ago. Everything okay? Today is our anniversary. We were supposed to meet for dinner. Terrence was here all afternoon, taking meetings with Oscar and a bunch of other heavy hitters. Thanks. Okay. We have to stop meeting like this. I Googled you. Well, I Googled you too. You played with Michael Jordan, very cool. And you went to my Alma Mater. We're both Gauchos. There was this big mural of you in the event centre where I used to cheer. - What did you major in? - Double major. Business administration and dance. You? - Basketball. - So did German. I remember watching that championship game where you massacred San Antonio. That... Wait, please tell me you weren't a San Antonio fan. - Of course not. - Good. That actually was the game where I really blew out my knee. I mean, I've never been the same since. It was also where you kind of looked like a werewolf. Those sideburns, seriously? What was up with all that hair? Grunge. Grunge was very big back then. Would you like to have dinner with me on Tuesday or...? - Sure. - Great. How about... the Counter over on Fifth? Like eight o'clock or something. - It's right down the street. - See you there. Okay. You've been on the phone all morning. You were nowhere to be found yesterday. What's going on? Just a ton of meetings. So I've heard. You ditched our anniversary dinner to meet with Oscar. - Are you injured? - What? No. It's business. It's investments, shoe-line endorsement stuff. It all exploded at the same time. I'm sorry about last night. I will make it up to you. Fine. Are you coming to the charity auction tonight? Hell, yeah. You're so cute when you're worried about me. I'm not worried. I'm annoyed. Now that you mention it, it's kind of the same look. Are you sure you're not injured? How can I prove it to you? All right, then. - Good evening, everyone. - Good evening! On behalf of everyone in the Devil's organization, welcome to our annual charity night. All of your donations go to several Southland high schools in need of an assist, so please text a cash donation, or bid on one of the fantastic items at the silent auction. Now, please help me welcome your MC for the evening. He was the voice of LA basketball for 50 years. Devils legend, Mel O'Grane! Are you ready to shake and bake, LA? Whoa! Someone already bid 40 grand on two tickets for the All-Star game? That's more than I make in a year. Babe, you sure I look okay? No one looks better than you in a suit and I love this tie you splurged on. I'm gonna go get us something to drink. I'll be right back. What are you doing here? German invited me. He had an extra ticket, so... Ahsha, we can't keep going on like this. You can end this at any time by answering my questions. This isn't the time or place for that conversation. You always want to play by your rules. Well, this time, I think you need to play by mine. You did a bad thing, and you're trying to gloss it over with I love yous? Until you're ready to give me the facts, we don't have anything to talk about. I haven't seen you donate anything yet. Desiree. Mr Cuban here would like to donate $50,000 to a very worthy cause. And Coach Davenport would love to match that donation. That hurts me a lot more than it hurts you. Yes, it does. Shiranu ga hotoke. What happened? Did he have a stroke? I think that's Japanese. He mentioned something about World War ll earlier. And then bang! Bang! Oh, good God. I warned Oscar this would happen. Mel's only good for 15 minutes. He's like 100 years old. - This is getting real ugly, real fast. - You wake up in some military hospital. I need someone to get up on that stage, drag him down by his diapers, and light a fire under this crowd. You know, I'm pretty good at lighting fires. I know what kind of fires you like to light, Kyle. I'm not looking to burn this place to the ground. Olivia, it's like you think I don't know etiquette. I graduated first in my class in Miss Darby's school of charm. I even skipped a year. Well, Mr Darby had a little crush on me and... Actually, this story takes a weird detour. In my day, women were wives, period! - No. - Even the butch ones! - But hey, if that's working for you... - Get in there. - Put on a pair of heels and heel. - Go. In order to get them all revved up, I need to be revved up. Oh, okay. What's it going to take to get you revved up, Kyle? - Your H team. - My what? Your Hollywood team. All the people that keep you looking so good. You give me your H team, I'll save the shindig. I want your plastic surgeon, your colourist... - I don't have a plastic surgeon. - Excuse me, Native Americans... Okay, fine, I'll give you my colourist, my eyebrow lady, six sessions with my personal trainer and my dermatologist. - Deal. - Great. Now, go get Father Christmas off the stage and bring in some real dough. Hey, Kyle, keep this PG. Hey, wait, remember the children. Gaming casinos. Indian's revenge. Don't get me started. Just do not get... - Hi. - Hi. Ladies and gentlemen, are we ready to have some fun tonight? What do you think you're doing? Philanthropy. Don't you want to give to charity and dance with your girl? - You know she has a boyfriend. - Yeah, he's a nice guy. Gym teacher. Not exactly competition for you. Or is he? I can take your name off if you want. Maybe you're not feeling philanthropic. Leave it. It's just a dance. Sloane? Hey. What are you doing up here with the sad face, hiding in the corner? Well, you're glowing enough for the both of us. - What, did you win the lottery? - Sort of. And I made some headway with Ahsha. Talked to her for five minutes in the hallway - and she agreed to have dinner with me. - Well, that's progress. I guess she looked me up on the internet and saw my bad hair days. Chia Pet Pete. I was kind of going more for Eddie Vedder. And you wound up with Eddie Munster. You want to dance? No. I'm not up... I'm not up for it. Well, you know, that was never my thing. But you... I remember you used to dance like a tornado that never touched down. I used to literally have to drag you off the floor. That was a long time ago. I just... I'm not up for dancing tonight. I think I'm going to go home. Well, lookie here. We just got a $25,000 text donation from Jason B. JB, honey, introduce yourself so I can thank you properly. Oh, he is cute! Okay, you know what? Jason is too good a catch and silent auctions are too quiet. Uh-huh! Ladies, who wants to go on a date with Jason? Start the bidding at $200. I have 200. Who will give me 300, 300, 300. Good, 400, 400, 400. I got 500 from the gentleman in the corner. Ladies, you got a competition. $600, now, good, good, good. Can I get 700, 700, 700? 800, 800, 800, 900, 900, 900. $900! Going once, going twice! And sold to the desperate single lady at table 8. Now, here's something I know everyone, including myself, wants to take home. It's the amazingly talented and gorgeous Akon! Let's not beat around the bush. I know you own a diamond mine in South Africa. How many carats you got on you? Don't make me say all 12 of your birth names. You are a Devil girl. Give it up. Come on. - You don't take no often, do you? - Yes, is so much more fun. - Well, have fun. - I will. Start the bidding at 20,000. I've got 20. Who'll give me 25, 25? Yes! Keep it going! This is for the starving children who need their cleft palates fixed. Wasn't this auction for high school PE departments? I don't think anybody cares. Sloane. Hey, I didn't know you were coming. Are you leaving already? Oh, I have to get up early for work, so... Olivia, thank you for the photo you slid under my door. Sure. I thought you might want to see what Ahsha was up to. She's like you, all over again. Oh, God, I hope not. Sloane, everyone makes mistakes. Even you. She wants to know the blow-by-blow. I don't think I can do it. I've seen Ahsha angry at you this whole time, but you know what I haven't seen for one second? That she doesn't love you. She may think of you differently after you tell her what happened, but I know she's still gonna love you. And here we have an authentic Devils Girl uniform worn by Mia, a member of last year's team. I see the current bid on the sheet is at $850. Can anyone give me 1,000? Yes. 1,500, I have two. 2,500? Three? Now I've got four. Akon, baby, help me out. Drive this baby up for me, would you? Whatever you want, Baby. 5,000. - You are looking beautiful, Omotola. - Thank you, girl. Welcome. Did you hear that? Five! Ls it quitting time? Not yet! Six! Thank heaven for seven. Congratulations. She's yours to play with for $7,000. What are you doing? You want me to stop treating you like a child? Well, here goes. Woman to woman... Ask your first question. Why'd You run? I walked in on your father having sex with my best friend. Next question. He said you two loved each other. Did you love him? I not only loved him, he was my drug. And I couldn't think straight when I was around him. Next question. Why didn't you try to fix it? If you loved him, even after what he did, how could you just leave and not talk to him again? Pete was a player. I was a dancer. Players can do whatever they want. They can party themselves into the ground and the organization will always be there to pick them up, protect them. They're multi-million-dollar investments. Players are gods. Dancers are goods. We have no safety net. We get dragged down, we stay down. Okay, but still... I got so dragged down... that I couldn't claw my way out. And even if Pete had wanted to pull himself out of the party, he couldn't. And I couldn't pull myself from him. I did... so many things I wasn't proud of. So many things. Did you do drugs? - Yes. - Cocaine? Yes. - Crack? - Ahsha! I've tried everything. You always ask me about the '92 playoffs. - You said they were a whirlwind. - I was blacked out. I can't tell you all the rooms I was in... all the things I did if I wanted to. If I would have stayed with Pete, I would have died. Getting pregnant saved my life. You... saved my life. Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to announce the single biggest auction bid of the night. The item was a dance with Devil Girl Ahsha Hayes. Oh, wait, the amount donated was $100,000. And the bidder, our very own Derek Roman. Come and claim your prize, D-Ro. What do I do? It's okay. Go dance. What are you doing? Are you trying to completely embarrass my boyfriend? Well, you kept turning me down, so I had to take desperate measures. I'll make it painless. - Where should I put my hands? - On my waist. - Any lower and I'll knee you in the nuts. - You're the boss. How's it going, beautiful? I don't know where you've been all night, but I'm over it. Oh, don't be mad. You want to dance? Terrence, you know me. You know I'll figure it out, so you'd best tell me what's going on right now. All right. You win. Good evening, everyone. I hope you all are having a great time tonight. I have a little announcement to make. Now, I have a passion besides basketball that I would like to introduce you to. It took some finagling. Actually, it took a lot of finagling to finish, but I finally managed to get it open tonight. Ladies and gentlemen, my new restaurant in Beverly Hills. Jelena's. All the delicious food and drink tonight was catered by Jelena's, so what do y'all think about the tri-tip sliders? Good, good, good. In that case, I hope you all make the trip down to Rodeo. Now, I hate to whisk my lady away from such a great party... but it turns out we have an anniversary dinner to get to. Is a day late okay? Let's go. I said, if that's a backdoor cut, then I am Kareem Abdul-Jabber. Whoa, hey, wow. - Don't you look lovely tonight? - Thanks. You think maybe we should try Jelena's restaurant on Tuesday? Maybe Terrence will give us a good table. What do you think? Before I knew who my father was, I could make him anyone I wanted. Sometimes, I would fantasise he was a doctor, a lawyer, a race car driver. Now that I know the reality, I don't want to know any more. Let's just keep things the way they were. But they weren't anywhere. Honey, you most definitely are gonna get to smack that! Oh, no. What the hell. You paid for it. Well, hello, Mel O'Grane. You're looking mighty fine. You ever heard of Anna Nicole Smith? He might be dead, y'all. Hey. What's wrong? You want to dance? I'd love to. That's pretty generous of you. $100,000 for charity. Yeah, for charity. Hey, dead-end. The microphone's still out there. Next time on Hit the Floor... The Santa Ana winds always lead to hot sex. Someone's hooking up. Keep an eye out for guilty faces. You told me it was okay to dance with him! - You should have stopped yourself! - Are you kidding me? I'm looking for Ahsha. I knew the insecure boyfriend was gonna show up at some point. Get the power back on and get it on now. There is no or else. What did you think, that I was just gonna do you right here in the elevator? Fine, you know what? Yeah. I want to have sex with you. Deal with it. - Who's there? - Mia. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 