Hit the Floor: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Hit the Floor 
 s1e6 - Lights Out - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Hit the Floor (2013–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Lights Out - full transcript 
 The power goes out at Devils Arena before a sold-out game. A frustrated Oscar threatens to move the team and reveals his future plan to Chase. Ahsha is upset with German after he gives her a pricey gift, then gets trapped with Derek in an elevator. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This season on Hit the Floor... You were an original Devil Girl, coolest first job ever. - Babe, you're doing it? - I don't know. If you think you can come in here and take one of our spots... - Ahsha? Don't be late. - Oh, my God! - Listen, be careful. - I will. - The girls are not my responsibility. - Wrong. Ahsha is your responsibility. She's your daughter. If she finds out about this, it'll tear her away from me - just when she needs me the most. - I won't tell Ahsha that I am her father. It's one thing to perform in front of this crowd, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 but to perform in front of your daddy too? - My what? - Pete Davenport, your father. Is it true? You told me it was a one-night stand! - I know it's so confusing right now. - You lied to me. I want to talk about Ahsha. If you want to dig up the bones from that night, it's not gonna happen. I screwed up the one good thing in my life and I wrecked the hell out of it. - You want a drink? - How do you want me to handle Ahsha? You're just gonna have to start from scratch. Didn't I hear your coach say something about no messing around between Devils and Devil Girls? - Technically you're not a Devil Girl. - I don't think my boyfriend cares about your technicalities. - What are you scared of out there? - I'm supposed to be doing 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 the super-smoking solo shot and it's not happening. - When does your head clear? - When I dance. - I just go. - So go. - I'm Jelena Howard. - What you did to Ahsha was foul. - Derek is an excellent coach. - He coaches ball? Actually I was talking about him coaching Ahsha at the calendar shoot. He helped her nail it. - What do you think you're doing? - Don't you want to give to charity and dance with your girl? - You know she has a boyfriend? - Yeah, not exactly competition for you. - You want to dance? - I'm not up for it. I remember you used to dance like a tornado. That was a long time ago. You want to dance? If I were to have stayed with Pete, I would have died. Getting pregnant saved my life. Before I knew who my father was, I could make him anyone I wanted. Now that I know the reality, I don't want to know any more. - Mia's gone? When? - Last night. Mia, the point of you getting gone was staying gone. This was delivered here for you. Call me again and I stop being so nice. Remember that dancer? The one who took off right before the tryouts? - She's reaching out. - You need to find out where she is. Already done. I went to Mia's apartment. Was she an escort? Oscar is buying you all new uniforms. As you know, all that he asks is that the old ones be turned in. We have an authentic Devil Girls uniform worn by Mia, a member of last year's team. Congratulations. She's yours to play with for $7,000. The microphone's still out there. Santa Ana's have officially ruined my garden. That and you have no green thumb. - You're freaking me out. - I'm just stupid happy that you're home. I'm home, but I'm not home, home. You know I live with German now. I know German's apartment is the size of a Quaker Oats' box and I know that boy can't cook as good as I do. At least at German's there's also real junk food in the house. Just because it's vegan doesn't mean it isn't real. Just because it's the size of a Quaker Oats' box doesn't mean it isn't home. I've got to jet. There's a big game tomorrow. Stay. Baby steps. Five, six, seven, eight. Punch, punch, punch, kick, kick, slide, kick. And one, two, three, four. Around. And one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. This good enough for your precious game tonight? We need bigger. Dallas knocked us out of the playoffs last year. This game is sold-out. We're gonna be wall-to-wall press. We need spectacle. You heard him, ladies. Barrel combo. From the top. Excuse me. Miss Howard. Your car alarm's going off. Oh, this wind. 'Ll be back in 15. - Don't get comfortable. - Ladies. You know, the Santa Ana winds do more than knock down trees and set off car alarms. What are you talking about? They're always blowing up someone's skirt. The hot Santa Anas always lead to hot sex. It's a thing. And you don't know that 'cause you're not from here. And you're not from here either. How do you know? 'Cause mine was the skirt that got blown up. Mark my words. Someone's hooking up. Keep an eye out for guilty faces. - What? - Nothing. - You look fine. - I look fine? Well, you could look better, that's all I'm saying. Oh, good, I thought you were saying something really horrible to me. Maybe if you try this. Oh, wow. This is gaudy. Oh, no, I'm sorry. It's cute. I thought it was a joke. I don't own any costume jewellery. That's not costume jewellery. This is real? Like, real-real? - How much did this cost? - It doesn't matter. It kind of does. - Germ, these are diamonds. - You deserve them. I'm serious. How much did this cost? - Five. - Five what? $5,000? Where did you get the money for this? I had it. That was your money for grad school. You blew it on a bracelet? I spent it on you. Thank you would be nice. What were you thinking throwing your Masters away for a piece of jewellery? Derek Roman paid $100,000 for a piece of you! He didn't pay me. It was a dance for charity. Do you think I can be bought? Well, you seemed pretty impressed. But hey, what do I know? I'm just some idiot in a polyester suit watching from the sidelines. You told me it was okay to dance with him. I wasn't going to stop you. You should have stopped yourself! Are you kidding me? Maybe I should move back home. We didn't argue when we weren't living together. - So now you want to move out? - I don't want to move out. I want to stop arguing and I want my boyfriend to stop treating me like a hooker. Sweet Jesus. It's the end of days out there. If you hadn't have pulled up when you did, my rocking chair would be halfway to Pasadena by now. Always here to help, ma'am. - So, what brings you around? - I need a reason? I saw you and Ahsha holding hands at the auction. Yeah. We turned a corner. Not quite there yet, but we're heading in the right direction. That's great. Ahsha and I drove off a cliff. She doesn't want anything to do with me. Sorry. Yeah, well, when you spend your life making stupid decisions, you're gonna eventually be judged for them. And the stupidest decisions I made were the ones that hurt you. Sloane, there are so many things that I want to say to you and I'm sure there's plenty that you want to say to me. Pete, I don't want to give you the wrong idea. I just... Sloane, don't, I mean, don't even... Please, you don't have to... I don't even know what that was. I was just... I was just saying... - careful with the wind. - You, too. Five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. One, two, three, four, five, six, barrel turn. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. One, two, down to the floor. Good. Not great. - Again. - I'm sorry, Miss Howard, your car alarm. You've got to be kidding me. Yes. - That's the face of death. - Do you have a minute? I need to talk to someone and you're the only one around here I can trust. - Yeah, what happened? - I had a fight with German. Spill it. Actually, I just remembered I need to be somewhere. Ahsha. Hey. That was weird. - I'm sorry. - Well, hello, handsome. - Don't be shy. I'm not. - I'm looking for Ahsha. Oh, God, I knew the insecure boyfriend was gonna show up at some point. What's wrong with you? Have a fight with your boyfriend? You're the last person I'm talking relationship problems with. So there are problems. Hello? Who's there? Mia. The power's out in the entire goddamn arena. Why the hell is the backup generator not on? We have a game tonight, a huge game, a sold-out game. Get the power back on and get it on now. There is no "or else". What happens if you don't get the power back in time? We're getting power back. You don't look so good, Mia. I haven't slept in days. I can't stop moving. They found me. They found me and it's all your fault. And it's gonna take more than cash to get rid of me this time. - Not working? - No, it was. I just had the quietest conversation ever. Hey, don't take your fight with your boyfriend out on me. - We did not have a fight! - It was about our dance, huh? I left home so fast I left my phone there. You stormed out because of the fight. - Where's your phone? - It's in my locker. Wonder if I could climb out of here. Calm down, Lara Croft. They can't have a game without me. They'll find us. What are we supposed to do until then? Be patient and wait. He was crazy jealous, wasn't he? Of course, dancing with him was gonna bother me. I mean, everybody's oohing and ahing like he's something special. He is not all that. He drops 100 Gs to dance with her and that's okay? I spend five grand on a diamond bracelet - and she freaks out on me. - Diamond bracelet? Yeah, she might as well have chucked it at me on the way out of the door. - Do you have it on you? - Yeah. I can't believe she didn't fall to her knees over this. I'm really good at shadow puppets. Cheers Miguel right up. Okay, check out this one. It's Oscar sexually harassing himself. That's good. Sorry, I appreciate the effort, I just... It's gonna take more than shadow puppets to pull me out of this. I'm a really good listener. Try me. Ahsha is my daughter. That's... I... Sorry, I have to grab some supplies out of the... - Supply closet. - Sorry. Be right back. - How is your being on the run my fault? - You told people where I was hiding. - I didn't tell anyone anything. - They found me. You were the only one who knew. The amount that you were blowing up my cell, you didn't try and bother anyone else? Olivia. You've clearly figured it out. Be a stranger. - I came here because I need your help. - I gave you help. You gave me cash. I came to you scared and alone and you wouldn't even let me tell you what I went through that night. You just forced money in my hand and told me to go. - That's what you needed. - No, that's what you needed. And in a twisted way you think I was a threat, you saw your chance to get rid of me and you took it. Your opinion of yourself is as high as you are. You're gonna make it up to me. I need something and you are gonna get it for me. - What's that? - My uniform. You want your uniform? For what? To dance around in? Relive the days when you mattered? One of my uniforms was auctioned off at the charity weekend. I left it in my locker. I need you to track it down for me. Olivia said she found that uniform in your apartment along with key cards to half the hotels in Los Angeles. My apartment? I was wearing that one the night my place got broken into, the night I left town. It's not the one I need. He doesn't have it either. It's still out there. Raquel. You couldn't have run out of candles in the playground. - Everything okay? - Everything's fine. I just... Coach Davenport told me something and it's just... I don't even know. I can't say what it is. It involves someone you work with, someone that works for you. Ahsha? I know. I also know you have feelings for him. How? I recognise that look on your face. I've seen it before. I can't help it, but Ahsha? That's just too weird. Raquel, this is your MO. You follow your heart and ignore your brain. You did it with Jesse. Trust me. Pete Davenport is not a road you want to go down. You know what they say. Santa Ana's are baby makers. Thumb war? It's been 100 years. I thought you were important. Relax. Enjoy yourself. What was that? Hello? Yeah, I got your message. I've just been busy. I'm not lying. Right after the game I went to treatment and then I had a press conference and... Look, I'm sorry, tell me what you want me to say and I'll say it. What the hell? You said you left your phone in your locker. That doesn't give you the right to hang up on my call. No, it gives me the right because I'm not gonna sit here and listen to you have a dumb fight with some dumb girl. That's not some dumb girl. That's my mother. Why would you lie about not having your phone? What did you think, that I was just gonna do you right here in the elevator? Fine, you know what, yeah. I want to have sex with you. Deal with it. There. I dealt with it. The backup generator's gonna take hours before it's up and running. We don't have hours. I can delay the game but I can't cancel it. Ticket sales, broadcast fees. I'm not taking that kind of hit. You've got till 8:30 to get it going for a 9:00 game. - What if we can't? - You will. Get it done. Chase? What are you doing here? Chase. - I freaked you out. - What? - I freaked you out. - No. Ahsha and I are friends. And I just dropped this on you. I'm sorry. I... I just found out myself and I haven't had to tell anyone yet. - I'm the first? - You are the first. Why are you just finding out? I haven't always been the nicest guy. - I used to roll with guys like Jesse. - You are nothing like Jesse. He never told me anything and what he did tell me was a lie. You... You got rid of Jesse for me. You're my hero. What's wrong with hearing you're a great guy? Okay, you may want people to think you're this gruff lost cause. You may think that yourself but... I see you for who you really are. You're a good man, Pete Davenport. Why'd you stop? Raquel, you are beautiful and amazing and there was a time that I would take this all the way if I could and... I want to be a different guy. L got to go, - Okay. What's so important about this stupid uniform? It's got proof that could give me my life back. In that case, maybe I should get to it first. - You'll have to beat me and Oscar. - Oscar? I'm not trying to get on Oscar's bad side. Just tell me where it could be and I'll find it myself. We got new uniforms. It's either in the trash where it belongs or some other girl got stuck with it. Haunt them. I'm out. I could have gone pro like Derek. I could be paying $100,000 to dance with Ahsha. Man, if I didn't choke when I got scouted, everything would be different. - Honey, you were never going pro. - Excuse me? You're four-foot nothing. I don't care how big of a star you were in college. You're Jiminy Cricket next to the guys in the pros. - Nate Robinson is 5' 9". - Here comes the laundry list. Avery Johnson was 5' 10". Spud Webb, Charlie Criss, Isaiah Thomas... Obviously you have a hard time facing the facts. You're talking to the right person, because I'm all about facts. I'm gonna help you. One broke bitch to another. You're worried you choked away your opportunity. You didn't. You never had a chance. You're worried Derek Roman wants to have sex with Ahsha. He does, for sure. I mean, he's hit on her 100 times from Christmas. He has 30 million in his bank account. If he wanted to buy her an island, he could. I play Derek's game. If he was hitting on me and paid $100,000 for a dance, I'd give him this, that and everything in between. If he offered to buy me an island, I'd ask for two and then I'd give him more pleasure than a Princess Cruise. Ahsha? Ahsha doesn't play Derek's game. Ahsha plays your game. By buying her this, you pulled a Derek move on a gym teacher's salary. Game over. Your whole brawl with Care Bear is your fault, not hers. Baby. What's going on? Whenever you're like this, something's wrong. Work crap. Liv, no one wants to see me as a businessman. It's like, all they want to do is talk about that game back in '92. It was a great game. You don't even know which one I'm talking about. That's because they were all great, baby. I know what it's like not to be taken seriously. It just makes you want to work that much harder to make them. They'll see. Trust me. Do you know how many numbers I had on this phone? I'm sure your phone has herpes. Don't be a million dollar baby. You get everything you want. You won't die without your phone. I may be a million dollar baby that gets whatever he wants, but you're a dancer that doesn't know how to have fun. - Says who? - Says me. Look, every time I see you you're stressed the hell out. And every time I see you, you're pretending to be someone you're not. You don't even know what you're talking about. "Well, hello, ladies. Oh, I'm a fan of a whole bunch of things." "You want me to dance? Oh, I'll dance for you." You and your stupid pick-up lines. Your stupid grand entrances. With your dollar-store hookers under each stupid arm, your ridiculous oil paintings, your popping bottles. It's all to cover your insecurities. Insecurities you can't hide from when off this elevator and go home to your big, great, stupid, empty house! I didn't... I didn't mean... The whole no pictures of your family in your house thing. When I asked you, you were like, whatever. You said you and your mom were cool. Were you lying? Don't. - You were just arguing with her. - Ahsha. We're stuck on an elevator, why not talk about it? - Because I don't want to. - I do. Be honest for once in your life. You want to be Captain Save-A-Ho, but I'm not some dude you need to save. I'm a dude you want to have sex with, but you can't handle it. - I do not! - Look, you be honest. Admit it. Admit that you want me. You wanted me from the minute you saw me, just like I wanted you. Your ego is unreal. Your head is so far up your... - What are you doing here? - I came to say sorry. What I said earlier. Having you back is having an effect on me. I mean, it's bringing up feelings, well, feelings that you've had 20 years to forget. L just... I'm sure you put me to bed a long time ago. You're right. I have. What happened? Tree branch smashed through my window. Scared the hell out of me. I boarded it up the best I could. Watch out. I haven't cleaned up all the glass yet. Yeah, well, you used one and three quarter inch screws here and this board is a monster. You have to drive those in at least two and a half and you have two boards here, so you've got a seam here. You need bracing for the entire seam and some people say you have to put bracing screws 6 inches apart. I'd say four. Pete. Shut up. My life may be a show. I may have ridiculous oil paintings and insecurities, but you want me. I never said that. You just did. - Everything okay in there? - Yeah, everything's cool. Lipstick. You're right. I screwed up. How bad is it? Go home. Talk to her there. You're after this, that and the other thing. What's your end game? $757,432.86. That's a specific amount. What does that buy? Freedom. We've got 45 minutes to get this game off. Open up parking, get people's asses in seats, ASAP. You city hall paper pushers are lucky that this was just a game. This arena's an emergency evacuation site. This could have been a disaster. It's more than just the backup generator! The whole arena needs upgrades and the benefits don't match the cost. I am building a new arena and let me tell you something, it's not gonna be here. Either you let me into Hollywood or I'm taking the Devils somewhere else. - The lights are on. - Yeah. - I got to get to the arena for the game. - Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. So, do I need to... Maybe I need to, or we need to... We don't need to. - We should probably just pretend... - Right, yeah, agreed. It was nice, you know... - Bye. - Okay, bye. Bye. All right, listen up. Twitter's gone fail whale with all the jokes about our power going out. - We need to get in on the joke fast. - How? We're going dark. I'm having facilities set up black light as we speak and remember your marks because if you miss one, you're breaking something. - Everything okay, Ahsha? - I'm fine. I'm just not really feeling well. Oh, well, too bad your boyfriend's not here. He always makes you smile. Ladies and gentlemen, please put your hands together for the Los Angeles Devil Girls! Did somebody turn out the lights? Plans for the new Hollywood arena are back in play. How? City said not a chance in hell. That was before I had the backup generator disabled. Preparation plus opportunity equals success. I'm hopeful what this could mean for me. You should be. - How was the game? - Good. I returned that bracelet. Good. Next time on Hit the Floor... I thought we were gonna stop this. You put me in a crappy spot. - You don't understand. - Help me understand. The numbers came in for the calendar shoot. They're huge. Oh, my God, is that Akon? - You're fired. - He didn't just miss one game. - He didn't even get on the plane. - What's going on? Having people to push you in the right direction makes all the difference - and I feel like I have that person. - Nice interview. - You ruined the rotation. - Instead of riding me, why don't you focus on Terrence? - What's that supposed to mean? - He wants to be traded. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 