Bored to Death: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bored to Death 
 s2e2 - Make it Quick, Fitzgerald! - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bored to Death (2009–2011): Season 2, Episode 2 - Make it Quick, Fitzgerald! - full transcript 
 Jonathan is hired by Richard Antrem, George's nemesis and boxing foe, to investigate Richard's suspicions that his wife Priscilla, who is also George's ex, is having an affair. Jonathan's insecurities resurface when Stella announces she's not over her first love. George learns he has a new female urologist. Ray plots to win back Leah by penning a comic book. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com ♪ All the shadows in the city ♪ ♪ used to love you, what a pity ♪ ♪ I miss the questions you used to ask me ♪ ♪ bored to death, cut, mad and lonely ♪ ♪ bored to death, cut, mad and lonely ♪ - ( coughs ) - ♪ Bored to death ♪ ♪ cut, mad and lonely. ♪ ( whistle blows ) ( Phone ringing ) I got maker's mark, bushmills. What do you want, handsome? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Nothing, thank you. I'm fine. So just how long you been a private dick on the side? Only a few months. I know it's strange but it's kind of my way to help people. It's good because I want you to help me. I think my wife's been having an affair on the side. She's been suppressing a smile for weeks. I want you to figure out what's going on. I don't know if I feel comfortable. Louis showed me your ad in Craigslist. It said your rates are quite fair. How much do you charge? A hundred a day plus expenses. - How does 500 sound? - Mr. Antrem. Deal. Keep the clip and come on... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 it's Richard. - Well, I could use the money. - Good! So listen, I got it all figured it out how we're gonna do this. Tomorrow night I told her I'm going out of town. She's got pilates at 7:00. I want you to plant yourself in my closet in our bedroom. - What, why? - So you can see who she's fucking. If there's any action, you text me, I'll be right over. I've got room at the harbor club for the night. I don't know. Sounds risky. Oh, come on! It's a snap. If she's not screwing anybody, she's taking two Ambien every night. She'll be dead to the world. You'll sneak right out of there. Maybe you should hire a more experienced Detective. Listen, George is an idiot, but his one decent trait... he surrounds himself with good people, so I trust you intrinsically and I want you for this job. Okay, I'll take the case. So how is George anyway? - He's good... - You know what I can't stand about him? Whatever you're doing he wants to do. Whatever you've got, he wants. You ever notice that? - Yeah. - He's just a big narcissistic nipple-sucking infant, you know? - George, give me that titty. - Richard! Oh, Louis. You remember your old boxing opponent Jonathan? - Hello, Louis. - Hello, Jonathan. I heard your novel was rejected. - Yes, but... - No wonder you're on the casting couch. You're looking for work. There's a position in the mailroom if you're interested. - What are you talking about? - Don't be so fey, Louis. Could you come back in 10 minutes, please? Jonathan and I are finishing up some very important business. I'm so sorry. He's very possessive in his own way. His father was a child psychologist; made him sleep in a box. I think it aged him prematurely. Oh, I didn't know. If George knew I was working for Antrem, he'd be really hurt, but I need the money. - George will never know. - I hope not, but I still feel guilty. It's just too bad that Antrem doesn't trust his wife. They should just have an open relationship. Monogamy sucks! It never works. Didn't know that you felt that way. Do you have an open mind about relationships? Yes, I have an open mind. Well, I'd like our relationship to be... open. A lot of people at the food club are experimenting with polyamory and I want us to try it. What? I can't just go from an open mind to an open relationship. We need to talk about this for months and never act on it. Jonathan, I realize that this is coming out of the blue, but I want to see other people. Wait, wait a second. Wha-wha... what brought this on? I thought you were happy with me. We found your g-spot and everything. I know. I know. My first love has come back to Brooklyn and he's the other person I want to see, but I also don't want to lose you. I-I can't believe this. Who's this first love? His name is Warren. We went to bard together. - Well, he's agreed to it. - You checked with him before me?! I just want us all to have an overnight group cuddle just so that we can see how we all get along. God, Stella, a sleepover? It'll be fun. You'll like Warren. He's a struggling comedian. You guys have a lot in common. - Because I'm struggling? - No! Because he's funny and sweet like you. No, I will not have a three-way cuddle with a struggling comedian. Come on, Jonathan, you're a writer. Henry Miller would have done it. You can be my Henry Miller. I do like Henry Miller. But wait, if I'm Henry Miller then who's Warren? He'll be... - Bukowski. - I wanna be Bukowski. Okay, you are Bukowski. I always loved Bukowski. - Hi, I'm Dr. Kenwood. - Oh. Uh, George Christopher. Where's Dr. Rebonowitz? Oh, he retired. I've taken over his practice. We sent out an email. I didn't get it, I guess. - I'm on AOL. - Sorry. So what brings you to me today? Uh... Well, I've had this terrific pain. It's like one of those, uh, little piranhas got inside of my penis. What do you think would cause such a thing? Off the top of my head I would say urethral scarring. What? Oh my God, why... - Why would I have scarring? - A long active sex life. Does that apply to you? Well, I've always admired the French lifestyle, - if you know what I mean? - Yes, I understand. All right, feet up. Look at those. Is that really necessary? Sometimes. Also it's good for spotting tiny venereal warts. Oh God. You know, I don't recall Dr. Rebonowitz having stirrups. - Is this something new? - Yes, it's my own innovation. I thought of it when I was at the gynecologist. This way when I finger your prostate I can see your face and gauge your reaction. Makes me a better and more effective doctor. Is it strange as a female urologist to deal with men? No, I've always been intrigued with the male anatomy. As a girl I loved horses. Right. - Okay. - So, uh, how are we doing down there? So far so good. But you have bed bugs. - What? - Didn't you notice the little red bites? Oh, I thought that was chafing. Oh God, this is so embarrassing. Not at all, the whole city's infected with bedbugs. Bloomberg probably has them. You're gonna need to bomb your apartment. Oh lord. My fingers are gonna feel a little cold. How does that feel? It feels comforting actually. Hmm. ( Door opens ) ( Door closes ) ( Laughing ) ( Moaning ) Priscilla: Oh, come on! George: All right, just hold on. I got it, I got it. ( Panting, moaning ) Just put it in me now. I can't wait! - George: Do you feel filled up? - Yes yes. What's my name? I want to hear you say it. - Priscilla: Nosferatu. - No, you forgot to say "great." - The great Nosferatu. - Sorry, dear. All right, do it again. Jonathan: George left at midnight. Then she took two Ambien. It was one of the worst nights of my life. Does George have a nice ass? It... it was very white. It figures. I still don't understand why he's having an affair with his ex-wife it's like a waste of a divorce. I don't understand why he didn't tell me he was seeing Priscilla. Why? I don't tell you everything. - You don't? - No. Oh, yes yes yes yes. Look at this. My new drawing. The origin of super ray. - So this is how he gets his powers? - Yeah. Walks down the street with his fly undone, falls through a subway grate, hits his cock on the third rail, and it becomes a God. So the third rail is to his cock what the spider bite was to Peter Parker? Yeah, but this is on a higher level. That's the general idea, yeah. Plus when Leah sees the quality of my new work, she'll want me back. You know, I don't know if that's gonna do the trick. I mean, she never really liked comics. It'll work, okay? I made a mix CD also. And between the mix CD and the book, she'll know how much I love her. When did you start using that pipe? Uh, a couple of weeks ago, right after Leah sent my heart to Darfur. Corn-cob pipe gets you more stoned, plus it makes me look like a sea Captain. I don't know what's worse... Leah breaking up with you or Stella forcing me into bed with her old boyfriend. But if you don't do it, you'll lose her just like I lost Leah. I'm a chest of drawers. This drawer right here has been removed. Sorry, ray. It's okay. I'll win her back. I have to. I can't believe you were in the closet. I can't believe I had to listen to you make love for 10 minutes. 10... it was longer than 10 minutes. Thank you. This is the best part about having bedbugs. I may never move back to my apartment. You know the maritime is a beautiful hotel, but the meat-packing district really has become... - Los Angeles. - So how was I last night in bed? - Do I still got it? - I don't know, George. - I never saw you have sex before. - True true. But Priscilla, God, she's beautiful isn't she? Yeah, of course she's lovely, but what was all that Nosferatu business? Oh. ( Chuckles ) We like to do vampire role-play. It's always been our thing. - God, is everyone into vampires? - It seems that way. Oh, what's that? Two poached eggs and an avocado. You know, avocado is the fish of vegetables... a lot of omega-3. Oh, I want that. Can we switch? This looks like very very nice oatmeal. All right, fine. Never mind. What the hell were you thinking letting Antrem hire you? He was very pushy and I needed the money. So very strange. I mean I've had people watch, you know, back in the '70s at Plato's retreat, but not when I didn't know. Well, you better call it quits. I covered for you. Why? What exactly did you say to that pompous, bloated toad? I told him she was alone, but he wants me back in the closet. - Tomorrow night I'll be back in there. - Fine. - Wednesday night. - No, George, today is Wednesday. Oh, right right. George, why are you having an affair with your ex-wife? Because I've never fallen out of love with her. Are you sure you don't wanna switch? Oh, of course you do. Come on, come on. Oh, this is gonna be fun. Ah, bon appétit. Let's have a toast to my two favorite men in the world. To my favorite girl in the world. Mine too. You know, if you guys just randomly met, you would be friends. You know what I mean? - Sure, baby. - ( Softly ) "Baby." Just trying to keep it symmetrical, you know. I'm gonna go light some candles in the bedroom and get everything all ready, okay? Sure, sweetie, sure. Oh, she's so sexy, isn't she? Yeah, I love that ass. Doggy-style with her, right? - Listen... - Yeah yeah, you're probably right. No locker-room talk. So before we go to bed I should know - are you bi or what? - I don't think so. A camp counselor once fondled me inappropriately, but that's about it. - Are you bi? - I don't know. When I was 13, my best friend used to put on his mom's wig and blow me. - Does that count? - Maybe? - Yeah, whatever. So you're a writer? - Yes, I've written one novel. Stella told me that your second novel was rejected. - She did. Well... - Does that make you feel like a one-hit wonder? Even though your one hit wasn't really that big. Actually my first novel was very well received. - Really? - Mm-hmm. Because I read a review of your novel by Louis green. - Well, that guy's very biased. - You're kind of a weak sister, aren't you? What the hell is that supposed to mean? Everything's ready. Do you guys wanna come in and smoke some pot? ( Slaps ) Let's do this, little man. ( Giggles ) You know, I really wanna thank you guys for doing this. I feel really loved right now. Oh, I'm happy too, baby. Do you think that we could rotate the spooning in a little while so that I'm behind you, Stella? I think that's fair. This is my apartment. - That's fine with me. - No problem. But can you pull the plug on that little kiddy nightlight? I like total darkness. My circadian rhythms get all messed up. ( Urinating ) ( Toilet flushes ) You know what? I'm ready for more than cuddling. It was frightening. It was... it was like an elephant tusk. I'm sorry you had to see that. I think I may have the smallest penis in the world. I mean, first George, which was bad enough, but then Warren makes George look tiny. But you're just comparing yourself to those two. - You don't have a small penis, do you? - I do! I've been looking at it all morning. I can't even see it. It's like I'm on top of the empire state building and my penis is an ant. - You need to go to a doctor for something like that. - Maybe, I don't know. I'm just really going crazy right now. I'm committing menticide. - Menticide, what's that? - My brain is attacking itself. Look... Can you please look at my penis and tell me I'm an adult male? No! What, are you nuts? Come on, Hemingway checked Fitzgerald when he went through a crisis like this. He wrote about it in "a movable feast." I'm your friend, but I'm not gonna look at your cock. I don't care what Hemingway wrote. Please? - What, here? - Yes. - Now? - Yes please. Okay. Pull it out. - Well, I mean, not here here. - Where do you want to do it? Because I'm not going to an alley. I'm not gonna fall for that again. Make it quick, Fitzgerald. I really appreciate you doing this. You're fucking crazy. You're perfectly normal. - Really, you think so? - Yeah, look at this. Oh my God, what is that? I have a long foreskin. Not everybody in New York is Jewish, you know. ( Exhales ) ( Door opens ) ( Growls, laughing ) Not again! Okay, go down on me first. Get me ready. Oh God, I love licking your armpit. Oh George. - ( Moaning ) - ( Phone vibrates ) Don't put your tongue in there. I'll come. Oh, no no no, George. No no, George, no. ( Loud moaning ) - ( Screaming ) - ( Phone vibrates ) ( Priscilla whimpers ) I saw the color Violet when I came. I saw the color orange. - ( Phone rings ) - ( Groans ) I forgot to turn my phone off. I'm sorry. I won't answer it. George, I'm in the closet and I need to come out! I'll give you two minutes to get decent and then I'm coming out. It's an emergency. What? You remember Jonathan, right? ( Beeps ) This is Leah. Please leave a message. You can come out now. George, I told you I was gonna be in here on Thursday night. You knew he was gonna be in there? I thought he was gonna be in there Wednesday night. And it's not my fault. Richard hired him. How could you forget which night? I don't know. You know, I got that vaporizer you told me about. I think my short-term memory is going and my long term. We gotta go. Antrem's gonna be back soon. - This is the most humiliating experience of my life. - Sweetheart, come on. - Oh, just shut up. - ( Door closes ) Antrem: Sweee, my flight got canceled! Oh shit. What are we gonna do? Leah? ( Knocks ) - Leah? - Who are you? - Who the fuck are you? - Leah, call 911. Some nut has broken into the house. Some nut? I'm her boyfriend, you fucking asshole! I thought you guys broke up. - Irwin? - Here. Ray? What's going on?! Priscilla? I have something terrible to confess to you. I thought that you were cheating on me so I hired a private Detective. Jonathan, you can come out of the closet now. Hello, Richard. Ray, stop. Irwin, come back. - I'm so sorry. - That's all right. I'll just go home. Thank you for a beautiful evening. Shut up, asshole. You have a small cock. Because I'm frightened. I'll call you tomorrow, Leah. Shut up. I can't believe this, ray. Why are you here? Because I love you. What? What did you say? I can't believe it. It's only been three weeks and you do this? I'm sorry. He's just a guy I met. I don't wanna hurt you. You're my best friend. ( Sobbing ) You're cheating on me with him? How could you do that to me? You know that I love you. Richard, I'm sorry. - But why? - Because I could pretend that I was in the past when George and I were married, when I was young. Oh, r-Richard. Don't be mad at Priscilla, please. It's my fault. I mean, yes, we have an amorph... shut up, you old queen. And you? I thought you were my new friend. Uh... - I'm sorry, Richard. - Me too. Priscilla: I'd like all of you idiots out of the house. Want to get a drink? Sure. Sync by honeybunny www.addic7ed.com ( siren warbles ) ♪ Blue canary in the outlet by the light switch ♪ ♪ who watches over you ♪ ♪ make a little birdhouse in your soul ♪ ♪ not to put too fine a point on it ♪ ♪ say I'm the only bee in your bonnet ♪ ♪ make a little birdhouse in your soul ♪ ♪ and while you're at it ♪ ♪ leave the night light on inside the birdhouse in your soul ♪ ♪ not to put too fine a point on it ♪ ♪ say I'm the only bee in your bonnet ♪ ♪ make a little birdhouse in your soul ♪ - ♪ blue canary in the outlet by the light switch ♪ - ♪ While you're at it ♪ - ♪ who watches over you ♪ - ♪ Leave the night light on inside the birdhouse ♪ ♪ make a little birdhouse in your soul ♪ ♪ not to put too fine a point on it ♪ ♪ say I'm the only bee in your bonnet ♪ ♪ make a little birdhouse in your soul ♪ - ♪ blue canary in the outlet by the light switch ♪ - ♪ And while you're at it ♪ - ♪ who watches over you ♪ - ♪ Leave the night light on inside the birdhouse ♪ ♪ make a little birdhouse in your soul. ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 