Bored to Death: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bored to Death 
 s1e8 - Take a Dive - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bored to Death (2009–2011): Season 1, Episode 8 - Take a Dive - full transcript 
 Having picked up the gauntlet thrown down by Richard - and having thwarted a blackmail bid aimed at getting Jonathan to take a dive - the Edition team gear up for a tripleheader boxing challenge against their GQ rivals. But with the bouts only hours away, the women in their lives offer some compelling reasons why winning isn't everything. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Don't both of you think this whole fight thing between two magazines - is a bit ridiculous? Well Yes, but it's good publicity, especially in today's market And from what I can understand, George's magazine can really use the ink I agree Our whole fight is inane I'm doing this because Richard challenged me and, as a gentleman, I accepted But Richard challenged you because you wrote, among other things, that he had the penis of a hermaphrodite That was sloppy journalism I do want to apologise 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to any hermaphrodites who may have been insulted by an unflattering comparison (Bell dings) So why are you two fighting? Richard's my boss and he said I had to For a team to win in a match like this, it has to be best two out of three, and he said that we needed a cartoonist on our side since Ray is a cartoonist I I really love your comics, by the way Oh, thank you (Bell dings) They say that the pen is mightier than the sword, but when we meet in the ring my fist will be mightier than my pen I wish your pen were mightier than your fist, Jonathan, but your honest assessment of your talent is quite commendable and appreciated 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Cheers (Bell dings) I'm looking forward to being punched I've never actually practiced S and M, but I've always wanted to and, you know, this seems like a really good opportunity Especially since I'll be hit by someone whose work I admire - (Bell dings) I think that a homoerotic subtext is precisely what this fight needs to make it more lively Oh, I'm sorry to put you on the spot, Mrs Antrem, but you've been married to both of these gentlemen What do you think of all this? I think the whole thing is absurd I don't want either of them getting hurt Hands up all the time The guy you're fighting is tall Remember, you've got to make a sandwich Your hands are the bread. Your head is the meat Protect the meat OK, Sal, thank you Bread, meat (Grunts) I've really been fantasising about beating Louis Greene He's been rude to me one too many times Yeah, I have nothing against the weirdo that I'm boxing, but I look forward to kicking his ass, you know? I keep having this daydream that if I win I get Priscilla back Why'd you ever lose her anyway? She was like a cat She'd never come to me when I wanted her to That's why I like dogs But when she did come to me, I mean, it was magnificent She was highly orgasmic When she sees what I do to Antrem in the ring, yeah, she'll be reminded of what it's like to be in bed with me (Grunting and yelping) (Gasping) That's how you make love? (Yelps) (Phone) Hello Hey, it's Stella We met a few weeks ago at the co op Yeah, hi How are you? I'm good Um (Chuckles) And, I don't know, I was thinking about you and I was wondering if you wanted to hang out tonight Um, I'm supposed to be working on my novel Well, I got this really good pot, medical marijuana from California It could help with your writing (* Freelance Whales: Kilojoules) Why don't you have shelves? My girl... my ex-girlfriend took them with her when she moved out Mm Why don't you build some? I'm not very mechanical I could build them for you Really? Yeah I used to work for Habitat for Humanity - You did? Mm hm Oh, well, I'm human Let's play I never miss when I'm stoned, or it's like I don't care if I do (Snarling) Come on Let's go - What? Game on What's the name of your basketball team? The, uh, In Your Face What's yours? The Kicking Your Butts Oh, you are? That's weird It's kind of a stupid name for a team that doesn't do that Oh really? Argh! (Thump) - Are you all right? I'm fine Where's the ball? (Typing) (Phone) - Hello. Is this Jonathan Ames? Yes Who's this? It's not important who it is What is important is that you take a dive - in your fight with Louis Greene, or else. Or else what? Or else we'll make George Christopher the laughing stock of the publishing world and maybe even the magazine world too What are you talking about? I'm talking about you taking a dive, Ames All right? I've got to go Bye Hello? Hello? Well, that's a weird phone call Probably one of your disturbed friends You're my only disturbed friend who'd do something like that Don't mention it to George I don't want to upset him Are you going to do anything about it? Nothing to do It's gotta be a prank Let me get you guys wrapped I had a really nice time with Stella last night She's the first girl since Suzanne I kind of have feelings for Did you at least bang her? Yeah, did you bang her? No, it was like a real date We played nerf basketball, listened to music We didn't even kiss What, are you in the fifth grade? I lost my virginity in the fifth grade - What was his name? Father Francis (* The Jimmy Castor Bunch: It's Just Begun) I'm going to kick your ass, Antrem You're an idiot, a fool, a slob I can't stand you You should never have married my ex wife All right, George, you're gonna shoot your whole wad Save it for tomorrow night Yeah, you're right Thanks (* Ursula 1000: Got Cha) OK, stop Stop Stop (Wheezing) Hey, I want to thank both of you for supporting me in this whole thing I know it's delusional behaviour, but it's important to me I like being delusional - Yeah, me too. We're delusional together Thank you We're going to kick some major GQ ass tomorrow I can feel it I just hope I don't get a brain injury What is that, a bridge? (Phone) Hello Hey Practicing for your dive tomorrow night? Why should I? Because I have something you want What are you talking about? I have a Viagra bottle The name on it, George Christopher He's been on this stuff since 1997 Plenty of refills How did you get that? Hey, you know what? Shut up Here's the drill You're going to take a dive in your fight tomorrow, or else this bottle's going to Page Six and Christopher, the so called ladies' man, is going to be humiliated All right Got to go Hanging up (Laughter on TV) - What the fuck? I'm Jonathan Ames Get the fuck out of here - What the hell is that thing? You don't want to find out Where's the Viagra bottle? Hey, I don't know what you're talking about, asshole - Come on, man. Settle down Shit, how did you find me? You called from your home phone Amateur Hey, I'm not a fucking amateur Where did you get the Viagra? You can't make me talk This thing picks locks It also does a nice job on eardrums I got it from George Christopher's dumpster You're not smart enough to mastermind a job like this Who put you up to it? You know what? I'm a lot of things, but I ain't no rat - (Clicks) Louis Greene Hey, wait, wait Don't tell Greene I screwed this up, all right? He'll be pissed off And he's supposed to give me $200 You want to make that kind of money? Bet on Ames (* Raphael Saadiq: Love That Girl) (Phone) Hello Oh my God, really? No, uh, yeah, send her up Priscilla, I am so happy to see you - Hello, George. Come in Come in Come in (Laughs) (Sighs) (Phone) (Groans) Hello It's Stella What are you doing? Trying to write My book's due tomorrow and now I've got 47,000 words left to go Also I have a boxing match tomorrow I'm losing my mind Oh, shit. I won't bug you then. We'll do it another time The vaporiser I ordered finally arrived today (Whirring) (Both chuckle) (* Glass Ghost: Like A Diamond) Just squeeze down on that nipple and suck in the marijuana vapour It's like I've been instantly and beautifully lobotomised I know And it's healthy because it's invisible vapour Um Ugh (Both giggle) Your apartment is beautiful Oh, thank you It's a little cold, though, isn't it? I mean, I sort of float around here trying not to make a mess, almost like it's someone else's home George, I've come here to talk to you about something Your fight tomorrow Can we can we talk about the past first? I have no filters My frontal lobes may be going, but I have to say immediately that I haven't stopped thinking about you for 20 years and that you look very beautiful George I'm really glad that you could hang out There was this pollen in the air today that smelled like kissing Do you know that smell? Yeah I love that smell Mm Do you remember our little apartment on West 11th with the curtains by the window? Yes, of course I remember Do you still like to role play Nosferatu? (Chuckles) Cos every couple of months, I I have this recurring dream, where I'm in the curtains, hiding, and that I'm that I'm kissing your neck George, I don't want you to fight Richard tomorrow What? What I can't back out I'd be humiliated He challenged me He would never tell you, but he has a heart condition He shouldn't exert himself - Well, what do you want me to do? Just let him win What do you call it? You know take a dive Wait, going back, when you say that he, uh can't exert himself, does that mean Yes, we haven't had sex in two years I'm sorry, I'm sorry Mm Oh, God I'm married Oh, God Oh, George Oh! Oh! George! I think I'm still coming My whole body is vibrating like a tuning fork I'm glad I'm not vibrating, but I do feel really good Why couldn't you write your novel? I don't know I just wasn't into it I don't mean to give you advice, but my writing teacher said that you should only write about what you love I'm not a writer, but that's what I try to do when I paint Hm What do you love? I love being a part time private detective I actually solved a case today Then that's what you should write about Want to vaporise some more pot? I want to vaporise you (* Christina Courtin: Hedonistic Paradise) That was lovely, George I know Thank you for being so sweet to me It's not hard to be sweet to you I think that we've entered a third act, despite what Fitzgerald says about there being no second acts in life We were married, divorced, and now lovers Will you throw the fight? (Jonathan) Actually, I kind of like this girl Stella She's sexy as hell, smart, Jewish, has a great vaporiser Sounds like your mother I'd like to try a vaporiser Do you think I blew it by having sex? Do you think I'll lose to Greene? Sal said we weren't supposed to drink or have sex before the fight I want to do what Sal says - Well, I had sex and booze. Who did you have sex with? I can't really say, but I have no regrets It's the first time I haven't had to use Viagra in years Oh, look, it's the losing team We're not supposed to see each other till the fight What, is this a wedding? I can't see you in your dress? Don't be such a frail plant, George Save it for the ring Hoo! (Groans) Hi, Ray Hey, Jonathan Many fighters choose to listen to music before a fight It gets them pumped up I've chosen to listen to your audio book I find it properly enraging, so thank you I have the Viagra bottle, Louis That was a dirty trick you tried to pull You don't read much Machiavelli, do you, Jonathan? There are no dirty tricks, just winning and losing Don't worry, I'm prepared to beat you even playing by the rules Hah (Laughing) (Crowd cheering) GQ! GQ! Edition! Edition! - GQ! GQ! (* Law Of The Least Effort: Lobby Call) Are you going to be all right? Not to worry I'm fighting a masochist He'll be OK OK, look, I'm gonna do the old rope a dope, just like Will Smith in Ali I watched it last night - You mean, like Ali? Yeah, but I didn't see Ali, I saw Will Smith playing Ali Anyway, I'll exhaust this guy by doing rope a dope All right, champ Let's go Ray, kick his ass Come on Let's go! Go, Ray! Come on, man! Remember, hands up Go get him Gentlemen, I want a good, clean fight Protect yourselves at all times Touch gloves Hey, thanks for doing this Represent, baby! - Come on, Ray. Come on, baby! Come on! (Bell dings) Ray! (Both) What the fuck was that? - I'm getting up. Don't Why? Because I don't want you to get hurt I want you in one piece tonight ...four, five... Really? Yes, really eight, nine I do love you, you know Ten! It's over (Bell dings) Hey, man, get up I didn't get hurt yet I I didn't mean to knock you down Oh, crap Yeah, that's not bad Uh, uh, uh, uh Yeah, yeah Oh! Ooh! Holy shit, Stella came I didn't know she was coming - In you go. Huh? Sal, I suddenly feel scared That's normal All fighters are scared But once you get in the ring, you're like a god But I'm agnostic I'll say a prayer for you I want a good, clean fight Touch gloves Go to your corners At the bell, fight (Bell dings) (* LCD Soundsystem: Freakout) Go, Jonathan - Bam, boom! Protect the meat. Your head is the meat Your hands, yeah (George) Come on, come on, buddy I'll say it again, your first novel was amateurish at best Well, you are a lousy critic and a small time blackmailer What do you know? Come on! Yeah! Jab, jab, jab Do yourself and the reading public a favour If you feel the need to write, you can always keep a diary You shut up! The New York Times said my prose was lucid! - Yeah! Whoo hoo hoo hoo! Oh, God, I'm sorry Are you all right? Don't say you're sorry I didn't know The Times liked your work six, seven I must've missed that eight, nine, ten! It's over (Bell dings) Yes! Yes! Whoo! Yeah! (* Junkboy: Lost Parade) You were amazing I'm so proud of you You want to come over tonight and celebrate? I can't I already have a urinary tract infection I always get them after I have sex I don't know why Well, we don't have to have sex We could just hang out No, it would be too frustrating We'll see each other in a week I'll drink a ton of cranberry juice But I have to go now, I'm meeting some friends You were an animal Stella? (* Arling And Cameron: Dirty Robot) (Bell dings) Come on, George No, no low blows, that's a low blow Low blow! - Watch those rabbit punches. Tell him Come on Beautiful, beautiful Quit holding on to me like a little schoolgirl You're holding on to me Everyone can see it's you holding on to me Why are we doing this again? You said my mouth was shaped like the anus of a starfish - (Bell dings) Yes! Yeah Nice, George You're destroying him Holy shit, Edition might beat GQ (George) I know It feels so good, man Keep working your jab Deep breaths, deep breaths You've got him (Mouths) (Woman) Fight back! (Bell dings) Go, George Stay loose, stay loose, champ Touch gloves At the bell, fight This is the round, George This is your round Come on, George Go, George Come on, George You got him George, get up George, get up One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, it's over (Bell dings) Hah! Ah ha ha ha ha! (Laughing) Who's the hermaphrodite now? Who's the hermaphrodite now? You showed a lot of heart, George I think I'm gonna skip out on the post fight drinks This whole violent thing has turned Leah on She wants to have sex tonight It's the first time in weeks That's great, Ray Yeah, thanks Oh, there she is You guys were great tonight - Hm. Huh! What can I tell you, George? It's life, isn't it? It's the law of the jungle It's Darwin Whatever you say, Richard Huh I'll I'll see you around campus OK, champ? (Clicks tongue) (Mouths) Hey, let's get in there one more time Thank you Do you think we learned anything tonight? No But that's OK It's good to stay in the dark about things It keeps life interesting George, I'm glad you're in my life Glad you're in mine, Jonathan Oh, yeah Oh, yeah Come on Yeah - Oh. Yeah, I see. Yeah, that's what it is Oop, I think I got the reach on you there Yeah, that's true But I have the lower centre of gravity (Laughing) It allows me to do things like this Oh, slow down, you little bugger 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 