Bored to Death: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Bored to Death 
 s1e7 - The Case of the Stolen Sperm - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Bored to Death (2009–2011): Season 1, Episode 7 - The Case of the Stolen Sperm - full transcript 
 Concerned over the sudden disappearance of the two lesbians who've been buying his sperm, Ray enlists Jonathan to help track the couple down. Breaking into their apartment, Jonathan learns the pair has flown the coop - but not without leaving behind a clue that both shocks and intrigues Ray. Meanwhile, George ignores Jonathan's warnings by publishing a disparaging editorial about Richard Antrem, sending his publishing rival into a fit of rage at a local watering hole. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (Doorbell buzzes) Oh, hey, Ray Come on up Oh Ow! Sorry, sorry Hi Are you all right? Not really I've got a weird situation going on I've been calling you all morning Sorry My phone's been off - What's the matter? Did you fight with Leah? No Lisa and Michelle, the lesbians I've been donating my sperm to, they've disappeared I'm worried about them Why do you think they've disappeared? I don't know My emails are bouncing back 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Their phones are out of service It's been going on for five days What if they had a car accident? Or they're in a coma? I don't think they would both be in a coma They do everything together - Have you called the local hospitals? I don't know their last names You've been giving them all your sperm for months Yeah, but I'm bad with names Well, they're probably out of town on a trip No, they would have told me We've become very close Look, for years I've been jerking off purely for medicinal reasons, like lancing a wound But trying to have a baby with them has given it new meaning I understand What if something happened to them? What if Michelle wasn't conceiving and they just dumped me? I don't know Where was the last place you saw them? Ozzie's Cafe It's where we did the sperm transfer 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Let's go there Why? In detective novels you always start where the missing person last was - and work your way back. OK You sure you can take a writing break? Yeah, I'm at a really good stopping point Let's go (* Lykke Li: Little Bit) You do all the talking. She doesn't like me - Hi. Hi Can I ask you a few questions? Who are you? My name is Jonathan Ames I'm a private detective You don't look like a cop I'm a private cop You a security guard? Why aren't you wearing your outfit? Private detectives don't wear outfits, OK? Look, do you recognise this man? Yeah, I know him He comes in with a cooler every few days and doesn't order anything I'm an illustrator I'm a little low on money right now You ever see him with two women? Yeah, they were nice They spent money They also had a cooler It was weird Why were you always carrying that thing? I don't mean to be rude, but I was transporting chilled semen Shut up You shut up Look, the two women you saw him with are missing Do you know where they live? I don't know where any of these people live Let me ask you, if you don't know where they live, how do you know they're missing? - That's an excellent point. That's not cute - Hey. Yeah? I've seen them at the food co op You have to be a member to shop there So they'll have their address OK Thank you That's very helpful Sorry, it's all I got I'm kind of a starving artist You look like you eat all right to me I know all the members of the co op, and I can't place a couple named Michelle and Lisa But Park Slope has more lesbians than any other city in the US It's kind of like San Francisco, but for women I love San Francisco The light there is very beautiful Shit You must have seen 'em Michelle is large chested Lisa is very strange She doesn't look at you in the eye She had those tattoos on her neck, the circle thing with a cross going down that stands for vaginas or women's restrooms or something like that You know who he's talking about, don't you? Yeah, I know 'em I've seen that tattoo But their names aren't Michelle or Lisa What are their names? Where do they live? I'm not telling you This is a food co op, OK? People expect privacy. We have ethics here Would, uh - $20 help you with your ethics? Who do you think you are? The people who work here are like family I'm not gonna betray their trust for money Well, I might have something else that interests you I like a man who carries a one hitter (*Television Room: Coffee Houses (House of Hassle)) I can tell that this is good stuff because I'm kind of missing everyone in my life right now but I don't mind, because it's like a beautiful sadness That happens to me too when I'm high I miss everyone and I love everyone When I get high I realise that I clench my anus - That's not healthy. You clench it all the time? Yeah, but smoking helps me unclench it See, that's why pot should be legalised OK, I think this is what you guys are looking for - I've got to get back to work. Yeah Thank you so much I really appreciate it I was worried about them We're trying to have a baby together Yeah, thank you And if you see them again, please give me a call Or call me if you want some more of this pot The guy I deal with is very organic and hydroponic Thanks, yeah We should definitely smoke again sometime I just ordered this vaporiser The Volcano They use it on cancer patients in Germany Great It's really healthy It's what Woody Harrelson uses (Rings doorbell) Why would they give me false names? I had a crush on a Michelle, not a Margaret That co op girl was really cute I think she kind of liked me I think she liked your pot She liked me And my pot OK, they're not answering Now what? (Man) Hello Yes, building inspector. I need to be buzzed in Go fuck yourself (Woman) Hello Uh, yeah, it's, uh, uh, UPS I have that thing you ordered - (Door buzzes) Nice I can pick the lock Why didn't you use that out front? Well, it's a little conspicuous And I'm so stoned I forgot that I had it Voila Yeah, they definitely skipped town, all right OK, I'll check the kitchen for clues You check the bathroom and bedroom What are you gonna do, find a turkey baster with fingerprints on it? - Man, I don't know. Just what detectives do We gotta case the joint, follow protocol The only thing I found in the refrigerator was this unopened kombucha I can't believe they left it behind - This stuff's really expensive. Look what I found Lady shaving cream I could use some of this stuff for my neck under my beard I usually use soap It looks like shit I'm glad I found this I've got really bad dry mouth What's this? Oh, there are papers in here Why do I always believe the labels on this health food stuff? I think the writers they use are really good, very convincing There's nothing with a forwarding address I really just wanted to get Michelle pregnant and make her happy Why don't you just try with Leah? Because she doesn't want any more kids If she did, she wouldn't want any with me - Why not? Because I'm broke She's giving me an allowance I can hardly pay for all the DVDs I've been buying How much allowance is she giving you? Well, more than the two girls, but they're four and six - Look at this. Hm - Look at this, something with my name on it. Let me see this Beth Handler and Annie Sklaver, Tavia O'Neal and Shelby Hernandez, Dawn Miller and Samantha Bryant There must be 30 couples on there, all female 500 bucks They've been selling my sperm Oh, shit, you're right (Door slams) Let's get out of here We'll study this stuff later I have to have dinner with George in the city Why are they selling my sperm? What are you doing in this apartment? Call the super We have intruders - No, no, no. Everything's OK We're not doing anything - I'm Jewish. Call 911! Get out of my way! Ow, my knee! Hey! Oh God, I twisted my knee - Run! What? - Jonathan. Suzanne Why are you running down the street? Ah, well, it's crazy But it's not my fault Ray got in trouble with some Hasids Then he hurt his knee And they called 911 on us No one's ever called 911 on me It's very scary What are you talking about? Are you stoned? (Dog whines) No Hey, who's this? Hi I didn't know you had a dog What's his name? Philip I got him to get over you You replaced me with a little white dog named Philip? Yeah But you could have held on to me I'm not neutered. I don't beg for food. I don't have to be walked - You're obviously stoned and I... Jonathan! We've gotta go Those Hasids got a good look at us Let's go OK, one second One second, Ray Bye, Jonathan Here Suzanne, wait Wait, wait, wait You forgot these Well, I fucked things up with her again At least you're consistent (* M Ward: Rave On) So you think that these women are selling Ray's sperm on some kind of, what, lesbian black market? Yes, he may have as many as 30 children You know something? I envy him I always wanted a big family, to be a patriarch like Tolstoy I sometimes do wonder if I have children out there that I don't know about I had a lot of one night stands in the '70s And in the '80s Also the '60s Jesus, I've been fucking forever - I was conceived in the late '70s. Ah! (Bartender) Excuse me, Mr Christopher A note for you - Oh, crap. Hm? (Sighs) Antrem wants us to join him for a drink When did he ooze in here? - I don't know, but he's with Louis Greene. That guy wrote a really bad review of my novel Little bastard Well, come on, let's face these assholes, shall we? George, why are you and Antrem such enemies? Well, I think it's because he's in love with me, which is why he hates me It's why he married my second wife Priscilla, so he could be close to me and yet crush me - Thank you. You ready? Yeah (* Andre Williams: Jivin' Around) George, sit down, won't you? Have a seat, please Sorry, we have dinner reservations - We're just taking off. What a shame Hi, it's Louis Greene It's an honour to meet you, sir It's Jonathan Ames Lovely to see you How are you, Jonathan? - Hello, Louis. - Oh, you two know each other? Sure Louis reviewed my novel in Slate. I believe the headline was "Next time, Jonathan, try writing with both hands" (Laughs) That's a good line What's it mean? That I was masturbating while typing My mother read that review Well, think of it this way at least your novel produced one memorable phrase I happened to write it (Laughs) George, sit down, please There's something I need to tell you Please I don't know if you know this, but Molly Brooks has been a widow for a few months now You should call her Priscilla thinks it's a great idea What are you talking about? Molly's in her early 70s George, you can't keep dating women half your age forever Priscilla's worried about you being alone What if you slip in the shower, break a hip? Is this what you wanted to talk about? No, that's just the personal stuff Listen, I need to give you a heads up We're gonna be doing a coffee table book with Random House I'm doing all the writing It is an update of your old guide What You Need to Know New York - Ours is called What You Need to Know Now. Now If they're doing an update, why didn't they come to me? They must have heard that Edition might be going under No, that is not true Well, that's good news What a relief I had read that Edition had to reduce its page count by 15 per cent That's it We're out of here Jonathan, are you working on a new book? Yes, I am And it's coming along really well Good I look forward to reading it then George, I'll email you Molly's number No, no, no, no, no What? (Leah) Ray, how can you just sit there? This is serious Those women stole your DNA Who cares? Let's just pretend it never happened Whoosh See? I've forgotten already Let's smoke some pot or something No, I want you to do something about this Oh, we're gonna do something about this What are you gonna do? Call the cops and tell them my DNA was sold at a pawnshop? You don't need the cops You've got me Now I think we should track down all the women on this sheet and see if any of them know anything that could lead us to Lisa and Michelle Yeah I did that already No one is listed in the phone book They all have cellphones I don't even know why they make phone books any more I think the two of you should go door to door and hunt these criminals down I can't believe they did this to you I feel like I've been robbed But it's my sperm Yeah, but your sperm is my sperm - Really? Yes I guess I should get my sperm stolen more often What do you think, Jonathan? I think they never should have messed with my friend's semen (* The Explorers Club: Forever) I can't believe I fired 30 blanks I'm a sterile loser It's because I smoke too much pot - The government was right. You're not a loser The cooler probably didn't freeze the sperm right, OK? Look, there's still one couple left out in Ditmas Park We can go there tomorrow (Phone) Shit, it's my editor Hello Caroline How are you? I'm good I just wanted to check in You're only a month away from your deadline How's the work coming? Uh, well, very good The, uh, narrator is going through a lot of emotional pain and mental pain Why? I thought it was a comedy about one man's failed journey through the Kama Sutra Well, the failure is upsetting to him Oh, OK, that sounds good You know, I was looking at this Kama Sutra stuff on the internet for the book jacket and I have to say I was very aroused My husband was a terrific lover before he died, but I have to say, there were some things we definitely did not try Um, that's wonderful, Caroline (Beeping) Honey, I've got another call I'll talk to you later Big kiss, mwah OK, mwah (Sighs) I'm doomed My novel's due in a month and I only have one sentence And I don't even like it Even that building is laughing at me Do you think the architect purposely made it look like a gigantic cock? Yes To humiliate me - George. Yeah Sorry I couldn't get here sooner I was out all day helping Ray Yeah, come here, come here Sit down Read this Tell me what you think It's this week's editorial I've got to email that in The deadline was half an hour ago So hurry up George, this is too much You'll be sued (Laughs) "Richard Antrem has the brainpower of someone with tertiary syphilis, "the penis of a hermaphrodite and the moral judgment of a subnormal pinhead" You can't publish this as an editorial Why not? It's all true But it's libel, slander And it's really long Did you write all of this today? I haven't written this much in months Yeah, well, it's easy when you're inspired Keep reading (Laughs) OK, George, you can't do this You say that he has a mouth like the anus of a starfish and that he's been suspected of plagiarism his whole career Yeah, so let him try to prove any of it's untrue George, do you remember when you told me that I needed to be sane when you were insane? No, I don't remember What's the matter with you? This is gonna be a great issue My editorial and the comic that you did with Ray George, I know that Antrem torments you, but you attack GQ, calling it a women's magazine I've had it, really Seriously, I can't take it any more They guy's like a classic playground bully And you know how you deal with bullies? Tell the teacher? - No, no. You fight back You kick 'em in the balls George, publishing this is something he would do No, no, it's not It wouldn't be as well written And Send Maybe it's best that I'm sterile Don't say that I'd make a lousy father anyway I wouldn't be able to tell a child all the lies you need to feed them Like what? Like 18 years of school is fun, and that crushing your spirit to fit in with the rest of the world is a good thing I don't know I'd like to have a kid someday Except I'd worry about that soft spot on top of their head I'd want them to wear a bicycle helmet all the time Wait, soft spot? What's a soft spot? The soft spot, it's like a It's a very dangerous part on top of a baby's head If you touch on it it can go right to the brain Yeah I'll do all the talking (Knocks on door) - Yes? Renee Dalton? Who's asking? My name is Jonathan Ames I'm a private detective I'm sorry, what do you want? My associate and I have reason to believe that you may have been sold illegally obtained sperm We'd like to ask if you know the whereabouts of the people who sold you sperm? And are you pregnant? Um How did you get my name? From the apartment of two women known to us as Lisa and Michelle, real names Margaret Duckett and Ellen Willis My associate actually is the man whose sperm was stolen by these two What's going on? Who are you? - I'm Jonathan Ames. I'm a private detective. Show me some identification Well, I'm not officially a private detective, but I do have a New Jersey driver's licence Right, let's go in the house They're here about the sperm we used - It came from him. Hi They know Lisa and Michelle Are you telling me I'm pregnant with this guy's baby? (Both) You're pregnant? It's very early We're not telling anyone Yeah You're pregnant That is so exciting - That's great that you're pregnant. This is bullshit We're very happy This is what we wanted Hey, hey, hey, what do you do? The donor was supposed to be a mathematics PhD from Stanford I went to the University of Albany. I studied art I'm a cartoonist Are you at least a vegan? We were told the donor would have very little mercury in his sperm Well, I eat fish And I eat a lot of meat A lot of meat But I've had two colonics Oh my God, you were supposed to be a vegan with an average build I do have an average build I don't believe this I feel like Mia Farrow in Rosemary's Baby Oh, sweetheart, it's not that bad OK, you two get off my porch, or I'll call 911 - No, no, no, don't call 911. I hate 911 Look, you should be happy Ray is a great guy, he's a wonderful friend and I'm sure he has incredible DNA I do have good DNA There's Crohn's disease on my mom's side, but Don't ever contact us again You're to have nothing to do with this child. Come on - I am so sorry. Renee - Find me on Facebook. Renee I'm having a baby The mother of my child hates me It's kind of one of these Papa (Bonnie) Get off my porch To your first collaboration And to not being sterile To having a child with a woman who hates me Here's to being just like my own father Nice editorial, George I can't stand Antrem I liked that line about the starfish anus I just report what I see, gentlemen (Laughter) I challenge this man! To what, Richard? Arm wrestling? A spelling bee? When I was at Oxford on my Rhodes Scholarship, we would have settled this in the ring, Queensberry rules I challenge you to a boxing match, you old piece of shit I don't mind saying that was a horrible piece of writing, Mr Christopher I mean, it was indulgent and cowardly Louis, just stay out of it I I've known you for 25 years, Antrem, and I've wanted to hit you for 25 years I happily accept your challenge And so do I I I'll fight Louis Say, "I accept" I I accept Whoa, whoa, whoa, What about me? I want to fight Can I get in on this? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 