Jungletown: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Jungletown 
 s1e7 - Fall from Eden - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Jungletown (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Fall from Eden - full transcript 
 Inspiration week is over, and some interns don't return. Accusations fly about whether or not they are living a lie. Other interns help Jimmy realize his Master Plan. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Wow. Some people are on their hands and knees crawling with hot wax on their back while some people are partying. Victoria: I'm over being used. I don't want to just sit back and watch Kalu Yala taking advantage of these students and strip them of their money, their knowledge, and everything they have. They're children who are signing things without reading them, and so we need to take care of that as the adults is what you're saying. Man: Yeah. Knows they're not getting a dollar back. Steph is talking about kicking you 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and Melanie out of the program If you're not back in the valley by 9 a.m. tomorrow, I would consider that a very real possibility. And they say don't ever walk alone. You should never walk that track alone. Ever. It's a dangerous area. Suicide Hill is the worst part. I've never experienced anything like this before. She has a look on her face and I'm like, "Don't worry I have my knife." I have my knife in my hand more times than not. Melanie: The other thing is we got either fed shark -- shark. Like, shark. Or that we were about to get fed shark. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Shark. Shark. They are really good at covering things up. 11 or 12 people have left this semester. People are still leaving. And people are still leaving. ** Hey, gang, some really quick announcements. Number one, welcome back! [ Cheers and applause ] Is this -- Where is -- Where is everyone? - Good morning. - Good morning, darling. We're going to go back to Kalu Yala, 'cause we need to find out more. Over this week, we've managed to do a bit of research. I don't think that we're necessarily a cult. I think that there's definitely some sort of manipulation of, like, behavior happening within Kalu Yala. I just feel mentally unstable in the valley. There's definitely some shit going on, but the end of the day, I want a letter of recommendation from John, and to take as much knowledge as I can from him, so... Purely selfish, but that's important to me, and it's going to get me to good places in my life. And I need Alice to be on my side because I need my college instructors to approve everything that I'm doing, and if I leave, then I don't get credit. I still haven't had her do that. The minute that happens, I'm just so done. I'm obviously going to use this time to work on the projects, but I'm also going to use it to actually figure out what the hell is going on. It's just -- It's manipulation above all things. That's what it is. We're all being manipulated to fuck. Everybody here is creating chocolate. So, I'm trying to think outside of the box. I am making cranberry hibiscus chips, and I'm using kale chip recipes. These are full of vitamin C and all kinds of antioxidants, and cranberry is good for your urinary tract. I'm craving sugar all the time, and I love these things, and I was like, "How can I incorporate the two?" So, I decided to come up with cranberry hibiscus chips, and then hopefully sell it out of our little general store. All right. All right. I am one of the founders of La Tenda, the first revenue-generating storefront here in Kalu Yala. [ Indistinct conversations ] My extent of cooking is box brownies, so this will be interesting. I took on a job in corporate America, but I wasn't' the happiest that I knew I could be because of my background. I come from a family of entrepreneurs, and the last year of my life has been crazy. I started feeling this energy that came over me, and it was overwhelming. I said, "Mom." She said, "What's going on?" I said, "I feel someone else's energy, Mom." She wasn't responding to me, and I looked over and I saw a tear drop fall from underneath her sunglasses, and I said, "You know something I don't know." "You have a sister, Taylor. You have a sister, and I don't know how the hell you know that." It was a secret they never told a soul. I just nodded my head and smiled really big, and she said, "We've got to tell your father." He was 19 when he had Ellen, and he wasn't ready. Me and my sister, we met at a restaurant. I walked in, and I had never even seen a photo of her before, but I knew it was her as soon as I saw her sitting at the table. I saw myself in her. So, I've learned that I am wildly intuitive, so when I received a phone call from a good friend, and she described Kalu Yala to me, and I'm sitting in my cubicle at work ripping my hair out, I took a leap into the unknown and moved seven hours away from everybody, and everything I had ever known. - What is in the box? - We've got food for La Tenda. The goods. We got the goods. It's my first experience with starting my own business, and granted it's on a really small scale, but La Tenda has been a huge success. [ Indistinct conversations ] Wait! Snickers almond. I changed my mind. We sold out of our initial investment within 20 minutes. I just handed the profits over to Esteban. I need my wallet! $120 profit. That money, we hope, is going to go back to interns in providing materials and ingredients for developing sustainable items to help make this place a closed-loop system. The only complaint we're really getting is, "Oh, this is a sustainable city, and you're bringing in all these wrappers." So, now we're implementing these plastic bricks, and we're also buying things in larger -- Like, we bought -- We have this thing of trail mix, and so, we're serving it in bamboo cups that we made, but it helps with sustainability, because you're not buying individually packaged trail mix. ** Victoria: Alice told us if we weren't here by 9 a.m. this morning, that we were going to be kicked out of the program, and the rain has kind of put a halt on our plan to get there, so now we're just hanging out in San Miguel waiting for the rain to stop. We told Alice, but she doesn't really -- Woman: She hasn't check the messages, yeah. I feel like we're treated like four year olds, almost, because we haven't dranken the Kool-Aid, or whatever. We haven't what? Dranken the Kalu Yala Kool-Aid. I'm going to go in there, and if they try to say they want to kick me out, I'm going to quit before they're able to, because I need to have control over this one. I can't let them have any more control over me. I'm excited to feel out the mood of the valley, see where everyone's head space is at. I had a lot of stuff mentally -- Oh, sorry. If it's personal, you don't need to talk about it. I just know -- Everyone seems to have a different story. I don't know if I'm staying or leaving. You've got three weeks left. I know, and that's what I'm holding onto. You are never going to regret staying. There is a huge chance that you are going to regret leaving. Yeah. I don't ever think it's a bad thing to question, because that means you're thinking about it. Sometimes people that ask the tough questions are looked at as, like... you're fighting the system, but really, like, this is your money, and you should feel comfortable with where your money is being spent, and the time that is being spent here, and I really hope that you find those answers. Let's get you to the valley. Yeah, definitely. Um, we can try to fit that bag in here. We? I mean, you're right next to it. Come on, girl! All right, I think this will fit. Simon: $20 sunglasses! $20! You can use them if your eyes hurt. You can use them, uh, you know, sometimes when -- Yeah, you can just use them for sunglasses stuff. They're great. Woman: You're a great salesman Simon. Traditional Kuna Yala design. Sunglasses, Molly. Just look at the state of affairs. Look at this. These would look great on your face. I do need some new sunglasses, too. And they're only $20. What's the U.V. protection? Normally, they have stickers on. Sunglasses -- $20. They're great. Go to a great cause. You don't know that they're sunglasses -- [ Speaking inaudibly ] All profits go to La Tenda! ** They look great on your face. Look it. Look it. Boom! I go from a 10 to an 11. It's great! ** - Welcome home! -Hey. -You made it. [ Indistinct conversations ] Man: Good to have you back. Ashleigh: It's good to be back, I think. Yeah. I don't know if I should go find Esteban or if I should go find Alice. I want to take control back, and if they're threatening to kick me out or discipline me, I'm ready to go on my own. I want to go on my own account. Ugh! ** I did notice. Everyone's been talking about it. Everyone is very aware of our absence. Yeah? And regardless of what you guys feel you need to do, and you know I will support you through any of it, I have chosen to stay. I figured. I owe it to myself to be able to finish my time here in a way that is positive while I'm looking at it from the inside. It's really a shame that the place I fell in love with, initially, turned out to be less than I thought it was. - I get it. - Yeah, it is. - Damn, you look swanky. - Hello. You look very fashionable right now. [ Laughter ] Lovely. Cold plus mold equals jungle pants. So, do you guys want to talk to Alice? I intend on having a very civil conversation, making my thoughts clear, trying to be positive about this whole situation. Yeah, we have to go talk to Alice. - For hours. - Can we go up? Can I bring this back to you, in case this goes out? Can we go up the other way, which is less muddy? Mm-hmm. Please. I've yet to hear a good excuse as to why it took until Wednesday evening to make it out here. When I see that we're not striving towards being a sustainable, modern town, I'm out. [ Voice breaking ] I'm not going to sit here and let them talk to me like that. ** Sarah, you're doing this. You made it happen. You know. Camp Kalu Yala! Camp Kalu Yala! Woot! Woot! Yeah, I'm pretty excited. You had this idea, like, Day 2. [ Speaks indistinctly ] I did, yeah. Sarah: So, I said what I wanted to do was do, like, a camp-type thing where the kids from San Miguel get to come and experience Kalu Yala, doing hands-on activities with the interns, with the directors first-hand. ** [ Child cooing ] I know Kalu Yala's really adamant about whatever they do is building the relationship between Kalu Yala and San Miguel. No. Go fish. Mm-hmm. People have been trying to bring students in San Miguel to the valley so many times, so I hope she can pull it off. One, two, three, four, five... Six. Six. I'm the teacher in the American school system, and I'm just really frustrated with it. ** Vegas is home, so I'll always love it because of that, but I've never really connected with it too much, especially the strip. It's a lot of superficial, materialistic ideas that I just don't agree with. So, we're starting to get into kind of the not-so-good area, which is where my school is. We're a title-1 school. The kids are very centered around money, because that's what they see as a way of being successful. One kid was like, "Wouldn't that be cool if it rained money?" And I was so taken back by it, and I was like, "No, it's cool that it rains rain!" It's just scary to think that seven- and eight-year-olds are already seeing money as something a lot more important than happiness or experience. Poverty is different here in San Miguel than it is back home. To them, it's not poverty. They don't see themselves as having less than what they should, it just... is. Oh, my God. They're so skinny. Hi! [ Whistles ] There's no, "Well, I want a phone, and I want a nice car." They don't have those thoughts here, and they're happy. It's beautiful. Esteban: Sarah has this ability to see the educational system from this vantage point of someone who's been in education. I am so excited that you had an idea and made it happen. It's amazing. We've been trying to do a Camp Kalu Yala for years. It's super important to have San Miguel kids coming to Kalu Yala. San Miguel shouldn't be this, like, rest stop leaving the valley. It's super important to have Kalu Yala staff go to San Miguel. [ All cheering ] And then we have Jamieson. He was this hot shot consultant at Ernst & Young. For him to go overnight with a family, with our friends from San Miguel -- Every weekend should look like this weekend. No, no, no! Gracias. Muchas, muchas gracias. Jamieson: I have some groceries for them. I'm going to make them a strawberry shortcake, which I thought was, like, an American dessert, to share, and try to speak Spanish. ** [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Laughter ] [ Indistinct conversations ] Jhonny? Woman: Cereal. Boys: Cereal and milk. Cereal. Cereal and milk. Cereal and milk. [ Laughter ] All: Ohh! - Yeah. - Yeah. [ Indistinct conversations ] Sarah: It's been great. They went on a hike with biology. They planted some spinach with ag. I think they're realizing how hard people work here, and they were expecting it to be a lot more relaxed and laid back. "Let's play in the jungle." She's pretty quiet. Yeah? So, I think it's cool that she came over here on her own and wanted to learn. That's -- Yeah, I love it! [ Chuckles ] Gracias, amiga. ** [ Laughs ] [ Indistinct conversations ] Gracias. It radiates the warmth that I kind of expected, and only confirms that they're amazing people, right? [ Indistinct conversations ] ** Sarah: It's everything I thought it would be and more. Obviously, they're going to have a great time here, but what are they learning, and how are they going to bring that back home, and how are we going to maintain that? [ Indistinct conversations ] [ Indistinct conversations ] That's a wrap on Camp Kalu Yala. I say big success. ** [ Grunts, laughs ] When I came here, I was hoping that I would find something here that would make me want to stay, and I ended up falling in love with San Miguel. I love the community, and I love Kalu Yala, but it literally, like, rips me to pieces thinking of my kids back home who I feel like aren't being given an opportunity. Then, whenever I started thinking about how sad I was leaving the kids here, I also remembered every semester there's a new batch of education interns who are just as passionate for making the lives of these kids better, and who want to make a difference in the community. I think that what we're doing at Kalu Yala is very important. We're given an environment where we have the freedom to be creative and be curious and be experimental with our ideas, and that's something that we're not providing with the kids back home. I don't know what I'm doing when I go home, but I know that it's going to be something with education. I'm really going to push to do what I can to make a change, because they deserve it. You've got a couple of interns who are leaving the program. Melanie: It's a shame that I didn't get to say goodbye to him. I don't think anybody saw him leave. I think that there's probably a correlation between people who leave and people who didn't have much [ Indistinct conversations ] Welcome back ladies. How are you? It's been a day. Yeah. I apologize for the overrunning days. It wasn't any, like, disrespect, and I didn't intend for that to be the case. We also have something to say and we put forward and have been considered that we could've possibly been fed shark meat, and -- I'm sorry. There's no correlation... I -- No, no, no, no, no. But -- But -- ...between the rumor of shark meat being fed... There's -- There's -- There is a correlation. But there is. But, like -- But -- and you guys not showing up until Wednesday evening. Alice. Alice. What the fuck are you guys going to do when you have jobs one day? Alice. Alice, it was raining today. We woke up at 5:00 in the morning to be here at 9:00. You guys were supposed to be here Sunday night. And we -- I have yet to hear a good excuse as to why it took you guys until Wednesday evening to make it out here. I would be happy to sit here and explain to you the reasons why I wasn't here for the past couple of days, okay. I was exhausted. I had been -- We had been working all week on our projects. On top of that, we found out that Kalu Yala's removed the sustainability tag for the project as a whole. It's now not known as the world's most sustainable village online. I'm sorry. Repeat that. I didn't -- They're not aiming to be the world's most sustainable modern town anymore. They removed that. This is supposed to be a facilitator between point "A" of the degree that I have. The reasons why I came here was to help -- become part of a sustainable town. Okay, you know what's going to help that facilitation even more? Having good recommendations from the institute that you were working with. I don't think that I want to be associated with this institution anymore. So... that's me being done. [ Voice breaking ] I am so done with it. ** I'm not going to sit here and let them talk to me like that, and I'm not going to be treated like that. I'm done. Once again, it's turned on us, and we're made to feel like we did something wrong once again when this place is wrong. This whole place is wrong. ** [ Indistinct conversations ] Discuss the shark thing, because that actually precipitated a lot for a few people. Esteban: Yeah. So, I'm just going to clear the air for the entire community at lunch. Can you also, if you're making this announcement and then leaving, which would be wonderful, say also, "Hey, our website used to say world's most modern sustainable town." And that we can't say that in good conscience, because we have plastic and trash. Because everyone has been like, "What about the change on the website?" Yeah. [ Speaks indistinctly ] You know what the change on the website does? - Makes it more -- Yeah. -Yep. Yep. -We're being more like, "All right, let's stop patting ourselves on the back." Right. Yeah. [ Speaks indistinctly ] This is what you want. You want the change in the website. - Yeah. -I'll deliver that. - Great. [ Indistinct conversations ] So, I just wanted to clarify a couple of things that have been going around. One is very specific. Who's heard about the shark-meat incident? Okay. Basically, because there are so many different types of fish out there, people end up passing off certain species of fish as others, right? This is something most of you are probably familiar with. At no fault of our own, people might be capturing other species of fish and passing it off as snapper, because there is a market for snapper, and they go out, and they catch something, potentially like a shark, and then that gets passed off as snapper along the chain. What could have happened in one incident here -- Potentially something like shark might have been passed on as snapper to our distributor. Just -- Let's clarify that. It was snapper. I'm the one that bought it. Okay. I saw it. It was snapper. Okay, thank you. It was snapper. There we go. But, why we're having this conversation is because not so much because whether it was snapper or shark, it's like, "Hey, do these guys even care if it was shark or not?" I think that's what we need to get at. Yes, first of all, we absolutely do. So, don't think, like, anyone's just like, "Oh, sweet! Shark meat!" That's something that, I know, personally, as a conservationist, I take very seriously, and I know that the rest of the staff does, too, okay? But we've also recognized that we had to re-calibrate, redefine our expressed vision, so we changed the wording on our website away from kind of the "We're trying to build the world's most modern sustainable town." The new writing is "A hidden village in the middle of the jungle." And, the website says nothing about sustainability anymore. I checked the other day. We're still 100% on the sustainability train. It's not like, "Oh, you know what? We tried the sustainability thing. Fuck it." We're still very much on the same trajectory. Does everybody understand that we are 100% still on the sustainability train? It's still our thing. It's never going to change. When I see that we're not doing that, that we're not striving for being a sustainable modern town, I'm out. Thanks guys. [ Applause ] [ Indistinct conversations ] There's a lot of inertia that's pulling this place back into just becoming whatever Jimmy's version of a shitty suburb is. Alice: You guys are adults. We're not going to go have you sit in time-out. ** You want to jump in the sound booth for a few minutes? Yeah, I was about to ask. So, what's up? What's the word? What are some thoughts you're having? As much as whatever happened happened, we are all here for a reason. Not only are we paying to be here, but we genuinely want to be here. And so, that in itself should be taken seriously. At times, you know, there's things that we said that were emotional, specifically, that expulsion thing. Alice: You guys are adults. We're not going to have you go sit in time-out. I want my students to know that their absence is recognized. Their presence is missed. Like, it just isn't the best way to communicate to emotional people. That happened. We can move forward. All we want to do is love you, and help you run this place, so... Love and care for me. Love and care for me. - We love you! -We love you! - All right, see you, guys. - Good vibes. Good vibes. - Bye. -Bye. Melanie: That was a really emotional moment. I feel better about things, and I'm glad everyone's, like, kind of on the same page. I think I'm more understood, but I'm probably... gonna... stay. - You are? - She is. Keep the positive vibes, man. [ Laughs ] Positive vibrations. Man: Have a great day, kids. [ Indistinct conversations ] Who's excited for the day? Raise your hand. Woman: Yeah! ** Are you ready to shurette the shit out of this? [ Laughing ] Woman: The architect and Jimmy are rolling up. - Oh. Oh, hello. - Oh, hi! Buenoz diez. Sorry to be late. I hate to be rude. I want to go ahead and introduce Ricardo Arosemena, his associate Tony Way. Ricardo and his firm are probably the best architects in Panama. Ricardo and Tony will help guide us and tell what the day is going to look like. Then we will do a quick site walk just so these guys can feel the site that goes with all the talk. We've taken it as far as we can take it with our skills, and I think at this point, we've got to test how that translates into a master plan that's workable. So, we have a couple big, major trees. There's a couple in the farm, so those we want to keep as icons in the town. Jimmy: Yeah. We talked a lot about alleys, and wanting to make this place more pedestrian. - Mm-hmm. - We loved that -- What do you call these? The green pavers? The, like, brick grass. But that cars can also drive down them, and they're good for all the rain that we have here. Mm-hmm. And those are the most beautiful streets. Everybody wants to walk on them. Totally pedestrian. What does that look like? You know, I guess that's the next step. We'll go on a walking tour. We're in the jungle, baby. If we go that way, we got two huge holding tanks over there. What's the name of that river? The little one? The Iguana. The Iguana is down there. It goes up there. And then to Topo shifts and goes like this. This is one of those trees that's marked as a specimen tree, and then this is one of the drio royos here. This is greenhouse and market garden. The Arroyo is on the other side of that finger. That's one of those trees we were talking about. Then you've got that drop, and then you've got the flat area below it. You can see it's just got a little edge to it, but as you get close to the tree you can see the little rise start to take off. Then you've got this area up here. Then you've got this flat area down there. Like, you can drive a car up right here, Ricardo. There's been a lot of pressure issues with our water line. Let's get a demonstration. [ Indistinct conversations ] Water pressure if we take this spigot... - That's good. - That's pretty normal. Woman: It's a little low, though, isn't it? It's supposed to be higher. It used to be below the first branch. Aah! [ Indistinct conversations ] That was fun. [ Laughter ] Hey, it's hot outside, man. Feel better? ** What else, gentlemen? Get to work. Drawing boards? All right, we're going to drawing boards now. We've got to have 15 classrooms that can hold 15 people each. Got to have an auditorium that can hold 200 people. And then we've got to have administration offices for 30 people. Ricardo: At first, it's going to be confusing. It's confusing for everybody, but we'll just start generating work, and by the end of tomorrow, I think we'll all be amazed at what has come out. Maybe this porch is built, like, right along -- Architecture is about drawing. It's not so much about speaking. We can talk and talk and talk, but then at the end, it has to be in paper. If you can't put it on paper, it means, you know, you can't make it work. Exactly. Yeah, absolutely. This is where you feel like you're in the heart of the town. I, for one, would like to see main street be what will take you from there, all the way deep into Kalu Yala. Jimmy: It's more like an avenue centrale or something like that? Yes. Well, that's beautiful. I like the way you do perspective and plan. Woman: What is it? It's a nice format. The blocks here would be mixed use. They'd have maybe commercial spaces where there'd be a bar, a café, a restaurant, some different shops. Jake: I think there's a lot of inertia that's pulling this place back into just becoming a shitty suburb, or whatever Jimmy's version of a shitty suburb is. There's a balance that I think can easily sway either way right now. There's definitely a push and pull between ecological, sustainable, intentional actions here, and pretty but useless structures. Jimmy: Any last things for Ricardo and Tony before they take off? All: Thank you. Yeah, thank you is a good one. - Thank you. - Our pleasure. Yeah, thank you for letting us come in. It was super fun, and come visit us in Casco. Tomorrow, Ronnie, I guess, is going to pick you guys up. All you guys are going to get to the city, go to the presentation tomorrow at the Bristol. So, with that, we done! All right, thanks guys! ** Cahill: I really took inspiration week as a week to be inspired, and really think about, fundamentally, why I came here, and what I wanted to do, but I have just got to go. It sounds kind of crazy, but, you know, it's like I'm 20, I want to go live in the Caribbean for the next three weeks, and experience the world. It maybe a little selfish, but sometimes you need to be a little selfish in life. To be honest, the reason why I'm leaving is that I broke my sandal. That was the sign for me, and just mental premonitions, where I was at in my head, everything going on internally, that's what did it for me. It just clicked. I literally haven't told anybody. - We found it here. - Deep fry it! - Someone pass me a plate. - Wow, that looks crispy and nice. -Do it! I'm alone here at Kalu Yala. You have all these loving, caring people. It's bittersweet. ** Cahill: I just feel like I've grown here so much, but I'm ready to grow more, and I have to grow on my own path. I have to find my own way out into the world. [ Indistinct conversations ] - Where's Cahill at? - He walked out. What time was it? Early. Melanie: So, Shane and I didn't get to say goodbye to him. He got out without really anyone knowing. I don't think anybody saw him leave. No, man, but, you know, that way you know and then you -- He had a time to think for himself yesterday and decided, and I think it's good that he stuck to his guns with that. At the end of the day, everyone is following their own path. I'm sad, yeah. Yeah. I liked Cahill and his good vibes. ** Dah, dah, dah. We've got a couple of interns who are leaving the program. Cahill is one of them, and then two others I don't know. I'm interested to see about how far along their personal projects are. I think that there's probably a correlation between people who leave and people who didn't have much to show for their time here, I would guess. [ Laughs ] I don't have the data yet, but that's the thesis that I'm thinking about. Yeah, me, too. [ Man speaking indistinctly ] Nothing like working the bonnie air. A lot of people have had some really strong doubts, and for -- I don't know. For me, this is my new heaven. This is where I know I'm supposed to be right now. So, our tilapia pond, we're going to feed the humans the fish, and then we'll be taking the refuse from the humans and feeding that back to the farm. So, it should be a good closed-loop system. Get it really close to one side. It's cylindrical. Woman: It is what I want to do, like, for the rest of my life. This is really me starting to get into that. I mean, it's why I'm here at the end of the day, so I'm just pumped to be doing it. [ Chuckles ] Trying to sort our food from the local environment. Yeah. Brrrr! Brrrr! We gonna have some fishies! Jon: I mean, aquaculture can be a very efficient system. It will water the farm. It will also add more nutrients to the farm, and come store it during the dry season. And then that way we can actually grow more things. We've got one with tilapia in it already. I'm going to turn that into a breeder pond. Hey, and you're supposed to hold it -- The reel is supposed to be down. It'll work out. ** Here. Just wait for the big one on the bottom. There'll be a big one. Simon: I've always been, like, a big outdoorsman. Catching tilapia. I went to Montana State because I was a fly fisherman. I'm a huge conservationist, extreme conservation, basically just keeping the fish alive so other people can catch the fish. Your boy's got the game, and Simon is the name. There we go! There he is! There he is! - There's the big guy! - There's the big guy! - Awesome! -That's awesome! - That's a male -- All: No! Simon: Grab it! Grab it! Grab it! Grab it! No! Fuck! I think that school in general is fantasy land. This place is a lot better education system than America's. You got to be a fucking man sometimes and jump in the puddle. Everyone is a product of their environment, and my environment, I feel, is a lot different than most of everyone's here. ** I've always been around a very conservative community. A lot of people go to church. There's this one church that we go to that's really big, and it's really awesome, and our pastor preaches to you, and it's very inspiring. I have a lot of guns, and I shoot a lot of guns. Fun gun. That one's fun. - Oh, yeah. Me and my dad are actually members of this gun club. You have to be an NRA member. And we'll just go shooting or whatever. I like them. I like my constitutional rights, and I like America. I've really never even traveled out of the country by myself. Cheers, mate. I didn't think I was going to build as close of relationships with a lot of the people that I have here. We don't have the same backgrounds, and we're from different places, and they have different political views, and they have different religious views and stuff, different spirituality like I've never been around in my life, but I think here, we're all very accepting of each other. - Hey! Hey! - What's up, ladies? It's weird coming together and talking to people about that, because even though I may not convince them of my views, they may not convince me of their views, the intention of our conversations is just to, like, educate each other, and share interesting stuff about both sides of the spectrum, and it's very healthy for me. I think that's part of the reason that has helped me grow so much here, just being around different people. I drank the Kool-Aid. [ Chuckles ] Joined the hippie commune. - Simon! - What? These are great sunglasses. We've also got snacks! ** They're going to run out quick! Cahill: The hashtag was WeAreBuilding. I expected to go down there and build. Jake: If this place becomes something beautiful, I think Jimmy should take minimal credit. You get over all that bullshit ** 6:15. You know, eventually at Kalu Yala, you get over all that bullshit about, like, everything needing to be organic. Hey. Hey. Oh, he wants to go for a walk. The idea, design, and particularly, leading groups in design efforts, and then teaching and learning and seeing where people's passions are, this is what I started Kalu Yala for. It's just the best work I get the chance to do, to talk and teach urbanism with kids who are passionate about community and the environment. Vamo. Today we're going to take the refined master plan that Ricardo and Tony put together, and we're going to develop it, test it, see what comes out of our soup. Now that we have a plan, we can debate the plan. Now, next year, in 2017, we've got to be ready to handle 150 students at the end of May along with 50 staff and 100 guests. Not just getting more housing, but getting more bathroom facilities, more cooking and kitchen facilities, more breakout spaces for head space. And so here... and here. So, these are buildings, right? So, how does this -- How does this change? We build, what, dorms first? Like, these five all right next to each other, or should we build one, two, three, four? Jake: Obviously, some people don't want a garden. The idea is to only use native plants, only use plants that will grown naturally so when you plant them, maybe, you know, tie them to a stick when they're really young, whatever, but then you can just leave them. Jake: Kalu Yala is going to be a city inside a garden, not a garden inside of a city. It's going to be invisible from above, because there's going to be a lush canopy of food growing all over this town, and if it doesn't do that, then it's bullshit, because that's the only way to make this place great. [ Indistinct conversations ] There's a piece of the puzzle that's missing that is made up by interns, and I think Jimmy knows that, and I think it's very good that he continues to want young, educated, ecological people to keep coming here. I think that's the only thing that's going to save this town, and if that stops, then this whole thing is... gone. If you had a hundred acre -- They found it was one unit per acre, you automatically get a hundred credits. Now, what you could do then is you could sell your credits to somebody else, which took away your taxable value, which created preservation. Yeah. Yeah. [ Speaks indistinctly ] Exactly. But, we do want to develop every piece of land. I really hope this place becomes something beautiful, and if it does, I think Jimmy should take minimal credit. Jimmy: Thank you guys for today. You figured out how to engage in taking your intellectual thought out of your head and putting it onto paper to where other people can start to visualize that. There is legacy of your thought here for people to consider. This was, like, the most heads-down day I've actually ever seen from any program at Kalu Yala of people just being, like, in their work. A round of applause to you all. Thank you for working your butts off and for getting us here, okay? [ Applause ] Cool? [ Laughs ] ** We're playing a game. We need two teams. We're ready. ...that the other team will complete. Human pyramid? [ Indistinct conversations ] Man: Somebody has to eat a bug. [ All shouting ] No! Fuck, yeah! [ Cheers and applause ] Hey. - Shave your head. -Shave your head. - Shave your head? [ Laughter ] Whoa! [ Cheers and applause ] Woman: What's next? Piggy-back? Uno, dos, tres, cuatro, go! Aah! Whoo! - It's a tie! -That's a tie. - Tie. -Close. Close. ** Cahill: I ended up at Hostel Mamallena's, in the middle of Bocas Del Toro. I physically put all the burdens that I had brought with me onto my own back, and walked out with my own two legs. And pretty much ended up in paradise. So, basically I just do odd jobs around the hostel, whenever they want me to, and then I get a free bed to stay. So, it's not the worst deal in the world. It's a little memory box. Little notes that mean a lot to me, so that whenever I get depressed or homesick, I read them. And just knowing that people love and care about you is super powerful, especially when you're traveling alone. "Cahill, thank you for turning everything into a positive statement. You're positivity is inspiring, and you've made my day more than once. Keep doing you." A bunch of memories inside of a memory, which is badass. [ Beeping ] Woman: Hello! Hey, Ma. How are you sweetie? Fucking amazing. Don't cuss in front of your mother! Sorry. I just wanted to let you know you raised -- I am good. You don't need to worry. Okay, just tell me where you are on the planet. I will definitely let you know where I'm at. All right, I love you! All right, love you, Ma! Give Dad my love. Okay. I'm alone. When you're at Kalu Yala, you have all these loving people, and I know that they love for me, and care for me still. That's bittersweet, but it's bitter, too. By the time I left, I expected to build my own house. The hashtag was WeAreBuilding. I expected to go down there and build. I would sleep at night so happy if that becomes everything that was promised, because that place will exist, that beauty will be real. From the bottom of my heart, I hope that Jimmy proves me wrong. I really do. [ Voice breaking ] They're just my family. You're attitude is sick everyday. Can you imagine what that looks like to me? Happy to be leaving the organization. Until you can prove that you can act like an adult -- [ Door slams ] Man: I'm really impressed with the costumes, except for mine. This is just what I wear everyday. - Trying to watch the election. - What happened? - Trump's our president. - Fuck off. If we go back, and we engage with those who agree with us, we are doing nothing. You really can't cross a river like this. No! People have died right here! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 