I Hear You: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 I Hear You 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 I Hear You (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 LOVE IN PROGRESS WAN DANDAN LOVES WU YUE WIVES CLUB Is this still me? Isn't this makeup a little too thick? Not at all. Your boyfriend is very handsome. Did you quarrel? We... Ms. Bei, why don't you help your boyfriend put this on? Thank you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 LOVE IN PROGRESS SUPPORT CHEN KAI AND QIN SHIYUE DIFFERENT-PHYSIQUE COUPLE IS BEAUTIFUL Hello, ladies and gentlemen! Welcome to the live Internet broadcast of the reality show, Love in Progress. Thank you for not tuning into Medicine Victory and Gossip Master. Let's enjoy this atmosphere of love with us! The entire season of love is now in Love in Progress. Our goal is for the entire universe not to lack of love, just like the Milky Way does not lack of calcium. But first, let's watch a video to get a better understanding of our different-height couple, Ye Shuwei and Bei Erduo. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Please watch the big screen. {\an8}Ye Shuwei, 27 years old, 1.87 meters tall. Tall and handsome. A violin maker who just returned from studying in Italy. He single-handedly started a violin workshop. It is one of the few highly regarded workshops in the country. {\an8}Bei Erduo, 23 years old, 1.52 meters tall. Petite and sweet. {\an8}She often speaks like a cartoon character. She is trained in mimicking various sound effects. Her dream is to become an excellent voice actress in the animation dubbing industry. All right. Now, let's invite the different-height couple, Ye Shuwei and Bei Erduo. A round of applause for them! {\an8}LOVE IN PROGRESS SEASON 1 Welcome. I would like to ask Ms. Bei Erduo first. Could you please tell us how did you guys first meet? We... We... Erduo, hurry up. Memorize this as soon as you can. These are the details of the male guest. You need to be familiar with each other to avoid being seen through during the broadcast. Memorizing a script? That's my specialty. Ye Shuwei, 27 years old. Born in a family of musicians. The qualities of your male guest aren't too bad. The Great Ye is here. Familiarize yourselves with each other quickly. You're Ye Shuwei? We met each other in the library. It seems that Ms. Bei Erduo is still a little nervous. {\an8}Then, when you met for the first time, {\an8}what was your impression of Ye Shuwei? Erduo. There has to be some misunderstanding here. I refuse to work with him. Erduo, no! Think of the money. Do you think I'm someone who would give up my dignity for money? Well... It was quite good. It was quite good. Quite good? Just "quite good"? How about this? Let me rephrase my question. When did both of you first meet each other? Two days ago. Oh no! Why did I blurt out the truth? What should I do now? Do you mean two days ago? I think it's time to think about changing jobs. I agree. It's about time for me to get married too. My Erduo is a bit nervous today. Actually, two days ago was our sixth month anniversary from when we started dating. So that makes it six months and two days. Oh, I see. I got a scare. The Great Ye! From the video... -Look at the statistics! -He's good with words of love. I thought there will be a big revelation. I didn't expect it to be a public display of affection. -That quick reflexes. -What a torture! -I need to learn! -He's the Great Ye indeed! Ye Shuwei, is there anything you would like to say to your lover beside you? Yes. LOVE IN PROGRESS SEASON 1 Apologize to me. What are they doing now? Apologize for what? You silly girl. You made me wait for so long before meeting you. Shouldn't you apologize? Ye Shuwei looks cold on the outside. But when he speaks words of love, it melts people's hearts. I believe that our audience has now developed a deep interest in this couple. Okay, thank you. Please take a break. Thank you. Okay. Next, we'll have another video showcasing our different-physique couple. Let's get to know them better. Please watch the big screen. The quick-acting heart reliever pill. Should I give you some? Sure. Is there a problem? Ye Shuwei, how dare you-- How dare you ask me to apologize? AN HONEST CONNECTION OF HEARTS Hey, Le Tian! Bei Erduo was nowhere to be found. She ended up on a dating show with her boyfriend. Didn't you watch it? Let's go. Hold on! I'm sorry. It's a winning hand. Pay to me! -Here. -You draw it. Is this your daughter, Bei Erduo? My daughter is on television? -Is it? -Let me take a look. Isn't this Erduo? -Isn't she a kindergarten teacher? -This doesn't look like a rich man. Single-handedly started a violin workshop... What's a violin maker? A carpenter! Both of you. You're crazy! Both of you! Do you know you're so popular now? The viewership for this show is reaching the sky! Hurry and sign this contract. Once you sign it, you'll become superstars! Is she willing to continue playing the role of my fake lover? Great Ye, I'll tell you the truth. Erduo is going to Japan to study. She's in dire need of money. If both of you work for this show, it will be a win-win situation for all of us. Okay? Here, Erduo. I'm not signing it. Great Ye, didn't you lose the bet? Yes, we did say that it'll be over after one episode, but... Isn't this a form of recognition for both of you? Someone needs to apologize to me. You. Why should I apologize to you? I didn't do anything wrong. I don't like to waste my time by talking. Erduo, don't get agitated. We'll think about it. We'll think about it. If you let me down in front of the audience, you should apologize to me in front of the audience. -Well-- -Hello. This is an audition for voice actors. Hence, we're conducting the interview this way. Okay. Introduce yourself. Hello, sir. I am number 34, Bei Erduo. I'm a big fan of anime. Currently, I'm preparing for my Seiyuu examination. All right. You may begin. Once upon a time, in a huge forest, there was a village of blue Smurfs. In a mushroom house in the village, there lived many happy blue Smurfs. They were courageous, helpful and cooperated with each other. They lived freely and were very smart. Hello, everyone! I'm Papa Smurf! I'm 543 years old this year. This whole village is under my care. Hello, everyone. I'm Smurfette. Don't you think I'm pretty? I'm Gargamel. My powers are limitless! I created Smurfette! Don't believe what Gargamel says! I've changed for the better! All right, we have to work hard now. Hard work is the most important thing. I'm done. Very good. Thank you, sir. That's right! Even if I didn't do well as a voice actor, I'm still an insider. Let me tell you this. Those interviewees are so silly. What do they have to be happy about? They'll never get a chance. Thank you for helping us with our interview today. My pleasure. My personal opinion is... that number 34, Bei Erduo is not too bad. Well... The last candidate is our boss' niece. We can't humiliate him. Since that's the case, why did you ask me to join then? Shuwei, your reputation gives the company a good image. It's over. You may leave now. Thank you. This way, please. What a waste of my time. -What a scam. -This way, please. I am number 34, Bei Erduo. Shouldn't you at least announce the results of the audition? Give us all a fair chance. I'm very sorry, miss. The interview is over now. -There's still a position that's vacant. -Thank you for taking part. -I'll recommend your sister. -You may leave now. That won't be a problem at all! Ruirui. What's Ruirui? The name of the character is Ruirui. Don't you provoke me. I'm not an ordinary person. You can't even speak normally. Of course, you're not an ordinary person. I'll get the company to blacklist you! Blacklist me then. I won't work for such a company anyway! Miss, what are you talking about? She's envious that I am chosen. What a slander. Empty vessels make the most noise. "Empty vessels make the most noise"? Seriously-- If you continue making a fuss, we'll call the security. -You-- -Please make way. Aren't you one of the interviewers? I remember your voice. Are you Number 34? I remember your voice too. Honestly, your voice sounds nice. And you look like a nice person too. Why would you do something so shameless? What did I do? People like us... We train really hard every day to become voice actors, just for a chance at the job. If you want to hire an insider, there's nothing we can do. But if you have no intention of giving us any chance, why do you put on the whole act of an interview then? Hey, pip-squeak! Stop making much ado about nothing! Just because you have connections, does it make you this fearless? What's your name? What's the problem with you? I want to remember you. Wherever you are in future, I won't go for that interview. You're courageous. What's your name? Bei Erduo. Blacklist me then. -You-- -Go back to the recording room, and apologize to me in front of all the witnesses. Give me back my reputation. Don't even think about it. The main point is-- Ye, why are you here? Someone would like to say something to you. I'm here to apologize to Mr. Ye Shuwei publicly. Mr. Ye Shuwei, I'd always thought that you were an extremely unfair and extremely unjust interviewer. You took advantage of your illicit connections with certain individuals for your own personal gain. You allowed all the other candidates who really treasured the chance, who thoroughly prepared for this interview, to be treated in an unfair way. You wasted their time by making them be on this huge act for someone who practices nepotism. Therefore, I think you are a person who is selfish, lack principles, can't distinguish right from wrong, hypocritical and overbearing. I'm done with my apology. Sorry, I was wrong. I accept your apology. I still have a few more requests. -Why do you have so many requests? -Erduo. Sure. Lizi, write it down. Okay. Number one. Other than recording for the show, we won't get involved in each other's personal affairs. We'll minimize the unnecessary interaction. Number two. During the period of the filming, take note of your image and the way you carry yourself. Don't do anything without thinking. It doesn't matter if your image is bad, but I don't want others to think that I have a bad taste. Mr. Ye, you're the one who should take note of your own image. Fine, since we're talking about requests, I have a few requirements that I hope both of you can fulfill. Firstly, both of you will have to sign a confidentiality agreement. Secondly, I hope that when both of you interact, please at least try to look like a couple. Lastly, throughout the show's filming, you're not allowed to date other people. Just get her to look after herself well. I will watch myself well. -Because I would never-- -Never what? Both of you are a public couple. It'll be terrible if gossips or rumors about cheating arise. If someone were to cheat, that person will have to apologize to the other party. Apologize in front of the public, to prove the innocence of the other party. Okay. Don't move. -Mr. Ye. -Stop fidgeting. Okay. Both of you are lovers as of now. The results of the previous episode were really good. I hope the next one can be equally good. I can't guarantee the results of the show. The agreement didn't specify this. How about this then? Both of you subscribe to each other's Weibo account. Post your daily updates. After all, netizens are like detectives nowadays. -If you're not careful-- -That's not necessary. I don't have a Weibo account. Erduo, I'll leave this to you then. You'll work on the Weibo posts, okay? Right. Add each other on WeChat. I don't have a WeChat account either. Erduo, I'll send you his WeChat ID later. Since both of you have signed the contract, I hope you can be more professional. We can rehearse once a week. If we do it this way, it won't take your private time. During the live broadcast, you'll be more comfortable too. What do you think? One hour. Not more than that. I only provide my time. -I'm not responsible for anything else. -Okay. It's set then. Thank you so much, Great Ye, for offering us your precious time. -I'll treat everyone to dinner. -That's not necessary. Is there anything else? Where are you going? Why don't you give Erduo a lift? It's out of my way. I have a small yellow car! Bei Erduo... Where did you find such a cocky person? Tell me. What's going on? Look at how he bullied Erduo. I'm so angry. How could you blame me? How did I know this would happen? FOUR DAYS AGO You know Mr. Ye's temper. He never explains much, has a cold demeanor and bears grudges. But you want him to participate in your reality show? Are you mistaken? Well, he helped with the auditions. That's because a friend of his dad made a personal request. It definitely won't work out for this. It's impossible. -Great Ye. -Stop calling me that. He Yang. Instead of flattering me, why don't you just work properly? Have you delivered the violins? I'll go right away. Save the environment. Walk there. Sir, it's five kilometers away. -I-- -Is there a problem? Not at all. I'll take this chance to exercise. Uncle Shuwei. Lizi. What are you doing? Erduo, let me tell you this. Pulling it like this will make it grow. I don't think that's how it works. I can't even move now. Okay. Erduo, do you think that I treat you well? Yes, you do. But that doesn't mean you can cross the line. Do you want to earn enough money to go to Japan? I want to rely on my own strength to do it. Erduo, please save me. What is it? Tell me. Uncle Shuwei, I've signed the contract. If you don't agree, I'll be breaking it. The penalty fee is a few million. Apply for bankruptcy then. No. How can I do that? I need to answer to my business partner. I have to be responsible to my employees. Besides, for this show, it has to be you and no others. Where else can I find someone like you? Someone who is tall, handsome and capable. Am I right? If you don't agree with it, I'll just stay here in your workshop. You may stay as long as you like. No. How can I date a stranger in front of so many people? Erduo, this is urgent. If you don't help me, my show will disappear. All the effort I put in for this year will go down the drain! I'm sure you don't want that to happen to me! But you're selling me to become someone's girlfriend. How is this considered selling? Isn't a voice actor an actor too? Just treat yourself as an actor, who is playing a role in a show with another male actor. Erduo, think about it. If you were to work part-time jobs to earn money to Japan, it would take you at least two years. But if you participate in this show, one episode's pay might make up for six months. Your dream to study in Japan can be brought forward by half a year. But I've never been in a relationship. If my mom were to find out-- Gosh. Why are you on top of me again? Erduo, hear me out. You won't lose anything. The other party is a really handsome man. You just have to act naturally. Perhaps, when the show is over, you might really fall in love. That would be like killing two birds with one stone. Let me think about it. What is there to think about? If you don't agree with it, I won't get off. Okay, fine. Get off. You should have said so earlier! Isn't it? Uncle Shuwei, my mom passed away early. Fine. How about this? There's a CD on the cabinet. If you can tell the differences between the two pieces of music, I'll agree with it. Well, this-- You can just forget it. I'll do it. Of course, I'll do it. -But you have to give me a day. -12 hours. Is that Great Ye of yours mentally sick? Erduo finally agreed to it. Don't you dare ruin everything! He won't go back on his word. But the problem now is the challenge he gave to me. No one could identify it. I've asked everyone I could think of. Where's the CD? Erduo, come out for a moment. How is it? Can you hear the difference? The melodies are quite different. How is it different? Tell me in detail. Hold on. Let me record it down. When there's a will, there's a way. I've identified it. The first note of the second part in the first quartet, the violin went higher by half a note, right? How did you know? There should be some excitement at this moment. Baloney. You couldn't have identified it on your own. Why not? For the sake of this, I've listened to it all night long. Look at my eye bags. Seriously. I pulled the waveforms of the music out and compared them frame by frame. I even searched on Baidu and Google. Anyway, I got the answer, right? Uncle Shuwei, have I won? I'll accept the defeat. HETAI YU JING CUI FENG Subtitle translation by Danielle 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 