Comedy Central Presents: Season 15, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Comedy Central Presents 
 s15e3 - Chelsea Peretti - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Comedy Central Presents (1998–…): Season 15, Episode 3 - Chelsea Peretti - full transcript 
 Chelsea Peretti makes a sexy mistake, is suspicious of three-legged dog owners, and questions nerd lovers. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - "Comedy central presents" Chelsea peretti. - Thank you. Thanks. Thank you. Thanks. Thank you... that made up for my childhood. Thank you, so much. Are you guys kinda judgin' my attractiveness level? It's a weird level... It's a really weird level. It's frustrating. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It kinda falls through my fingers, at times. You know, like I... just when I start to feel pretty and feel good about myself, someone always brings me right back down to earth. My friend's mom was like, "Chelsea!" She was so excited... "Chelsea, I saw an ugly Chelsea" "on the street the other day." I'm like, "okay." Basically, what that translates to is, "you saw an ugly person and you thought of me." Thanks for the heads up. I appreciate it. I'm, uh, I'm Jewish and Italian, so I have this face. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Jewish people get obsessed with which half is Jewish. I'm like, "first of all, my last name's 'peretti.'" "I thought Jews were smart." Um, but they're always like, "who's the Jew?" "Is it your mom or is it your dad?" "Who's the Jew, who's the Jew?" And when I say, "it's my mom," "they're like, "then you are a Jew! "By Jewish law you are a Jew!" I'm like "oh, you got me... Take me to Jew court." I just, uh, I just got out of three relationships. So now, I'm always trying to figure out, like, what kind of clothes to wear to draw someone to me, and I never know. I feel like I'm making it up... I'm like, "shall I wear this ball gown, you know," "or should I wear this ball gown?" I just have a closet full of them. But I never wear them. I just wind up wearing jeans, but then I will do that trick that girls do where you let your g-string strap peek out above the waist of the jeans 'cause then you can be like, "oopsies... I made a sexy mistake... woopsies!" Sometimes, I like to hoist them up over my shoulders. I'll just hook my thumbs in 'em like, "someone's available." "She's got her little single suspenders on." Just see what I can reel in. Usually, it's something terrible. Sex was so exciting at first. You remember when you first started having it like, "oh, whoa... Something's in me." "Whoa!" And that can last you for years. And then, you just start getting more used to it, and people start trying to jazz it up. Like, some people start talking to you during sex, telling you their fantasies and stuff. I don't like to do that. I like to, pretty much, to be dead silent. That's my comfort zone. But then, sometimes, I will be like, you know, "thank you for dinner, thank you for dinner." Just to be a lady and show some gratitude at the appropriate time. A lot of my friends are guys, and they'll talk about a girl they're seeing. They're like, "uh, man, she's a screamer." It's like, it just makes me want to mess with somebody and take that too literally just like, "ahh!" "Ahh! "I'm a screamer," I'm screaming. "I'm frightened." That's sexy, right? They're like, "she's a real wild cat." I'm like, "Ahh, ahh!" Just to see if I could be alone forever. She's looking more like... I don't know why that wild cat is in doggy style but it's one of the ironies of that joke. I was seeing someone for a while. I was seeing someone for a while and, um, he talked during sex and he said stuff that I thought was weird, but I don't know. So I recorded it on this spy device from the 1970s, and I thought I would play it for you guys, and then, you tell me, is it weird or what. And just so you know, when I get very uncomfortable, I'll be like, "oh, wow." Ready? - Ahh! Ahh! - Oh, wow! - Ahh! Oh, mama. Oh, mama. Oh, mom. Oh, my mom. Oh, you're my mom. Oh, oh, my mother. Oh, my mother. Oh, you're my mom. You are my mom. Oh, you're my mom. Mom, mom, mom, I love you. Mom, mom, mom. Oh, mother. - Oh. I don't want to read too much into it, but I kind of felt as though he wanted to his mother. So I was like, "can you not, like, talk about your mom" "or me being your mom during sex?" So he's like, "okay." And then he started to doing this. - Oh. - Oh. Oh, wow! Oh, wow! - Oh, god. Oh, god. - Oh, yeah, wow! - Oh, god. Oh, oh, Jesus. Oh, Jesus Christ. Oh, son of god. Oh, mother son of god, born of Mary. Oh, oh, Jesus Christ, son of god, prince of peace, born of Mary and Joseph in galilee. Oh, god. Oh, god. Oh, Jesus Christ. Oh, killed by the Jews. - No. No, it was too much, it was too much. I wanna know why two guys hi-fived during that, but I'll figure-figure that out later. That men's biggest fear is that women will laugh at them, and women's biggest fear is that men will kill them. Kind of different stakes that we're working with. But that's why I don't make jokes during sex, 'cause I think of stuff that I think would be funny all the time, but I just don't say it, because I don't want to be killed. Like for years, I thought it would be hilarious to have a phobia, so when the guy starts to, I was like, "ahh, what's happening to you." "You're changing... change back, "change back!" Just throwing socks at him. Very uncomfortable with it. I'll try it one day... I'll find the right guy. I do have terrible taste in men. Like, I just like big, dumb guys with dead eyes like Tony danza or I'm borderline attracted to Ronny from "the Jersey shore." Anyone dumb... Anyone big and dumb. I realized the other day, I've dated three, white rappers. I feel like that's probably 98 percent of white rappers that have been inside me... It's very uncomfortable. You know the type of guy that I'm talking about? Like very manicured facial hair, like those pencil-thin moustache-beard combos that go in a circle like, "my mouth's in here if anybody's lookin' for it." Those are the kind of guys. They have weird ideas about honesty, you know? They get... they're like, "I'm honest with my friends and family," "but not with society and corporations." They leave like weird loopholes for themselves. You know, they get philosophical where honesty's concerned. They're like, "I mean, society just agrees that this is a table." I'm like, "did you cheat on me?" Let's stop playing games and really get into it. It's like you always forget when you're in it, you want it, and then, when you're out of it, it-it's always, like, you want whatever you don't have. You know, whenever I'm alone, I'm like, "I wanna boyfriend... "that'd be so fun. "We'll hold hands and watch a movie." But actually, when you get one, actually what it is, is it's just someone watching you, and watching your every move, and just connecting dots on all your flaws in your personality. And then after a while, they're like, "okay, this is who you are." "It's a terrible person." "You should work on it." And then you watch a movie just to take a break, And that's love as far as I've figured it out. And things that seem like they'd be fun, you know, when you get into the situation, they're not that fun. Like it seems like it'd be fun to take a shower with someone that you're in love with, you know. But I feel like it always turns into like, "ah, I have a whole checklist of things "that I need to achieve in the shower," you know? I feel like you get in there with someone else, and all of a sudden you're, like, inventing, like, "hey, let me wash your back," so you can sneak wash your ass... it's very stressful. Whereas, when I'm alone, that's exclusively what I wash. There's only one check box on my checklist... got it. I should just stay away from people. I've had such bad luck... I had a whole string of time in which the only guys attracted to me, were guys from Philly who are, pretty much, the worst people alive. Ha-ha-ha. They're just kind of like, "mwaaa." Like that's a Philly accent that I just nailed. This one guy was like, "I can make you fall in love with Philly." I was like, "really... how?" "Do you have a handful ecstasy?" That's what it took last time I was there. I was like, "mmmmm, home depot." "This is a great town." "You done it again, Philly!" I don't want to make New York feel left out. There's weird, dumb people here, too. I was walkin' down the street, and I saw these two Italian guys with their dogs, and the one guy's talking to his friend, and he's like, "your dog loves pasta?" "My dog loves pasta!" He couldn't believe it. And I was walking by like, "is this really happening?" "Like, am I gonna turn a corner," and it's gonna be two Filipino guys, like, "your dog loves dog." "That what my dog loves." I live in I.A. now, and one thing I've learned from living in big cities, is that it really doesn't make you feel safe, when you're walking home at night, and some guys like, "hey, gorgeous... get home safe!" You're like, "felt a little safer" "before you just said that." "Wasn't even thinking about safety." "I was kind of making a grocery list, but thank you." "Thank you." I feel pretty safe in I.A. Because there's trees everywhere, and I'm like, "um, there's trees... I'll be fine." And then my neighbor was like, "hey, Chelsea", "just so you know, there's been a rape in the neighborhood." I was like, "thank you." Like, I don't know what I'm supposed to do with that information... Just walk backwards like, "don't even think it, don't even think it." "I'm watching you, I'm watching you." "Rape, just in case." "Okay." Like, she might as well just come to my door and be like, "hey, Chelsea, live in fear... bye." It's useless. And I always think what I would do, if someone tried to get me. You know, my first thought is just something dumb like I'd try to pick my nose and just be gross or something. Like, in my mind, a rapist is just some white-hat, frat boy who'd just be like, "ah, nasty... forget it." "Learn some manners." Obviously, I don't understand how it works at all, but I don't even wanna think about it, but you have to, because you'll just be relaxing, and then someone's like, "don't take open drinks from guys." And you're like, "ahh!" But I figured out a way around that which is what if I gave myself a little bit of roofies every day, okay. So I start, day one, it's a tiny dose, real small. Then, every day, I up it and up it and up it. By the end of a couple of months, I feel like I could go to any location and take a drink from anybody no matter how creepy or frightening. I'm just like, "thank you... Thank you so much." It's like three in the morning and I'm like, "where we going, gang?" "Where's the after after?" They're like, "I don't get it... she is un-rapeable." That's my fantasy. I think about my funeral a lot. Ah, I know I want it to be an open-mic night for comedians. Thank you... thank you, so much. Thank you, thank you. I know I want it to be an open-mic night for comedians. It'll be advertised in the local paper. You know, $5.00 gets you five minutes, or whatever. Because comedians are always looking for stage time, and I just think it'll be nice to be dead for that. Ha-ha-ha. Is it lazy that I kind of wish I was you, right now, and that I was a TV? And this was my living room? Is that lazy? Actually, I just wish you guys were all puppies. How cute would that be if I was alone in a room with this many puppies? I'd be like, "ahhh... Who's getting petted first?" Be so excited. I'd put on a little white, lab coat, and try to get to the bottom of scientific questions like, "who's a cute puppy?" Stuff like that. One day I'll arrange it when I have a lot of money. I come... I need a lot of love, I do. It's not... I don't blame my parents fully still, kind of. No, my mom's great... She's very intense. She's very like tricky and clever and intense. Like, if we get in fights, my mom will do spammer tricks on me. Like, we'll get in a fight, and afterwards, she'll send me an email and the subject will be "apology." Then, I'll open it up, and inside, it's like, "I was right and you were wrong." I'm like, "ahh!" "You got me with the oldest trick in the book," "an enticing subject header." So, I'll write her back, "apology accepted," and then, inside it's just, "eat a." I can be pretty judgmental of people... I can. I saw this girl. She was very cute, but she was wearing a tee-shirt, and it said, "I heart nerds" on it. And I was just looking at her, and I was like, "god, I wish I could make her force an engineer" "with cystic acne for just hours and hours and hours." Until she was just like, "all right, I don't... I don't heart nerds... I don't." "I heart good-looking guys who wear eyeglasses." "That's what I heart." We're like, "all right... Revise the shirt." I also don't really care for three-legged dog owners. I-I don't understand why are there so many three-legged dogs now? Is there an alligator pit beside a dog run somewhere that needs to be taken care of... what's happening? I don't like their attitude. I feel like they're always like, "I don't even notice it, I don't even notice it." "I don't see it, I don't see it." "Do you see it... I don't see it." "My dog's just a spirit to me." You know, like, I feel like... I feel like they're judging me, like, they're like, "what?" "Do you like dogs for cuteness?" "Is that what you like dogs for?" "That's what you like dogs for?" It's like, "yeah, that's pretty much exclusively" "what I like dogs for... cuteness." You know, I'm not in love with the fact that they're walking machines. I saw this guy in I.A. He was actually jogging with the three-legged dog. He was just like... And the dog was like, "huungh, help me." I was like, "you've taken it too far, sir." "You've taken it too far... Please admit that." You know, I just wanted so badly for someone to snipe the dog and take it down, and just to see him like, "no, how do I prove how deep I am instantly." Do you think it's okay when someone's telling you something to say, "who cares,". If you say it tenderly, and you touch their arm? Come on... who cares? 'Cause I wanna do that all the time. I... especially now, a lot of my friends are vegans now. Ah, which, I don't care... Eat whatever you want. I just think that my least favorite part of the vegan diet, is the verbal part where they explain it to you. It's just endless... It feels like. It's just... they're like, "a-a-a, I'm a vegetarian," "but I don't even eat milk or honey," "because it takes animal labor to make milk and honey," "and I think that's wrong." And it just always strikes me as sort of childish logic. It's like, "I like bees and I like cows" "more than the immigrants that pick the vegetables that I eat." That's it for me. Thank you, guys. Thank you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 