The Back Pages: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Back Pages 
 s1e3 - To Belong - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Back Pages (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - To Belong - full transcript 
 A rural diner owner must choose sides when a mysterious woman on the run shows up at his diner. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Smells mighty good, Brent. Yeah unfortunately for me, good enough to keep you around here, old man. Oh I reckon it's not that good. I'm just so old I can't tell crap from caviar anymore. I don't know Pappy, you've been coming around here a long time now, you might just like the taste of crap. You know you're right, this food must be awful bad considering I never seen you ate it before. Good morning. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What a looker. Well are you gonna go talk to her or are you just gonna stand there like an idiot? I can't. I shouldn't. What do you mean? You need to take her order don't ya? Oh yeah, right. Meeting someone? Huh? Are you waiting for someone? Yes. Um, no. Um, not like that, at least. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh cool. Is everything okay? It's your eyes. Yeah? They're beautiful. Thank you, anything else? Um, yeah. Um, what can I get ya? No thanks, I'm not hungry. This is a diner, you know. I'm not, hungry. You can't just sit there without any food, don't you think it'd be a little odd? Fine, make me something. Alright, one house special coming up. When's the wedding? For being so hot, she's awfully cold. Could be she's one of them science folks from up on Lost Creek. Maybe after some of your crappy eggs she'll warm up. Yeah, yeah. Now Pappy, where's that handsome hamburger flipper of mine? Oh phooey, Jo. Brent ain't in to you like that. Not yet he ain't old timer. Hey there good lookin' whatcha got cookin'? Morning deputy. How many times do I have to tell you call me Jo, not deputy. Unless you're into that sort of thing. As long as you're wearing that badge, it'll be deputy, deputy. Suit yourself. At least you're prompt with the food. Oh this isn't for you. It's for uh, hey Pappy where'd she go? Looked like she needed to hit the can as soon as Jo here arrived. What do you mean she? You alright in there? I'm fine. Can't a girl get some privacy around here? Just wanted to let you know your food's ready. Okay thanks. But seriously Brent, do you have a girlfriend now? - Because... - Not now Jo. I think she has a gun. Hold on sit down for a minute. Pretty and packing, huh? What a woman. I think she might be in trouble. Uh, yeah. Probably with the law. If she was wanted, don't you think you would have gotten an APB about a fugitive? Well sure, we get APBs about fugitives all the time. But without having seen her, how would I know if she fits any of the descriptions? Oh I can describe her for ya. Just imagine gorgeous flowing locks. Eyes that'll burn right through ya. Silky smooth skin. And a figure like a super model. No, no a figure like an angel. Old man you're about to meet a whole host of angels if you don't shut up. Anyways, even if she's not wanted, why should we trust her? She has a gun. You don't have to trust her, just trust my judgment until we know more. This is the place, hopefully it's her this time. If it's her, she didn't make it far. I'll look her straight, you run the retinals. Understood. Uh, uh, I wouldn't recommend that. I'm Agent Reed. And the gentlemen whosw chest your hand so lovingly rests upon is Agent Heller. We're part of the security detail over at othe Lost Creek facility, and as such we have federal authority to search the premises. Like hell, he ain't done nothing. Jo do something about this. There's not actually much I can do, they're feds. This is the fugitive known by her alias, Alicia. She recently circumvented our security measures with a very expensive piece of government equipment. She is armed and most certainly dangerous. Back is clear. Good, that'll make things easier. Have any of you seen this woman? I ain't seen her. Same. Deputy? Can't say I've seen her. Interesting. Heller bring our friend around the counter with the others. Looks like someone lost their appetite. You know what I hate? I hate being lied to. But what's a girl to do? Agent Heller will be giving each of you a retinal scan and if you cooperate, we'll be on our way. You first, deputy. Stand up please. She's clear. Very good, next. Stand up. No. Stand up! I've been very patient with you sir, but my patience is reaching its end. Your actions indicate to me you know where Alicia is and you're willingly aiding and abetting her. You're going to tell me where she is right now or I swear the next owner of this dump will be cleaning your brains out of every crack and crevice of this place for years to come. Tell her Brent. I'd listen to the deputy, if I were you mister. Alright then, last chance. Three. Two. Stop. Leave him be. He has nothing to do with this. That's far enough Alicia. So good to see you again. Of course I imagine you're not nearly as pleased as I am right now. What'd you do to this poor fellow, Alicia? Did you use those womanly wiles on him just like you did Smith? Were you gonna kill this idiot too? I did not kill Smith. Grab her Heller. That's far enough, suit, if you know what's best for you. Well we seem to have a bit of a situation on our hands, ladies and gentlemen. How about a little help, deputy? Jo you have to trust me. Don't do this. These two are the bad guys, not her. Your friend isn't thinking straight deputy. Alicia was designed to make men think with anything but their brains. Besides you have a duty to respect my federal authority. Why you no good, lily livered... Wise decision, deputy. You fool. - You damned... - Shut up. Drop your gun. You too Agent, unless you're feeling froggy. Then go ahead and jump, I dare ya. You okay? Yeah. - I'm fine. - Okay. We're gonna get you outta here. I think you two oughta get cozy in this booth right over here. You fools, you damn fools. She's a machine. I think this one here's a little touched if you know what I mean. She's not human, she's a robot. She's a machine! Here, these will get ya farther. I never register my autos. Makes it harder for these bureaucrats to find me. Thanks Pappy. Thanks Jo, I won't forget this. You idiot, she'll kill you. She'll kill you! I can't do this to you. I have to go on alone. What? Why? I just, you wouldn't understand. Try me. It wouldn't be fair to you. What wouldn't be fair? Is it true? Is what true? What she said. Are you a machine? Are you a robot? Tell me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 