Perfect Strangers: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Perfect Strangers 
 s1e2 - Picture This - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Perfect Strangers (1986–1993): Season 1, Episode 2 - Picture This - full transcript 
 When Larry attempts to teach the good-natured Balki not to let others take advantage of him, it threatens Larry's chance to get a picture that could help his career. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 * Sometimes the world looks perfect * Nothing to rearrange * Sometimes you just get a feeling * Like you need some kind of change * No matter what the odds are this time * Nothing's gonna stand in my way * This flame in my heart like a long lost friend * Gives every dark street a light at the end * Rise and fall on the wings of my dream * The rain and thunder the wind and haze * I'm bound for better days 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 * It's my life and my dream * Nothing's gonna stop me now * Nothing's gonna stop me now * It's my life and my dream * Nothing's going to stop me now * Nothing's going to stop me now * OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Yeah? If you'd watch where you were going you wouldn't fall down. Sheesh. Give somebody a white cane they think they own the sidewalk. (CASH REGISTER RINGS) Hi, Mr. Twinkacetti. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The handicapped harassing you again? Boy, Chicago is a big place. If I walked as far on my little island of Mypos as I just walked I'd be drowning in the ocean right now. I'm so lucky to be here. You're so lucky the Statue of Liberty didn't wave you away. Where have you been? She said to me, "Would you take this to my house?" And I said, "of course," because it's only 93 blocks. And... And so, when we got there, I had to hook up the antenna which was on the roof. And they were coming toward me because they want to peck me. And then they come and sit on my neck and I don't like that. And then the old lady had to come up and drag me off the roof like Tippi Hedren. But the TV works like a charm. What, uh, what TV did she buy? Oh, not one from here. It's obvious in his country Balki, that little old lady took advantage of you. Every panhandler on the block knows you by your first name. "Sucker." You gotta stop being so nice. Okay, you're right. I'll never be nice again. [telephone ringing] Let me get that for you. I'll get it. Ritz Discount. Oh, hi, Gus. You're kidding. Gus, this means a lot to me. Thanks. Cousin Larry, you were nice to that person on the phone. I hope he didn't take advantage of you. I finally got a break. Dolly Parton is staying in town secretly. Dolly Parton. I love her. * Workin' nine to five * What a way to make a livin' * Workin' nine to five * Balki, sit this one out. Anyway, iff I can get a picture of her before anyone knows she's in town what it takes to be a crack photojournalist. Cousin Larry, you know, someday I'm gonna look at you and say "That's my cousin, Larry Appleton the best photographer in the world." And do you know why? Because you're cracked. Thanks. * Tumble outta bed and stumble to the kitchen * BALKI: Are you crazy? TV ANNOUNCER: Door three. Door number two. The car is behind door number two. Uh! Unbelievable. BALKI: Cousin Larry, did you get the picture? I got to the hotel just as her cab was pulling away. I jumped into another cab and said, "Follow that car." And in case you're wondering, they don't do that. BALKI: You've had a busy day. I gotta get this picture. She checked into a room with a man who is not her husband. This is a sure sale. If he's not her husband, what's he doing in her room? Balki, she's having an affair. Dolly Parton wouldn't do that. Maybe it's her brother. Yeah. Well, there are newspapers who'll buy a picture of them, whoever he is. What if they don't want their picture taken? They don't. That's what makes newspapers wanna buy it. Well, don't you think you're stepping on her privacy? Look, Balki, in America a famous person gives up their right to privacy. And if I'm gonna make it as a photojournalist, it's gonna take a lot of talent and luck. I've got the talent, and Dolly Parton is my luck. You want to get lucky with Dolly Parton? What I'm saying is that people have a right to know about every aspect of a public figure's life. Taking a picture of Dolly Parton is photojournalism? The journalism will have to come later. How you did that? Well, it's, it's a pop-top can. Haven't you ever seen one of these before? Of course I have, don't be ridiculous. I did it. Now how do I close that? (KNOCKING AT DOOR) Oh, hi, Linda, I forgot you were coming. Oh, well, I hope you're still gonna be able to look after Gorbachev. Well, I'm flattered. Now, remember, he likes to be walked at 10 o'clock. If you wait too long Ten it is. Maybe 9:30. Well, I'm sure we can think of something. My flight gets back Tuesday. Yeah, okay. Bye. Bye-bye. Great, just what I need. Come on, Gorbachev. If you're good, we'll feed you a mailman. Yeah, good boy. Yeah, good boy. Okay, stay off the bed. (BARKING) Yeah, all right. Stretch out. Let me ask you something. Linda just gave you a big dog to take care of. Isn't she taking advantage of you? Well, there's a difference. See, I'm letting her take advantage of me in the hope that it will help bond our relationship. You want to bond with her? Well, she is a stewardess. (BOTH LAUGHING) Whoo! Whoo. Oh! Oh. What are we talking about? I'll explain it some other time, huh? I thought you were going to your citizenship class. Well, I'll make it up on Saturday. I'm sewing Mr. Twinkacetti's pants. You're sewing Twinkacetti's pants? Sure. You want me to sew something for you? There you go, letting people take advantage of you. You've got to learn to say no. I can't say no. Balki, would you shine my shoes? Sure. There, see? You did it again. You've gotta stand up for yourself. Sit down. Just say no. No. I'm sorry. No. No, don't say you're sorry. It takes the edge off. Now, come on, try it again. Balki, would you please shine my shoes? It would help if you didn't say "please." Say it. No. Good. No, I won't shine your shoes. Good, keep it going. I would not shine your shoes if my life depend on it. You tried to trick Balki. No shoes, no mustard. Good, huh? Very good. I'm very proud of you. And you'll never do this again. Never again. (TELEPHONE RINGING) (RINGING CONTINUES) You bet you will, buddy. This is fun. Hello? They did? When did they leave? You're the greatest, Gus. Thanks. Balki, Dolly Parton just went for a walk with the guy she's with. I gotta hurry if I wanna catch them. Balki? You want me to walk the dog? Yes. Don't be ridiculous. No, no. Now, Balki, Balki. Now, I am desperate, I am in need. Aren't we all? What? No, no. Balki, this is not a test. I repeat, this is not a test. I am begging you. No way. Uh-uh. I'm going to my citizenship class. Balki, you can't do this to me. Who do you think you're talking to? Somebody nice? Ha! Come here, Susan. Look this. Hello, Cousin Larry. Hello, Susan. Hi. Larry, why aren't you talking to Balki? I only talk to my friends. All I know is last night, he taught me how to say no until I was very good at saying no. And then I said, "no," and he got mad. That's not quite what happened. I had the chance to get an exclusive photograph of a famous person. And all he had to do was take Gorbachev for a walk, but no. Gorbachev? A dog the size of a Buick. The point... The point is I had to take the beast with me. When I got close to take the picture she saw me and took off. Gorbachev took off after her I tore my clothes. I sprained my ankle. I probably would've been dragged to my death if Gorbachev hadn't met a stray poodle who was coming off a bad relationship. All because of this person who I am not talking to. Did you like Mypos food? Cousin Larry, I don't know what you want. I cook all day for you and still you're not talking to me. You told me to say no. I'll make an exception just to say this. I don't wanna talk about it. You know, now you're making Balki mad. You know, I can pout too. Pouting was invented on Mypos. You haven't seen pouting until you've seen the Mypos kiss of silence. Okay, wise eyes, you asking for it. Don't you ever, ever do that again. (TELEPHONE RINGING) Hello. Hello, Gus. No, he's in the bathroom, not talking. What? What is that about Dolly Parton? Oh, my Cousin Larry would love to hear that. (SPEAKING FAST) ...Dolly Parton. Bye. Who was that? Was that Gus from the hotel? He say something about Dolly Parton? Did he say she's going out? What do you think, huh? You're not dealing with a dimwit here. Gus went on his break. Balki, I'd like to apologize. I was wrong, I'm sorry I pouted. There. Now, tell me what he said. Balki, I apologized. You didn't mean it. You know, on Mypos, we have a way of showing an apology is real. Tell me. I'll do it. Well, first you pluck a chicken. Balki. Okay, we skip the chicken. I can grovel. The sorry person says, "I am dirt. "I am the sweat of a pig. "I am sorry forever." But it better be convincing. I am dirt. I am-- What? What? What? What? It's not groveling unless your head is lower than mine. I am dirt. I am dirt. I am... The sweat of a pig. The sweat of a pig. I've got it, I've got it. I am sorry forever. There. Is that good enough? It's just not the same without the chicken. Balki, Balki, please. Oh, I forgive you. So we have to do the Dance of Joy. (SINGING) All right, good. Now, tell me what Gus said about Dolly Parton. She's on the plane to Nashville. No. Ugh! Just kidding. Cousins should joke more. Yes, yes, they should. Now tell me what he said. She's in the lounge with the man who must be her brother. The lounge. Can I come with you? Okay, okay. I wanna get close enough to get the picture this time. Why can't I say, "watch the birdie?" It's so dark in here. You can't even see your own nose in front of your face. There she is. Oh no, he's leaving. I've gotta get a picture of them together. Don't you see what's happened? She's going back to her husband because she's a good person. And now no one will ever know that they came here together. Until you take a picture of them and then her life is ruined. What are you doing? I don't think it's right just because she has a public figure. Balki, give me my camera. No. Good, huh? Let's be adult about this. Give me my camera. No, no, no. Stop. Stop. Don't. Don't. Would you stop? (GROANING) She's not going back to her husband. They are going to Mexico to live in sin. Now give me my camera. Balki, get out of my way. No. I can't let you invade her privacys. (SCREAMS) MAN: Somebody call the police. You're not Dolly Parton. She's not? But I was told... You're not Dolly Parton. All right, wise guy, why you've been following us all over town? Scared my wife half to death. I did? I, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt anyone. I, I just wanted to get a picture of a famous person committing adultery. I am dirt. I am the sweat of a pig. Why couldn't I see what I was doing? Well, because it was very dark at that hotel. I was willing to destroy a person's reputation by selling a picture to a sleazy newspaper... Just to get my career started. You tried to tell me that, but I wouldn't listen. I have no integrity. Of course you do. You full of it. What is integrity? Refusing to sell out to get where you wanna go. If I wanted to be a photojournalist with integrity what made me think I could start out this way? that makes a better person. I learned I was a sleaze. But you can build on that. In my country, when somebody learns something about himself that is not good then he changes that. That means he has what you call integrity. You should be proud of yourself. Well, that makes me feel better. A little better. Now, cousin, it would make me happy to do something for you because you are my friend. But if I do that for you are you taking advantage of me? What I meant about that was if you wanna help people, you should. But you shouldn't do it because you feel you have to. Oh. What a wonderful day we've had. You have learned something, and I have learned something. Too bad we didn't learn it sooner we could have gone to the movies instead. Cousin Larry? What? Goodnight. Goodnight, Balki. (GORBACHEV BARKING) (LARRY SCREAMING) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 