The King: Eternal Monarch: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The King: Eternal Monarch 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The King: Eternal Monarch (2020–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 Gon bringe Yeong along on his trip back to Tee-oul. He has a favor to ask of her, while she's found something troubling to share with him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ALL CHARACTERS, PLACES, ORGANIZATIONS, RELIGION AND INCIDENTS- PORTRAYED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS It was the year after he committed treason, so it's been 24 years. {\an8}EPISODE 7 {\an8}Back then and even now, {\an8}the view here has always been stunning. It seems too nice for a traitor's resting place. I thought about it sometimes. What was that body? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Are you still bothered by how we announced that the guards killed him? Back then, that was the only way to protect the Royal Court. I know. And I made that choice. Sometimes, life flows in unexpected directions. This is the death certificate where the real cause of Prince Imperial Geum's death is written. Usually, when two people have a conversation like this, one of them kills the other. That's an absurd joke... Is there something going on? What did you talk about with His Majesty? About the truth. I'm sorry, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 but I hid something from you as well. It was neither a suicide nor a shooting by the Royal Guards. That body wasn't Prince Imperial Geum's. Your Highness! That traitor Lee Lim is alive somewhere. If the purpose of his treason had been the Manpasikjeok and not the throne, since I have its other half, he will definitely come to me to retrieve it. So... Head Court Lady Noh was wrong. Jeong Tae-eul is not a danger to me. I am a danger to Jeong Tae-eul. Quick firing is kind of hard. Right? What? Did you put holes in it beforehand? Couldn't you have secretly shot some on mine? Wow, Lieutenant Kang Sin-jae. I guess you'll get promoted first. You should've worked at the National Police headquarters. Why would you work here when you graduated from the National Police University? All your classmates are Senior Inspectors. You still have no clue about me. I'm not jealous at all that they're Senior Inspectors. Then why are you so bent on taking the promotion test? Because my friends are all Senior Inspectors. Don't worry, my physical abilities can make up for my low scores. It won't help with the written exam. Hang on. I've got a call. Oh, it's our Chief. Yes, Chief. All right, I'll be there right away. There was a murder in Changsin-dong. You drive. - Your Majesty. - Your Majesty. Your Majesty. Is the schedule confirmed for China's visit? We should wait until you've got plenty of rest... I want it scheduled as soon as possible. What other official schedules are there? You have to go to the National Tax Service to receive the Best Taxpayer Award. - The people are responding positively. - Great. You can receive the award on my behalf. And ask the Prime Minister's Office - if they can make the report in advance. - Well... That is enough. Don't try to convince me otherwise. How early do you want the state affairs report? Tomorrow. - Tomorrow? - Yes, if not, His Majesty will accept a written report. This is annoying. Does he think I have time on my hands? Prime Minister. Was I being too nice these days? Let's play a little hard to get. Just send a simple written report. Yes, ma'am. Your outfits for the National Assembly this afternoon. We've referred to female politicians of various countries and selected these suits. They're all pants. Well, most members are males, so we picked more masculine outfits... Do women in politics have to wear suits like that to win? I'll try to win wearing the clothes that I like. Go and have lunch. What did that bitch have that I don't? Jangmi. - Hey, you're here. - Yes. Go, get out of here. I'll get the security footage. - Take him away from here. - Stop contaminating the crime scene. Go. The victim is a 26-year-old female, and the weapon is a kitchen knife. It was reported by her roommate. Okay, I'll get her statement. Okay. Excuse me. I'm Lieutenant Jeong Tae-eul from Jongno Station. I know you're in shock, but you need to come to the station to make a statement. Right now? Yes. Give me a briefing. There are two wounds on her neck, but her posture is natural. She was attacked by surprise while lying down. The first wound was critical. With a cut this deep, she couldn't have put up a fight. There are no signs of entry and she had a facial mask on. The killer was likely an acquaintance. Why is the weapon so clean? The killer put it back where it was after washing it. They tried to get rid of the evidence. So it's a first offender. Even kids know they should wear latex gloves. Hey, our vulnerable Jangmi. Did you find anything? I'm certain that Yu Jeong-hwa from the Royal Wardrobe is the one who's been meeting the Prime Minister's secretary. There cannot be any mistakes regarding this issue. Based on when the guards changed posts, a total of 32 palace workers met His Majesty in person this month. And 21 of them have social media accounts. I followed around 40 personal accounts that they use, and I found this. The same location, the same table from a different angle, and photos in the same style. And most importantly, their faces are reflected on these spoons. It's totally obvious, then. A palace worker spying on His Majesty and spreading rumors, and even stealing and leaking something from the palace... That qualifies as treason. Who put you up to this? Who ordered you to spy on His Majesty? Head Court Lady Noh, I'm sorry. I said His Majesty seemed to have gotten a girlfriend, but I never stole anything. I was on duty on November 11th, and His Majesty came to the Royal Kitchen. And he cooked food himself. So I could tell right away that his girlfriend had come. All right. I can tell that you are not lying. However, you are still fired. Come with me. Yes. Since we share a studio apartment, I leave the house for about an hour whenever her boyfriend comes over. And where did you go? A convenience store nearby. I have an audition soon, so I read my script and went back, and... Please tell me everything you know about the victim's boyfriend. His name's Park Jung-gu. I don't know his exact age, though. I think he's in his late 20s. I heard he's still a student. Do you know his social media account? Yes. Here. Thank you. VIEW PROFILE NAME: PARK JUNG-GU BIRTHDAY: JUNE 6, 1992 You shouldn't leave the city or go abroad for a while. And answer when we contact you. Name, Park Jung-gu. Born on June 6th, 1992. Park Jung-gu, age 28. I have his address. His number matches the one in the victim's call records. It's him. All right... Detective Shim? We have the suspect's address. I'll text it to you, so head there right away. No detours. I'll go and check the witness's alibi. Okay, go do that. All right. I checked Jang Yeon-ji's alibi. She was at the convenience store at that time. I'll drop by Forensics before I head back. PARK MUN-HAENG OF HG GROUP'S SUCCESSION PROCESS UNDERWAY It must have been a tough day. Get some rest, Father. I checked the security footage of the building Park Jung-gu lives in. He didn't go home after the incident. This jerk went into hiding. Forensics says a detailed autopsy report will only be available after three weeks. The cause of death is excessive bleeding from multiple wounds. The wounds match with the kitchen knife. How can we wait three weeks for the report? You should've asked for Hee-ju's help. Didn't you mention me? I did. About your loneliness. I see. You had to mention that out of all the things you could've said about me. Of course. I had to. I wrote and signed a note promising that I will never call you out after 10 p.m. again. So you even wrote and signed a note for her. Wow, you're really unbelievable. We'll talk about this later. All right, everyone. Listen up. - What is it? What about loneliness? - What is it? What's that secret code you're using? It sounds pretty fishy. Tae-eul, you of all people shouldn't be asking questions like that. Don't you think? Out of 100 points for your promotion test, do you know what takes up 47 points? The immediate supervisor's work evaluation score? That's right. Usually, everyone just gets full points for that. Do you want to lose all those points? I don't care. What is it? What did you mean by "loneliness"? I could visit Forensics tomorrow myself. Hey, I can just give you 470 points on your evaluation and send you off to headquarters. That's enough out of you. Listen up. Jang Yeon-ji is still one of the suspects, so keep investigating her. For now, Park Jung-gu is our prime suspect. Put him on the wanted list and find the regular routes he takes. And do stakeouts. That's all. Yes, sir! Come on, let's go. It's better to just get it over with. No, it's not. You have no idea. LOTTERY 5,000 WON Wow, you won 5,000. Let's go buy rice cake skewers. No. I'm going to save these. Save 5,000? Yes, I'm going to save up and win 50 million. I just have to save ten thousand of these. But you always buy ten thousand in lottery tickets. Where did you spend that ten thousand you won? What do you mean? You know, you won ten thousand when I went to the Taekwondo center. Oh, that? I saved it to get double eyelid surgery. And? What do you mean, "and"? Look at my eyes. If I had managed to save it, I'd have double eyelids right now. But I don't. So, should I get the surgery now? Don't waste your money. You're right. That's why I spent it on rice cake skewers. But while we're on the topic... I was really pretty back then. I was young, pure, gentle, and intelligent. I only read professional books back then. Teaching Methods and Utilization of Basic Taekwondo Techniques. Are you drunk? How many big words have you just misused? What? Jangmi and Detective Shim are coming. You're going home, right? Yes. I'm finally getting off work. Gosh. I wonder where Jangmi... buys clothes like that. No one can tell we're cops when he is with us. Gangsters take him with them when they run from us. Your Majesty, China's Foreign Minister and the Chinese ambassador are here. Let's go. China remembers your kindness. Thank you very much for the great Kingdom and Your Majesty who rescued the fishing boat. I heard pink lotus flowers represent trust. I am glad to be sharing a cup of lotus tea with the two representatives of China. Thank you, Your Majesty. To thank Your Majesty for your sincerity, we also prepared a gift. From the new year, all citizens of the Kingdom of Corea will be able to visit 661 cities in China without a visa. It's... an amazing thing for anyone to be able to go anywhere, at any time, as they wish. Your country's gift will be remembered as a precious moment of history. - Hey, you're here. - What? Why? Is it weird? The customers said it looked nice. What should I get you? I was just startled. My palms are sweaty. Did you get a haircut? I'll get chocolate milk tea. Use this. And I want lots of cereal. You know I always want to cut my hair short around this time of year. I tried wearing a wig. But I look better with long hair, right? You're coming here less often these days, though. Are you going to a different cafe? Hey. You're much better than my dad. He didn't even notice when I stayed out all night. You've gotten better at bluffing since I last saw you. Who describes stakeouts like that? You were just working. No, it wasn't a stakeout. I really spent the night at a guy's house. His house was pretty big. Welcome to my palace. Good for you. It's crunchy. By the way, Na-ri. Let's say there's another world, and... there's someone who looks exactly like you there. How would you feel if you met that someone? Are you talking about doppelgangers? I'd have to kill her, of course. Hey. How can you say such a thing in front of a detective? One of the doppelgangers always ends up dying. That's the rule of the universe. Why is that the rule? If there's two of something when there's just supposed to be one, it will cause chaos in the world. One cafe in this alley is enough, and Hero Taekwondo center is enough for this neighborhood. The world needs balance. Tae-eul, why else would NASA hide the existence of aliens? If there are two worlds, then one world is bound to destroy the other. We can't be the ones destroyed. I have to go now. Take care. Just take me to the bamboo forest today. Answer quietly, all right? Your Majesty! I didn't know Your Majesty was coming. Did your schedule change? The weather was nice, so I just dropped by. - All right, Your Majesty. - Go on with your work, then. Go. Giddy-up! No wonder. I thought it was too easy exiting the palace. Were you waiting here? Where are you going again with your phone off? - Are you going to meet Luna again? - Who's Luna? Your Majesty, you've been deceived. That woman isn't Jeong Tae-eul. She's a criminal called Luna. I'm pretty sure she's not. She's the one catching criminals. Your Majesty... Gangsters and the police are all looking for that woman. Document forgery, theft, breaking and entering, assault, pickpocketing... There are hundreds of reports on her. She just hasn't been caught yet. So you're saying that there's a woman with the same face as Jeong Tae-eul in this Kingdom, right? Not the same face. - It's the same person. - And where is this person called Luna? I'm sure you would know better than anyone where she is right now. The same face exists in the Kingdom of Corea. Even if you look at me like that, you can't go. If you must go, you'll either have to kill me or take me with you. Make your choice. - I choose number one. - I'm better than you with swords. Then number two. How can you be joking right now? I told these jerks to stand by. Don't worry about the palace and enjoy your vacation. - Vacation? - It's Ho-pil, right? I texted Ho-pil saying you're going on a long vacation. I'm going on vacation? Yes, we're leaving our horses behind. I believe two horses in that yard is a bit too much. You didn't read the link I sent you, and you won't believe me even if I explain it to you. So, I'm just going to take you there so you can see for yourself. See what for myself? What's between one and zero. And that Jeong Tae-eul and the person you're chasing are different people. And then I'll find that person with the same face as Tae-eul. Your Majesty... This is just the beginning. We're going to be entering another world now. Prince Imperial Geum! You idiot. Don't bow to people like that with my father's face! Stand up. Our conversation will last a while. Yes, Your Highness. So what will you do? The succession process is almost over... but that idiot is dawdling. He's left the palace again. Why does he keep leaving? It keeps getting postponed. Why don't you do something? I'm sure he'll listen to you. What do you want to do after the succession process is over? It's simple. We'll say he got sick and retired and send him off somewhere abroad since he's done with his work. Do you agree with that? I will do as you order, Your Highness. He's acting like that again! What a load of nonsense. I'm the one who asked you to bring that idiot, but he only listens to you, and not me. - Damn it! - The succession... will end smoothly. That's obvious! I'm asking when that will happen! Shit. And if it's nothing urgent, let's just talk over the phone, all right? Stop ordering me to go back and forth... What? What? What... You... You should let your son take over the business. Your real son. Your Highness! Shit! You... What are you jerks up to? Damn it... No, no... No! {\an8}HG Group has made an official announcement that the succession process will end {\an8}by the end of the year, {\an8}and that Chairman Park Mun-haeng will step down from his position. The succession that has been taking place for two years is finally coming to a close. Chairman Park's son, Park Byeong-u, will become the next chairman and take over the business. Take good care of the palace. I'm taking Yeong with me. I'll come back in time by Friday, so don't worry. Your King. Oh, my head. Oh, my heart. It was neither a suicide nor a shooting by the Royal Guards. That body wasn't Prince Imperial Geum's. Secretary Mo, it's me. Tell the portrait painter tomorrow morning to finish up the painting quickly. It looks like His Majesty is wearing a white outfit stained with blood. It makes me uncomfortable. CASE REPORT NAME: JANG YEON-JI RELATIONSHIP WITH THE VICTIM: ROOMMATE {\an8}CASE REPORT NAME: UNKNOWN Then let's say it's Kim Gae-ddong for convenience's sake. "Gae-ddong" as in dog poop? DATE OF BIRTH: UNKNOWN I'm three years older than you. I've finally... met you, Lieutenant Jeong Tae-eul. ADDRESS: UNKNOWN CONTACT: UNKNOWN I thought my name was not supposed to be called, but I guess it was supposed to be called only by you. LEE GON SAVE CHANGES? DO NOT SAVE HERO TAEKWONDO CENTER How... have you been? Have you been waiting for me? That's a relief. I was a bit scared that you didn't want me to come back... How do you have the key? Did you meet my dad? He seemed happy to see me, but he was sad that I didn't bring Maximus. I borrowed the key for a while. You borrowed the key? Why? Oh, my God! Hey, Jo Eun-sup. What are you doing here? Where are the twins? You should've brought them. Hey, but what's with your outfit? And your hair... You're not... Eun-sup. That bitch doesn't have a home or an identity. We must get her while she's in our sight. Otherwise, we can't. Lieutenant Jeong Tae-eul... You brought Jo Yeong here? It was unavoidable. He wouldn't let me go alone. What is this place? I totally understand how you feel. I'm sure we both have a lot of things to worry about, but for now, welcome to the Republic of Korea. Republic... I heard Captain Jo went on vacation. Yes, he only sent one text to the sub-captain, so the team is worried. He's getting some rest while His Majesty is staying in his study. He'll be back around Thursday evening, so don't worry. I have a job for you in the meanwhile. Yes, Head Court Lady Noh. Bring me a list of court workers on duty and the people who visited the palace from November 11 to midnight the day after. Check anyone who has ever so much as touched the palace. What about the one you fired last time? No. She's not the thief I'm looking for. It's someone else. I can't even get a signal. I've never seen him act like that. He looks so cute when he's flustered. Your carefree attitude is what's cute. How can you just bring someone with the same face? What are you going to do if he gets caught? That's why I borrowed this place. Yeong isn't the type to get caught easily. It's King Arthur! The lights were on, so I was wondering... Eun... You two haven't met, right? Why don't I introduce... Well, I guess we could say you've met already. Anyway, this is my guard, the Unbreakable Sword, Jo Yeong. And this is a guard of a police station... Hey! Jo Eun-sup! I can't believe it! You made him faint! What? Did you say he wouldn't get caught? Eun-sup was also raised as a precious only child until his twin siblings were born. What are you going to do if something happens to him? Eun-sup! Jo Eun-sup! Oh, my gosh! What happened? Tae-eul... I literally just saw someone who looked exactly like me... Wow... He's right here. What the hell is this? He looks exactly like me. No. He is me. Who are you? And who are you? Eun-sup. Let me explain. So this is like a parallel universe or something. Don't get too startled, all right? I didn't realize until now, but I'm pretty handsome. You really didn't know? How could you not know? I'm sure people around you would've told you all the time. Why didn't you tell me? Hang on, that's not the point here. So then this means everything was true, right? The Kingdom of Corea really exists, and King Arthur here really is the King? Wow. Wow... Then you're the King's bodyguard, right? No. Are you doing military duties right now? Yes. - Is military service compulsory here? - What do you mean? Is it different where you live? - We have a volunteer military system. - Yes, I guess it could be different. What? Then you don't need to... Why don't we... go to his house first? It'll be the safest there. What's that guy doing? A security check. It's his job. Everything is clear. Wow, I guess you can tell just by looking around. You look pretty professional. Why don't you? I guess you don't know, but I'm his Unbreakable Sword. Your boss wouldn't have been able to go home if it weren't for me. Did you even know that? Well... Something came up. What would you know? Your Majesty, I just realized my 63rd dream. In my next life, I really want to be a citizen of your Kingdom. I won't allow that. All right, why don't we have dinner first? How about half and half? Yeong should try it too. You're crazy. How can you think about chicken right now? I'll shoot him if you order me to. What... Hey! Put that down. You can't use a gun! It's illegal here. Both of you, sit down. We need to make some rules. You'll stay here until you find another place to stay. And you shouldn't be outside at the same time. During the day, Eun-sup can go out. And Mr. Jo can go out at night. - Why should I? - Why should I do that? Do you have a death wish? No. I'm talking to both of you. If it's a problem that we look identical, we can solve it by eliminating one. What? Why are you all looking at me? Wait. Gosh, I was trying to live a quiet life without causing trouble. Don't regret this later saying "I didn't know you'd do this," okay? Eun-sup. I got you fruit and some other stuff. Don't leave the house, okay? And Mr. Lee, follow me. How dare you call His Majesty that... Is this how they've been treating you here? Yes, I missed it. She used to just call me "Hey" or "Mister." Hey... Don't kill him, he belongs to the government. Where are your parents? In Busan. I'm from Busan. Do your parents have the same faces, too? Who are they? Did you get married? They're my twin siblings. They're in Busan for the holidays. Don't you have siblings? No, I'm an only child. An only child. Well, I guess your parents weren't as close as mine. They got divorced. Oh, I'm sorry. Do you want a hug? Gosh! You really have a bad temper! I bet you don't even have a girlfriend. Neither do you. I have a boyfriend. - What? - Did you believe that? You're more gullible than I thought. Did you eat? If you didn't, I'll make something. Nobody is stupid enough to eat at an enemy's camp. Do you guys usually talk like you're in a historical drama? Come to think of it, you don't talk in a dialect. I can use standard Korean, too. Do you want to eat something? Would you like some noodles? Is there anything you can do properly? How can someone have 63 dreams? Are you making deposit accounts or what? Which one has the highest chance of getting fulfilled? Becoming a civilian, of course. I'm fulfilling that dream in two days. My military service ends in two days. In two days you'll become a bum who doesn't even protect the country? Hey, you're pretty harsh. You know, you might have more muscles than me, but I'm pretty good at fighting too. Try me. Don't think about shooting me from behind. The Republic of Korea... What kind of country is this to let a fool like you protect the country? TAEKWONDO CENTER Here, this is my MSD. Try it. It's somaek. Drink all of it. It's quite similar. Unlike someone, my salary is chicken feed, and I don't have a mountain full of rare-earth elements. So I bought it with a 12-month installment plan. Don't break it and take care of it. Don't forget to answer my calls. I saved all the numbers you will need in this world. It seems like you bought it and waited for me to come back. Why did you save Sin-jae's number? They are the five people who will help you regardless of anything in this world. And Sin-jae is one of the most trustworthy people. Not you? For me, the citizens come first. Who are you calling? LEE GON Is it you? - Hang up. - Don't hang up. I always wanted to try this. What is this? Just a normal daily life with you. Call you... Chat on the phone... Ask you what you did today... And tell you that I missed you a lot. Me too. I see. Here is the chicken you ordered. Enjoy. I'm tasting it beforehand since I can't cook. You don't have to. I know our worlds are completely different. But let's try to shorten the gap. This also tastes great. Fine, but let go of my hand. Never. Then grab my left hand. Why did you put those sunglasses on? We have somewhere to go after we eat. It's a daily life I've been planning for a long time. You know, I get nervous when you equip something. Is this the place? Welcome... Oh, it's you again. You brought your girlfriend today. If you hit the target seven times, you can win this. How many bullets do you want? Seven is enough. Right, of course. Are you going to try this time? Right. You can hit them with your eyes closed if you have a boyfriend who's served in the military. Yes. Did you have a boyfriend who's served in the military? "With my eyes closed" is the point here. Can you really see with that on? Shooting is the act of filling the void between me and the target. It's too late if you shoot after you look. You need to look after you shoot. What else do you need? Should I shoot down a star for you? Bang! Are you sure you earned this? Or did you just pay for it? If we have time, let's go to Hongdae next time. There's a teddy bear as big as you. Hongdae? Is that the name of a neighborhood? Then do you know what "the relationship between Hongdae and Kondae" means? They're both universities. They're not that close to each other. Who told you about that? I know I have just met you, but what exactly is the relationship between you and Lieutenant Jeong? The relationship between Mickey Mouse and Bugs Bunny? Between two and three? The relationship between Hongdae and Kondae? So it's not close. But I like both places. Why do you like them? When they're so far away? Why are you taking his side? Take whose side? What are we even talking about? You don't need to know. How can you be a detective when you have no clue about how people feel? Just forget it. Let's go back to our daily life. I need to be comforted. So I will hold your hand. Let's not do this. We don't know when we'll see each other again. Answer me without letting me go. I won't. I wanted to ask as soon as I saw you, but I was holding back. I waited for you as a detective, but also as myself all this time. Has something happened? Were you threatened by someone? I guess that means it will happen. That's why you came. What is it? Is there a dome stadium named K Stadium in the northern region there? With 16,890 seats? How do you know that? Did you look that up too? We're screwed. Give this to Director Hwang of the care center. It's this month's electricity fees. Why are you giving him money two days in advance? He'll take it for granted soon. - Are you going to the other world again? - I do everything in advance, but I won't bring the man with your face too quickly, so don't worry. You can never be sure about people, though. US PRESIDENT TRUMP VISITS NORTH KOREA People... The northern K Stadium created a big buzz even before its construction. As the first-ever dome stadium, it is four-stories tall, and has two basement levels with a seating capacity of 16,890... Is it? Yes, it's news from my world. But you found it here? Who else knows about this? Just me for now. I can't really tell anyone about this. Nobody will believe it anyway. What are you thinking of doing? I need to investigate further. This was my case before I even met you. It could be more dangerous than you think. That's why I thought about just covering it up. But... if I cover it up, then no one will ever find out about this since there would be only two people who know about this. Me And the culprit. The two worlds shouldn't get mixed up like this. They're supposed to stay on their respective paths. But the two worlds are already colliding, and I've discovered it. So what else could I do? I decided to investigate. I'm a police officer in the Republic of Korea. So tell me anything you know about this. This is a cooperative investigation that only we can do. And the order of command? I'm your superior, of course. I give the orders here. You've been carrying this around? You're carrying lots of stuff around. Lee Lim? That's... Yes, the traitor. If he's alive, he'll be 69 right now. You should find someone who matches his age, blood type, and fingerprints. In my world, his body was found the year after he committed treason. But the body... was someone else's. If Lee Lim is alive... He's here using that body's identity. That's right. We have to figure out what he's done here for the past 24 years. I'll look into it. But until I find something, do just 17 things. Stay quiet, don't draw people's attention, don't tell anyone you're a king, keep Jo Yeong out of trouble, don't use any guns, contact me whenever you go somewhere, and I'll tell you the rest when I think of any. I'll do as you order. Do just two things for me. Don't tell me not to come, and don't tell me not to leave. I have to go back sometimes, and when I do, I want to come back soon. Whichever it is, if you tell me not to come or leave, I don't think I'll be able to do anything. So I'm asking you not to get exhausted. I feel like a lousy man after saying that. Am I? I'm confused about which part you were nodding to. You should go now. Yeong will be waiting for you. He'll be anxious since he doesn't know where you are. Why would you think Yeong doesn't know where I am? He's following us around here too? I guess I've made you curious. I'll be off now. There's something else... I'm curious about. Am I really not in your world? Eun-sup and Jo Yeong, Na-ri and that palace worker... Even this person had the same face. Do I really not exist there? I do, don't I? How is it sleeping in the night duty room? My wages are garnished, right? Come on, don't say it like that. There's an official term for that. Seizure. I'll get it handled soon. The night duty room smells nice. It's good. Of course, it does. Jangmi handed out questionnaires asking what flower you liked. It took three whole days to decide that it was lavender. Next time, tell him I like mugwort. Mugwort? Why? Is something outside? Is it snowing? Do you still like snow at your age? I really like snow. I get teary when it snows. Well, it's not snowing much this year. Hey, the beef is burning. Do you think they flip themselves over when it gets hot? My gosh. You never had expensive beef before, have you? Sin-jae. Sin-jae. Honey! Honey, Sin-jae is awake! Sin-jae. Can you recognize me? Sin-jae. I found someone with matching fingerprints. Lee Seong-jae, died 24 years ago. He died from natural causes at Yangsun Care Center. What case is this for? Well, I got a report. Born 1951, same blood type... Class two physical disability? He was born with poliomyelitis. Call me with any questions. - I'm busy. - Yes. Thank you. His brother died from a hit-and-run, and his nephew died in an accident. What happened to this family? So Lee Gon was here too. MR. JO EUN-SUP, THANK YOU FOR USING OUR HOTEL I finished the security check. You haven't checked your expression. We're going to stay here for a while. I brought plenty of gold this time. Your Majesty. You must return to the palace. I can't protect you here, Your Majesty. What is this place, and how long have you been coming here? You Majesty, we don't have a life here. You've endured a lot, Captain Jo. Yeong. I can't leave the palace permanently or give up coming here altogether. So you have to help me. I'm going to go back Thursday evening, but I'm going to leave you here. - That is why I brought you with me. - You're talking nonsense right now. One more person... who doesn't belong here has been added to this world. There's a chance that the traitor Lee Lim is still alive. What... do you mean? You and Eun-sup, Tae-eul and Luna. The same faces. Don't you get it? Let's say your theory is correct. What if he's in our world? In our world, there are enough reasons and people... to kill him. But there aren't any here. Only you. But Your Majesty... MR. JO EUN-SUP, THANK YOU FOR USING OUR HOTEL This is the third time. This may be a rule, not a side effect. What rule is it? What do I know so far? The Manpasikjeok... Lee Lim... The bamboo forest... I have to block that forest. My job is to protect you. Yeong. Lee Lim is going back and forth just like me. And I think time stops whenever he does. You stopped moving just a moment ago. I'm sure he already knows... that I've left the palace. But I don't know if Lee Lim left here or came here. I have to go back... and find that out. All right. I'll believe you, so prove it. Show me proof... that time stopped. Check your left pocket. IS THIS ENOUGH PROOF? Is this enough proof? Yeong. He and I each have half of a certain object. If I lose my half to him, he'll be the only one who can open the door between our worlds. Then, we'd lose our lives in our world as well. That's why... you must kill him as soon as you find him. It's a King's Order. Captain Jo. Your phone's off so I'm leaving a message. I found that woman called Luna I told you about last time. But the strange thing is, the fingerprints you gave me last time matched Luna's. That's why I called you. The funny thing is though... She already got arrested for larceny, {\an8}so she was actually in jail. {\an8}0631 SPECIAL LARCENY Prime Minister Koo. Prime Minister Koo. I'm off work. This is nine-minute care. Stretch your body for nine minutes. Your face will literally light up once you hear this while you are getting the care. The Royal Court sent a set of fingerprints to the forensics. And it turned out to be a woman. But there is something weird about it. Her identity was unknown until she was arrested... Forget it. Give it to me. 0631 SPECIAL LARCENY What? This girl is an ex-convict? And she went into prison in that short period of time? You know her? Do I? It's scary if you do know her. She has a history of forgery, trespassing, assault, theft, and so on. She's unbelievable. Another thing is, she'll be released soon and she was locked up not long ago. Released? When? YANGSUN CARE CENTER I was planning on telling you when I was sure, but I think there is someone with your face in my world. Parallel worlds, same faces, same ID card, balance... Where did my new ID card disappear to? Who is keeping the balance? Send things that need to be sent and throw away useless ones. There was somethings we received from your home. - From my mom's house? - Yes. FROM KIM SEONG-AE You can head home now. All right. "North Korea"? Donald Trump is the US President? What is this? They're really not controlling fake news. US PRESIDENT TRUMP VISITS NORTH KOREA DONGNAE PENETENTIARY Good to see you again. We've met before, right? Hey, this was my last cigarette. What are you going to do? {\an8}The very first time you came here... would you have fallen for me? {\an8}-It would've led me to fall for you. - I'm going to kill that man over there. {\an8}You have to catch him. {\an8}Get the money ready. The bills with the King's face. {\an8}What happened? {\an8}So he first killed himself and then killed me. {\an8}You're a miracle to me. {\an8}I saw something weird on it. {\an8}Jang Yeon-ji has two cell phones? {\an8}I can switch it off and on whenever necessary. {\an8}You must be one of those who stood on my father's blood. {\an8}Will I be able to catch up with you? {\an8}Hands off unless you want to die. Do I exist in this world? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 