Salvation: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Salvation 
 s1e7 - Seeing Red - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Salvation (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Seeing Red - full transcript 
 Darius and Grace slip off to Russia to try an head off nuclear war. Liam finds solace with Amanda. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Previously on Salvation... - Russia has shut off all communication with the U.S. government. - Why? - We don't know. Secretary Calhoun, I know the Russian ambassador. Katya Osinov, she's a friend, I can reach out to her. Whatever we stole from you is retribution. Retribution for what? Something called Atlas. What exactly did she say, Ms. Barrows? Grace? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 She didn't know, or couldn't say. An asteroid is coming in 148 days? Liam, how could you keep this from me? I got to go. - Where? - Home. Jillian... nobody outside the Pentagon knows about this, - and if word got out... - Screw you. Who is this? (Distorted Voice) A friend... with the same agenda. Atlas. Check the message. All roads lead to Tanz. Who are you? RE/SYST? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The global hacker collective? If we can get the crystal from Nicholas, we can rebuild our own EmDrive. HARRIS: I don't want to be without you anymore. KATYA: We only hope the Americans do not make any more moves signaling aggression toward the Russian people. They're saying Russia's pointing missiles at us, preparing for war. (Indistinct Chatter) (Reporters Clamoring) (Chatter Subsides) Morning. As you're aware, Russia violated the Intermediate Range Nuclear Forces Treaty earlier today when it ground-tested banned missiles. In addition, the Russian government has opened its missile silos, indicating its intentions to engage in military conflict. These actions are a threat to international security. The president and Secretary of Defense have been in closed door discussions with NATO and are crafting an appropriate response. - (Reporters Clamoring) - Yes, Russ? RUSS: Grace, can you give us any insight into the reasons behind Russia's sudden aggressive stance? The Russian government hasn't given any as of yet. But our conscience is clear. These acts of aggression are unprovoked. First, they pulled their ambassador, then they violate the anti-missile treaty. The DoD has to know something. I just told you what we know, Ms. Neel. Maybe you should listen better. (Reporters Clamoring) WOMAN: Is the president going to give a statement to the American people? When the president has something to say, she'll say it. What alternatives are being considered, Grace? All options are on the table. (Reporters Clamoring) HARRIS: We returned from London at 0700 hours this morning in possession of a rare crystal needed to reconstruct a new full-scale EmDrive. CALHOUN: Which will propel a gravity tractor to the asteroid in time to divert it? It's a bold move, Harris. And done without my advice - or my authorization. - Sometimes, it's better to ask for forgiveness than permission. You taught me that, sir. It's only better if you get results. And we did. We narrowly beat the Russians to that meteorite. But they can still build an EmDrive with the prototype they stole from Tanz Industries and then use it to launch their own gravity tractor, correct? Yes, but there's no telling whether they'll be successful. Or whether they have the same goals as we do. CALHOUN: Whoever launches this thing first has control of the outcome. Where are we with Mr. Tanz? He's within days of having a fully functioning EmDrive. Good. This is a race we need to win. Claire, let POTUS know we're moving forward with the launch as soon as Tanz is ready. But the Russians have issued a warning: if we launch anything, they'll shoot it down. With everything that's happening, sir, it's a credible threat. And so are we. Let's just hope no one makes a move they regret. (Door Opens) Well. (Door Closes) That was grueling. My tap shoes need new soles. I'm sorry. (Chuckles) Oh. I wish we could just run away, spend our last days on an island somewhere, pretend none of this was happening. Yeah. I know. Mm. But that's not who you are. You're a fighter, Grace. And we're in this together. No matter what. First, the Russians steal our EmDrive. Now they're threatening military action. Why would they stand in our way? We don't know, and it's useless to speculate. But rest assured, we are going to do whatever it takes to launch it. "Whatever it takes"? Is that supposed to be comforting? Harris, they've got missiles poised at the ready, and our governments are not talking to each other. You must know something about what's happening here. I know what you know. GRACE: Retribution for what? Something called Atlas. Is it possible this has something to do with Project Atlas? I know you said - never to mention it... - Atlas is a dead program, Grace. The files were closed years ago. What would make you think that? (Knocking On Door) Come in. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, line one, sir. Thank you. Grace. You do your job, let us do ours. Just tell Darius to keep plugging away. (Quietly) Okay. (Door Closes) Do I need to take your phone away? Geez. You're like Big Brother, you're always watching. Big Brother's also waiting very impatiently. - Where are we on the LIDAR? - Uh... Laser system is measuring distance to one millimeter. It is ready to be installed to the gravity tractor. The EmDrive...? Cone's being dusted. Let me see the guidance systems chip. Almost. See if you can increase the through put by another ten percent. I'm not sure what the rush is. We can't even launch the thing. The Russians are just gonna shoot it out of the sky. The EmDrive will take weeks to propel the gravity tractor up to that asteroid. We need to work fast and hope that the government ends this geopolitical quagmire in time. Since when do you have faith in the government? I don't. But, you know, on the off chance that I'm wrong... just get back to it. Okay. Thanks for the pep talk. In your next life, don't coach Little League. (Sighs) Liam. - You have a visitor. - Who? Amanda Neel, that reporter from Capitol Eyes. - Should I show her the door? - Yeah. Yeah, the door to hell, where she belongs. Wait. I'll show her the door myself. (Doorbells Jingle) Good morning. Welcome... Jillian. JILLIAN: Hi, Dad. Excuse me one second, would you, please? What're you doing here? I mean, you know, I'm glad to see you. I have a couple days off work, and I wanted to come home. Oh, I'm so glad you did. Mwah. - Why did they... - Oh, yeah. You see what's going on with the news? It's crazy stuff, huh? Yeah. It's crazy. Oh, hey, hey, hey. What? What is it? You okay? Hey, hey. What's go... what's going on? (Sighs) Dad, there's, um... something important I need to tell you. LAURA: Hey, I just found a first edition Hemingway from a book dealer in Newton. Jillian. Laura. JILLIAN: What are you doing here? I'm-I'm working here now. I thought your dad told you. Yeah. I, uh... (Chuckles) I got some news for you, as well, Jills. I don't know, I should probably just... just come right out with it, right? Uh... (Sighs) Laura and I are engaged. I just wanted to apologize. Jillian told me that she was going home to Boston. And I never meant to cause a rift in your relationship. A rift? Try black hole. What exactly did you tell her? The truth. That I was worried about you. - Hard as that is to believe. - Oh, no, not at all. You seem like a very caring - snake in the grass. - Look, I... I've been chasing a story. Ever since I saw you, Darius and Grace Barrows - at the Embassy Ball. - Really? I thought you were just flirting with me. Okay, I know that I wasn't honest with you that night. I'm sorry. But since then, people have died. And I-I think it has something to do with this. I got this photo from a reputable source. Supposedly, it's tied to a secret government program. Project Atlas. What is it? Maybe you should ask your boss. That's Tanz technology. Which means you're in the middle of something big. Dead center. With everything that's happening now, with Russia, I think it's all connected. What makes you say that? This. LIAM: It's in Russian. The Russian Government hasn't given any as of yet. But our conscience is clear. These acts of aggression are unprovoked. Well, if it isn't the stable girl. Nobody shovels manure - quite like Grace Barrows. - Can you turn that off? I can't get enough. GRACE: Will you please turn that off? It's binge TV. How will we destroy the world today? I can't wait to find out. You want me to brief you on the latest or would you like to mock me for a few more minutes? H-How did we end up here, Grace? We've got a working EmDrive, a gravity tractor ready to launch, and our incompetent leaders can't get it off the ground without starting World War III. - Explain, please. - I wish I could. I can't get a straight answer from anyone. So all that gush from Harris at the hangar the other day about how he wants to be with you forever, he didn't tell you forever might mean a day and a half the way these goons run things? Darius, you're really pushing my limit. We've done the impossible. We've hand-delivered a solution to the world's greatest problem, but they've completely mucked it up. How are we supposed to come up with a game plan - when we don't even know what's on the board? - Hey. I think I may be able to help. TANZ: Looks like a piece of my tech fused to some sort of rock. - Where in Russia was this taken? - LIAM: I don't know. The metadata was erased, but there's some lettering here on this backpack. GRACE: "We learn not for the school but for life." Russian Studies minor. LIAM: Well, Amanda, that reporter, she says it has something to do with Project Atlas. Atlas? She brought that up to me a few weeks ago. - Do you know what it is? - No. I just know it gets people killed when they poke their noses where they don't belong. - Harris said it was a dead program, but... - But what? My friend Katya, the Russian ambassador, she said her country stole our EmDrive out of retribution - for Atlas. - We need to talk to her. We can't. She was called back to Moscow when they shuttered the embassy. Liam, contact Amanda Neel. You need to dig deeper. Find out where she got that photo. Meantime, I'm gonna find out what my technology has to do - with all this. - How? By going to the source. Grab your passport and a pair of comfortable shoes. We're going to Russia. (Chuckles) What? Why? They won't talk to us. No. They won't talk to the government. Maybe they'll talk to me. Grace, the world's about to catch fire, and we may be the only ones who can stop it. Are you coming or aren't you? ZOE: What kind of meeting? Uh, business with Darius Tanz. - But I can't... - You can't talk about it. You know, I really don't know why we talk at all. Zoe, look, I can't tell you what I'm working on right now, but there is something I can tell you. (Sighs) I'm seeing someone. Darius Tanz? (Chuckles): No, no, no. Oh. Harris Edwards. Your boss? - (Car Honks Outside) - Wow. Is that even allowed? No. Which is why I've had to be discreet. Are you serious about him? I'm planning on transferring out of the Pentagon so we can be together. (Scoffs) He's got a son your age, Dylan. We've been wanting to tell you both for so long, but it was complicated. When I'm back, I want you to meet him. Me, too. (Chuckles) Thank you for telling me. Of course. (Car Honks Outside) Good luck. I love you. (Exhales) Yes, Millie. A family emergency. I hope to be back tomorrow. - Thank you. - The jet will get us there in a few hours. Private plane, no names on the manifest. Phone. Can't take any chances we're being tracked. What'd you tell Harris? Nothing. Plausible deniability. He's already put his ass on the line, he... can't do it again without repercussions. Must be hard, all these secrets between you. We all have our roles to play. This is the part I've chosen. How long will it take the USS Pike and her battle group - to reach the Baltic? - Approximately 48 hours. All right, well, get them moving. We'll shoot down anything they launch. What about retaliation? We can hit Moscow faster than they can hit us. Our NATO allies have given us that edge, and Russia knows that. We'll have to get all our teams in position and hope the Russians aren't stupid enough to destroy themselves. And the rest of us along with them. I need a moment of your time. Both of you. Before the Russians pulled out, the agency was monitoring all communications with their ambassador, Katya Osinov, including her meeting with Grace Barrows. Tell me something I don't know. Okay. KATYA: Whatever we stole from you is retribution. GRACE: Retribution for what? KATYA: Something called Atlas. (Taps Keyboard) CLAIRE: Grace Barrows got this information from the Russian ambassador and kept it from us. They know about Atlas. Which explains everything. Get me Grace Barrows... now. Mom hasn't even been gone two years. I know. It's a lot to process. "Process"? Laura was Mom's best friend. She moved in on you like the shark from Jaws. That is not true. And that is not fair. (Sighs) My soul mate died... and I-I figured my heart would die with her. Laura was there. At first as just a friend, but... It just happened. Do what you want, Dad. Jillian. Jillian. Wait. What is going on with you? You don't seem yourself. Did something happen? At work or with Liam? LIAM: Jillian. Nobody outside the Pentagon knows about this, and if word got out... Oh, screw you. I got to get some air. What kind of family emergency? She didn't say. She cleared her schedule, left the Pentagon and turned off her phone. Go ahead. Try calling her. (Line Ringing) GRACE: You've reached Grace Barrows. Please leave a message. (Phone Beeps) (Sighs) Millie, the second you hear from Ms. Barrows, I want you to patch her into my phone immediately. - Where are you going? - To find Grace. Harris. A reminder. You can't let personal feelings get in the way - of your judgment here. - Thank you, Claire, but I don't need to be schooled in my job duties. I'd hardly call you objective when it comes to Grace. And, Harris, if she doesn't have an outstanding reason why she left this key piece of information out of her debrief, not even you will be able to protect her. For a country that outlawed religion not so long ago, there's a hell of a lot of churches around here. You're sure this is the right one? Yeah. When I visited last year, she took me here. Grace. What are you doing here? Darius Tanz. I know who you are. We need to talk. I'm with my family. Katya, things are urgent. Please. Hey. So, you wanted Darius's attention, and you got it. I need to know a few more details about the photo. And what do I get in exchange? What do you want? GRACE: Katya, your government's cut off all communications with the United States. We're on the brink of war, and we don't know why. You mentioned something about Atlas being the cause? Yes. You must know something more about it. Why don't you ask Mr. Tanz? He spearheaded it. Oh, I'm-I'm afraid I-I don't understand. Does this photo have any meaning to you? It was taken here in Russia. Just more proof. Proof? Of what? That the U.S. was working with you, Mr. Tanz, to create some sort of super weapon to destroy us. Atlas is a weapons program? That's all I know. That and Mr. Tanz's company provided the weapon. I can assure you, Ms. Osinov, whatever Atlas is or was, I had no part in it. I started my company with one goal: to create a better world, not destroy it. This is a misunderstanding. If Darius and I could get a meeting with the minister of defense... Grace. I've said too much. I have my family to think about. Katya, wait. If we don't end this conflict, the entire human race will become extinct. They say that about every war. I'm not talking about a war. I'm talking about something much worse. What could be worse? There's something I need to tell you. (Knock On Door) Hey. Zoe? Yes? I'm Deputy Secretary of Defense Harris Edwards. I need to speak to your mother now. - How soon? - 146 days. I have the technology to stop it, but we have to be able to launch it without getting blown out of the sky. We're not the enemy. We just need a chance to prove it. Please, can you broker a meeting with your government? Everything's at stake. LIAM: RE/SYST. The hacker group sent you the photo unsolicited? Yeah. And so how do I get in touch with them? You can't. That's my source. - They're underground. - Did they say who they got the photo from? No. But... whatever Atlas is, it nearly got me killed, Liam. A car came out of nowhere and hit me head-on. Holy crap. Yeah. When I met you that first night, I started out just looking for a big story. But now I'm really just looking for the truth. So... what was that bruise that Jillian saw on you? Well, you know, I... I already told you. I'm Darius's new head of security, so sometimes, - sometimes I get into scrapes. - Mm. I do. Sometimes I do. - (Laughs) Okay. - (Laughs) She felt like you were hiding something, and I have the same feeling. So what I want to know is what's your secret? I gave up everything. You gave me nothing. How is that fair? No one said life was fair. You're lucky you're cute or else you'd be a dead man right now. Are you threatening me? I'm more dangerous than I look. Yeah, I do not doubt that for a minute. (Laughs) So? I should get something for my troubles, no? Well, it only seems fair. I should probably be heading home before I do anything stupid. Is this stupid? Well, you know, I don't want you to think that I'm easy. Mm. (Laughs) Can we get the check, please? A business trip with Darius Tanz? ZOE: Yeah. Figured she told you since you're her boss. Right. I must have just confused the dates, that's all. If you speak to her, can you tell her I'm looking for her and it's important? Of course. Yeah. Thanks. Oh. Mr. Edwards? I'm glad I finally got to meet you. Glad I got to meet you, too, Zoe. (Door Opens) (Siren Wailing In Distance) This is best room I have, honeymoon suite. Oh. Yeah, it's lovely. Thank you. We like quiet, Valentina. Oh, quiet you shall have. Not my usual five-star haunt, but we're trying to keep a low profile. One bed. - Couldn't spring for a double? - Oh, don't worry. I, um, I don't sleep. Wow. This place probably hasn't been renovated since Lenin slept here. (Line Ringing) - LIAM: Hello. - It's me. Yeah, good timing. I cribbed a ton of photos from Amanda. I'm going through them right now. That photo, the one with the rock, I need to know exactly where it was taken. Tess has a geo-recognition program. Have her locate any photos posted on social media that match the imagery in that picture. I'll need a few hours. Tell Tess to work quickly. That photo is key to everything. (Car Horn Honking) GRACE: Oh, it's been three hours. What if she changes her mind? How would we even know? Darius, what are you doing? Of course you are. Anna Karenina. Much better in the native tongue. Spoiler alert, she kills herself. Pass me one of those burner phones. Thanks. Hello? Hi, baby, it's me. Just checking in. Mom, I've been trying to reach you. Uh, sorry, I... my phone died. Harris came by looking for you. He did? He had no idea where you were. Well, we must have gotten our lines crossed. Yeah. Uh, he said it's really important that you call him. Honey, I may need to stay an extra day. Are you good? Yeah. Are you? Of course. I love you. Me, too. Harris came by looking for me. He's never done that before. What do you make of it? Nothing good. To drink or not to drink. That is the question. I always say if you have to ask, you probably need one. (Typing) (Exhales) (Rock Music Playing) (Message Dings) GRACE: Something bad's going down, otherwise Harris wouldn't risk outing himself to Zoe. You've never talked to her about Harris? Not until last night. So, you've gone public with it? To a point. Not Calhoun or Claire. Oh, I feel privileged to be among those in the know. You don't like him. I like him. I just don't trust him. He stepped outside the lines at great risk to himself to get that crystal for the EmDrive. And showed the fair maiden he could be a prince, after all. - Bravo. - Okay. (Laughs) I don't know who you think he was 15 years ago. He's not that same guy. He's evolved. Harris is a company man through and through. It's in his DNA. Something he can't change. DNA might not change, people do. (Knock On Door) - What's it say? - Katya's arranged for us to meet with the minister of defense. There's a car waiting with instructions inside. Before we go... Hello? TANZ: Liam, what did you find? Yeah, the photo was taken in Russia. Tess was able to find the park where the photo was shot. It's located at these coordinates: 55.2030 degrees north, 61.5206 degrees east. TANZ: Okay, which is where exactly? The strangest of places: Chelyabinsk. We've been working on impact prevention since Chelyabinsk back in 2013. That process has now been expedited. Were you able to date that photo at all? Yeah, February 2013. - Isn't that when...? - Yes. Can you track down the source? Yeah. Give me the bad news before you start slurring. You might want to sit down. The reason all this is happening... Russia closing their embassy, threatening war if we launch anything into space... Is because they're afraid we might do it again. Do what again? Revive Project Atlas, Grace. That photo was taken in Chelyabinsk. Where the meteor hit Russia in 2013. Exactly, except that meteor strike was no natural disaster. It was a weapon wielded by America using... (Sighs) my guidance system. So Katya was right. Atlas is a weapons program. Yes, except the weapon... was an asteroid. And we crashed it into Russia? Oh, my God. We're the bad guys. I need to speak to Darius. Where is he? I'm not at liberty to say. You will lose your liberty if you don't. This is a matter of national security. It can't wait. He's not here. He took a jet and didn't tell me where he went. No wonder the Russians don't trust us, not after what we've done. If by "we" you mean the U.S. government, then I agree. My friend Walter Carnahan, he stumbled across Atlas and was murdered. Our government killed him rather than let out their dirty secret and risk... Starting World War III, ironically. And now here we are. But we still don't know who was involved. I mean, the president, anyone. Anyone could be culpable or innocent. I can't believe Harris would be complicit in something this evil. If NASA launches the gravity tractor, then the Russians will blow it out of the sky. Thinking we're trying to weaponize another asteroid. But if Tanz Industries were to launch it as a private entity with Russian oversight... We'd have a chance of setting everything right. They don't need to trust the United States. They need to trust us. - Where's Darius? - Hey, what are you doing here? - Where's Darius? - Gone. With Grace? Don't put me in the middle here. Where did you get these? Amanda Neel. - The reporter? - Yeah. She doesn't know I have them. Don't ask. Okay, where are Grace and Darius? If I plead the Fifth, are you gonna arrest me? 'Cause I still - have to finish the EmDrive. - Damn it, Liam, they might be in trouble, and I can't help them if I don't know where they are. Moscow. (Chuckles Softly) (Quietly) Oh, my God. Can you track them for me? No, they have a one-way burner. The second you hear from them, you call me. That is an order from the United States government. (Siren Wailing In Distance) (Doorbells Jingle) I'm sorry. DANIEL: No, no. That was, I... I didn't handle that well. Jillian. I just want you to know that I love your father. And I'll never do anything to come between the two of you. We're gonna wait to get married. Until you're ready. Don't wait. DANIEL: What? I mean, there's no time like the present. And I want you both to be happy. Oh, girl. Come here. What... Shh. (Kisses) Oh, hey, I almost forgot. You never told me your big news. Oh, um... I quit my job. And my boyfriend. But I'm staying right where I belong. Here, with my family. Oh, you. Mm.(Kisses) (Exhales) Okay, Tess. The hackers used a VPN to mask their IP address. Can you find it? TESS: Scanning now. Tess, what's up? The encryptions are multi-tiered. Oh, come on. They haven't met you, though. (Computer Trilling) You got it? The photo was sent from a computer terminal located at this address. Thank you. If they're willing to hear us out, why all the cloak and dagger? Because they can't afford to be seen dealing with us any more than we can be seen dealing with them. At least, not until we lock down an agreement. Okay, this is the spot. She said there'd be a blue compact waiting for us. - Right there. - That's it? I figured the ambassador would send us a Dartz Prombron. Gold-plated trim, diamond-encrusted gauges, - whale penis leather seats... - Please tell me you're kidding. I'm not actually. - Grace. - (Gasps) Move out of the way, move! (Horn Blaring) Darius. (Car Alarm Blaring) We need to get out of here, now. You all right? We need to move fast. Grab our passports and go. I can't believe Katya would betray us like that. I'm not sure she did. No. No, Katya, no. Don't, don't, don't, don't. TANZ: Jaundice. It could be polonium poisoning. - She might be radioactive. - She has a daughter. Oh, my God, what have I done? - (Sirens Wailing) - Grace. There's no time for emotions, we need to grab our passports, and get the hell to my plane. - Darius, I can't just leave her. - Grace, Grace, she's gone! She's gone. And we're gonna be arrested for her murder if we don't get out of here. Now, go. So, what exactly happened at your facility on the 19th at approximately 2350 hours? - Sir? - At ease, Lieutenant. This is just a routine check of our security procedures. What protocols did you complete prior to the release of that enriched uranium? Every single one of them, sir. Ms. Barrows had the proper access code. Then I called you to personally verify authorization. - And you spoke to me? - Yes, sir. There's a record of the call in the log. And I gave my personal code? - Absolutely, sir. - That's odd, I have no record of that call on my phone. My cell didn't record it, either. There must be a glitch in the Tanz O.S. upgrade. (Phone Ringing) - Hmm. Could've sworn that was me. - Nope, that's me. Sorry, I should actually take this. (Exhales) That must be it. You know, my son always says never to download an update the same day it's released. Thank you, Lieutenant. That will be all. (Door Closes) (Sighs) Yes, this is Harris Edwards, authorization code: 89564, Zulu, Bravo. Suspend Grace Barrows's A4 security clearance until further notice, effective immediately. (Sighs) (Phone Beeps) Hi, it's Jillian. Yes, I know. It's been a while. Something's happened, or happening. I was hoping we could talk. (Siren Wailing In Distance) (Train Horn Blows) (Pounding On Door) This way. (Door Slams) (Percussive Electronic Music Playing) (Music Grows Louder) Liam Cole. Welcome to RE/SYST. We've been waiting for you. (Footsteps Approaching) Someone once said the two most powerful warriors are patience and time. Who was that? A Russian. Leo Tolstoy. Too bad we have neither. My contact in Moscow just told me that Katya Osinov was murdered. Well, that's one less player on the board. Is that all? Not quite. Her body was found in a hotel room booked by two Americans, who came in on a private jet. A man and a woman. Grace Barrows and Darius Tanz are in Russia? - Apparently. - Well, then, that's good news. Because we might be able to kill off two birds with one stone without lifting a finger. Wait here. (Newscaster Speaking In Russian) Grace. (Newscaster Speaking In Russian) Darius, they're gonna frame us. Give me your passport. What? Why? No. No way. What are you doing? Without our papers, we're nobody. That's exactly who we have to be if we want to get out of here alive. Keep your head down. (Siren Wailing) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 