Salvation: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Salvation 
 s1e10 - Coup de Grace - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Salvation (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 10 - Coup de Grace - full transcript 
 Grace and Darius seek answers from the President and Harris discovers deadly secrets. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Salvation"... Last night, someone tried to kill me. Grace, we're gonna find out who targeted you. There'll be hell to pay. For the record, that kiss between Liam and me, it didn't mean anything. What if you could make a difference? Right here, with me. I'm in. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Theresa. Grace, this is. Lazlo's sister, Tess. You were in love with her, weren't you? If you tell me to stop, I will. What if I don't? I think we've had enough collaboration with Tanz Industries for one lifetime. He's the secretary of defense. I can't overrule him, even if I wanted to. We're gonna have to extract the crystal from Nicholas Tanz, my uncle. What's the plan? - Retribution. - We have liftoff. We have EmDrive thrust. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Now we can celebrate. The president is ill. I fear she's not in a position to make the best decisions. Tess unlocked your wouldbe assassin's phone. The call came from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. The White House. You're sure about this? No. We stopped in Moscow. We can stop now if you want. No. What about Harris? What about me? I told you... you liked him too much. What the hell do you think you're doing? Nice morning for a swim, Randall. I'm not in the mood for your games, Bennett. What is it you want? What I want? I think it's about what you want. I'm hearing a lot of chatter that you're having second thoughts. Things are in motion, Randall. Already in play. Yes, I'm aware. So, why don't you just sit tight, and not rock the boat? Or next time, you won't need the towel. - Hey. - "hey"? What happened to, "Good morning, Mom"? Were you going through my purse? Yeah. Can I borrow $20? Haven't got paid yet. Have to stop for gas. Sure. Where you off to? Late for work. Zo. Wait, you're not wearing your uniform. Yeah, it's in my trunk. I'll throw it on when I get there. - If you tell me to stop, I will. - What if I don't? He's early. I thought we should go through this before we... - Yeah. - The goal, obviously... To get a meeting with her. I just know they're not telling us everything. Of course they're not. But the gravity tractor is sailing towards our asteroid friend, so all is going to plan up there. Let's just make sure all is going to plan down here. Are you sleeping okay? Yeah. Just, um, having weird dreams. I can imagine. They're ready for you. A meeting... with the president? Yes, we have some business to discuss. In light of our service to country, this should be fairly simple to arrange. Of course, President Mackenzie is grateful for your service. Launching the gravity tractor as you did was a coup, to be sure, but as you can imagine, she's extremely pressed for time. I'd have to know the purpose of such a meeting. Three days ago, someone tried to kill me. A pro. My God. We traced incoming calls to the assassin's phone. We don't know who made them, but we do know where they came from. The White House. The only way to get to the bottom of this is to go to the top. I've known the president since she was Governor Mackenzie. I was a big supporter. She'll see me. I'm afraid it's not quite that simple, Mr. Tanz. The president... is unwell. - Meaning? - Sometimes she's confused. Not mentally sharp. What? She has good days, but she also has bad days. How long has this been going on? Long enough. We're gonna have to keep this under wraps until the current crisis subsides. You understand why this must remain in this room. Of course, yeah. Um, we appreciate your time. We need to talk. I call bull. I call bureaucracy. She's covering her ass. Or someone's. Sounds like a Monday at the Pentagon. Every day at the Pentagon actually. Claire's the gatekeeper. If we can't get to the president, let's bring the president to us. Hello? Amanda, this is Darius Tanz. - I've been waiting for your call. - The wait's over. You wanted a source on the record. You just got one. Hey. Jillian, I have some good news I wanted to share with you. We pulled off the launch. The EmDrive is working. - That's amazing. - I know. How long until you know if it's working working? Like, a few weeks. Well, thank you for telling me. Look, and, Jillian, what happened with Amanda... I only kissed her as a distraction so that I could clone her phone. Sounds like it was horrible. Really took one for the team. I don't care about her. I care about you. You're all I think about. Hey, kiddo. You coming, J? Ton to do. I'll be right there. He calls you "J"? Diddid he just call me "kiddo"? Liam, can we not do this, please? I've got work to do and so do you. Darius Tanz said all this? On tape and on the record. Holy hell. I don't know how you did it, Amanda, but... you're gonna win a Pulitzer for this. Let's run it. You do the honors. Okay. Guessing this is gonna set off alarms in some pretty high places. What are you suggesting, Harris? I'm not suggesting anything. I'm asking a question. Are we putting hits on our own citizens? I need answers and I need them now. Um... There's a certain group, within the inner circle, that has taken this opportunity... Opportunity? You mean what's happening with the president's health? Yes. And the current crisis. I would have said it was impossible a few months ago, but after what happened to Grace, I don't know what to think. Who's in this inner circle? I don't know exactly. I've been marginalized, Harris. There's so much secrecy, I can't tell you who's even pulling the strings at this point. But I do know one thing. Calhoun is involved. Yeah? Sir, this just came in. Darius Tanz just called a live press conference. Two days ago, Capitol Eyes News published a story alleging that in 2013, the United States used a device called a gravity tractor to guide an asteroid into Chelyabinsk, Russia. Today I'm going on record to say that this story is true. Pentagon Press Secretary. Grace Burrows and I traveled to Russia and learned firsthand that. Tanz's guidance system technology was found embedded in meteorite fragments... in Chelyabinsk. - I had no foreknowledge of this. - Damn it. What the hell is he doing? What Darius always does. Whatever the hell he wants. We are trying to put out a fire. And he is throwing gasoline on it. I've got to reach the president before she sees this. Harris, we need to close ranks. Now, you gather the troops. If anyone so much as breathes to the press about Atlas, Tanz, I want their head on a spike. We should have dealt with him when we had the chance. Okay, I'll take questions now. Yes, Sarah? Mr. Tanz, the president claims that Project Atlas is a fiction. Well, the president is seriously misinformed or lying. Either way, I'd love to talk to her about it. She knows where to find me. President Mackenzie, if you're watching, I'll be sitting by the phone, waiting for your call. Thank you all, have a great day. What the hell was that? You want a meeting with the president? Go big or go home. If they weren't after us before, why don't you just put a target on our backs? It's already there, Grace. I just made sure everyone else knows about it. That way, if anything happens to us, we've left breadcrumbs through the woods that lead all the way back to the White House. They'll think twice before sending another hit squad out to do their bidding. You really think that stunt's gonna work? I lit the fuse. II predict the bomb will go off in five, four, three... two... Darius Tanz. Agent Davis, U.S. Secret Service. The president would like to see you and Ms. Barrows, now. Ms. Barrows, Mr. Tanz. Madam President, it's so good to see you again... Do you realize the damage you've done? Going on television to corroborate fake news from some gossip rag? You've emboldened our enemies. Undermined us. And now I have to answer for crimes I did not commit. Do you want to tell me what the hell is going on here? Hey, Tess, you're a woman, right? I'm an exascale computing system, designed to run logic patterns and programmed algorithms. Right, okay, so I guess you can't give me the odds on Jillian taking me back. I'm sorry. I don't have those variables. All right, well, here's a variable for you: Mason. That guy calls me "kiddo." And he's got a nickname for Jillian, too: J. J. And I... don't you hate people who give nicknames? It's like they're trying to own you, like you're their pet or something. It's so... It's so arrogant, don't you think? I'm sorry, Liam. What was the question? Forget it. Tess, forget it. Um, how are the calculations going for the braking burn for the gravity tractor? Calculations are complete. I just need your authorization to upload the commands. Done... and done. That's weird. If there were a shred of truth to Atlas, don't you think, I above all people, would know? Project Atlas is very real, I assure you. And whoever's behind it has gone to incredible lengths to keep it a secret from everyone, including you, it would seem. That's a hell of an accusation, Mr. Tanz. Unless, of course, you're part of the conspiracy to spread lies, undermine public confidence with a doctoredup photo of some meteor? Madam President, we went to Russia, saw the rock with Darius's technology embedded in it. This is not some conspiracy. I fear the real conspiracy is the one going on behind these very doors. What are you talking about? Someone killed a man by the name of Walter Carnahan, a satellite tech at the Pentagon, when he stumbled upon the Atlas Program and threatened to expose it. And he's not the only one who's been targeted. An attempt was made on Grace's life. A professional hit that was traced back to a call made from the White House. What day is it? It's... Thursday, ma'am. If what you say is true, I fear the enemy within is the most dangerous of them all. Good afternoon, Madam President. Thanks for coming. Not every day the deputy secretary of defense asks for a clandestine meeting. What do you need? A list of everyone who was in the White House on Monday night between 11:05 and 11:36 p.m. White House security logs are classified. You know that. Executive branch only. I wouldn't ask if it weren't a matter of national security. And the president's safety. Something I should know? Not yet. Okay. But not because you're deputy secretary. Because you were a damn good roommate at the Academy. That seems like forever ago, man. 'Cause it was. It's good to know there's still someone I can trust. Thanks. So, yes, I just have them here right now. Ms. Rayburn. I just got off the phone with POTUS. We have a huge problem. Darius, either the president didn't know about Atlas, - or... - She doesn't remember. I'm not sure which is worse. What now? Darius. Tess. Hello. Hi. You remember Grace Barrows. - Yes, of course. - Nice to see you again. - What are you doing here? - The board called an emergency meeting. I assumed you knew. Lazlo left his stock to me, so I figured I should attend my first meeting. Yes, of course. Ten percent ownership. You were very generous. Hehe more than earned it. Grace, we'll regroup shortly. Okay. Millie, what's going on? I'll be right there. Pentagon Press Secretary Grace Barrows and I traveled to Russia and learned firsthand that Tanz's guidance system... I hate to crimp your TV watching, but I've got a company to run. Now, which one of you worrywarts pulled the fire alarm? I did. It was me. Hello, Darius. And Theresa... well, this is quite the reunion. Since when are you on the board, Nicholas? Well, since I bought up your former business partner Catherine Adams's shares for double what they were worth. She's quite shrewd, drove a hard bargain. But as we both know, everyone has their price. And I hope you brought your shoebox full of receipts, Darius, because there is a billion dollars missing from these balance sheets without explanation. Shall we begin? What did you say to her? The president. Nothing that Darius and I didn't already say to the both of you. So you approached an unstable president with information that she was illequipped to handle? What exactly is going on here? Grace, we just received word that POTUS has scheduled a televised address for this evening. She intends to publicly apologize to Russia for Atlas, and tell the world about the asteroid. Project Samson is about to go public. Grace. Grace, where are you going? We're in crisis here. I'm going to need you to make a statement. Okay, here's my statement: Screw you. - Screw the Pentagon. - Okay, just talk to me. How dare that woman blame me or Darius for what's happening. Somebody tried to kill me. Although I guess nobody gives a damn about Grace Barrows or Walter Carnahan or any of the other little people that got taken out along the way, so long as the lies are protected. Don't say that. I do. I give a damn. More than you know. We're facing down a crisis of epic proportions here. We need our press secretary. Right around the time when I was almost strangled and learned the government might be responsible, that's about the same time I started thinking, maybe I need a new job. Where are you going? To find my daughter. She's not gonna find out from a television that the world might be ending. She's gonna hear it from me. I couldn't help but notice a recent influx of a billion dollars, which vanished as soon as it had appeared. You have hired hundreds of employees for a questionable Mars project. You'reyou're hemorrhaging resources. And now you admit you were involved in an illegal weapons scheme? Here we go again. We weren't involved, they simply used our technology. I see. And what is worse? That Tanz was involved in this clandestine scheme, or that you didn't know that it was involved in it? There are massively important things at stake here. Things I can't yet make public. I am not the public. We are your board. We have the right to know all you know. And you will, very soon. There's exciting new technology in play that will change all of our fortunes. In light of everything that's happened, I think we're going to require a little more specificity. I can't do that right now. Then you leave me no choice. I call on this board: Remove the CEO of Tanz Industries and to name... an acting executive in his place. - Here you go. - Thank you very much. You can seat yourself, ma'am. No, I'm not here to eat. I'm looking for Zoe Barrows. You and me both. - Excuse me? - Yeah, she quit. - No warning. Nothing. Just never showed. - What? When? A few days ago. Kind of left me hanging. Hey, it's Zoe. You know what to do. OnValet, this is Bruce. Yes, this is Grace Barrows. How can I help you today, Ms. Barrows? I think my daughter's car might have been stolen. It's registered on the same account. You think you could help me find it? Smart move, calling for a recess. I was building up some real momentum in there. So, revenge? That's what this is? Nonsense. Revenge is for children. This is retribution. You broke into my home, and now I break into yours. You have no idea what you're meddling in here. You can't manage this ship. It's too big for you. I built this from the ground up. You bring someone else in here, you're asking for the Titanic. You think you're the only one that can pull strings? Manipulate? Get what you want? I don't play by your rules, Uncle. I'm nothing like you. Well, I guess that kind of delusion is... is what has made you so damn successful. Darius. You know I had nothing to do with this. Of course. Can we talk? Privately? Wow. I call it the Treehouse. It's where I do my best thinking. You always did. That tree house, we must have spent hours in that musty, old place. Until I nearly burned it down trying to launch one of my test rockets. Yes. With all of us inside it. Well, technically, Lazlo was outside. Because he was dangling from a branch, trying to escape. I thought your father was going to kill you. He was. He definitely was. Until my mother saved the day. That's right. Yes, she said she'd given you permission to launch. Mom, she always protected me. Right until the end. I was sorry to hear about her passing. At least she got to see you achieve all of this. You know, see you become "Darius Tanz." I'm gonna do whatever I can to sway the board. But if I can't, is there someone else you can put up as a successor? Just to protect yourself. I've always been big on plan Bs, but... that one, I haven't accounted for. In case of an emergency landing, no flotation device. Tess, there isn't a day I don't have regrets over what happened between us. Well, you needed to achieve all this. You would have been deeply unhappy otherwise. What if I'm unhappy anyway? That's ridiculous. You're the man who has everything. Almost. What happened? We've been separated for months. I was wearing the ring mostly out of habit, and for the kids. Hey, Darius. I've been looking... I'm sorry. - I didn't know I was interrupting. - No, you're not. Liam, this is Theresa. Theresa, Liam. - Hi. - My protégé. Can I borrow you for a moment? So, it's going 30% faster than our initial calculations, which is good, but every time I try to adjust the trajectory so that it meets our target, it doesn't respond to commands. Tess, ping the gravity tractor, please. - With what command? - No command. Just a simple ping. Ping returned. So it hears us, we hear it, it's just not obeying. Well, the question is: Is this a glitch... - or a hack? - No, it can't be a hack. We put in all those security protocols. Can't be Russia. They don't even know it's up there. Then what? What the hell is going on? As you're all aware, the president is going to address the nation tonight. She is going to inform the public, the world, about Project Samson. In preparation for the aftermath, we have National Guard troops standing by throughout the country. We don't know what to expect. Riots, anarchy, martial law. We need to prepare for the worst. Go, go, go, go, go. You've arrived at your destination. Your route guidance is complete. - Zoe? - You followed me? I didn't. I came to see you at work. And you quit, apparently. I need to talk to you, Zoe, it's urgent. No, Mom, I'm done talking to you. We never say anything. Please... get out of the car, okay? I don't want to fight. No. I'm done with you, Mom. With your lies. Drive. Just drive, Dylan. Visitor logs to the White House. These are classified. How did you...? I have a friend, let's leave it at that. Take a look at who clocked in at 11:00 p.m., just minutes before the call was made to the assassin's phone. Calhoun. If he's calling for hits on American citizens, for all we know, the president's next. Claire, we're in the middle of a slowmoving coup here, and it's picking up speed. We've got to get to the president now. Ms. Barrows, he's not in. I need to talk to him now. I'm afraid he's not reachable at the moment. Madam President, Deputy Secretary Edwards wouldn't make accusations like this unless hhe... we felt you were in real danger. I don't doubt what you're both telling me. But it just confirms my decision to make changes. What kinds of changes? Policy, personnel. Everything. I'm cleaning house. Madam President, am I being fired? Fired? Absolutely not. Randall Calhoun is being fired. And you? You're my new acting secretary of defense. I serve at the pleasure of the president. I don't need your platitudes, Deputy Secretary, I need your loyalty. My loyalty? I cannot have one person in my administration who is not completely trustworthy. I need absolute... transparency. I understand. I'm not a politician. I can't promise you loyalty. But honesty? That I can give you. Deal. And Madam President, if I'm being completely honest, I think it's a terrible mistake to address the nation tonight. Why is that? With the gravity tractor on course to deflect the asteroid, I'm not sure what we gain. Frankly, this speech could trigger worldwide chaos. If we're to regain our integrity on the world stage, we've got to take responsibility. Take responsib... Damn it. Madam President, do you need to lie down? No, no, no. No. Secretary Edwards, the answer to you is no. This speech cannot wait. No more secrets, no more lies. The only way to achieve world peace is for us to make peace with ourselves, and take responsibility for what we've done. I've reviewed this a thousand times. We can't adjust the speed, we can't adjust the orbit. Manual override won't allow a reboot. It's not accepting our commands. But no one else knows that it's up there. Unless... Unless what? Tess, at current course and speed, where will the gravity tractor meet up with the target orbit? At present course and speed, the gravity tractor will collide with the target - in three weeks, four days. - Collide? It's not gonna move the asteroid off course, it's gonna impact it. Why? Why would anyone do that? Tess, if the gravity tractor collides with Samson at its current trajectory, where will the fragments land on Earth? Calculating. The Eastern Hemisphere, north of the equator. We haven't been hacked; We've been conned. We made the EmDrive, but the government supplied the gravity tractor. This was their plan all along. So, they've adjusted their speed and their course just enough to save us. And destroy our enemies. Well, what do we do? How do we stop it? I'm not sure yet. Darius, the board has reconvened. They're ready for you. Karissa, find me Grace Barrows, wherever the hell she is. Do it now. All right. I'm here. - Out with it. - We haven't voted yet. We thought you deserved the opportunity to see who supports you and who doesn't. Of course. Seems only fair since it's my name on the building. Our name. Shall we vote? Before we do, I would like to say something. Time for comment is over. This may be my first board meeting, but I'm fairly certain it's customary to hear both sides of an argument before taking a vote. Careful, Nicholas. You wouldn't want your little coup invalidated on a technicality. I have known Darius for most of my life. I knew him when all of this was just a dream and yet, here we all sit. His dreams have made you rich. And more importantly, they've... they've made the world a better place. So, I, for one, am not willing to throw him overboard just because the water's a little rough. That is the time to support your captain... not abandon him. It is so touching... for you to stand up for your childhood sweetheart. But this is not about emotions. It's about business. And as a businessman, Darius is failing. Let's vote. All those in favor of removing Darius as CEO, raise their hands. Where is he? He's in a board meeting. They're trying to depose him as CEO. And the gravity tractor is malfunctioning. I think Harris and Claire did a bait and switch. And I can't figure out how to stop it. Why can't we have one good day? Just one. Liam, the president's gonna tell the world about the asteroid in a televised speech in one hour. - Wow. - Yeah. Fasten your seatbelt. We're going over a cliff. A positive attitude. Yeah. Hey, Jillian. Do you have a minute? We're just on a short break. - Maybe later? - Now would be better. We're pretty busy here, kiddo. Maybe later. Okay. Yeah, no problem. Prick. - What'd you just say? - You have a nickname for me. I have a nickname for you. It's prick. - Whoa. Stop! Enough. - Guys... You know what, you're right. Enough. - You sick son of a bitch. - Said the traitor who got me fired. You were at the White House when the hit went out on her. You killed Carnahan and you tried to kill Grace Barrows. You're running rogue and now you're running scared. Randall. Everything all right? Everything's fine. Get the rest of your stuff. If I did all that, then who am I running from? Why don't you tell me or I'll have you arrested this time, see how you like being waterboarded. - I didn't go after Grace. - Then who the hell did? Harris, open your eyes. You've been played. You really think I could be in charge of all this? That I could mastermind all this without help on the inside? What are you saying? I'm saying I have a husband I love very much and I'm gonna protect him from all this madness, get in my car and drive. Now, you can shoot me or you can let me go, but either way, you got the wrong guy. Now, they're probably watching, so step carefully. There are land mines everywhere. Randall, you can't just walk out of here like this. Watch me. Jim, this is Harris Edwards, the new secretary of defense. Wish him luck. He's gonna need it. Darius. Darius? Look, II know the timing is terrible, but you need to know. The president's addressing the nation in 20 minutes to reveal everything about Samson. Who knows how the world's gonna react. Excuse me. No! Hey. Darius, what happened in there? I lost, Grace. Tanz, my life's work, everything. Darius. Excuse me. II need a moment. I am so sorry. I'll do whatever I can - to help smooth the transition. - Don't worry about me. Tess, I'm afraid that after tonight, the world as we know it will be very different. What do you mean? Go home to your children. Cheers. We'll be carrying the president's speech live in just moments. The White House is keeping strangely silent on the topic of this address. Not too much powder. I'm good. I'ml'm good. Madam President. - Yes? - Are you all right? Yes. Of course. Let's get on with it, shall we? Ladies and gentlemen, the president of the United States. My fellow Americans, tonight is an historic evening for many reasons. What I'm about to say to you all will cause some concern. We stand at a pivotal moment in history when our country... indeed, our world... faces challenges on many fronts. Claire, we need to talk. But I can assure you that... that... that... Get the medic. Get the medic! Turn those cameras off now! Madam President. Get the medic! Hey. Where's Mason? At home like most people, watching the president's speech. Are you drunk? I cannot tell a lie. Well, apparently, I can, - but not right now. - I didn't read the news. What happened? Everything bad. Today was a horrible, nogood, very bad day. I think we should get you to bed. You gonna tuck me in? Or read me a story? You want to stay the night? I didn't say that. Jillian, you are the only woman I will ever love. And tthat's not because the world's gonna become a pile of ash and there is no time to meet anyone else. I really mean it. We'll talk in the morning... when you're sober. Okay. Okay, but you need, you need to be right here. The work you're doing is the only thing that matters now. Sudden death. That I will faithfully execute the office... That's one way to avoid an impeachment hearing over your Atlas exposé. Guess it shuts the door on your story. This isn't the end of the story. This is just the beginning. Will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. And will, to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. So help me God. So help me God. So help us God. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 