Salvation: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Salvation 
 s1e8 - From Russia, with Love - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Salvation (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 8 - From Russia, with Love - full transcript 
 Darius and Grace are framed for murder and captured by the FSB. Liam tries to woo Jillian back to Tanz Industries. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Salvation"... I'm seeing someone. Harris Edwards. He's got a son your age. - Gillian. - I quit my job. - And my boyfriend. - Laura and I are engaged. MS. NEEL: People have died. I think it has something to do with this. Project Atlas. DARIUS: You need to dig deeper. Find out where she got that photo. My friend Katya, the Russian ambassador. She said her country stole our EmDrive out of retribution for Atlas. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The world's about to catch fire and we may be the only ones who can stop it. - DARIUS: We're going to Russia. - Does this photo have any meaning to you? The U.S. created some sort of super weapon to destroy us. - Atlas is a weapons program? - Except the weapon... - was an asteroid. - Where did you get these? Amanda Neel. HARRIS: Suspend Grace Barrows's A4 security clearance. No, God. Oh, no. We're gonna be arrested for her murder if we don't move fast. - Give me your passport. - Without our papers, we're nobody. That's exactly who we have to be if we want to get out of here alive. This is not just some rebellion, Dad. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm actually trying to save the world. Liam Cole. Welcome to RE/SYST. You know everything about us. I don't even know your names. What-what is this? Is... are you Trinity? That's Neo over there. You must be Morpheus. What you call us isn't important. What you know is. We want answers, Liam. That makes two of us. I mean, RE/SYST is all about free information, right? So why don't you throw something my way? Where'd you get this photo? And why'd you give it to Amanda Neel, of all people? Amanda was the only reporter looking into what happened to this man, Walter Carnahan. Pentagon sat-tech. (sighs) A founding member of RE/SYST. The founder of RE/SYST... is a Pentagon employee? With high-level clearance? So much for national security. Carnahan was a patriot! He believed that government secrets were the enemy of democracy, and so do we. He stumbled across this government program called Atlas. The next day, he was murdered. What, so you think someone in the government put a hit on your friend? And I'm gonna find out who it is with your help. No. Tanz is the key to all of this. - We need access! - Look, I am sorry about your friend, but I do not know anything about Atlas, - and neither does Darius. - Really? Well, how do you explain this? The FSB issued this internal memo, which RE/SYST accessed through their network. FSB? What, the Russian Secret Police? What does it say? There's a manhunt for Darius Tanz and Grace Barrows in Moscow. They're wanted for murder. What? _ __ (man speaking Russian over P.A.) Can I interest you in souvenir? We're interested in a copy of War and Peace. Everything you need is in here. GRACE: Dmitry. And Irina Petrovic. So, we're married? Hopefully, you two are good actors, yes? Hmm. (soft rock music playing) You're gonna break my stool. - What? - Keep sitting there with the weight of the world on your shoulders, you're gonna break my stool. Work? A woman? Little of both. Hmm. I have to make a choice between... one or the other. Okay, then. That kind of trouble deserves a double. Thanks. So, uh... that's it? No sage advice? Oh, no. The guy that offers sage advice works Tuesday, Thursday, 2:00 to 10:00. Ah. Just my luck. All right, well, uh, my shift's up, so I'm closing out. Good luck... with that choice. Mm-hmm. Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over... it became a butterfly. I'm sorry? You wanted sage advice. I'll remember that. (phone chiming) TESS: Liam, you have an incoming call from an unknown Moscow landline. Put it through, Tess. Hello. TANZ: Liam? What the hell is going on? You're wanted for murder. We don't have much time. The EmDrive? Done. Fully functional. - Have you told anyone? - LIAM: Not yet. But you're making progress, right? With the Russian government? Liam, with a little luck, we just might make it out of here in one piece, and if we don't... you're gonna need to make decisions. About? Everything. The Ark... we need to accelerate the 160 selection. Do you understand? Yeah. Yeah, I understand. Good-bye, Liam. Yeah. Bye. (woman speaking Russian over P.A.) (speaking Russian) (speaking Russian) We're Dmitry and Irina Petrovic. I'm a high school physics teacher, you're an engineer. We've been married 12 years. - But only four of them were happy. - (sighs) What's wrong? Other than... everything? We've come all this way and haven't even had a chance to make our case. I mean, if we leave, what hope's left? Our only contact was murdered, and we're the prime suspects. If you have another idea, I'm all ears. (moaning) Apologies, Mrs. Petrovic. FSB agents. Oh. A little warning next time. _ _ _ __ _ Darius Tanz. Darius, they recognize you. Once that photo hits the web, we're geotagged. Everyone will know where we are. GRACE: I don't see how we get out of here without getting picked up, no matter how many times you kiss me. Grace, I'm afraid the only way out is... In. I'm Darius Tanz. This is Grace Barrows. _ - Darius... - (man shouting in Russian) (man shouting in Russian) Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx www.addic7ed.com HARRIS: Once I confirmed that my private access codes had been compromised, I had no choice but to have Grace Barrows' A4 security clearance revoked. And you have reason to believe she and Darius Tanz are currently in Russia? Moscow, sir. Yes. I have it on good authority. If that's the case, I'm afraid they're on their own. Wait. Sir? CLAIRE: Harris, we're at DEFCON 2 for the first time since the Cuban Missile Crisis. If I recommend an exfil mission, and it were to go sideways, it would mean World War III. (scoffs) Look, by no means am I defending what Grace did, but since when did we, the United States government, adopt such a laissez-faire attitude towards getting our people out of hot spots? This isn't some third world sand dune. It's Moscow. We are talking about a global superpower whose missile silos are currently open, ready for war. Tanz and Barrows both knew that they were putting themselves in harm's way. It's not up to us to save their asses, Harris. We've got the rest of the world to think about. (gasps) Now you wait. This is an Airbnb fail. (sighs) Are those... bloodstained bullet holes? - Probably. - Maybe we should ask for an upgrade. We only drove for about 40 minutes. We can't be too far outside the city. - Remember, everything we say in here... - (whispers): They're listening. (door opens) Hmm. Welcome to Moscow. You're not dead. Thanks to the skill of some excellent Russian doctors. You son of a bitch! (grunts) Darius! You worthless piece of... You murdered my friend! (groans) Yeah. Yeah, I'm, uh... I'm sorry about Lazlo, but I had no choice. But we're not here to rehash the past. We're here to discuss the future. That's why you risked everything to come here, right? So we could broker some sort of peace. The Russian ambassador was going to arrange a meeting with your defense minister until she was killed. Unfortunately, she threatened to go public when she learned about the asteroid. If our governments have anything in common, it's a desire to keep this one particular secret... a secret. We didn't turn ourselves in to negotiate with a traitor. I am the reason that you're still here, Darius. I am the one that convinced Defense Minister Toporov that you're worth more alive than dead. Yeah, so we can take the blame for Katya's murder? No. So you can end this impasse. Our EmDrive is a prototype. And we've had trouble constructing a full-scale model without Tanz's resources. Bring out the violins. We have a gravity tractor, but we have no way - of getting it to the asteroid in time. - GRACE: And we have an EmDrive, but no way of launching it without the Russians shooting it down. Exactly, so... (chuckles) If you're willing to discuss these matters with the minister of defense, I can arrange that. Why should we believe a word that comes out of this monster's mouth?! Well... (chuckles) frankly, what choice do you have? (door closes, locks) (rock music playing) Dylan. I've done a deep dive on Zoe Barrows. What's her deal? The usual social media accounts. Not a lot of followers. Photos of her prom and graduation. Total bore fest. She friended me. Our parents are dating. So, what are you gonna do? What friends do. - Mason, right? - Yeah. Yeah. I'm-I'm Liam Cole, Darius's right hand. He asked me to check in on the status of the 160 project. The status is that I'm about to fire that entire staff. Okay, but you've narrowed down the candidates, right? Yes, of course. We have one exceptional candidate. One. We're still pouring over the other options, but Darius put in place this ridiculous restriction where we all have to agree before anyone is selected. And clearly, with these troglodytes upstairs, that's not happening. Where is Darius, anyway? He's out of town. He's on business. Well, when he returns, we need to make some serious changes. Karissa, Karissa. I, um, can't believe I'm asking this, but is the helicopter available? Yes. Where are you going? Boston. DANIEL: Wow. I don't know how the hell you pulled all this together. Do you have a final head count? Grand total, 37 people. I invited someone, as well, who has RSVP'd. Oh, yeah? - The MIT guy? - No. Grandpa. (scoffs) Traffic was apocalyptic. Where's the bar? (door opens) Uh, Minister Toporov, this is Grace Barrows, she's the press secretary for the Pentagon. And the famous Darius Tanz. Or should I say "infamous"? Oh, I've been called worse. A lot worse, actually. Please. (Croft clears throat) Do you know what's the most valuable commodity in the world these days? Not oil. Not gold, diamonds. It's trust. Can the United States of America and Russia ever learn to trust each other after all that happened? GRACE: I assure you, the only enemy the Russian people have is the same enemy we have... that asteroid closing in on all of us. _ _ If we are to trust you, Mr. Tanz, Ms. Barrows, you'll have to prove you're worthy of that trust. Sugar? No, thanks. I take my polonium straight up, like a man. (laughs) Okay. My proposal is simple. Drink tea, gain trust. The only way to know if you can really trust someone is to trust them and... ...find out. Cheers. I told you they could be trusted. Oh, I agree. I agree. You, on the other hand, Professor Croft, not so sure. - (speaking Russian) - Wait, wait. What are you doing? Wh... if it wasn't for me, you wouldn't have the EmDrive. I still don't have it, thanks to your ineptitude. Yeah. Darius. Tell Liam... I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Now, we talk. About six months ago, some school children in Chelyabinsk came across this unusual rock. It looks like a piece of my tech fused to some sort of rock. TOPOROV: By the time we pieced together what happened, we had bigger fish to fry, as you say. GRACE: The threat... from space. TOPOROV: Mm-hmm. What's happening? (Grace whimpers) Darius, something's wrong. The tea. (grunts softly) (groans) What have you done to us? (echoing): Mr. Tanz, Ms. Barrows, relax. I can assure you the tea is not gonna kill you, but it will force you to tell the truth. Sodium Pentothal. Uh, no, no. It's called SP-117. Highly reliable, very few side effects. You are feeling uninhibited. Like if you mixed a muscle relaxant with, uh, your favorite cocktail. Hmm? Sorry I had to take this precaution, but the fate of the world is at stake. No margin for error. So, how is it... Mr. Tanz. Mr. Tanz. How is it that your technology appeared in this rock? I had nothing to do with Project Atlas. My tech was misappropriated in order to weaponize that asteroid that hit Chelyabinsk. GRACE: This stuff makes you feel chatty. What is it that you want? A joint effort with the United States and Russia. Darius has a full-scale EmDrive ready to go, and we're just gonna get it up there, and we're gonna save the world. And then we can go back to hating each other - and not doing anything about it. - (Darius laughs) TOPOROV: So, you are saying this is not a ruse to weaponize the asteroid and destroy my country. No, no. TANZ: Which is why I'm proposing Russian oversight as insurance. Send your scientists, politicians... hell, send your president if he'll go. And we'll launch this thing together. If we can put aside our past and our politics, we can avert disaster. (Toporov speaking Russian) I will present your proposal to the Federation. And the president. Hold, uh, wait, wait, wait. Hold, please. Uh, when is this stuff gonna wear off? (echoes): A few hours. You will barely remember a thing. - Enjoy. - (door slams) BARTOK: So, my granddaughter, who despises me, calls me out of the blue to make peace in the family. Okay... selfish request. I'm writing a story, and I need some help. Uh-uh-uh. I thought we discussed this. Cashing in on my name - is just not allowed. - No. I already have a publisher that's interested, and they have no idea that I am the granddaughter of the great Andre Bartok, author of The 360. I'm just having trouble with the main character. Well, imagine that. The author of ShadowSide needs my advice. (chuckles) God. Mom was right. You really just can't be nice, can you? Nice is overrated. So... the question. What is the question? If my lead character has a secret... that the world may come to an end... ...what is her responsibility to the people around her? Does she tell them so they can make choices on how they spend their last days? Or does she keep the secret to herself so she doesn't destroy whatever happiness is left in the world? What kind of a person is she? What makes her tick? She's decent. She likes to think she is, and she wants to do the right thing. People are not, you know, innately good. They don't want to do the right thing. They want to do the wrong thing, but society confines them. (sighs) This was a terrible idea. I'm sorry I even brought it up. The POTUS wants to know where things stand. DEXTER: According to our calculations, Samson will cross the Rubicon Line in five days. If we don't launch our gravity tractor before then, it won't be able to reach the asteroid in time to deflect it. Then we have to find a way to launch in five days - without Russian interference. - Cape Canaveral's the ideal location. Unfortunately, thermal imaging shows what we believe are Russian nuclear subs off the coast of Florida, in international waters. They're in optimal firing position. If we arm our rocket with IR flares and activate every Terminal High Altitude Area Defense missile, we may stand a chance. And if we do that, what are the odds our rocket makes it through? At best, 50-50. (Harris sighs) I'm not willing to bet the fate of the planet on a coin toss. Unless the Russians decide to stand down and let us launch this damn thing, we may have to. - Russia conducted a test - (doorbell rings) of a banned cruise missile this morning in brazen violation of several nuclear treaties. At the same time, the Russian embassy shuddered its doors... - Dylan. - Zoe. Come on in. GRACE: What if they never let us out? What if this is how we die, in a seedy flat in Moscow? They've got some great LPs here. Care to listen to some music before you die? Just said I don't want to die here. I can't change what happens, all right? But I can change the ambience. ("The Nearness of You" by Ella Fitzgerald playing) ♪ It's not the pale moon ♪ This is so beautiful. I love Ella Fitzgerald. (sighs) Me, too. ♪ Oh, no ♪ What will you miss, Grace? Most of all. ♪ It's just the nearness of you ♪ If the world ends? I die here? Yes. ♪ It isn't your sweet conversation ♪ Zoe. ♪ That brings this sensation ♪ (chuckles, sniffles) Her laugh. Her smile. Cherry blossoms. Spring. Springsteen. (chuckles softly) Love. (sniffles) Not love songs. Sex. The good kind. ♪ And I feel you so close to me ♪ Is there a bad kind? (scoffs) Please. My marriage. Did I just say that out loud? (both laugh) Oh. ♪ All my wildest dreams come true ♪ What about you? What will you miss? ♪ I need no soft lights ♪ All the stuff they're defunding. Music, art, literature, dancing. Dancing? What? Really? You just don't strike me as the type, the romantic type. That's all. I happen to be quite romantic when the right woman comes along. Or even the wrong one, for that matter. I have your number. I do. You just make everyone feel like they're the one. They are. In the moment. ♪ It's not the pale moon ♪ ♪ That excites me ♪ (sniffles) This can't be it, Darius. It just can't. ♪ That thrills and delights me ♪ ♪ Oh, no ♪ Grace. I'm sorry. I... I dragged you here. I-I dragged you into everything. No. No, I dragged myself. No regrets, okay? At least I know I did everything I could to save this... dumbass planet. ♪ That brings this sensation ♪ (both laugh) ♪ Oh, no ♪ (sniffles) (whispers): It is pretty dumbass. (sighs) Do you really like dancing? Me, too. ♪ ♪ (laughs) You were right. You are good at this. I like this Darius. Dancing Darius. And I like you, Grace. Ever since I saw you at the Croatian embassy. ♪ When you're in my arms ♪ You kissed me today. The train station. I'm sorry. I should have asked permission. ♪ So close to me ♪ Permission granted. For then? ♪ All my wildest dreams come true ♪ Or now? ♪ I need no soft lights ♪ Both. ♪ To enchant me ♪ ♪ If you'll only grant me ♪ If you tell me to stop, I will. ♪ The right ♪ What if I don't? ♪ To hold you ever so tight ♪ ♪ And to feel ♪ ♪ In the night ♪ ♪ The nearness of you ♪ DYLAN: So, our parents are dating. For how long? (chuckles) I don't know. - At least a year, I think. - (chuckles) She would kill me if she knew I reached out. She's so secretive. Oh, tell me about it. My dad is a vault. (chuckles softly) So, where is your mom right now? Some business trip with Darius Tanz. Any idea what they're working on? She doesn't tell me anything. For all I know, she's in the CIA or something. (both laugh) It's nice. Meeting someone that understands what it's like to grow up feeling like you don't really know your mom. Or your dad. It's so lonely. I hate it. Me, too. Thank you... for pulling all this together. You deserve to be happy, Dad. So do you. I get a feeling that you want to tell me something. You know you can talk to me, right? About anything. I know. DANIEL: Who's that? A friend. Can you excuse me a second? Yeah. What are you doing? You can't just show up here. I know, but you wouldn't answer any of my calls, any of my texts. Look, forget about us for a second. (sighs) The Ark Project needs you. That guy Mason, he can't get it done. (sighs) Look, I'm sorry. I'm sorry if I made the wrong choices. But there-there's no blueprint for what is happening to us right now. ♪ I see skies of blue ♪ ♪ And clouds of white ♪ Look, all I know is you inspired me to try to save the world. And, uh... ♪ The dark, sacred night ♪ I want to do the same. ♪ And I think to myself ♪ Liam... ♪ What a wonderful world ♪ I don't have what it takes to go back there. To Tanz. I'm sorry. This is where I belong. ♪ So pretty in the sky ♪ Well, uh... ♪ Are also on the faces ♪ Before I go... ♪ Of people going by ♪ ...maybe one dance? For old times' sake. ♪ Saying, "How do you do?" ♪ ♪ They're really saying ♪ ♪ "I love you" ♪ ♪ I hear babies cry ♪ ♪ I watch them grow ♪ ♪ They'll learn much more ♪ ♪ Than I'll ever know ♪ ♪ And I think to myself ♪ ♪ What a wonderful world ♪ If I didn't know any better, I'd say your daughter was in love. Hmm. Then why does she look so damn sad? ♪ Yes, I think to myself ♪ ♪ What a wonderful world ♪ ♪ Oh, yeah ♪ (record scratching) (door unlocks, opens) (footsteps approaching) - Hmm? - Grace. Oh. Mr. Tanz. Ms. Barrows. I presented your proposal to my government. It has been accepted. When you return to the United States, have your defense secretary reach out to me to arrange the details. Thank you, Minister Toporov. I'll see to it. Yes. Um... _ And yours, Mr. Tanz. Ms. Barrows. (speaking Russian) (footsteps retreating) Harris. Tanz's plane has made contact. Grace and Darius have been released. - They're on their way back. - When are they due to land? Five hours. Zoe? (keys rattle) Mom? Hi. Harris? - That won't be necessary. - What's going on? Grace Barrows, you're under arrest. What? For violation of the Logan Act. Conducting unauthorized negotiations with a hostile foreign government. - Let's go. - No. Honey, it's just a misunderstanding. Go to your father's until you hear from me, okay? It's okay. And call Darius Tanz. Now. So... Jillian, your-your question, are you still looking for an answer? I'm not really in the mood to be mocked right now, Granddad. Ignorance is bliss, that's what I say. What? Since when do you adhere to bumper sticker philosophy? Since I saw that look on your face yesterday. I don't know what you know, but if it's gonna cause the kind of heartache I saw in your face... the world has enough heartache right now, don't you think? When your mother was sick, the doctors told her she had six months to live. But she lost all hope and she only lasted three. That boy, whoever he is... he gives you hope. Happiness is fleeting. Grab it like a firefly. Never let it go. (Laura laughing) (door opens, closes) (exhales) The lies never stop with you, do they? - That's not fair. - You went behind my back to Russia with Darius. What did you think you'd accomplish? Something no one else here could, obviously. Diplomacy, and we did. (chuckles) Yeah, that's right. You and Darius Tanz saving the world from us evil government shills. Where is this coming from? Why don't I lay it out for you... one earring at a time. Oh. Yeah. You broke into my briefcase, stole my nuclear access codes. What exactly were you doing with four barrels of enriched uranium, Grace? Nothing... compared to what you did in Chelyabinsk. N... it was a mistake. A weapons test that went wrong. That asteroid was supposed to land in uninhabited terrain, - but it went off course. - Our government developed a weapon of mass destruction designed to have no fingerprints, no accountability. - And that doesn't disturb you? - No one died there, Grace. No. But how many people were killed to cover it up? You still can't answer that. Or won't. I can't help you anymore, Grace. Frankly, I'm not sure I want to. (door opens, slams) - Oh, sir. - Hold all my calls. But, sir... Get the hell out of my office or I'll have you thrown out. Where's Grace? Wh-what have you done with her? - She's been arrested. - For what? Saving your incompetent asses? She violated the Logan Act, conducting foreign relations - without authority. - The Logan Act? A-An obscure law that's never been used to prosecute anyone, including me, strangely. What you do as a private citizen is not my business. Grace is a government employee who exceeded her authority. You petty son of a bitch. This is personal, and we both know it. She's become a completely different person since she met you. Yes. Courageous, bold, passionate. Everything you're not, thankfully. Go on, do it. Just get the hell out of here. Go! Before I do something I'll regret. I imagine you already have. If you don't release Grace, I'll go to the press. Tell them everything... asteroid, Atlas, and that's just the "A"s. I'll burn it all down, Harris. And don't get any ideas about black site prisons and the like. I've got a dozen lawyers standing by with my sworn statement in their hands. If I disappear, they've been instructed to release it immediately. You've got ten minutes before I go nuclear. (door slams) CALHOUN: Yes, we anticipate your team's arrival. Speaking for everyone here at the Pentagon, we look forward to the glasnost between our two countries. I assume that was the Russian defense minister. Yes. They're standing down. - Closing their silos? - CALHOUN: And their subs have been ordered to retreat from the Florida peninsula. Darius has threatened to go public with all of it if we don't release Grace Barrows. Well, the Russians say there's no deal unless Grace and Darius run point on this operation. Seems they're the only ones the Russians trust. And the only ones we don't. (rock music playing) Hey. I didn't expect to see you back so soon. ♪ Trust me ♪ How'd it go... your choice? Uh, it went. That sounds like another double. - It's last call. - Thanks, but... I didn't come for the bourbon. I came for the company. Well, I'm... really good company. ♪ I'm all-in ♪ ♪ I'm all-in ♪ - ♪ Ready, draw ♪ - ♪ This means ♪ ♪ It's up to us ♪ ♪ Ready, go ♪ Hey. You're back. (sighs) Two conditions. First... ...I'm gonna lead the room. Done. And the other thing? I want to know what I'm really working on. LIAM: It's almost done. All that's left is... - Are the people? - Yeah. JILLIAN: The 160. LIAM: Here's hoping we never need it. I couldn't do it, either, Liam. I couldn't tell my father or any of them the truth. And I understand... ...how much you must... love me... to have kept that secret. (door opens) Zoe? Uh, well, her car's not outside, so... Thank you for getting me out. We did good. We accomplished what our own government couldn't. How am I supposed to ever go back there? I mean, after everything that's happened. You have to. Until we see this through. Just... just focus on the ultimate goal, and, and... take emotion out of the equation. If only it were that simple. A good evening to you, Mrs. Petrovic. (laughs): And to you, Mr. Petrovic. And remember... _ (laughs) But... only if you want it to. (door closes) Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 