Salvation: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Salvation 
 s1e9 - Patriot Games - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Salvation (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 9 - Patriot Games - full transcript 
 An assassin threatens Grace's life. Unlikely alliances are forged. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Salvation... The hacker group sent you the photo unsolicited? Yeah. I should get something for my troubles, no? I've done a deep dive on Zoe Barrows. She friended me. Our parents are dating. - You're back. - Two conditions. - First, I'm gonna lead the room. - Done. And the other thing? I want to know what I'm really working on. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There's a manhunt for Darius Tanz and Grace Barrows in Moscow. They're wanted for murder. - Professor Croft. - Welcome to Moscow. You're not dead. Son of a bitch! Atlas is a weapons program. Yes, except the weapon was an asteroid. And we crashed it into Russia? Can the United States of America and Russia ever learn to trust each other after all that happened? Well, the Russians say there's no deal unless Grace and Darius run point on this operation. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Seems they're the only ones the Russians trust. And the only ones we don't. Grace Barrows, you're under arrest. What? For violation of the Logan Act. But only if you want it to. Zoe? Hey, Zoe. Thank God it's you. Yes, I'm fine. I'm okay. I'm so sorry about what happened here. It's just aa huge misunderstanding. Honey, it's a long story. The important thing is that I'm home and I'm safe. No, no, no, you stay put at Dad's. We'll talk in the morning, okay? I love you. Hi, Daddy, it's me. I think I need your help. The EmDrive... they said it couldn't be done. But we did it. It's beautiful. Let's admire it while we can, because tomorrow it moves to the launch bay. And to think, all it took was a billion dollars, a supercomputer, an extremely rare space rock... And a turncoat professor. Yeah. I still can't believe Croft's alive. He sent his most sincere apologies, by the way. I don't know if I feel better or worse that I'm not a killer. If it's any consolation, the Russians didn't seem particularly enamored with him. And do you think we can trust them not to doublecross us? This is the only one of its kind. If anything happens to it, we do not have time to build a new one. Which is why the EmDrive stays with me and the launch codes stay with Tess until I'm satisfied that the Russians and the Pentagon play nice. Big day tomorrow. Good work, Liam. Good thing your mother and I didn't take that cruise. Just the one slug, right? Anyone else know about this? I don't know who I can trust. What are you doing? He was carrying a Beretta PX4. No serial number, custom compensator, sixinch silencer. Meaning? The guy was a pro. If we can I.D. him, we might be able to figure out who hired him. What exactly did you do for the CIA? I'm not sure why I thought you'd answer that. It's encrypted. I know a guy pretty good with technology. - He should be able to crack it. - I know a guy, too. Trust me, mine's better. Look, I'm sorry I... brought you into this. You did the right thing. I'll cash in some favors. In a few hours, there'll be no blood, no DNA, no body. You'll never know anything happened here. But I will know. I'll know a man tried to kill me in my living room. I mean, how do I keep that from Zoe? HHow do I even go back to work? Here's what you're gonna do. You're gonna go upstairs and get dressed, as if it were any other day. You're gonna put on your makeup. You're gonna walk into the Pentagon like you've done a thousand times before. Because there's nothing else you can do. When you come across the person who never expected to see you again, you'll know it. Well, shall we get started? First, Defense Minister Toporov, I'd like to thank you for agreeing to this joint effort between Russia and the United States. Don't thank me, thank Mr. Tanz and Ms. Barrows. Their courageous actions made this possible. Don't fret, Mr. Minister, Grace has already been given the standard American pat on the back for a job well done. Right, Mr. Deputy Secretary? Mr. Tanz, if you please, take us through the plan. Certainly. First... we install the EmDrive on the gravity tractor. We then load that onto the Goliath Two rocket. Once in orbit, the EmDrive will initiate thrust, and propel the GT to the asteroid. And once it reaches it? Flies alongside it, creates a gravitational force that pulls the asteroid off its trajectory. Just enough to miss our fair planet. But to accomplish this, we have to launch within 72 hours. The GT takes four weeks to get to the asteroid, and as many months to do its job, and we're out of time. Grace? Grace? Excuse me? The deal? About the launch codes? Yes, our government has agreed to grant Darius and his team full control of the gravity tractor launch, with joint supervision by both Russian and U.S. officials. To ensure there's no foul play, on either side. Our scientists maintain there are still risks. There's risk when you walk across the street. This option is, to be frank, our last best hope to preserve life on this planet. Your terms are acceptable. My scientists will stand at the ready. Upon success, may we usher in a new era of peace. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. In light of all that's transpired between our nations, we thank you and your country for this leap of faith. I'm not always the keenest observer of moods, but if I'm not mistaken, you don't seem very happy about... saving the world. Someone tried to kill me. What? Last night, after you left, someone was in my house. - Are you all right? - Me? Yeah. Him not so much. You didn't call the police. My father handled it. Don't ask. Why would someone want me dead? Atlas? Or to blow the deal. - If you wouldn't have shown, - the Russians would've gotten spooked, called off the launch. This is all we found on the body. It's encrypted. If you can crack it, maybe we can... Someone's checking in. To see if the job was done. Grace, we're gonna find out who targeted you, and when we do, there'll be hell to pay. Here you go. New I.D. badge, new title. Skybox supervisor. Hey. If the gravity tractor is gonna launch, why is Darius moving forward with the Ark Project? That's a worstcase scenario, you know. Not sure I can do this. - What? - Just... look them in the eye, lie to their faces? Well, does it... does it help that Mason's a prick? No. Remember you have an important mission... and it's for the greater good. That's the way I got through it. Liam, I... I just can't... jump back into... us. I'm still trying to process everything that's happened. No, I know. I know. Can we just... take it slow? Sure. What, like, snail slow? Like turtle slow. Sure. I mean, turtles are much faster than snails, right? Come on, get in there. ...team of scientists worked around the clock to develop this technology. It's truly a thing of wonder, and we're very proud to have it and to show it to you... Liam. Guys, can you give us a second? Liam, this is Dr. Vassily Orlov, Chief Science Advisor to the Kremlin. Quite the pleasure to meet you. What you have accomplished here is nothing less than extraordinary. Well, thank you, Dr. Orlov. A lot of blood, sweat and tears went into this. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll need six hours to disassemble the EmDrive, two hours to transport to Wallops, and then ten hours to reassemble and load onto the gravity tractor. Mr. Cole here has been instructed to oversee the care and feeding of the EmDrive. Direct all questions to him. It's been a pleasure. Thank you all. Um, this is a room full of military bigwigs, and you want me to be in charge? In any baseball game, the umpire has the power. If there's trouble, buzz me. So, when I explicitly told you to drop the Atlas story, you decided, "Hey, why not do the exact damn opposite"? It needed to be told. There are a dozen places I can call right now that would jump at the chance to expose a government conspiracy this big. Your sources are all off the record. Yeah, like a little thing called Watergate. - Amanda... - Everything in that envelope not only matches up with what I already know, it filled in all the gaps. And you don't find that convenient? The missing details regarding the story of the century fall out of the sky and land on your desk? You're right. It is the story of the century. And it's my name on the byline, so if I'm wrong, I'm wrong. Fire me. Sue me. Okay? But if I'm right, Ed... Capitol Eyes will be the hottest news site in the world. A misunderstanding? What kind of misunderstanding gets your mother arrested by her alleged boyfriend and Pentagon police and then released the same day? I know. It's... incredible. The lies just keep coming with her, and I don't know what to think. What if... what if I did know what to think? What does that mean? Well, you know you're going to Africa because you want to make a difference. Yeah. What if you could do some of the most important work of your life right here? With me. Doing what? What are we looking at? Tess unlocked your wouldbe assassin's phone, but it had another layer of encryption to conceal all incoming and outgoing messages. Decrypting now. It's my address. Sorry. You have nothing to be sorry about. You're lucky to be alive. "Consider it done." Then Tanz. Money is in your account." I was next. We need to find out who he was working for. Tess, can you extract the sender's phone number? It's a 710 area code. Wait, 710... that's reserved for government officials during emergencies when normal networks are down. - Someone's using it for cover. - Because it's untraceable. We may be able to find where the texts came from. Tess, try and geotag those incoming messages. Meantime, I'm getting you a bodyguard. Come on, don't be ridiculous. Grace, I'm not gonna allow anything to happen to you. Darius, what happened in Moscow... Needs to stay in Moscow. I know. Things are just too... - Complicated. - No. Insane. Damn, just when I thought we were finishing each other's sentences. The bodyguard... youyou won't know he's even there unless you need him. Dr. Orlov, you're leaving? Why? We've received instructions. The deal on the table has been revoked. I'm so sorry, Mr. Tanz. I'm so sorry. Liam, what's going on? This. I understand, sir. I urge you to reconsider. Yes, of course. The Russians just pulled their people. The joint launch is off. What the hell is happening? Capitol Eyes? No one reads this trash. No one has to. It's being picked up by every major news organization in the country and it's spreading. But thethe Russians already know about Atlas. What's changed? The article says Chelyabinsk wasn't an accident. That we landed a meteor there on purpose. So, in other words, the truth. I told you I'd put us on the map. You did. I'm sorry I ever doubted you. Hey, everyone, listen up, listen up. Look, before today, this little site of ours never got 10,000 hits on a single article. Today, we're about to hit a million. So, please, raise a glass to our intrepid reporter Amanda Neel. Hopefully she remembers us after she wins a Pulitzer. Cheers. Ed, the White House just issued a statement. Turn it up. Mackenzie, who denounced the website as rag journalism, issued the following statement: "We categorically deny the allegations "published by Capitol Eyes. "The article was unsourced, "false, and further proof that the deep state is attempting to undermine this presidency." Someone answer the damn phones! Just say, "No comment." President just called us liars on national television. Well, what did you think she was gonna say? "Oops, I intentionally bombed Russia with space rocks. Sorry." - No comment. - No comment. This is why Russia has been at odds with us. Why someone tried to kill me when I poked my nose into it. We have no comment at this time. No comment. If we can't shore up on this story fast, our heads are gonna roll. You need to haul ass and get sources on the record, now! Minister Toporov, is there anything I can do to persuade you? Of course. II understand. It's over. Amanda Neel just texted me a link to the article. Darius, she's asking me if I'm her source. Asking you? She doesn't know? She must think I leaked the information to her. First, someone tries to kill me. Now Atlas leaks to the press. Thisthis timing can't be a coincidence. It's my father. He's got intel. Russian subs are moving back into firing range. By tomorrow, we'll be where we were a week ago. Except now we have less than 36 hours before the asteroid crosses the Rubicon line. The point of no return. As expected, the president is furious about the Atlas leak. She's issued a statement categorically denying. If she doesn't own this, apologize... Apologize? Sir, all due respect, that may be the only way to get Russia back in our good graces. So we're not just duplicitous, we're also gutless? You said the Russian subs won't be back in firing position until tomorrow. Yes, but the odds... Just tilted in our favor. We are going to launch that gravity tractor. There's only one EmDrive. They shoot it down, we're done. The president needs to acknowledge this. Claire. The president has stated clearly that no such thing will be happening. She feels it will diminish us on the world stage. So instead we're moving forward with this suicide mission? Suicide is waiting for Russia's permission. Now, if we launch before the Russian subs reach firing range, we stand a chance. Now, Tanz has those launch codes. I need you to get them for me. Now. Harris? This is madness. We're in this situation because the president won't own what she did, what she ordered us to do. Harris. POTUS is not herself. What does that mean? The president is... ill. I fear she's not in a position to make the best decisions. When were you planning on sharing this with me? Senior cabinet members felt if the Russians knew, they'd think we were weak. We're out of moves. There is one. Enlist Darius Tanz. He's the one holding all the cards. We need to stack the deck in our favor. Whatever your feelings are for him, you have to set them aside. This is our last shot, Harris. Liam, thanks for seeing me. Not here. Come on. Did you send me that story to sabotage me? What? No. I have much more pressing issues than you. I know the story is true, Liam. I just need a source to go on record. - You or Darius Tanz, or someone. - I'm sorry. - It's not gonna happen. - Come on. My career's hanging by a thread. - You owe me. - For what? Screwing up my life? If you don't want me to tell your girlfriend everything... AAre you threatening me? Really? - Amanda. - Jillian. You're back. Yeah. And so are you. Listen, for the record, that kiss between Liam and me, it didn't mean anything... to me. It's great to see you both. The instinct... to say nothing... is a good one. I was able to run his prints. His name was Michael Owens. It was easier to compartmentalize before he had a name. He has no employment history after 2012 or a current address on file. And this... was the only identifying mark on his body. Tattoo. He was military. Air Force. Flew in the same squadron as someone you know. Who? Your boss. Harris Edwards. Gracie, if you ever trusted him, don't. Grace, look who decided to make a house call. Hello. Pentagon security is on their way to confiscate the EmDrive and transport it to the launching pad. We don't have much time for discussion. And you're coming to us for help to try and stop it. Why should we believe anything you have to say? Because right now, we, the four of us, are all that's standing between a lying president, an unhinged secretary of defense... And the end of the world. Darius, we have visitors. If you relinquish that EmDrive, it's over. Let's go. Mr. Tanz. I'm sure the deputy secretary and Ms. Rayburn have explained the situation. We are going to need that EmDrive and those launch codes. - Immediately. - If I refuse? If you refuse, I'll bring in the National Guard, and I'll take your entire company by force. Help them load it up. What? Come on. You can't be serious. Liam, just do as I say. Why fight the inevitable? Follow me. Now, you take care of your business and... I'll take of care of mine. After all their lies, how can we trust them? Because, for once, we want the same thing: To get the gravity tractor launched safely. Tess is working on the decryption of the phone. It's a complex web. We'll know more soon. I'm not sure I want to know. The man who tried to kill me, he served in Harris's squadron, in the Air Force. - Darius, do you think...? - Harris is capable of a lot of things, as we both know, but not that. With you? Yeah. I don't want you to be alone. Grab Zoe; You can stay in one of the bungalows here. No. I'm not gonna live in fear. Good luck with this plan. Let's hope we're smarter than Calhoun. We are. We're all set. Let's move. All right, let's go. Ready. Let's go, let's go. How'd it go? Didn't suspect a thing. Time to reach out to your friend. Please, don't ever call her that. - Hello? - Hey. It's Liam. I need you to put me in touch with your friends at RE/SYST. Why the hell would I do that? Because Darius Tanz will go on the record, verifying your story. Give me ten minutes. Listen, I'm sorry what I said to Jillian. No, you're not. Look, you'll get what you want if I get what I want. What's the word from Wallops? Launch codes are secure, Mr. Secretary. The EmDrive is on board. All preflight checks are go for launch commit on your command. Proceed. We are go for launch. Tminus ten seconds and counting. Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Ignition. We have liftoff. Sir, radar's picking up an unidentified projectile on a heading of 270 from 38 degrees, 28 minutes north, 59 degrees, 21 minutes west. International waters. Last known sub in that area was the Vostov. The Russians. Launch countermeasures. Launch THAAD missiles. Take that bogey out. Missiles have been deployed. Heading toward target. 42 seconds. We're not gonna make it, sir. Sir, we've lost telemetry. Get me the president. Now. Liam. I was surprised to hear you wanted to meet. I brought a friend. Nice decor. Early brick and mortar. I'm quite fond of the period. What do you want? You get right to the point. I like that. Liam says you guys are good, that you possess a certain... technical sophistication. We have a proposal for you. Grace. Sir! You're not to get within 50 feet of Ms. Barrows. Any idea what you're doing? I'm the Deputy Secretary of Defense. Get your hands off me. He's unarmed, ma'am. Grace, what is this? It's okay. Just give me a second, okay? Thanks. You're afraid to be alone with me? And you thought I might've been the one who sent them to your house? All the things you did, in the name of country. Maybe I was just another casualty. Like Carnahan. How could you even think I'd... I'd ever authorize something like that? The hit man was a member of your flight squadron in the Air Force, Harris. Someone's trying to make it look as if I had something to do with this. And I didn't. I didn't. And if you don't know me well enough by now... I don't even know who I am anymore. Are you with him? Darius? Everything all right in there, Ms. Barrows? Yeah, thanks. Thank you for reaching out to Darius. Let's hope he succeeds where the government failed. A cyber blackout? Of Russia's entire satellite array and power system for... for 20 minutes? Plus, all their groundbased radar and wireless tracking networks. Okay, but aren't they pissed off enough about. Atlas and Chelyabinsk? In this case, what they don't know really won't hurt them. Yeah, but it may hurt us. Well, not if RE/SYST is as good as the hype. "Untraceable, Virtually"... isn't that your motto? What's in it for us? One million. No. Your money's no good here. Wait. Big boss says it is. Fine. Money sits in an escrow account, transfer to occur upon delivery of services. Take it or leave it. He says take it. Now, how exactly do you plan to accomplish this? There's a heat wave across Eastern Europe right now. So, first, we create a series of rolling brownouts in Moscow and the surrounding areas. Like a typical summer surge in A.C. use. Right. I have proprietary software that will temporarily blind their satellite grid, so... I didn't catch your name, son. And you never will. Dylan. I'm in. Almost ready, Mr. Tanz. I got to hand it to you. Building a decoy EmDrive, that's... wellplayed, sir. Meantime, the real EmDrive has been safely transported here, and Claire secured a gravity tractor from NASA. And you're sure the Russians can't shoot this one down? In about 30 seconds, all of the satellites that send information to Russia's subs and land bases will go dark. We hope. Preflight checks are good. Mr. Tanz, stand by. And blackout to commence in three, two, one. Did RE/SYST just rip us off? Breathe, Liam. You're too young to give yourself an ulcer. There it is. Begin protocol. Now, once the EmDrive kicks in, the gravity tractor will head toward the asteroid at speeds exceeding 40,000 miles per hour, which is faster than any manmade object has ever traveled in outer space. Before today, planes have flown, rockets have been launched, but no one's ever sent a working EmDrive into space. This is one of the greatest scientific achievements of all time. Sir, protocol's engaged. Ten, nine, eight... Innovation is not about why, it's about why not. Three, two, one. Ignition. We have liftoff. Come on. Come on! There's still some beauty left in this world. What now? We wait, and we hope. 16 minutes and holding. Can I ask you something? You can always ask. A million. Sure, it's a lot of cheese, but we've never been about the cheese. We're still not. The big boss wanted to slip a stealth root key into the Tanz system somehow, and this was our opportunity. Now we can track every move he makes, from this day forward. Second stage engine cutoff in three, two, one. Like a butterfly emerging from its cocoon. There she is. Payload is away, waiting on your command to engage EmDrive, sir. Engage. Roger. We have EmDrive thrust, sir. Initial data looks good. EmDrive is building velocity. This is hope. You're right. Now we celebrate. Yes! Yes! Yes! What a night. Champagne, anyone? II have to go and find Jillian. Go. Much as I'd love a fancy bottle of bubbly, I have a meatloaf waiting for me at home. My father's cooking dinner tonight. He kind of moved in for the time being. Good. Thank you. Thank you. For making all this happen. There's still some margin for error up there, but let's just say that today was a good day in our little effort to save planet Earth. It's Tess. She's located the source of the call. God! - Goal! - You cheated! You know, cheaters, theythey don't make the 160... Darius? What? What is it? Tess is pinpointing who made that call to the assassin's phone. The call came from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. The White House. My God. How was your day, Zoe? You know, the usual. You? Same. Well, I really think I outdid myself this time. Don't you, Gracie? You certainly did, Dad. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 