Salvation: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Salvation 
 s1e5 - Keeping the Faith - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Salvation (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 5 - Keeping the Faith - full transcript 
 While Darius works to discover who killed his friend Lazlo, he is forced to reckon with his past, and Liam discovers who's been selling secrets to the Russians. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Salvation"... We are at war. Us against whomever hacked the IO Space Probe. If we don't regain control by then, it goes into free fall, and we will lose it forever. Do you think Darius could have hacked NASA? Darius Tanz, you're under arrest on suspicion of high treason. You have the wrong man! Grace! Find salvation. Darius built the ark to ensure in worst case secenario, that the best of us survives. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If he was here when the probe was hacked... Liam, there's no way he could have done it. - How do we clear his name? - We find the real mole ourselves. What are doing in Darius' private quarters? Shouldn't I be asking you the same thing? You know nothing about me. So, Ms. O'Neal, what headline are you chasing? And this has nothing to do with Project Atlas? [alarm blaring] We're too late. We lost the probe. That was our best hope of stoping this asteroid. Lazlo. Who the hell was he working for? Hey, Profesor Croft? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The EM drive, it works. [urgent chatter] TANZ: I want this room cleared out in ten minutes, get everything to the warehouse. Nelson will instruct you from there. The EmDrive works. We should be drinking champagne right now, you know, wearing pointy hats. I want to dump Gatorade all over your head. The prototype works. We'll drink when we actually launch a gravity tractor with a full-sized EmDrive. Darius, if we could just stay put, I mean, we could be halfway through the calculations for the full-scale model by now. Someone here hacked the IO Probe and killed Lazlo to cover their tracks. The EmDrive is no longer safe at Tanz. - Neither are you. - [alarm blaring] TESS [automated voice]: Lockdown initiating. All employees report to Sandbox for further instructions. LIAM: You put the place on lockdown? Yesterday, the FBI said that Lazlo killed himself. The FBI says a lot of things. Doesn't make them true. Exactly. Which is why we're not telling the government the EmDrive works. Not until we know who we can trust. I am sorry for your loss. Oh, no. Don't feel sorry for me. Feel sorry for the one who violated my trust, 'cause I'm going to destroy them. A billion dollars... gone. Not gone. An investment that could still pay off. Could. Might. Maybe. I am done hearing those words from Darius Tanz. The EmDrive melted down, and he burned through a billion dollars. It's time to cut the cord. Cut the cord? Darius is no longer a member of this task force. What? We're pulling his funding. The government is done with Tanz Industries. We've lost control of space. We're out of options. Darius is our best hope right now. Our best hope? He squandered a billion dollars. The EmDrive project crashed and burned spectacularly. And now we find out that NASA was hacked by one of his own people. Am I missing something here, Ms. Barrows? You've already helped him drain this task force of time and money. There's only one of those we can get back. You're saying you want him to return the billion dollars we gave him? No, I'm saying you want him to return that money. Get it back, or you'll be off this task force, too. Grace? Grace, wait. A little heads-up would be nice next time. You let me get sandbagged in there. Grace, this isn't about you. You're pulling funding from the one thing that can save us. That's unfair. You've never liked him. Well, maybe you like him too much. - What's that supposed to mean? - [scoffs] It means your vision gets a little cloudy when it comes to Darius Tanz. Yeah, you act as if he's the messiah and we're all just his disciples, never allowed to question him. There are people he has to answer to, Grace, and I'm one of them. You can't kick me off this task force. I'm the only one keeping the barbarians at the gate. [elevator bell dings] And you're one of them. Get me proof that the EmDrive has a shot. I can't sell it in that room anymore without proof. Fine, I'll get you proof. If you get that pit bull off my back. POTUS wants to know what our next step is. Easy with this, gentlemen. It's one of a kind. Yes, sir. Easy. Don't bounce it. Darius, I got to call Jillian. - I need a second. - Don't shake it. There's no time. Call her from the road. I-Is he the only guy going with us? I need to keep the circle tight. Can you just tell me she's safe, please? I've hired the best security force in the world. From here on, no one will breathe without me knowing about it. I'll meet you there. Now go. Okay. [engine starts] [grunts] MAN [over P.A.]: Attention, employees, please comply with all security requests. What's going on? [phone vibrates] MAN: I'm sorry, Tanz Industries is closed for visitors today. GRACE: Uh, I'm not here for a tour. I'm a personal guest of Darius. Clear to go. Well, you be sure to thank Darius for creating such a warm and inclusive work environment. MAN [over P.A.]: Attention, employees, please comply with all security requests. Darius, what's going on down there? I'm finding out who hacked the IO Probe, since the government seems to have lost interest. [sighs] Lazlo hacked the probe. You need to accept that and move on. Darius, everything is at stake here. Yes, I'm aware, which is why I've hired some former Mossad to conduct the investigation. Best interrogators in the world. Unlike those amateurs from Langley. The government's cutting you off. They want their money back, - or what's left of it. - What? And they're throwing me off the task force if I don't get it. No, not now. Now's the time when we need it most. The EmDrive works, Grace. What? We're in the process of scaling it up now. It's gonna take massive amounts of material and hundreds of workers around the clock to get this thing built and launched. This little government tantrum could not have come at a worse time. Y-You don't believe me. Said the man who sent me on a wild uranium chase. For which, uh, you still owe me an explanation or, I don't know, an apology. Oh, maybe a Hallmark card. "Sorry I made you steal uranium for my ark." Soon as I get my "Sorry I let them waterboard you" card in the mail. Darius, I'm sorry. I... I'm desperately sorry for what happened, and I want to believe you, but right now, I have too many questions and not enough answers. I can't go back to the Pentagon without proof the EmDrive works. Okay, follow me. You want proof? You want answers? Yes, I do. Get in. [echoing]: Who are you? Hey, Amanda. Thank God. How you feeling? Sore. Yeah, well, you got hit by a car. How long have I been here? Couple days. Someone was here, Ed, in the room. This creepy guy in a hoodie. Doctor said you might be just a little confused after the accident 'cause of the concussion. It wasn't an accident. I think someone tried to kill me. Who? I don't know. But I'm gonna find out. LIAM: What do you think Darius is doing to the employees? He's probably just asking them some questions. Yeah, but, I mean, you saw how crazy he was acting, right? I just don't want Jillian to feel like... The fate of the world is at stake, and you're worried about your little puppy love? Hmm? Okay. Well, first, I'm not a puppy. And second, what the hell is your problem? [loud bang] [tire thumping] - What's happening? - It's a flat. Nothing to worry about. - Sit tight... - [gunshot] Aah! Hands on your head! Get out of car, now! Okay, okay. Phone! Get in! Okay. Okay. [engine revving] - Synced and corrected by VitoSilans - ... www.Addic7ed.com ... You guys working for someone? Is it the government maybe? Because we have friends at the Pentagon. We can give them a call and clear this whole thing right up. You want money? One phone call, I can make that happen. [whispers]: Would you shut up? You're gonna get us killed. Listen to your friend. LIAM: 9-1-1, my professor, his place is trashed. He didn't show up for class. There were big scary goons staking out his house. They chased my ass across town. We're plotting possible intercept courses with the asteroid to see which countries have available spacecraft out near Samson. Then we'll approach them about a collaborative mission. But we still don't know who was behind the hack. How do we know who we can trust? We don't. It's a process. And what do we say? "Pardon me, but do you mind if we destroy your billion-dollar space toy for no apparent reason?" It'll look like an accident. By then, it's too late for anyone to object. Claire, you were a little rough on Grace Barrows this morning. Was I? Threatening to throw her off the task force? She's been working day and night, like the rest of us, trying to find solutions. Well, she's created more problems than anything else. You know, I-I get the feeling sometimes that it's personal. Is it personal for me, Harris, or for you? DEXTER: Sir. I've located three probes that can reach Samson. The closest one can intercept in 12 days. Who does it belong to? DEXTER: China. CLAIRE: China's not gonna work with us. Moving on. DEXTER: Here's one that can impact Samson in 22 days: the Mahnaz Probe. - Iran. - Try again. DEXTER: Last one is the furthest out. But a collision could be possible in 79 days: the Bijali. India. A U.S. ally. Jackpot. GRACE: Where are we exactly? I thought we were going to see the EmDrive. We are. Eventually. Eventually? Darius, where are we going? Lazlo's house. Or safe house, actually. What? You lied to me again. I never lied to you. How do you say that with a straight face? I told you that I needed uranium to save the human race. - That's true. - Okay. Your facility for self-rationalization is alarming. What's alarming is your self-delusion. - If I'm right... - And you're certain you are. Lazlo is not the mole! And it doesn't matter whether or not the EmDrive works. Nothing we do matters, because someone will always be sabotaging us. GRACE: What are we doing here? Laz uploaded something onto a private remote server in the last moments of his life. Yeah. Probably all of Tanz Industries' secrets. Or the answer to his murder. This is where he lived? He was a quiet man. With demons. Is this you? Yes. You're all set, Ms. Neel. - Thank you. - Thanks. Okay, let's get you out of here and off of this story. - What? I can't stop now. - [phone chimes] This isn't my phone. Did you put this in my bag? No. Then I wasn't hallucinating. There was someone else in my room. Get rid of that phone. Just throw it away now. Amanda, as your boss, I am telling you, you are off of this story or you're fired, you hear me? Yeah, I hear you. No story is worth dying for. Yeah. You're right. Yeah, I know. Come on. [groans]: Ooh... Whoa, you okay? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They said I might have some dizziness over the next few days. Okay, I'll find you a wheelchair, and we'll roll you out of here. Okay. Okay. ♪ ♪ GRACE: What are we looking at? The last image Lazlo saw before he died. GRACE: Who could possibly identify that? [line ringing] KARISSA: Yes, Darius? Karissa, I'm sending you a photo file. Have Tess run it through our facial rec software. See if she can find a match. Right away. [door unlocking] Darius. Theresa. Oh, my God. It's been... 15 years. Uh, this is, uh, Grace Barrows, a work, a work colleague. Grace, this is Theresa. Lazlo's sister. Oh, well, congratulations on all your success. It's pretty hard not to keep tabs on you. And-and you're married, two girls? Yeah, seven and two. Laz probably bored you with photos of them. I haven't heard from him in a couple days, so I got worried. Is he here? Maybe we should, we should step outside. Okay. ♪ ♪ HARRIS: Ambassador Gupta, we're honored to sit with you today. The pleasure is mine, Deputy Secretary. My country has been eager to collaborate with your space program for some time. The question is: Why now? India is emerging as a major player in space. And, you know, frankly, your landmark missions have come in at far lower costs than ours. I think both of our agencies could benefit from a new level of cooperation. A cooperative effort with NASA could be just the thing to boost our global profile. CLAIRE: Perhaps we should engage in an off-books effort, at the beginning. Just to make certain that ISRO and NASA will mesh well. I don't understand. HARRIS: I think what Claire is suggesting is that the United States join one of ISRO's current missions already in progress. Are you looking for something specific? CLAIRE: NASA would like to access the Bijali Probe you currently have out near Jupiter. NASA already has the IO Probe in that region, no? HARRIS: It's been... malfunctioning. It's not malfunctioning. It was hacked. Wasn't it? How did you know that? Because ours was hacked, too. CLAIRE: My deepest condolences, Theresa. It's Tess. You can call me Tess. Tess. Thank you... for taking care of Laz for all of these years. I'm sorry I... I couldn't protect him. You did. You saved his life, Darius. And whoever did this... find them. I promise. That photo of you in front of the tree house... That was you with Lazlo and Tess? Yeah. You were in love with her, weren't you? Sorry. [phone vibrates] AUTOMATED VOICE: Incoming call. Karissa. Yes. KARISSA: Darius, facial rec has a match. Sending through now. Whoever infiltrated my game room hacked that probe, Grace. And killed Lazlo before they could be identified. Oh. - Darius... - Damn it. How could I have been so blind? [engine revving] [quietly]: Croft. The driver... He's the one who chased me after your place was trashed. - Are you sure? - Yeah. It's burned in my mind. That whole day is. Ah. One of these Neanderthals broke my glasses when they were wrestling me out of the van. LIAM: His place is trashed. He left his glasses behind. Your glasses... Can't you get another pair? No. These are antiques. These were my grandfather's. They're one of a kind. Why? You all right? [grunts] - Let me out of the car! - Stop! Stop! Stop. Oh, God, it was you? You're the mole. Karissa, I can't raise Liam or Nelson on the phone. KARISSA: Tracking them. Their signals are... dead. When did they check in at the offsite facility? They didn't. - Damn it! - Where are they? I don't know, but Croft has the EmDrive. And Liam. You're a Russian spy? CROFT: No. It's not like that. I just, uh... supply technology... for a price. - [laughs] - Oh, don't be so naive. It happens all the time. How did you figure it out? Your glasses. Yeah, those one-of-a-kind antiques? They were in your house when you were supposedly running for your life, and now they're on your face! Mm. [chuckles] Good observation. So the night you disappeared... That was just a setup? No, after you left, I phoned a friend, like I said. But he didn't work for NASA. This is Malcolm Croft. Yes, I-I know what time it is, but this can't wait. A student has discovered something... An asteroid on a collision course with the Earth. Extinction level. Totally certain. And as far as we knew, you hadn't told anyone else about the asteroid, so you were the dangling thread. And that's when things started to get a little more complicated. The Russians tracked me to Darius and into the Pentagon. That's when they realized that the Pentagon already knew everything, so we had to figure out what their strategy was gonna be. You used me to infiltrate Tanz, and then you hacked the kinetic impactor to protect Russia. Why not have them kill me like they did Lazlo? Just do it. Kill you? You are like the son I never had. I want you to come with me. We could finish the EmDrive together. - Where? - Moscow. They will welcome us like Snowden, we'll live like kings, and then we'll launch the gravity tractor, and we will save the world. [door opens] LIAM: You have no idea what they'll do with the technology. You have no idea what they'll do with us. _ _ _ _ Liam, think about it. [cell phone ringing] Who is this? MAN [distorted]: A friend with the same agenda. And what agenda is that? Atlas. Check the message. [phone vibrates, chimes] - What am I looking at? - MAN: Zoom in. Here's the billion-dollar question: What is Tanz technology doing fused inside this rock? Who are you? [phone chirping] Resist? The global hacker collective? This is so Watergate. Wait, how'd you get this photo? I don't reveal my sources. Hopefully you don't, either. Why are you giving me this story, not the Post or the Times? We saw your article on Darius Tanz. A face-to-face meeting in the Treehouse. How did you get that kind of access? Timing... and skill. Use that skill to find out what the Pentagon and Tanz are up to, and you won't be a blogger with a second-rate website anymore. You'll be the future of investigative journalism. And what do you get out of it? The truth. Okay, Mom, I will. Love you, too. If the U.S. and India were both hacked, what are the chances the others are in the clear? Well, we can't very well call up Iran and China for a chat about deep-space probes. Dexter, see if there's any intelligence about the probes out near the IO. Yes, sir. Sir, the Chinese probe just crashed into Jupiter's moon Europa. And we picked up chatter about the Iranian probe going off-line a few hours ago. It's not just us or India, it's all of them. There is a major player out there looking to get control of that asteroid. And the fate of the human race. TANZ: Harris. We need the use of your satellites now. MASON: Black with a little sugar. Thanks. Has this happened before? A lockdown? Once. Seven years ago, when some drone technology was stolen. That's when Darius brought in Lazlo. Who killed himself. The rumor is he was... stealing from the boss. We work in tech. There's lots of secrets running around inside these walls. JAMIE: I had this one cousin, he worked at an aeronautics start-up in Silicon Valley. He was told day one he'd given up all rights to privacy. Sorry. I can't get ahold of Liam, and his work space is empty. He just vanished, and... he's not answering his phone. I had this other cousin, he'd thought he'd paid his phone bill... I'm sure that Liam paid his phone bill, Jamie. TESS: Security measures have been completed. All employees must return to their workstations. - Thank you for your patience. - Let's get back at it. _ [panting softly] [grunts] [panting] CROFT: Liam! I wouldn't do that if I were you. Really? You're gonna shoot me, Croft? After everything we've been through, you're gonna shoot me? I don't want to. I don't want to. But I will if I have to. You killed Lazlo. CROFT: You wanted to see me? I thought maybe you could explain what you're doing here - on this video. - Let me see that. [Lazlo grunts, gunshot] I don't believe it. All of this is for money? No, no, no. Respect. I've watched lesser minds like Darius Tanz make billions off of other people's ideas, while people like you and I, we toil in obscurity. With the EmDrive, finally, this is my chance to join the ranks of-of Oppenheimer, Einstein, Galileo. And I'm asking you to come along with me. Liam, I'm offering you a chance for scientific immortality. Croft, I would rather die a hero than live a traitor. [panting] Croft? - [gun cocks] - CROFT: Drop it. I already told you, Ms. Neel, Darius is not here. Okay, fine. What about Liam Cole? Is he here? He's not, but I'll be happy to pass along a message. Thank you, I'd appreciate that. You're a friend of Liam's? Yeah. I am. Amanda. Jillian. His girlfriend, right? He talks about you all the time. Oh. [chuckles] Have you heard from him today? 'Cause I've been trying to reach him. No, I haven't. Are you okay? Yeah. I don't know. It's been an interesting day. You look like you could use a drink. Actually... I really could. Come on. First round's on me. [chuckles] DEXTER: Satellite imaging shows Liam and Professor Croft being transferred to an SUV three hours ago. We tracked the SUV for 30 miles north-northwest before the satellite moved out of range. You sure you can't pick them up somewhere? We hooked into traffic cams, but they left the grid over an hour ago, the trail is cold. HARRIS: Okay, we have the SUV's license plate number. Let's put out an APB. We don't have time for that. Dexter, we have the license plate. Can you get the VIN number from the DMV? - Sure. - Excuse me, you're not in charge here. Tanz Electronics built the onboard nav entertainment systems for all those SUVs. - In case of emergency... - You'd be able to track them. DEXTER: I have the VIN. I just need your security code to get into the Tanz Electronics control system. And there's a complicated firewall here. Hold on, that's a root-level access terminal. HARRIS: Darius, keep your hands off that keyboard. - You don't have clearance. - There's 20 steps here, Harris. The amount of time it would take me to explain it to Dexter... CLAIRE: Isn't it a little convenient that the EmDrive was lost in the exact moment when you claim it's finally working? It wasn't lost, Ms. Rayburn! It's been stolen because it works. Stolen by the same man who hacked the IO Probe. Why should we believe you? Damn it, because it's the truth. Lazlo was innocent. Darius has done everything he promised. He invented planet-saving technology in record time, which we are perilously close to losing. Don't you think it's time we stopped treating him like the enemy? Ms. Barrows... No, she's right. Have at it. TANZ: This isn't exactly legal, but, then again, neither is waterboarding your own citizens, so... I won't tell... if you don't. DEXTER: Got him. Sir, they're at a private airfield in Maryland. They can take off without FAA authorization from there. Okay, scramble jets to that location and close the airspace out to international waters. We need to mobilize an anti-terror team now. Where are you going? I have a chopper standing by. You coming or not? Yes. All right, Liam, this has gone far enough. Leave me alone! Take everything and go! There's only one other person beside myself that can build an EmDrive. Now, what kind of scientist would I be if I left a variable like that on the table, huh? Now, I'm giving you one last chance. I don't want to kill you. But I will if I have to. So, come on. So, you must love it, getting to work for Darius Tanz. And with your boyfriend there, too. Yeah, it's great... when he's there. Meaning? He disappears. A lot. To where? Who knows? It's like... vanishes like Houdini. Just everything is so secretive over there. You make it sound so sinister. I don't mean to. Working there is an honor. I know that. We're improving the future of humanity. But...? Ugh, ignore me. I think that I have had one martini too many. - [both chuckle] - Listen, you're in a new city, new boyfriend. You're feeling isolated, I get that. And working for Darius Tanz can't be easy. If you ever need a friend to talk to, I'm here. Ah, you know, you're the first friend I made since I moved to Washington. Well... to friendship. To friendship. ♪ ♪ [jet engine whirring] [gun cocks] _ _ _ _ _ [tires screech] - You got to stop the plane! - Drop your weapon! No, no, no, don't shoot, don't shoot! - Get your hands up! - My name is Liam Cole! I work with Darius Tanz! - Please don't shoot. - TANZ: Hold your fire! Hold your fire! He's with us! Are you okay? It was Croft. That son of a bitch. They took everything. They took the research, they took the prototype. - Everything. - Who? The Russians. Understood. What? They can't find the plane. They must've disabled the transponder. And they're flying below radar. Over water in the dark. Russia's in possession of the EmDrive and all the kinetic impactors. Now what? [exhales] I... When the asteroid gets close enough, we... use nuclear weapons and... [exhales] hope for the best. By then, everyone will know. It'll be chaos. Anarchy. We need to inform POTUS. To prepare for the worst. Harris... do you think Atlas is responsible for all this? Let's hope not. So, did you get the answers to your questions? Some. Tess... was the love of my life. I broke her heart and, as it turns out, my own. She's my biggest regret, and now Lazlo. I'm sorry. [sighs] How could I have been so stupid? Croft... He's the only person I haven't vetted in all the years I've let people through these doors. Darius, no one can see everything coming, not even you. He wiped my internal hard drives clean. [chuckles] There's no evidence we ever worked on the EmDrive at Tanz. If you believed so strongly in the EmDrive, why'd you make me steal uranium for the ark? Play the game out till the end. Now that the Russians have the EmDrive, the Americans will challenge them. It will lead to a stand-off. That uranium you risked everything for will power the ark's life support functions, and your selfless bravery will be the only reason any of us live on. You think we're gonna kill ourselves before the asteroid even gets here. Whoever controls the EmDrive controls the fate of the world, Grace. And right now, it's in the hands of our enemy. We have no idea what they'll do with that power. Save us... or destroy us. ♪ ♪ ♪ On the edge of the dark ♪ ♪ I wait for the sun to rise ♪ ♪ Oh, there's still a little light that shines... ♪ Liam? ♪ In my tired eyes... ♪ I didn't mean to wake you up. Where have you been? Um... research. Off-campus. ♪ 'Cause there's still a little light that shines... ♪ Couldn't reach you all day. I thought you were dead or something. ♪ Eyes ♪ ♪ ♪ [Liam sniffles] I'm not dead. ♪ On the edge of the dark ♪ ♪ I will wait for the sun to rise ♪ ♪ 'Cause there's still a little... ♪ I'm right here. ♪ Deep in my tired eyes. ♪ - Synced and corrected by VitoSilans - ... www.Addic7ed.com ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 