Salvation: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Salvation 
 s1e6 - Chip Off the Ol' Block - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Salvation (2017–…): Season 1, Episode 6 - Chip Off the Ol' Block - full transcript 
 Darius recruits Grace, Harris and Liam for a dangerous mission, and Jillian confronts Liam about his secret. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, tech pioneer Darius Tanz! LIAM: Sir, my name's Liam Cole. In 186 days, an asteroid's gonna collide with Earth, and we're all gonna die. Previously on "Salvation"... This isn't business. This is my life. I'm gonna have to lie to her every single day. Do you know how awful that is? AMANDA: A DoD employee with high security clearance was murdered. He saw a file he wasn't supposed to see... Project Atlas. You know that under normal circumstances 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I would never do some of the things I've done. HARRIS: You've made your choices, Grace. Now I need to make mine. All we need is a working EmDrive, and I can build it. Professor Croft, wake up. The EmDrive, it works. Someone here hacked us and killed Lazlo to cover their tracks. The EmDrive is no longer safe at Tanz. Neither are you. TANZ: Grace, this is Theresa, Lazlo's sister. THERESA: It's Tess. You can call me Tess. GRACE: You were in love with her, weren't you? God, it was you? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You're the mole? You are like the son I never had. (gunshot) It was Croft. That son of a bitch, they took everything. Who? The Russians. (thunder rumbling) LIAM: ...and then you had the kinetic impact... Croft! It was you? You're the mole? You're like the son I never had. (voices overlapping, echoing) LIAM: I would rather die a hero than a traitor. Leave me alone! (panting) - Bad dream? - Mm-hmm. What time did you get in last night? Uh, I'm not sure. It was late. Darius is working you way too hard. You can't keep this up. You have to take care of yourself. Ow! Liam, what happened? Oh, it's nothing. I was in a rush, and I ran into something. Was it an oncoming car? Liam, what is going on? Whatever it is, you can talk... I already told you. It's no big deal. Please stop with the third degree, all right? All right. I'm sorry. I-I got a meeting. We'll talk later. I'm fine. I promise. (door opens, closes) (elevator bell dings) Good morning, sir. He's expecting you. This is a damn disaster, Harris. How the hell did you let this happen? Morning. Morning. How do you want your eggs? What are you wearing? I got a job at the diner. Trying to put away some extra cash for college. You're always saying it's never too late to plan for the future. Future. Right. Good girl. Hey, are we still on for dinner tonight with Grandma and Grandpa? (sighs) Mom, no. You can't cancel again. Honey, work is just really insane right now. Whatever. Forget it. I'll just take them to dinner. No, no, no. You're right. Come here. I'm sorry. I'll be there. Promise. Promise. TANZ: You all right, over there? Great. Good. Can't dwell on the past. I didn't know 12 hours ago was the past, but all right. You said your captors were speaking Russian, yes? LIAM: That's correct. Any particular dialect? I'm an astrophysicist. I'm not a linguist, sir. I don't know. So you can't say with certainty they were Russian agents? No, no. HARRIS: At any point, did they mention where they were taking the EmDrive? Moscow. That-that is all I know. CLAIRE: We've had our satellites monitoring Russian airspace for the last 12 hours. No sign of the plane. Mr. Cole? LIAM: Look, I don't know. He just said Moscow, that's all I know. Son, let's cut to the chase. The EmDrive... can you rebuild it from memory? My memory isn't the problem. That drive requires a unique crystal lining to operate it. We extracted that crystal from a meteorite that Darius owns. And it's the only one of its kind on Earth. The most important one-of-a-kind device in human history, and no one at Tanz Industries even thought to properly vet the man building it? Rehashing the past and pointing fingers does little to stop that asteroid. We need to focus on potential solutions, and quickly. Solutions? Forgive me, but from where I'm sitting, Mr. Tanz, you've given us nothing but problems. We gave you $1 billion, and what do we have to show for it? A dead probe and a stolen EmDrive. The probe was your call, and the EmDrive wouldn't even exist if it wasn't for us; we created it. And then you lost it. I can make things right if you would just... I think we've had enough collaboration with Tanz Industries for one lifetime. Gentlemen. I couldn't agree more. Hey, what did you mean when you said you can make this right? You said in there that my meteorite was the only source of the crystal. Yeah. So? What if it wasn't? You'll need your passport. Sir, we have to take immediate action. Whoever controls the EmDrive controls the fate of the planet. Just because the thieves were Russian doesn't mean this was the Kremlin. It could've been corporate espionage, for all we know. Well, what better way to find these thieves than by putting military pressure on Moscow? What's on the table? POTUS is prepared to move the Roosevelt and Lincoln into the Baltic as leverage. You're talking about moving warships before pursuing diplomatic channels. What am I missing here? Grace, the deconfliction line has gone dead. What? Russia has shut off all communication with the U.S. government. Since when? Last night. Why? We don't know. It doesn't make sense. Why steal the EmDrive? Why not pool resources, reach out, give us all a fighting chance? We have a common enemy here. We can speculate all day. The bottom line is they stole our technology. If we hope to get it back, we need a show of strength here. Escalation is not the answer. You're gonna get us all killed before the asteroid even gets here. Secretary Calhoun, I know the Russian ambassador. Katya Osinov... she's a friend. I can reach out to her. Sir, all due respect, Miss Barrows is a press secretary, not a diplomat. HARRIS: I don't care what her title is. She has the relationship. And Miss Barrows has proven herself quite resourceful on this task force. All right, Miss Barrows, try and build that bridge, but do it quickly. Meantime, Harris, I want every satellite, every possible resource devoted to finding the plane carrying that EmDrive. Yes, sir. (phone ringing, vibrating) Hey, Jillian. What's going on? Remember when you said if I ever needed a friend? I think today's my day. Are you free for lunch? Absolutely. KATYA: Don't turn around. Sorry, I can't sit. They may be watching. Katya, I wouldn't have reached out, but the deconfliction line's gone dead. There's been an incident. My government stole your technology. They won't admit it, but they're determined to keep it at all costs. What is this thing, Grace? What did they take? Some kind of weapon? It's not a weapon, but it's important enough that the U.S. is on the verge of military action. There has to be a way to bring our countries to the table. No. Katya, I don't understand. Neither do I, Grace. Whatever we stole from you is retribution. Retribution for what? Something called Atlas. It's the reason they won't negotiate. Atlas. Do you know what that is? No. If you know something, Grace, please tell me. I know you should go home and hug your daughter. Every day. We both should. Take care, friend. I fear for all of us. CALHOUN: Retribution? Yes, that was her exact word. Retribution for what? What's Atlas? HARRIS: Grace, don't say that word to anybody, ever. Grace. She didn't know. Or couldn't say. What exactly did she say, Miss Barrows? That the Russians don't trust us, and never will. (knock on door) Yes? Sir, we've located the plane. Let's see it. DEXTER: One of our satellites tracked it to a remote airstrip in Siberia. Seems they landed to refuel and got caught in a storm. When's the weather supposed to clear? - 36 hours. - That doesn't give us much time. Time for what? Harris, I want a risk assessment from JSOC - for a Special Forces incursion. - Yes, sir. Claire, you're with me. I need to brief POTUS right away. (sighs) Ground troops? To a Russian military base? - They've left us no choice. - Harris, this is beyond a show of force. You're talking about World War III. Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx www.addic7ed.com - HARRIS: Grace? - GRACE: What? The Russians don't want war any more than we do. You don't know that. They don't trust us, Harris. One wrong move, and we're all blown to pieces. And you, you're just standing there, letting it happen. Grace, he's the secretary of defense. I can't overrule him, even if I wanted to. We've sacrificed everything for this mission. Everything: our families, each other. And for what? To have it all end by blowing ourselves up? No. Wait. - Where are you going? - Home. To be with my daughter while there's still time. (door closes) TANZ (recorded): You've reached the personal voice mail of Darius Tanz. If you have this number, it's 'cause you're very important to me. Darius, where are you? (classical music playing) LIAM: Branson? No. Beckham? - Connery? - Stop guessing. Then just tell me who we're here to see and what they have to do with the crystal and... NICHOLAS: Darius? Stop talking, start listening. - Darius! - Nicholas. When my aide said you would make an appearance, I thought he was mistaken. I happened to be in the neighborhood. Uh, Nicholas Tanz, this is Liam Cole, my newest protégé. Nicholas is my... Uncle. I know. I've, uh, I've read your biography. Unauthorized biography. Well, they got most of it right. Uh, tell me, Liam, where do you hail from? Uh, Rhode Island, sir. Providence. NICHOLAS: Family's from there? LIAM: Yeah, my-my mother's there. She's a nurse. Oh. And your father? Yeah, uh, he was not in the picture. Oh. Then you and Darius have something in common. Liam got a full ride at university. He's a very gifted scientist. Well, then you have something else in common. Full ride, I mean. (Tanz chuckles) That's right. Nicholas put me through MIT. Raised him like a son. And how does he repay me? By setting up shop an entire ocean away. Well, I'm here now, aren't I? (quietly): Yeah. So, anyway, Liam's an expert on space rocks. I thought you might enjoy showing him your collection. Oh. Liam, anything you may have seen at Tanz Industries will pale by comparison. Come on. Ready for the grand tour? LIAM: Yes, absolutely. (exhales) So, your boss just lets you eat in his office? (laughs) "Boss" is too strong a word. He was just promoted. And he's on vacay. So, what's going on? Sounded pretty rattled on the phone. Liam and I got in a fight this morning. He's just been acting... ...really strange. "Strange" how? Come on. What are friends for? He had this bruise on him, and he gave me some lame explanation. And all of my alarm bells are going off, and I just... I feel like he's in danger. I know. I must sound crazy to you. Jillian, I don't think you're crazy. I think you're right. What? I've been following a story at Tanz Industries. And it involves the government and Darius Tanz and your boyfriend. What kind of story? The kind that gets people killed. Converted the old stables, I see. NICHOLAS: Right. Well, since you left, I've developed a taste for things with a bit more speed than the ponies offer. (laughs softly) Wow. Yeah. The 1967 Maserati Mistral. The engine under that hood won eight Grand Prix in the late '50s. But that is nothing compared to this beauty. The Khatyrka meteorite. It hit our atmosphere at 155,000 miles per hour. For someone who deals in minerals, it's really something, a one-of-a-kind stone. Hmm. I gave Darius a small chunk when he left. To remind him of home. TANZ: Home... away from home. My parents were from London. Settled in Philly when I was a young boy. Nicholas generously brought me back here for my schooling. You know, I think this would make the perfect centerpiece for a new exhibit I'm putting together for the Smithsonian. Perhaps you would allow them to display it, on loan? You know, it's a funny thing. I've had this rock for years. No fuss, no fanfare. (chuckles) But then, just yesterday, Ivan Petrenko made me an eight-figure offer for the paperweight. The very next day, Darius Tanz lands on my doorstep, and does the same. What are the odds? Clearly, it's, uh... something very special about this rock. Something that would warrant you venturing all the way up here, after all these years. What if I told you it was important to me? More or less important than it was for me that we be partners? Don't act sentimental, Nicholas; it doesn't suit you. It's always been about a number with you, so... let's have it. Perhaps that's the something that we have in common. The answer is no. You're just as I remember you, Uncle. (chuckles) A real son of a bitch. I really must get back to my guests. Thank you for dropping in, Liam. It's been a pleasure. - Yeah. - Yeah. Good-bye, Darius. Bye-bye. What the hell was that? You didn't even try to convince him; you just insulted him. Darius, I do not give a damn about what kind of... daddy or, uh, uncle issues you have. You got to apologize, you got to beg. Nicholas would never sell to me. He'd sooner watch the world burn. Well, if you knew that already, what the hell are we doing here? Let's call it... reconnaissance. LIAM: Reconnaissance for what? Darius, what are you gonna do? I'm gonna steal it. _ JANICE: Chinese takeout. Oh, Gracie, we really should get you a cooking class. Please, as if she has time. The woman's never here. Press office suddenly become a 24/7 job. Really? So they're having press conferences at night now? (chuckles) You know, just can't get it all done. (phone vibrating) No, Mom. - Zoe. - (sighs) No phones at the table is your rule. Just during dinner, please. Okay, you're right. Who is it that keeps calling at this hour? - Are you seeing someone, Grace? - What? No. Well, honey, you know, Mike has moved on. Don't you think it's time that you let another man into the picture? - Mother, please. - HUGH: So, Zoe, when are you leaving for Kenya? Uh, four weeks. But I'm ready to go now. Ed can be a real buzzkill, but at least he's got great taste in whiskey. Isn't it possible you're seeing something you want to see? So forget all the strange things that have happened since Tanz and the DoD have forged this new partnership. Doesn't it strike you as odd that the great and powerful Darius Tanz gave an exclusive to little old me? Mm. Didn't want to say anything. You won't hurt my feelings. I'm a nobody. For now. But Darius knows that. It's a misdirect to throw me off the scent. From what? I'm not sure. Not yet. But whatever it is, it's big enough that someone tried to run me over to shut me up. You got hit by a car? (sighs) And here's what I think that they're afraid of. - JILLIAN: Two kids? - Not the kids, the rock with Tanz technology in it. - What is it? - I don't know. Whatever it is, a Pentagon employee was murdered over it. His name was Walter Carnahan. He was a friend of Grace Barrows. DoD press secretary and liaison to Tanz Industries. Uh, Grace, this is Jillian Hayes. We need to talk, now. Yeah, okay. And you're saying that Liam is in the middle of all of this? Mm-hmm. But if I can expose the truth, I might be able to protect him. How? It's important that we get him on the right side of this thing. So maybe you could see what he knows, or see what you could find out for yourself. - You want me to be a spy? - No. I want you to be a source. (water running) You look terrible. (laughs softly) Thanks, Daddy. Just like your old man. Workaholic. - Chip off the old block. - (doorbell rings) ZOE: I got it. Gracie. What's going on? You of all people should know not to ask. Fair enough. ZOE: Um, Mom? You have a visitor. H-Hi. Sorry to intrude. Uh, Dad, Zoe, this is Darius Tanz. JANICE: So... you do have a boyfriend. Mother. He's not my boyfriend. Not yet. She likes to play hard to get. I bet she learned that from you, didn't she? (chuckles) We work together. A joint collaboration with the DoD and my company. Your daughter's been a tremendous asset to the project. Which is why I'm here. Pressing problem. Sorry for barging in, but your phone was off. Darius, they found the plane with the EmDrive on a Russian airstrip in the Arctic. Calhoun's sending in Special Forces in 36 hours. Ground troops on Russian soil? That's... that's madness. The deconfliction line is dead. - They're out of options. - No. They're not. I have a way of rebuilding the EmDrive, but... - But you need my help. - No, no. I'd like your help, but it's Harris I really need. _ (sighs) (panting) (phone ringing, vibrating) Jillian. JILLIAN: Amanda. You were wrong. There's nothing going on here. I couldn't find anything. I-I got to go. (line clicks) Jillian? Liam, I need to know what's going on. Now. This is blood on your clothes. A lot of blood. If you're in some sort of trouble, Amanda said - she would be able to help you. - Amanda? - From Capitol Eyes? - Yeah, we've become friends. The only person Amanda wants to help is Amanda. She's a reporter. She's just looking for red meat. At least she's honest with me. What is going on, Liam? If I don't get a straight answer... I'm leaving. Okay, you're gonna want to sit down for this. (softly): Okay. (sighs) And for your safety, you have to promise me you won't tell a soul. I shouldn't be here. Neither should you, Grace. Calhoun's ordered an end to this collaboration, full stop. I might have something that will change your mind. Tess, play back file Recon-1. HARRIS: All right, what am I looking at here? TANZ: 3-D imaging scans I took of the target with a contact lens. That's quite a security detail. Whose mansion? Nicholas Tanz, my uncle. Okay. You have my attention. My crystalline meteorite that we used to complete the EmDrive was only part of a larger piece that fell to Earth. A chip off the old rock. And Nicholas owns the original. Which he keeps here in the converted stables, accessible through the main hall or... this service tunnel. I'm sensing this is where I come in. I was hoping you'd be so kind as to scare us up some guys with guns. Please. (scoffs) (clears throat) Okay. You want me to authorize a tactical extraction on U.K. soil to steal a meteorite from your own uncle? Yeah, we can't steal it. This, uh, thing weighs at least a few tons. We're gonna have to extract the crystal from there. Well, did you ask him nicely? Well, you know how family can be. GRACE: If we can get the crystal from Nicholas, we can rebuild our own EmDrive. And there's no need to send troops to Russia. GRACE: Harris, we can prevent war. But time's running out. Please, you got to convince Calhoun. No, no. Calhoun will never go for this. We'll have to do it ourselves. An asteroid is coming in 148 days. Croft is a spy for the Russians. And you... killed him. You realize how insane you sound? (sighs) Yeah. But it's the truth. (sobbing softly) Look, I was trying to protect you from all this. Protect me? Liam, how could you keep this from me? - I made a decision. - It's my life. I get to decide how I want to live my last days. Not you. I realize how overwhelming all of this is, but we're working on the problem. All right? That's why I'm here. We're gonna build a new EmDrive. - I got to go. - Where? Home. Jillian. Jillian, Jillian. Nobody outside the Pentagon knows about this, and if word got out... Screw you. (door closes) Nicholas is leaving for his weekend retreat. He'll have half a dozen armed guards manning the perimeter. No picnic, but doable with a properly-equipped team. Wait. H-Hold on. Let's just say that I can pull together weapons, gear and some former special ops guys. I can't just waltz them into the U.K. without being noticed. Not without help from Langley or-or the State Department at least. GRACE: Uh... I may be able to help out with that. I know a guy. HARRIS and TANZ: You do? Yes. (elevator doors open) TANZ: Liam, perfect timing. I need you to draw up instructions for Harris's team on how to extract the crystal. - No. - Excuse me? I'm going. To London. Okay, Rambo. Do you want a team or is this a one-man mission? - Look, I need to see this through. - Yeah, well, I need you here with me. Yeah, well, it's not your damn decision, is it? I've given up everything to make that drive a reality. I have, I have lied for it, I have killed for it, and now I've lost the woman I love because of it. HARRIS: Liam, I'm with Darius here. I can't have any liabilities in the field. - The stakes are too high. - (scoffs) My guys are quick studies, with combat experience. How much time have your guys spent in a lab? I'm the only person that has ever extracted that crystal. You want to talk about stakes? What happens if your guy breaks his only diamond-tipped drill bit? Or the extractor overheats and fuses to the rock? We are all screwed, that's what. We only have one chance. It's got to be me. It has to be me. Fine. But you follow my orders to the letter. Okay? I'm not about to get us all killed so you can play hero. - Are we clear? - Yeah, yeah, we're clear. Your orders? I'm going with him. So, this, uh... guy of yours that you know, who is he? (car door opens, closes) Thanks for coming. Daddy, you know I never ask much of you 'cause I knew you couldn't cross those lines, but I'm afraid I have to now. What can you tell me? I need to get a plane into the U.K. undetected. Private airstrip. No questions asked. Will they be armed? I have a contact. MI6. Should be able to smooth the transition. Send me the plane tail number and transponder code. When do you need this? Now. Gracie, there were days that I was sure the world was gonna break apart under my feet. But we're still here. How did you deal with all the secrets? You learn to compartmentalize. And your mother... didn't ask many questions. - She learned not to. - Yeah. She drank instead. Mm. I think part of me always knew you were more than a businessman. It's what I hoped. Then when you'd leave suddenly and miss my birthdays, dance recitals, it's 'cause... you were doing something really important. Made it easier. Serving your country, it's tricky business. Will Zoe ever forgive me? Did you? Forgive me? (sighs) More than you know. Whatever you've got going, good luck. (door opens) MAN: Yo. Rebel. It's actually "Deputy Secretary" now. Oh. Excuse me. Come on. Hey, thanks for doing this, Griff. Gents, how we looking? Wheels up in 20. Good. (grunts) One last thing. Gel-cased capacitor ammunition. Six-round magazine, holographic sight. Layman's terms, this little beastie fires an electrical charge like a bullet. It'll drop anything smaller than a rhino at up to 200 yards. Non-lethally, of course. Nicholas's guards are not the enemy, just men doing their job. Inside is an altitude and heading. Tell your pilot to follow those, and our contact at MI6 will make sure the Royal Air Force turns a blind eye. You are full of surprises. Hey. Don't worry. I'll be careful. You sure about this? Yeah. Putting yourself in harm's way isn't gonna bring Jillian back. This is your fault. You brought her here. I had my reasons. I don't care about your reasons. I told you I didn't want to have to lie to her, but you didn't give a crap. You destroyed us, Darius. You're a heartless prick just like Nicholas. So, is this retribution? I don't assume to know what the Russians want. Talking about you. I mean, this was your home. Your uncle took you in, put you through school. What happened? Incapable of finding happiness, he settled for destroying everyone around him who could. And where does Tess fit into the story? My father and Nicholas were business partners. They had a falling out. Dad picked up and moved us all to Philly. I was seven at the time. Tess and Lazlo were my neighbors. We grew up together. How'd you end up living with Nicholas? My father... (exhales) ...he drank. You know, couldn't keep a job. Nicholas saw something in me and offered to whisk me away, boarding school and MIT. He was... my ticket out. And Tess? What about her? You were in love with her? Madly. So, what happened? Then, um... Nicholas offered me a-a staggering sum of money to-to start my-my first business, and I took it. What's wrong with that? In exchange, I agreed to stop seeing her. Nicholas thought that love would get in the way of my greatness. I-I was his investment. He wasn't about to let it all be squandered over a girl. He sounds like a monster. Nick was the serpent in the garden, but I was... all too willing to take the apple. Liam's right. I am a prick. The other night, you said Tess was your greatest regret. So? Real pricks don't have regrets. Well, I bared my soul, or what's left of it. Your turn. Who said I want a turn? (both laugh) (computer beeps) Saved by the ping. They've touched down. Here we go. Tess, activate surveillance screen. TESS (automated voice): Surveillance activated, Darius. - You all right? - Yeah. Hey, stick to me like glue, and I'll get us both home safe. Deal? Deal. Go. TANZ (over earpieces): Go 20 meters straight. Right up the stairs. Hold it there. Security detail will be passing you in ten seconds. (panting softly) TANZ: You've got three guards on the south entrance. (silenced gunfire) HARRIS: Let's go. We've got about 30 minutes till they wake up. HARRIS: Garage is just up ahead. Get ready. Clear. Okay, Liam, you're up. (tool whirring) Darius. I thought I saw something. - Interference? - Hold on. Harris, you've got company. I don't know who they are, but they are headed your way. All right. Pack it up. Time to go. I don't have enough of the crystal yet. (guards speaking Russian) We are out of time, Liam. Okay, just a few more seconds. - All right. Move out. - All right. HARRIS: Package secure. Moving to exfil. Wait for us, Liam. - (door opens) - HARRIS: Liam! Take cover! (guards shouting) (shouting, gunfire continue) HARRIS: Darius, they're Russian commandos! Our ground cams are down. Harris? (man speaking Russian) Can you hear me? (man speaking Russian) Harris? (guards speaking Russian) (speaking Russian) (silenced gunshot) Come on. Ride's waiting. Darius? (laughs) - They made it. - (laughs): Yeah. (sighs) Hey. You did good out there. This could make the difference for all of us. You're a real hero, Liam. Hey, you ever need to talk to someone about Croft... ...I've been there. Thanks. Thought we'd lost you there for a moment. Yeah, you and me both. I reached Calhoun. They're calling off the dogs. I don't want to be without you anymore. Me, neither. ("Waking Light" by Dwayne Shivers playing) ♪ You ♪ ♪ Crawling back home ♪ ♪ And the rain came falling like a stone ♪ ♪ You ♪ ♪ Walking all alone ♪ ♪ Can't stand the night on your own... ♪ (knock at door) (door opens) TANZ: You were right. Jillian was a ploy to motivate you, manipulate you, at first. Then I saw something in her, the same thing you did. But... bringing her here wasn't my choice to make. Was that an apology? Uh, an acknowledgment. You've been through a lot. Jillian. Give her some time. But don't give up. ♪ Bring it all together through the dawn ♪ MAN: Sir. Full accounting has been rendered. Nothing else was taken. - And it was kept quiet? - Of course. In terms of a response, what's the plan? Retribution. ZOE: Mom! Mom, what are you doing down here? - H-Have you seen the news? - What time is it? - Just look. - (On TV): Russia conducted a... GRACE: What's going on? NEWSMAN: ...in brazen violation of several nuclear treaties. At the same time, the Russian embassy shuttered its doors and began moving its employees out of the country. Russian Ambassador Katya Osinov had this to say. We regret that our government has had to take this course of action, but the Americans know what they have done to cause this breakdown in relations. We only hope they do not make any more moves signaling aggression toward the Russian people. They're saying Russia's pointing missiles at us, preparing for war. Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 