Britain's Busiest Airport: Heathrow: Season 5, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Britain's Busiest Airport: Heathrow 
 s5e9 - Episode #5.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Britain's Busiest Airport: Heathrow (2015–2020): Season 5, Episode 9 - Episode #5.9 - full transcript 
 A 5-star airline gives a top tier performance all about baggage. Rob deals with a frozen chicken trying to enter the country. There is a surprise for passengers flying to top European destinations. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Heathrow is the busiest two-runway airport in the world. Hold Lima One. I will have news for you very shortly. With over 1,300 planes taking off and landing every day. We don't want to miss it. But keeping it open for business is harder than ever. That plane's not gonna take off until we find out where this animal is. As Arnie would say... AS ARNIE: I'll be back. Managing crisis on the runway... We have to treat this as a crime scene. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 No one is coming off that plane. ..guarding Britain's biggest border... Can you check the gentleman's bag when he comes around, please? That's frozen chicken. RADIO CHATTER ..and dealing with drama in departures. Cardiac arrest. For the 77,000 staff... I would help you but I'm five foot three. ..every day is nonstop. That's how we roll. SHE CHUCKLES With a first-class ticket into Britain's biggest and busiest airport... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm a king, innit. Right. Yeah! Welcome to Heathrow. I'm really excited. I know it's going to be good. The skies above Heathrow are home to 87 airlines, three quarters of which are national flag carriers. Each could be described as an embassy with wings, proudly flashing their country's brand to the world. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Japan airlines, JAL, was appointed the nation's flag carrier in 1953 and became Japan's first international airline. Now its exclusive service has earned them the highest rating an airline can achieve, five stars. But maintaining this excellence means all parts, great and small, have to be given the utmost care and attention, including baggage. Quite a lot of bags, as usual. Hopefully it won't take too long. The man in charge of running baggage transfers like clockwork... Er... ..is JAL's meticulous passenger service agent Mr Sho. There's a bit of miscommunication between the loadmaster and arrival. I always like to prepare myself for everything. Oh, God. Not yet. Oh, my goodness. So, I don't switch off. Taking quite long. Today's cargo of 261 suitcases from Tokyo is amongst over half a million bags that are transferred from Japan to Heathrow every year. We're all clear of baggage. RADIO: 'Clear baggage, thank you.' So to keep the... CHUCKLES .."Sho" on the road, the aim now, as always, is to get that first piece of luggage off the plane and to the carousel in under 17 minutes. Oh, no, Sho's the worst. He'll be right on my case. If, er... If the bags aren't done in time. They're on the way. Should be here by now. He just told me he's on the way. While one national airline envoy is kept waiting in the wings... ..another two customer service ambassadors, Siobhan and Heather, are busy having good old craic. Oh, my god. It's not gonna go under there. Giving their passengers a special send-off to Dublin's fair city. Walk, Heather, walk. Move. I'm trying to walk. I'm gonna push you towards the loo in a minute. Aer Lingus, the Irish flag carrier, boasts a heritage of tip-top customer service. Did you want a cupcake? MAN: Thank you. They're my lovely Irish bakers, you see. Oh, very good. I think the reason people like to fly with Aer Lingus, it's the friendliness. I think the Irish are known... I mean, they're known for a lot of things, but caring, compassionate and very friendly. I see you're full of celebration there. Guinness. Yeah, Guinness. Love you, Dublin. Bye. Do you want a cupcake, sir? When they're not handing out cupcakes at the departure gate, Siobhan and Heather are keeping their check-in area spick and span. Heather, you missed a bit. Heather. See a bit over... Mind your feet. I feel like I'm at home. LAUGHTER The floor is not the only surface that's having a polish. Because today, Aer Lingus' 20-year-old branding is being replaced with a crisp flagship design and the very first plane unveiling the new livery is due in this afternoon. Where are you travelling to? Dublin. Are you on the one... 2:15. Oh, lovely, the new aircraft today. Oh, it's a really big thing. I was here first time round. I worked for Aer Lingus when we first painted the aircraft, so it's lovely to be here again when the rebranding's happening again. Is it gonna be still a shamrock? I'm excited for the staff to see it. They can't wait for something new. Think of the film Elf when they said Santa Claus was coming. EXCITED SCREAM The rebrand is coming! Yay! With rebrand fever clearly gripping the staff, passenger experience manager Sue swings by to offer her design appreciation. It's much, much fresher, isn't it? So, it's much fresher. Looks bright, looks a bit cheery. And it's a bit modern. It's a little bit livelier. No, I think it's nice, don't you? Are you gonna have an upgrade on your uniforms? Yes, er, that's coming towards the end of the year. We haven't seen it yet. We suspect it might be teal. What happens if it turns out to be this lime kind of green? We can't have it that colour cos you'd lose the staff. SHE CHUCKLES And Aer Lingus can't afford to lose staff with Dublin being Heathrow's number one European destination. So before the new plane arrives, they've still got to process 3,000 passenger bags and get them to their correct planes. They'll be joining the 37 million pieces of luggage that are whisked around on Heathrow's nearly 42,000 conveyor belts every year. Most airlines handle bags in much the same way, but Japan Airlines chooses to treat their load a little differently. Coming now. Regulated by Mr Sho's timekeeping, JAL's baggage handling is not just functional. You get a good comparison now, to see their bags. You watch our bags. It's about exacting presentation. So, as you can see, all the agents are making sure that the bags are put straight up on the belt. All the handles facing outside, so that's easy for passengers to just grab the handle and then slide them off the belt. Rather than just, like, searching for the handle and then pick it up. Now with the bags neatly dispatched, it's time for the... "Sho-piece". Who wrote this? I'm not a professional athlete, but it's always nice to stretch yourself before you do some exercise. HE LAUGHS Got it. I'm not strong at all. These bags are not too heavy. Hopefully it is. I'll find out in maybe two days time, might get some muscle aches. Clearly there's customer service and there's Japanese customer service. I'm just looking for the... bags for the, er... a man travelling with a small kid. Just as a courtesy. This unique attention to hospitality and detail is known as a motenashi. A motenashi is, in a sense, like a proactive way of serving passengers, so instead of waiting for passengers to contact you and ask for help you just, er, provide the help before they even ask for it. It's the one with the rainbow belt. Thank you. SPEAKS JAPANESE So if you're travelling in Japan and you're wondering, "How did they think of that?", you've probably been motenashied. I think it's absolutely fabulous. I love perfection. And that makes me a very happy person. Very neatly arranged. I've never seen them so neat. Actually, we have. Where we just came from, in Tokyo, they do this. It's not the same on that belt. As the last of the immaculately handled baggage is reunited with its owner, it's time to reflect on this morning's workout. Nearly half a million flights pass through Heathrow every year, which means welcoming 650 landings and saying bon voyage to over 660 departures each day. That's heaven for some. And hell for others. I've got a whole fear of aeroplanes, which is strange for someone that works in an airport, I know. But I just don't like 'em. Last time I went on there was nobody else. My pulse went up from 63 to 104, that was just getting on. You're scared of planes? I hate aeroplanes with a passion. And I've just said that to the wrong team. MUSIC IMITATES JAWS THEME Border Force Rob can't get away from his flying demons. Today him and his team are swooping from gate to gate, making spot checks on passengers as soon as they disembark. Here we go. Tell everybody to get their passports and ID cards ready for inspection. Thank you. Are you travelling alone? One person, alone? Yes. Why have you come to London? The job of Border Force is to protect the British border as well as ensuring the welfare of those entering the UK. How long are you here for? Three days. OK. Thank you very much. Cheers, thank you. Take care, bye-bye. Who's next, please? Sir, can you come forward? Come forward. As officers slowly file through the passengers, they come across a Romanian man who's told them he's come to the country to work. What kind of work will you be doing here? Construction. Construction? How many hours will you be working? Do you know how many hours a day? No. No? He speaks very limited English. He has no money on him. We'll just go and get a translator for Romanian for you so we can talk properly. HE SPEAKS ROMANIAN The boss? Ah, the boss is... The boss. We'll get interpreter on telephone. Yeah, it will be helpful. OK. Brilliant. East European workers coming to the UK are often hired for cheap labour, which sometimes leads to exploitation, so Rob and his team need to find out more about this man's situation. OK, so if you place your baggage... Further clues might well lie in his personal belongings. It's about understanding everything, from what he states his reasons for coming to the UK is versus what's in his bag. He brought his own food as well. This food is for you? Yes. OK. He's brought his own frozen chicken. It's OK, it's OK. I'm a Quorn veggie burger person myself, mate. That's OK, no problem. Finding raw chicken is nothing, really. We find all sorts in bags. I've come across dead goats. That was someone who was studying witchcraft, just bring a dead goat in your bag, as you do. Yeah, I mean, I always do. We've got a lot of work clothes here, so this is a good indication of the passenger's intentions here. There we go, more work pants. In the UK, Romanian builders form the most prominent foreign workforce in the construction industry. Judging by the quality of the clothing he's got here and the quality of the toiletries he's got as well, quite old, maybe indicating poverty back home. He's brought his life with him. So, we're all done, yeah? Bag search? Working in the UK on minimum wage as a builder could be a life changing opportunity, as you earn three times more than in Romania. Ultimately this chap's come to the UK for a better life. He's come from a poor country, he's got no money, he's got no possessions, he's got absolutely nothing. So in all fairness to him, on a personal note, he's probably done the right thing. But it's important that we establish that work is within the laws and that the employers themselves are responsible. That's where I'm getting to. I want to get to the person who's behind it. Thank you very much. Border Force officers are investigating the circumstances surrounding a Romanian construction worker who's been promised a job in the UK. I'm just waiting for an interpreter. OK. Who is he gonna be working for while he's here? INTERPRETER SPEAKS ROMANIAN MAN REPLIES IN ROMANIAN INTERPRETER: 'He really doesn't know his name.' What's the name of the company the boss owns? MAN SPEAKS ROMANIAN 'He doesn't know.' And how are they gonna pay you? How will you collect your wages? MAN SPEAKS ROMANIAN 'Not sure how they will pay.' Name the address that you're gonna be staying in. MAN SPEAKS ROMANIAN 'He doesn't know the name.' He needs to know that, as a Romanian national, he has a right to work here, but he also has a right to earn minimum wage here as well. And if he isn't, then he is being exploited. And if he is being exploited, then he will get the necessary help. Thank you very much. There's a lot of red flags that I'm not happy with at the moment. It's gonna be interesting to find out who this sponsor is and if there is something untoward going on. I've got my suspicions. At Terminal 2, there's a definite buzz amongst the Aer Lingus staff ahead of a distinguished VIPP arrival, that's Very Important Painted Plane. I'm really excited. Oh, God. I don't know. I don't know what I'm expecting, actually, but I know it's going to be good. Thanks very much. Have a good flight. Check-in going grand, out on the airfield someone who has seen more than one flagship paint job is turnaround manager John. I started on the airport here, with Aer Lingus, 1st April 1970. That's 49 years in April. That's... ..a lifetime. On this historic occasion, John's making sure the inaugural flight is turned around speedily, ready to depart to Dublin bang on time. OK? All good. This will be my first time seeing the new livery. I've seen a few bits on the YouTube or the newspapers and it looks very fresh, looks very good. RADIO BEEPS Go ahead. RADIO CHATTER Final's 20 run out. Here at five past. Thanks. It's landed. I've heard it's landed. Oh, here it comes. Here it comes. The back tail there. It's coming, it's coming. Oh, wow. Lovely. Oh. It's lovely and clean looking as well. It looks really modern. It takes up to ten days to paint a single plane, sucking up 500 litres of paint. And let's face it, any embassy would need a revamp after 20 years. But is it a hit with the veteran on the ground? Well, I see a lot of white. Lots of, erm... I like the way the shamrock is... The design on the tail. It's definitely eye-catching, definitely freshens up compared to when you look at the one next door. I think it's very, very nice. With the gate about to open, it's also the first chance for the passengers to take a look at the new design. This is the new one. This is the new paint colour on it, this one here, yeah? Yeah, you came in on that one. You're gonna leave on this one. As long as it makes Dublin. It makes Dublin! Well, I think it's very nice. The colour is very nice. It looks the bloody same. But, you know, thanks for them for trying. Let's put it that way. Oh, yes, you've got a shamrock, an Aer Lingus, and it's still green. Even though British Airways owns you. Well, actually, Aer Lingus and British Airways are both owned by the same massive European company. But, shenanigans aside, John is in the middle of conducting a fast-paced turnaround. How we doing? In just 40 minutes he needs to direct the arrival of the new crew... Would we set a time for boarding? ..and orchestrate the fuel and baggage intake. OK, you've got your fuel. That's good. OK, any changes, give me a shout. We have our final guests. They should be on board in a moment. JOHN ON RADIO: 'Lovely, thanks a million.' So we should start any second now. So, another on time, if not early, departure. Well done. So with the luck of the Irish, the maiden flight sours to Dublin. IRISH ACCENT: May the road rise up to meet you. Meanwhile, at the border, Border Force Rob is not leaving it to luck when it comes to allowing a Romanian construction worker into the UK. The most important thing that we need to do now is just gather every little piece of evidence that we possibly can to try and make the right decision for the passenger. Erm, ultimately it's this passenger's life that we're dealing with here, so the only choice has got to be the right choice. Yeah, so, we just took the chap to the toilet and then he received a phone call from a guy called Gabriel. He's claiming to be a friend and he said, "Who are you?" He was a bit reluctant to give any details. When I said Border Force he was more forthcoming. He gave me a contact number for a guy and he says he knows about where he'll be staying, what job he'll be doing, so it's probably best if we give that person a call. Enter paradise. PHONE RINGS 'Hello?' Hello, it's immigration here at Heathrow airport. 'Yes.' Hello, are you expecting anyone into the UK today? 'I am indeed, yes.' Who are you expecting? 'Nicholas, his name is.' OK, and what relationship is Nicholas to yourself? 'He's... Basically I'm gonna be employing him. 'For a construction job.' Where's he gonna be staying? Is accommodation part of the job? 'It is indeed, yes.' Is that his own flat or is he gonna be sharing? 'He's gonna be sharing. 'Shared accommodation.' OK. How many hours a week will he be working? 'Well, 8-10 hours a day, probably.' And what's he gonna be paid? 'At the moment he's gonna be paid 'minimum pay of eight pounds something.' So who arranges the national insurance and the tax side of it for him? 'Well, I will be doing that when he arrives. 'As soon as he has his paperwork ready, I'll employ him.' That's wonderful. 'Can I just ask you? 'You're asking me all sorts of questions. 'But I'm not really understanding the entire purpose for it. 'Is there something wrong with him or...? 'I'd rather know if I'm taking somebody on.' Yeah, sure. Obviously he comes to the UK, he's got limited use of English, so we just need to make sure that it's all right for him. That's all it is at this stage. OK, thank you very much for your help. 'Thank you, then, bye-bye.' Bye-bye. He probably does own the company, he probably does. With the owner verifying that he is the man's employer and showing responsibility, the next step is to establish the authenticity of the company itself. Right, let's run this business address through intel. Let's do some checks on it and see if anything comes back. Yeah? Yeah. And Rob makes sure the business is trading legitimately by also running its details through the police database. There's good news as the checks come back clear. Finally the eager worker, and his frozen chicken, are allowed to enter the country. OK, lovely, thank you. If you just follow my colleague. There was a lot of mixed feelings with him while he was here because obviously it was a new country for him, so he didn't know what was right and what was wrong here, so I think there was a big sigh of relief as he did walk away from the airport. Hopefully we've done everything we can to look after him. Let's loosen it up a bit. There's not much we can do. Try pulling it round as it's going up. No, it's not going. 32H I'm looking for. Straight down? You need to come with us, sir. You need to come off the flight now. We need to speak to you. Subtitles by TVT OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 