Britain's Busiest Airport: Heathrow: Season 5, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Britain's Busiest Airport: Heathrow 
 s5e11 - Episode #5.11 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Britain's Busiest Airport: Heathrow (2015–2020): Season 5, Episode 11 - Episode #5.11 - full transcript 
 A group of hockey champions try to use their gold medals to get an upgrade. Passenger Experience Manager Sue gets star struck when a series of VIPs through every terminal. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 JULIE WALTERS: Heathrow is the busiest two-runway airport in the world. 'Hold Lima One.' I will have news for you very shortly. With over 1,300 planes taking off and landing every day. You don't want to miss it. LAUGHTER But keeping it open for business is harder than ever. So, that plane's not gonna take off until we find out where this animal is. GUNFIRE As Arnie would say... AS ARNIE: I'll be back. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Managing crisis on the runway... We have to treat this as a crime scene so no-one is coming off that plane. ..guarding Britain's biggest border... Sam, can you check the gentleman's bag when he comes around, please? That's frozen chicken. RADIO CHATTER ..and dealing with drama in departures. Cardiac arrest. For the 77,000 staff... I would help you, but I'm five foot three. ..every day is nonstop. That's how we roll. LAUGHTER With a first class ticket 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 into Britain's busiest and biggest airport... I'm a king, innit! Right. Yeah! HE LAUGHS ..welcome to Heathrow. I'm really excited, but I know it's going to be good. Heathrow is currently king of the long-haul flight. With over 80 of its destinations taking more than ten hours to get to. But in order to stay up on its throne, it's always looking to open up more routes. And over in Terminal Four, is an airline on the push for more prominence, Air Astana. Hello, everyone. The flight is full, business class is completely booked. Air Astana is the national airline of Kazakhstan, a former member of the Soviet Republic and this month, the airline is promoting a new daily direct route from Heathrow to Kazakhstan's capital, Nur-Sultan. Today, Isabella, the no-nonsense passenger service agent, is in charge of the new 1805 departure to the Kazakh capital. And there's VIPs on board. Take a picture. 24 of them to be precise, because Kazakh's top ice hockey team, Arlan, are travelling home after winning the ice hockey Continental Cup... ..in Belfast. Last year, we were the champions of the Kazakhstan championship. Yeah. And in our town, in the Kokshetau... I think we're famous. Yeah, we are famous. We are like Chelsea. And it won't be just burly ice hockey players weighing down the plane. So, this one is the heavy bag. It's 28.5... Er, do you know likely how many bags you're gonna check in? Is it one per person, plus the six? Yes? Cool. I'll ask and come back to you to sort it out, OK? So, basically, the first bag that we tried to check-in was overweight by seven kilogrammes, so the passengers will have to pay excess seven kgs. And that's just one of 24 identical bags, so these returning heroes may well end up selling their gold medals just to pay for their excess baggage. MUSIC: 'Music To The Dramatic Poem By H Ibsen Op 46/55' by Peer Gynt It's gonna cost them around thousands, maybe. Two, three thousands, most likely. Looks like Team Arlan could be coming off worse in the baggage face-off. So, basically, you all have 20kgs allowance. Whatever it's over, we will have to charge you. No-one speaks Russian here. Sorry. Kazakhstan became independent from the USSR in 1991, but Igor, the Russian coach, still feels he should call the shots. So, over here, we have to follow the rules. Having failed at getting the airline to turn a blind eye, Igor turns to friends in high places. PRODUCER: Why are they angry? Kazakhstan's hockey heroes aren't the only VIPs. Over in T2, there's rumours of a royal presence at a charity event. News that's got all of Heathrow excited. Yeah, I think I'd be a bad-boy king. Remember that's my middle name. King. The third! Carlo is king. King of the buggies. I'm a king, innit? Right. Yeah. HE LAUGHS He ferries passengers between the 42 Terminal Three gates and like every cab-driver, he likes to talk. I grew up in the royal family generation. My mother has all of the plates and all that stuff, so, yeah, I think the royal family are a good thing. And with the top three most visited royal palaces in the world within 15 miles of Heathrow, the royals are always a hot topic. Yeah. So, how do you feel about the royal family, ma'am? The royal family? Yeah. Well, I am British, so... Yeah. I'm in favour of the royal family. Yeah. So, you part of a royalty fan? Yes, we are. Yes, we've never met them. Yeah. Never been called up to be knighted or anything like that. Ah, OK, OK. I can't believe that. LAUGHTER Should they be around? Shouldn't they be around? In your young view? I think they should be around. It's part of the history of our country and it makes the UK the UK, you know? What you think about Meghan, then? You like her? I love her, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah? She's great. Did you see the shoes she's got on? She wears Louboutin and that, you know? Louboutins. Yeah, yeah. I think if I was a girl, I'd probably Louboutins too. Oh, is it? Talking of the Queen, you don't think you could do the Queen's wave? They just lift their hand, don't they? How do they do it? Like this? I think they just lift their hand. They just lift their hand, you say? I think they just do this. You actually know it, then! LAUGHTER Before Carlo goes off to practice his regal wave, he leaves his passenger with one last majestic factoid. In a game of chess, the queen looks after the king. Did you know that? SHE LAUGHS I think all women look after their men. Oh, well said, well said. Over in Terminal Two, confirmation of the royal visit has reached passenger experience manager, Sue, who's on crowd control duties and getting swept up in all the excitement. We're waiting for His Royal Highness the Earl of Wessex. He supports the Duke of Edinburgh Award. So, we're quite excited. He's due any moment now. Prince Edward is the youngest son to the Queen. No trumpet entrance, just an escalator with the CEO of Heathrow. Although he's 11th in line to the throne, Sue makes sure she catches his eye. He's about.. Is he in his early 50s now? Yeah, I think he must be. I think he looks quite good. When royals come to Heathrow to catch a plane, surprisingly, they don't need a passport, so they never go through immigration. But if you don't wear a crown, you will end up at one of the 197 departure gates, where you may meet new Border Force dog, Henry... Oh, good boy. Come here. Come here. ..and his handler Border Force Dave. Today, Henry is hoping to impress, sniffing the passengers at the gate, he's looking for one thing and one thing only. So, Henry here is trained to find large quantities of money, so, that's what we're hoping to find. He's off already. Criminal gangs often try and take large quantities of cash out of the country to fund illegal activities. It's Henry's job to identify them before they get on the plane. He's a customs dog, OK? He's trained to find money. Do you do you have any money in your bag? And how much money is it? 3,000. 3,000. Yes! Good boy. Good boy. Can we have a look in the bag, please? Cash dogs are able to smell the ink on banknotes. Just let him check your hand luggage. Any large quantities found, will be investigated by Border Force officers. I'm happy with what you're carrying and where it's come from. I've seen your online statements as well, right? Henry is off to a good start, but he isn't the only new boy trying to impress today. Is it taken out of a bank, is it? Yeah. It is. And can I see the receipt, please? Thank you. Border Force Sam joined the team just seven months ago and is fresh out of school. It's like playing a game of chess. If they are trying to tell you a story that's not legitimate, you've got to figure out what is right, what makes sense. You've got to think what you would do yourself. If you wouldn't go to Dubai with £80,000, why would someone else? So, there's your passport. Have a safe flight, OK? Thank you. Cheers. Goodbye. Bye. Thank you. Today, they're sniffing out passengers heading to Dubai. He's gonna have a little sniff around your luggage. That's fine. Just carry on. It's a known route for trafficking money for criminal activity. Historically, and especially of late, over the last few months there's been quite a lot of cash finds, detection and seizures going out to Dubai, so it's quite a hot destination at the moment. Hello, folks. Come in. Just come in. Good boy. OK, just come down. Stop there, mate. Stop there for a second. Do you have any money with you in your bag? How much is in here? 1,500. Yes. OK. Do you have any other money other than that? OK. Yes! Good boy. OK, do you want to pick your bag up and just carry on round. Thank you very much. Thank you. Sam, can you check the gentleman's bag, please? Yes. Where are you going? Dubai. OK. And the money, is it your money, yeah? It's your money, OK. Have you got a bank receipt? Can I just see the receipt? Can you take it out? So, how much is there? 1,500. Are you sure there's not more there? He says 1,500. Can you just show her the money? $1,500, he says. That's more than 1,500. That's what I said. This is more than 1,500. Look at the receipt. That's what I'm saying. These are all hundreds. This... sir, is not 1,500. How much is this? Tell us the truth. How much is this? You're not in any trouble. With the flight due to depart in 15 minutes, this man won't be travelling anywhere until officers Rani and Sam are satisfied the money is his. Is it your money? Is that this your money? Yes, yes. Why do you not know how much is in there? Er... If that was my money, I'd know how much is in there. You've got no idea how much money is in there, do you? At Air Astana's check-in, the battle of the bags is close to the final whistle. Er, this is gonna be the last one. This is the last one. OK. Having failed with an appeal to the vice president of Kazakhstan, the victorious ice hockey champions could have their celebrations cut short. I'll just come with you. Just follow me. Not very jolly hockey sticks. 72 kilos excess is gonna cost a whopping 348,989 Kazakhstani tenge. Or 720 quid sterling. Different country, different rules, you know? Different rules, yeah. Everyone's equal here, comrade. Once you're done, let Isabella know, so she can send all the bags, OK? We've just paid. We are free now. Probably, we are going to go duty-free. Looks like the victory parade is back on. But while the shots on goal are being swapped with shots in the bar... ..out on the airfield, waiting for Air Astana's plane to arrive, and ready to spring into action to get it back to Kazakhstan, is someone who needs to keep a clear head. The dispatcher, ex-pilot, Adriane. I love to do the job. I'm from Romania and I flew Puma. Puma is our military helicopters. For me, it's passion and when you're doing the job with passion, you cannot feel one day hard work. Adriane checks the stand for FOD, that's foreign object debris. So, no plastic, no everything. We have to be clear, because it's very dangerous for engines, when there are aircraft coming on stand. Heathrow's airfield is one of the busiest and most expensive parking spots in the world, so the pressure is now on Air Astana's KC-942 to get in, get ready and get out. Known in the biz as "the turnaround". I can check the lights, as it comes round the corner. Nick is a member of the underwing engineering team. His job is to make today's outgoing flight safe. Beacons are both working. Position lights on each wing. As soon as the beacon's off, everyone approaches. We're safe. Now we've only got one hour fifteen, so pushing now. Airlines only make money when they're in the air. Today's landing fees alone cost Air Astana around £10,000, so if the plane departs late, it'll end up in the airport sin bin. Hello. Hello there. Hello. How you. Good? It's a lovely looking aircraft, actually, 757. Adding to the pressure of the turnaround, today's flight is being spot checked by the manager of Air Astana's award-winning in-flight catering... ..Graham. All of the management team always come back with their comments, good or bad and we have to react accordingly, so everybody's checking all the time. Graham isn't Kazakh, but he does live in Kazakhstan, so he likes to take a selection of Britain's finest cuisine along with him. My survival kit. Yes, my Frosties, my breakfast cereal. And my Jordans Country Crisp. I can't get those in Kazakhstan, you see. To hit the deadline, there's three people at the gate... We need another five tonnes. ..ten people under the wing... Yeah, I need it on time, yeah? ..and eight inside. It's a veritable army. Well, at least a hockey team. PRODUCER: How long to turn it around? It's, like, one hour. One hour to do all preparations. To make this all clean and stuff, load the food to be kept on each flight, so... It's, like, crazy a bit. Nick is halfway through his checks and found a problem that could slow down the turnaround. When they're coming in from countries like Kazakhstan, you get a lot of this. It's grit and de-icing fluid. It's streaked across this area here, so this is a sensing device for the flight controls. It goes to a field computer, decides how much pressure the captain has to exert on the pedals by the control, so this area should be really clean. It's just awareness, I think, a lot of it. With 15 minutes until boarding... Hello. ..Graham has to carry out his inspection of the in-flight meals. He starts in first class. The crew have to check each and every item. These are the flasks that the soup has come in. Yes, the champagne glass. All right. Harissa chicken and stuffed peppadews. Looks delicious. Yes. Let's go down the back and check the economy. Are those the hot meals? There's one last check on an English classic being served up for the Kazakh passengers. The chicken tikka. Let's try it. May we start? You may start, yes. All right. I really like it. Yeah, it's good. The dance of the turnaround is almost complete. I have given them five minutes, after five minutes, all off. Yeah? I double-checked the crew bags and now they're gonna load the last 72 bags and we are ready for boarding. But as staff complete boarding, there appears to be a problem. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. This is the final call for passengers Borovikov Stanislav and Kolesnikov Vladislav. Please can you proceed to gate number 14, where your flight is now closing and you are delaying the service. Thank you. It turns out some of the ice hockey champs are doing another lap in the bar. I'm surprised that they are not here. If Air Astana don't get away on time, they'll have to pay a hefty fine. Oh, man. It's ten past. Ten past, yeah? You still have two minutes to close the door. Just before the klaxon goes, Arlan's ice hockey captain and teammate come gliding to the gate. Can I have your passport? Thank you. Have a pleasant flight. See you next time. See ya! Yes, please. Thank you. OK, ladies. Thank you for today. Good job. Good check-in. And good boarding. We did it on time again. Thank you. Air Astana departs Terminal Four on time. But over in Terminal Three, a passenger is being delayed by Border Force, because he is carrying 5,500 unexplained dollars. He's got some in his bag in the jean's pocket. Border Force Sam and Rani are quizzing him about his finances with the other help of another passenger who speaks English. He's got some money in the wallet... So, $1,500 has become $5,500? The passenger earns just £200 a week and they are concerned the money may be the proceeds of crime. I just don't understand how he can save £750 a month, when he is wearing nice new Timberlands. He's got a good bag, good clothes. He's taking 3,500 the last time he went out and he's also paying for his own ticket. I can't see how it's adds up. He's speaking to Intel about it. So, we will set the ball rolling. He's adamant it's his money. It might be. Anyway, just tell him that we are just doing some checks and if everything comes up OK, he can go with his money. But if we get anything, then we may seize the money. Do you want to tell him he can take a seat down there? The Border Force officers now have to run backgrounds checks in order to establish if the passenger is on record for any criminal activity. So, has this guy got bags? Cos I'm gonna get a delay otherwise. The flight goes in five minutes. This one should be OK to go. James? We've got five minutes. We can either give you the details now or we can email them to you. It's legal for anyone to take up to £10,000 out of the country without declaring it, but if Border Force suspect the money is earned illegally, they can seize anything over a grand. So, we're running out of time now... so if we are going to processes this, we need to work now. Right, OK. Let me have a word with James and get back to you. I need to know, otherwise I've got to get his bags off. Yeah, we're waiting for the decision. I need to be told, otherwise I'm gonna have a delay on my flight. As soon as we know. We go in five minutes. We told than that. With the clock ticking, this passenger's fate is hanging in the balance. Yeah, I need to know who he is. MAN CRIES OK, OK, calm down. Calm down. Calm down. Calm down. It's OK, it's fine. At the 11th hour, information comes through that the passenger has no criminal record. Now all they have to decide is whether the money will be used unlawfully. If we take his money off him, that might land him fairly badly in it. That's his wife. Yeah. My personal view is that I don't think a referral is the right thing to do here. And from his face you can see he's really scared. Yeah. OK. Hold on. No. He's going. OK, change... Go, go, go, go, go, go. With the law allowing you to carry up to ten grand abroad and no hard evidence to show any criminal activity... Make sure your money... Just follow me. ..the passenger is allowed to keep his money. We're here to help. I know a lot of people say we just take people's stuff with... We're just annoying. There is that aspect of things. When it comes to someone like him, it didn't seem like the right thing to do. Have you had too much dinner, mate? He's absolutely going ballistic on it. Let's get ready for the tiki-tiki! Whose is this bag? Yours? Let's see. Subtitles by TVT 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 