The Atom Ant Show: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Atom Ant Show 
 s1e1 - Up and Atom - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Atom Ant Show (1965–1968): Season 1, Episode 1 - Up and Atom - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [theme music] (male narrator)Up and at 'em, it's Atom Ant. His strength, his might his speed, his fight. He's Atom Ant, that tiny antand his atomic power has what it takesthat always makes the vilest villain cower. He's rough, he's tough. And bad guys yell enough when he is up and at 'em. Atom Ant. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [instrumental music] [instrumental music] (male narrator)Built on a rockin the middle of the ocean is the maximum security prisonknown as Rebel's Island. From here no onehas ever escaped. And this is cell block 13 where the famous underworldleader, Big Fats Dynamo has just been brought in. Hey, Big Fats, now why it is that you gave yourself up? So that you can be the first con to break out of Rebel's Island. Youse guys heard right. Gee, Big Fats, can we go with you? Sure, be my guest. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 creak - Thanks, Big Fats. - Youse is a gentleman. [alarm blaring] There they are, they're crashing through the gate on a laundry truck. I used the laundry truck so as we could make a clean getaway. Ha ha ha. I hate to do this to Big Fats, but he leaves me no choice. Send for Atom Ant! (male narrator)And so the call goes out. The signal reachesthe secret headquarters of that mighty might,that superhuman, Atom Ant. Here deep in his undergroundlaboratory we find our heroic defender of justicebusy at work. [chuckling] Boy, I love to keep busy reading comic books. Oh-oh, I'm picking up a distress signal on my ant antenna. (Warden) 'Rebel's Island calling Atom Ant.' 'Big Fats Dynamo, world's most wanted criminal' 'just broke out, need your help, the warden.' Keep your head on, warden. Atom Ant is up and at 'em. swoosh There they are, Melvin. We got 'em, we got 'em. Relax, youse guys, I'll take care of them guys. Alright, Big Fats, give me back our laundry truck. You mean, you want me to come clean. Ha ha ha. crash No one can stop Big Fats except.. Who else, but me. It's Atom Ant. You guys take a coffee break, I'll handle this. Tell the warden I said,aloha. Ha ha ha. thud Hey, who tripped me? Not me, Fats. I wouldn't do a thing like that. Me neither, you must have tripped over that itty-bitty ant. Correct. You were tripped up by me, Atom Ant. Ha ha ha! That's a hot one. An itty-bitty ant tripping Big Fats Dynamo. I'm gonna squish him with my thumb, I am. Hey, what's going on? Do you surrender, Mr. Dynamo? Surrender, are you kiddin'? thump thump thump Gosh, Big Fats got his lumps from an itty-bitty ant. I can't believe it. I don't believe it. No itty-bitty ant can treat Big Fats Dynamo 'like that and get away with it.' I'll haul off and squish him good with this hammer. Hold still, Atom Ant. This is the moment of truth. I got him. I got him. Boy, I mashed him to a mish. I'm afraid I'm going to have to hammer a little sense into his hard head. I did it with my own little atom smasher. Ha ha ha. What the.. [grunting] Well, Mr. Fats. I hope I hammered the message home. What are you gonna do now, Big Fats? That ant boxed me. So I'm gonna get a can of anti-ant repellent. And spray that bug right out of this world. Gee, I don't know. I think Atom Ant has put Big Fats fat into the fire. So long, wise guy. You are about to get asphyxiated. In goes the good air.. ...out goes the bad. [coughing] Ha ha ha. This ten ton steam roller's gonna flatten that insect. Looks like I'm gonna have to start playing rough with Big Fats. whirr whirr whirr boom Now, cut that out, I demand. Give me back my wheel. Very well, if you insist. Every time I open my big mouth I put my foot in it. Are you guys gonna just stand there and watch a guy get swished? No, Big Fats. We're gonna close our eyes. (Big Fats) 'Yeow!' I'm sick and tired of being a nice guy. From now on, I'm going to get nasty. What do you say, Fats? Maybe we ought to give ourselves up, huh? I ought to wash your mouth out with soap for saying such a nasty thing. This world ain't big enough for me and that Atom Ant. I'm gonna challenge him to a showdown. Okay, Mr. Dynamo. I accept your challenge. Show me down. I'm giving you two minutes to get out of town. Pardon me for being nosy. Hold it, Atom Ant. That's stretching things a little too far. slap How'd you like a rap on the schnozzle, like this. Well, that about wraps up the case of Big Fats. Gosh, Fats, you look kind of funny. Are you alright? Of course, I'm al...right. That does it. We give up, Mr. Atom Ant. You're just too much. (male #1) 'Take us back to prison' 'where it's safe.' My pleasure, gentlemen. Thanks to you, Atom Ant Big Fats will never be a prison dropout again. What do you mean? (warden) Anytime he gets unruly we put an ant in his cell. There isn't an ant in the place that can't whip Big Fats now. Look for yourself. Help! Get him outta here! Help! Help! Come on down and fight, Fatso. You ain't so tough. Go pick on somebody your own size. Aah! I get the picture, warden. You might say it took an ant to make Big Fats say uncle. Hee hee hee. Well, goodbye, warden. So long, Atom Ant. U-u-up and at 'em! thud I sure wish he'd use the door like everybody else. Just an average day in the life of up and at 'em Atom Ant! [instrumental music] (male narrator)Up and at 'em, it's Atom Ant. His strength, his might his speed, his fight. He's Atom Ant, that tiny antand his atomic power has what it takesthat always makes the vilest villain cower. He's rough, he's tough. And bad guys yell enough. When he is up an at 'em Atom Ant. [instrumental music] thud clink clank boom kaboom OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 