The Atom Ant Show: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Atom Ant Show 
 s1e9 - Mistaken Identity - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Atom Ant Show (1965–1968): Season 1, Episode 9 - Mistaken Identity - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male narrator)Up and at 'em, it's Atom Ant. His strength, his might. His speed, his fight. He's Atom Ant, that tiny ant and his atomic power has what it takesand always makes the vilest villain cower. He's rough, he's tough and bad guys yell "Enough!" when he is upand at 'em, Atom Ant. [instrumental music] 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 thud thunk thunk thunk boom OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn (man on radio) 'Attention, calling car 98.' 'Come in, car 98.' This is car 98. What's up, chief? Looks like there's a burglary in progress at the City Bank, better check it out. Well, that's just around the corner. Yeah, then the crooks must still be there. Step on it. Huh, nobody here but a lazy mutt. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Never mind him. Look, all the doors have been ripped off. Boy, oh, boy, oh, boy. What a mess. That crook is still inside. 'We'll catch him red-handed when he comes out.' 'Oh, so it's you, Atom Ant.' 'Caught you with the goods.' Well, so you did, sergeant. And what are you gonna do about it? Hand me that money, Atom Ant. [chuckles] You must be kidding, sergeant. swoosh Just turn it over. Sure I will. thud Atom Ant at your service. [laughing] 'Come on, Slapsie, let's go.' Right, boss. [giggling] swish And I thought Atom Ant was a good guy. [instrumental music] Hey, boss, I like working with a smart genius. [laughs] Yeah, and there's nothin' better than working with a long-haired dog with a skinny body. Well, why didn't you arrest Atom Ant? He escaped, lieutenant. I don't want excuses, I want action. Yes, chief. And fast! Now, boss. (Phony Atom) 'The famous star diamond.' 'What a beauty!' swoosh [alarm wailing] Great work, boss! [siren wailing] (Phoney Atom) 'It's the cops. Down, boy, down.' [snoring] Looks like another Atom Ant job. He stole the star diamond. Oh, the chief's gonna be very, very, very soar. You're tellin' me, at first the bank now the diamond. And I can't figure out 'how we gets away so fast.' [laughs] (Phoney Atom) 'Quiet.' (officer #1) 'That mutt looks familiar.' (officer #2) 'Never mind him, we better stake out' 'Atom Ant's place and nab him.' [laughs] Okay, Slapsie, let's go. Right, boss! swoosh Dah, you mean the hide out, boss? (Phoney Atom) 'Yeah, I mean the hide out.' 'Alright, let's unload the loot.' 'The cops will never suspect us.' [laughs] Good night's work, eh, Slapsie? (Slapsie) 'Right, boss.' I sure fooled the cops with this Atom Ant disguise. (Slapsie) 'Yeah, boss, they'll never find out' 'it was you, Ferocious Flea.' And me, Slapsie Mugsy. Are you ever cle-ver! [laughing] But I told you, sergeant. I've been at my place all the time. Oh, yeah, well, tell it to the chief. You're making a big mistake. That's what they all say. Get in there. thud Gosh, I better find a way to prove my innocence. I've got it, I will break out and find the real crook. swoosh creak creak pop Well, what do you know Atom Ant has escaped. Slapsie, with Atom Ant out of jail this is the time to pull that big job I got planned. 'And the cops will blame him for it again.' Yeah, that Atom Ant you're too smart for him. Wait here, while I put on my Atom Ant disguise. swoosh If I may be so bold just to ask, Ferocious where is the caper you got planned? (Phoney Atom) 'Quiet, Slapsie, I'll give you' 'the lowdown when we get there.' (Slapsie) 'Sure, boss.' A-ha! Ferocious Flea and Slapsie Mugsy. I shall follow and see what's going on. (Flea) There it is, Fort Blotz. Boy, that is a big one. But it's locked, boss. How're you going to get in? - I've made a key. - Heh heh. You're clever, boss. You wait here, I'll go get the gold bricks. (Slapsie) 'Right, boss.' [laughs] Here, catch. Got you, boss. Don't go away, there's lots more. A-ha! So that's their perfect scheme. I think I've got enough evidence. [laughs] Another load, Slapsie. - Catch! - Got ya. Atom Ant, up and at 'em! Land sakes. It's the real Atom Ant, boss. (Flea) Come on, let's scram. (Atom Ant) Oh, no, you don't, Ferocious Flea! Give yourself up, I know you're in there. You're rigged up, boss. Hey, sarge, there's that mutt again. Yeah, and Atom Ant's with him. Step on it. [laughs] You'll never catch me. I warn you now, Ferocious Flea. Atom Ant, take that. Aha, so you wanna play roughly, do ya? swoosh [laughs] You missed me. It's no use, Ferocious, I'm faster than you. Look, there are two Atom Ants. Wrong, officer, Ferocious Flea disguised himself to look like me. And this is his henchman. Slapsie Mugsy. He's got the loot. Alright, you, hand it over! These looks like the gold bricks from Fort Blotz. My apologies, Atom Ant for putting you in jail. And thanks for catching the real crooks. That's okay, sarge. You can always count on Atom Ant. Up and at 'em! [instrumental music] (male narrator)Up and at 'em, it's Atom Ant. His strength, his might. His speed, his fight. He's Atom Ant, that tiny ant. And his atomic power has what it takesand always makes the vilest villain cower. He's rough, he's tough and bad guys yell, "Enough!" when he is upand at 'em, Atom Ant. [instrumental music] thud thunk thunk thunk boom 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 