The Atom Ant Show: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Atom Ant Show 
 s1e11 - Dragon Master - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Atom Ant Show (1965–1968): Season 1, Episode 11 - Dragon Master - full transcript 
 In his latest plan to conquer the world, Professor Von Gimmick terrorizes Big City with his monster, "The Big Gimmick". After using a battery of weapons against Atom Ant, the professor's ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male narrator)Up and at 'em, it's Atom Ant. His strength, his might,his speed, his fight. He's Atom Ant, that tiny ant. And his atomic powerhas what it takes and always makesthe vilest villain cower. He's rough, he's toughand bad guys yell enough when he is up and at 'em,Atom Ant. clang swoosh clang clang clang boom 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 [instrumental music] (male #1) 'I've done it. At last, it's finished.' It's perfected, Glog. See my time machine. Will it replace clocks, Dr. Strangebug sir? Nothing like that. When I turn it on, anyone who stands on that black plate is sent to another time in past history. (Glog) 'Who's gonna go, oh, mad scientist sir?' The arch enemy who's spoiled all of me mad scientific-type schemes. - You mean-- - 'Yes, Atom Ant.' I am going to get rid of him forever. But, Dr. Strangebug sir, Atom Ant won't just hop in here. He will when I'd write him. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Dear Atom Ant, I have been a naughty mad scientist. "And I am sorry. I wanna turn over a new leaf." Uh, "Yours truly, Dr. Strangebug. Former mad scientist." Aha! Well, I shall have to welcome him into the good guy club. It worked, Glog. Here comes Atom Ant now. I'll put a lump of sugar on the black plate. Why a lump of sugar, mad scientist doctor? (Dr. Strangebug) 'Because no ant, not even Atom Ant' can resist a lump of sugar. I'm the baddest, maddest scientist in the world. Being a mad doctor is fun. 'Come on, Glog, let's go hide.' (Atom Ant) Anybody home? He'll find the sugar in a minute. Shh. The good doctor must be around here someplace. Say, that was mighty thoughtful. Leaving a cube of sugar out for me. We ants have a liking for picnic food and sugar. [chuckles] Mm-hmm, very good. Ah, there you are, doctor. And there you go, Atom Ant. rizz [laughs] rizz He's gone, he's gone! No more Atom Ant! Where did he go, mad scientist doctor sir? 'He went back into the past, 1400 years ago.' Hey, what happened? Where am I? A-ha, I get it. That Dr. Strangebug has projected me back in time to the days of King Arthur and his knights. He sure tricked me this time. Now what to do? Ah, a knight. I shall ride to the castle with him. I know Dr. Strangebug won't return me to the 20th century so I'll just do my noble best in these knighthood days. Brave and fearless knights of the old Round Table we're having trouble. On this day, every year the fire-breathing dragon raids our town burns buildings and devours townsfolk. 'Well, he he he, a thing like this' 'causes a certain amount of talk.' 'So I've told a group of citizens' 'that you, my brave knights of the old Round Table' would this year intercept, fight and slay the dragon. Right, brave knights? [knights clamoring] Come back, brave knights. Fellows, let's talk it over! Tsk, tsk, not one of them would volunteer. (Atom Ant) 'I shall volunteer to fight the dragon, Your Majesty.' What? W-who speaketh? I did. Atom Ant! - An ant? - In Your Majesty's service. And now, sire, I leave to meet the dragon. Up and at 'em, Atom Ant! rumble The dragon! [all clamoring] swoosh Okay, buster, hold it right there. 'Dragons are not allowed in this town' so if you know what's good for you you will turn around and get lost. swoosh Okay, he wants to play rough, eh? Two can play that game. We start with the basic toehold. roar He got a lot of strength in his toe. growl Some dragons just don't learn. swoosh Okay, dragon, you keep on asking for it. Sorry, fella, I hate to do this to a dragon but he's got to find out who's master around here. thud (male #2) 'Five points for the king!' What goes oneth here? It's amazing. Now sit up. Hold it. Hold it. That's a good dragoney. Now play dead. thud 'Now, here's a hard one.' Get ready? Okay. 'Go fetch this tree.' I say he is fetching the tree. (Atom Ant) 'Very good. Relax. Game's over, dragoney.' Huzzah, hip hip. I'm knighting Atom Ant this very day. With the flat of this royal sword, I, uh.. - Atom Ant, are you kneeling? - Yes, Your Majesty. Good, good. I dub thee a knight of the Round Table. 'Sir Atom Ant.' Eh, lucky, I had my helmet on. [chuckles] (crowd) 'Hip hip hurray!' 'Hip hip hurray! Hip hip hurray!' It's not bad being a knight in days of old. Hmm, just think, this machine made Atom Ant disappear. I wonder what this knob does. rumble Hey, what's going on in here? I think I brought back Atom Ant and a friend. Okay, draggy baby, sic 'em good! roar (Glog) 'Help, mad doctor sir.' (Dr. Strangebug) 'What's that? Yikes!' [screams] 'Out of my way, Glog.' I shall call off the chase after a few more miles. 'That ought to teach those two a lesson.' [Dr. Strangebug screams] Get him off! (both) Help! Help! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn (male narrator)Up and at 'em, it's Atom Ant! His strength, his might,his speed, his fight. He's Atom Ant, that tiny ant. And his atomic powerhas what it takes and always makesthe vilest villain cower. He's rough, he's toughand bad guys yell enough. When he is up and at 'em,Atom Ant, swoosh clang clang boom 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 