The Atom Ant Show: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Atom Ant Show 
 s1e2 - Crankenshaft's Monster - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Atom Ant Show (1965–1968): Season 1, Episode 2 - Crankenshaft's Monster - full transcript 
 Dr. Crankenshaft M.D.(Mad Doctor) has created a monster to help him conquer the world.Everything goes his way until they rob a bank and Atom Ant is alerted. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male narrator)Up and at 'em, it's Atom Ant. He's strength, he's might,he's speed, he's fight. He's Atom Ant, that tiny ant and his atomic powerhas what it takes and always makesthe vilest villain cower. He's rough, he's tough and bad guys yell enough when he is up and at 'em,Atom Ant. [music continues] thud bang bang 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 kaboom [instrumental music] (male narrator)On a barren hilltop,far from town way outof the high-rent district we find the laboratoryof one way-out scientist Dr. Crankenshaft, MD. Uh, oh, uh, Dr. Crankenshaft. - Yes? -What does the MD stand for? Mad doctor. What else? [chuckles] Now, if you'll excuse me I have something cookin'. Oh, certainly, doctor. Ah, preparin' a dish from a favoriteold family recipe? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You might say that. [chuckles] Let's see now. Where was I? Oh, yes! Fold in one old inner tube, vintage 1920 and a pair of used combat boots and a half dozen hand grenades und a pinch of salt. -A pinch of salt? - Don't ask me. - The recipe calls for it. -Oh, of course. 'And now stir.' 'Hah! I believe I've done it.' Yes, I have done it! I believe you have, doctor,but what have you done? splat I have created a glob a monster I can call my very own. [slurping] Um, yeah, yeah. A monster?But isn't he kind of small? 'Mm, what did you expect?' 'Compacts are the rage, you know?' Compact cars, compact purses, even compact compacts. - Why not a compact monster? -Why not? Hah, and not only compact, but indestructible too. [laughs] Oh, my, didn't that hurt? [slurping] Nah. And now, my little glob, we must be on our way. We have a big job ahead of us. Job, doctor? What are you going to do? What any mad doctor with a monster would do. Conquer the world! Conquer the world?With that little guy? Oh, yes, I forgot to mention. My glob is a gobbling glob. 'He gobbles anything inside' 'and with every bite' 'he will grow into a bigger glob.' [laughs] And only after the world has surrendered to me will I order him to stop gobbling. Why, he is growing.Doctor, you're absolutely mad. What else is new? [laughs] Ah, but it's nice to get out of that stuffy patrol car and rest in the shade of this tree. chomp chomp Say, what's that strange sound? Hey, the shade's gone. No wonder, the tree's gone! That's right, chief, I was standing in the shade of this tree when I heard a strange sound and then the tree disappeared. chomp chomp Wait! There it is again! And now my car's gone. This must be my day for losing things. chomp chomp Wow, it's a monster 'eating up everything in its path!' [slurping] That's right, chief. It's about 7 foot 8. No, 8 foot 7. Better make that 9 foot 10. Uh, no, 10 foot 9. (man on radio) 'Calling all cops, calling all cops' 'be on the lookout for Dr. Crankenshaft.' 'Height, 4 foot 3. Age, around medieval.' 'Be careful, he's a mad, mad, mad doctor.' There's the doctor, sergeant. 'When last seen, he was following a glob' 'height, 20 foot 2, devouring everything in sight.' Eek! And there is the glob. (male #1) 'Well, let's not just sit here. Let's do something.' Yeah, let's get out of here. Ah, good idea, glob. chomp Let's pay the bank a little visit. [slurps] Yeah, yeah. A change will do me good. Ha ha ha! How do you do, sir? Do you wish to make a deposit? No, my glob wishes to make a withdrawal. [slurps] Um, yeah, yeah. Eek! We're being robbed by a glob! Eat the door off the vault, glob. Good boy. Now help yourself to some greens. Cabbage,mazula. [laughs] - Money! - 'Yeah, yeah.' [glob slurps] [Crankenshaft laughing] [bell ringing] Go ahead and laugh, doctor but it looks like your gameof follow-the-glob is up for at this very moment the soundof the bank burglar alarm has reachednone other than Atom Ant! What's this? I'm receiving the sound of the burglar alarm through my ant antennas. Someone is robbing the bank, and that's against the law. Up and at 'em, Atom Ant! whoosh I'm rich. [laughs] Today the bank, tomorrow the world! Eh, my pet? Uh, uff, glob? Oh, my God, it's eaten its way out the back of the bank and I told it to stay with me. whoosh So, Dr. Crankenshaft, it's you. Atom Ant! Now, listen, Atom. I'm harmless. 'It's my glob that you want.' Your glob? Which way did it go? - That way. - 'What, a glob did that?' It won't obey me anymore. It's acting on its own now. Oh, yeah? Well, we'll see about that. Up and at 'em, Atom Ant! Retreat, men. That glob is indestructible. [glob mumbling] You can say that again. Let the Air Corp have one. [droning] [glob mumbling] Help! Let me out of here! That thing isn't human! So you're the glob, eh? [slurps] Yeah, yeah. Well, what are you waiting for? 'Why don't you try gobbling me up?' [slurps] Yuck! Just as I thought. It doesn't like ants. Not enough protein, you know? Oops! thud So that's it. Trying to squish me, will you? [slurping] Yeah, yeah. Now I'll show you how I handle monsters. I give 'em the ol' slim spin and trim 'em down to size. Up you go! splat Now we settle this eye to eye. bang splat Oh, well, back to the drawing board. [slurping] Yeah, yeah. Well, that about wraps up case number 6-0-7-4-3 for Atom Ant. Atom Ant, up and at 'em! whoosh [instrumental music] [theme music] (male narrator) Up and at 'em, it's Atom Ant. He's strength, he's might,he's speed, he's fight. He's Atom Ant, that tiny ant and his atomic powerhas what it takes and always makesthe vilest villain cower. He's rough, he's tough,and bad guys yell enough when he is up and at 'em,Atom Ant! thud bang bang kaboom  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 