The Atom Ant Show: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Atom Ant Show 
 s1e4 - Ferocious Flea - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Atom Ant Show (1965–1968): Season 1, Episode 4 - Ferocious Flea - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (male narrator)Up and at 'em, it's Atom Ant. His strength, his might his speed, his fight. He's Atom Ant,that tiny ant and his atomic powerhas what it takes and always makes the vilestvillain cower. He's rough, he's tough,and bad guys yell enough when he is up and at 'em,Atom Ant! thud clink clink boom 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 kaboom [instrumental music] Hey, look at that! A flea circus. Wow! "Ferocious Flea." "World's strongest insect." "He lifts automobiles." How about that? Let's go see this show. Beat it, kids, no show today. He he he. Alright, you fleas, you can take the day off. [fleas cheering] Maybe, you'd all like to go to the dog show. He he he. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Hey, Ferocious Flea! 'Quit fooling with my desk and come over here.' Okay, boss. I'll put it right down. crash zoom Okay, Ferocious, I wanna go over our plan. It's all set, boss. Here's the caper. You drive downtownwith your dog, to the bank. screech Of course, I am on the dogwhere no one will see me. When the coast is clear,I hop off the dog and carry the suitcaseinto the vault where I fill the suitcasewith nice, new money. Then, watching for my chance,I return the suitcase to you jump back on the dog,and away we go. Read all about it! Big bank robbery! Robbers leave no clues! More banks robbed. Police searched for invisible robber. - Any luck, sergeant? - Not a thing. An invisible robber is hard to find. (male #1) 'Mr. Mayor, this invisible bank robber has us baffled.' - What can we do? - There's only one thing to do. Call in Atom Ant. Atom Ant! Great, but how do you contact him? Every panic button in the country is connected to Atom Ant's headquarters. I don't know how he does it but every call gets his personal attention. [beeping] Uh-oh, someone's pushed their panic button. [beeping] 'Aha! Code 6' 'Sequence, XPLM.' tring Just as I thought. A call from the city that's having that epidemic of bank robberies. They're in a hurry, so I'll get in my atom smasher and atomize myself. To the mayor's office! zoom bang Good to see you, Atom Ant. Likewise, mayor. Now, what is your problem? Sorry, Atom Ant, there were no clues. Nonsense, officer. Every robber leaves clues. Aha! Footprints.. From the spacing, I'd say they were made by a hopping insect. Mmm-mm. They're too small to be grasshopper prints. Aha! More of like.. Oops! What's that dog hair doing there? Dog hair! That's it! They're flea prints. 'Thank you, officer.' 'I should have some news for you shortly.' Good luck, Atom Ant. Any flea strong enough to rob a bank probably works in a flea circus. swoosh 'I'll check the phonebook.' Aha, not many listings under flea circus. Whoa! Here's one. "Ferocious Flea." "He lifts automobiles." Aha! I have a hunch that's not all he's lifting. I better check on him. swoosh Ferocious Flea? No, he isn't around today. He went downtown with the boss. Ferocious Flea has hit it real big lately but I don't know where he gets the money. You're pretty good for an ant. - Want a job? - I might. A little make-up, snip your antenna off and you could pass for a flea. I would want the strongman spot in the show. A strongman spot? Why, that's Ferocious Flea's spot! - And if he ever heard you-- - 'I heard.' So, that's who's gonna take my job? Put it there, chum. Ha ha ha. No hard feelings, chum. Huh! thud thud thud Boy, that will make Ferocious ferocious. I pity that poor ant. Wanna play rough, eh? Outside with ya. zoom thud thud Now, I'll finish you off with this bottle. crash thud Okay, Ferocious if that's the way you wanna play. screech Uh-oh! No fair, no fair. bam Oh, boy. Is that ant asking for it? I hadn't intended to fight dirty but you leave me no choice. bam bam bam bam I'll put a stop to this. Help! bam thud clank Oh, boy, that could give a guy a throbbing headache. Now, I'll fix that ant. He he he. A few more bank jobs and I'll be able to retire. (Ferocious) Take that. - Huh? - And that. And that. (Atom Ant) 'And you take this.' [screeching] And this! bang No, no, no. Not my safe! Oh, no, no, all my clean stolen money gettin' dirty! That's a confession, you're under arrest. Wait, officer, let me explain. I had a good reason for doing this. What reason? I love money. [laughs] Here's his accomplice, officer. Atom Ant! I heard you were on this case. Atom Ant? Now they tell me. No wonder I couldn't win. Uh-oh, someone else has pushed their panic button. When they call this a push button age they're not kidding. Up and at 'em, Atom Ant! zoom [instrumental music] [theme music] (male narrator)Up and at 'em, it's Atom Ant. His strength, his might his speed, his fight! He's Atom Ant, that tiny ant. And his atomic powerhas what it takes and always makesthe vilest villain cower. He's rough, he's tough,and bad guys yell enough when he is up and at 'em,Atom Ant! thud clank clank bam kaboom  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 