The Pioneer Woman: Season 2, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Pioneer Woman 
 s2e10 - Triple Act - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Pioneer Woman (2011–…): Season 2, Episode 10 - Triple Act - full transcript 
 Ree's mom and sister are staying on the ranch for the weekend. They all prepare family recipes, including seafood pasta. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm Ree Drummond, and all my recipes  have to be approved by cowboys, hungry kids, and me. Here's what's happening  on the ranch. I'm making a scrumptious lineup  of low-carb party bites. There are irresistible  sausage-stuffed mushrooms and marvelous make-ahead  zucchini roll ups. There's a totally  knock-your-socks-off low-carb cheese duo, bakes Brie á la Ree,  and jalapeño cheese crisps, then stunning salmon  and cucumber bites, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and the simplest  Spanish marinated olives you've ever seen. It's cocktail hour, and there's  barely a carb in sight. Welcome to my frontier. Low-carb recipes are  all the rage right now, so I thought it'd be fun  to whip up some low-carb party appetizers  that you're going to love whether you eat low-carb or not. I've got cheesy ones, meaty ones, hot ones, cold ones. I promise you they are  all delicious, so let's turn back the clock to when this  cooking marathon began with sausage-stuffed  mushrooms. I've eaten stuffed mushrooms  basically my whole life. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 They've always been  my favorite appetizer. These particular stuffed  mushrooms are very low carb, th're not lackingbeen  min indulgence at all. They are so tasty. It's nice to have  a treat like this that's been a lifelong favorite  that you still can eat without feeling too guilty. I just browned some pork sausage  in an iron skillet, and I'm going to add  some finely diced onion. You want to  really finely dice it because you only have  a little bit of space inside the mushroom caps, and you want everything  to be able to fit. I'm also going to add a bunch  of minced garlic. Now I pulled the stems out  of the mushroom caps -- Those are what I'm going  to stuff -- and I chopped up  the stems really fine, and I'll sprinkle  those in too. This is going to serve  as part of the filling for the stuffed mushrooms. Now, I've got some  fresh rosemary and fresh sage, two flavors I really think  go well with sausage, and I'll chop it up  real fine. Okay, that's finely minced. So I'll put the herbs  into the mixture. It already smells so good  in this kitchen. One of my favorite  categories of recipes is appetizers  and party bites, so I'm so excited  to put together this menu of low-carb treats. I'm just going to cook  this mixture for 3 minutes, and then I'll do a couple  more things to the filling. So when the garlic and herbs  have softened, I'll add 1/3 cup  of dry white wine to glaze the pan  and let the liquid evaporate. Then season the stems  with salt and pepper. Give everything a good stir, and tip the mixture  onto a plate to cool. The sausage and mushroom  mixture is cooling, so I'm going to whip up  the rest of the filling for the stuffed mushrooms. I've got a block of  very soft cream cheese, and I'll add an egg yolk that  just helps bring it together. I'm also going to sprinkle  in some sharp cheddar. Of course, anything goes  when it comes to the cheese that you use  for stuffed mushrooms. Monterey jack is delicious. Mozzarella  is really tasty. A little bit of salt and pepper. I'm going to stick to  the current plan and stir this whole thing together. Okay, now I'm going to grab  this plate of deliciousness. It should be totally cooled. A lot of stuffed-mushroom  recipes actually use breadcrumbs  in the filling, but you won't even  miss those in this. It is so rich  and delicious. Okay.  That is all combined. What a yummy-looking mixture. All right.  Now it's time to stuff them. I'm going to put the mushrooms  into a 350-degree oven for 20 minutes, and then  I'll put them on a platter. How tasty do these look? My goodness. Everything that's wonderful  about life right there. They just need  one final finish -- some chopped chives over  the mushrooms on the platter. It just makes it look  a little more festive. Well, I definitely did not  save the best for last. There is nothing about these  I don't absolutely love. Now, I've got another low-carb  party bite to share with you -- zucchini roll ups. They're pretty darn good, too. I'm grilling strips of zucchini,  and I'm going to roll them up to make the most  delightful canapés, and I really like these because  you can make them several hours before your party, and they're still  every bit as delicious when the guests show up. The zucchini is sliced  very, very thin, and that's probably  the trickiest part of this appetizer. The rest is a total cinch. I just grabbed one  of the cooler slices, and I have a container  of herbed cream cheese, just store bought already  with the herbs in it, or you can mix up your own, and I'm just putting  a couple of little drops on either end  of the strip of zucchini. You want to make sure  the softened cream cheese is super, super soft. Softer than soft. These zucchini strips  will tear really easily if it's too chilled. Okay, once you get  the cream cheese on, just grab a pretty,  little basil leaf and lay it on the cream cheese  anywhere you want because it's all going to wind  up in the same roll up, and then tightly roll it. You cannot believe how much  flavor is packed into this little treat. Now I'm just going to build  the rest. They look fantastic. I just want to decorated them with a little bit  of a basil garnish. I'm just giving it a rough chop. What a combination! I want to get some of the basil  on the zucchini roll ups and some of it  on the plate. It just makes it look pretty. How delicious do these look? Never mind. That was a rhetorical question. Up next, a cheese double  with baked Brie á la Ree and jalapeño cheese crisps, then the simplest smoked salmon  and cucumber bites, and over-the-top  Spanish marinated olives. Low-carb is the way to go. Very cheesy delights  are next in my lineup of low-carb party food. I'm making baked Brie á la Ree. Talk about cheesy. I love baked Brie,  and this is a really simple but very delicious version. The first thing I'm going to do  is cut the rind off the top of a wheel of Brie. Now whether or not the rind  comes off is sort of controversial  in some circles. I actually like  the rind of Brie, and if it's just for me,  I usually leave it on, but if I'm making it for guests,  I'll take off the top layer just in case anybody  has an objection to it. So I'm going to put this  in a tiny, tiny skillet. I mean, it doesn't get any cuter  than that. You can make the same recipe  with a big wheel of Brie just depending on how many  guests you're going to have. I'm going to cover this  with foil... ...and I'm going to pop it  into a 325-degree oven for 25 minutes. While the Brie is baking, I am going to make  a delicious topping, and it has all the things  I love. A couple of tablespoons  of butter -- make that 3 tablespoons. As I said, I'm taking  the low-carb approach, not the low-fat approach. I'll swirl it around the pan, and then I have a bunch  of sliced onions. This is a caramelized  onion topping. The combo of Brie  and caramelized onions is the stuff of dreams,  I have to say. I'm going to turn the heat up  high just to get this going. I'll sprinkle in  some salt and pepper. Give them one more stir. And while they start to cook, I'm going to get  some herbs ready. I have some fresh thyme. Whenever I think of parties  with appetizers, thyme is one of those herbs  that's always around. I use thyme a lot  around the holidays, and that's probably why. So the thyme goes in. Ooh, that smells so good. And then the second herb,  rosemary. When everything else  has shriveled up around September and October,  the rosemary is going strong. It lasts tough  the Oklahoma winter, which is really  saying something. And besides,  it's so darn delicious. So, the rosemary goes in. And then I'll give this a stir. Now I'll turn the heat down  just a little bit, and I'll cook these until their totally caramelized. Would you take a look  at these onions? Look at how dark  and delicious they are. Ooh! Now I'm going to get the Brie  out of the oven. I hope I don't have any trouble lifting this  enormous iron skillet. It's so little and cute. I'm going to take a look.  Peel back the foil. Ohh. Oh, gosh. It's just perfectly  soft -- just what I wanted. Now, you guessed it -- This beautiful caramelized onion  goes right on top of the Brie. I mean, you cannot believe  the flavor when you dip into this  really soft Brie and these gorgeous onions. Okay, I want to get as much of the onions in there as possible. It's getting a little full...  in a good way. Now I'm actually going to put  the skillet back into the oven  for 10 minutes. 10 minutes is up. I have high hopes for this Brie. Oh.  Oh, oh, oh. Look at that. Now it's just about ready. I just have a few more things  to add. The baked Brie is actually  perfect as it is. I'm about to make it  even more perfect with some toasted pine nuts. Ohh! The little crunch and nutty  flavor that they'll add. I just put pine nuts  in a dry skillet and toasted it for about  5 minutes on medium heat. I think that's a good amount. I've got some fresh herbs,  some parsley just to green things up,  and some oregano. Now, in a normal world,  I would totally serve this with crostini  or slices of French bread, but that would not be  low carb, so I'm serving it  with carrot sticks, which is absolutely  scrumptious. Okay, now on  to the next appetizer, and it's still low carb  and very, very cheesy. All is right with the world. Jalapeño cheese crisps are  one of those situations where less is  definitely more. These are a super simple  appetizer, really delicious,  and very crisp, hence the name. I just pulled some jalapeño slices out of the oven. I sliced three jalapeños  super thin, and I put it into a 400-degree  oven for 5 minutes. The purpose of that  is to get out as much moisture as possible. Now for the cheese part, I have a mixture  of Parmesan cheese, manchego cheese,  and Pecorino Romano. Similar cheeses,  different flavors, and the mix of them  is absolutely amazing. So, now I'm going to go in  with my tablespoon. Now just wait and see how  these piles are transformed after a little time  in the oven. They'll bake at 400 degrees  for 12 minutes. Then when they're golden  and crisp, they're done. I'll cool them slightly then  put them on a cake stand. There you go -- delightful little jalapeño cheese crisps -- Absolutely impossible to resist. Look, I'll show you. Up next, scrumptious smoked  salmon and cucumber bites and Spanish marinated olives, hitting a high  with low-carb party food. I always like having  a low-carb option whenever I make party food, and salmon cucumber bites  is just the thing. It's really delicious, super easy to make,  and gorgeous at that. I just sliced up a cucumber,  and I made it kind of fancy by peeling strips  before I sliced it, so you get that  pretty little striped effect. Now stick with me while I get  all of these on the cake stand. Part of these salmon cucumber  bites is dill sour cream. It's really easy to make. 1/2 cup of sour cream... and a little bit of salt... and the zest of a lemon. It doesn't really get  any more low-carb than cucumbers and salmon  with a little sour cream -- really, really a no-brainer. And the saltiness of the salmon  just makes it taste like you're eating  something wonderful, which, of course, you are. What I love about this little party bite is how elegant it is. There's just something about them sitting on a platter. It makes you feel like you are  definitely at a special party. Okay, I'll grab the spoon and  just stir this up... a little bit, and then I have some fresh dill, and I'll chop it into teeny,  tiny pieces. I love fresh dill. I didn't realize this  until I opened a restaurant, but fresh dill is actually  a little bit controversial in that not everybody loves it,  but I think in this sour cream it just wakes it up  a little bit, gives it an interesting flavor. Sour cream can be a little bit bland if you don't doctor it up. Okay, that looks great. Now, one of my weaknesses  in life happens to be a toasted everything bagel with  cream cheese and smoked salmon. Of course, I can't put anything  remotely related to a bagel on this because that wouldn't  be low carb, but I'm going to whip up  some everything-bagel seasoning to sprinkle  over the top of the bites. It starts with some onion flakes  and garlic flakes, some toasted sesame seeds -- absolutely delicious. Poppy seeds. I love the dark color. I always like seeing them  on everything bagels. And then some sea salt,  really flaky. I'm not even measuring it, just throwing in a little bit  of everything. Black pepper is the last thing. And I'll stir it up. I think this is going to be  just the right amount for the number of bites I made. Now, let me show you  how to build these. I'll grab a cucumber slice and get a little dollop  of the sour cream. This would be  a delicious bite in itself. I'll grab a little sprig of dill  and lay it on top of the sour cream,  and then comes the salmon. I just have  regular smoked salmon, and I cut little bitty strips,  and I'll fold each strip over and make that beautiful  cucumber salmon bite. I can't forget  the everything-bagel seasoning. I'll just lightly  sprinkle it over. Pretty as a picture. Now I'll get the rest done. Now, that is one simple  appetizer with two big payoffs. They're beautiful,  and they're low carb. Who could possible say  no to that? Not me, that's who. Up next,  the final low-carb nibble -- Spanish marinated olives with mozzarella, manchego,  and chorizo ending things  on a really high note. The last of  the low-carb appetizers takes a bunch  of store-bought ingredients, mixes them together  to elevate it into something really special. I'm making Spanish  marinated olives. Olives are basically my favorite  party bite in the world, and marinating them with a bunch  of delicious ingredients really makes them amazing. I'm making a really simple  marinade first. It's just olive oil  with sherry vinegar and a whole bunch  of sliced garlic. I love that you can now  buy garlic cloves that are peeled in a bag  in the produce section. I've never used so much garlic  in my life. It just makes it so easy. Okay, that is  all whisked together. Now I've just got to throw  a bunch of stuff in a bowl, starting with the olives. Bright green, Castelvetrano  olives -- my personal weakness. I love them. Kalamata olives. You can use absolutely  any olives you want. Plain old ripe olives  in a can -- This makes them  absolutely delicious. I've actually got  some Moroccan olives. They kind of look  like little prunes, but they have  the most amazing flavor. And then I'm going to add  some cheese to the mix. Manchego cheese since these are  Spanish marinated olives. And deviating from the Spanish  theme a little bit, little mozzarella pearls. I think the combo of cheese  and olives is something  that exists in heaven. I'm adding some orange peel. Next come a couple  of bay leaves, and then I'm adding  three sprigs of rosemary. I'm not even going  to chop it up. Just throw them in there. And then this beautifully simple  marinade goes over everything. Absolute magic happens  when these sit in the fridge. It's just a beautiful combo. Okay. I'm going to cover this  with plastic wrap. How simple is this appetizer,  by the way? Now it just needs to marinate  in the fridge for 8 hours, and then I'll have  one more thing to add. Okay. This bowl of olives and cheese could not look  any more delicious. That marinade was basically  absorbed by everything, so just imagine how good  that is going to taste. Now, I said I have  one more thing to add. I have some chorizo sausage, and I cut it into little pieces, and I'll stir it in. I didn't want to put the sausage  in while it was marinating because the acid  in the vinegar might have sort of messed  it up a little bit. These olives are fragrant  and flavorful and fabulous. Now I'm going to get it  into a little bowl to serve. I definitely want to take some  of the good stuff with me -- the orange peel  and rosemary. It just makes the whole thing  look wonderful. A little bit more. Spanish marinated olives,  I love you. And that, my friends,  wraps up this low-carb marathon in a very tasty way. So, next time  you're having a party, whether it's around the holidays  or any other time of year, try ditching the carbs  and give these a go. I promise you won't even  miss them. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 