The Pioneer Woman: Season 4, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Pioneer Woman 
 s4e3 - Ranch Games - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Pioneer Woman (2011–…): Season 4, Episode 3 - Ranch Games - full transcript 
 Ree & Ladd Drummond know the family that plays together, stays together. On the menu: tomato brisket; onion strings; blanched broccoli with cheese sauce; and chocolate-chip-cookie-ice-cream sandwiches. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm ree drummond. I'm a writer, blogger, photographer, mother, accidental country girl, and I've got a lot of mouths to feed. It's Thanksgiving, and I'm counting down to a perfect Thanksgiving feast with all the trimmings. The centerpiece is a plump, juicy, golden-brown turkey that's been soaked in a flavorful brine and coated in a delicious orange Rosemary butter. The cornbread dressing is an old family recipe that I've made my own with sausage, apples, and mushrooms. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There's an easy make-ahead cranberry sauce and thick, dark turkey gravy, then sweet roasted Rosemary acorn squash wedges, and my grandmother's green beans with tomatoes. The family's bringing the mashed potatoes, buttered rolls, and pecan pie. This is a Thanksgiving celebration ranch-style. If I can do it, you can do it, too. happy Thanksgiving. Welcome to my frontier. It's 7:00 A.M. it's Thanksgiving. We're having a huge feast up at the lodge. The kids and ladd are out feeding cattle and horses, and I'm headed up to the lodge to get a jump start on the meal. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 -- Captions by vitac -- closed captions provided by scripps networks, llc. The first time I cooked the entire Thanksgiving feast for our family, I was so terrified. But it all turned out fine. In fact, some of it was really delicious, so I felt so good about myself, and I'm always happy to cook Thanksgiving dinner. I've learned through the years that the more you do ahead of time, the better, so I did some prep work yesterday, including brining the turkey. You just throw 3 cups of apple cider into a pot of cold water. Then you throw in the leaves of 4 Rosemary sprigs, 5 cloves of garlic, 3/4 cup of kosher salt, 2 cups of brown sugar, 3 tablespoons of tricolor peppercorns, 5 whole bay leaves, and finally, the peel of 3 large oranges cut into large strips. Then you stir the whole mixture until the salt and sugar dissolve, bring it to a boil, cover it, and allow it to cool completely. Give the turkey a good rinse, then put it into a large brining bag or pot. Then pour in the brine mixture and just stick it in the fridge for several hours. My turkey's been brining in the fridge since yesterday, so I'm gonna get on up to the lodge and get started on the feast. All right, time to take the big boy out of the fridge. This is heavy. I always do a 20-pound turkey 'cause we have a lot of people to feed, but also because that's what I've always made, so I do it the same every year. Okay. Now, the brine worked its magic overnight. The salt works its way into the turkey meat, makes it really tender, kind of makes it juicy. But it does make the surface of the turkey really salty, so I'm gonna give it a really good rinse, get in the crevices... Just like giving one of my babies a bath. And then I'm just gonna submerge the turkey -- whoop! -- right into the water. And I'm just gonna let it sit in there for about 15 minutes or so, and that'll make sure all the excess salt in the cavities and on the skin gets washed away. Give my hands a good wash. And now I'm gonna move on to one of my favorite Thanksgiving side dishes -- sweet roasted acorn squash wedges. I've got all the acorn squashes sliced, and I'll just arrange the slices in a couple of big dishes. I put the skin side down in the pan. I love Thanksgiving. Now, I have two sticks of butter. They're room temperature, nice and soft. Throw them into the bowl. And then I'll just throw in about a cup of brown sugar. This is where the sweet comes in. Sprinkle in a little salt. And then I have a few sprigs of Rosemary. And then I like to add just a little bit of chili powder to the butter mixture. It just gives it a little bit of a different flavor, a little bit of heat. It's really, really nice. And then I'll just smear all of this together, mix the butter with the sugar. It's gonna turn into this delicious paste that I could probably eat with a spoon if I wanted to. Now, I'm just gonna smear this mixture all over the top of the squash wedges. I have this adorable little spatula. It's just perfect for this job. Okay. Now, I'm just gonna pop these into the fridge. They'll sit in there until it's time to throw them in the oven. And that is one easy and very impressive dish -- really delicious. All right. Now we're gonna get back to the turkey. All right, now I'll just stick the big guy on a baking sheet. I've got some paper towels on there. And I want to get him nice and patted dry before I put him on the roasting pan. Okay, nice and dry. Now, you don't want the wings sticking out while it roasts. So, I just lift up the bird and tuck him in as tightly as I can underneath. Okay, now, for the legs -- I'm just gonna tie them together. Tie it nice and tight. Now, I've got some really heavy aluminum foil. Just tuck it over the handles. I want to trap as much heat in the pan as possible. Now, for the first stage of cooking, this is gonna go into a 275-degree oven for about 3, 3 1/2 hours. And then I'm gonna get rid of the foil, stuff it, smear it in a gorgeous butter mixture, and finish the roasting. It's gonna be so delicious. Up next, I'll make  the cornbread dressing with sausage, apples,  and mushrooms. Then it's time  to stuff the turkey and get rolling on the sides. Green beans with tomatoes are a classic  on my Thanksgiving table and delicious  thick, dark gravy. Stick around.  Everything's right on schedule. The turkey's been in the oven for about three hours. It's ready for its next roasting stage, and I'm gonna stuff it before that. I'm making cornbread stuffing with sausage and apples. I've got 4 cups of diced cornbread, and then I've got 4 cups of ciabatta -- just a real artisan crusty loaf -- and then 4 cups of cubed French bread. This is the great thing to do ahead of time. You can always cut up the bread for the stuffing the day before 'cause it can't get too dry. The drier, the better. Aside from the bread, I've got all the elements ready. All I have to do is assemble it, starting with Italian sausage. So, all I did was just throw a pound of Italian sausage in a large skillet over medium heat. Then I just stirred it around until it was totally brown. The next element are these beautiful apples sautéed with onion, brown sugar, and a little wine. And the final element are these mushrooms, which I roasted earlier. I just quartered 32 ounces of white button mushrooms that had been washed and dried. Then I drizzled on 4 tablespoons of olive oil, sprinkled on a little salt, then stirred them around to coat them. Then I roasted them in the upper part of a 500-degree oven for about 20 minutes, and I gave them a stir halfway through. And the mushrooms just go right in. And I don't think i can add anything else. The bowl is full. Now I'm just gonna give it a little bit of a toss. Whoop! I probably needed a bigger bowl. All right, that's all stirred together. Now, the final element I'll add is this glorious flavorful, yummy, herb-and-broth mixture. I'll show you how I made it. So, in the same skillet i used for everything else, I just added 32 ounces of low-sodium chicken broth. Then I added 1/2 teaspoon of ground thyme, 1/2 teaspoon of ground sage, 1/4 teaspoon of turmeric for great, great color, 2 teaspoons of minced Rosemary, 1/2 teaspoon of kosher salt, and some black pepper to taste. All right, the final, final thing -- and I really mean it this time -- that I'm gonna add to the stuffing is some minced parsley. It just adds a nice green, nice freshness to the stuffing. And then I'm gonna add in a little bit of salt and some pepper -- a little extra -- and then just toss it together. That's it. Stuffing's done. All right. The turkey's been in the oven for 3 1/2 hours. I'm getting ready to take it out and get it ready for the next stage. I'm gonna smear butter all over the surface, and I'm gonna flavor the butter with Rosemary and orange zest. I've got two sticks of butter, and I'm gonna add a good amount of finely minced Rosemary. And then I shaved some orange peel off of an orange and then cut it into teeny, little slivers. Gonna add a little salt. And then just mush this all together. This orange Rosemary butter is a nice nod to the brine mixture. The brine has both in it. Okay. Now it's time to flex my muscles. I'm gonna get the turkey out of the oven. The house smells divine. All right. Here we go. One, two, three, up! Whew! And I'm gonna raise the temperature to 375 degrees. That's what the turkey will need on the second stage. All right, I'll take the foil off. And that is exactly what it's supposed to look like at this stage. It hasn't gotten brown yet. It's just started the cooking process. So I'm just gonna use my hands 'cause it's faster. And I'm just gonna smear the butter all over the surface of the turkey. I want the orange zest to kind of stick to the surface of the bird. It's so pretty. Okay, now, my father-in-law, Chuck, is the only member of our family who likes stuffing in the bird. The rest of us like it in a baking dish. And I'll just stick it in the oven before the guests arrive. Nan and I always joke around that Chuck likes soft food. Everything he eats, he wants it to be nice and soft and soaked in liquid, and that's why he likes his stuffing in the bird. Now, the very last thing to do before it goes back into the oven is to insert the meat thermometer. I've got a heavy-duty one here, and I just stick it in the really thick part of the thigh. And that's the only way I can really tell if the turkey's done. Now, the turkey's gonna go back into the 375-degree oven for about 2 to 2 1/2 more hours, until the temperature reads 165. And while it cooks, I'm gonna baste it every 30 minutes with the golden butter and the juices to make sure it's golden brown and awesome. Up next, I'm making  green beans with tomatoes -- one of my all-time-favorite  Thanksgiving sides. Then I'm finishing up the feast  with classic giblet gravy, in perfect time for  the drummond bunch to show up. happy Thanksgiving. I love it when the whole plan  comes together. I'm moving right along on the big "countdown to Thanksgiving" dinner. The turkey's roasting in the oven. I've been basting it. It looks delicious. It's on its last stage of cooking. Ladd and the kids are wrapping up feeding, so I'm gonna whip up another one of my very favorite Thanksgiving side dishes -- green beans and tomatoes. It starts with eight slices of bacon. I just cut them into chunks. And I've been sautéing it just over medium-low heat. I just wanted to render the fat. So, now I'm gonna throw in one chopped onion. Bacon and onions cooking -- I mean, there is nothing like it. I don't want to get too much color on it. I just want the onions to start cooking a little bit. All right, now I've got some fresh green beans, and I just washed them up. And I am very relaxed about trimming green beans. I just sort of stack up a few and chop off the ends. This is about 2 pounds of green beans. All right. Now, on top of the green beans, I'm just gonna add three regular cans of whole tomatoes. You can do diced tomatoes, but I really like the big red chunks in the dish. Now I'll add in some salt and pepper -- good amount of black pepper. And then this is the essential ingredient -- cayenne pepper. It gives it just a little bit of spice. And I hate to say it, but that's it. I'm just gonna give them a quick stir, put the lid on, and let them simmer for an hour. And that's another dish done. All right, Charlie, let's see where I am with everything. One thing I always do every year on Thanksgiving is make a list. It helps me stay organized. I like to do as much as I can ahead of time, and one of the things i did yesterday was make the cranberry sauce. I just throw two bags of fresh Cranberries into a medium saucepan. Then I add 2 cups of cranberry juice, 2 cups of maple syrup, 6 tablespoons of orange juice, and a tablespoon of finely grated orange zest. Then, with the heat on high, i stir it all together. When it's at a rolling boil and the berries start to pop, I turn the heat down to medium-low and cook it for another 10 minutes, until it's really thick. Then I just pop it in the fr llhanksgiving dinner. Another thing I love doing ahead of time is set the table. And I had the girls do that for me yesterday. They just laid out the flatware, glasses, my favorite brown-and-white plates, simple brown bandanas for napkins, velvet pumpkins for decoration, and just a few simple pillar candles. Another thing that saves me a lot of time is to lay out all my serving pieces the night before, 'cause I don't want to go searching for my gravy boats when the guests show up. I've gotten a lot done, but I've still got a few boxes unchecked. Charlie, I'm gonna go get busy. All right, time to put the dressing in the oven. I'm just gonna put it in a 375-degree oven for about 20 to 25 minutes. It just needs to heat through and get nice and crisp and golden on top. The squash have already been going for about 20 minutes, and they are looking gorgeous. And now it's time to take the turkey out of the oven. So exciting. Oh! Boy, oh, boy. Look at that. The turkey couldn't look more gorgeous. Oh! Yum! Now, I'm gonna take the turkey out of the roasting pan. That's why I love these racks. I'm just gonna let it rest for a little bit. And I'm gonna pour off all the wonderful, magical, flavorful, incredible, heavenly juices from the pan. I'm gonna use that to make gravy in a little bit. Now I'm gonna get the stuffing out of the bird -- Chuck's stuffing. It has his name written on it. There's plenty for the rest of us in the oven. Just gonna carefully reach in there. And that is exactly how Chuck likes it -- really, really moist, almost wet, with all the drippings of the turkey. Now, I'm just gonna cover the turkey and let it rest. That actually helps all the juices evenly distribute around the turkey. And then my hubby's gonna carve it later. I love Thanksgiving. Up next, we're getting close. I'm fixing gravy,  ladd's carving the bird, and then it's our  full-on Thanksgiving feast. I use the same basic strategy  every year, and I promise, if it works on  the ranch, it'll work for you. For recipes from this episode,  go to... Hut! Oh! All right, the last thing I have to do is make the turkey gravy. The turkey's out of the pan, I poured all the yummy drippings out of the pan, and I let the grease separate from the drippings. All right, now, into the grease, I'm gonna sprinkle in some flour, and I'm gonna make a nice roux out of all of this turkey yumminess. And then just whisk it together. If the paste seems to be overly greasy or if the grease starts to separate from the paste, I just sprinkle in more flour. Oh! I'm gonna grab a carton of low-sodium chicken broth. I always use low-sodium chicken broth when I make gravy, 'cause then I can always add in more salt later. And I'm just gonna whisk it around while I add the broth. Okay. Next thing I'm gonna do is pour in some of the drippings. Now, the drippings are all the liquid from the turkey, minus the fat. I'm gonna pour in about a third of them. I don't always pour them all in at once. Now, I'm just gonna let the gravy cook over medium-low heat. It's gonna get thick and start bubbling. And while it does that, I'm gonna get to work on the giblets. I've been boiling them just in simmering water, and I'm gonna chop them up and add them back to the gravy, and that just makes even more flavor. Now, I also boiled the neck. I don't want any part of the turkey to go to waste. And I'm just gonna get a little bit of the meat off, just to have a little added texture, a little added flavor. So, I'm gonna go ahead and throw all the giblets in. Then I'm gonna stir them all in. Now, this just needs to thicken for a couple more minutes, and then everything is ready. Hey. How you doing, man? Hi. happy Thanksgiving. happy Thanksgiving. happy Thanksgiving. happy Thanksgiving, brother-in-law. happy Thanksgiving. Thanks for the pie. I'll take those taters. Thank you. So, who wants a glass of wine? happy Thanksgiving, everybody. happy Thanksgiving. Well, you guys ready to eat? Where's the turkey? Let's go carve it and get ready. All right, sounds good. Come on. I made you a big old bird. All right. That looks good, honey. I'm gonna get everything else served up. Cranberry sauce. Wow. Well, did you get all the feeding done, honey? Yeah. I got all the cows taken care of. That's good. You can relax. Yep. It's kind of nice. All right. Ooh! Wow. Look at those. Yeah. Yuh-um. Grab the squash. We're doing great. Hey, honey, I'm just gonna say this in here, without everybody watching. Sure. I'm thankful for you. Aww. I'm thankful for you, too. Now, hurry up. I think we're ready. Let's get this show on the road. All right. I think everybody's hungry. I think so, too. Me included. I am, too. All right, guys, I say we just start digging in. Pass your plate. Sure. I'd love some turkey. Well, I think it's so much more fun when everybody brings something, don't you? Oh, it makes it so much easier for everyone. It really does. So, guys, I was thinking we could go around the table, and everybody could say one thing they're thankful for. I'm thankful for the rain. Family. Green grass. Grandchildren. Food and family. Food and family. All the generations here today. My father and mother. We're thankful for you, too, Todd. I'm thankful for having all the family here. This beautiful ranch. All of our good health. I'm thankful for horses. Good family. This and any other opportunity to come together as a family. People who love to cook. happy Thanksgiving, everybody. happy Thanksgiving. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 