The Pioneer Woman: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Pioneer Woman 
 s2e1 - Ranching in the Mist - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Pioneer Woman (2011–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Ranching in the Mist - full transcript 
 Ree plans the night before for a cowboys and cowgirls lunch. She prepares spicy pulled pork; cilantro slaw; potatoes au gratin; a flat apple pie with homemade caramel sauce. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  I'm ree drummond,  the pioneer woman. Here's what's happening  on the ranch. I'm making care packages  for my two college girls. I'm sending them homemade  breakfast tarts to start the day, nut-and-seed brittle that's  perfect to share with friends, salt-and-pepper crackers  to snack on while studying away and awesome cherry gummies -- a college-student favorite. Their brothers are getting in  on the fun too, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 shopping for goodies  to pack in their boxes. We're sending them with love  from the ranch. Welcome to my frontier. ♪♪ my daughter, alex, is in her  last year of college, and my daughter, paige, is in her first year,  so I thought, "this is my chance to make  a double college care package." I'm gonna fill two boxes with all the good things in life and send them to my girls. I'm gonna start  by making a batch of homemade breakfast tarts. They're really colorful,  super delicious. They can eat them  as breakfast or a snack. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm gonna make a pie crust, and that'll serve  as the crust for the tarts. This is just my standard crust. It has 3 cups of all-purpose  flour, a teaspoon of salt, and I added 2 tablespoons  of sugar just to give the tarts  a little extra sweetness. Okay, I mixed that together. Now I have two sticks of butter. It's really cold. I'm gonna work it together  until it basically looks like crumbs  and pebbles mixed together. I have a little confession  to make. I have not sent paige a care  package at college yet, and that perfectly sums up  what it's like after your first child. The first kid --  you make a baby book, you write down everything  they do and say, and then the rest of the kids,  you're too busy. [ chuckles ] all right, this is all  mixed together, so I have a beaten egg. Pour it right in  and then ice water... I'll add about 5 tablespoons. ♪♪ ...A little splash  of white distilled vinegar. It's been really fun to see how my two girls  have done in college. 'course, when alex left  for college, I thought the world  was coming to an end. I did not know a mother  could feel such depth of pain. I missed her so much, and then, three years later, paige did it to me again.  [ chuckles ] okay, now I'm gonna  dump this mixture right onto the plastic wrap. [ bowl thuds ] you've got to use your hands  and press. Now wrap it super tight  in the plastic wrap, and I'll get it into the fridge. Now, I am not doing this  care-package project alone. There are other things that need to go in the boxes besides food, so I enlisted bryce and todd  to help me, so let me take you  into the first installment of "drummond boys  personal shoppers". ♪♪ first stop -- osage outfitters. What's up, joey? What's up, joey? How we doing? Doing all right?  Yes, sir. What do you think  about getting, todd? I honestly don't know. Maybe a makeup bag?  Coffee mug. Ree: Decisions, decisions. Boots?  Got these. Something mom would wear. Something you would wear.  [ laughing ] shut up. That's a no. Cold-weather clothes?  -Some clothes. No, it's pretty warm  down there in texas. Yeah. How about some perfume? [ perfume spritzes ] -[ splutters ]  -[ chuckles ] think I might get  this perfume for paige. Yeah, I like it. This leather air freshener. Ree:  Perfumes and air fresheners, and that is a solid yes. -Well, thank you, joey.  -There you go. Good to see you guys.  -Thank you. -Have a good one.  -You, too. [ door bell dings ] where to next? Well, I don't know. I promise to share more of  the boys' shopping adventures. I apologize to all the store  owners in pawhuska. I hope they survive this.  [ chuckles ] all right, I've got the dough -- it's been chilling  for an hour -- and I'm going  to roll out half of it. It's better to roll out half of the batch of dough at a time. That way, you don't run the risk  of the whole batch of dough getting too warm to work with. Now, I get a little flour  on top, and I'm gonna roll this out approximately  to 18 inches by 9 inches. ♪♪ okay, now I'll trim off  the rough edges, and I'm gonna cut this  into eight equal rectangles. So, I'm gonna grab  a jar of berry preserves... You can do strawberry. You can do chocolate-hazelnut  spread if you prefer. ...And then I'll grab  a little bit of egg wash. This is just an egg that I beat  with a little bit of water, and I'll brush it around  the edge of the crust... ♪♪ [ glass thuds ] ...And then pick up  the top piece and you put it on top. Use your fingers  to make the edges meet. Now I'll get a fork and crimp  the edges just like you  would a pie crust. You don't have to be fancy  at all, and that's a good thing 'cause I am not fancy... [chuckles] when it  comes to things like this. Okay, I'm gonna make  seven more of these, and then I'll walk you through  the baking and cooling process. First, I put the eight tarts onto parchment-lined  baking sheets and get them into the oven  to bake at 400 degrees for 16 minutes.  [ timer clicking, dings ] when they're just barely golden, I'll take them out, leave them  on the counter for 20 minutes, and then put them on two racks. The little tarts are baked  and cooled. Now, even though there's  sweet jam on the inside, they don't look  very exciting right now. They're just kind of plain  pastries. Well, I'm about to change that. I am making a bright purple  glaze to spoon over the top. I'm just sifting  some powdered sugar. Now I'll add a tablespoon  of the berry preserves, and then I have some milk --  2 tablespoons. Now I'm gonna add some  bright purple food coloring. I'm using a toothpick. ♪♪ so I'll stir it around. I love adding the jam because  you can see the little bits of berries  throughout the purple frosting, so it's really, really great. And then I'll start by just  adding a spoonful to the top. Now these are not neatly piped,  iced, homemade breakfast tarts. These are kind of fun,  splatter-y, gloopy breakfast tarts.  [ chuckles ] just kind of push the glaze so it just falls over  the sides a little bit, and then, to make them  extra fun for my girls, I'm gonna sprinkle on  some little rainbow sprinkles. Okay, that's one. Now I'm gonna keep glazing  and sprinkling. ♪♪ ♪♪ okay, they're all done. Now I have to let them  set completely, and then I'll pack them up, and they'll be ready  for the trip south to texas and east to arkansas. Up next -- crazy-good  nut-and-seed brittle, salt-and-pepper crackers,  cherry gummies, and more care-package shopping  courtesy of bryce and todd. ♪♪ nothing says, "I love you.  I miss you. Please come home.  I'm so lonely," like sending your daughters  a care package at college. Now, in alex and paige's  care packages, I wanted to include  nut-and-seed brittle. It's pretty much like regular  peanut brittle, but it has some great seeds  and nuts. Now I added some flax  seeds to the pan. That's the first seed,  and that was about 3/4 cup. I'll add 1/4 cup  of sesame seeds. I've got some slivered almonds, and I'm gonna add  1/2 cup of those and then 1/2 cup  of shelled sunflower seeds. Give the pan a shake, and then I'm gonna  toast these nuts before I make the brittle. They're gonna go  into a 350-degree oven for about 8 to 10 minutes, and then I'll move  forward from there. Meantime, I sent bryce and todd  to town to pick up little bits and  pieces for the care packages, so let's go to them  for installment two of their shopping adventures. Second stop -- pierce arrow  for a jewelry mission. We're looking to get  some jewelry for our sisters. Do they like longer or shorter, do you think? Think alex likes  the longer necklaces. Ree: They're looking...  Well, this necklace has labradorite in it. ...They're choosing...  I think we need to get that for alex, todd.  -Yeah. Probably a shorter one  for paige. What do you think  about that one? Yeah, I like that one.  Okay. You guys are quick shoppers.  [ chuckles ] typical male species here. Ree: ...They're buying. Easy. I'm feeling like I should send  them to do my grocery shopping. -Thank you.  -Thank you. There's gonna be more  from those two in a minute, but in the meantime, I'm gonna move forward  with the brittle. The kitchen smells so good. It's because of these seeds  and nuts. They smell delicious. Okay, now I'm gonna move forward with the butter-and-sugar  mixture. It's very, very simple -- just a cup and a half of sugar and, as if that isn't  enough sweetness, 1/2 cup of corn syrup. All right,  and then a stick of butter, 1/2 cup of water, and I just got to turn  on the stove. Now I'm gonna stir this  around until the butter melts, the sugar dissolves, so while that happens,  boys, over to you. ♪♪ last stop -- the merc. How about something soft  and cuddly, boys... Should we get a dog? Yeah.  Charlie dog? ...Something to wear... Maybe, like, a sweatshirt? Bryce, what size is alex? Large.  Extra large? [ laughing ] large. [ quietly ] oh, man. Think she'll like that. -Mm.  -...And a lucy dog? What more could  two sisters want? Good job, boys. I sure hope the girls appreciate  their brothers' efforts. They're putting their heart and soul into this shopping journey. I used a candy thermometer, and the mixture is  just at 300 degrees, and that's when you want  to stop the cooking so it doesn't get too thick. Now these seeds have cooled  a bit, so I'm gonna use a spatula  and just get them in there. Get in there  and quickly stir it around. You don't want to waste  any time with this stage. Once it starts to seize up,  you're sunk. So I'm gonna pour it  onto the piece of parchment -- try to cover as much area  as I can 'cause it's not very easy  to spread once it gets out of the pan. What a gorgeous,  gorgeous mixture, and it's good to get it  kind of even on top. Smooth it out  as much as you can. Gosh, who needs peanut brittle when you can have  this masterpiece? Okay,  I think that looks great, and for a little  finishing touch, I've got some sea salt, and I'm gonna sprinkle  a little bit over the top. Okay, now I need to let this  cool and set, and this is what happens next. The brittle takes about an hour  and a half to set. [ timer dings ]  then I'll break it into miscellaneously-shaped  shards. It's so satisfying  to break them apart. I love that snapping sound. Then I'll pack it in bags,  tie them up, and that's two bags  of sweet brittle for my two sweet daughters. All right, alex and paige. Nut-and-seed brittle  coming for you. Truth be told, I wish I had made  a little extra for me. [ clicks teeth ] hmm.  Look what I found. Up next -- salt-and-pepper  crackers and cherry gummies complete the lineup  for college-girl care packages delivered to the post office by  one of their favorite brothers. ♪♪ when I was in college -- mmm, that was about  four years ago -- I loved it when my mom  would send me home-baked treats in the mail. Well, I am spreading that love  to my daughters, who are both in college. I'm sending alex and paige a double care package  of homemade treats, and I'm gonna include a batch  of salt-and-pepper crackers. They're sort of like  a shortbread cookie but in cracker form. The girls are gonna love them. I added 2 3/4 sticks of butter  to the mixer with 1/2 cup of sugar, and I'm gonna let  that cream together while I sift  the dry ingredients. That is 2 cups of flour along with 1/2 cup  of cornstarch. You don't find cornstarch in cookie or cracker recipes  very often, but it adds  the lightest texture. It really makes them special. Okay, that is all creamed  together. [ switch clicks ]  so I'll turn it off, and then I'll add  this mixture in two halves -- add about half of it now. Then I'll turn  the mixer back on. So while that mixes in,  I'll go ahead and add the rest. Okay. And these are salt-and-pepper  crackers, so I'm gonna add  2 teaspoons of black pepper and mix it just  a little bit longer. These crackers almost melt  in your mouth. Because of that,  if you're not careful, you can polish off  12 or 13 of them without even thinking about it. Okay. Perfect. Okay, I'm gonna divide this  in two sections, so I will get one  onto plastic wrap. Gosh, it looks like regular  cookie or cracker dough, but it just feels different. It's so soft, and it's messy.  [ chuckles ] soft means messy  when it comes to doughs. I kind of press it into a ball, and that'll make it easier  to roll out after it chills. Okay, the second half. Fold that over. This dough is so easy  to work with. Okay, I'm gonna get the dough  into the fridge to chill, and then I'll see you  back here in a bit. [ timer clicking, dings ] 20 minutes doesn't seem  like a lot, but it hardens that butter  just enough to make it easy  to roll this dough out. Otherwise, it is way too soft, and you'll end up in tears, and you won't finish  your daughters' care package. Okay. I'm gonna roll this out  into a circle. I've put it on a piece  of parchment because it's  a very sticky dough, and you've just got to keep  flouring the rolling pin, turning it, and if you see it  start to stick at all, just add a little more flour. This is such a pretty dough 'cause you can see  the little flecks of pepper. Okay.  That looks about right. It's about a 9-inch circle,  I think, so I'll cut off  the rough edges just so I can start  with a neat square. Okay,  I'll pull off the edges, and then I'm gonna  cut four-by-fours, which means I'll wind up  with 16 squares. Now I'm gonna put these  onto a baking sheet, and then I'll do this same thing with the other  half of the dough. ♪♪ so now comes the salt part  in the form of sea salt. I tell you, what makes  these crackers so special is the sea salt on top, makes the crackers  a little extra pretty. It has this little sparkle  from the salt, but then you eat them.  Oh, they're just so... Salty. [ chuckles ] I don't know how else  to describe it. Okay, so I'm gonna get these into a 325-degree oven  until they're set. ♪♪ [ timer clicking, dings ] I love these crackers. So I'm gonna let these  sit here and cool, and then I'll pack them up  for the girls, 16 for each one. [ clicks cheek ] maybe 15? 14, and that's my final offer. Up next -- cherry gummies, the  ultimate sweet student snack. Then I'm packing up  the college care packages destined for arkansas  and texas. Okay, this is command central  for all things care package. I've got two pretty big boxes for each of  the girls' care boxes, and I couldn't help it. I'm a mom, so I broke out  the stickers and magic markers, and I decorated the underside. All right, I've got all the  stuff to pack in the boxes. I've got the homemade  breakfast tarts and the  salt-and-pepper crackers, this scrumptious and very  crunchy nut-and-seed brittle. Now, every kid's care package  has to have a fun candy, so I made cherry gummies. They have real fruit juice  in them. You will not believe how easy  they are to make with just four ingredients. Making the cherry gummies  is easy. It's 2 cups of tart cherry juice and 2/3 cup  of sugar stirred together until the sugar dissolves. Then, with the heat off, I added 4 tablespoons of gelatin  mixed with a cup of water, and that gets whisked until  it was completely dissolved. Then I added the zest and juice  of a lime, stir everything together, pour it into a pan sprayed  with cooking spray and chill it for 2 hours. Next, you cut it into 1-inch  squares, put them on a sheet pan, let them sit overnight,  then pack them up. Jars for alex and paige  and a little bag for bryce. I'm gonna add the things  that the boys got: Sweet little basset hound and a merc sweatshirt, necklace. It's so interesting to see  what the boys pick out when they go shopping  for their sisters -- [ sniffs ]  actually smells really good. I like to see their creativity  come out. Okay, and then, because  every college student needs one -- phone charger. All right, that's alex's box. Now I'm gonna fill up paige's. ♪♪ all right,  they're all filled up. Now I need to close them  and tape them, and then I just need my delivery  guy to come pick them up. ♪♪ -what's up, mom?  -Hey, brycie. You ready for a trip  to the post office? -Yeah, I am.  -Oh, man, those are heavy.  [ chuckles ] thank you  for doing this for me. It'll save me  a trip to town. No problem. And I am sending you  with some cherry gummies so you won't dig  through the care packages. All right.  Hey. I like that you have  a driver's license. [ chuckling ]  yeah, me, too.  [ laughs ] bye, brycie.  See you. Drive safe!  Yeah. ♪♪ mmm. Not bad. ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 