The Pioneer Woman: Season 2, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Pioneer Woman 
 s2e12 - Family Matters - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Pioneer Woman (2011–…): Season 2, Episode 12 - Family Matters - full transcript 
 Ree's father and step-mom are coming to the ranch for dinner, featuring grilled steaks with homemade sauces, salads and sides. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  ♪♪ I'm ree drummond,  the pioneer woman. Here is what's happening  on the ranch. It's canapes,  cocktails and canvases with a really fun  painting class at the merc. I'm taking finger food  for the artists, delicious mini hawaiian  chicken skewers, a good looking,  great tasting veggie bite, little zucchini caprese sliders and picture perfect marbled butterfly sugar cookies, all washed down with  a total cocktail masterpiece, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 strawberry basil mojitos  to inspire the artists, including me. Welcome to my frontier. ♪♪ once a week at the merc  after closing time, we have painting classes, and I have been wanting  to go for quite some time. So tonight in addition  to taking the painting class, I'm going to take along food  and a cocktail, so I better get started. Butterfly  cookies coming right up! ♪♪ okay, I've got everything ready. Now I don't know how my canvas 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 is going to turn out  at the class tonight, but I think the cookies  are going to be just gorgeous. I'm going to do a little  marbling effect to the icing. We'll see how they turn out. I'm making the cookie  dough first. I started with 1 stick plus  2 tablespoons of softened butter,  3/4 of a cup of sugar, and then the zest  of half of an orange gives it a nice citrus flavor. Now let the mixer  start creaming this together. We started the painting classes  at the merc a couple of months ago,  and we really just did it as a way to get through  the slower winter months until spring arrived. Well, spring arrived, and people kept calling  wanting to reserve places in the painting classes, so we're just going to keep them going as long as people  are interested, and everybody has food  and cocktails. I'm really getting excited  about it. I haven't been able to make  one yet, so tonight is my chance.  All right. I'm going to let this  finish creaming, and then I'll move on  with the next steps. It takes about 2 minutes  to finish the creaming process, so I'll add 1 egg,  1/2 a teaspoon of vanilla, mix it in,  scrape the mixer down, give it another beat  and turn the mixer off. Next I'll add 2 cups  of all purpose flour to a sifter with 1/2  a tablespoon of baking powder, 1/4 a teaspoon of salt  and sift it together. Now with the mixer on low,  I'll add the dry mix, alternating with 3 tablespoons  of milk until the dough  comes together. Perfect! The dough looks great. I want to get it into the fridge  to chill for just a little bit  before I try to roll it out. It always makes it  a little easier. This is the sugar cookie recipe I use whenever I make pretty  much any roll and cut cookie. I'm just going to pad it  into a neat little disc, and then  I'll get it into a bag. Oh, it smells so good. That orange zest just  totally transforms it. All right. Now I'm going to get this  into the fridge for 2 hours. See you later! ♪♪ time flies, doesn't it? The dough has been chilling  for 2 hours, so I'm going to get it  out of the bag. Try not to eat it  in the process. ♪♪ all right. Rolling, cutting and baking  coming right up. Rolling first --  I'll flour the board and get to work on the dough and keep going until  it's about 1/4 an inch thick. Then cutting, I'm going to use  a 3 inch butterfly cutter dipped in flour  on half the dough and a 2 inch cutter also dipped  in flour on the other half, then put them on a baking sheet and bake them at 350 degrees  for 7 minutes, then let them sit for 5 minutes before putting them on a rack  to cool completely. Now that the beautiful butterfly  cookies are baked and cooled, it's time to make the frosting. I've got a whole bunch  of powdered sugar in the mixer, and I'm going to add  some milk slowly. This is going to be a gorgeous,  glossy frosting, and I'm going to marble it, and I'm very excited about that. Marbled butterfly cookies,  talk about gorgeous, and what makes the frosting  glossy is egg white. These are actually  pasteurized egg whites that you can buy  in the supermarket. They come in handy  whenever you're going to keep  the egg whites raw, that way you don't have  to worry about bacteria. Okay, now that this is not in danger of poofing everywhere, I'm going to turn up  the speed just a bit, and I'll keep mixing  until it's totally combined. I've experimented a little bit  with the milk quantity for this frosting. If you don't add enough,  it's really thick, and if you add too much, it's watery and drips  off the cookie, so the stakes  are very high here. I want the cookies to be pretty  for the painting students, and I haven't met  any of them, so it's going to be  a really fun night. Look at that. It's perfectly drippy. So I'm going to pour it  into three little bowls, and the reason I'm using  three different bowls is that I'm going  to treat them as three different  batches of frosting. The marbling process can be  a little bit messy because the colors  start to mix together the more cookies  you dip, so if you have three  little bowls to work with when the icing starts  to look messy and dirty, you can move on  to the next bowl. All right. I'm going to try not to make  a royal mess. I'm using gel food coloring  in little pots, and I'm going  to start with red, and I'll just drop  a pretty generous drop and then a second drop of red. I miss the old days where you  could just squirt food coloring out of a bottle, but that old fashioned  food coloring does not work  as well as the gel. I have tried it. And now  I'll scoop up some orange, and I'll alternate  red and orange dots, and the little globs  don't have to be perfect when they go into the icing because I'm going  to take a skewer, and I'm going to go in  and just swirl it around just to get a little bit  of marbling on the surface  of the frosting. Okay, I think that;s  swirly enough. Now I'll grab one of  the butterfly cookies and just dip it into the surface  and then lift it up, and when you lift it up,  just kind of move it around so the icing  doesn't wind up in a pile. Look how beautiful that is. Oh, my gosh.  It's a marble butterfly cookie. I'm going to finish all of these  and get them on racks. ♪♪ they turned out so pretty. No two cookies are identical,  and I love that. So I just need to let them  set completely before I pack them  up for tonight. These look like they belong  in an art show, if not at the met,  then definitely at the merc. Up next, mini hawaiian  chicken skewers, zucchini caprese sliders  and strawberry basil mojitos. Then I'm unleashing more of  my inner artist at the marvelous  merc painting class. I'm heading to the merc tonight  to our weekly painting class. Now usually the merc team  provides snacks and cocktails, but since  I'm going along tonight, I offered to bring them. I'm going to take a couple  of savory snacks, starting with mini  hawaiian chicken skewers. I'm making the glaze  for the skewers first. I started with 1/2 a cup of  thick teriyaki sauce, and I'm going to add  a bunch of minced ginger and a bunch of minced garlic. Now this glaze has some other  good stuff going on: 1 tablespoon of brown sugar, and for spice about 1/2 a teaspoon of crushed red  pepper flakes, and then I'll slice up  some green onions. I'm going to save half of them and add the other half  to the glaze. I thought taking snacks  and cocktails tonight would detract from the fact that I really have  no painting talent whatsoever. I just don't want anyone to get  their hopes up about what my canvas is going  to look like at the end. Okay, I'll add half of these  to the glaze, and I'm going to hold back  the rest for garnish later, and then I'm going to slice  a lime in half and squeeze in the juice. And then a little dash of salt. And then I'll just stir this up. We also have cookie classes  at the merc. It's really been fun  to add these classes. The cookie class is pretty fun because everybody goes home with the cookies that they make. All right.  This glaze looks marvelous. It's so thick, so much going on. So I'm going to leave that,  and I'll build the skewers. I thought it would be cute  to do little bitty skewers, and I've got cut-up  chicken breast. I'll start with a piece, and then I've also got chunks  of red bell pepper and a chunk  of canned pineapple. Doesn't get any easier  than that, and then I'll repeat this one more time with chicken,  pepper and pineapple. You can do green bell pepper, any kind of veggie  that you want. It's really perfect  for a casual party. All right. I'm going to keep going  with these. It's going to make about  30 skewers, and while I do, let me show you  all the preparation that's happening  for the class tonight. ♪♪ the space is being set up  by barista aaron, our event manager brittany,  and bakery manager jackie. This one's fine.  Let's move this one over here. Meanwhile, mallory,  who's teaching tonight's class is getting to work  on the canvases, sketching the outline  for the paintings. So we've chosen the boot  with wildflowers because really what's more ree  than a boot with flowers out of it. They get to choose,  like, their own designs, so it's kind of unique  to themselves. Everyone does the same image, but it really comes out  differently with each one. Ree: Aaron is running  the bar tonight. Aaron: I'm just getting wine set  up at the moment because ree is bringing  her own signature cocktail. Ree: Mallory has got a great  team with help from fellow baristas jade,  sarah, and katie. Cool, could you guys  grab the easels now, and then that's everything  we need to start setting up? Yeah. Our staff at the merc  is so great. They have had a lot of fun  getting these classes started. They work so hard. They are just the best. Now I'm seasoning  the skewers first with a little salt and pepper. My marginal art talent aside, I'm really looking forward  to tonight. It is going to be fun. The first thing I'm going to do  is pour off some of the glaze. I'm going to brush part of it  on the uncooked chicken and part of it  on the cooked chicken, so I don't want  to mix those up. Now I will brush the skewers  on one side with this sticky,  luscious glaze, so good. We've been so busy at the merc  that when we first started talking about doing the cookie  and painting classes, I was afraid everybody  would say, "are you kidding?" but they all just totally  jumped right in. All right.  The first side is glazed, so now I'm going to  ok these babies. I'll put them on the grill  brush-side down, brush the top side with marinade and cook them  for about 3 minutes, then turn them  and using a fresh brush and a second bowl of marinade  bast the skewers, cook them for another 3 minutes  then put them on a platter. I'll do exactly the same again  with the second batch and put them  on the platter too. These are so pretty, and they  actually taste delicious at room temperature,  so they're all set. They just need a little  final flourish, some sliced green onion for  color and a little flavor too. Absolutely gorgeous! Dare I say, "a work of art?" up next, a zucchini  caprese twist on sliders, the fine art of cocktails  with a strawberry basil mojito and then it's school time  for the artistic and the not-so-artistic. ♪♪ I have never been much  of a painter. Ballet was more my art form  growing up, but I say, "you're never too old to learn," so I am going to the painting  class at the merc tonight and see if I can sharpen  whatever skills I have. I'm taking food and drink along, including zucchini  caprese sliders. These are beautiful  and scrumptious and fresh and flavorful, and they happen to very low  carbs, so that's a bonus. I just grilled a bunch  of zucchini slices. I brushed them with a little  olive oil and sprinkled them  with salt and pepper. They're so pretty,  and I took them off the grill before they got too flimsy  and mushy. Now I'm going to make  a delicious dressing that goes in the sliders, and it starts with about a cup  of mayonnaise, give or take, and a few tablespoons  of jarred pesto. The mixture of pesto and mayo is pretty much  my favorite condiment. I use it all the time. I'm going to stir it  a little bit, and then I'll splash  in some red wine vinegar just to give it  a little bit of a tang, and I'll stir it  until it's combined. This kind of light party food is one of my favorite categories  of food in general. If I didn't have two  football-playing teenagers and a busy cattle rancher  at home, I would eat like this  all the time. Okay, that looks fantastic. Now I'm going to grab a couple  of slices of the zucchini, and I'll start building  these things. I've got a big block  of mozzarella, and I'll cut a slice, and then  I'll cut the slice in half, and then I need  a slice of tomato. These are great because you can  make two or three sliders, or you can make  a big ol' platter full, depending on how many people  you need to feed. Okay, to put them together, I'll just grab a spoonful  of the pesto mayo, and I don't like to be shy  with the stuff. I really want to taste it. The mozzarella and tomato  and zucchini are delicious, but they're really mild, so this dressing just  makes them so flavorful, and then I'll take one of  the half slices of mozzarella and a slice of tomato, and if a little bit  of that pesto mayo runs over the side,  that's a good thing because it means  it's going to be delicious, and I have a pile  of beautiful basil leaves, so I'll put a whole leaf  right on top of the tomato and then a little bit  more of the pesto mayo on the top  slice of zucchini and put that upside down. Look at that. I want the sliders to stay  together on my trip to town, so I'll stick in a toothpick  to hold it together. So pretty!  All right. I've got to build a bunch more  of these, so while I do that I'll take you back to town, where the team  is full steam ahead. ♪♪ mallory and her squad  are setting out the room with aprons, water pots,  easels and brushes, and aaron is almost ready  for the students to arrive. This is just my little bar. It's where I'm going to  make my drinks. I've got a few different wines  set out, a couple reds,  a couple whites. We got a cheese tray out  because everybody likes a little cheese and crackers  to go with the wine, and we're just  getting ready to roll. Ree: Then there are the all  important canvases and the paints to sets out. All right, I think we're now  ready for the class. ♪♪ the merc staff,  they're such hard workers. I'm going to say it again. I just love those guys.  All right. I'm going to garnish the sliders  tonight with some basil leaves, so I'm getting those  into a container. Everything smells so good  in this kitchen. I love the smell of basil. Get the lid on. Along with the basil leaves, I'm also going to drizzle  on some balsamic glaze, so I've got that. Now I'm going to pack  everything up and go ahead and head to town, and on my way I'll tell you about the cocktail I have planned. Talk about a masterpiece. Up next, the lowdown on  the strawberry basil mojitos that I'm taking  to the painting class, where I'm exploring  a little of my artistic side. ♪♪ I'm heading to the merc in town for our weekly painting classes, and I'm taking canapes  and everything I need for strawberry basil mojitos. They're really delicious,  really easy to make. So far, I've made  the strawberry basil puree. ♪♪ I added 1 ounce of fresh basil  leaves to the processor along with 1 1/2 pounds of hulled  and quartered strawberries and 2 cups of lime juice. I pulsed it 10 times,  leaving a good bit of texture, and poured it  into a large container, made a second batch  and added that. Then I poured in simple syrup,  which is 2 cups of water and 2 cups of sugar heated until the sugar dissolves  and then cooled. I mixed everything together,  put it in two pitchers and chilled it until I was ready  to leave for town. So that's the puree base  for the mojitos, which I'll mix up  at the merc like this: First 1/2 a cup  of the strawberry basil puree, 2 ounces of light rum, lots of ice, a quick stir  and a splash of soda, then for garnish  a dramatic stalk of fresh basil and a wedge of lime. I'll finish the sliders with  a drizzle of balsamic glaze and a sprinkling  of basil leaves. Then I'll set out the food and everything for the cocktail. Okay, see you at painting class! I'm so excited and maybe  a little nervous. ♪♪ all right, painting  class students, come on up,  grab a mojito. So did you all drive or fly? Flew. Oh, you flew, good. No wonder you look so refreshed. And help yourselves to food, and those are zucchini  caprese sliders and also little hawaiian  chicken skewers and of course butterfly cookies. Thank you, aaron!  Absolutely, any time. Appreciate your help. So arkansas,  arizona and illinois. Oklahoma. Who has artistic ability? [ laughter ] oh, I feel so much better. If you guys are all ready,  you can come on over. We all do look a little scared,  I have to say. The first color we're going  to start with is going to be the blue  for the sky. ♪♪ I am embracing my inner monet. Oh, I got black in my blue. ♪♪ oh, that's so pretty. I love your brush strokes. I've learned that I am not good  at straight lines. Things are falling apart. ♪♪ I decided to embrace my flaws. ♪♪ hey, is everybody finished? I want to go see  everybody else's. Oh, my gosh, you guys! Oh!  I love it. I love the little detail  on there, how cute! Everybody say,  "straight lines." [ camera shutter clicks ] good job, ladies!  You did an amazing job! Thank you! Whoo-whoo! ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 