Scarborough: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Scarborough 
 s1e5 - The Continuing Misfortune Of Geraldine Payne - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Scarborough (2019): Season 1, Episode 5 - The Continuing Misfortune Of Geraldine Payne - full transcript 
 Karen and Geraldine wonder who might have told the police about Mrs Bookham's missing money. Mike and his boss interview for a new member of staff at the arcade. Geraldine meets a mystery investor. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 What do you think about us two moving in together? Moving in? I want to spend the rest of me life with you. Do ya? Geraldine tips all the money out of her bag. How much was there? This is confidential, isn't it? Gerry, are you OK? It's just that things are a bit strained at the moment, financially. Nobody refuses the Peronis. I don't want any trouble. I don't think you understand who you are dealing with. You've seen her fella, Tony Peroni. We're a very similar type, you know? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Why are you looking at two bedders? It's not like you're going to be having any kids now, is it? You what? I like to think I can do slightly better than the likes of Hayley Cox. You certainly can. Have you not seen Facebook? You what? Geraldine's been arrested! I'm sorry about the mugs, Karen, but my teapot's got a crack in it and my other's one's Spode, so it's only really for display. Right, biscuits. Raymond was so handsome, Gerry. You know he was once in a film? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I bet. He were bloody gorgeous. Who else was in it? I'm not sure. It was a training film on how to operate a lathe under EU regulations. I don't suppose there's much call for it now. Oh, bloody hell, Gerry, what have you put in that tea? Oh, sorry, you must've got mine. Just a small tot of sherry - purely medicinal. As you know, I don't really drink, but I did make a trifle over Christmas, and I bought a couple of bottles of Tio Pepe just to liven it up, you know? A couple of bottles? How big was the trifle? Oh, it was a two for one. Right, I need to talk to you before Lisa Marie gets here. Well, you'd better hurry up. She'll be here in a minute. First of all, thank you so much for coming to the police station yesterday. Of course we came. I'm just glad you got it sorted. Oh, well, you say that, they called me this morning. Who? The police? They say they have a witness who saw me with the money. Who? I'll get that. It'll be Lisa Marie. Not Lisa Marie? Well, let's find out. Oh. Yolanda? Yolanda? Yolanda! Not you. Oh, there you are. Where've you been? Put a bloody bell on you. I went out for some exercise. Exercise! What do you think this is - legs, bums and tums? Come on. Get back in your box. Lord Of The Rings won't read itself. I'm not reading Lord Of The Rings. I don't like Tolkien. No, I know you don't. I've had better conversations with the donkeys on the beach. J.R.R. Tolkien. Yes, I know. It was a joke. I'm not thick. What you onto now? Don Quixote. Hey, look at that. I just read your mind. I just said donkeys. I don't know why I bother. Captain Bombigsy, we have you surrounded. Put your weapons down and your hands up. Yeah. You all right? Yeah. Oh, shit, I gotta go, gotta go. Bye-bye. Hey, put your book down. It's Dr Death. Dr Death's here. All right, Brian? How goes it? Terrible. It's just taken me two hours to get here from Penistone. Two hours? What did you do - walk? Would've been quicker. Luckily I have as much faith in the A64 as I do Barnsley winning the Champions League, so I'm still 45 minutes early. Right, I'm going to get a decent coffee from next door. Won't be long. Oh, well, we're all right, thanks. What's that about? What? Dr Death - what's he doing here? Oh, you've got interviews today. Interviews! You make a terrible PA, Yolanda. Interviews aren't till the 16th. Oh, shit. Lisa Marie, we're not suggesting you've been gossiping. We all know what it's like. Scarborough's a small town. Look, I came here for a staff meeting and so far all you've done is treat me like a suspect. So you categorically didn't tell anybody about Geraldine taking Mrs Bookham's money? How many times? I didn't tell anybody. Not even Mandy? Brilliant. Oh, for goodness' sake. What? Mandy's me sister. Of course I'm going to tell her stuff. So much for not being a gossip. She's me sister. Now we know who told the police. Are you calling my sister a grass? I knew it was a mistake taking Mandy on cash-in-hand. You pay peanuts, you get monkeys. What? I beg your pardon? Geraldine, you can't go accusing Mandy of telling the police when she's not here. Exactly. Well, it's the only explanation. The only people who knew about that money were the people in this room. In this room. What? When we came back here the night Mrs Bookham died, you emptied the money out on that sofa. The only people that were in this room were me, you... ..and me mother. It's D-day. Maureen and Harry have a decision to make. Do they stay here in Bradford? Or do they go and take the plunge and put a deposit down on their two bedroom apartment in Albir in the sunny Costa Brava? Mam? Where would you say that dress is from? What? That dress she's wearing - where would you say it's from? I've no idea. Mam? It's New Look. I've seen it. Ha, you'd think they'd give them something better than New Look to wear on the BBC. Mother, I need to talk to you. Oh, forget that. I'm going mad. I'm on ITV. That explains everything... Mother! What?! Look, I need to speak to you. Well, make it snappy. I've got Mr Ferris coming round for coffee in half an hour. Did you tell anybody about the money that Geraldine had in her handbag the night Mrs Bookham died at the salon? Of course I didn't. Who am I going to tell? So, you didn't talk about it to the policeman who came here after Mr Ferris' break in? Oh, you have got to be kidding me. No, no, no, listen. We're fine, because it was completely off the record. Do you realise what you've done? Geraldine could go to prison for this. He said we were just having a natter. And if Geraldine gets locked up, what do I do for a job? I'll ring the police. I'll retract everything I said. Where are you going? I'm going to work. Oh, stay for a bit. Mr Ferris is coming round! I'm going to work! Can you do the towels, please, Lisa Marie? Yeah. Oh, Lisa Marie? I'm sorry. Sorry, I didn't catch that. I'm sorry. I'll say it as many times as you like. I'm truly and sincerely sorry. I'll do the towels. Oh, hello, Mandy, love. Can you go and help your sister with the towels, please? Geraldine, can I have a word? Yes, of course you can. I just want you to know I would never tell anybody anything about your business. Lisa Marie texted me. It was just a bit of a misunderstanding. I really like working here. I didn't think I would but I love it. And I'd love to learn more about hairdressing as well. I know I'm only here to tidy up and make tea but I used to have a Girl's World and I was really good at it. You know, where you pull the hair out of the top of the doll's head to style it? Well, you can't do that to our customers. I've seen more hair on a boiled sweet. But that's part of the skill. Take Mrs Dainty the other day - she came in looking like a dandelion, but after you finished with her she looked like Cheryl Cole. I think she looked more like George Cole, actually, but I'll take the compliment. Thank you, Mandy. That's very kind of you. Afternoon, Mrs Butterworth. My, you're looking well. Oh, thank you. Shall we get that coat off ya? Oh, I am sorry. About what? Well, walking through your front door and making a bolt for your smallest room. Well, when you've got to go, you've got to go. I'll shut that door. That's better. Your toilet window is painted over... Oh. ..and that smell could break up a picket line. Better out than in. So, how have you been? Not that regular, as you can probably tell. No, no, no, I meant after your burglary. Oh, I see. Well, I tell you something - I'm not a religious man, but I must say I'd like to see them crucified. I'd say bring back hanging, but it'd be too good for them. Milk and sugar? Yes, please, two sugars. Do you know - we had a break-in on Garfield Road. They smashed all my Capodimonte. I could've wept, but I didn't. I wasn't going to give them the pleasure. You never lived on Garfield Road? Mm, number 12. I was born in Number Ten. Never! When did you live there? George and I moved in there in '66 and we stayed there for ten years, so we moved here in '76. No, no, it was '77, actually, because I remember we were still packing the night before when we heard that Elvis had died. Ah. They played his songs on the wireless all night. George was in the pub but me and me mother, we sat amongst the plates and the newspapers and we cried and cried. I never met George. No, well, he died in '96. How old was he when he died, if you don't mind my asking? 52. Oh, I am sorry. That's no age at all, is it? No, and it broke my heart. But we had 30 wonderful, happy years and how many people can say that? Not me. But you were married, weren't you? Well, yes, I was - 25 years. None of them were happy or wonderful. Oh, that's a shame. Aye, it wasn't ideal. If I had to give you a word to describe Agatha it would be... ..unbearable. Oh, dear. Got married on the Friday. I never said a word to her till the following Monday. You didn't fall out from day one, did you? No. I just didn't want to interrupt. Oh, you, you devil! Oh, now tea. I'm hungry. Oh, you should've said. Now, er, I haven't got much in but I could rustle you up an omelette. You know what I really fancy? Mm? Fish and chips. Ooh, now, I've got some fish fingers in the freezer. I've got an app. A what? I've got an app. Tap in your order here, give the address and a lad will bring up two cod and chips to the front door on a bike in 15 minutes. Can you make it 20? Why's that? I like me batter crisp. Well, thank you, Wesley, it's been an unparalleled pleasure. Did I get it? I beg your pardon? I just wondered did I get it? Sorry, still not catching what you're saying. Did he get it? He's wondering if he got the job. Aye. I'm sorry, Wesley, I can't tell you that. We'll be in touch via the Jobcentre. Mam said I wouldn't get it, but I told her. I said, "Ma, I'll get it." I'm sorry, lad, I haven't got a clue what you're saying. He says that his mam said that he wouldn't get it but he thought that he might. Yeah. Ring the Jobcentre in the morning. What you saying - I didn't get it? No, you didn't get it, Wesley, and is there any wonder? Open your bloody mouth when you speak, man! Sorry. You didn't get it. I don't think I can take much more of this. I don't understand how half of these got interviews. We haven't got the manpower to process applicants, so they just get sent direct from the Jobcentre. It's not an ideal arrangement. Right, last one. Let's pray for an IQ in double figures. Come in! Bigsy? What you doing? I said I'd ring you back. I'm in the middle of interviews. Er, Barry Dixon, 1230. Sorry I'm late. Then he says because we know each other I've gotta step out of the room, so Bigsy can have some sort of impartial interview. Yolanda, are you listening to me? No. Well, thank you very much, Mr Dixon, we'll be in touch via the Jobcentre. Well, yeah, thank you very much, Mr De'ath and don't forget - just the tiniest bit of lemon juice. Oh, lifts the whole thing. Aye, I'll try that. Yeah. I'll see you in The Ship later, yeah? Yeah. Well, what a lovely fella. I beg your pardon? Why didn't you tell me you knew someone who used to work in Vegas casinos? Do I? With his experience he could be on the maintenance team in no time. Aye, not a bad result after a terrible start. Right, I'd better get back on that A64 if I don't want me dinner in the dog. I'll speak to you tomorrow. Bloody world's gone mad. What do you reckon, Yolanda? Yeah, thought as much. Well, there were far too many chips, but I have to say that fish was second to none. I'm glad to see you put your vinegar on first. Well, of course I do, else it'll wash all the salt off. Exactly. You try telling people that - they pay no notice. There's a word for those people - buffoons. I like you, Marion. You pull no punches. And I like you too, Des. It's funny, though - ten years as neighbours and then it takes something like a break-in to get us talking properly. Well, when you first moved in I thought you were the sort of man who'd prefer to keep himself to himself. Well, yes, you're right - I was. Well, there's nothing wrong with that. I was going through a very significant period of my life. Pivotal, you might say. Well, divorce can be very stressful. I know my daughter went through absolute torment when she and her husband parted. No, it wasn't the divorce. That came as something of a relief. It was something else. Oh? Marion, I don't want to put you on the spot, but can I be candid with you? Is everything all right? When my marriage ended, through no fault of my own, I realised I was free. Free... to be me. Marion, I'm... I'm so pleased to spend some time with you. Was there something more you wanted to say? Nothing that won't keep. I'd best be off. Oh, you don't have to go. No, I'd better. I've got some brisket in my slow cooker. I'd better keep an eye on it. I'm making some meat and potato pies. Maybe I can bring you one round tomorrow? Oh, I'd like that. Oh, I've had a lovely afternoon. So have I, Des, so have I. Marion? Mm? This may seem inappropriate, but can I give you a hug? Come here. I'll be off. Right, I'll see you out. And I want one of them pies tomorrow. One of them? I bought five pound of brisket - we'll be eating those for the rest of the month. Thank you. Can I get you a glass of something while you're waiting? Well, I don't really drink. Um, maybe something light? A sparkling water? Not that light! What white wines do you have? We've got a nice Pinot Grigio. Is there such a thing? Pinot's very popular with the locals. Yes, so was Gaddafi. I'll have a glass of the Sancerre, please. Very large. Thank you. Vito, you're looking well. Mrs Payne. Mr Peroni. Lovely to meet you at last. Please call me Tony. Oh! I'm Geraldine. Of course. Beautiful name. Oh, thank you. I was named after my father. Oh, he was Gerald, obviously. What would you like to drink? I've ordered a small white wine. No, I said I didn't want the sparkling water. The water is for me. Oh, well, if you're not drinking, I won't. No, no, I insist. Well, if you put it like that. I do. You, Mr Peroni, are a very persuasive man. I like to think so. So, that's it, is it? Case closed? I'm sure you can appreciate how busy we are, Mr Ferris. That wasn't my question. Are you still looking for the person who broke into my house? Every burglary in the area is of concern to us. We'd never think of you as merely a statistic. What's your favourite colour? I beg your pardon? What's your favourite colour? Why do you want to know that? I don't. I just wanted to see if you're capable of answering a straightforward question. We'll be in touch if we gain any more intelligence. Out of the mouths of babes. I'm sorry? He's got a point, though. Er, rinsing mugs? Are you trying to put my sister out of a job? It's all right. I'm quite enjoying it. Have you done Mrs Dodd's comb up? No. Oh, Lisa Marie, I'm ready to go. Mandy did it. What? Oh, my God. Is it no good? Well, for a first time it's brilliant, but where did you learn to do this? Er, it runs in the family. Well, I don't know what to say. Right, well, if you've finished gawping I've got drains to clean. I'll settle up with Gerry when I see her. Yes, absolutely. Thank you, Mrs Dodd. 'king hell. You smashed it. Well, you kept that quiet. So, let me just get this absolutely clear, Mrs Norris. You're saying that at no point did you see Mrs Payne with any money? What? Geraldine? No. And when you told PC Merrick you'd seen Mrs Payne empty thousands of pounds on her sofa, you were actually remembering, and I quote, "A scene from a television documentary "I watched that night where a woman had embezzled "money from a charity for dogs with no legs." That's right. So, if we look in the TV listings for that night, we should be able to find this documentary. Oh, I imagine so, though my memory's not what it used to be. Oh, will you look at that? I've put milk in the teapot again. Yeah, I found my slippers in the fridge the other day. See, I get so confused. Oh, now, what were you saying about cats with no legs? Thank you for your time, Mrs Norris. PC Merrick? Just one more thing, Mrs Norris. Who's our current Prime Minister? Oh, that's easy, it's Des O'Connor. Thank you, PC Merrick. We'll see ourselves out. And the same on the following pages where it is marked and then all the signatures again, the second contract, which is your copy. I can't tell you what a relief this is, Tony. I hope you didn't mind me drawing up a contract, just in case we agree terms. Who wouldn't agree on these terms? I mean, it's literally just one, two, three... ..22 points of agreement, you know, or whatever, to, um, cover you and me in case of... Well, you know, in case one of us decides to, um, you know, I mean, well, it's just... It's just to make everything official, isn't it? I couldn't have put it better myself. Can I just check something, as I'm a bit confused? Please, anything. The £10,000 you'll spend on the salon... ..that's separate from my £10,000. Well, not mine, of course, I mean the business. The remodelling budget is 10,000, the other 10K is for you to spend as you please. It's like a dream come true. You've earned this money, Gerry. You put 35 years of your life into this business. Finally it is payday. Tony, I have been absolutely fraught with worry. Those days are behind you. You cannot lose. Your position as manageress is secure and you will take home a weekly wage, as outlined in the contract, as long as the salon is making a profit. And it will make a profit, won't it? Because of all the renovations we're having done. You know, Gerry, you are very naughty. Here at Giovanni's, we try to create an understated ambience but your smile... That smile is lighting up my entire restaurant. To the salon! To Geraldine's Of Scarborough. Here's to the Vidal Sassoon of Scarborough. It were just a comb up. Hey, do you think we should ask Geraldine if Mandy can do some styling? I think we should introduce Mandy's hidden talents very slowly. Bugger that. If you're as good as they say you are, open your own salon - see how Geraldine likes that. Hey, guess what? What? You know that thing I put on Facebook about us looking for a flat? No. What you telling people our business for? Oh, shut up, you misery. Guess who replied? Someone with a flat to rent? Well, yeah, obviously, but who? I've no idea. Give us a question on sport. Mrs Higginbottom. Used to live next door to us down on Westover Road? Oh, Mrs Higginbottom. Why didn't I think of that? Well, you won't be so sarcastic when I tell you what she's offered us. Her son's two-bed flat above hers. £300 a month. What's wrong with it? Nothing. He's got chronic OCD, like his mother, so it'll be spotless. What, it's definitely available? Yeah. Six months? Yeah, well, longer if he likes his new job. I mean, I don't mind moving again after six months, not for £300 a month. We can go see it on Monday. Wow. Looks like we'll be moving in together sooner than we thought. Right, when you open your own salon, I want me hair all long and curly on the one side. It was just a comb up. I don't know nothing about cutting hair. The last thing Scarborough needs is another hair salon right now. We're lucky if Geraldine's stays open. Oh, don't say that, I've only just started. Kaz? Well, the salon is going through a few problems at the moment. How bad is it? I think it's pretty serious. Geraldine had a meeting today with a potential investor, so we won't know what's happening until after that meeting. I think it went all right. Well, do you want the good news or the good news? You all right, Geraldine? Oh, am I all right? Am I all right? Oh, yeah, yeah, Karen, I'm certainly all right. Have you had your meeting? I did, and I can safely say Geraldine Payne is back in business. What, have you bought a pub? A what? An off-licence? So, have you got your investor? I went into that meeting for a minor investment to keep us afloat and I came away with a £10,000 refurbishment, guaranteed income and a tidy nest egg for myself. Geraldine, that's amazing. Oh, my God. Look at you, we'll get you on that Dragons' Den. Oh, we're saved. After 35 years of business, Geraldine's Of Scarborough is saved. Who is this investor? I might try and get a couple of quid for myself. Oh, a lovely fella. He's also said he'll mentor me in the running of the business, too. Ooh. His name's Tony Peroni. You know, the Peroni's ice creams? More glasses! We need more glasses! Surf the internet with browser of future osdb.link/brave 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 