Being Erica: Season 2, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Being Erica 
 s2e9 - A River Runs Through It... It Being Egypt - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Being Erica (2009–2011): Season 2, Episode 9 - A River Runs Through It... It Being Egypt - full transcript 
 Erica is on strained terms with Kai because he had sex with Sam after she told him to look after her. It doesn't help when Erica tries to avoid him, but still runs into him both in her professional and personal life. She's not sure what the connection is to her current problems, but Dr. Tom decides to send Erica back to a time in high school when she and Leo had a house party, which resulted in Gary's beloved "mid life crisis car" getting trashed. Gary was never more angry with her than over that incident, and his and Leo's relationship never recovered. In going back, Erica believes that Leo's blind loyalty to his friend Robin is the cause of the car getting destroyed and for Leo and Gary's fallout. But Erica ultimately learns to see the truth behind the façade. She has to apply that truth when Kai asks her a question. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Being Erica"... You've been an amazing brother, and you've always been that way. You are patient and good and strong. Erica, what's wrong? Why you crying? No! What is going on? I left Josh. That's not how it was, I mean... it wasn't just me. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sam wanted it, too. She initiated it. Wow. I'm not leaving without you. Sam... Sam! Coffee? Uh, no, I'll just drink the stuff at work. Are you sure? We have time. You know, I don't really like the coffee there anymore. .0000 Plus, it's... it's... overpriced and it's crowded and-- It's always been overpriced and crowded. This is about Kai, isn't it? Yes, okay? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 He took advantage of Sam when she was vulnerable. And to be honest, he's the last person I want to see right now. They say the truth will set you free. But no one bothers to mention that the truth can be a tricky thing. Um, I'll see you after work. Hey, let's go out tonight, have some fun. What do you say? How's that sound? Bye, gotta go. Bye. The fact is that getting to the truth is not easily done. Too often it gets buried or misplaced or tucked away where no one can find it. Okay, so, she works in non-fiction, she wears orthopedic shoes, and clearly, she is not a he. Oh, would you just tell me your gossip already? You know you want to. Okay, fine. It's Dori. And Zeke, the mail guy, has been making special deliveries, if you know what I'm saying. Oh, really? It's nice to have the old Brent back. I mean, you were so down for a while, honestly, I... I thought that you were gonna quit. Moi? Never. The Brent is not a quitter. Ah--aah! Did you pinch me? Follow me right now. Julianne, what? Your "bestie" sold me out, to Galvin, to Scott, and then they turned around and gave him Friedken's book. He's a liar, and he's a Brutus, he's a Judas! Julianne, just calm down for a second, Brent, he's not a Judas. He sent emails trashing me. I saw them, Erica. Oh, my God. And I am not gonna let-- that ungrateful traitor take me down. So, "The Sex Scoop", it has to be stellar. Oh, it will be. I am all over it. Okay. I'm trusting you. I'm gonna make some tea, get things organized in the board room. Kai should be here in a few minutes. Uh, Kai Booker? Yeah. He's our first case study. Didn't you get my email? No. Hey, Erica. Missed you this morning, Thought maybe you could use a vanilla latte. Thanks. Well, Alexis is waiting for us in the boardroom, so... Oh, sure, but, hey, before we go in, don't you think we should just talk about what happened? What is there to talk about? What's there to talk about? There's Sam, and what you said about me. You said I was selfish, inconsiderate... An asshole. Hello Kai. All set? Shall we? Yeah. The real question is, if one day you stumbled upon the truth, would you even know it? Would you even recognize it for what it was? ♪ Being Erica 2x09 ♪ A River Runs Through It...It Being Egypt Original Air Date on November 17, 2009 -- Sync, corrected by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- ♪ it's clearer inside of me ♪ ♪ who I will always be ♪ ♪ open me up to my heart ♪ ♪ it feels like I'm seeing in the dark ♪ ♪ waking me up to my heart ♪ ♪ to do it all over again and again ♪ ♪ until the end ♪ ♪ the sum of my dreams ♪ ♪ and everything I ever wanted to be ♪ Orientation? Uh, north-northwest. Straight. And how would you describe your level of experience? I'd say it's, uh... extensive. Don't worry Kai, we're following in the tradition of Kinsey, we're not here to judge. Right, Erica? No, no judgment here. You can totally trust us. So, "extensive." interesting. Many men have difficulty finding willing partners, but not you. Why is that? I guess I'm good at reading a woman's, uh... signals. When they're drunk or sober? Okay, let's, uh, let's talk about a recent encounter. As an instructive example. Mm. The last woman you had sex with. Ooh. Oh, wow, This is awkward. No, Kai, please, go ahead, Tell us how you read her signals. Fine. Um, fine. She was a customer, she was in a bad state, she'd just left her husband, and she wanted to have some fun and get her mind off of things. Oh, so she was a customer? I guess then you gave her great customer service? That's one way of putting it, yeah. Kai, can you excuse us for a moment? No, Kai, that's fine. I just remembered that I have some calls to attend to, so, we'll debrief later. Erica Strange. Hey, it's Sam. Hey. Is it a bad time? No, it's fine. How are you? You know, stuck at mom's. No job. Living the dream. Hey, listen, what are you doing tonight? 'cause Ethan and I we're thinking about going out. Do you want to join us? Really? Oh, that would be amazing. Good. Hey, you haven't seen Kai around at all, have you? Why? No reason. I was just wondering if maybe he'd asked about me or... No, you know, I haven't seen him. So, I'll call you later about tonight. Okay, bye. Bye. We could go to the Drake. That's always fun. You know, Kai, he looks right at me and basically says, "I got it on with your sister. Oh, yeah, I gave it to her." Or we could try this is London. Sitting in the board room, just totally shameless. Well, you asked him about his sex life. What was he supposed to say? Are you mad at me? No, I just want to know where we're going. And I know you're upset, but, come on, you can't be surprised. Why not? Because the guy is a womanizer. He's all flash no substance. Yeah. This is London sounds perfect. Okay? J--what are you doing here? Well, you haven't been answering my calls, so... You can't just show up like this. Sam, just give me another chance. I love you. What more do you need? I need you to go back to London. We're not gonna make any decisions right now. How come you're all dressed up? Because I'm going out with Erica and Ethan. Josh, please... Go. ♪ let's have some fun, this beat is sick ♪ ♪ I wanna take a ride on your disco stick ♪ ♪ huh! ♪ You are such a sweetheart. I know this isn't your favorite thing to do. Well, as long as you don't make me hold your purse or dance, I'm happy. Oh my God! Is that Kai? Double date, fun. Hey, look who I brought! Hi. Kai! You're here! ♪ hold me and love me ♪ So, Kai, let's get some drinks. What's wrong? Nothing. Look, I'm just worried about you, Sam. I don't think that Kai is the kind of guy you want to have a rebound with. Actually, he's exactly the kind of guy. The other night was the best sex I've ever had in my life. Are you upset that I invited him? Is it weird because you guys are friends? No, no, no, it's fine. Look, just-- just be careful, okay, 'cause I don't want you to get hurt. Erica, I am a big girl. I got this all under control. I can't believe-- I can't believe he actually used the words "flight risk." Like I'm some kind of felon. I put seven years of my life into that hospital. I think you should tell your old boss he's full of shit. That'll convince him to give you your job back. And you know what I think, Sam? I think you should take the time to find out who you are and what you want. And screw everybody else. Reinvent. Reinvent. Just throw your life away, just like that. Wow, that's good advice. Unfortunately for Sam, she lives in the real world, unlike some people. You want to dance? Love to. Yeah? ♪ two hearts are beating together ♪ ♪ I'm in love... ♪ Could you at least try to be nice? Sam obviously likes him. Yeah, and she liked Josh, too. Look where that got her. ♪ I'm in love, whoo ♪ ♪ I'm in love, whoo ♪ ♪ two hearts bre beating together ♪ ♪ I'm in love, whoo ♪ Thank you. Hey, you see what I see? Oh, no. Where's Sam? Look, Josh, don't do this. Get out of the way. I'm not letting you go out there. Move! You followed me here? Josh, go home! You think I'm gonna leave you here, while some horny little bastard puts his hands all over you? Not a chance! What's the problem, Josh? Everything's under control, man. Okay? You get the hell out of here! Look, come on, come on. Get off me. You need to cool down, okay? This is between me and my wife. She doesn't want to be your wife anymore. Would you shut up! Nobody's asking you! Come on, can we please just calm down and talk about this? No, we can't talk about it! What, are you on recess duty? I'm gonna call security. You go ahead and call security, you ball-busting bitch. Josh. Go to hell, asshole.. ♪ I'm in love, whoo ♪ ♪ two hearts are beating together ♪ ♪ I'm in love, whoo ♪ ♪ I'm in love, whoo ♪ ♪ is this forever and ever ♪ Hey, look, I'm really sorry about tonight. Sorry for what? You were great. No, I wasn't. I didn't do anything. Of course you did. I mean, you talked to him, And you tried to reason. I just stood there and let him say those things. I let Kai be the one. The one dumb enough to start a fight? It's not dumb to stand up for you and Sam. Look, you--you did what you thought was right, and... and it's over now, so let's just let it go, okay? It's all good. Okay. Dr... Rocky? That's great workout. But you know what the best thing about this is, is that it's a terrific stress reliever. Hmm. Here, why don't you give it a go? Oh, no, I'm okay. No, really, give it a try. For me. Yeah. Try it again, but this time... just dig down a little deeper there. Just direct it, you know, right into your fist. I don't have any inner angst! Right. Well, then who was that one directed at? That was for you for abandoning me on my last session. I think you did pretty great. That's for Brent. Hmm. Josh. And most of all... That's for Kai. Kai. Well, let's talk about Kai, then. What did Kai do to deserve that fine roundhouse? What did he do? Uh, he's a self-serving pig. He went after my sister, After I asked him to watch out for her. He is completely selfish. Did he hurt her? Did he break her heart? No, not yet, but he will After he dumps her for his next flavor of the week. So tell me about dad's car. Okay, I don't really see the connection, But... It was the mid-life crisis-mobile. My dad loved that car. And he kept it in the garage, and no one was allowed to touch it, let alone drive it. I'm getting a bad feeling about this one. So, my mom and dad, they took Sam to Buffalo for some mathlete competition, and Leo and I, we had the house to ourselves for the entire weekend. His friend Robin convinced us to have this big party. So, we used the car to go and get alcohol. It was so much fun. Jude came and... Zach, of course. But the best part was it was just me and Leo hanging out, Hosting. I think that it was one of the best times we ever had together. And he was-- he was hilarious. He was so much fun, just... But unfortunately we forgot about the car and we left it in the driveway. The car that we're barely allowed to look at, and... someone got to it. My dad was beside himself. He lost it on us. It was weeks before he would even talk to me again. I think it was the angriest my dad's ever been with me. And I felt awful. But Leo had the worst of it. My dad went crazy on him. He said these things that he could never take back. Their relationship, it never really recovered, and then... Well, as you know, um, it was too late. So, if I could go back and do it all over-- you'd park the car in the garage? At the very least. And then, you know, the car would be safe, and we could still have the party, and... and maybe dad and Leo, they could've worked things out. Even just a little bit before he died. Dr. Tom, what if I'm not ready to go back and see Leo? I just feel really anxious all of a sudden. I know. I'll tell you what-- why don't you try to work out some of that stuff right now? Just direct it right at the bag, okay? Okay. Aah! Jeez, Erica. Leo. I, uh... Leo, I'm--I'm so, so sorry. Not being a sexist pig here, but you punch like a girl, okay? I'm fine. I'll show you a punch. You want to see a real punch? Okay, stop it, idiot. Come on, you guys, We gotta get this stuff in the car. How much booze did you buy? Not enough. We're gonna get so freaking hammered tonight! Aah! Well, we can't go too wild, right? Mom and dad are away till Monday, it's a hot summer weekend, some steam to blow off, and a whole lot of... Dude, butterscotch schnapps? Girls like it. Shotgun! Hey, look, I'm all about us having fun, but I just think we can't let things get too out of control, right? Nothing bad is gonna happen, all right? You promise? Yes, little sister who acts like a big sister. Oh, Leo, please, just easy on the car, okay? And I'm driving. Whoo-hoo! Whoo-hoo! Hey! Keep it coming. A little faster. Oh, my foot! Oh my God, you ran over my foot! Oh, my God. Oh, my... You are such an idiot! In your face... Cut it out. Leo, am I close enough? I don't want to hit the wall. You still got like 2 feet. Pull back some more. Far enough! There. Good. You gonna relax now? Don't worry, as long as we're vigilant, this could be fun. Vigilant? Careful. You know what I mean. All I'm worried about is being late for my own party, bubbe. Turned 45 on the ride over. Trust me, it was worth it. Do you think Robin's cute? I think he's a spoiled little smartass. And if you see him going anywhere near the garage, you let me know. Okay, paranoid much? You never know who's capable of what, right? Besides, it's my party, I can be paranoid if I want to. Well, if you're so concerned about Casa Strange, why you putting chips in the good bowls? Because chips go in bowls. Yeah, when you're like 30, mom. Uh, can you pass me a purple wine cooler? Ooh, big mistake, Jude. Huge. Da da daa! No ball in the house. Whoa, someone needs to take a downer. Party, party, party! Ha ha! Rrrr. Hello. Easy there, tiger. If your cheap-ass brother is gonna charge me admission, I deserve me some grabbage. He's doing what? Yeah, go look for yourself. Alley-oop. Heads up. Hey, Zach said that you're charging cover? Yeah, you cannot charge people, man. Seriously, it's, uh... It's totally in-hospital. Nice word, dork. I'm just being vigilant, making some money, and keeping the jokers out of our house. Mm, my brother, the entrepreneur. Your brother the cheapskate! Where's my money, weasel? I told you, Mike, I'm all paid up. The way I look at it, you're about $200 in the hole. Mike, why don't you and your crack ho girlfriend go back to Jilly's so she can work the night shift and get the hell out of my face, okay? Whoa! Chill, man, chill, all right? Robin, back off. Please just... Just take these and go. Please. This is just getting started. ♪ I'm the cream of the crop, I rise to the top ♪ ♪ I never eat a pig cause a pig is a cop ♪ ♪ or better yet a terminator like Arnold Schwarzenegger ♪ ♪ tryin' to play me out... ♪ Okay, who's that? Some guy Robin knows. He says I owe him for this weed I didn't buy like two weeks ago. Robin, what kind of world do you live in? This is our house. It's okay, Erica. It's over. Just have a beer and enjoy yourself. Leo, what if it's not? I mean, what if he comes back? He won't. And if he does, I'll deal with it, like I did just now. Don't worry, I'm on it. Trust me? Trust me? Beers. Party! ♪ jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump ♪ ♪ jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump ♪ ♪ jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, ♪ ♪ jump, jump, jump... ♪ Oh, my God! Zach, what the hell? It's bigger than you thought, right? Ugh. Zack, you stink. You stink like beer and teenage boy. I'll just put some more paco rabanne on. Whoa, get off of me. Oh, no-no-no-no. This is not happening and I put the car in the garage! What's going on? Leo! Leo, get out here! Those bastards can't be too far. Come on, watch me, I'm gonna cream 'em. Zach! Zach, wait! Hey, what happed? Did you see anything? No, we were crashed out and we heard these noises. Somebody was in the garage trashing the car. Well, no shit Sherlock. We chased him out, but... too late. You don't understand how destroyed dad's gonna be. We need to call the police. No, no, no cops. What are you talk-- what are you talking about?! Somebody broke in and trashed the car. Of course cops! Sorry, I... Look, I gotta split, man, I gotta work tomorrow, So... later. Oh, what, he's just leaving? What kind of a friend is that? Just come inside. We don't have to wake everybody up, do we? Get off me. Who breaks into a garage just to trash a car? It happens. Well, we have to get it fixed before mom and dad come back on Monday. Ha. Total "Risky Business" style. Word. Do you think it was Mike? Who's Mike? He was that drug dealer guy that Leo turned away. Robin owes him money, so maybe it's like, I don't know, payback. Whoa. Some serious gangster shit. Leo, is that who you saw? Because he said that this wasn't over. It was dark, but, yeah. Yeah, I think it was Mike. Oh, great. That's great. So Robin is on the wrong side of a drug dealer-- which is why you can't call the cops. You can't blame Robin for this. Yes, actually, I can. Look, I'm wiped. I'm going back to bed. Leo, if we don't fix this, then dad, he's gonna flip out. It's gonna get ugly, and you don't want that. We'll deal with this in the morning. Scrape damage on rear like someone drive against a pole. Window bashed in, like gorilla with a baseball bat. Uh... ca--mm. How much to fix it? Today. No, not possible. Two days, $2,000 dollars. Best I can do. Okay, so how much money do you have? I don't know? A couple hundred from the door last night, maybe a grand in my account that I got back when I quit university. You? Oh, no way, Robin's your friend, Erica-- he can cover the rest. But he's the reason that this happened! Would you calm down? I'm not asking my friend for money. Okay, fine, we'll ask his parents. Jesus. when did you get so bossy? Stop pushing me! It's amazing, you know? You stand beneath a car, there's always so much more going on underneath than you're aware of. You know, your talents, they never cease to amaze me. Aw, thanks. So, good times. Leo and I, we're at each other's throats and my dad's car is trashed all over again. Well, did you park it in the garage? Yes, I parked it in the garage! It is Robin's fault for inviting that Mike guy. So this guy brings his hemi in to us for a battery replacement. You know, convinced that that's what it needed. Well, we examined the truck, and clearly, it was the alternator. Okay, you lost me at hemi. Well, the guy got very annoyed with us. Refused to believe what we were telling him, and then proceeded to drive a faulty alternator through two more batteries before he got to it. That's just like Leo. He's got this blind spot for Robin and he refuses to see what a loser he is and that he's just dragging him down. "all truths are easy to understand "once they are discovered. The point is to discover them." Galileo. Right. Oh, crap. Guys, look on your driveway. You said they weren't coming back until Monday. Oh, she must've called your parents. Hey. Who's up for Canada's Wonderland? We're going to Wonderland?! Yeah! Let's party! Leo, this is hardly the time. Look, it's where Robin works. We'll get the money from him, beg that mechanic to fix the car today, and if he can't, at least we'll have the money for dad to fix it. All right? I guess that would be better. That's why I'm the big brother. Okay, can we park a little bit farther away, like, uh, Vancouver? This is ridiculously far. The window's broken. Do you want to just leave it parked around tons of people? Someone could steal it. Then why didn't you drop us off at the front gate? All right, okay, the next person that whines takes the TTC back downtown! Do you want the money or not? I'm sorry, guys, he's not acting like himself today. If you want, you can stay with the car. Huh! No way, Jose! Yo, them rides is calling my name! Zach! Zach! Ooh, look! Funnel cakes! Can we share one? Erica, come on. No, Judith. Later, okay? Hey, is that him? Yeah. You guys are living the life. I mean, really? Who needs university? His mom makes him pay rent, dumbass. Hey, look, Leo, I'll go with you. Whoa, no! No, you're not. Dude, Robin's my friend and the last thing I need is you busting his ass. Stay here. Oh man, he told you what time it is! Flava flav! Eh, yo, guys. Check it, check it. It's the wildebeest! I am going to tame her and make her mine! So, did you get the money? Yeah, we just gotta wait until he has lunch and then we'll drive him to the bank. He's coming through for us, all right? Oh, Leo, that is a such a relief. So, does that mean I can get my funnel cake now? Yes. Let's go. Mmmm! Remember that time on Center Island when you ate all that candy floss and threw up all over the carousel? Yes, I remember, no thanks to you. See? Half an hour ago you were pissed at me, but now look-- we're getting our money, we're eating funnel cakes. It's all good. I told you to trust me. Well, it's not like I had no reason to be upset. Erica, come on. I mean, ever since the liquor store you've been acting like mom. No, I haven't. It's just, you don't want to go to university, I get it. You need to follow your own path... Yeah, but what? Come on, Erica, spell out the big mistake I'm making with my life. It's you and dad... you two are going off the rails. Tell me something I don't know. But do you? Because it seems to me like you're willing to sacrifice your relationship with him to protect Robin. Who, I'm sorry to say, but, Leo, he's dragging you down. Okay, Erica. Loud and clear. Just... don't be mad anymore. I don't like it when you're mad at me. I'm not mad at you, I... Hey, you know what? Finish the funnel cake. Hey, I want us to go to the Kettles... To see if I can exact my revenge... Ugh... Come on! ♪ baby, let's move 'cause you know ♪ ♪ that the light here really hurts my eyes ♪ ♪ I come from a world where the light is dim ♪ ♪ and the people not so jive ♪ ♪ so fine ♪ ♪ you know it's gonna be ♪ ♪ so come on, come on, come on, come on, baby ♪ ♪ come on if you want it to be ♪ ♪ oowatanite ♪ ♪ everything'll be all right ♪ ♪ come on, come on, love me tonight ♪ ♪ and I'll be yours till the sun comes up ♪ Just don't barf in the car. I've been looking for you guys everywhere. You ready to go or what? Yeah, let's do it. All right. Are you sure you parked in lot "W"? I'm sure we did. I even wrote it down. No way. What, somebody stole it? Oh, come on! You've got to be kidding me! Erica! That-- We're in front of the waterfall, we'll be here until 2:30. Copy that. Security's calling the cops and they'll meet you here to make a report. Dad is gonna explode. We'll find the car. You don't know that. Leo, we should call them and just tell them what happened. We're just gonna tell 'em it's stolen, right? I mean, leave it at that. Leo. It makes total sense. The dickwad that stole the car, he also messed it up. It keeps everything nice and clean. Erica. Erica. You aren't a great bullshit detector, right? No, that's why you're a great lawyer. Uh yo...someday you will be...uh... Listen, you're worried about the car, it gets broken into, and then Leo parks it somewhere safe and it's stolen? So, what are you saying? Don't get mad or anything, but, come on... What if Leo knows who stole the car and what they did with it? You think that it was that Mike guy, right? This is the last thing you want to hear right now, but it's so obvious. Leo and Robin are behind all of this. Right. Okay, so, well, if the car really was stolen, then Leo would still have the keys, right? Hey, Leo. Can I have the keys? Uh... Uh... Why? I just want to give the key ring back to dad. I gave it to him for his birthday. Right. Um... Shit. I don't know what happened... w-wait, wait, wait, um... The beast! I must've lost 'em on the ride. Robin? What? What are you-- what? What are you-- Sis... So you were just gonna leave it out here with the window broken? I thought the closer to the park, the faster the cops would find it. Oh, wow. That makes you a real prince, Leo. So, are you gonna tell me what happened, what really happened? Are you sure you want to know? Yes. Robin wanted to go for a burger run. I said I was good to drive, but... I wasn't. Backed into a pole at the drive-thru. Drunk driving? You're lucky it was just the pole. And so what about the rest of it? I mean, how did the window get broken? I panicked. And so I came up with this idea on the ride home that if we mess the car up it'll look like someone from the party did it. I can't believe I'm hearing this. I know, it was stupid. No, it's pathetic. And you lied to me. Do you know what it's been like since I quit university? I'm a constant disappointment to mom and dad. Everything I do is further proof that I'm a directionless loser. Oh, come on, Leo. Don't put this on them. You said it yourself. I'm on my own path, and they hate it. No, they hate that you're hanging out with Robin all day, You're skateboarding and acting like a teenager! Leo, that's not a path, it's a detour. You were willing to sell Robin and Mike out, and if I hadn't figured out your insane plan, you would've sold me out, too. That is not true. Believe me, Leo, it is. You would've stood there and you would have said nothing to mom and dad. You take my car out, after a night of drinking, after having a party at my house! Dad, please, please, please! I know that you're mad, but he made a mistake, okay? He panicked. You're not actually making excuses for him, are you? And here's the most pathetic thing, Leo-- you're too old to be grounded! And you're too old to be acting like some rebel without a brain! When did you turn into such a-- Dad! Please, don't. I'm serious. I'm sorry. Yeah? Well, sorry doesn't cut it. And it doesn't fix a thing! Erica, are you okay? Yeah, no, I'm fine. I just... These heels are hard to walk in. Drink some water. Thank you. You got quiet all of a sudden. Mm, just a... crazy day. Processing. Evening. Isn't it morning already? It's 3 am. The bridge between night and day. And a perfect time for self-reflection. So you couldn't sleep either, huh? Charter member of the insomniacs club. Please. Thank you. So, I've been, you know, going over the session, over and over it in my head, and I'm torn about Leo. Really? Even after he drove drunk and trashed your dad's car and lied about it? Well, when I watched my dad go after him, just the way that he tore into Leo, it's no wonder that he was driven to the edge. And I always thought that he could do no wrong... So is that what I'm supposed to realize, that, you know, Leo wasn't perfect, and that Kai, he isn't the devil, and that people aren't black and white? No. Fine, then. What is it? I mean, what is so important for me to learn that you had to tarnish all the memories of my brother? "truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away." Elvis Presley. Well, good night. Hey. Usual? Kai... Yesterday... I was a little-- Judgmental? Rude? Yeah, and I'm here to apologize. Why? Well, because... because... I get that you're not a bad person. You just make some bad choices. Well, thank you, Dr. Erica. Why don't you try talking to me like a normal person and not my damned therapist? I'm here because I wanted to have an honest, open, intelligent dialogue. With me? A juvenile musician with poor impulse control. Aw, gee, I'm flattered somebody as perfect and accomplished as you would even consider talking to me. I came here looking for the truth and to see the real you. And this is the real you. Hey, there's lot of other places to buy coffee. Oh, yeah? And there are a lot of other women to sleep with, women who aren't my sister! Oh, so that's what this is? I don't that it's right that you're screwing around with Sam's heart. With Sam's heart. Or yours? Be honest, Erica. Are you angry, or are you jealous? Oh. Did you get my email about Melinda's farewell gift? I'm desperate for your input. Whatever you think. Hello. Straight guy over here could use a little direction. I was thinking mani-pedi, but that's so done. Brent, is it... Is it true that you're taking Friedken's book from Julianne? Yes. Hate me all you want. No, I don't hate you. I'm just shocked that you would do that. Listen, Julianne's ship is taking on water--fast. And I want you to make it to shore. Look, appreciate that, I do. But she gave me my shot. She's a friend, and I'm not just gonna abandon her. I'm disappointed in you, Erica. Yeah. The feeling's mutual. This afternoon I thought we'd go to the reference library archive. Sure. Good. And I thought it'd interesting to go over some of the more inter-- Oh! Uh, hello! Hello. Uh... can we... help you? Yes. I'd heard you were seeking case studies. You're doing a book on modern sexuality? No, we're full. Yes, that's us! Forgive us, we're a little disorganized today. I didn't think I had anyone booked until 10:00, Mr., uh... Dr. Tom. Oh, medical doctor or ph.D.? Ph.D. Specializing in, uh, metaphysics. The theory of time travel. Uh... Since you've chosen to come in on your own, Dr. Tom, I'm assuming there's something specific You'd like to discuss? Uh, yes, as a matter of fact. Uh, infidelity. You know, where does it-- where does it begin? Interesting. Tell us more. Well, uh... there is a woman. Uh, no, not my partner. And to be honest, I find this woman to be infuriating. You know? Brash, she's headstrong. But, I don't know, deep inside she's like this... melody that keeps playing in the back of my mind. You can tune out a melody. Oh, I've tried that. It's not so easily done. Uh, ear worms, I think you call them. You know those songs you get in your head and you just can't get rid of them? Oh my goodness, that happens to me all the time. Oh. Mostly the gypsy kings. You can distract yourself, you can turn the music up really loud... do everything it takes to avoid seeing... to avoid seeing what's right in front of you. Like with Leo. Who's Leo? My brother. He betrayed me and... and I didn't want to see it. He was a great brother. But he also had some serious flaws. I'm sorry, do you two know each other? It's so much easier to live in denial. We do it to protect ourselves from the things we don't want to acknowledge. But if we do that, then we're just living a lie. No matter what we tell ourselves. "the truth is incontrovertible/ "malice may attack it, "ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is." Winston Churchill. They say that the truth will set you free. But I'm more interested in what they don't say. Look, I know that you can get a coffee anywhere, but I happen to really like the coffee here. And that is that the truth hurts, that it can be dangerous. Comin' up. So, I'm not banned? Now, let's be honest, you're my best customer. And you tip large. Look, do you-- do you have a second? You were just trying to smooth things over and I wouldn't let you. The truth is, it was wrong what happened with Sam. Oh Kai, you know, you do not owe me an explation. Yeah, I do. You asked me to look out for her, and I was... I was--I was me, I was weak, and I need to own up to that. And, uh, I have to own up to something, too. You asked if I was jealous. Yeah, I shouldn't have said that. No, it... It was the right question. I mean, I'm not saying that I want to leave Ethan, because I don't. But I... I don't want to-- I just--I can't--I can't-- I can't keep living in denial and--so, yes, you were right. I was jealous. And I do have feelings for you, Kai. I wish I that didn't, but I do. Revealing the truth-- It's like lighting a match. It can bring light, help you see more clearly, or... it can set your world on fire. -- Sync, corrected by elderman -- -- for www.addic7ed.com -- www.tvsubtitles.net 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 