Baby: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Baby 
 s2e4 - Obbligo o verità - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Baby (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Obbligo o verità - full transcript 
 Saverio introduces Ludo to an admirer who saw her at the club. Fabio helps Damiano out of a bind. A run-in at a party leads Chiara to act recklessly. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 A NETFLIX ORIGINAL SERIES [London Grammar's "Truth is a Beautiful Thing" playing] ♪ Miles and miles on my own ♪ ♪ Walk with shame, I follow on ♪ ♪ A language to find hard to hear ♪ ♪ Not to understand, just disappear ♪ ♪ To hold your heart... ♪ [Fiore] Did you get some sleep? I spoke to the politician. I calmed him down. Did you see his face? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Yes. I know him. I'll talk to him. No. This is serious. [Chiara] Trust me. I'll sort it out. If you don't, I'll do it my way. Mm! ♪ Could you take my place And stand here? ♪ ♪ I do not think you'd take this pain ♪ ♪ You'll be on your knees ♪ ♪ And struggle under the weight ♪ ♪ Oh, the truth would be A beautiful thing ♪ ♪ Oh, the truth is a beautiful thing ♪ 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ♪ I wear another thought of you ♪ ♪ There's so much home I give to you ♪ ♪ Hide you somewhere they don't know ♪ ♪ Deep in my call You know you have a throne ♪ ♪ Hold your heart ♪ ♪ Hold your hand ♪ ♪ Would be to me ♪ ♪ The greatest thing ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ [Brando] Good morning. Delete that video. Great party, wasn't it? Don't be an idiot, you're way out of your depth here. Yeah, you're right. So, how old was that guy? Don't fuck around or Fiore will kill you. You don't get it, I don't give a shit about Fiore. If I post that video, Fiore will get thrown in jail. You don't scare me. [students laughing] [inaudible dialogue] BRANDO IS GAY Get the fuck out of my way! Bra, I always said you were a fag, but this time it wasn't me. - Hey! Bra! - Do you know who did it? - In the toilets. Now. - Where did you get to yesterday? I was with Chiara. With Chiara. Why? Cami, enough. I've got stuff to do. Hey. Listen, I went to the party, but I couldn't find you. I left early. I was an idiot. Look, sorry, I was a jerk. I got angry with you, but I had no reason to. Will you forgive me? - Did you do it? - Do what? The graffiti, asshole! Don't act dumb! I'd never do such a shitty thing. [Niccolò] Hey, Bra... a teacher wants to talk to you. [Tommaso] Is it retaliation for something you did? I didn't do anything. Besides, no one has the right to insult me like that, all right? Of course not, but don't get upset, it's just stupid graffiti. - Besides, "gay" isn't an insult. - Hey, what's so fucking funny? - Asshole! - Brando, go inside! Go to class! Move! My parents mustn't find out. Are you having problems at home? What the fuck has my home got to do with this? It's this school that sucks! You've no idea what kind of shit goes on. Brando, what's the problem? Why are you so full of anger? You get angry at others because you want to prove what? There's a girl here who's a hooker! Excuse me? You heard, there's a girl who's a hooker. Are you sure? Of course I'm sure! Don't tell anyone. This is a delicate matter. I'M NOT AN APPLE BUT MAYBE YOU'RE RIGHT... Don't you understand, it's like the graffiti. You can't write on a wall that a boy is homosexual, nor can you go around saying that a girl is a hooker. Whether it's true or not isn't important, because if you do, you can destroy that person! Think how you would feel if that was your fault. Don't worry about the graffiti, we'll find out who did it. Why did you leave the party? Me and Damiano called you a thousand times. I don't understand why you went in my place. So you can pay back that jerk now. And because I wanted to go, more than I wanted to stay at that shitty party. What's your problem, Chia? Don't you see the mess we've gotten ourselves into? Why can't you be happy to be with Damiano? Still going on about Damiano? Mind your own fucking business! It was Fiore's idea, wasn't it? Listen, I can make my own decisions! Well, they're shit decisions! Don't you realize, this situation is very serious? - Yes, I know. - No, you don't know! Remember Tommaso, the cultured guy? He's my teacher. See, you don't tell me things either. Why didn't you tell me? - Because I didn't want you to worry. - Sure. Not like you, you get yourself in trouble and drag me into it! Maybe you didn't tell me 'cause something's going on between you two? Just like with Fiore! You go for guys that exploit you, but then blame me for getting you into trouble! You're the one who trusts the wrong people! Sorry if I'm not perfect like you! Sorry if I don't have the perfect family! Sorry if I don't have a perfect boyfriend! But at least I don't destroy everything! [sobbing] I've always helped you. Always. For once that I'm in trouble, you're turning your back on me. You're the one who turned her back on me. [continues sobbing] [Death in Vegas' "Hands Around My Throat" playing] ♪ Back down And touch ♪ ♪ The door is shut ♪ ♪ In the end ♪ ♪ You're just too close ♪ ♪ There's no one here ♪ ♪ There's no one there ♪ ♪ I still can't tell ♪ ♪ Try this ♪ ♪ And you might find ♪ ♪ I'm in your place ♪ ♪ I see your face ♪ ♪ The air is cold ♪ ♪ I'm still on hold ♪ ♪ I still can't tell ♪ ♪ What's been said ♪ Moscow Mule? At two in the afternoon? Why not? You and Chiara are going strong. I never stopped thinking about you. This is yours. And you and I are finished. Quit with this bullshit, Ludo. Quit everything and I'll take care of you. Don't you get it? I want you with me. A lot of people want me. Not just you. ♪ Your hands around my throat ♪ ♪ Your hands around my throat ♪ Where's your puppy? You should've seen Chiara going nuts at him. Well, actually, she went nuts at me. She was right. She sure was. I'm telling you, if you touch Fabio again, I'll smash your face in. I don't give a shit, even if I get expelled. I know I was an asshole. I can't stop thinking about it. How come you're feeling guilty all of a sudden? It's not like you. True. I must be coming down with something. What happened with Brando? Nothing. Why? No reason. If something's wrong, you can still talk to me. You do know that. Nothing's wrong. Okay. DID YOU SAY SOMETHING TO CAMILLA? [Arturo] "As you can see from the data, it's a sound investment." Yes, but I don't understand why you're focusing on private investors. Why? Because with the public sector, you can only get so far. Whereas the private sector allows us to plan to expand the app as well as to reach a wider target audience. Nice photo. This is our advertising campaign. Your son's got a good eye. Very nice. Is that little Chiara? Yes, little... Is there still time to change it, Artu? The marketing team loved her. I understand, Arturo, but I also want a personal reward, not just a financial one. I'll be blunt, I've got a beautiful daughter, too. But we've already launched the campaign. Sorry, but Brando will be finishing high school next year, isn't that right? Wouldn't you like to get involved in the project? Sure, why not? Brando will focus on the family business. He'll have things to keep him busy. I think Perla would be perfect. I'd think about it, if I were you, Arturo. This boy was born to be a boss. Even his teachers tell me he bosses everyone around at school, isn't that right? Yeah, sure. Take no notice of what they say. By the way, Vittorio told me about the graffiti. Did they find out who did it? What graffiti? Young lady, what graffiti? You must know about it. It's nothing, Dad, some idiot wrote "Brando is gay" at the entrance. Nothing new in that, much worse happens in state schools. Sure, but it used to be me doing these things! Now you let them do it to you? Dad, what do you think? It must've been someone who wants another beating. When I find out who, I'll smash his head in. I hope I don't have any reason to be worried, Bra? What do you think? Just kidding. Hey, the De Santis must carry on. No surprises, eh? That would be too much. Artu, if I were you, I'd think about using Perla, huh? Hmm? I MISS YOU. WHERE HAVE YOU DISAPPEARED TO? [knocking on door] Come in. Sorry, but do you know anything about the graffiti about Brando? - I'm on the phone with Ale, Dad. - Oh, sorry. BRANDO IS GAY [Simonetta] Hi, honey! Hi, Mum. Is everything okay? Everything's fine. I'm trying to follow Alberto's advice but none of this makes any sense to me. Trust me, philosophy with Regoli is worse. If he's picking on you, I'll go and give him a piece of my mind. No, don't worry. I got an eight. My grade average is almost high enough now. Well, why didn't you tell me? See how smart you are when you want to be. "She's intelligent, but doesn't put in the effort." Honey, how about if we sell the shop? Hmm? [cell phone beeps] YOU'RE VERY BEAUTIFUL. I'VE HEARD GREAT THINGS ABOUT YOU... CAN I SEE YOU? TONIGHT WORKS FOR YOU? Any news about the politician? You don't have to worry. - But I am worried. - You don't have to worry. I'm finished. I'm going home. What's this doing here? I thought I'd lost it. You left it at my place. You gave it to me to convince me to stop. You said you would've given me anything I wanted. Like a queen. I bet you don't remember shit about it. Of course I remember. [Damiano] Why the long face? You were good. I've got things on my mind. Look, I know. You were just pretending to run, right? What do you mean "pretending"? You said I was good. Sure, you were good... at walking. Come on, I'm kidding. Tell me, what's on your mind? What are you thinking about? Lots of stuff. Lots of stuff! I've got a better idea. But would you be able to stop thinking for five minutes? I could try. Let's go to mine. Come on, at least we can spend some time together. That wasn't too bad, was it? No. So, I'm not quite past it yet? Aren't you staying the night? No, I've got to go home, to Ludo. We keep seeing each other secretly, like two 16-year-olds. Well, that's the fun part. But what about our kids? What example are we setting for them, as parents? If you don't want to live here, I could move in with you. Wouldn't it be great, all four of us living together? I don't know, maybe... Maybe it's too soon, also for the kids. My presence would do Ludovica good, I'm sure of that. You don't think I'm a good mother? I didn't say that. Just because she doesn't do well at school, doesn't mean she's a failure. Or if she makes some mistakes. I know, I know... But you always defend her. Of course I defend her, she's my little girl and I won't have you criticizing her. Or how I've raised her. I've made plenty of mistakes, but everything, everything I do, is for her. I'm going. [door opens, then closes] Can I come in? Yeah, sure. I hope you're not upset about what I said about the graffiti? Are you kidding? It was a joke. Dad, I know you. I'm not an idiot. I've worked hard all these years. For you, to give all of you a good life. You realize that, don't you? I think I've done a good job. Well? But what you don't understand, is that you can't take this life for granted. If people see you as weak, they won't respect you. And something like this could ruin your entire life, do you understand? Yeah, I know. You know. Well, I can see we understand each other, then. Okay. [cell phone beeping] Can I have one? Do you smoke now? No, no. This is an exception. Thanks. What's going on? [Agnes Obel's "Fuel to Fire" playing] You know when you feel like you've done something wrong... but you don't care? Sure. [Fabio chuckles] Well, that never happens with me. I always feel guilty. If you've done something you feel bad about, there's always time to make amends. No, it's... It's this huge graffiti I did on a wall at school with permanent spray paint. So, no. Have you still got the spray paint? ♪ Ooh ♪ [laughs] No! No, help me! No! ♪ Roses on parade ♪ ♪ They follow you around ♪ [spray paint hissing] ♪ Upon your shore ♪ ♪ As sure as I can say ♪ ♪ Be gone, be far away ♪ - Ready? - Yes. [chattering] Enough! I give up! I give up! I love you, too. You should be proud of me. Without Saverio, I'm raking it in. In the end, it's always you and me. Sometimes I think you were right. How long can I go living this life? Come with me. I want to show you something. CAMILLA DOESN'T KNOW ANYTHING, BUT DAMIANO MIGHT SOON. SEE YOU AT YOUR HOUSE AT 10:30. Everything okay? Yes, my parents are harassing me. What did they say? That you can sleep here? No, they want me back home. Bye. Do you like playing Truth or Dare? Tell me what you want. Truth, then. That shot of you from behind is amazing. And when you turn and look into the camera... I can just imagine the GIFs. You don't get it, that video's going nowhere. You're going to delete it, end of story. Yes, you're right. I'll delete it. But you have to do something for me. So... Truth or Dare? I'm sick of social networks. I don't use them anymore. Just for convenience's sake. Those photos you saw, a friend of mine took them. Well, a friend... I don't know if we're still friends. I like your short hair. Thanks, my mother cuts it. It's the only one she's able to do. Well, you're lucky. It suits you. Really? She says it makes my neck stand out. Is that why you got a tattoo on the back of your neck? One reason. I like that tattoo. I asked for the mirror room, do you like it? Okay, can you get undressed, please? Turn around. Turn around. No! No! Where are you going? - That's enough. - I haven't finished yet. Sorry, I didn't mean to... I'll give you another 50 euros if you stay. Stop! Which building? That one. Beautiful, isn't it? All for you. So, none of you need to worry. I MANAGED. Keep the young girl out of this. Since when do you care about her? Maybe I've missed something? It's risky. Isn't that business with the politician enough for you? I'm texting Emma right now. Everything's sorted. I don't give a shit. That girl's a minor, I'll go to the police... That girl is making us loads of money. You realize you're ruining her life, don't you? When I gave you the chance, you chose to stay in the game. This isn't about me. You're right. But we both know that you don't have any fucking morals. So, spare me the lecture. Just think about the money, like you always have. You're back late. How come you're not in bed yet? I was waiting for you. I've been waiting for you for months. I'm back. [cell phone buzzes] SORRY FOR THIS EVENING. I HOPE YOU CAN FORGIVE ME I'M STILL THINKING ABOUT THE OTHER EVENING. YOU REALLY ARE FANTASTIC CAN I SEE YOU THURSDAY? DESIREÉ, WHEN ARE YOU AVAILABLE? SEE YOU AT THE USUAL PLACE? I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU AGAIN DESIREÉ, YOU'RE AMAZING CAN I BOOK YOU FOR TOMORROW? SEE YOU AT THE USUAL PLACE? DESIREÉ, WHEN ARE YOU AVAILABLE? [sobbing] Hi. Hi. What's up? Has something happened? Yesterday, I was thinking about us. I don't want this anymore. What does that mean? What happened yesterday? Chiara, what the fuck happened yesterday? I don't want to be with you anymore. [Death in Vegas' "Rocco (Dub)" playing] ♪ Gonna die if sweet man Should pass me by ♪ ♪ If I die, where'll he be? ♪ ♪ Gonna die if sweet man Should pass me by ♪ ♪ If I die, where'll he be? ♪ ♪ Gonna die if sweet man Should pass me by ♪ ♪ If I die, where'll he be? ♪ ♪ Gonna die if sweet man Should pass me by ♪ ♪ If I die, where'll he be? ♪ ♪ Gonna die if sweet man Should pass me by ♪ ♪ If I die, where'll he be? ♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 