Beyond the Pole: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beyond the Pole 
 s1e7 - The Reunion - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beyond the Pole (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 7 - The Reunion - full transcript 
 The ladies of the hit series Beyond the Pole come back together for a very special Reunion. Hosted by the fabulously hilarious Gary With Da Tea (The Rickey Smiley Morning Show, Dish Nation)... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Ladies and gentlemen, for the Beyond the Pole reunion. Please welcome with Gary with the T. - Yes. Yes. Yes, yes, yes, thank you thank you, have a seat. Welcome honey, I'm Gary with a T and this is the reunion for the exciting new provocative series Beyond the Pole. get ready now, many of y'all love Beyond the Pole 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 and baby I watch and I am definitely a fan too. Now there are some heartfelt moments, but baby the claws came out and a storm came in. Yes honey, now you all know honey what I like to do, so let's get ready to spill some hot ass T. - Now let's start off y'all with the pioneers behind the Beyond the Pole, the executive producers of the show Mark Stephens and Miss Shonte Paige. yes. Yes honey. As you all can see Mark and Shonte went shopping honey. Yes, honey. So Miss Shonte, how real is the show honey 'cause I been watching honey on the social media 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 and some of the comments are saying that this is just another reality show but is it real or is it not? Are we going here? - We gonna go there honey 'cause we need to know how real it is, first question honey. - First question Gary? - Yes, ma'am these girls want to know. - Yes, it's as real as you're gay. - No, no, as real as I'm gay, bitch I'm not gay or straight I'm confused honey, make no error. Yes ma'am, we're not gonna get that honey. - Okay, uh-huh. - I'm confused. - It's a real show, it's raw, uncut, as Mark has said it's the naked truth. - Oh, well yeah, it was naked honey. - Yes. - Girl I was like oh my god, I wasn't ready for some of the stuff Mark. I'm trying to see Jesus' face. - Oh yeah. - I was like baby, but anyway. Mark so I mean the success of the show, did it succeed your expectations? - Super succeeded. - Did it? Really? - First I want to give this shout out to Shonte, she's did a wonderful job. - Yeah. - Wonderful job, wonderful job. - So you were pleased. 'cause one thing with a lot of women and seeing a lot of women in that environment, I mean, it would make a man lose his virginity. - It was, the most challenging part of it was just writing the check. 'cause everyday was another expense. From hairdressers to make up artists, so and Shonte don't cut no corners either. - Mm, she sure don't. - He knows, he's worked with me. - Oh yeah honey she don't cut no corners, she don't give to many neither. Shonte, so what was it like working with all those females. I mean it could be a challenging thing. A bunch of females with issues, you know, I mean that could be very challenging, what was it like? - It was a little challenging but at the end of the day I grew to love the women. - And I kind of grew to love them too, some of them was a little empathetic with some of 'em. - Yeah and we hoped that would happen. We hoped that we would humanize the women. - You think you going through somebody worse off than you. - Right. - So that was really interesting, so I enjoyed that part. So what's next for the franchise? - Beyond the Pole in Miami. - Miami. Alright honey. - We going to Miami. - Miami. - You coming, you coming. - Bankhead, let's go to bankhead. - Okay. - A girl like that don't need a job. - Yeah. - Okay, let's do it. - They need a job in Bankhead. - Might need to do that. - So miss Shonte girl, we're done here, I know you got a lot of work to do. - Yeah, I've gotta go produce this, I gotta go put on my sweats, again. - Are you gonna get out of that gown? - Yes. - Oh that's not cute. - I got work to do. - But anyway child, that's a great thing honey, you know what I appreciate all that and everything that's good and you know good luck with the success of the show and good luck to your endeavors. - Thank you. You know, we love you. - Okay y'all. So okay honey child now, we're excited to find out more about what the girls have to say, so let's get started honey, you all ready to get started? Well let's get started with Miss La'Bri baby. Now she's the one who sticks all the girls together. So let's see a little bit about her. - My name is La'Bri I dance at Blue Climb in Magic City. I've been dancing out for four going on five years, I had to learn the atmosphere 'cause those girls are like sharks. Honestly you just have to be a bitch and you can't just be a bitch you have to consider yourself that bitch. - Ladies and gentlemen, welcome La'Bri. Oh. - Hi. - Hey now. Alright miss La'Bri. - How are you handsome. - Alright, La'Bri if I had your ass I would walk around naked girl. - I do, all day friend. - You walk naked, bitch I say damn, I want an ass like that but anyway child, you looking good honey. - Thank you you look nice. - Alright so look Bri now, let's talk about your experience with Beyond the Pole honey, okay. Did it help you? - I feel like it definitely helped me, my sales definitely increased especially online. - That's it, now you seem to be the real calm and collected one honey, out of the group, so tell us how the relationship is with the other girls. Give us that hot tea. - The hot tea, okay so, I'll say I get along with everyone, towards the ending of the show I will say that I did have kind of like, not altercations but kind of like, not even a falling out but I did distance myself from one person that I thought I had a connection with. - Why? - Because I just feel like she created this facade that wasn't really her and after I just was around her personally I kind of just you know, after you be around someone for so long, the real them gets exposed. - And that's the thing to, with all y'all girls doing with the same profession and hanging out and being the, you would have thought there'd be more of a closeness with everybody being real but shit, we all doing the same thing. - Right, I thought it would have been more cliques too within the group but nah. - So would you have done anything different? - The only thing I wish I would have done differently is probably have been a little bit more transparent. - Who, you being more transparent, or them being more transparent? - I wish, well I feel like I was very transparent, I wish some of the other girls were then transparent. - Life. - Right, basically. - Yes honey, well okay, be ready to introduce the next cast member of Beyond the Pole, the fabulous miss Angel Kake bitch. - My name is Angel Kake. I began my last year of high school, me and my mom were at a weird place. I thought I knew what was best and from that, I was 18, turning 19, I stopped maybe for about six years and then I returned for the last two years. So all and all, I would say, I don't know, you figure out the math, just think of how old I might be. - Come on miss Angel Kake. Kake, Kake, Kake, Kake, Kake, Kake, Kake. Kake, Kake, Kake, Kake, Kake, Kake, Kake. Kake, Kake, Kake, Kake, Kake, Kake, Kake. Alright baby, alright miss Kake honey, hello. Alright honey, oh I'm so glad I'm a Christian honey. Because bay, these girls are too many things honey. so Miss Kake how are you doing girl? - I'm great and you? - You're looking fabulous. - Thank you. - You are looking fabulous honey, so let's help us, we want you to help us out with the math, what's the math girl, what is the math? - We were, well I learned a lot from this show. - Really? - Just on my own and giving the space to talk to the other people but you know, we had a great time. - So did you and La'Bri get along. - Yes, - Yeah, that's my baby. - Okay so you all got along. - Yes. We are like a mirror, - Right. - We are very transparent. - So you all transparent? - So I gotta say out of all the girls I would say that we say there's not that many cliques, I would say we were probably like a little clique. - Right, we are the pretty girl clique and we admit to the curves and the bumps and the, you know. All of that stuff is going on. - We're real. - So y'all real? - We're not real, we are real fake but beautiful. - Okay alright then, correct and narrow honey, that's right. - And everybody in Atlanta is real fake so let's just get with the real business. - That's true. - Oh, everybody in Atlanta? - Yes. - Everybody real fake honey, so all y'all sitting there thinking you're getting some, you aint getting what you think honey. But it's cute though. - It's cute. - It's cute honey, your cute child. - We wear it well. - Y'all do wear it well, I notice a lot of blood pressure out there in the audience is up honey. But anyway, alright so girl in part of the show you was talking about getting a butt reduction. - Mmhmm. - So how does that go, I mean so did it? - Did it go anywhere, so I did have a butt reduction done expect I didn't have it in Atlanta. - Well we gonna run the clip, let's run the clip first. Let's see. - So what brings you here today? - Was looking to see if you guys do butt reductions, I don't know if you're familiar with silicone removal but something to that effect. - Okay, tell me a little bit more about what you've had done in the past. - I got it done when I was 18 and it was bio-gel. - Okay, - It was a little messed up and every time I would try and get it fixed to make it even out. - Mmhmm. - It would get bigger, now I've got this big old butt and I don't want it anymore. - Okay. - So now tell me, you went out of town for the surgery. Did you go to Brazil? - No I went to another country and so they haven't perfected it so as you can see these all these Kay Michele, and these different trainers. - Oh yeah 'cause she had hers taken out and stuff. - Yeah they don't have any shape left so I don't want that, I still need to work with mine. So I got the most that I could get taken out and so they won't do that in America but it looks good. - Let me see it baby, let me see honey. - And of course this has been, - Alright. - This has been over a, - Oh, alright. So what's that called, is that a Brazilian butt? - Oh no, this is called a fat with silicone, it's a little bit of everything mixed in there. - Silicone and saline? - It's called baby fat, silicone, and food. - Oh I want to have one like that. I want both of y'alls honey. - Yes, now, now the great way is that you can get fat transferred so then when I got it done it was just silicone 'cause you know in a lot of countries the girls are not big enough to get fat transferred so they do, this is not just in America this is almost every country, the girls are very petite and they don't have enough fat to transfer so they'll get silicone injections and so this is not just something that black women do, this is something that they're doing all over the world. - Really, well I got my stomach, they could transfer that shit for me to my ass, oh okay, then honey, alright, so then how's your son JC? I mean Jace, how's Jace doing? - He's great, he understands all, he knows about the butt surgeries and dancing, he has to understand all that 'cause ma, I need him to understand what mom's going through. - Yeah. - I can't hide that, you know. I could but I chose not to. - Yeah and how old is he? - Eight. - Oh well he's still young, he's gonna forget all about it by the time he, - Oh I don't know, he'll be well experiences, he'll know how to chose women correctly and how to treat them and how hard they work to be beautiful. - Yeah, well you look good girl and I like y'all are fabulous honey. - Thank you. - Are y'all married? - No. - No. - You aint got no man? - No. - Well I might not need to get no ass if I can't get no man. You all should be having a man, hell. - It's hard looking like this, it intimidates men. - It intimidates them? - Yeah. - Well really, I will stay like this then. okay honey, now let's welcome the next member of Beyond the Pole she goes by LingLing honey. And you might be her type, roll the clip. - Everybody had their own type, you know so when someone comes in they be like, oh they want LingLing because they like Asian women or you know foreign types. They come in they kind of blur out everybody else, ugh, them girls, the big butts or, then that one's fat or this one's too short, like, you know, I have my type too. - Welcome to the stage Miss LingLing honey. - Hello there. - Alright honey Miss LingLing good, have a seat girl. - LingLing been getting busy busy. - Well what happened girl, you looking different? - I'm just a little big, you know? - Oh girl, so you swallowed something? - I did, a watermelon. - I seen it honey, you looking fabulous, so how you doing? - Doing good, just waiting for me to drop. I always call myself a little whale so. - Alright honey, life has a way of bringing inspiration when you least expect which brings me to our next guest, who has been an inspiration in yours, let's roll the clip LingLing. - I feel like once you get everything in order you can be the exact what you want rather than just trying to wait. I rather like to know. - You gotta stop that too, you know that. - What? - 'cause a guy be getting you blessing sometime and your ass will be like, well see, - I just want you to give me a direct thing that you need. - I'm going to bed, my nigger like you got again, like everything that you ever asked for was already on the fucking way ma'am. All you gotta do is stay conscious. - Please welcome to the stage, Life Jennings. - Alright. - Life you okay? - All is well, what's up, what's up? - So glad to see you. But Life we gonna just honey, clear the air, 'cause inquiring minds want to know. - Okay. - Is the baby yours? - come on man. - Life, but Life you took her in, y'all were good friends honey, she cried on your shoulder. - Nah man, it aint like that, I got an old girl at home man it's a beautiful baby, but not from beautiful Life. - Wait a minute though, somebody just called. And I got the receipts Life. They say the child is your, Maury just called. - Oh my goodness. - Maury say baby LingLing is LifeLing. I mean you all were great together, you helped her though, I mean, and she's a dear friend and sometimes friends turn into lovers. - When I met her she told me her situation, a lot of times when I go places people just feel like it's an ambiguous ear, you know, so when she told me that her situation, her story I was moved by it and so I got a call about something and I was like, hey know this young lady right here, you know, she's in a situation in her life that she could use a little help, you know what I'm saying, so I introduced her to the help and I kind of just fell off in the back. - Oh so you introduced her to the help, so the help was a male guy, a male friend. - No, told Shonte Paige I knew it'd be somebody that would be perfect for the show that had situations in they life where you could see the resolution on TV, so I introduced her to Shonte. - Oh great. So how's everything going with the skin cancer and stuff LingLing is everything alright? - Kind of acting up, it's been giving me some troubles and it's actually been really hard for me with this pregnancy. - Yeah. - And I've accumulated other health problems, just found out I'm diabetic now. - Oh girl, you gotta watch this honey, I know. Gestational diabetes and stuff? - Correct, so I've been kinda like, trying to make sure I do everything possible, my insulin treatments and get everything going, and with that my dermatologist, everybody's like, well we can't really do to much with your skin due to the fact that you're pregnant. So, - really? - Yeah, so it's, - Is it affecting the baby, or is it? - It's actually not, it's not spread to him, it's actually a he everybody. so, boy number two for me but yes, so it has not spread to him which is a good thing but for me I am going through hell, every day. - So are y'all supporting y'all, y'all friend? - Mmmhmm, well I'm not gonna lie I don't even have your number LingLing and that just made me so sad. - I don't know in the group chat y'all don't talk to me. - No that is not true. - Talk to me. - Oh you all don't talk to LingLing? - I'm not gonna lie, LingLing is, I'm not gonna say standoffish but you do stay to yourself but I understand why. - I mean I've just been fucked over by so many people, that I really kind of like just, watch from a distance, when I come around I'm friendly to a certain extent but I really just be like, ugh, everybody's in their own world, everybody's kind of like I'm not gonna lie, lightweight fake, so. - Yeah we just said that. - Yeah, I did say that, I did. - I might say even me watching the episodes, like when I watched your episode just knowing what you're going through I'm really emotional, I don't want to cry on my makeup. - Don't mess with your makeup girl. - It made me really sad to know that I was like around someone and like not even know they was going through like girl you strong, you hold yourself together really well. 'cause I would have never guessed that like, even being in the few scenes that we were in together, I would have never guessed she was going through so many things. - I just try not to really put it off and tell so many people because I mean it sound bad. Yeah, they're gonna be like, oh I'm so sorry that's happening to you and then, disappear. - I don't think that's true though. I don't think so. - But there's also people that will use it against you, use your all time low against you, or use your past experiences to mess you over again. - Or even how they've helped you. - Correct, or throw it back in your face. - Turn to Life and that's why Life helped because honey he was somebody to help, because y'all helpers wouldn't help him. it's just, [mumbles] yeah. - Good lord. - I want y'all to be like the Real Housewives and get you own damn money honey and live your life. Get off the pole hell. Or put a pole in your house. - Have other people come over, - Yeah. - And you just go ahead. - Come over and dance or whatever like that does so, you know it's gonna work itself out thought. You're gonna do good honey, we're gonna keep you in prayer to as well. - Thank you. - And you look more Asian here than you do on TV. - Oh really. - That right there. - It's that black hair yeah honey, she's blackanesia. - I just tell everybody I'm black and asian but I really just like black in me. - Alright bitch, me too. But anyway. - Life face, he like, - I do want to say this man, that I appreciate, I definitely appreciate the relationship that me and her have because you know a lot of time dealing with women whether they are dancing, whether they are corporate America or whatever, I just feel like that a lot of times that ear that they talk to in a man is always one that exploits something from them, you know, I'm listening because I want something from them, so and I been like that at times myself, you know what I'm saying, so having a relationship and vice versa to where a guy doesn't really want anything from you but to just listen, and maybe give you some words of encouragements, that he may give his daughter or something and then see you doing better, she's doing great. So when I see her, I see her happy, I see her getting a bag, I see her on her way to bigger and better things, it make me feel like that my little ear, you know what I'm saying and my little connection that I gave her was not only beneficial to me because it shows a man like you can be here for a woman and not expect nothing in return from her. - Exactly. - But also for her because it restores her confidence in men because I know she been fucked over a lot in her life, you know what I'm saying. - Well thank you Life, thank you. And with that being said coming up next honey, is one of the heartfelt storylines of the show, let's roll the clip. - I go by Laina Champion, which is my real name. I been dancing for nine years, when I have a couple drinks I can get a little outrageous and crazy. I don't start nothing with nobody. But I'm a savage, that's me, savage. - Please welcome to the stage, Miss Laina Champion. Hi honey. Alright Miss Laina girl. Look at you honey, so Miss Laina girl, give us an update on how life has been since you been doing the show honey? - Life's been great. What I've been going through some legal issues. - Yeah they said you caught a case girl. - No I'm a savage, so I had to take care of some business with some females that tried to jump on my cousins so I had to come to the rescue and. - Oh y'all still doing that? Oh that's cute girl, baby fight for your cousin you know, you gotta fight for your cousin. You have a cousin? - When it comes to my family I'm gonna protect 'em and myself. - Really, so now you did some therapy right? - Yes, and I had to do anger management class. - Let's roll a clip. - Well I have like a little small issues with like family problems so, trying to get out of the dancing, entertainment life. But, my issues with my family is like my mom is on drugs, I really didn't have no parents growing up. I drink and then I'm cool but if somebody mess with me then all my anger come out and, - So Laina have you spoken with your mother since? - I spoke with my mother, she's still like in the same position she's been in. - So you think you all will ever, you know, - I don't know, I been trying to get her to do better and stuff, - Girl well she's gonna do better and I'm sure you all will work it out now. So now you recently had a baby. - The baby is doing good, she's almost two months. - Girl you look amazing. - That was a surprise, nobody knew. - So you still planning on stripping, still dance? - I wasn't at first but I'm gonna go back for like I need to do like another year maybe because my baby set me back from my plans and then my legal issues too, I had to pay for a lawyer. - With all that going on you need to stop fighting then honey, you gotta pay for a lawyer, you gotta pay for a baby. You don't need to be getting no trouble honey, 'cause you gotta take care of your child. - I just get spoiled. - Oh the man spoils you? - Yeah, so, - Well he need to pay some of these bills. - Yeah, he pay all those bills. - He pay all your bills? - Yes, so, but I don't like to depend on nobody, so I want to. - Uh-uh, you depend on him honey. - Depend on him. - You better. - Depend on that. - You depend on him honey, you let him help you out with those bills and then you get with it you don't have to, - Yeah it's just when you depend on people they think they can control you. - That's very true. - Now that is true I can understand that child, mmm. Well anyway honey, thank you Laina honey for sharing your story and bearing your soul on the show, honey thank you so much Laina, you a scholar and a gentlewoman. - Thank you. - Yes honey, okay up next y'all to the stage of the Beyond the Pole is the cast member who says she, oh this bitch says she's a dime. She says she's a dime and I've always wanted to meet honey a dime so let's play the clip. - My name is Ms. Dime and as everyone always says I was a perfect 10 so I just went with Ms. Dime. I got started dancing because my father told me if I was gonna be in his house I had to follow his rules and I didn't want to follow his rules so I went out I started living a fast life, I was introduced into the dancing game and ever since then, the rest has been history. - Please welcome to the stage Ms. Dime. - And I am a dime. - Oh, oh, oh. Alright, so Ms. Dime you say that you are a dime? - Period. - She's a dime bitch, don't make no error honey. 'cause somebody talking you was nine and six, I said no, she's a dime bitch, she's a dime, don't even try honey. So Ms. Dime on the crawl, you still hide in the closet, 'cause your parents, your family didn't know what you was doing girl. They didn't know you was a dime? - They knew I was a dime they just didn't know I danced. - 'cause you had a many trades, you got a lot of things, you the butcher, the baker and the candlestick maker, and girl, - Let's get this money. - That's right, it is definitely money girl, so I mean, so how could a person hide that, now your family were in Miami? - Mmhmm, - So they don't watch TV? Or they don't watch the show? And with a shape like that, they don't think you're doing something with it? - I mean when you're college educated, then you have jobs, it's like, very easy to hide. So I've always had a job even though I've danced, I've always had a job. So when my family come in town I'm at work. I go to the club when I want to go to work, it's not like a need for me to go. - Alright now, well you said that honey. That's like a lot of people, like you've got some people hide their lifestyles and somebody's could be a murderer at night, then he's a doctor in the day time. - And I'm that too. Don't make me mad. - Oh, so I mean tell me this, do you feel the show helped you, did it help you out or whatever. - I mean I feel the show, gave a outlook on people who stereotype women that think all dancers was a particular type, they didn't think that you could be either a doctor that used to dance or a teacher or whatever, so when they see the show they're like, oh well then you could have a professional career and used to do this and that. They just always think that girls that dance were dumb and uneducated. - Now we saw from several media outlets honey, the posted a cast member felt like y'all like, the editors painted him in a negative way, so do you feel like the truth was altered for the show or do you feel there were changes to make you guys look bad? - Well I'm not gonna lie, I didn't talk bad about anybody I didn't have a problem with anybody and even upon me bringing Stormy in, supposably, to help us, I was the one always defending her even as I watched her back girls into corners instead of saving them or coaching them into a better lifestyle. - Your friend Miss Stormy was too many things though honey. - Too many things. - I want someone to be hard on me, I been in this game 10 times, I had a baby, almost got married, then went back and went to school, came back again, I've been in and out so I need somebody to whoop my ass and tell me the real truth about myself. However there was no real test that was given by her, hey did you complete this? Okay, well then get off my show, - She asks us to pay to come to her event. We're like how you gonna talk about girl hold my hand, but then you charge us to come to your event. - See. - That really offended me because I really like admired her like I really looked to her for that advice, that fulfillment in my business that I felt I was lacking so for her to extend her hand to me and be like, I'm gonna, I was already out of the strip clubs so there weren't really too much she could tell me about that, then when she tells me, oh you can come to my next marketing event and then she slaps me with, two days before the event, girl there's a 15 thousand dollar event, my own sister had to pay for a ticket. - She wanted you to pay 15 thousand? - No she was saying like she wanted me to give a donation. - Well a donation is a dollar girl. - So you hear what I'm saying? I told her at the time, - She told me the ticket was 250. - Right, about said that she talked to you. I'm transitioning so I'm okay, I do a hundred dollar donation, she's like you got on Rolexes, you got on Louis Vuitton, I could be there broke, nigger could have bought all of this. - Thank you. - You don't know what I'm going through, so, for someone to talk to me like that, and make me feel belittled, then tell me, you could come, you have a free ticket but you can't vend there and your mom has to pay for a ticket because my own sister had to pay for one, that was like a slap in the face, like that's when she lost me and my respect. It's like, bitch, whatever really. - Well we gonna pray honey but in the mean time, Dime honey we want to thank you so much honey for your time child because girl your time is very valuable. - Thank you. - Thank you so much y'all. Next up honey, she is known to be socially political in the power of the strippers and embraces her ability to have a man come back for more, lets take a look. - My name is Leah but they call me sweet LeaLea, I have been dancing on and off for about 10 years now, you have to be confident in this industry, I love that for as much as it takes it gives too, it's a billion dollar industry, you know sex sells, women in the adult industry we give men this fantasy that they really don't necessarily get at home. It's so many facets, so many entities wrapped up in the industry and I think that's why I love it so much. - Ladies and gentlemen let's bring in sweet LeaLea. - I knew she wouldn't come. - Shonte? Ashley, Shonte? - Where they at though? - Where she is, Shonte, Ashley, Mark? Where LeaLea? She aint here yo. - I could of brought a bottle with some sparklies in, - [mumbles] well where LeaLea. - We could be asking you the same question. - She making her man happy, she says she make him happy. - I don't. - Giving them everything they miss at home. - Gary I don't know, you the one with the Tea, you tell us where she is. - That's what I'm saying. - Well we'll find out later in honey in the show, y'all what happens honey, in the meantime honey, let's bring out the storm baby. - Stormy Wellington who am I? I represent the struggle, the fight, the success, I'm every woman. I don't know if people understand this but my mom called me bitch like that was my name. And I used to be like, why you, who would call their daughter a bitch. She says you gonna go into a world that they gonna treat you like I bitch so I'm gonna let you know what it is, but you're my bitch. Well my first experience in the club, I was 13 and my water was off at home and I'll never forget, I had on this black suede vest with this black suede skirt and I went into the club and I was intrigued by the women they were beautiful, the energy the life, and I'm 13 years old, and this guy was like lift up your skirt, I'll give you 600 dollars, and of course I lift up my skirt and I got those 600 dollars. And the next day my water was cut back on. - Right child, ho, now honey, she is a force to be reckoned with and not to be played with, please welcome self made, multi-millionaire, former stripper turned tropical storm, Miss Stormy Wellington. Oh what, alright honey. - Thank you very much, how y'all doing ladies? Excuse me. - Alright, honey, hi Miss Stormy. Every time I let chinchilla over these here thighs. - Oh alright girl. That's a mink, not a chinchilla. But, - Or mink. I got so many, I'm sorry, I didn't really announce what it was. - But anyway, you looking good. Girl you got watches all on your feet baby. - Yes. - That's when you beat a girl down honey, you tell her time when you kick her? - No that's when you aint got time for games. - Oh, alright. We're actually starting. So Stormy how you doing? - I'm doing fabulous, you look good. - Thank you and so do you honey, alright baby. - Thank you. - So great you're looking fabulous. So let me first say honey, I don't know why they call you Stormy because honey you are a full fledged hurricane. - Category one or two? - Alright girl. Girl they say, she's a rainstorm. - Alright, tropical. - So Stormy, what's the problem Stormy. - Problem? - These girls honey, seem like you came through honey and just was trying to grab some coins and leave. - No, first of all I believe in tough love. You know growing up in the club I was in the club since the age of 13, and nobody gave me tough love and sometimes, especially the girls in the club. - Uh-huh. - They used to getting their way, especially with the men and of course women in the club they tend to be in competition with each other and it's a whole lot of stuff that goes on in the club, I used to be in the club, I couldn't just come to this show with these women who are used to being aggressive used to being in charge, used to taking control and then think I was gonna, you know, treat them like I was a teacup Yorkie, so I had to come with my bulldog, pitbull in skirt mentality because I know what I was dealing with. - So you're the reason why LeaLea isn't here tonight? - LeaLea's not here because of LeaLea's not here, don't have nothing to do with me. I shouldn't have stopped LeaLea from being here. - Oh Stormy hon, people wondering hon. - Well that's not my concern. - So, these ladies, I mean all y'all did you help them all out, I mean, you know, - So, - I mean 'cause they, - I was able to work with a few of them, but the reality is that I don't think that they really understand what a coach does. I run multiple businesses, it's not that I didn't have their best interests in heart, or I didn't want to work with them, we just had a lot of conflicts of interest. And the first thing was that attitude. So I didn't get on the show for, - Who had the worst attitude? - LeaLea for sure. - She aint here. What about these here on this stage. - So I didn't really have a lot of time to get to know a lot of the women, honestly, I mean, I have a lot of love for La'Bri, regardless of the things I heard her say about me in the back. But La'Bri reminds me of my younger self and my daughter, she just has a little underdeveloped character, within time she will go on to the fullness of herself. I don't have anything to say about LingLing, outside of, - Now you want to get my name right? - Good job, I'm proud of myself I did good, thank you, so yes, when it comes to her, obviously as you can see, with child, she has an attitude. That's not affecting me, it's affecting her child. - She's no better. - So I had to separate myself from that, 'cause I don't, my tolerance for bullshit and negativity I don't have to deal with it, I don't need the show, I don't need these girls, and I'm definitely not about to tolerate anyone disrespecting me and wasting my time. - Alright bitch. - So Dime on the other hand, me and Dime have a different non conversational relationship, shall I say, - Are you more successful than her? - Success is relative. - Well yeah. You can't measure success. - Success is a mind frame, its not about how much money you got, 'cause you could have a million dollars and aint about shit. - Exactly. - Well we did come on that show, and we all knew that she was the coach right? - So you felt coached? - I didn't, what I'm saying is, I'm not offended by her at all, 'cause she's the coach here and any job you have, you're gonna have to play backseat, you cannot be the captain all the time. We all have this very big confidence. I am beautiful, hey I'm better, no no no. - This is my thing, it's not like, see your different with your own experience like, like I said me personally, I was offended, because before you all even knew her, I been following this woman, I been felt like what you gonna say inspired, so to meet her personally, the way that she did me, the way I felt, like she did me personally, I have a reason to feel the way I feel. - You didn't want to invest in yourself La'Bri. - I have invested in myself, so that's bullshit. - Let me say this though, I'm not gonna go back and forth with La'Bri, my production alone was 15 thousand, the venue was 20 thousand, I pay for over 20 hotel rooms at 400 dollars a night for three nights and I told her listen, I believe in laws and principles hustlin' harder will get you there attitude and gratitude will keep you there. I'm not who I am as a multi-millionaire, documented, cash, liquid. I've coached over 10 families within the last four years don't let me pull out my last 20 year resume. So when I talk to La'Bri and said to La'Bri, as someone that I got love for, - I still need to see it. - I have, respect to you sir, - I still need to see it. I need papers. - But see that's not what I do, I'm not about to prove nothing to you. - But you can't say that what you did and then don't prove it to us because what you're telling to us, - Excuse me sir, Gary, let me talk to you. - I could say I'm a multi-millionaire, bitch if I aint got shit to prove then I aint got shit to prove, like, we could be whoever we want to be on social media. - But you know, can you google it, 'cause you could google it. - Google, Wikipedia, you could be whoever you want to be. - These are the attitude that they, I was supposed to deal with on the show. I'm not going to deal with that. - So this is my thing though, when you asked me to make a donation and I told you what I could donate, you insulted me, why, as a coach, why would you come at somebody like that. - So let me go back to you. - At that point in time you know what I was going through I was going through a break up, - I didn't know about that. - I had just totaled my car. - How I know that? I don't know your business, I got, so excuse me sir. Gary with a T, - Yes. - I said make a donation, and no bitch you're not about to donate a hundred dollars, no, not La'Bri who stays in Gucci, Chanel, and Louie. - It wasn't in, it wasn't in. - You put your priorities in what you feel is important so because she thought she was not going to make, - You posed to be what the fuck you are, I post that shit. - I don't post, it's real life, I live it, I walk it like I talk it. I walk it like I talk it. Because that's why I'm not your coach. - It don't matter, all you did was invite me so a seminar about selling some fucking tea. I don't want to sell no tea. - She selling tea? Girl, you selling tea girl? I'm the Gary with the T. - See that's why we need to talk. Gary with the T. - I need to be selling T. Okay, so honey we need to talk. - Stick me tea that paces everyone. - Girl we need to get together 'cause bitch I'm with the T honey and I aint got no money. - Yes, exactly. - But nevertheless honey, everybody's been asking about the trap music, honey, in the show, and our guest is going to perform one of his songs, in the show and he's Everything Heavy. So please welcome to the stage Everything Heavy. - Everything Heavy, he says y'all he gonna go get some money 'cause she gonna go get some money and they gonna shake it some money and then everybody gonna have some money. Oh that's cute bitch. I'm gonna get some money, but okay y'all. Now we're about to get into the tea and pour these ladies and put 'em honey under a hot seat, okay? We gonna put you all in the hot seat, so, when the tea is being served and it's scalding hot honey don't get burned baby. So here are the rules of the engagement, no talking over each other, just wait honey your turn, or until I call you okay? Nothing worse than when people are calling and talking over each other, alright child? okay, anyhoo, let's carry on. Stormy, there's some postings floating around social media about what happened between you and LeaLea. Now here's something LeaLea posted. - What's it say? - I knew Sis was the, I am trying to convince you I am as big as I say I am type, the moment she felt like she needed to open all four suicide doors just to get out of the passenger side. Sis can't teach me how to become a millionaire because she never learned herself, now I don't want to sell tea and pyramid scams are phony. - So unfortunate, I feel bad for her. - Really? - Of course she sounds crazy. - But Stormy you opened all four of the tesla, all the doors. - 'cause I need, I mean that's why I bought the car. I love, it inspires me, I didn't open the doors for her I opened the doors for me, I like to look at my four doors go up it inspires me, it makes me go harder. That's why I do what I do. So I buy things to inspire me, not to impress nobody else. So my four doors going up was for my self esteem, I'm sorry that she was intimidated by them. - Alright bitch, did you all hear that? Let's read another comment from LeaLea. I definitely regret the experience and it left no type of positive impact on me, it made me see that it be our own editing us into the light. I want no parts of reality TV ever again. - I could understand that. 'cause reality TV exposes the truth and the lies, and if you're not living you know the truth, then you're portraying a lie and now national television comes into place, you gotta be careful what could come with it. And I mean, there's a lot of things that came to me after the show was launched about a lot of inconsistencies in her story, she came to the meeting with a poor attitude, she came to the meeting like her shit don't stink. - That's LeaLea right? - That was LeaLea and I didn't like her energy, I do not deal with negative energy, when negative energy is being served, I leave the room, so at that moment that was my house, so she could leave the room, so I made sure we had our little brief conversation because I was thinking that let me make sure I'm not assuming, 'cause sometimes you could think that a person has negative energy and who knows, she probably had a very bad day. So I said let me give her the benefit of the doubt, of the doubt, I didn't have a whole lot of time to do research and all that, get to the point, what are you doing, tell me what you are, what can I, so I can figure out what can I do to help, I got to assess the situation, in addition to that, we have to develop a relationship, I'm not motherfucking Dr Phil. - Oh, or Oprah. - Not yet. - See you're getting close. - So there has to be some type of report developed, there has to be some type of report developed so I can help you but in that moment, my number one goal was to break the ice to figure out number one, who are these women that La'Bri brought to my house. - Who you brought to her house La'Bri? - All the ladies that are here excluding LeaLea. - So when I asked her what she was doing, her response was bullshit. And I smelled it from a mile away. Real recognize real and fake could see, you know real could see fake from a mile away too, so that bullshit that she was trying to play with me, I don't have no tolerance for it. And if she was not serious about getting to the business of me culture her, in or out, it's your choice. That was how I felt in that moment. - Oh, you like these ladies? - I do, I got love for all of them. Whether they realize it or not. - Well anyway honey now, Stormy's house and it got real heated honey and damn near violent, oh lord, hell I ran for cover baby watching the show honey. Now let's take a look at this scene. - I coached 12 people to millionaires, there it is. God blessed me everyday girl and I say I'm so favored, when I say I got so much grace girl, I got seven figures and multiple bank accounts girl. And living real good. People pray for me everyday, people pray for me every day 'cause they so grateful 'cause how I departed and made a change in their life. I'm sorry that you a little girl and you still caught up in being economics and don't even know what the hell it is. I'm a pray for you for real and real life though. - Soon as I walked in and told her what I'm trying to do it's like, girl you aint even doing nothing. Girl how do you know? - I'm gonna let you know I got like six personalities don't let one of those motherfuckers come out on you girl. Straight up, for real. Don't let coach fool you, I'm letting you know that right now. No, she disrespectful man. She disrespectful. No I aint, listen, but I'm letting her know, 'cause this needs to be nipped in the bud today. All these motherfuckers need to know, don't motherfucking play with Stormy Wellington. - Oh my god, I don't know. - That's one motherfucking threshold you don't want to cross, I'm telling you right now. - What just happened. - So I want you to be a good example of how I mopped your ass across the floor. - It just really was like funny as hell, it took everything in me not to bust out laughing. - Girl, don't play with me little girl. - Oh, Miss Stormy Wellington girl. First of all let me ask this, who are you right now, 'cause you got six personalities. Who are you right now girl, 'cause I need to know which one of the six you are? You Stormy. - Right now I'm chilling. - You chilling. - But it could change in like one second. - Oh well we gonna keep Stormy. - Like one second, you say the wrong thing, you say the right thing, it depends on what you give me, that's what I give you back. - I want you to give me Stormy, I like her. - I reciprocate. - You like like you got a Van Sant on that show with the black hair, that was cute though. You look very professional, liked like you had a fade job or something, - thank you. Thank you. - But anyway girl, so dime now, you appear to understand where LeaLea was coming from so did you think that Miss Stormy here was in the wrong. - Initially yes, Stormy was in the wrong because the initial introduction that she perceived to us was that you know I'm better than y'all. And what I say goes, y'all just strippers and I have a million dollars so if you don't listen to what I say then you're not going to amount to nothing. That's initially the perception that we all perceived from her, because even if LeaLea said, I'm trying to learn economics, if that was not the politically right term, Stormy as her coach, or trying to be her Mentee, she should have said, let me tell you, this is what you need to do, or this is how you should say it or these are the steps that you need to take. It's like she automatically shut LeaLea down. - Yeah 'cause Stormy you did seem a little abrasive honey. Is that because you from the hood or what? - So, no, no, no, that has nothing to do, I am from the hood, - Yeah. - And I embrace it. It made me who I am today. - Yeah. - And regarding what she has to say, that is her opinion and unfortunately she could join LeaLea I don't care. - Unfortunately a leader is going to tell her soldiers what they're supposed to do, - You're not my soldiers. - He said, let's not over talk, it's my turn. - But I was talking. - So I keep saying. If you feel like you're supposed to be the mentor and she did not understand where she was trying to go, or she was not using the right terminology, you should have said, well this is what you're supposed to say. - Humility is the key that unlocks the door to abundance. - Or maybe you didn't know and that's why you couldn't teach her. So that's why you knocked her down. - Okay, sure. - Can I say something 'cause I watched the show just like everyone else did. All of us are so confident and that's all we are all selling is confidence so does that make LeaLea wrong, she didn't know what she was talking about so that made her look not like she knew what she was talking about and then we can all say that Stormy doesn't know what she's talking about but guess what, her confidence is this is my shit and I know what I'm talking about. So we can't deny her 'cause she's got something to show for it, she knows what she's saying. She's got shit to back it up. Stormy has stuff to back up. - It seems like Angel, you dick riding one person, and then you go back and then you, - I'm not dick riding anyone. - Yes you is, like one minute you're on our team and then the next minute you're on our team, that's, - I don't have to dick ride anybody. - I just done see what it is. - 'cause what I'm here to do, - LingLing honey now you were riding like Oh, you were riding with LeaLea honey and let both evenings Stormy hosted honey, you were at both of them, right. So honey do you still have the same energy towards Stormy? - Oh, I don't give two fucks about this woman right here. I mean at the end of the day. - She said two fucks. - She seems angry. - I'm not angry for nothing, I'm trying to tell you. - You don't even know me to not give two fucks about me. - I don't need to know you, I've heard a lot about you. I know people that know you. - That's the problem right there, - Excuse me I'm talking. The question was to me, thank you very much, the question's to me. - Stormy, she prayed let her talk first, - And so for her to sit there and look at me like she was better than me, I felt like there was no need to even consider her coaching me. - But this is why these girls will always be in and out the club because of their mentality. - What kind of girls again? 'cause I could have swore you came form the same boat as us. - Okay, but how you start is not how you have to finish and that's the point, I'm not going back. - And again, the only difference you got is the time, you got age on us and that's the only reason why, - So you saying Stormy is old? - Yeah she old, she old and she mean, she got age on us. - I'll be 39 in two weeks, I made my first million at 29 baby. - Okay, so you touched it one time, again you still keep it in your bank account. Can you still keep it in your bank account. - Yes ma'am I have multiple businesses, I have about six of 'em. - Everybody here has touched hundred of thousands of dollars all of us here at the end of the day. But can you stay its still sitting around all day long. No! - you have life on the pole, - Stormy let me say this honey, is there anything you feel you could have done differently, with these women. - I think she could have not called me a half Caucasian and we seen that happen. - Who, Stormy called you that? - Yes. - Don't she look mixed to you? - But what does me having to be white having to do with a cup of tea? I think that was very offensive. - It was not about being offensive, it was a truth. Me meeting you on the onset. - But that's not relevant. That's not something. - And she called you slow. - She called you a blonde. - Oh really, oh my god. - Well, you know, it was something that was said when I met you at the onset. - It wasn't appropriate. - Well that was then, that was then, I did say that. - Stormy you called her a blonde and you're blonde today? - Yes, isn't that cute. - That's some slow shit, right? - Stormy these are your fans, but anyway. - No fans here. - So let me tell you, anything that you feel that you could have done differently with these ladies to make them feel empowered honey, instead of threatened by you. - No. - First of all nobody felt threatened by her that's getting at, be clear, no one felt threatened by her. - You didn't feel threatened? - No we felt the way she came off was crazy but as time went on I listened to Stormy and like I've always said in, no matter how I felt about Stormy I said I liked her because she was real and she stayed true to who she was But I'm never threatened by no female, period. So let's get that clear. - That's clear. - Okay, we clear. - Well La'Bri honey, since you pulled all these ladies together for this mixer honey and it went to hell honey in a hand basket in five seconds. What do you have to say for yourself missy. - I feel like you're a hypocrite, all the things you was pointing at me there's three back at you because the same situation you were trying to give me advice on at the time, that's your current situation now. - Like what? - Like you told me to stop talking to hood niggers, niggers in the hood. - My dude is not a hood nigger. He's a very well known, Grammy award nominating producer baby. - That don't have nothing to with who, okay. Alright. - it's two different things. Okay? - Okay. - What's a hood nigger, I need to know? - A hood nigger still got his ear and his business in the streets. - That's again assuming, all these girls do is assume. Do your homework sweeties. - Alright child honey, so inquiring minds want to know what enhancements or nip tucking each of you have done? We're gonna go down the list. - Everyone in Atlanta has got some work done, cut it out. - So Angel you had some work down. - Yes I been in the game since I was 18. If you want to stay in the game you gotta up your shit. That's it, you gotta look like the rest of everybody else. - You had some work baby? - Yes. - What you have done? - My bottom. - Now your breasts about to come out, I see your nipple. - Yeah. - So you can put those girls in. - Yeah these is real. They came from the baby. - They came from the baby. - Mmhmm. - Mmhmm, what about you Stormy? - I've had several things done. - Really? - I've had a lot of work done, you got to think about it my first time in the strip club I was 13, I be 39 in two weeks, so I've had several of, little augmentations done, nip tucks here and there. I may get some more real soon. - Yeah, La'Bri? - What I have had done? I've had my breasts done, I've had lipo, I've also had butt injections you could call them. - So after the baby you think you might do some work or anything? - No, I personally don't think that in, just a little commentary with you Angel, like you saying everybody has to keep, or get work don't to try and keep up with everybody else. - I told you not to, so that's not. So don't say that I told you. - You just said it out loud saying, that everybody has to do it to keep in competition. - I didn't say everyone, - You just said everybody in Atlanta has work done to get where they need to go. - We know you didn't have no work done, we know that. - I already established that I have no work done but I'm saying not everybody has to get work done period, I'm not gonna change, whether you said it or not. - Oh. - And I'm saying it 'cause I got a face I got a personality and best believe if I wanted to lose weight, gain weight, there's different dietary plans like you could become a vegan, people gain weight, lose weight from it, there's health workouts, like there's so much more to it. - So what if you got other things, - Wait, wait, wait, I'm not done yet Angel, Angel, I'm not done yet. - Gary did you get any work done? - Did I get any work done? Not yet but girl I want my stomach done and my butt done. Look I want to be a dancer honey, - Yes, let's get this shit. - So Dime what have you had done honey? - I got contoured. - You got contoured? - Yes. - So when you say contoured what, they shaped you? - Yeah, they mold you. - Really? - Did you get a fat transfer or? - You had a fat transfer to? - No it's contour, no, listen, everybody that has a nice shape that doesn't necessarily mean that they had their body done. This shape. - Oh alright honey. - I'm from Dade County, you know what I'm saying, like we cornbread fed round these pieces, you feel me. So like. - Alright baby, oh. - Don't try me like that. - Alright honey, well you know that I think they should start doing this for men, they should have men get some damn work on their bodies. - Men get lipo. - Men get a bunch of lipo. - They get etch-a-sketch too, with the fake ab work. - Men need to get penile implants too. - They do. - They get those too? - Yes they do. - Really, oh, lord. - They get penis enlargements, everything. - They can't be doing penis enlargements. - Yes they do Gary. - Really? - Yes, they do. - Oh my god, I need to talk to my friend. But anyway honey. for those who don't know honey, Ricky Smiley my boss, is a producing partner and very good friend with the executive producer Shonte Paige who shared LingLing's story with him and he wanted to do something special for her. So on behalf of Ricky Smiley, we would like to present you a gift certificate for 250 dollars to buy a crib for your unborn son, LingLing. - Thank you. Where's he at, ah, that's so sweet. - Yes, honey. - Shonte, my twin. - I was about to say, you all are twinning baby. - We are twinning. - Thank you. - So here's my closing remarks to all you lovely people. You all are so beautiful. - Thank you. - Your dream doesn't have to have an expiration date. Take a deep breath and try again. - Yes. - I'll be back next season, and that's right, there will be a next season, if you all didn't know that honey. So y'all aint got to go home but you gotta get the motherfuck out of here. Good night everyone. - Stormy stay they kicking us out. That's where the story at, Stormy going at it. - Okay, we have beverages please, these ladies needs beverages honey. Y'all honey, these girls need a cocktail, a cocktail. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 