Beyond the Pole: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Beyond the Pole 
 s1e3 - Let Me Make Myself Clear - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Beyond the Pole (2018–2019): Season 1, Episode 3 - Let Me Make Myself Clear - full transcript 
 The ladies try to deal with the shock of being kicked out of Stormy's home. Ling Ling meets with Lyfe Jennings to give him an answer to the solution he proposed about her living situation. ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 [deep drumming] - [Woman] Previously on Beyond the Pole. - Hello, honey, did you miss me? - One, two. Bring those knees in, bring it in. - Since we couldn't get our big asses up the pole, we did what we do best, slaying ass. [fun rhythmic music] - Okay baby, get your friend out of my house. - Oh my gosh, this is-- - It ain't even your house, it's an Airbnb, girl, bye. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - I made millions of dollars and coached over 12 people to millionaire status. I'm not about to debate with you, you, or nobody. - See, you don't wanna listen. - Girl, listen, I'm not about to do this with you. - Don't touch me and don't touch my money. - So I got a text saying that you're not gonna be able to do the show, you're gonna move. - I didn't know what to do. I felt like I had hit rock bottom. I needed the fast money and I need it now. - I think I got a solution to your problem. - My strategy, okay, I wanna get in, dance. I'm gonna stack up my money and get out. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - You got it, you got it. [fun rap music] [soft rhythmic music] [fun energetic music] - LeaLea and Stormy argument went from zero to 100 really, really quick. - Please get out my house! Whatever we doing right now, this gotta go. - Please, for the sake of God, go. - She mad in real life because she told me she studied economics and don't know what economics is and she's studying economics. I can't right now. I've coached 12 people to millionaire status. God blesses me everyday, girl. When I say I'm so [mumbles], when I say I got so much brakes, girl, I got seven figures in multiple bank accounts, girl! And living real good. People pray for me everyday, people pray for me everyday because they're so grateful of how I've [mumbles] and made a change in their life. I'm sorry that you a little girl and you still caught up in being in economics and don't even know what the hell it is. I'm gonna pray for you, for real, in real life though. - Soon as I walked in and told her what I'm trying to do, it's like, girl, you ain't been doing nothing. Bitch, how do you know? - Because I'm gonna let you know I got like six personalities, don't let one them motherfuckers come out on you, girl, straight up, for real. Don't let Coach full you, I'm gonna let you know that right now. No, she disrespectful man, she disrespectful. Listen, but I'm letting her know because this needs to be nipped in the bud today. All these motherfuckers need to know. Don't motherfucking play with Stormy Wellington. - Oh my god, I don't know. - That's one motherfucking threshold you don't wanna cross, I'm telling you right now. - [Woman] What happened? - I want you to be a good example of how I knocked your ass across the floor. - It just really was just funny as hell. It took everything in me not to bust out laughing. - Girl, don't play with me, little girl! - I'm trying to be everything but the stereotypical. - I hear you're not fixing to go to a strip club and get no coins! Because I'll have a motherfucker fuck you up every god damn day you go to the motherfucking club! - Let her go, let her go! - You ain't gonna be walk no more! - Let her go, let her go. - That's the bitch I am! She was saying, come outside. Girl, I'm not gonna touch you, girl, I am too beautiful for that. I'm not gonna do that. I will pay somebody else to touch you. Why would I do that? That's what money is for, you're supposed to recycle, you're supposed to stimulate the economy. I would've gave somebody else that job. Listen, reality show people, I will fuck me a motherfucker up, believe that. I want you all to know that, for real. I'm a coach, I love the lord with all my heart but I will kick me a motherfuckers ass, okay. And ask God to forgive me when I'm motherfucking finished. I feel like she was being very childish and I know me, that's why I don't put myself in environments that will cause me to become the other person, the other side of me. And it just happened, it's like a reflex. You keep pissing me off and Stormy from the streets came out. - Basically, I would say, Stormy asked her a question. Stormy didn't like her answer, or she didn't have the right answer. And from there it just... And you do get offended when people ask you questions and you don't know how to answer them. That's what it was. You were asking her things she wasn't educated herself about, she wasn't prepared to answer that. So that can come across as frustrating. - That's true. - When you're putting on this facade like, I know what the fuck I'm talking about and then somebody asks you questions, you don't even know how to answer them. - Everything that LeaLea was saying, she shut her down, every little point she was trying to give, she shut her down on every little thing. And I didn't like none of that. She's a woman of empowerment. - Yeah, that's why I'm really shocked that your conversation went left field like that because-- - Want me to tell you why? She's used to being the sharpest knife in the jar. - Yeah, that's what we were saying. - So she's used to being the strongest one in her group amongst the little stripper girl. So here comes someone that challenged her and it made her feel embarrassed. - That's what I said, she feels that we're younger. - So it wasn't that I was trying to intimidate her or be condescending with what I was asking her. You're here because we're talking about the future, right. So I asked you what you're doing and you say, I'm trying to study this thing. I'm confused. So are you just trying to sound smart like you're used to sounding amongst your peers and stripper girls? And you come over here with Coach Stormy Wellington, I'm not going for it. Like she was just saying something to sound busy. So I felt like, again, people say things because it sounds good, she didn't sound very authentic. Live in this fake delusion of a life. And we do it and forget you're gonna be 60 years old one day. So when your titties sagging and your fake booty dragging, what you gonna do then? - LeaLea, she was a good role model to me. So I didn't respect none of that. - Hey, you look cute. - You look really good. - Thanks. Girl, you missed all the tea tonight. - What, what you guys in here doing? You all had some male dancers again? - I mean, no, originally it was a party, now it's just a gathering between us three. - Oh, wow. - The other ladies had to leave. - When I came to the mixer, it seems like it's practically over. I was ready for the mixer though. I don't know what happened to it. - They couldn't stay with us. - Three's company. - This is Stormy. - Hi, you look so cute. Nice to meet you. - Is this from your collection? - Yup. - I love that. - They look like [mumbles]. - That's her collection, she has a boutique, she has some really nice pieces. - Awesome. Angel Kake is cute. I could tell that she's a hustler, I could tell she's got her hood side, and I'm happy that she told me she has some Caucasian in her family because I could tell. She acts like a nice, cute blonde. - You know, basically I was a stylist, so I-- - Oh, you were a stylist too? - Yeah, I styled some makeup artists, so I just go ahead and pick out all the pieces from my line. - That's super cute. Is it really good stretch like [mumbles]? - It fits really good. - Where's your boutique? - I had a store before actually over this way off of Walker. - So you just do online sales now? - Yeah, now online. - That's good, it's not even worth it. - No overhead. - It's not even worth it having overhead. - Yeah, I was about to say online is really good though. - She seems like a very alpha female. She's gorgeous, she seems like she's on her business, she knows it, she knows her self worth. I like her, she's cool. - You know, I brought all you ladies over here to meet with Stormy. She's a life coach, so I just really wanted her to, she's not here to talk down on us or tell us what we're doing is wrong, that's not the right or wrong way to get to where we wanna be in life. She's just telling us how she got where she's at. Originally, I just felt like her and LeaLea just got into it really bad, that's why everybody else ended up leaving. Well, they didn't end up leaving, she put them out. - Hold up. - That was the best thing to do because LeaLea was not trying to-- - Hold on, they got into it with you? - I don't know what it was called. I mean, I got out of character. I'm so sorry that it happened but they pushed me to that point. - I'm here for all the business. - You gotta be humble. You can't confuse someone who is confident in what they do for cockiness. So I think she came here, you could tell she had her preconceived notion of me all ready. You could tell somebody told her something about me that's not true. - I don't think that it's that. - You missed the whole thing. If you saw her attitude from the time she walked in the door. - I wasn't saying that. I just had picked up that vibe from when I had first met her. Because I really kind of didn't care for her a lot because it was kind of very cocky. She is like in self healing right now. She's only been cancer free for like-- - A year. - A year, and so her confidence helps her heal. This is part of her-- - I get what you saying. I knew she was dealing with something internal, I said that. - Right, that's what she markets herself as this confident woman who overcame cancer and that confidence-- - That's great, there's nothing wrong with that. - Right, but that confidence is not humble but if you got to know her, you would know that that confidence is-- - Helping her to heal, I got you. - I don't think she means bad but she just needs to-- - [La'Bri] Right, I've never seen her like that before. - She's still healing, I think. - She needs to find Jesus, I'm gonna pray for her. [laughing] No, I'm gonna pray for her. We make mistakes and so, if I rubbed you wrong or you rubbed me wrong, when you are grown and you're mature and you know who you are and whose you are, you tend to be a little bit, much more humble and you tend to have more gratitude for life. And I know she overcame breast cancer as well and I'm very grateful for her story. So do you still dance right now? - I do. - So what's the average income per day? Because you guys are beautiful. So what's the average? - Honestly? - [Stormy] Like for real. - At least 1,000. - Is that considered a good night? - You're not happy but you're-- - No, I'm happy with $1,000. - I imagine because, shit, you make $1,000, you still gotta tip out bout 350. - How do they know how much you made? - I'm not happy with $1,000. - How do they know how much money you made? - They watch you now, they call it sales. - So wait a minute, it's called sale. - Yeah, they watch you. - So you make $1,000 and they want 35% of your money? - You might as well say. - 35, shit. - Basically? - Basically, yeah. - Okay, so when we getting together again so I can show you how to make more than that and keep your clothes on? We gotta make this happen, for real. - I'm ready. - I'm really devastated. - [Angel] I'm getting chills. - I'm excited. All right, give me a hug, thank you girls for coming over. - Thank you so much. - DOn't bring your crazy friend back over here no more. So I may be soft with my kids, I may be soft with my man, but I'm not about to be soft with these women because the reality is this, they're either gonna get in line or they're gonna miss the boat, bottom line. [exciting rhythmic music] - Mr. 2Weeks is me and Dime's trainer and we're going to work out with him today. - This ain't what we doing. - What we doing? - You're doing back, you're doing ass today, let me show you. - Mr. 2Weeks trains everyone. He trains all the video vixens, he trains everyone's girlfriend, every stripper. Yeah, this is only 25 pounds. - We got three sets of this. - Three sets, I done did at least four! - Nah, you didn't. - I wasn't surprised that Mr. 2Weeks trained Dime because he trains all the beautiful girls in Atlanta. So it didn't surprise me at all. That is so cool we got the same trainer. - That's crazy. - Now we can start to meet up and work out together. - Yes. - How long have you been dancing? - About six years on and off. - Oh, okay, are you from Atlanta? - No, I'm from Miami actually. I'm up here sneaking and dancing. - Oh, sneaking and geeking. [laughing] - Yes, my family do not know girl. I live a double life and the reason that I choose to live a double life is because I feel like it's so many girls that are parading around that they're dancers and that they're strippers, and so many people are like, oh, that's how you got this and that's how you got that, and no one really gives us the time to get to know us to say, oh, okay, well what else do you have going on? Once you tell them that you're a dancer, everything else goes out the door. So I prefer to let them know the corporate side of me before they know the street side of me. So that way once they find out that I am a dancer, the outlook on me will be totally different if they're open minded. It's just me and my daughter up here now. - Oh, that's sweet. - But you know I work at the hospital too and the school. - Sheesh, what do you do there? - Well, I'm a part time teacher and I work in NICU. So that's how I cover up the whole dancing thing. - [Angel] What do you do at the hospital? - Work at NICU with the babies. - Oh, nice. - Does your family know? - Yeah, all my sisters have danced before. I have two sisters that dance, my mom knows I dance. It's pretty much like-- - Girl, my daddy would kill me if he found out I dance. I will break his little heart. Growing up, I was a only girl. So of course, by my father raising me, he had this picture perfect ideal life on, you know, my daughter, she's gonna be a virgin forever, she's gonna go to college and meet this man. And reality hits, you know, I started dating, I end up getting pregnant, and it kind of broke my dad's heart. So I went to go stay with my mom for a while. She just wasn't one of those moms that you would look up to. So I was like, well, hell, I don't need her and, hell, I don't need my dad either. They both turned their back on me. So that's how I started dancing. My daughter, she's 16 now and I don't, I'm gonna eventually tell her but-- - You don't think she knows though? - No. My daughter, Justice, means the world to me. Everything that I have done was for my daughter, Justice. So my goal is to keep her out of the club. I still want my daughter to go to college and get the education that she needs. My goal is for my daughter to never see the inside of a strip club, ever. Does your son know you dance? - He sees me count my money. He sees my big old shoes. - How old is he? - He's seven but you know what, I think he just thinks it's regular because I've danced for the last two years. So it's not always been in his life but he's seen a lot. So you know, I don't wanna hide it. My son sees my shoes, he sees everything, he sees me in thongs, all my pictures and stuff that I've taken on Instagram. So he doesn't exactly understand it, so my goal is to get out before he does. So did you get anything done like dancing, like work done? - No, I haven't got any work done. - SO part of my transition is I got stuff done when I was 18. The big old butts were really popping years ago, and now-- - Girl, trust me, I know. Because even when I'm in my business uniforms, when I go to work, I get nasty looks from the girls at work, rolling their eyes. - Well, you have a really nice body. - Thank you, but still, I just wanna go to work and make some money. - That's how I feel. - You know, my butt's big. People are like checking it out, they're looking. I don't want that attention. I don't want people to look at my butt. Like okay, if you think I'm beautiful, that's fine, but don't follow me around because you're looking at my butt. It's like whatever I have on, when I'm at my son's school and people are like, oh, where you strip at? I think I'm gonna make a doctor's appointment after I leave here. They say you can't remove this stuff but I've had it in for so long, the shit is coming out one way or another. - You just have to go to the right person. Don't go to somebody who you haven't seen their work before because you don't wanna be messed up. - I've been researching them. After this, I'm gonna see about making an appointment. - I'll come with you if you need some support. - When Dime offered to come to the doctors with me, I think it'll be pretty cool. At least I'll be able to have someone there for support. I'm definitely glad that I have someone that I can laugh or talk about, or joke about it about. Because really, it's funny. It's like some shit I did when I was really young. - [Woman] Light skin dudes take up too much money, so no. - What about a fat dude? What about a fat man? [mumbles] - I'm not. - That's not racist. - A fat man, now that-- - I dated a fat dude before. - I've never dated a fat man, sorry. - That's the best kind of nut to get because his fat ass belly be right there. - Yeah, but see, again, you're talking, I don't need clit stimulation to get a nut. - I do! - I don't have to have that. - I do, I need a nigga up on that thing. - Yeah, no, I don't even need that. Just get inside and hit this G spot. - You can tell I ain't got no man, ya'll. I'm fixing to go on Tinder. How the fuck do I make an account? Make me a Tinder. [laughing] - [mumbles] I don't even wanna talk about my man. [deep rhythmic music] - So today, I'm meeting with Lyfe just to go over the offer that he had gave me a little while ago. - So what's happening with you, man? - It's been better, it's been really better. You know, I talked to my son. It was a real refreshment for me to just talk to him and tell me about his soccer practice and how he's the goalie. It's real nice. [mumbles] I can actually really be at peace. - What about the place, how the place going? - It's great, I got approved completely. So I'm like really, really excited about that. So what I was thinking was you said you wanna help me financially with a little bit of money. I was thinking I could use that towards the apartment. - You can do whatever you want to do with it. Buy a new coat, some boots. Whatever, it's on you. But I would use it for that, you dig what I'm saying? - Yeah, I mean, I really do appreciate the offer of trying to help me. [mumbles], no I'm not turning you down like a little spoiled brat. - Oh, you want that check, don't front. [laughing] I get it, I get it. - I just wanna feel like I'm doing it on my own. I don't wanna feel like I'm owing anybody in the future. I don't want it to be thrown back in my face. I really don't even wanna accept the money but I know I really need it. I really have to put my pride down for this. - Have you been over to the new spot really? - Yeah, it's not everything that I dreamed of. - I'm happy for you, man, I'm happy for you. - Thank you, and I appreciate, seriously, everything. - That's cool. - It was a nice, nice gesture of Lyfe to offer me to stay in his second home and kind of be the home giver for it. Yes, I wanna work for taking care of his home. I would love to take care of the cleaning, whatever I need to do, but at the same time, I still feel like, okay, I owe more. And I don't wanna be pushing to feel like I'm obligated to do more than just that. So I chose to do it differently and he still chose to support me with it. - [Man] Biscuits and gravy. - Yeah, that's me right here. Thank you, thank you, thank you. [mumbles] - Thank you, thank you. Just with everything in court, with my grandparents and stuff trying to fight me for my whole parental rights and it's just like when that judge told me that financial stability with his great grandparents would be better than his loving mom. Nobody's gonna really love your child like a parent, you know how it is. You're a great father, you love your kids to the fullest and beyond. - So you don't have any visiting rights or nothing? - Mmm hmm, anything at all. - This is not making sense to me. There's either something you're not telling me or some confusion going on somewhere because if they got rid of your parental rights, they had to have a reason to get rid of those parental rights. They may get rid of your custodial rights, but they not gonna just get rid of your parental rights because you are not financially capable of taking care of that child. So, there's something I'm not getting. - The situation with my son, about five years ago, my, my family watched my son due to me being in an abusive relationship. I had to go through a battered women's program. I asked my mom and my grandma, I'm like, hey, can you watch him while I do this. And they took that on, they said, yeah, we can do this for you. My mom gave me a phone call, was like, hey, we need some paperwork to really just make sure we can take him to the doctors, stuff like that. I was like, oh, okay. My mom handed me a pamphlet about a good 10, 15 pages long. I'm thinking, what the fuck is this? It said that I was an unfit parent, that I needed to turn over all my rights of my son to her. And I told her, straight up, I'm not doing none of this shit. This is the paperwork that started the whole case. So I just want you read the first part to yourself on what they're petitioning to terminating my parental rights. And after that, it went to my grandparents battling me for my whole parental rights. And I took them to trial. The judge told me my son deserves financial stability and terminated my rights. I'm sorry, you guys, can I have a minute? - You know, you know me, I always shoot straight from the hip, man, and keeping it all the way 100 real with you, you was going through something in your life and you dropped the ball, man. Because from reading this, it's basically just saying you was away from the child, they adopted the child, you never talked to the child. - No, they didn't adopt him, they're trying to. - Yeah, trying to adopt him and then you just basically just, for whatever reason, fell off. - So, what Lyfe is telling me that I didn't petition my case in the right amount of time. And to me, I don't understand much of the law, so I felt that he was attacking me when I really didn't know any better. - I'm talking all around, pound for pound, after school programs, attention, financially all of that stuff. Do you think that he is better off where he's at? - No. - No? - No. - Okay. - I'm not giving up that easy. He's an amazing little boy, he deserves to be fought for, he deserves to have his mom. I'm gonna win, I got faith in myself. - Always a pleasure seeing you, young lady. Be prosperous, let me know how that thing goes. Tell your boy I say happy birthday, man. - Thank you. - All right, mama. [deep rhythmic music] - So, I'm at work and I seen LeaLea go in the dressing room. I haven't seen her since the conversation took place between her and Stormy, so I decided to go in there and talk to LeaLea. And I could tell she was still kind of upset. You good? - Girl, I'm good, I mean, like, I just went home and had to refocus my energy, had to get my energy back to a positive level. I ain't really like that, I didn't really like her approach because it's like I get it, you made it. You did and I'm proud of you for that, but at the same time, in the process of making it, you cannot, you cannot possibly think that it's okay for you to-- - Down others. - Downplay what somebody else has been working hard to do. Because when I came to the little thing, I came with the mindset of, okay, well, she doing something, she might help us, so I'm not about to bring you anything I feel like I can do by myself. So because economic stability is important to me and because that's what I'm studying, why wouldn't I try to figure out if you could help me in that arena? So I'm gonna tell you about it but as soon as I start telling you about it, you're like, you don't know the proper name for it because you ain't been doing shit, or that work is bullshit. Like, how do you know, man? You ain't even read the book about black economics? - I mean, I think her delivery was wrong. - Way wrong. - But after talking to her a little bit, I don't really feel like she had any ill intentions. But some people, they don't know how to talk or deliver things. I really don't think she meant no harm. I think ya'll can kind of maybe one day sit down and talk about it and kind of squash it. - You know, I was trying to talk to you then and you didn't wanna listen. - LeaLea's the type of person, once she's mad, she's mad. She does not let it go. She will drag it on for hours and hours and talk about it forever. We're gonna be around each other, just try to make it work. I mean, if you don't feel like it's sincere, of course, friend, I would never tell you to be around somebody you feel like you gotta be fake around. I was trying to get her to realize that maybe Stormy was just maybe having a bad day and maybe they can sit down over coffee or over whatever, and have a one on one conversation about what escalated it and what can make them go back to where they should have been so they can both be progressive in their business relationship. I think both of ya'll were being who you were. It was just two strong personalities butting heads. - [LingLing] Ya'll talking about the thing from last night? - Yeah. - See, I know what I can do, I know I can be cool. - We all felt that energy because we was like, whoa, wait a minute, calm down. - I had [mumbles], I was like ah. - I'm just like, calm down, relax. But I'm just saying, just move on from it, we can move on from it. - Exactly, move on from it. - We are. - It's draining to just keep talking about it. - You gotta go ahead, that's the thing [mumbles]. - Okay, well, if ya'll moved on from it, then ya'll moved from it. - I gotta get going, I gotta catch this flight. See ya later, hon. - Okay, sis, so since we're moving on from that, girl, how about why Justice said that her dad told her I dance. - Her daddy. - Her daddy told her I dance. Like, they were having some type of argument and then he was like, oh, your mama a stripper. Man, that is not funny. - No, I'm talking about how he just really like told her like that. - Right, and I'm like, that's a conversation I wanted to have with her. - If he was doing that to hurt her. - Of course. - Like to say, oh, your mama's a stripper to hurt her, how is that hurting you, you're hurting your daughter. - Yeah. - Okay, so you told her I was a dancer but you just fucked up your great relationship with your daughter. - That's the shit that I don't like because I called him and I'm talking to him about it. I'm like, did you tell Jus this, you know. - Right. - He was like, oh you know, me and her, we got into an argument and she got mad and she said something about my mom. And I, like, first of all-- - Oh, you're playing the mama jokes with your daughter. - You're a grown ass man and you got mad. That's what we doing. - So she said something about your mama, now I'm gonna say something about your mama. - Yeah, and I just told him, I'm like, bro, that hurt me because that's something that I wanted to have with my child. That's not something you just say when you're angry. Because now, she's probably like, well, you've been lying to me this whole time or. For her to even think like, well, if my mama do it, then it's okay for me to do it. No, I asked her, I said, well, how do you feel about it? And she was just like, well you're my mom, I love you, I don't care. - Right, that love's unconditional. - Right, it made me feel good but it pissed me off so bad. - Even though it was delivered in a negative content, it still worked out in your favor anyway. See what I'm saying, because it was an ice breaker. You've been wanting to have this conversation with your daughter and I feel like all the time, we have to listen to how we speak these things out in the universe, see what I'm saying. [groaning] I know, I know, I know, I know you get emotional because this is your child and the one person that we do this for is our child. And then to be doing all this for your child and your child possibly hate you for it. - I will feel like a failure if my daughter goes into the club. This is not a family tradition here, we're not gonna start that. - Take the hustle, just apply it to a different game. - [Ms. Dime] Yeah. [fun exciting music] - So today I invited LeaLea to go bike riding so I can tell her what some of the girls was saying and stuff. - How are you? Let me get one of the bikes but tell us what the difference. - I got regular bikes and electric bikes. - So I think I'm gonna stick with this bike right here. Okay, my seat is good. If I fall, I got cushion. [laughing] Hey, I'll pay you when I get back. [fun playful music] Whoo, girl I ain't rode a bike in so long, oh my god. Laina invites me to go bike riding and I literally feel like a beginner. But hey, let's go and see how this goes. Hopefully I don't break my neck. When's the last time you rode a bike? - About like five years. [yelling] - Let me slow down some, girl, before I run off the side of this thing. [mumbles] if I was hurt, therefore I'd try to save my ass first. Man, let me pick that ass off the sidewalk for you. [laughing] Hey, the longer I do this, the better I get, ya'll. So into bike riding a little bit, Laina informs me that she needs to tell me somethings that she overheard. In my head, I'm really thinking that, look, I wasn't there, I don't really care but if you just wanna get it out, let me just hear you out. - So I wanted to talk to you about the other day with you and Stormy. - Girl, what? - After LeaLea left from the confrontation between her and Stormy, I was still there and I overheard them talking about LeaLea. - I was done, once I felt like she wasn't trying to hear me, it was over because I wasn't trying to hear her. - Well, I felt like you carried yourself well. - I try but I was like, yeah, I was about two seconds from just being hella ratched. So let me get out of here. - Yes, I just seen your facial expression, I'm like. She just kept trying to shoot you down. She didn't wanna hear what you was saying. - I mean, how did you feel about it, did you stay, did you leave? - I stayed but they didn't know I was here. I kind of heard them, they was going in. - It's okay, we're gonna keep her in our prayers, I promise you, we're gonna keep her in our prayers. - Angel. - Uh huh. - She don't even know the situation but she was really talking stuff, talking bad about you. - I don't even know her. - Well she knew you. - She know of me, a lot of people know of me but they don't know me. When you sit around and you listen to negative energy, it affects you and every time you see the person that they told you this negative energy about, that's all you're gonna be thinking about and I usually don't like to be in those type of situations. I mean, people do that everyday. - You just gotta watch her. - Oh girl, I'm not about to watch anybody. Clear that they watching me enough. - I would love for you to come to my body painting shoot I have coming up. - Okay. - I would love for you to come because I'm a little shy. - I know, I was about to say, you're about to do a body paint. - I need a little wine. - I got you, I'm gonna be there, I'm gonna be your cheerleader, go Laina, you better get it, baby. Well girl, it's getting a little cloudy out here and a little cool. You wanna take the bikes back and sit down and get something to drink or something? - Yeah. - All right, let's go. Whoo, I'm told you, I'm out of touch now, I'm out of touch, Laina. [fun rhythmic music] Today we have been invited to Rolling Out to discuss controversial topics on the dancing industry. - SO ladies, it's good to meet all of you. You know, stripping is not like the old days. Now it's like a more high profile thing. But I hear in New York, the bottle girls is trying to come and take over. - Listen, you not coming in my club and I'm naked and you thinking you gonna make what I make. It's gonna be some furniture moving if you think you're gonna come in my spot. And you got your clothes on, yeah, you showing a little bit of butt and this, but I'm completely naked and you making all of the money. No, that's completely unfair. If you wanted to make all of the money, you should've been a stripper. And down south, we do not play that. Dancers always rule, period. - Are you finding yourself trying to beef yourself up on Instagram and social media just to keep up? - No, I don't. - I don't feel like I'm trying to keep up, I feel like to me, social media is marketing and promotion. - I, for one, don't put any twerk videos up. I just don't promote it on social media because I don't, because I just feel like they're gonna come in the club, they're gonna spend money regardless, and I'm not gonna put it on social media for them to see it for free. That stuff lasts forever. The girls who do decide to twerk on social media, that's their business. I'm also in the corporate world, so I know how sometimes, things may resurface back up and I never want somebody to pull a video up of me twerking. Plus, I have a 16 year old daughter, I don't want her posting twerk videos on Instagram. I'll break her neck. - Again, this goes with being unapologetically happy with who you are. - Your Instagram is lit. - My Instagram is lit, honey, because one post you may see me talking about economics and for the culture, and the next, you might see me twerking to Michael Jackson, but that's all of me. I don't see the issue with twerking on social media because it's no different, to me, then dancing, moonwalking, break dancing on social media. I think people tend to over sexualize everything. It's just entertainment, honestly, I don't see the problem with it at all. I turn my social media into a cash cow. - Okay. - I makes money. - I do feel like LeaLea kind of dominated the whole conversations. Like she forgot that it was a whole row of us that had to answer the questions. Like, hey, how you doing, I'm here too. If you wanted your own interview, you could've came by yourself. - So where does it end? Is it 40, I'm done? - If you can get out, if you're 47, 50 years old dancing in the club, looking old, you need to go. - Where do you see your plateau? - The goal should be ultimately that you've achieved or gained some type of income or you can take care of yourself outside of dancing. So for me, I'm gonna set a date because I'm done and I feel like I admire LeaLea because she lives into her character. Me, I feel like it's like drug dealing at one point was tearing our young black men apart, I feel like this dancing epidemic is tearing our young black girls apart. - And how does that make you guys feel? In Atlanta, it's a big thing with the little waist and the butt shot injections and everybody is getting so in it. And it's coming from the stripping industry, a lot of it, just to make more money. - I got enhancement when I was 18. So I'm way older than 18, of course you know that now. But when you're 18, you're somebody totally different than you are in your 30's. Every women gets enhancements and I think that no one is real to say what they got or what they're getting, because I think it's just like the street code in the street is no one tells their real business. I feel like dancers aren't open about it, but I am. - But what about the ones who are honest and say, no, I have never had any enhancements but because it's such a big deal in the industry-- - They think we all did. - Everybody feels like you did. Like long before I ever walked into a strip club, people always thought I danced. - A lot of people don't share their real deep dark secrets. I'm only sharing my deep dark secret. - But it's not their place to. [deep tense music] I just felt like it was just a whole bunch of shade int he room, honestly. - The downfall about being late is I'm always the cutest person in the room but I miss the majority of the interview. I really don't know what she was talking about. I literally caught the ass end of it. - All the way down at the end. Hi, pretty lady. - Hi, how are you? - What is the plateau, what is the goal right now? Is it just survival mode, get in, get the money and get out, or which one? - It's get in, get the money and get out because I also have a business and just honestly, being in the club every night, I feel as if it's holding me back from my business. - So what is it that you want people to see about you and walk away with? - These girls need to realize jumping into dancing is not just easy and fun for games. You can really get lost in this game. - So I just want people to not look at us like we're any different. We still can be dancers and still run businesses and be successful business women. We're not just strippers. [mumbles] Right. Just because we're considered dancers or strippers, or whatever, exotic dancers, that doesn't mean that we also can't wear other hats. Dancing isn't the only thing that I do. - All right, ya'll, you guys gotta tune in to Beyond the Pole this 2018 on the Urban Movie Channel. Come on, ya'll. - It's gonna be lit. - [mumbles] but if you my man and that's all. - So, once I eat his ass? - I'll probably have sex with you because I'm comfortable. - What if I eat his ass? - Who? - Because Gabrielle eats D Wade's ass, don't she? - I mean, if that's what your man likes, eat that shit. I gotta love you, I gotta love you to eat the ass. - [mumbles] sucking the balls and you lick the balls up. - Oh my. - Just no where near your asshole, baby. - It's right because you gotta go up under. - It's a stretch, baby, it's a little stretch right there. - But it depends, some dudes got a little stretch, some dudes got a big stretch. - Okay, well I'll get me a nigga with a big stretch then. - Like you just gonna say, bend over, let me see how long your stretch is. - When he lay down and you get around to suck his dick, you can see that, you can see all of that. - But hold up, you just try a little bit [mumbles]. [screaming] - You pushing me down there, you waiting to lick. - You with it, you with it. - By the time, baby, you wouldn't fuck shit. [mumbles] - [mumbles], the next day you be like, this skinny motherfucker. [laughing] [deep rhythmic music] - [Woman] All right, thank you so much for calling. We definitely appreciate it. - Thank you so much. - [Woman] All right, be safe. - Okay, thank you very much. - Hey, LeaLea. - [LeaLea] Hey, what's going on? - I wanted to talk to you for a sec. Do we have something going on because I see the energy is not, like something's going on between you and I. - After the Rolling Out interview, Angel comes up and says that she feels some tension in the room, rightfully so, because admittedly, I was, I was very tense. When we left, when I left the mixer with Stormy and you came in after the fact, and it was kind of like you had some things to say about me and you having some kind of altercation before. And I'm like, when because I just met you at the mixer [mumbles]. - Well, I definitely don't ever remember us having an altercation because we, I've-- - I was just trying to figure out why my name was in your mouth in the first place after I was gone and I wasn't there. So I just wanted to comment on that. - Well, I was actually defending you. So I don't know, maybe they weren't there for that whole conversation but whoever had said anything to you, I don't know exactly what they said. - Well, Laina is the person who actually told me. I don't think she did it in a malicious way, I'm just one of those people that when I hear something, I have to take my time to absorb it because I don't like to just lash out. SO I'd rather probably just not speak to you until I can speak to you when I know I'm not gonna be confrontational. But she said you were saying I'm used to being in the limelight and that me and you had some kind of altercation once before and-- - I do think that you, you do like the center of attention so I'm not gonna ever take that back. - But no I don't, I'm just me. - Okay, that's fine and if you-- - But to say that I like the center of attention, that's like saying I'm purposely trying to be the center of attention and that's not the case, that's a misconception. - Okay, so I did say that but I also said that this is your personality. - Well that sounds better. - You're not trying to be extra but it's just-- - Who I am. - It's just who you are. - But that doesn't mean I like being in the center of attention. - I mean. - That's two totally different meanings. - I mean, I like that about you. So when I first met you, I was like, okay, this girl, she's a lot to handle because you do have a very strong personality and if you don't know you, all you see is confident, confident, confident. And no one would know anything about you. - Yes, I am a very confident person, yes, I'm happy all the time, yes, I'm just me. Now if that just makes people gravitate to me and it makes me appear that I like to be the center of attention, then that's everybody else's issue, not mine. But I am happy that you did come to me and talk to me about it because I really didn't have anything to say in there because I feel like I'm sitting around a bunch of people that as soon as I walk out the room, then everybody wants to talk about LeaLea, when I'm in the room, everybody's quiet as fuck. I don't like that. [deep tense music] I am aware that my energy is like all over the place, but when I'm not physically in a room, I feel like my name should not be in the room either. People need to just keep my name out of their mouths, just continue on with their day. Everybody be happy, namaste. Because see, I don't play those kind of games because it's so easy for things like this to get out of hand. It just happens to be that both of us are adult enough to come talk about it. But just say we weren't and we fight, and we caddy, and as soon as I saw you, I want to snatch you. It would've just been all ugly. But the thing about it is we're both mature enough to talk about it. But let's just respect what I'm saying, if I'm not in the room, my name should not be in the room either. And on that, I have to go get my daughter but no love lost. - Okay, all right. I realize me and LeaLea weren't going to get very far with our conversation and it was just pretty much agree to disagree. [deep dramatic music] - [LeaLea] Next on Beyond the Pole. - You mind getting naked? You gotta take everything off. - Cheers to-- - New beginnings. - Yes, and no more dope boys. - And I wanna open marriage. Like [mumbles] while you suck the dick, you know what I'm saying. - He can buy you like a five karat for starters. - Okay. - But tell me, who is he? - He's a producer. - Oh. - Everybody knows cancer is a monster, it's ugly, it's very, very ugly. But there is beauty in the struggle because it's not about what you go through, it's about how you go through it. - Well, I have a spiritual advisor. - A spiritual advisor? - [Ms. Dime] Yeah, I have a spiritual advisor. - You so Hollywood and blind. - I do. - Welcome to Magic City. [cheering] - So now you know I'm mad with you about your little crazy friends that came to my house the other day, right? What's wrong with her? Something is wrong with her. - I just feel like both of you guys rubbed each other the wrong way. - You're not gonna come in my house and be disrespectful. - So, what brings you here today? - Now I've got this big old butt and I don't want it anymore. - Ooh. [film reeling] [soft dramatic music] - You left the strip club and came back. - I did. - Now why was that? - I was a dope boy's fake wife, or your house girlfriend, or whatever you call it. - Let me get this straight, a dope boy's fake wife. - Yeah, like you know, dope boys don't get married. So you'll be their girlfriend for 20 years. - So you were playing that position for a while? - Yes, I played that part for 10 years. - And so he wanted you to come out of the club. - Yes. - Okay, and then when that ended? - Be a stay at home mom and that's what I did. - Right, that's what ya'll did, when it was over, you came right back. - Right. So I feel like I truly qualify for a real life as Beyond the Pole because those two are hand in hand. Drug dealers and strippers are almost one in the same. - Piggy backing off you being real and you having no problem telling people what you had done to yourself. Why do you feel like women shy away or lie and say that they never had work done and they did it just from attending the gym or what have you? - It's like Hollywood, nobody ever tells their secrets. I think every cast member has something done besides LingLing, as you can see very well. [laughing] LingLing don't have nothing done and she don't need it, and I tell her how beautiful she is. - LingLing, wat brings you to the world of adult entertainment, girl? - Survival, unfortunately. - What do we have going on? I see a little bit, I don't wanna say what I think it is. What's your nationality? - I'm half Thai, half black. - Okay, I knew there was some African American in there somewhere. So LingLing, do you have any children? - I do, I have a little boy, his name is Xavion. - Ah, Xavion. - He is eight years old. - Tell me a little bit about your son, Xavion. - My son, he is Mr. Popular, he plays basketball and he plays soccer. - Eight years old. - Mmm hmm, done gymnastics, does martial arts, got the two girlfriends he always tells me about. [laughing] I'm like, don't be a player, gosh, you're supposed to be the ladies man. He's like, but everybody likes me. - I do understand that you're going through a little something with your son and a family member? - Correct. - Custody, tell me a little bit more about that. - Unfortunately, I went through some things with myself, I was abused, so I kind of needed to take some time to get myself back together. And I asked my mom and grandmother, like, hey, can you watch him real quick, really more so just so he wasn't in where I was. I was in a battered women's program, and I just didn't know everybody else's mentality, what stability was. So I was like, hey, can you watch him til I get better. They're like, yeah. But mom kind of turned around behind me, filed paperwork on me, said I abandoned my child. And kind of swooped him from underneath my feet and in such a messed up way. - Where is he now? - Currently he's in Thailand but he's with my family, he's still there. He goes back and forth between there and California. - Is it looking like you'll get your child back or? Where are you with that now? - I actually lost in court. - You did? - So, but I still got hope in myself and I still got faith that hopefully I can retry the whole case and petition it and go forward. [film reeling] 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 