Teen Titans: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Teen Titans 
 s1e3 - Divide and Conquer - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Teen Titans (2003–2006): Season 1, Episode 3 - Divide and Conquer - full transcript 
 Cinderblock breaks Plasmus out of jail and a fight divides some members of the team. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Teen Titans [01x00] - The Lost Episode EN v1.0 Subtitles by Mr.Henky Rubbish! That music?s ruddy awful! So quiet and proper! Let?s pump up the volume and blow ?em outta their seats! Now that?s music to my ears- the sound of chaos! Only two more laps, Robin, and I?ll be the new champion! No way, Cyborg! You?re going down! Let?s see. A half a cup of dried zorka berries... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ...four tablespoons of melted sputflinks. Almost done. Soon everyone will be enjoying my favorite Tamaranean dish.  Raven! Would you like to taste my homemade Glorg Supreme? Not now, Starfire. I?m on the last chapter. HEY, BEAST BOY, CAN YOU TURN THAT DOWN?! I SAID, TURN IT DOWN!! Yes! Eat my dust! Aw, man! Let?s rock the house. Did I do that? BEAST BOY! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How could you mess with the main power source? You made me lose the game! Now there will be no glorg for anyone! I?ll never know how it ends! Ah, no worries. Generator?s kicked in. WHAT? There, that?s better. What were you guys saying? I don?t want to hear this. Titans! Trouble! Hey, where?s everybody going? What?s your hurry, blokes? This is much better than what you paid to hear. No one?s staying for my encore? Hey! Concert?s over, Punk! That?s Punk Rocket to you, mate! Now let?s kick it out! How?s that for a number-one hit? I don?t think I could take another hit. I?ve heard enough. Titans! Go! Ruddy fools! No one can stop the sound of chaos! Listen up! Those sonic waves are coming from his guitar! We gotta shut him down! WHAT? I SAID, SHUT HIM DOWN!! Ohhh! Okay. I think we need another plan. Leave that to us. Long live the Punk Rocket sound! Whoo-hoo! Azarath Metrion Zinthos! I?d like to dedicate this next song to all my female fans. This one?s for you. Why does the Punk Rocket wish to hurt people with his music? Music is a glorious expression that is supposed to make one feel happy. You obviously haven?t heard any of my music. All right, Punk Rocket. What do you want? I want to bring the world to its knees with the sound of chaos! You are so one-note. We?re never gonna beat him while he?s got that guitar. Yes, we will, as long as we work together as a team. Let?s go. You?re daft, thinking you can beat me! Now here?s something to really bring down the house! What is that? Up to now, his whole act has been...unplugged. Which means... ...he?s just getting started! Ouch! That looked like it hurt... ...but not enough! Blimey! That looks a bit dodgy now, doesn?t it? Cyborg! Are you okay? Sound...messing up my circuits!...Not sure how much longer...I can keep it...together! Hey, Punky! You call that the sound of chaos? Sounds more like elevator music to me! I can?t hear you! Beast Boy, stop! We cannot endure this sound! Dude! Give it up! Your sound is old and tired! NOOOOOOO!! You are so not cool. What? Hey! Waxy buildup saves the day. You gonna be okay? Thanks to you, little buddy. Looks like Punk Rocket?s next tour will be behind bars. Okay! Before you start yelling at me for playing my music too loud, let me just remind everybody that I?m the one who defeated Punk Rocket and saved the day! So next time, instead of getting on my case for not listening to you guys, maybe you should start listening to moi! WHAT? Did he say something? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 