The Jewel in the Crown: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Jewel in the Crown 
 s1e11 - Travelling Companions - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Jewel in the Crown (1984): Season 1, Episode 11 - Travelling Companions - full transcript 
 Sarah and her father return to Pankot and attempt to resume their normal lives. The Colonel is still worried about the well-being of his Havildar and has written the Governor seeking his assistance in the matter. With Sgt. Guy Peron in tow Ronald Merrick - now a Lieutenant Colonel - is traveling to Pankot to inform Colonel Layton that the Havildar has taken his own life. Peron is reunited with another old school friend, Nigel Rowan who is also enroute to Pankot to meet with Mohammed Ali Kassim - MAK - a noted leader of the Congress Party. Perron is billeted in the Sergeants' quarters at the hospital and is well received until they become aware of his association with Merrick, at which point there is a decisive chill in the air. Sarah is shocked to learn that Merrick will be marrying her sister Susan. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I... am... not... ill. 'I am not ill.' - Thou art not ill. - 'Thou art not ill.' He... she... or it... ...are not ill. - 'He, she or it are not ill.' We... are not ill. 'We are not ill.' - You... are not ill. - 'You are not ill.' They are all Well. They are all Well. Therefore... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I say! HoW nice, hoW very nice! You never told me about the third stripe. - It's very recent. - All the same. Sergeant. Jolly good. - Would you like a bacon sandWich? - Cold? I got them in Ranpur last night. At the station restaurant. Did you, noW? Then you ought to have a croWn, as Well! - When Was all this? - After We'd have dinner. While you Were With the men. It's a surprise breakfast. - Have a hard-boiled egg first? - That, too? No, I'll have a sandWich first. They taste better on a train. Something to do With the soot and the smoke. I've been taking a breather. First scent of the hills. In the old days, We used to stop here, get up a proper head of steam. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 TWo hours to Pankot. If she sticks to the timetable. Tea all right, Daddy? Dark and sWeet. Remember our morning rides together? Must do that again soon. - I'm afraid I'm rather out of practice. - All the more reason. I haven't thanked you for all you've done for me While I've been aWay. - Fenny told me What a brick you'd been. - It Wasn't anything. Such a help to your mother and Susan. And for coming to Bombay to meet me. - I enjoyed that. - It took longer than I expected. Waiting until the last feW men Were fit to travel. Pity the chaps from prison camp couldn't have gone together. They'll be so excited to see the hills. Yes. Look! You can see the men in the other coaches! They're Waving. Yes, there are the men. - Kevin, hoW are you? - Not bad, sir. Good journey? - Thanks, Captain Coley. - Done everything you asked. Trucks for the men, staff car for you. Your driver's here. I hope no-one Was disappointed, not to turn out the band. Quite understood. No sort of fuss. I'll see the men get aWay first. We have invalids. Your driver can take us home. Everything's laid on in the yard. Don't suppose you've heard the latest. Americans have dropped some neW kind of bomb on a place called Hiroshima. That's a vieW I remember. Funny, everything seems closer together. Perhaps Pankot's shrunk. - Like your feet. - What? You said the shoes I bought you felt too big. Oh - yes. - I think I'll Walk the rest. I'd prefer that. - Yes, of course. All right? Give me a little time to cope. Say, five minutes. Of course. Still smells the same, though. Wood smoke. Look Who's here. Daddy. Well, better get back. What is that village? We turned here yesterday, as Well. Muddarabad. Havildar Muzzafir Khan's village. His Wife is there. What can I tell her? That her husband is accused of betraying his regiment, of treason? HoW can I? Unless I've seen the man myself. - I got in touch With Delhi. - And Ronald Merrick? No go. I'll raise it With Pat Trehearne tonight. We're dining there. - The Trehearnes? - They still got those dreadful dogs? Not those dogs, other ones! - There We are, Sarah. - Thank you. Burra peg, John? Sorry about the dogs. Thought We'd rather have their noise than their company this evening. There We are. HoW pretty Susan looks. We invited Mr DreW because Kevin Coley couldn't manage it. It seems he's in bed With a temperature. Actually, We're rather Worried about Kevin. - Are you? - He suddenly seems restless. After years of not moving on, he thinks something should be done about it. I must say, John looks Wonderfully Well. Yes, he is. - Excuse me. - Of course. Mr DreW is thinking of applying for a regular commission. We think he deserves encouragement. Did you knoW? Miss Batchelor is dead. - Did you? - Major Smalley mentioned it to me. - This morning at the daftar. - Lucy Smalley told me at the library. I suppose she heard it from the PeploWs. I imagine one can take it as more or less true. The mission solicitors Will soon be on to ours. - What about? - The Wretched annuity. The money Mabel tried to leave to Miss Batchelor in her Will. Thank God I told our people to drag their feet and then she Went off her head. I never understood about annuities. Poor Miss Batchelor. I sometimes think she had a sad life. You Wouldn't if you had to cope With her! Making all that fuss about Where Mabel should be buried, With Susan in labour, too. Sarah Was in Calcutta visiting Merrick in hospital. I had to handle everything. And, of course, John's told me he never heard Mabel say a single Word about Where she Wanted to be put. If I Were you, Maisie, I'd ask Patrick to let those hounds loose. It's Worrying John. Oh, yes, of course. (DreW) Don't you do much riding, then? Oh, What a beastly shame! Hello? Oh, hello, Nigel. Sarah, is it convenient to ring? I... I got your letter. I've done What you asked. I spoke to Reverend Mother on the telephone, but the line Was bad. - She said something about a parcel. - Yes, there Was. I've got it here. It's something Miss Batchelor Wanted you to have. "I am sorry. Is all this a frightful nuisance?" No, not at all. I'm to come up to Pankot on official business. I'll bring it With me. HoW's... everything With you? HoW Was Bombay? Bit sticky. The Weather mostly. - And your father? - "Difficult at first. Much better noW." I Went to a very strange party and met somebody I think you knoW or kneW. - Who Was that? - "Someone called Perron. - "He's a sergeant." - Do you mean Guy Perron? - Do you remember him? - Very Well. I Was told to cane him once at school. Merrick Wants Perron to Work for him. I got the impression he Wasn't very keen. - Who Was that? - Nigel RoWan. He's coming up to Pankot tonight. This is a young man Sarah met in Ranpur. He's one of the governor's aides. - He Went to Chillingborough, apparently. - Really? You mean Perron? No, RoWan. Not your eccentric sergeant. What did he ring about? Just something I asked him to do. He Won't go to sleep. He Won't sleep until he's said goodnight to Grandpa. Goodnight, old chap. Shall I pour myself a drink? Or have I held things up too long already? We couldn't have gone in before. Sarah's been on the phone. Did you mention your eccentric sergeant to Nigel RoWan? Mr Perron? Yes. - Did he remember him? - Yes. Very Well. - Not an impostor, then? - In spite of being a sergeant. No, Mother, not an impostor. Hello, Nigel. Come in. - Take a drink for yourself. - Thank you, sir. I'll have a Whisky and splash, if you'd be so kind. Did Thackeray mention What all this Was about? Only that I'm to deliver a letter in Pankot, sir. Developments in NeW Delhi? Confirmation of assumptions. War virtually over so elections. - When, sir? - When do We ever do anything here? - In the cold Weather. - I suppose that's soon enough. Elections are What everybody seems to Want. Quite. Jinnah Wants them. Nehru Wants them. It's the only objective that Congress and the Muslim League have in common. - And the Viceroy? - Yes, Wavell Wants them. Pull up a peW. - Cheers. - Cheers, sir. And a united India to folloW. Hindu and Muslim. The trouble is, While the Congress leaders have been in prison, the Muslim League have gone from strength to strength, dividing India. So... the man I Want to talk to to heal that breach is one of the feW Muslims still loyal to Congress, ex-Chief Minister in Ranpur. Mohammed Ali Kasim. I thought he'd gone to ground, sir. The neWspapers have been searching for him. He's in Pankot. And your friend Gopal knoWs Where to find him. You'll travel on my coach so you'll have every comfort. Are you packed? - Sir. - They rooting out Gopal noW. - Oh, by the Way, I'm losing you. - What, sir? They're taking you back into the Political Department. You'll get your instructions in about a Week. I kneW you'd be pleased. Well... I shan't mind a feW days in Pankot first, sir. - What's Gopal's role, exactly? - A go-betWeen. He and Kasim alWays got on Well. I don't hand the letter to anyone but MAK? No. You'd better Wear mufti. I Won't expect you back until a Week today. Get some hill air into your lungs. By then your posting should have come through. - Thank you, sir. - Thank you for all you've done. - It's been a very happy experience. - I hope everything pans out. Today's been one of those days When one can't quite believe it. - It's a real horror, I'm told. - What, sir? Hiroshima. Absolutely and inconceivably bloody awful. Unexpectedly so? We shan't have the ansWer for a long While. Someone said 20 years. Well, that's food for thought, isn't it? One more thing. There's a girl in Pankot, Thackeray said, Would make a feW days up there quite an attractive proposition for you. - Miss Layton. - Yes, sir. - Have you heard from her recently? - We Were on the phone this evening. Anything to do With the havildar Who Went over to the enemy in Germany? - No, sir. - All right. Had a letter from her father. - Did she refer to our friend Merrick? - Only in passing. - He Was in Bombay When she Was. - Is he sufficiently Well in With the family to help Colonel Layton have an intervieW With the man? Probably. If he Wants to. That's What's Colonel Layton's seeking but it seems that Merrick Won't play. Have you told Miss Layton our vieW of Merrick? - Nothing specific. - Did you tell her you kneW Kumar? It came up because her father Went to Chillingborough. - But she Was interested in Kumar? - In quite an impersonal Way, I think. As part of the price of our relations With India. Whether or not he Was guilty. But believing him not guilty makes the charge against us heavier, in her vieW. She sounds an unusually thoughtful person. - Yes, I think she is. - Did you tell her he Was free? - No, sir. - She doesn't knoW you keep an eye. When you leave Ranpur, Will you leave everything to Gopal? I shall have to. Kumar doesn't need much attention. He's coaching students at a feW rupees a time. Good. Well, I hope We did the right thing. I think so, sir. I take it the object of my trip is to get Mr Kasim to a meeting? Yes. You've a free hand. There's the question of his eldest son, the INA defector. I can arrange a meeting if he Wants one, but nothing else until the trial, of course. - Of course, sir. - Your train's the 11:5. - Is everything OK? - I hope so. I never kneW there Was a Government House coach. - There used to be several. - For the Governor? Governor, staff, secretaries, files. The government used to move to Pankot in the hot Weather. If you don't mind me saying, sir, that's bloody ridiculous noWadays. And there's really just the tWo of you tonight? - That's right. - Then you could help me out maybe. I knoW this is sacred territory, but a GHQ priority's just come in on the Delhi train. According to my calculations, after you and the Indian gentlemen have settled in, there's a couple of coup?s going spare. - What rank is your GHQ priority? - Lieutenant colonel. See for yourself. Not senior enough for an exception but I'll ask Mr Gopal if he has any objections and then see hoW We stand. Right. Oh, my God. An... interesting situation has arisen. Are We to travel in an ordinary compartment? No, they're all full. The RTO Wants us to take in some of the overfloW. This sounds to me like a confusion. Why do you call it interesting? The overfloW happens to be Merrick. Merrick? Ex-Superintendent of Police, noW Major? Major no longer, apparently. Lieutenant colonel. Would you object? Is it open to me? You are His Excellency's chief emissary. It is for you to say. It could be useful. Aren't you in the least curious to see him? Not in the least curious, Nigel. Don't bother about me. They can make up my bunk in one of the old coup?s. Obviously you feel strongly about it. I'll tell the RTO it's no go. And obviously you Want him. Colonel Merrick? My name is RoWan. I think We have a mutual friend in Sarah Layton. I already knoW your sergeant. - HoW are you, Guy? - Fine thanks, Nigel. Chillingborough, of course. Yes. We'd better get things sorted out so We can get the luggage up. There's a spare coup? With its oWn bath cubicle and a single berther. I'd be perfectly content With either but I do have a certain handicap. The coup? Would suit me Well if it's not Wanted. I could have my servant in With me. - In any case, it's very civil of you. - Is this your servant? This is Suleiman. There isn't much luggage. We came fairly light. - What have you got, Guy? - Just these. We'll put you in the single berther, then. Let's go. Which Would you like, Guy? This one, With the head of the bed aWay from the engine or the one next door Which faces toWards? - Have you nothing in betWeen? - I'm afraid not. Then I'll make do With this. Huh! This coach is something of an anachronism. - You could say that. - It fits. Fits What? The general hallucinatory atmosphere I currently exist in. Thank you. Guard your property With your life! The Red ShadoW's at large! Did you ever see anything quite so camp? - Camp? - Suleiman. Never mind. Well, Sandhurst, Wasn't it? And noW this. ADC to HE in Ranpur. Here's to the success of Operation Bunbury, Which, unlike camp, I hope you understand. Aunt Charlotte Will have had my telegram. What should We alloW? A month? Can I hold out even for a month? What do they do to sergeants Who murder their officers? - Hang them... I think. - Very degrading. Aunt Charlotte Would prefer a firing squad. I don't suppose you've the slightest idea What I'm drivelling about! Some of the details are obscure, but, oddly enough, I get the general drift. You're looking to your Aunt Charlotte to rescue you from further service With Colonel Merrick. Very good. Fortunately she has several friends in What are called high places. I have confidence in my aunt's ability to arrange a priority demobilisation. Especially if she Works With a professor of modern history Who's eagerly aWaiting my return. Bunbury Was our prearranged signal long before I heard of Major Merrick. Beg his pardon - colonel. But it's difficult to keep up. He Was a major When I met him in Bombay on Sunday and a lieutenant colonel When I reported to him in Delhi on Thursday. I entertain the illusion that it's dangerous to be parted from him for over a day. I go to sleep every night terrified that in the morning, he'll be a full colonel or even a brigadier. You're not enamoured. Why, particularly? "I do not like thee, Doctor Fell, The reason Why, I cannot tell." On the other hand, I've been Working out Why. Merrick's the man Who doesn't fit. Even that arm, you knoW, is an invention. What takes him to Pankot? The case of one Havildar Karim Muzzafir Khan. - I think I knoW a bit about that. - Do you? You Were alWays insufferably Well informed. Is Merrick arranging an intervieW for Miss Layton's father? No. We're going up to take statements from the havildar's former NCOs. No chance of Colonel Layton seeing him? None at all. What's so special about Colonel Layton? What's so special about Havildar Muzzafir Khan that Delhi sends a half-colonel to Pankot just to take statements? That's easy. The havildar is special because Merrick chose him. You mean, as an example? It's part of the technique of the self-invented man. Merrick looks round, his eye lights on something, he says, "Right, I Want him." Why else do you think I'm here? I'm a chosen one. - I expect Coomer Was. - Coomer? Kumar. Don't tell me you don't remember him. Miss Layton said you did. Did you knoW that our friend Coomer put cricket behind him and Went in for rape? - Our friend Merrick caught him at it. - Did he tell you that? - Has he got it Wrong? - There are tWo schools of thought. But only one school. Chillingborough. - ToWel. - Thank you. Or so Merrick thinks. He's too middle class to realise that the shoW's over and that nobody in the class he aspires to cares a damn any more about the empire and all that God the father, God the Raj shit. Poor Coomer never stood a chance. An English public school education manner and black as your hat. No real White men left any more. When he does come across any, he despises them. - Colonel Layton, for instance. - He despises Colonel Layton? Why? White man gone soft. Layton has everything Merrick covets but hasn't the guts to live up to it. Tears of sorroW rather than lash of anger. Too many bloody tears altogether. And God help us tomorroW. Whose tears? And Why God help us tomorroW? - He hanged himself. - Who? Colonel Layton? No! The havildar hanged himself. - Havildar Karim Muzzafir Khan. - When? 'Sometime on Sunday morning before daylight, 'Which is Why there's no chance Colonel Layton talking to him.' Sergeant. Come over to D block. There's been an interesting development. There's no poor, Weary, shagged-out, shamed and insulted havildar to talk to. Shamed and insulted by Whom? Merrick, of course. Havildar Karim Muzzafir Khan. Not a very prepossessing-looking sort of a chap, Was he, Sergeant? No! The real reason is to sustain the role. Friend of the family. Nothing brash, of course. Just a persistent air of quiet competence and authority. He's chosen the Laytons, too, but don't Worry. - Worry about What? - His choosing the Laytons. Not any one Layton in particular. At least I shouldn't think so. So... don't Worry. Or am I Wrong? I rather thought Sarah Layton referred to you With What I'd call respect and admiration. - Mutual? - Yes. Pity. For me. Given half the opportunity, making a pass at Sarah Layton Was the one thing that made the prospect of Pankot bearable. Yes, Well, I'd better behave. We ought to arrange an evening if We can. - You can reach me by ringing 200. - The Governor's hill palace? No, it's the guest house attached to What used to be the summer residence. Used to be? Has the Weather deteriorated? I mean it's not used and shut up. Sleep Well. - Thanks for the bed, Nige. - Not at all. Where's the NCO's mess? Thank you. Ooh, hold onto your knickers, nurses! Look What's dropped out of the trees! - Can We help you? - Sorry to barge in. I've just arrived from Delhi. I Was told I could get a billet here. Yeah, that's right. We got the message. Sgt Perron, isn't it? My name's Potter. We've got a small, cushy set-up here. Corporals and sergeants. Would you like breakfast or do you Want to rest? - Breakfast first, I think. - Take a peW. Thank you. That's right. You can park it here, dearie. Me Tarzan, you Jane! I shan't introduce the rest. They're clean-living boys. Pay no attention, Sarge. Just call him Sophie... or Miss Dixon. - We all get the same. - Or Mum. Mum's What I prefer. Mum's the Word, then. Oh, look, a copper. You'd never knoW, noW, Would yer? Butter Wouldn't melt. All la-di-dah talk since they've started sending 'em to college. - Been here before? - No. It's the old Travellers' BungaloW. Derelict noW. Look, there's someone there. On the veranda. So there is. Good Lord. - Isn't that mali's boy? - Fariqua, yes. What's the young scamp doing here? Fariqua! - Oh, We're in luck. Free scoff! - What a surprise. Picnic breakfast in return for yours on the train. These Won't be a patch on yours. Bacon sandWiches need to mature a bit. These Were only put doWn an hour ago. All the same... smell not bad. It's a Wonderful surprise! The boys did Well. - KnoW about our supernumerary? - Fariqua's friend? Is he supernumerary? He's attached himself to our strength. I've seen him round the servants' quarters. This morning I found Fariqua and him sleeping in the goat shed. A Hindu and a Muslim boy curled up together. - Hasn't he a home? - Probably several... or none. Trouble is, once you take notice of a boy like that, you're a fair Way to having to pay for him. - Mali doesn't need tWo boys, does he? - Well, not so much noW. The tennis court needs some keeping up. Expect it does. When Will you and Susan have a match With some young felloWs? - Shouldn't be difficult. - Anyone in particular? This young ADC, for example. Nigel RoWan. - He's usually in Ranpur. - Forget tennis. Any young felloW in particular that I don't knoW about? No, there's no one in particular, Daddy. - What about Ronald Merrick? - Ronald Merrick? I Was given to understand you might have some regard for him. - Who gave you to understand? - Your Aunt Fenny. I can't imagine Why. Aunt Fenny? She's seen us together often enough to knoW. So have you. I don't like him. It must shoW. No, I didn't really think you did. But I'm no expert against Fenny and your mother. Mother? Does she think I have some regard for him? She thought it Was possible. I Wanted to be sure. Can I be sure? Absolutely. Why don't you like him? I can't explain easily. I knoW. Well, sounds stuffy noW, but I knoW. - He's not quite our class. - Doesn't sound stuffy at all. It's true. Class has alWays been important to us. Why should it stop? - He has a lot of admirable qualities. - Like What? - Physical courage. Moral, too, I daresay. - I prefer moral coWardice. Oh? Or Whatever it is that makes you admit there can be tWo sides to a question, other points of vieW as Well as your oWn. Moral courage is often the excuse people make for having rigid minds. Yes, I suppose it can be. I grant, in Ronald's case, a certain inflexibility. You find it in men Who've had to fight their Way up. He lost his parents very young, too. You've obviously learnt a lot. More than any of us. - Only What he's told me. - Yes... but Why did he tell you? - That's What I Wonder. - You've no idea? None. Oh. I'm sorry you don't like him but at least it makes this easier. - He Wants to marry Susan. - Susan? Fenny and your mother Were surprised, too. She's not fit to marry anyone, let alone Ronald Merrick! - The psychiatrist thinks she is. - Samuels? Who told you that? Ronald. He saW the felloW When he Was visiting the hospital for tests and things. - With Susan's approval? - No. He saW him before he spoke to Susan. He Wanted to knoW What effect a proposal might have. - What a bloody nerve! - I thought it rather sensible. You thought What he planned you should think. Hope Samuels gave him short shrift! I don't think so. With Ronald's disability, it seemed logical. Beautifully logical. Absolutely square and above board! - He's good With EdWard. Better than I. - Better than any of us! But he Wouldn't be marrying EdWard. HoW good Will he be With Susan? I'm sorry. I'm sorry, too. Especially as your Aunt Fenny told me that, if it hadn't been for you, Susan Would've had a complete breakdoWn. - She had a complete breakdoWn! - I mean, might've been put someWhere. She Was put someWhere! In a room With barred WindoWs. They thought she might hurt herself. The baby... Hasn't Mother told you? Well, I... I suppose I've been told What it's thought I can take in. Fair enough. - It's Susan Who decided. - Has she? - You've actually discussed it With her? - Yes. She seemed to have thought it out. All in all, I Was rather impressed by What she said. Oh, I am sorry. It Was such a lovely breakfast. I've spoilt it. No. There's something I think you should knoW about me. It explains Why mother and Fenny hoped it Was me that Ronald Wanted to marry. No. Nothing to explain. Nothing to tell me. Better eat up. Drink up, too. Yes, Daddy. - You Were not folloWed? - My rickshaW's at the end of the road. Mr Kasim Will see you in here. - MAK, here is Captain RoWan. - HoW do you do, sir? - I am Well. Please, be seated. - Thank you. HoW is my old friend Sir George? He sends his regards. I've brought a letter he Wants you to study. - We should have some coffee, I think. - I Will speak to Nita. Thank you. HE is concerned about the arrangements for possible elections. The position you take Will be important in reducing the risk of political conflict betWeen Muslim and Hindu opinion, even of communal violence. Governor-ji is Wanting to arrange a meeting? The last time We met Was in '42. Unfortunately he made me a proposition I had to refuse. I Was on my Way to Premanagar, you understand, to begin my imprisonment. - I can't guarantee transport tomorroW. - No, sir, of course not. The adjutant can produce tWo of the men We Want to intervieW by 10.0. If nothing's come to pick you up by 9.0, get a rickshaW to the doWn depot or... scrounge some transport from the NCOs here. Very good, sir. - Are you... comfortably situated here? - Very, sir. I spoke to one of the Medical Officers Who helps me With this arm and he said his NCOs had a spare billet or tWo. I thought you'd find it more congenial than any of the alternatives. That Was very thoughtful of you, sir. Oh... do you expect to see your friend Captain RoWan While he's in Pankot? I've made no arrangement, no, sir. Mm. Might be useful for us to knoW just What he's up to. TomorroW should be very interesting, as Well. Good night, Sergeant. Hello. Can I buy someone a drink? - Anyone? - Sorry, Sarge, it's not strictly alloWed. - What isn't? - Treating to drinks. Why not? You bought me a beer at lunch. - I could sign a chit for it. - Why can't I sign a chit? Well, you can for yourself, but not for treating. I'm sorry, it's a rule. I see. I'll have a beer, then. Anyone notice a smell in here? Someone broken Wind or is it the drains? Come to think of it, I might've smelt it before. Makes me feel quite queer. Specially after the day I've had. Guess Who I saW outside With Count Dracula - Miss Khyber Pass of 195. Jumping about like tWo-year-olds, in and out of Jeeps. They'll do themselves an injury if they don't Watch out. And With Golden Boy an' all! Come on, Sophie. There's not a bad Chinese restaurant in the bazaar. We sometimes go there. I'm not awfully keen on Chinese food. Oh, Christ, hark at her! So When did all this happen? Your sister and Ronald Merrick. I Wish I kneW. She's never said anything to me, not the slightest hint. I've not talked to Susan about it yet, but Father has and apparently Ronald's talked to him. Does your father approve? Let's say he doesn't knoW Ronald Well enough not to. - The draWback is consent's not needed. - No, of course. So you have the impression it may be more or less fixed? If it is, I Want to unfix it. I hoped you might help me. I... travelled up on the train With him, as it happens. - With Ronald? - Quite by chance. He's a half-colonel noW. He had Guy Perron in toW. Poor Mr Perron. So he's fixed everything. I knoW it's a lot to ask but if there's anything you can do, I'd be grateful. One's instinct isn't much to go on if it comes to interfering. Is it only instinct, Nigel? From the point of vieW of the family, I'd be concerned about the possibility of his name cropping up in any future political fuss about officers suspected of exceeding their duty in '42. I've told Father about the persecution. It just makes him feel sorry for the man and naturally Ronald's been very frank. It's part of his technique. What I meant Was... being able to tell Father something that I don't knoW but Which you might. Something in a... confidential file, for instance. I may be Wrong but Whenever We've talked about Ronald, I've felt you kneW more than you'd expect for a man Who'd never met him. So... a file? All a file Would tell you about Merrick is that he left the comparative safety of the police for active service in the army and Was decorated With the DSO, since When there's been a history of rapid promotion. So there'd be nothing to fear from a fuss later if files shoW him as such a paragon. I'm sorry, Nigel. I shouldn't try to involve you. It's not your problem. But I Want you to knoW, I do understand. Your concern, I mean. Yes. And I am grateful for it. Did you bring the parcel from Reverend Mother? Barbie's things. Yes, yes, of course. It's here. It Wasn't either bulky or heavy. - Do you Want to cut the string? - I alWays untie knots. Girl Guide economy. Unless they're difficult. There's something else I have to tell you. I heard it from Guy Perron on the train. The havildar that Merrick Was questioning. I'm afraid he's dead. He... hanged himself. On Sunday, apparently. Merrick intends to visit your parents this evening and tell your father. He's probably there noW. Yes, I expect he is. Poor havildar... poor Daddy. "To Colonel Layton's daughter, to the girl Who visits me, "to Gillian Waller, from a friend." - What is it? - Some lace Auntie Mabel gave her. Poor Barbie, too. Look, do you see? They're butterflies caught in a Web. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 