The Jewel in the Crown: Season 1, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Jewel in the Crown 
 s1e5 - Regimental Silver - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Jewel in the Crown (1984): Season 1, Episode 5 - Regimental Silver - full transcript 
 With the wedding over and Teddie and Susan safely off on their honeymoon, Merrick once again is harassed and humiliated at the train station. He apologizes to Sarah for all that has happened. The Laytons return to Pankot, as does Susan when Teddie returns to duty, and they resume their normal lives. Barbie Batchelor, who lives with Sarah's "auntie" Mabel, gives Susan a set of silver spoons but she puzzled when they are not on display at a reception for Susan in the Officer's Mess. It is left to Sarah however to break the news to Susan when they receive a signal informing them that Teddie has been killed in action. Meanwhile Lady Manners has arranged, courtesy of her friend the Governor, for Hari Kumar to be re-interviewed about the circumstances surrounding his arrest. Both she and the man assigned to conduct the interview, Nigel Rowan, come away with the belief that Hari was being truthful. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - Thanks very much, Ronnie. - Goodbye. - Goodbye. - 'Bye. - You'd better go, Mummy. - 'Bye, darling. - 'Bye. - Goodbye, Teddie. Somebody catch! - Goodbye. - 'Bye! Good evening, Miss Layton! Hello. I'm afraid everyone else is lying doWn. And you? I'm Waiting for the fireflies to come out. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The last place the light goes from is the lake. Though When it's really dark, the lake's darker than anything. Water reflects the light. - Will you have a drink, Ronald? - If you'll have one too. - Whisky, if I may. - (Speaks in Hindi)... Tom Collins. - You feel I need a burra peg, then. - I don't knoW about need. Deserve. No, thank you. - Haven't you rested? - I've been Writing letters. Well, one letter. To Father in Germany, about the Wedding. They'll be in Nanoora soon. Teddie and Susan. Yes. I've really come to say goodbye. I'm off to Calcutta first thing in the morning. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Oh, I'm sorry. The signal Was Waiting for me. Things are on the move. Will you Write to me sometimes? - Yes, of course. - Thank you. Cheers. I'm glad you Were alone. I Wanted to apologise. That stone that someone chucked this morning Was meant for me. It sounds melodramatic but persecution of that kind's been going on ever since I left Mayapore. That stone and that unpleasant scene at the platform. I Was the Worst best man Teddie could have chosen. Oh, no. It made me feel ridiculous. As though I have something to hide. When all I Want is to forget. I hope your mother, in particular, understands that. I'm not unconscious of my obligation to her. We all understand. Thank you. But I don't really understand about the Woman at the station. Was she the mother of one of the arrested boys? His aunt. The man Who Was With her put her up to it. He knoWs there's nothing I can do. The case serves his purpose. - Bye-bye. - Catch! 'Bye. What the devil? - Who Was that? - A madWoman. Some madWoman! What Was she like? The girl in the Mayapore business. Rather like you. Not physically. Well, um... not as pretty. She Was a bit clumsy. She made a joke of it. But she Was sensitive. The kind of girl you could talk to. Although our backgrounds Were quite different. Were you in love With her? I don't knoW. I thought I Was for a While. But if I Was, it Wasn't love at first sight. I thought she Was another English girl upset about the rotten Way We treat Indians. She didn't see Why a line had to be draWn - has to be. But it's essential, isn't it? Poor Daphne tried to do Without all that. I tried to stop her but she Wasn't another English girl With a bee in her bonnet, she Was this girl. And it Wasn't a bee. I don't knoW What it Was... but it destroyed her. I'm sorry - I said she Was like you and I'm describing everything that made her different. But then... (Sighing) This may sound impertinent. No, I'm sure it Won't. Well, that morning When I joined you at the station restaurant and you sat in the front of the car next to the driver, I thought - forgive me - "Here's another one Who doesn't see Why the line has to be draWn." That's Why I started talking about young Kasim. Subconsciously he'd impressed me as being a man of Hari Kumar's type. - Hari Kumar? - The chief suspect in the case. The man she Was friendly With. In that car there Was a sort of fantasy in my mind of Hari and Daphne about to come together again. But, er... I Was Wrong. Mr Kasim knoWs Where the line has to be draWn, doesn't he? Oh, so do you. I can't speak for Mr Kasim. Well, then, for yourself. What are We talking about, Ronald? The social pressure that keeps the ruled at arm's length from the rulers or the biological pressure that makes a White girl afraid of being touched by an Indian? I think they're connected. A White man - I or Teddie, for example - if one's tastes ran that Way, could marry an Indian Woman or live With her. He'd have the dominant role, Whatever the colour of his skin. But an Indian man touching a White-skinned Woman Would alWays be conscious that he's... What's the Word? Diminishing her. And she'd be conscious of it too. I'm sorry. I've put it very badly. And I've broken one of the sacred rules. One isn't supposed to talk about such things. One isn't supposed to talk about anything very much. I knoW. It's hoW We hide our prejudices and go on living With them. Would you say goodbye for me? And, um, apologise to your family. - Aunt Fanny Will be out in a While. - I really must be going. I'm only half packed. Look, there's a firefly. The end of your vigil. 'lt's alive With Japs. 'First evidence of the enemy is Jap booty captured in a previous encounter, 'evidence of the turn of the tide of War, 'clearing the Arakan of Japanese strongholds. 'On the lookout for snipers. "'Duck your head over the next hill - Tojo." 'And it's sound advice, as Allied bombers go into action. 'The Japs retreat 'but soldiers search the area for snipers left behind. 'A Jap hide-out. 'Japan boasts her soldiers never retreat, 'fight to the death, rather than face capture. 'Well, here's the truth. 'A Jap soldier surrendering, as frightened as a cornered rabbit. 'Wounded prisoners are taken back for first aid. 'A captured flag marks the end of the engagement, 'but there's excitement - 'Dorothy Lamour, three jungles up, to say nothing of Tarzan.' You have a question, Lady Manners? Yes. I'm afraid I've forgotten your name. - RoWan. - RoWan. It's a curious thing, memory. My husband had an excellent one. Great asset to a governor. You Were in Burma, Captain RoWan? Until my dose of fever. And shall you go back to active service? No. No, I'm told not. I've applied to get back into the political department, Which is What I've alWays Wanted. Have you the photograph there? HE gave me an envelope Which he said you might ask for. I'd like to see it, if I may. Would you unseal it for me? You can see Kandipat noW. Before We reach the prison, I shall pull doWn the blinds over the WindoW. I have the documents to pass us through the gates. Would you like me to go through the arrangements? I'm sure HE has arranged everything as I Would Wish. But in case I forget to say it afterwards, thank you for everything you've done for me. Are you ready? Quite ready, if you are. - Han. - Sit doWn, please. These proceedings are authorised by order of the governor in counsel. The purpose is to examine any facts relevant to your detention under the Defence of India Rules. I am instructed to advise you that the purpose of the proceedings is only to examine and not to make a recommendation in regard to your detention. I noW ask you, do you agree to this examination? Han. Do Wish it to be conducted in English or in Hindi? Angrezi. I'm sorry. I mean, in English. I seldom have an opportunity of speaking English to anyone but myself. I see. Then We Will proceed in English. Your name is Kumar, your given name Hari, son of the late Duleep Kumar, of Didbury in the county of Berkshire. Honestly, Mildred, that's a laugh. You say someone threW a stone at the NaWab's car? Teddie and the best man Were in it. Well, I'm glad you're amused. You must admit, it does have its comic side. Teddie at the altar With a lump of sticking plaster on his face. Only 72 hours of honeymoon, he has to buzz off and fight the Japs. HoW did Susan take it? Susan Was splendid. She saved the day. And it's not comic for her. Back to life as bloody usual in Pankot. In the bloody grace and favour, too. I must say, she's looking radiant for a grass WidoW. - Mildred, you don't suppose that? - Oh, really, Nicky. I don't suppose anything. This could have been avoided if Captain Merrick had said. - What? - What he should have to Teddie. That he Was the policeman in that ghastly Manners case and he'd been tracked doWn since. Then Why didn't he? Perhaps because he Wanted to be best man. Seems an odd thing to do, as Teddie's felloW officer. - He's hardly that. - I thought you said he Was. Nicky, Captain Merrick is not a Muzzy Guide. In fact, he's scarcely a gentleman at all. - Not top draWer? - Not by any stretch of the imagination. (Laughing) Oh, Well. HoW's that? Is Sarah making the fourth? I Would like to return to the time When District Superintendent Merrick made What you claim Was an obscene remark. You had refused to ansWer any questions. Because Merrick refused to give me the reason for my arrest. But then, at 22:45, you made the statement, as it appears on the DSP's report, "I haven't seen Miss Manners since the night We visited the temple." Yes. And until this examination, you have persistently refused - to make any other statement. - Yes. HoW long did the interrogation continue? I lost track of things like time. - TWo hours? More? - Could have been. You Were alone With the examining officer for tWo hours? No. Other people came in after a bit. - The tWo constables? - There may have been others. - It seemed like it. - Are you saying you Were confused? A little giddy, perhaps, standing for a long time? - I Wasn't standing then. - You Were alloWed to sit? - No. - I don't understand. You Were not standing but you Were not sitting. What Were you doing - lying doWn? I Was bent over a trestle. - Bent over a trestle? - Tied to it. For the more persuasive part of the interrogation. You said you Were naked. Were you physically ill-treated? A cane Was used. You say you Were caned? HoW many times Were you hit? - I don't knoW. - Six times? TWelve times? - More than tWelve? - I didn't count. You have no idea? Did you lose consciousness? It's very difficult to breathe in that position. It's all you think of. After a time, they brought Vidyasagar doWn to hear me confess. But I said nothing. Then Merrick sent everyone out. We Were alone. He spoke and acted even more obscenely. That is the second allegation of obscenity you have made against an officer of the Indian police. But the Word is not precise. You must give examples so that anyone reading the report can judge Whether its use is justified or not. He asked if I Was enjoying it. He said, "Aren't you enjoying it? "Surely, a randy felloW like you "doesn't exhaust himself just having it once." He had his hand betWeen my legs at the time. Strike that from the record. Delete everything that folloWed the prisoner's statement, "We Were alone." - Why are you lying? - I'm not lying. - I'm ansWering your questions. - I put it to you that you are. You still have an opportunity to retract. I advise you to think carefully Whether you should take that opportunity. I have nothing to retract. I'm sorry. I seem to have misunderstood. (RoWan) Misunderstood the questions? No. The reasons for asking them. I made the Wrong guess. Something's happened to her, hasn't it? You mean Miss Manners? Yes. I agreed to this because I thought Daphne had persuaded someone to believe the truth. This begins to smell of an uneasy conscience. Something's happened to her and I'm the loose end you Want to tie up. What's happened? Is she dead? I've sometimes felt it but... If she is... you should have said. You should have told me. We presumed you kneW. She died of peritonitis. That's blood poisoning, isn't it? Burst appendix, that sort of thing. I gather the peritonitis Was the result of a Caesarean operation. A Caesarean? I see. She married? No, she didn't marry. I see. Do you still have nothing to retract? No. Nothing. Nothing. Auntie Mabel, are you sleepy? Yes, but not tired. I've reached the age, you knoW, Whenever I sit doWn and do nothing, I just drop off. Excuse me, there are some draWers I should turn out. - Can't I help you? - Aziz can do it. It's something he enjoys. You stay and talk to Sarah. I mustn't stay too long. There's something I still don't understand. Who Was the Indian Woman at the station? The aunt of the boy Miss Manners Was supposedly infatuated With. - He's still in prison. - Kneeling at Captain Merrick's feet. Beseeching him. Poor Woman. He said they Were exploiting her. Using her in a scheme to make him look like a marked man. He hadn't seen her since Mayapore. Oh, did he remember my friend EdWina Crane? - I never thought to ask. - I don't suppose he did. Although as DSP in Mayapore, he must have knoWn all about her being attacked. But he had his hands full With that other awful business, didn't he? Wasn't he supposed to be in love With her? Miss Manners, I mean. He said he'd been attracted to her. He made it sound like a confession. As if he Was determined to be honest about the Whole thing. But all the time I felt he Wasn't. I don't knoW Why I felt that. But everything he said sounded rehearsed. And I felt him Watching for the effect, knoWing What it Would be. - You didn't like him. - No. I don't think I liked him at all. - What did you say? - Did I say anything? I'm sorry, I thought you did. You seem to be haunted by it. That's What I Was thinking. By that Whole awful business. Someone should be haunted by it. Yes, I suppose We should. Don't go just yet. There's something I Want you to take to Susan. - I Won't be a moment. - All right. Lady Manners? Are you all right? Yes. - He spoke the truth. - I'm glad you felt that. Sitting close to him, it Was painfully apparent that he did. You never mentioned you remembered him at school at Chillingborough. It seemed... unnecessary. Kumar Will be released. To What? No matter - I've had my amusement. - Amusement? - Isn't it all a charade? We go back into our corners and try to guess the Word. Hari Kumar, too, and Mr Merrick. Nothing can happen to Mr Merrick, can it? The uncorroborated evidence of a prisoner. That's part of the charade, too. Here We are! It's a combined Wedding and 21 st birthday present. Apostle spoons. I'd be so grateful if you'd take them to her. Thank you, Barbie. That's very kind. I thought I ought to tell you I may be leaving Pankot. Oh, Sarah. Why? Where to? To do something more useful - nursing, perhaps, or What I'm doing noW, but Where the War's closer. - Do you think that's selfish? - Why selfish? Because of leaving Mother and Susan. With Daddy a prisoner of War, I'm looking after things. - Susan's a married Woman noW. - Yes. That's Why I thought I'd go. Of course, I should miss you dreadfully. So Would everyone. But it Would be Wrong to hold you back. That Would be selfishness. Thank you for Susan's present. Please don't bother to see me off. - Say goodbye to Auntie Mabel for me. - Of course. Oh, no. - Hello, Barbie. - Sarah's gone. - She asked me to say goodbye. - We're sorting out some Winter things. - Oh, no, Aziz. - Han! Bond Street. I bought it in London the last summer I Was there, so you can tell hoW out of date it is. Every Winter Aziz tries to make me bring it out because of the tag. - Bond Street's pukka. - You could shorten the skirt. - Han! Shorten skirt? (Sighs) Very Well, Aziz. Put it on this pile. Memsahib. Sarah bachcha. That's a christening goWn. - Was it Sarah's? - Ah, Sarah-mem. Look - butterfly. Butterflies. Oh, but it's beautiful. My mother gave it to me When I married. For my children. I never had any, so I saved it for my stepson for When he had children. - Did Susan Wear it too? - No. Mildred had something neW for her. There's a full length of it still unmade-up, enough for a shaWI. Aziz, shoW Barbie-mem the piece. It's exquisite! Look! They're caught up in the Web! Poor prisoners. Would you like that piece? For me? It's too beautiful. So delicate, alive. Aziz Will keep it safe. - Mabel. - Come in. Good morning, Barbie. I've had one too. (Reading) "Mrs John Layton, Miss Sarah Layton and Mrs EdWard Bingham "request the pleasure of your company "at the Officers' Mess of the Pankot Rifles. "RSVP." It's Susan's 21 st. I had note from Susan, too, thanking me for the apostle spoons. She says the Wedding presents Will be displayed. I expect you'd like to go. - Well, only if you go too. - I shall have to. But I Want to come aWay before they start eating. I can't bear eating standing up. Mildred knoWs that. She Won't mind. Eating in croWds gives me indigestion, too. We can just slip aWay. But What shall I Wear? I did see some heliotrope stuff in the bazaar. If only We could go shopping in Ranpur. - We have tWo Weeks. - I shall never go to Ranpur again. At least, not until I'm buried. Buried? In St Luke's churchyard there, Where my husband is. St Luke's? "Whom God has joined." I hadn't thought. You could Wear heliotrope, Barbie. It's such a happy colour. Yes. Yes, I think I could carry it. Susan says all the young officers Will Want to meet you. You must be the grandmother of the regiment, I suppose. It's years since I've visited the mess. We shall go. Is it Ghulam? Ghulam Mahommed? - Yes, memsahib. - I think We're late. Thank you, Ghulam. It's very croWded. You both made it. Hello, Auntie. It's so nice of you to come. And thank you for the marvellous present. - Hello, Barbie. - Hello, Susan. Mabel, you knoW Kevin Coley, don't you? - Yes. - I'm the oldest captain in the regiment. Deputising for Susan's father. - I think I met you once With John. - Yes. He seems to be keeping his spirits up in prison camp. From What I hear, that is. Well, of course, he can't Write many letters. But Sarah brings me all the neWs. Where is Sarah? It's awful Daddy can't be here, all the same. Aunty, come and meet General and Mrs Rankin. - Kevin Will introduce you. - Yes, of course. Barbara. Hello, Clarissa. Hello, Arthur. - HoW nice to see you here. - HoW are you? Is Sarah here? She Wasn't at the door, unless I missed her. HoW awful if I did. She Was here a minute ago. I'll see if I can find her. Oh, thank you. His poor feet in this dreadful crush. Oh, there she is noW. Hello, Barbie. Ooh, What a nice suit. Is Mabel all right, do you think? - I feel I should be With her. - They've got her a chair. Several young men are looking after her and she's fine. We're slipping aWay, you knoW, before the buffet. Yes, I knoW. Have you changed your mind? I mean, about the presents. Susan did say they Would be on display but perhaps it proved too difficult. No. They're on the table, there. - Shall We go and look? - Oh, yes. Then I'll see you later, Barbie. This is Captain Webb. Mrs Layton. Barbara? Here they are. I say! What a splendid display. Yes. Yes, it is. Wavell's the first viceroy We've had Who knoWs anything about the country. - Mrs Paynton! - But then, of course, he's a soldier. They Were... in a box. What did you say? I mean, I agree. A splendid display, absolutely splendid. So many things. I've never been in a mess before. I mean, a mess With a capital 'M'. Isn't that odd? Or don't you think so? I suppose this room is the anteroom. Is that the right nomenclature? Ooh, look. There's the canteen of silver. I'm sure I saW another toaster. Are you looking for something special? No. They're not here. Oh, excuse me! Barbara, do be careful. - I think We'd better stand back. - Yes. One can't expect. Such a crush. I've forgotten hoW to cope With croWds. I can't hear myself think but then one never can. Or can you? Are you all right? I sometimes Wonder... hoW many of those children did I bring to God? There Were 12, you see, apostles. I Was alone. Er, excuse me. Have you seen Mrs Layton? Mrs Layton senior, the lady in the grey hat and scarf. She Was sitting here. Oh, no. She Went, I think. But she can't have. Thank you. Mabel? Mabel. Oh, Barbie. - Is it time for us to go? - I lost you. We can go out the back Way, through the corridor. - If you're ready? - Oh, I'm ready. Susan's going to have a baby. Mildred told me. So Sarah's decided not to go aWay. The regimental silver. Exactly as it Was When I first saW it 40 years ago. Whilst hoW many starved? Nothing has changed. NoW, I'm not even angry. Someone should be. 'Gaje Ghale. 'He lives again in memory 'that moment When, Wounded in his arm, his chest and his leg, 'he Went on fighting. 'Covered in blood, he led his men 'into a hand-to-hand fight With the enemy. 'For superb courage, the Victoria Cross. 'Chhelu Ram. 'What he did saved countless lives, and he died. 'This is his WidoW and his child. 'For her, it's all strange and beWildering. 'Chhelu Ram Was her husband. 'NoW, the Viceroy tells her that Chhelu Ram Was a hero. 'NoW WidoW and child are brought forward to meet the viceroy. 'Other Wives are Watching - 'the commander-in-chief's Wife, the Wife of the Viceroy himself. 'NoW he's giving her Chhelu Ram's medal, the Victoria Cross, 'and she hears the World told hoW Company Havildar Major Chhelu Ram 'rallied his men under fire, 'With no thought for his oWn danger, despite his serious Wounds. 'HoW his men, inspired by his example, fought off the enemy 'With bayonets, sticks and rocks picked up from the Western Desert. 'HoW he Was Wounded again and died still leading his men.' '... as the Allied assault continues With heavy fighting in all areas. 'Ln Delhi, it has been strongly denied that the Japanese... ' Come in. You Wanted to see me, sir? Ah, yes. - Bad neWs, I'm afraid. - Yes, sir, it is. Not the War. I'm afraid this is personal. Would you like to sit? We've had a signal through Calcutta. I thought it best to tell you first. I'm sorry. I see. What a terrible, terrible thing. I'll ring my Wife. We'll all do What We can. Thank you. I'd better go noW. Wait a minute before you go. You've had a shock. No, it's better like this. I mean, better than just a telegram arriving. Yes, of course. Sarah... I'm very sorry. Thank you. Hello! Susan mustn't see me yet. I must speak to Mother. What's Wrong? Teddie's been killed. HoW could you bid three loW trumps on that hand? Sarah's here. (Mildred) Is she? Whatever for? She Wants to speak to you. Sarah? It's not about Daddy. I'm sorry. Teddie. Would someone get my drink? - Where's Susan? - Asleep on the verandah. I'll go out and try to tell her. Perhaps someone should ring Dr Travis in case she takes it badly. - Do you Want me to? - No, Barbie, I can manage. Is it lunch time already? No. I've come back early. Have you come on badly or something? No, it's not that. Shall We help Auntie Mabel With the floWers? You'll get as big as a house lying around. I'm as big as a house already. Have they given you the day off? - Sort of. - Why? Something's happened. And I have to tell you about it and I don't knoW hoW to. So I think I'd better just say it straight. It's about Teddie. The signal came this morning. It says Teddie's been killed, so that's What We have to start believing. If there Was any doubt about it, I Wouldn't, but it does, and I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No! No! No! - Who Was that? - The padre and his Wife. They said they'd only look in. I told them Dr Travis Wanted her kept quiet. I never cared much for Teddie, you knoW. So I can't pretend to be boWled over. And I don't think Susan really loved him. She Was very secretive about the honeymoon, at least With me. - Did she say anything to you? - No. I don't think Teddie Was... very experienced. Not that that's important. Although it is if there's a lack of consideration, too, and that's hoW he struck me. I rather hoped that Muzzy Guide friend of his Would cut him out, but he never even tried. What are We going to eat? Sue said she doesn't Want anything. Er... there's some cold chicken and salad. But you must tell Mahmood to get up a tray for her. She must eat. Oh, Christ. Come in. We didn't stop. It Was my husband she Wanted to see. - Would you like a drink? - Oh, not for me, thanks. - Darling? - Well, I Wouldn't refuse a gimlet. Thank you very much. I'm sorry. It's very sad. She's asked for a memorial service, Which seems suitable. I shall be happy to arrange it for her. Not "happy", darling. No. No, of course not - happy to be of use. I thought on Saturday Week, Mrs Layton. Then I can announce it next Sunday at Matins and Evensong. - If it's What Susan Wants. - Thank you. Oh, yes, yes, it seems she does. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 