The Jewel in the Crown: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Jewel in the Crown 
 s1e9 - The Towers of Silence - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Jewel in the Crown (1984): Season 1, Episode 9 - The Towers of Silence - full transcript 
 Susan has had a complete breakdown and is under psychiatric care in Pankot Hospital. When Mildred returns the spoons Barbie gave Susan as a wedding gift, she decides to donate them to the Officer's Mess silver collection and makes her way to Captain Coley's bungalow in the pouring rain. What she finds there sends her reeling and she falls ill. Her attempt to get a position as a teacher is not going well. Mildred's sister, Fenny Grace, visits the family in Pankot and Mildred angrily tells her what she suspects about Sarah. Fenny takes charge of the situation and provides the motherly support Sarah needs. With the Layton's away, Major Ronald Merrick stops in at Rose Cottage only to find Barbie retrieving some of her belongings. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hello, Sue. I came to see if there Was anything you Want. May I touch her? Susan? It's me - Sarah. Goodbye, Susan. I'll come again tomorroW. Will you be able to keep her here, in the nursing home? I hope so, While she's quiet, like this. It may be only a passing phase. I'll stay With her, if that's all right? 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Captain Samuels Will see you out. - She seems quite happy. - Yes, because she's free. Susan freed the baby first, in a ritual, a ring of fire. Like the scorpion you Watched When you Were children. Yes. And dressed him in a christening goWn With a pattern of lace butterflies. Your mother says someone told Susan that butterflies Were prisoners in a Web. A missionary that stayed With your step-grandmother. - Is that important, do you think? - I think it's important to my mother. She'd probably like to blame Miss Batchelor for anything that's Wrong. - Ought I to tell you that? - It's What I thought. I told your mother Miss Batchelor Was not to blame. Is she important to your sister? That's What I mean. Barbie? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 No, not really. Important to me. Come in. Barbara... I'm sorry, this is very difficult. Mrs Layton... Mildred... has asked me to return these to you. No! The spoons? But they Were my Wedding gift to Susan. - HoW could Mildred possibly? - I'm sorry, Barbara. I knoW it Was Wrong of her. You gave them to Susan and they are not her mother's to return. But What could I do? Dearly as I should have liked to refuse, I couldn't hide them. I hope that in these exceptional circumstances you Will forgive her. Blessed are the insulted and shat upon, for they shall inherit the kingdom of heaven, Which is currently under offer With vacant possession. What did you say? Forgive me, but the circumstances are indeed exceptional. I am not myself. Mildred is not herself. Thou art not changed and God is not mocked. I have a letter from the mission. Mr Studholme Writes from Calcutta. He's sorry but he has no employment to offer and no accommodation to go With such employment. But I have Mabel's legacy. L150 pounds a year, noW. So I can afford to give you and Arthur a little more for my board and lodging. It's only a temporary arrangement. Your suggestion is generous but you must understand, I can't accept it. They are apostle spoons. Did you look, Clarissa? Which of them is doubting Thomas, Would you say? They Were all Working men. Smelling of sWeat and fish and the timber yard. Hm. They'd get short shrift in Pankot. Wouldn't give tuppence for their chances in the officers' mess, Where they keep the silver. But they are silver, the spoons. I'm sorry, Barbara. But there are things I must attend to. A gift... for the officers' mess... of silver. I'm sorry. Who do you Want, sir? Oh, good afternoon. I-I Wonder if you can help me. Do you knoW if Captain Coley is here or in the mess? Coley, the adjutant? No, I'm afraid he isn't. Have any of you chaps seen Captain Coley? - No. - He Wasn't in the mess at lunch time. - I expect he's gone home. - Oh, hoW dreadfully inconvenient. I suppose I should have rung but I Was on an errand, I Was coming this Way. We could give you a lift, if you like. We're going past his quarters. Really? Oh, that Would be kind, in vieW of the Weather. No trouble. If you just hop in and mind the step, it's rather high. Thank you. I can manage. It Wasn't raining at all When I left home. Not that I mind it. Adjutant sahib bungaloW. - Adjutant sahib. - Not too far up the track. It's a bit narroW for the truck or We'd take you to the door. I'm all right. I'm dressed for it. Good luck if I don't see you again. I hope I haven't made you late. That's fine. Bye. Goodbye. Well protected. Captain Coley! HoW long has she been like this? I made her promise not to get up. After that, I Was busy all day. Then the boy said she hadn't touched her supper. I Wish I'd knoWn sooner. Moving her is risky but We can't save her here. She's got broncho-pneumonia and the heart's pretty Weak. What on earth's the poor old thing been doing? She set off yesterday to visit Captain Coley but he Wasn't there. He brought her sou'Wester back today. I think she must have dropped it on his veranda and then got soaked on her Way home. I suppose she's quite alone in the World? Till she came to Pankot, she lived entirely for the mission. She talks of getting back into harness... ...but, of course, she's past it. I think it Was a letter saying they Wouldn't have her back that brought this on. Will you have her back, Mrs PeploW? That is, if the question arises? I ask because it could be important if We get her over it. People don't only die of disease, you knoW? 'Dear Colonel Trehearne, 'I am sending you today, a small gift of silver teaspoons, 'Which I should like to present to the officers' mess, 'in memory of the late Mrs Mabel Layton. 'I hope this Will be acceptable. Yours sincerely, Barbara Batchelor.' Millie, you should be glad I came. I got you out of that poky grace-and-favour bungaloW and into Rose Cottage at last. And after all these years. Well, it's someWhere for John to come home to. Any neWs on that front? Nothing for Weeks, through the Red Cross. Since D-day, Which Won't surprise you. Oh, hell. Probably Kevin. Aren't you fed up With nursing the brat? - Minnie can take him. - Don't bother. He's nearly asleep. Hello. Yes? She never Was much good With babies. You knoW, I had to prod her rather, to let me come. And Arthur didn't Want me to leave Calcutta. But it's a mercy I did, With Susan in the nursing home and moving up here. - HoW is Susan? - It's going to take time. Well, that's What he says. Captain Samuels. I can't say I'm altogether happy With him. - Why? - Well, I daresay he's useful to the army, spotting malingerers and that sort of thing. But one has to face it, Nicky, he is a man and he's a JeW. Yes. Millie believes Susan's trouble has something to do With that Woman Who used to live here With Mabel. - Miss Batchelor? - Millie's awfully against her, isn't she? And the estate's had to fork out for her annuity as Well. Millie says, if she dies after it's been bought, it's hundreds of rupees Wasted. Perhaps she Won't live that long. Clarissa said Captain Travers doesn't expect her to pull through. She's been in hospital for over a Week and she hasn't popped off yet. Millie says the idea of an annuity can only have come from her because it's a typical, loWer-middle class idea of upper-class respectability. Maisie Trehearne says her husband's had a present from Miss Batchelor. A little gift of silver for the mess. He thought it rather touching. This baby's Wet. I shall have to take him into Minnie, after all. No, Panther, you stay here. He's missing Susan, of course. Pipe doWn, Panther. Susan mem gone. Right off her chump, in fact. Millie! Oh. I thought you Were on the phone. I Was. Sarah's coming home from the daftar. It Was Dicky Beauvais. She's coming home in his car. - Why? It's barely 12. What for? - Sarah passed out at the daftar. Only We're not supposed to knoW. Dicky says he'll be back With her in about ten minutes With some story about the daftar being slack. There. Perhaps she'll listen noW and stop being silly. It's ridiculous, her going to the daftar at all. - You think so? - You can't let her go on like this, With Susan being ill. It's all too much. If you Won't speak to her, Millie, I Will. - Haven't you spoken to her already? - What do you mean? What should I mean? Well, one of us must talk to her. I've been thinking. If Sarah doesn't get a holiday soon, she'll crack up. Why don't I do What I suggested and take her back to Calcutta With me When I go? Then, When Susan's better, We can all meet in Darjeeling for a feW Weeks and be back in Calcutta again in time for Christmas. Let's face it, Millie, Pankot's awfully dull for young girls like Sarah and Sue. You alWays used to say What a jolly little place it Was. - Well, it's not any more. - No. And compared to Calcutta, it's got nothing to offer. No handsome young officers, fresh from the jungle, ready to tear the place apart. Well, it Would do Sarah the World of good. You think so? Don't misunderstand me, Millie, but I think I lot of the burden's fallen on Sarah, With John being aWay all these years. I mean, I knoW it's been hard for you as Well. But it's not right for a young girl. It's beginning to shoW. I mean, With men. And We don't Want Sarah on the shelf, do We? You should have seen her When she Was With us that one day. The boys thought she Was stunning and one in particular... Wasn't one enough? Take her to Calcutta then. The sooner, the better, I imagine. - Millie, What on earth is Wrong? - Ooh, stop putting on an act. It's beginning to irritate me. I don't ever Want to knoW the details, but stop treating me like a bloody fool because I knoW What's been going on. If you Want Sarah to think she's fooled me, fine, but you're my silly little sister and it Would be bad for my morale to let you imagine you'd got aWay With it. You're drunk, Millie, that's all I knoW. But you must be right. I am silly. - I have no idea What your talking about. - Oh, haven't you, honestly? - No, I haven't! - Then you'd better come With me. There's a glass in there, if you Want to bring the gin. Sarah packed everything for herself and Susan When We did the move. One thing I've alWays done for her, perhaps the only thing, is make sure she has plenty of sanies When she's due. She's regular but she has a ghastly time, as I did before she Was born? She Was due a Week after her visit to you in Calcutta. I gave her one of these packets then. She Was due again last Week, that's When I gave her the other one. - Millie, What are you saying? - That, according to the evidence here, Sarah's missed tWice and hasn't told me. I thought perhaps she'd told you, to make you help her get hold of the man or to get rid of the thing in Calcutta. Isn't that What this trip is about? To fix her up With a shady doctor Who'll pop her into some clinic as Mrs Smith, requiring a D and C? - No, Millie, no! - Well, that's What you'll have to do, get the bloody thing aborted! My God, I could murder you. You had charge of her for 24 stinking hours and she's in the bloody club! What a ridiculous Woman you are. In Mirat, you made that silly fuss about her going riding With the young Kasim boy, "Was is Wise?" you asked. It's a pity you didn't ask yourself before you chucked her into the arms of some randy English officer. No, Millie, it Wasn't that at all. There's the car. You'd better pull yourself together. As soon as Nicky Paynton's gone, you can start to Worm it out of her. Pretend I don't knoW, if you like, but deal With it. You understand? Millie, you can't be sure. Oh, God. (Man) Hello, Mrs Layton. Dicky. What a nice surprise. Nothing much on at the daftar. I thought I'd drop Sarah round. You'll stay for lunch? I'll tell Mahmoud. Sarah, dear, you look exhausted. Go in and freshen up. And get out of that boring old uniform. Nicky Paynton's here. We're on the veranda. Sarah? Oh, poor pet, poor pet. It's all right. I knoW. I knoW. I'm sorry. It Was Jimmy Clarke. It's so dreadful. It doesn't matter. I didn't love him. Sorry, Aunt Fenny. I knoW What I've got to do. 'The Viceroy inspected the division, 'Which arrived in India tWo years ago. 'Lord Wavell told them What he and all of us think of their magnificent record. 'United Kingdom or Indian soldiers, it's one and the same story. 'A story of the utmost gallantry, often against great odds. 'The Maharajah of Manipur, Whose state the Japs invaded, Was present. 'The Naga chiefs, from the Assam-Burma frontier, 'brought presents for the Viceroy. 'All sorts of things - sWords, blankets and embroidered cloths. 'With solemn dignity, they made their presentations to Lord Wavell, as viceroy. 'Lt Was also their Way of thanking every fighting man in Burma 'for driving back the Japs. 'For their gifts, the Viceroy, in turn, thanked them.' Hello, Barbie. Are you feeling better? I brought you these from the garden. The yelloW ones you like. Thank you, Sarah. My silly old voice. It seems to be packing up. Some might say a blessing. You've been here before. Once or tWice. You Were asleep. I came today because I'm going to Calcutta With Aunt Fenny. We leave tomorroW. When Susan's better, she and mother are going to join us. Then We'll all go to Darjeeling, probably some time in September. We're going to close Rose Cottage, only till Christmas. Objection. I don't Want you to go. I've got to go, in any case. I promised Aunt Fenny. They think I need a holiday. - Are you ill? - No, Barbie. Do I look ill? You'll like Calcutta. But my trunk, it's... still at the mali's shed. Does your mother knoW? I'll remind the mali. He's staying to take care of things. Will you see Captain Merrick... - in Calcutta? - I think he's gone. SomeWhere they fit artificial limbs. So soon after the amputation? It Was tWo months ago. I think... Miss Manners must have been rather a special person. She could have got rid of it before it Was born. People Would have praised her. I often think of Captain Merrick When I'm lying here. Do you, Barbie? Those boys he said attacked Miss Manners, - suppose he got it Wrong? - Yes? Would it be Worth for him to knoW it or not to knoW it? Better to knoW, in the end. Better than to have no conscience. Don't let's talk about Ronald Merrick. - Let's talk about you. - Hm. Small subject. Little voice. Do you think God is deaf? No matter. Words are no use to Him. I shall never see you again. Don't go. Oh, Barbie. It's not for good. No. No. Doesn't matter about my trunk. The toys Will do for the baby When he's older. Everything else can be throWn aWay. You said the trunk Was your history. Lying here, one has no history, just each hour of the day. Is Susan getting Well? You can see the nursing home from your balcony. Captain Samuels says she can come out to go to Nicky Paynton's party. That's next Week. I shall sit out on the balcony and transmit prana to her. That's the goodness in the air. You breathe it in and out. Like smelling roses. Is Captain Beauvais Waiting for you With the car? No, I'll get a rickshaW. I must go noW. Bye-bye, Barbie. Goodbye, Sarah. - You'll Write, if you have time? - Of course. If you meet a Mr Studholme... But that's very unlikely. He's mission. But very important. Yes, I'll remember. I hope Susan is better for Nicky Paynton's party. God doesn't hear. - And you. See you later. - Yes. - Hello, Susan. - Hello. HoW are you? - Hello, Mrs Squires. - Oh, Susan... Isn't it rather an extraordinary choice for Susan's first time out - a party? She Wanted to come, apparently. She asked this Captain Samuels chap and he said it Was a first-rate idea. - Her trick cyclist? - He's dropping in later to take her back, so she Won't get too tired. Excuse me. You must be so looking forward to going home. I shan't be home very long. We're all packing up and going to Darjeeling and then on to Cal for Christmas. So I'll hardly see Rose Cottage at all. - Isn't Sarah in Calcutta noW? - Mm, With Aunt Fenny. - Are you all right, darling? - Yes, I'm fine. I'm trying to say hello to everyone, in case I'm leaving early. Hello, Dorothy. Hello, Mrs Lambourne. HoW are the children? I'd say she's better than herself again. Susan used to let people come to her. NoW, she's mingling. Perhaps this, er, JeW-boy is cleverer than Millie thinks. Isn't that him noW? I'll have to do my bit. Captain Samuels? I'm Nicky Paynton, the one Who's throWing this shindig. Come on in. Isobel, may I introduce Captain Samuels? Captain Samuels, Mrs Rankin, the Wife of our Area Commander. - HoW do you do? - Will you have a drink? No, thanks, I mustn't stay. Are you related to Myra and Issy Samuels? They're friends at home. Sir Isaac Samuels? No. He's no relation. - But you knoW him? - Professionally. I've met Lady Myra. If you knoW Issy professionally, you must be interested in tropical medicine. I'm afraid I knoW absolutely nothing about psychiatry. Are you a Freudian or a Jungian? Isn't that What one is supposed to ask? People do. - I find Reich's ideas of interest. - And What does Mr Reich say? Any ansWer I'd give Would be an oversimplification. Well, it's the only kind I'd understand so... do tell us. Whatever the cause of the neurosis, the psychotherapist is concerned With the patient's ability to relax. Reich believes that the human orgasm is a major factor in physical and mental health. - Oh, God. - I hope I haven't caused offence. Not at all. I asked a question and you ansWered. And I see you're pressed for time. I have quite a full afternoon. If you'll excuse me. Hello, Sam. Are We going? If you're ready. - Shall I come round this evening? - You must be bored stiff With it. There's really no need. Thank you for letting me come, Mrs Paynton. Hope you had fun. Come on, Sam. - Goodbye. - Bye. - Goodbye. Goodbye. - Goodbye. Goodbye. I'm quite impressed With that young man. Why don't you and Nicky come back to Flagstaff House When everyone's gone? We'll have a rubber or tWo and Wind doWn. (Beeping, tyres screeching) God, the raving, bloody lunatic. - Who Was it, Mildred, did you see? - I couldn't. There Were blinds doWn at the WindoWs. Blinds? What Was it, a damned hearse on Flagstaff Road? - Was there a crest? - I didn't see one. - Sorry, memsahib. - It's all right, Shafi. It's not your fault. Whoever it Was must have been at Flagstaff House. - And left a card. - Yes. Drive on, Shafi. We'll ask the sentry Who it Was and then We shan't see them again. Oh. Oh. Clarissa? - Clarissa... - Oh, there you are, Barbara. I Was just going to see if you had a moment. Plenty of moments. There seems to be some mystery about a trunk at Rose Cottage. No mystery. The trunk is mine. - You Want it removed? - Be appreciated. Captain Coley is keeping an eye on things While the Laytons are aWay. Their houseboy suspected mali of having stolen it, hidden in shed. Didn't mali explain it Was mine? That's Why I'm here. To check his story. In any case, you Want it removed. That Will be Arthur. Hm. There's no room, you see, for the trunk, at Clarissa's. It's different noW. Back in harness. Letter from Mr Studholme in Calcutta. Temporary appointment at the infant school, Dibrapur. Apparently, he Was visited by Sarah. - You kneW she Was there? - Yes. No doubt she reassured him I'd soon be fit again, apart from my silly voice. Oh, dear. I must conserve it for the children at Dibrapur. - What time Will be convenient? - For the trunk? Er... TomorroW. Doesn't have to be first thing. Oh, second thing tomorroW Will be fine. No need for you to be there. Just tell the mali. Right. Thanks. And thank you for sending back my sou'Wester, Captain Coley. I came With the spoons... but there Was no one there. No. Thank you. Regiment most grateful... for the spoons. Mali. Anyone there? I beg your pardon. You... What are you doing here? This is private property. I'm sorry. I came to see the Laytons but the mali tells me they're in Calcutta. I asked if I could look round. My name is Ronald Merrick. Oh, I... do apologise. Of course. Captain Merrick. My name's Barbara Batchelor. I Was Mabel Layton's companion. I used to live here. Miss Layton mentioned you to me, in connection With a Miss Crane. - Is that correct? - HoW clever of you to remember. EdWina and I Were old friends. They've taken in the chairs. I can't ask you to sit. HoW long are you in Pankot? Only for a Week. I'm at the hospital for tests and fittings. - I'm sorry. - I shan't miss it. As long as I can ride. It's fortunate you came today. The mali Was expecting me. Otherwise, you'd have found the gate locked. I came to fetch my trunk. - I expect you saW it. - Where are you living noW? At the rectory bungaloW. You must come and visit us. Although I expect there are a lot of people anxious to meet you because you're famous. Susan Was tremendously grateful to you for trying to rescue her husband from that burning truck. And then... Yes? I-I Was thinking of the Manners case. Do you smoke? She Was here, you knoW? Lady Ethel Manners. I saW her at the church. Really? But perhaps you'd rather not speak about it. Some people said you Were let doWn by your superior officers, after the arrests. They Were guilty, you knoW. One in particular, his name is Kumar. The Inspector General agreed. Nobody let me doWn and it's all over. The girl is dead. The child's alive. I mean the case died With the girl. His child, presumably. At least, one presumes she imagined so. Must have been a beautiful garden. Yes. She cared for it. Mabel, I mean. Tell me about EdWina Crane. What did you Want to knoW? She left the letter before she... before she burned herself to death. It Wasn't read at the inquest. Do you knoW What it said? It Was sufficient to justify a verdict of suicide Whilst of unsound mind. Though there Was one phrase I remember Which made her sound very sane, at least to me. What Was it? There is no God. Not even on the road from Dibrapur. From Dibrapur. She Was travelling from there to Mayapore When she Was attacked. The rioters burnt her car. The Indian schoolmaster With her Was killed. She held him in her arms. There, on the road. There is no God. Not even on the road from Dibrapur. That's Where I'm going. What did you say? Nothing. (Coughs) My voice. Sorry. It's going to rain. I must be going. Er, W-Wait. There's something I Want to give you. Come, you can help me. The lock may be a little rusty. It is only a little rusty. Oh, look. I'd forgotten this. The piece of lace Mabel gave me. Butterflies caught in a Web. She Wanted me to have it as a shaWI. Like this. Here. Here is What I Wanted to give you. Oh, yes. I remember this. The JeWel In The CroWn. The other hand. - Is it too heavy? - I don't think so. Right. You can do it. You're giving this to me? - Of course. - Why? One should alWays share one's hopes. This represents an unfulfilled one. This is the Queen, this is her croWn... The jeWel - the jeWel is India. We've had everything in this picture, except What got left out. I call it the unknoWn Indian. He isn't there, so the picture isn't finished. Let me relieve you of the Weight. I'll have the mali Wrap it in a piece of paper. Would you be so kind as to tell the rickshaW Wallahs to put the trunk in? The trunk in the rickshaW? - (Laughs) Where else? - I'd have said it's be far too heavy. Nonsense. It only contains my years. They're light enough. I don't advise this. Have you far to send it? Only doWn the hill to the church. It's very steep. I think the felloWs are right. It's too great a load. I paid them Well. They're old men. It's a kindness really. HoW do you intend to get back yourself? Oh, in there, of course. Goodbye, mali. - The Weight Will be impossible. - I shall balance the trunk. Just help me in. We shall soon be on a splendid even keel. - Oh, did it hurt? - A little. Poor boy. I heard you Were to be decorated. Did it come through? - Yes. - An MC? A DSO, for some reason. Oh, that's very distinguished. Congratulations. - I'm sorry you missed the Laytons. - There'll be other opportunities. Don't forget the picture. Au revoir, Captain Merrick. Remember India - our hope. ? I've seen a deal of gaiety ? Throughout my noisy life ? With all my grand accomplishments ? I ne'er could get a Wife ? Champagne Charlie is my name ? Champagne Charlie is my name ? Champagne drinkers alWays fizz, fizz, fizz ? I'll drink everything there is, is, is ? Champagne Charlie is my name ? Champagne Charlie is my name ? 'Some of the best neWs from Germany today 'is the release of more and more Allied prisoners of War. 'Stalag 11 B, Which held about 6,500 men, 'Was liberated by the 7th Armoured Division, the Desert Rats. 'At least 15 allied nations Were represented in the camp. 'Men holding up five fingers 'are indicating that they've been prisoners for five years. 'When BrunsWick Was captured by the Americans, 'Oflag 79, one of the biggest officers' camps in Germany, Was liberated. 'There Were officers of the RAF, Canadians, Indians and others here. 'And even before they left their prison, they Were thrilled to the core 'not only by cigarettes, but by the prospect that noW lay ahead.' (Door opening) Morning, EdWina. Or are We Barbie, today? What are We looking at? Birds. Aren't We speaking today, either? Or is it a day of silence? EdWina? EdWina, there's someone to see you. Barbie? Barbie? She hasn't spoken since she came. She's incorrigible. Thank you, Sister Mary. Barbie? HoW are you? Can you speak? Do I live in Ranpur? No. Pankot. Rose Cottage. I'm going to Bombay soon. I'm going to meet my father. Remember? My father Was in prison camp. He's free. He's coming home! Don't you remember? The birds? What birds? Where do you mean? I can't see any. Far. Far. Are they? Oh, yes, I see them noW. Big birds, far aWay. Vultures. They're round the ToWers of Silence for the Ranpur Parsees, Where they leave the bodies of their dead. The vultures clean the bones. Poor Barbie. Can't you remember anything? You said that God Was deaf. Perhaps he hears in silence. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 