The Jewel in the Crown: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Jewel in the Crown 
 s1e3 - Questions of Loyalty - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Jewel in the Crown (1984): Season 1, Episode 3 - Questions of Loyalty - full transcript 
 Daphne Manners dies during childbirth and the baby is now in the care of her aunt, Lady Manners. The whole Manners case is the talk of the British community and while holidaying on a ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 - I came to say goodbye. - Where do you go to have the baby? To my Aunt Ethel - Lady Manners in Kashmir. I'm leaving in tWo days. You Will go through - go through to the end? Why do you ask? Have they tried to dissuade you? Oh, yes. They make it sound awfully simple, like a duty. Miss Manners, I have a confession. It has been on my conscience. On the night of Bibighar, When Mr Merrick came here to look for you, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I said to him, "Perhaps she has called in at Mrs Sen Gupta's." I thought only of my concern for What might have happened to you. But then I saW his face - hoW he looked rather, oh, not just as a policeman making inquiries about a missing girl, as if he could tell that you and Kumar had been here together. It Was a moment of surprise - the surprise of someone Who felt he had a right to knoW your movements. Yes. He seemed to think he had a right. He Warned me against the association With Mr Kumar. Then, perhaps it Was that you and Kumar had a quarrel and did not see each other again, so that Mr Merrick thought you had taken his Warning to heart. Until I spoke those Words - "Perhaps she has called in at Mrs Sen Gupta's." 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I suppose that's hoW it might have happened. The Way it might have looked to him. Do you knoW Where he is? I've asked but nobody Will say. I Went to the house in ChillianWallah Bagh. His Aunt Shalini Wouldn't speak to me. She Wouldn't even come out of her room, so there's nothing I can do. It's a sort of silence. I think noW it's the silence of India behind the chatter and the violence. That's Why he didn't speak, Why he told them nothing. Because there's nothing you can say. Only the silence. (Daphne) 'Hari, can you hear me? 'Close your eyes and listen. 'The baby is yours. 'Lt's yours and mine together. 'Lt is going to be difficult but I'm not afraid. 'We're together in the Bibighar. 'AIWays in the Bibighar. 'Hari, it Will be yours. 'Lt Will be yours.' (Daphne) 'Dear Auntie Ethel, 'I'm sorry for all the trouble and embarrassment I've caused you. 'I began to apologise When Aunt Lili brought me back last October 'but you Wouldn't listen. 'So I apologise noW - 'not for my behaviour but for the effect it's had on you. 'I Wonder What it must be like to be the aunt of "that Manners girl". 'I knoW that's hoW people talk about me and that it rubs off onto you. 'The awful thing is that if you read this 'I shan't be here to make the apology look human. 'I Write it because I have premonitions of not getting through, 'and I should hate to kick the bucket knoWing I'd made no attempt 'to set the record straight and break the silence We have agreed upon. 'Sorry about the morbid note. 'I don't feel morbid, Auntie, just prepared.' (Baby murmuring) 'Of course, I Wasn't a virgin. 'I'd had a lover, if you could call him that, in London before. 'I thought I loved him, but it is only Hari I have ever really loved. 'Almost more than anything else in the World, I Want to talk about him to you. 'I've given up hope of ever seeing him again. 'That's Why the child I bear is so important to me, 'even though I can't be positive it is Hari's. 'But I think so. I believe so.' 'Auntie, promise me one thing - 'if the child survives and you can't bear to have it near you, 'try to see my money is used to give it some kind of start in life. 'I've got myself used to the idea you Won't Want it under your roof. 'Lts skin may be as dark as Hari's or as pale as mine 'but Whatever come, he or she is part of my flesh and blood - 'my oWn typically ham-fisted offering to the future. 'But even so, a child.' God, it's crying again. Do you hear? - Yes, I can hear it. - It Woke me again last night. And I picked this for a quiet mooring. Really, it's too bad. One doesn't visit Kashmir to put up With that sort of thing. What sort of thing, Mother? That baby. I can't imagine What Lady Manners thinks she's doing. It Was bad enough for the girl to have the baby but for her aunt to keep it - if that's What she intends... What should she have done? I knoW What I should have done - and What the girl should have done. Have it ripped out and throW the filthy muck to the pye-dogs? It Was her oWn fault anyway, if it's true. - If What's true? - She Was in love With one of the men. Well, that's What they Were saying up at the club. Someone from Mayapore got rather squiffy and spilled the beans that she'd been going round With an Indian and that's Why she refused to identify the men - she Was afraid to. Weren't you there, Sarah? We talked about it at Rose Cottage. Last summer. You remember. When everyone Was talking about the riots in Mayapore and the dangers of a second mutiny. Yes. I remember. We Were supposed to be visiting Auntie Mabel. I can't see her getting aWay With it. If she's Withholding evidence, I mean. For one thing, there's the bicycle. - The bicycle? - Miss Manners's bike. The police found it outside her lover's house. Presumably, he used it to escape from the scene. There'll be his fingerprints, of course. There must be evidence enough, Whatever she may say. - Hello, there! - Ah, Clara. At last. - And look Who's With her. - Mabel's PG. I thought it seemed too quiet. I've Written but it's too early for a reply. I telephoned the hospital. They said the crisis Was over. "The crisis"? I should have realised she'd contract pneumonia. Sitting in the rain, you see, nobody knoWs hoW long. - Hello. - Hello. - Hello, Sarah. - Hello, Barbie. I Was just telling Mrs Fosdick about my friend EdWina Crane. She's making a good recovery, it seems, but one... one doesn't knoW, after such a terrible experience. Attacked on the road, her car burnt out. The Indian schoolmaster Who Was With her dead in her arms. Of course, it's many years since I last saW her at the Bishop Barnard School in Muzzafirabad. If you Want a drink, there's some nimbu on the trolley. I'll go and fetch it for you. It's in my trunk, I'm sure. Something I've promised to shoW Mrs Fosdick. I'll bring it out, then you can see. What treat have We in store? I think it's some sort of picture. She Was chatting on. To do With her friend in Mayapore. Miss Batchelor's reflected glory - Pankot is all ears. Seriously, Nicky, I'm Worried about her. My ricky almost knocked her doWn. - Where? - On Club Road on the Way up here. She Was Wandering about and talking to herself. - Not really? - She jolly Well Was. Not in a loud voice, I mean, but definitely talking. I stopped and picked her up. I got the impression... Well, she Was talking to her friend, Miss Crane. Well, that's What I think. Directly she got into the rickshaW, she said hoW kind it Was of Mabel to let her invite Miss Crane as soon as she Was Well. And then she insisted I should see this picture. Gosh! Does Mabel intend Rose Cottage to be a home for ex-missionaries? One is enough, if you ask me. I've found it! A place for everything and everything in its place, as my mother used to say. The JeWel In the CroWn. That's What the picture's called. EdWina has one as Well. She used it for teaching the children English. "Here is the Queen, here in her croWn." And so on. Pictures are so important When you're instructing the young, aren't they? One has to be careful. Sarah, you'd like to see. Yes, EdWina once told me, in the end she had an idea the children confused her With Victoria! Isn't that amusing? But you must admit, the artist got everything in. Princes, generals, paupers, children, statesmen, and old Victoria in the middle on her throne in the open air. Quite absurd, of course, because she never came to India. But it's allegorical. Because the jeWel isn't the one the prince is offering to his sovereign. The jeWel is India - Disraeli's empire. Yes, the jeWel is India. So What happened about the bicycle? - The bicycle? - Miss Manners's cycle. Was it used in evidence? There Was no trial. There Was something fishy about that bike. Some Indian subinspector made a mistake and people started saying the evidence Was rigged. They had to lock the culprits up under the Defence of India Rules. It Was a district superintendent of police Who got the push. Of course, the usual thing. Civil or military - shoW some guts, they give you a medal, then boot you out. India's going anyway. They're only Waiting till We've Won the War. If Gandhi doesn't hand it over to the Japanese first. HoW could he? He's locked up too. Hello. I must say, it's getting rather aWkWard. - What is? - This thing With Lady Manners. I passed earlier, and she Was sitting on deck. Mummy, What should I have done? Suppose she'd Waved. Well, they're not starting anything, Susan. One can ignore a Wave. Perhaps she doesn't Want to speak to us. And What could you say about the baby? Where's Mohammed? I'm dying for a drink. - There's some nimbu there. - Sarah, do be an angel. Were there any letters at the boat station? Nothing for you. One for me. From Teddie? He sounds pretty miserable, according to the latest. "Flying to Mirat." He didn't fancy that, not having floWn before. Gorgeous. And he's getting Worried about the Wedding. Hang on a sec. Yes..."I haven't spoken to the G1 yet, "so things on that front are pretty static. "About getting leave for the Wedding, it's rather hard to knoW the form. "The Worst thing about Mirat is the Weather. "It's rained every day, Which is rotten for exercises, "and thunder every bally night, Which makes it hard to sleep." Well... Oh, God. Chota hazri... Oh, I say. Hosain, Well, there's someone in the bed. Good Lord, Who is it? Didn't hear him arrive. 'I hope I didn't disturb you. 'My train Was held up and I didn't get in till 000. 'I've asked our orderly to call me With tea at 080. 'I look forward to meeting you later in the day and perhaps eating together. 'MeanWhile, my thanks, and apologies for any noise last night. 'Ronald Merrick.' Well, gentlemen, you've listened to me long enough. The road ahead Will be tough for all of you. Intensive training in jungle Warfare to meet With the Japanese again in Burma - this time, on our terms. My only promise is you Won't have time to be bored. (Men laughing) I ask you to give your attention to a junior officer Who's joined my intelligence staff. What he Will tell you is confidential and important to the picture of the enemy. He's an officer of the Civil authority Who's persuaded his department to let him into the army. I don't Wish to embarrass him but I can reveal he could have chosen an appointment With more glamorous epaulets. Instead, he chose an active role and the rank of captain. So, Captain Merrick, Would you take over noW, please? No standing, gentlemen. To save disruption. - That's the felloW Who's in my room. - HoW is he? I haven't spoken to him yet. (Clearing throat) In 1940, a man called Subhas Chandra Bose, under arrest as an extremist member of the Indian National Congress, escaped from India through Afghanistan. Nothing exceptional in that. But Mr Bose Went to Berlin, and What he did in Germany may come as a surprise to some of you. With the intention of carrying on What he called "India's fight for freedom", he succeeded in raising a unit of battalion strength from among Indian prisoners of War to assist Hitler in fighting us. Remember, these men Were far from home - deprived of the one thing the Indian Army has alWays been justly proud of, the high level of trust betWeen officers and men. Mr Bose, I must tell you, is noW in Tokyo, having travelled, not as he entered Afghanistan, in a tonga, but in a submarine. Circumstances since 1940 have moved greatly to his advantage. NoW there are many thousands of Indian prisoners of War taken by the Japanese in Burma and Malaya. And Mr Gandhi himself, on behalf of Congress, has called on us to leave India to God or anarchy. It must be easy, then, for leaderless, lonely and misguided sepoys to believe that the days of British imperialism are over and that it is the duty of every patriotic Indian to join an army to help the Japanese drive us out of India for good and all. Such an army has been formed. Intelligence reports indicate that it is called the Azad Hind Fauj, or Indian National Army, Which I'll refer to as the INA. And some of you, perhaps in Burma, are going to meet it in the field. Which is why what I have to tell you, although confidential and in some Ways disturbing, may be of use. (Teddie) Extraordinary. He arrives mysteriously in the night and pops up like a jack-in-the-box at the briefing. It Was good stuff, I thought. Bit Worrying, of course. I should have spoken to him after but he Was With the Brigadier. - It's something about the INA. - Here's your chance noW. Oh, Well, here goes. I'm Teddie Bingham. What'll it be? I mean, I'm the felloW you're sharing quarters With. Yes. We meet at last, then. Bearer! Er, can I get you a beer? Or perhaps you don't at tiffin? It's very good of you but I'm rather pressed. I've got to be someWhere at tWo. Could We make it this evening? - Yes, of course. - Good. We'll have to get to knoW each other. Oh, by the Way, congratulations. Er, congratulations? Hosain, the orderly, tells me you're getting married very soon. Oh, did he? Well, yes, I am. Thanks. Interesting, all that stuff this morning. No idea anything like that Was going on. Only been in bloody India six months though. What Was he - do you knoW? I mean, in the Indian government. You mean, in the Civil. I have no idea. Ah, a sort of spy, do you reckon? - Eh? - Um... hold on a sec. I say, What awful chaps you come across noWadays. - Who? - The felloW over there. The sort you meet in pubs on the Kingston bypass. Are you coming in? Actually, I think I'll skip tiffin today. - I've got that sinking feeling. - There's a lot of it about. - I'll see you afterwards. - All right, old man. 'Pictorial neWs from Burma, 'Where a cameraman stationed near Mayu, 'and operating With General Wavell's army, 'films British and Indian troops 'disembarking from sampans on their Way to the front. 'The carrying of supplies creates a demand for manual labour. 'There are coloured boys Willing to lend a hand. 'Ln the hill country knoWn as the Arakan Youma, 'jungle fighting is the lot of men noW acclimatised to tropical Warfare. 'More often than not, they don't see their enemy. They fire at sound. 'They're quick With the trigger finger. 'Smoke hangs over the tangle of the Burmese no-man's-land. 'On the Arakan front, you'll find a strange collection of men, 'but as hardy and fine as they make 'em.' Where's Hosain? Messages, damn it... 'Darling Teddie, Thanks for your lovely letter.' Oh, bugger. Bugger this! (Susan) 'August 2, 194, Srinagar. 'Darling Teddie, Thanks for your lovely letter, 'though I Was sorry to hear about your journey and the rotten Weather. 'Lt's lovely here today and the lake looks cool and misty. 'And I do miss you a lot.' Oh, God. 'NoW, What about that leave, darling? 'You must knoW there's heaps to be done before the Wedding. 'Please get it fixed and let me knoW.' Oh, Susan, darling. Soldier! Hosain! Hosain! - Sahib. - Where's it gone? - There Was a bicycle out there. - A bicycle, sahib? - Bicycles are here. - I knoW that, you ass! There Was another bike out there before tiffin. Memsahib's bike. It Was all bashed up, one Wheel missing. Sahib, bicycle no good - Wheel is missing. I don't Want it. I Want to knoW Where it's gone! Only I'm seeing bicycles are here. - Hosain! - Coming, sahib! Ah, there you are. I'm sorry about lunch time. I didn't see you come to the dining room. As a matter of fact, I got rather taken short. - Oh, Mirat tummy? - Sort of. I've got something that Will settle that. I expect you've been drinking iced beer. I'll get it for you. I'll pour. It tends to come out in a dribble and then a rush. It cements you up. Another dose in the morning, you'll be as right as rain. Thanks. It... it must be the humidity. I've been stationed up in the hills and I'm not used to it. Actually, the humidity here's fairly loW. - Have you ever been in Sundernagar? - I've never heard of Sundernagar. Your shoes go green overnight. I had an inspector there Who sWore he Was getting Webbed feet - an Indian. An inspector? Were you in the Indian police, then? DSP. - I say, Merrick... - Yes? You'd think that blighter could change my shoes. Where's he gone? - He may be on an errand. - Oh. One for me. Sorry. There's a shoehorn in my kit you may find useful. Then We'll go over to the mess and have that drink together. All right? Cheers. You knoW What I've been thinking? About What you said this morning, about the INA. Those felloWs going over to the Japs could be leaving prison to get to us. - That's What I can't help thinking. - Precisely. Precisely What? That's What you can't help thinking. As an officer in the Muzzafirabad Guides - your father's regiment, I expect, too. I'm afraid I think all that's a myth - devotion to the Raj, the loyalty of the humble Indian. My experiences as a police officer have blighted my enthusiasm for ideas like that. But then, my origins and yours Were probably quite different. - I Was a grammar school boy. - Oh, really? I Was an awful duffer at school, if it comes to that. You don't think it's true, then, that these men aren't really traitors? No, many Will persuade themselves they'd have fine motives for doing What they Want. - Isn't that What We all do? - All right. But I think there are a feW things one just doesn't do. I don't blame the other ranks but When it is King's commissioned officers, Whatever colour... - That's beyond the pale. - Yes. I'm actually rather hungry. Come on, Harold. See you in there, Teddie. Does the bicycle have any special significance to you, old man? The bicycle? What do you mean - special significance? Well, as a sort of symbol of the INA. Not that I'm aWare of. - Why? - I found a ladies' one on the veranda. It Wasn't there When I got back. It Was broken. Just that - um... a broken bicycle? Well, there Were these marks too - some kind of puja - in front of the door. I'm afraid I scuffed them out. What a pity. Do you remember the marks in any detail? Afraid not. I say, do you think I Was right? - About What? - The INA. Possibly. Have you told anyone? I asked Hosain. He didn't knoW What I Was talking about. I expect he thought I Was accusing him. Have you mentioned the bicycle and the marks to anyone else? - No. - Then I shouldn't. - BetWeen ourselves. - Yes. Let me get you another of those. Bearer! Do burra peg soda. To kill the bugs. So, When's the Wedding? December, or earlier. Earlier, surely. Once jungle training starts you Won't get the chance. If you're getting married, I'd do it right aWay. There's a hill station quite close, if you've only tWo or three days. - TWo or three days? - It's quite possible. Good Lord. We hadn't seen it a bit like that. I mean... - HoW had you seen it? - Oh, a proper Wedding. In Pankot. That's Where We met - her father's station. - Cheers. - Her father? Colonel Layton. Pankot Rifles. He's a prisoner of War in Germany, by the Way. I see. So, it'll have to be a pukka Wedding. Pankot expects, that sort of thing. - What about after Christmas? - I shouldn't count on it. - You seem Well informed. - Hmm. Well advised. Oh, but tWo or three days. Here in Mirat. And What about the guests? Her family. - Oh, Would you mind a suggestion? - I should say not. You seem to knoW the score better than anyone. - Are you married, Merrick? - No. I'm er... not. - What's the scheme? - I'll tell you over dinner. Actually, it's all turned out to be quite simple. Rather exciting. "Mirat is a princely Indian state." And this is the bit. "The old MaWab has a guest house in the palace grounds "made available to us for special visitors. "There's tons of room for all of you, apparently, "including Aunt Fenny and Uncle Arthur. "It's free for the October dates We Want. "Sorry it's such a rush but it could be fun. "There's a church in the cantonment "and afterwards We can shoot up to the Nanoora Hills in a feW hours." Well? 72 hours is all they've given us. What do you think? It doesn't appear you have much choice. Full marks to him for information and method, anyhoW. - It doesn't sound like Teddie. - What? - To be so organised. - There's more to him than you think. Yes, of course. There must be. Mummy? Really, it's What you think, Susan. You're the one Who has to decide. Well, I think it Will be fun. Of course, people in Pankot Will be disappointed. Furious. It's my Wedding, so We'll just tell them. They knoW there's a War. Yes. Daddy can't be there, so it Won't be the same. There's one good thing. What? We'll have to go home early. So We'll send Mohammed round to her houseboat and he can drop in a card. I'll have to think. There's a lot to do. "Apologies - no time to call." That's that. (Sighing) Good afternoon. Lady Manners, may I come on board? Why, yes, of course. Suleiman, help the memsahib. (Speaks Hindi) I'm Sarah Layton from the next houseboat. - You sent us your card. - Ah... yes. So I Was bringing you ours but as I saW you... My mother and sister have gone to the bazaar, so I thought I'd call. Miss Layton, I've seen your family on several occasions. Yes. Quite honestly, We didn't knoW What to do. What We should say. About the awful business of your niece, I mean. - That's Why We haven't called. - But noW you have. We're going home in a feW days, so it Was the last chance. I Wondered - if you Wouldn't mind - if I could see the baby. I've often heard her. You Want to see Parvati? Is that her name? Yes, if I may. I shall be delighted. Will you folloW me? Of course, she may be asleep. Layton memsahib to see Parvati. May I? She's so tiny. Thank you. Miss Layton, Will you take tea? Please. I should love to. I think of Daphne often. Her mother looked healthy enough but she died young. And Dr Krishnamurti Warned Daphne. - It Was dangerous for her? - The labour, yes. She never saW the child. Pankot - Henry and I Were there often during the time he Was governor of the province. We never met your parents, though. Your father commands the 1 st Pankot Rifles. - Yes. - Mmm. Sad he can't be at your sister's Wedding. She is? - Susan. - And you are Sarah. I have it noW. And tWo years younger than you are. Well, you Will like Mirat. I suppose lending the guest house is part of the NaWab's War effort. He must be getting on a bit. And so must his Wasir - an extraordinary Russian ?migr? count, BronoWsky, I think. You must look out for him. The English used to hate him until they realised What a good influence he Was. Shall you be sorry to go back early? Yes, in some Ways. Lady Manners, I Wonder if you could give us some advice. We've been talking about a present - something for the NaWab for letting us have the guest house. Perhaps you could suggest What he might like. - A present. - We just couldn't think. Well, you knoW, the NaWab is distantly related to ex-Chief Minister Kasim. A charming man. Unfortunately, We've put him in prison. And both of them are related to the 18th-century Urdu poet Gaffur. I think the most flattering gift might be a specially bound copy of Gaffur's poems. That's a Wonderful idea. You can get one in Srinagar and easily have it bound here. Though that might take a feW days. There's certainly a shop in Ranpur Where they do excellent leatherwork and gold-leaf blocking. You could arrange for it on your Way through. Is that a good idea? Yes. I'm sorry. I Was just thinking... - What? - What a lot you knoW. It's one of the advantages of old age. One becomes a repository for casual bits and pieces of information. - Some of them are useful. - I didn't mean that. I'm sorry. What I meant Was "knoW", not "remember". I can't quite explain. Please forgive me. I've taken up too much of your time. But I have time, in some Ways. - Will you come again? - Yes, if I can. I understand. Hello. Auntie Mabel. Hello. We're back again. Mother and Susan are busy at home. They asked me to give you their love. Did you enjoy the holiday? We had to come back early. Susan's getting married in Mirat - the plans have changed. I knoW. Barbie told me. She heard it at the club library. She brings me all the neWs, you see? Mother Would have Written. There Wasn't time. - HoW beautiful the garden looks. - Hm, does it? - You do such a lot. - Yes. But it often strikes me as something the gods once loved and then forgot. It should have died young. I'm not here forever. I'm not sure that I love it enough. Have you seen Barbie? I think she's in the house. - She'll Want to see you. - I'll say hello. Aziz Will bring you anything you Want. I've been dying to have a chat about the Wedding. It's so exciting. Thank you, Aziz. A Wedding in Mirat. I've never been there but I've seen photographs. Palaces, mosques and minarets. And Susan in her veil Will be standing by a fountain. Have you noticed hoW still she's become since the engagement Was announced? Or have I imagined it? You don't take sugar, do you? - No, thank you, Barbie. - HoW Will you manage - the journey? - Tony Bishop is to be best man. - Yes, they'd arranged that. He'll be able to travel With us. So you'll have a man With you. Will the NaWab be at the Wedding? Oh, I'm sure he'll be invited. Perhaps he Won't come. It might be rather fraught, if that's the Word I Want. - HoW do you mean? - We locked up his relative. Mohammad Ali Kasim, the Muslim congressman - put him in clink. But then India's full of oddities like that. Have you talked to Mabel about the Wedding? No, not really. Is she very disappointed, noW she can't come? I'm sure she'd have liked to be there but Mirat's so far. Too far. She gets tired easily and she does too much. You'd have liked to come too. Me? Oh, I shouldn't have been there in any case. Your mother Wouldn't Want me... - Why do you say that? - We Won't... We mustn't talk about it. Why? - Why mustn't We? - Not about me. It's nothing to do With me, it's to do With Mabel and your mother. But you see, I am the cause. - Of What? - Of ill feeling. I'm not such a fool. I can see. I knoW What people say. You should be living here. Rose Cottage belonged to your grandfather. If Mabel had still been living here alone When War began, you Would have. She didn't Want to be here alone. She Wanted to share Rose Cottage. That's hoW you came. But still, you see, I am the cause. There's nothing I can do. Everyone in Pankot says that Rose Cottage is too big for us and the grace and favour bungaloW too small for you. Auntie Mabel Would never leave Rose Cottage. Everyone knoWs that. Do you think your mother does? After all, she isn't your aunt, she's your grandfather's second Wife. We've alWays called her Auntie Mabel. It's What she Wanted - since We Were children. She's your mother's stepmother-in-laW. Oh, mothers-in-laW are bad enough. There Was a song my father used to sing When he Was married. We Were going to discuss the Wedding and I'm going on about my father. I've got to go. Thanks for the coffee, Barbie. - Oh, you've hung the picture. - Yes. Aziz did it for me. He likes to look at it. And it reminds me of EdWina. "This is the jeWel, here is the croWn." HoW many of those children did I bring to God? That's What I Wonder. And has He any purpose? She burnt herself. Soaked the Walls With paraffin. Of the garden shed. When she came out of hospital. A fearful thing. She never ansWered my letters. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 