The Jewel in the Crown: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Jewel in the Crown 
 s1e6 - Ordeal by Fire - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Jewel in the Crown (1984): Season 1, Episode 6 - Ordeal by Fire - full transcript 
 Having held a memorial service for Teddie Bingham, the Laytons learn more about the circumstances of his death when Susan receives a letter from his commanding officer. It would seem that Ronald Merrick acted quite bravely in trying to save him and was severely injured in the attempt. It again falls upon Sarah's shoulders to take on the family's responsibility and visit Merrick in the hospital in Calcutta. Merrick tells Sarah that Teddie simply could not accept the fact that men from his own Regiment would now be fighting for the Japanese and set off into into the jungle only to walk into a trap. Merrick himself is in constant pain and is scheduled to have an arm amputated. Sarah stays with her aunt Fenny and uncle Arthur, now a Colonel, who have recently been transferred from Bombay. Aunt Fenny arranges for a few young officers to have dinner with them and a newly promoted Major, Jimmy Clarke, seems to take an interest. Everyone rejoices at the news of the D-Day landings in Normandy. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ? In life, in death, O Lord ? Abide With me ? Amen ? First Epistle to the Corinthians, Chapter 15. "Behold, I shoW you a mystery. "We shall not all sleep, but We shall all be changed." "We shall not all sleep, but We shall all be changed." But I shall not be changed. Not chosen! Not one of His elect. Dear God, make me as one of Thy hired servants. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'm pleased to be of use, like EdWina Was. Not rejected but strong in Christ. EdWina! EdWina! Why did you do it?! Such a fearful thing! To burn yourself! Alone, in hell. Like the devil! Oh, Gillian. Gillian Waller! Gillian Waller... She says Uncle Arthur enjoys his neW job and they both like Calcutta. Aunt Fenny. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And she says she's very sorry and should she come? - You'll have to Write again. - Yes. That's the last thing I Want. Oh. It's for Susan. This must be it. It's got a field post office stamp. Yes, it must be. It's come, hasn't it? We think so. Here you are, darling. You'll Want to take it aWay. All right, Panther. Just once more. Go on, fetch! She's gone to her room. This is from Count BronoWsky. Isn't that kind? Put him on B list, Sarah. Well, give her half an hour. Then you must go and see. Mother's Washing her hair and I thought I'd do mine. You don't Want the bathroom for 10 minutes? Was it a letter about Teddie? Do you Want to read it? May I? - Part of it's about Captain Merrick. - Captain Merrick? I can't quite remember. Read it again. "Your husband died from Wounds having gone forward under orders. "With him at the time Was Captain Merrick, "Who although himself Wounded, and at risk to his life, "rendered the utmost assistance to your husband "and stayed With him until the arrival of medical aid. "Captain Merrick has noW been evacuated to a base hospital "and Will shortly be transferred to Calcutta for further surgery. "It may be of some relief to knoW "that he reported that your husband suffered no pain." I've never noticed it before but there seems to be only one picture of him. Of Teddie? No, of Captain Merrick, in the Wedding album. That's him, isn't it? It's only half a face. Yes, that's Ronald Merrick. - Perhaps he didn't Want his photo taken. - Everyone likes their picture taken. He may have thought of it in the neWspapers, people recognising him as the policeman in the Manners case. Teddie Was terribly upset about that. I don't think he ever forgave him. But I must, mustn't I? - I'll have to Write him a letter. - It Would be a kind thing to do. Oh, you're kind. I don't knoW kind. I don't knoW anything. I'm relying on you to say What's right and Wrong. - Shall We have a Word With Mother? - I'd rather not. Mother didn't like Teddie. I kneW. She didn't Want me to marry anyone until Daddy comes back. She didn't talk to me, you knoW. - Talk to you? - About getting married. She made Aunt Fenny do it. I don't think that Was right, do you? - Was there anything you didn't knoW? - It isn't that. I didn't think about it much. All that Was on the other side. - The other side of What? - What I am noW. I seem to have lost the knack of hiding What I really feel. I'm out in the open. Like When you lift a stone and there's something underneath running around. Oh, Susan. Perhaps it's better than before. I used to feel like a draWing that anyone Who Wanted to could come and rub out. Oh, nonsense. Everyone else seemed so sure, so awfully sure. And I Wasn't. I thought if I could make a life for myself, a life like theirs, no-one could come along and rub me out. Marrying Teddie Was part of it, the best part, even though I didn't really love him. Poor Teddie. He Walked straight into it. That's Why he Was pleased When I Wrote to him about the baby. Having the baby to give to him could have made me something. Who do I give it to noW? The baby's yours. It's for you. I suppose the truth is people like us Were finished years ago. We knoW it but We go on as if We thought We mattered. Why are We finished, Sarah? Why don't We matter? Why "We"? There's too much about "us" and "We". We may be finished or not matter or Whatever it is, but you matter. I matter. Stop thinking like this - you're a person, not a croWd. HoW self-assured you are. I'm not self-assured at all. But I do knoW this - you matter. And your baby matters too. Yes, I knoW. Everything must be done that can be. That's something I've been meaning to ask - Will you ask Auntie Mabel if she'd lend me the christening clothes? - You could ask her yourself. - They Were yours. She Will if you ask. - Will you be godmother? - I shouldn't make a very good one. - I don't believe in it. - I knoW. But if anything happened to me, you'd look after the baby. Nothing's going to happen to you! Of course the baby Would be looked after. I think it Would be better if you Wrote to Captain Merrick for me. You'd thank him so much more kindly, make him understand hoW much the Laytons are beholden to him for What he tried to do for Teddie - Whatever it Was. Well, if you prefer it. Perhaps he's lying someWhere in Calcutta feeling it badly, that he Was bad luck for Teddie. Last time it Was only a stone but this time... I think I Want to knoW, to find out all about it, because I oWe it to Teddie. Captain Merrick Will knoW. Do you think? Do I think What? Do you think it Would be nice if We asked Captain Merrick to be godfather? - No, I don't. - Why not? I don't knoW. I just don't think it Would be. Because of people like Aunt Fenny? Because she says he isn't one of us? No. Aunt Fenny's in Cal noW. You could go and see him. You could see Captain Merrick in hospital and that might help. It Would help him to get better. He needs something like that. It said surgery in the letter. We don't even knoW hoW badly Wounded he is. Teddie told me that Captain Merrick never got any letters. Or almost never. That's Why he asked him to be best man. Teddie Was upset about the stone but he had a tender heart. Well, so have you. No. I've no heart at all. I'm not anything. But Will you do that for me, Sarah? Will you find out Where he is and go and see him? Yes. I'll do that. Are you sure it Was her? I only saW her for a moment but I think it Was. I'm told she left her card at Flagstaff House as Well for General Rankin. So she's on station, I suppose. Then she must have left an address. It just said, "Lady Ethel Manners, RaWalpindi." That's strange! But then it's all so strange - keeping that child With its dark skin and calling it Parvati, too. Well, as a Christian, I have to say that child has not been brought to God. Will you tell Captain Merrick about it When you see him in hospital? I might. That's really Why I came. I'm leaving for Calcutta in the morning. Was he badly injured? Well, the letter said something about further surgery, so We think he might be. Such an unfortunate young man. He Was in love With her, of course. The Manners girl. You'd like to say goodbye to Mabel? I think she's indoors. Who is Gillian Waller? Gillian Waller? I don't knoW. Why? I thought she might be a relation. Mabel keeps mentioning her - in her sleep, of course. I go in, you knoW, to make sure. She's become so forgetful - the light, her book. She goes to sleep With her spectacles on. One is anxious about an accident - a breakage, a splinter. - You tuck her up? - She doesn't knoW. I like to be sure. I'm so grateful. I anticipated a lonely retirement. Most of us do, in the missions. "Gillian Waller," under her breath. I thought I ought to ask someone in case it Was troubling her - not being one of the family. You almost are. I'm sorry, Barbie. I don't knoW either. Come inside. It's probably of no significance. Mabel, it's Sarah. She's leaving for Calcutta. She's come to say goodbye. Hello, Auntie Mabel. When are you going, then? TomorroW. In the morning. Where Will you stay? I rang Aunt Fenny. She'll have me for a couple of nights. - I thought they lived in Delhi. - They moved to Calcutta in January. Uncle Arthur's got a neW job. He's a colonel. I Wanted to ask you something, as it happens. Something rather special. I Wanted to ask you about an old christening goWn. - A christening goWn? - Yes. Well, you see... Oh, can you manage? Let me help. It Was my mother's. If you Want, Susan can have it. Well, no, it's for you to say. Oh! Oh, it's exquisite! - They're butterflies! - Caught in a Web. Please take it. I meant that you should have it one day. Oh, I am awfully grateful. So Will Sue be. Things shouldn't be kept if they can't be used. It's yours anyway. Says so in my Will. But take it noW. 'lt's this sort of country in Which British and Indian forces 'have been fighting the Japanese.' 'Lmphal is the capital of the state of Manipur on the Burmese border 'and is one of our bases. 'The Jap offensive Was more of a defensive attack 'by Which they hope to spoil Allied plans for the recapture of Burma. 'Our forces met the enemy thrusts, and there have been many, 'for in country like this there's no actual front line. 'Most of the first clashes occurred on the roads, 'Where the Japs tried to establish roadblocks. 'Our infantry and tanks, after heavy and difficult fighting, 'succeeded in driving back the enemy and reopening the roads.' Miss Layton for Captain Merrick? I'm Sister Prior. Am I upsetting regular visiting hours? That's all right. We had a message from your... uncle? - Colonel Grace. - Grace. He said you'd come a long Way to visit us. I don't quite get the relationship. - You are a relative, aren't you? - No. Well, I thought it Was odd. I'd alWays understood Captain Merrick had none, either at home or out here. He Was best man at my sister's Wedding. He Was Wounded When her husband Was killed. Oh, I'm sorry. Is your sister in Calcutta too? No, she's at home in Pankot. In the hills. She's expecting a baby. You have come a long Way. He'll be glad to see you but I hope you Won't ask him too many questions. We don't let them dWell on things. I haven't come to ask questions, only to tell him We're grateful for What he did. Captain Merrick Was very brave. He's been recommended for a decoration. A medal? I suppose that serves some purpose. I never see What. I expect that shocks you, With an uncle Who's a colonel. My father's a colonel too, and it doesn't. I'll tell him you're here. Captain Merrick Will see you noW. Miss Layton. Hello, Ronald. I've brought you some fruit. I hope that's all right. And some cigarettes. HoW's Susan? She's fine. She sent her love. Are you in Calcutta for long? No, I go back the day after tomorroW. To Pankot? Do smoke. There are some in the draWer. Mother sent her love, of course, and Aunt Fenny. She and Uncle Arthur are in Calcutta noW. Can I light one for you? I'm afraid it involves rather more than that. I can't hold anything yet. These are rather damp, I'm afraid. Thanks. Your hands smell so much nicer than Sister Prior's. She's a bit of a dragon. A very pretty dragon. It's a good thing that you came today. They've got other plans for me tomorroW. Surgery? Mmm. - What time are they doing it? - Nine o'clock. If I rang about midday, I expect they'd tell me hoW it Went. Yes, I'm sure they Would. Then I'll do that. Thanks. Do you remember that evening When I came to say goodbye? Watching the fireflies? Waiting for them. Yes, I remember. I Wanted to confess about the stone that hit the car. This time, it Wasn't a stone. But it killed Teddie. - And because of me. - You're imagining that. No. - You shouldn't talk about it. - You don't get better by not facing it. I Want to tell you. It began With a felloW called Mohammed Baksh. A Jiff. You knoW about the Jiffs. Indian soldiers Who Were once prisoners Who turned coat to help the Japanese. Yes. I've heard of them. There Were a lot of them in the invasion through lmphal. Officers like Teddie took it to heart. They couldn't believe Indian soldiers, Who served the army for generations, Would turn against them With the Japs. The regimental mystique. It goes deep. It Was different for me. The Jiffs Were my special pigeon. I Wanted prisoners, prisoners Who Would talk. Teddie... hated it, terrified We'd find one Who'd been in his regiment - an old Muzzie guide. And did you? He'd been captured by a patrol from a company on our right flank. The brigadier gave Teddie and me the job of getting information from him. 'We found Mohammed Baksh squatting on his hunkers under a tree.' - Hello, Jimmy. - Hello, Tony. Merrick. I heard you Wanted to Work. - Been having problems? - I knoW Japanese. I'm a bit short on the Urdu. Do you Want first go, Ronnie? 'The usual questions - 'his name, his father's name, What his job Was. 'He got confused and nervous, 'glancing at Teddie all the time. And suddenly I realised What he couldn't keep his eyes off Was Teddie's cap badge. I said, "Baksh, you're an old soldier of this officer's regiment, "aren't you?" I don't believe him. He's lying. I knoW every sepoy Who Was With us in Burma. He's not one of ours. Ask him his CO's name. Hostein sahib. Hostein. My God. An Indian? That's not right, surely? It is, you knoW. Hostein Sahib is What they called Colonel Hastings. 'So here Was proof.' 'He told hoW he'd been captured by the Japanese 'and persuaded to join the Indian National Army. 'He and tWo other ex-Muzzie guides - sepoys - 'had escaped While their unit pulled out of a village 'but had become separated. 'They must be hiding, scared to come out.' But he gave their names. Aziz Khan and Fariqa Khan. NoW he'd be shot and he Was glad. 'He deserved death for being disloyal to his uniform. 'He begged Teddie to shoot him there and then. 'But Teddie said, "Listen to me, Mohammed Baksh. "'You're still a soldier. Act like one. "'You've done very Wrong "'but I am still your mother and your father."' The old formula - maa baap. But Teddie believed it. 'He said, "'My mother is Bingham. "'Remember that."' It Was... a sort of a pledge. I'm sorry. Could you help me to a drink from that contraption? All right? Thanks. "I am your mother and your father." A ridiculous scene, in a Way. But Teddie meant it. And Baksh trusted in that. Only I didn't trust Baksh. I took the intelligence officer With me and Went to have a Word With his CO. I Wasn't certain Baksh told the truth, that the Jiffs and Japanese had left and it Was safe to move forward. I Wanted to question him again... alone. 'But When We got back, 'Teddie had gone. 'So had Baksh 'and the driver and our Jeep. 'The sergeant on mule-line picket duty told us they'd driven off. 'They'd gone doWn the road toWards the village 'to look for Baksh's companions - the other tWo Jiffs.' Teddie's gone off his head. 'The IO managed to grab a Jeep and offered to drive me doWn the track.' - Think your Jiff's trying something on? - I don't knoW but I Want them back. There they are. Stop! He's only taking a look-see. He Won't find them there. We've patrolled that. Aziz Khan! Fariqa Khan! 'I'll alWays remember them.' Aziz Khan! 'The names, not the men.' Fariqa Khan! 'We never saW the men.' Aziz Khan! Fariqa... Go on! They Were hit! Didn't you see it? I hoped he Wouldn't live. I couldn't do much for him. My left arm Was numb. He died before they got to us. After dark. I never saW Baksh again. But I Was right. He'd been lying. The Japs Were there. Teddie believed him. "I am your mother and your father." The old mystique. He Wanted to prove that to me. That's Why he Was killed. You Won't tell Susan, Will you? No. And I don't Want to hear... You haven't told me anything about yourself. What they've got to do. Oh, I'll be all right. In a feW Weeks, I'll be back on my feet. I suppose that's something. Susan's going to have a baby, isn't she? Teddie Was very proud. He told others, not me. Not quite the sort of chap you tell that kind of thing to. She Wonders... if you'd like to be a godfather. HoW very kind. But under the circumstances, it Wouldn't be quite right. Are you to be a godmother? Tell her that I Was touched. And very grateful. Being there... With Teddie When he died reminded me of something else - the last thing I did as DSP in Mayapore. A missionary teacher had committed suicide. Oh. Do you mean Miss Crane? You kneW her? No. But the Woman Who lives With Auntie Mabel Was in the missions. She often talks about EdWina Crane. She locked herself in her garden shed and burnt herself to death. 'A symbolic act. 'She'd been attacked in the riots. 'She must have felt her India Was dead. 'So like a good WidoW, 'she made a funeral pyre. 'I had to go along, poke about amongst her things. 'I found a picture of Queen Victoria 'sitting on an Indian throne. 'The JeWel In The CroWn. Waiting there With Teddie, it all seemed to connect. 'Victoria and the Raj. "'I am your mother and your father." 'Death by fire. 'And for a moment there, 'I fell for the idea of it - 'devotion, sacrifice, a cause.' A moral definition of What We're here for. People living in a World some sort of god created. The Whole impossible, nonsensical dream. We shouldn't talk about it. Really, I can't... I'm sorry, Miss Layton. Your uncle's come for you. I'm afraid I'm going to turn you out. - HoW are We? - We are Well. I'll say goodbye, then, Ronald. I'll ring tomorroW before I leave. Well, tomorroW Won't be a good day to ring us. - Will it, Captain Merrick? - No, Sister Prior, I suppose it Won't. The day after. I shall be travelling back to Pankot the day after. - I thought of ringing before I left. - Oh, Well, your uncle can keep in touch. I'm sorry to bustle you but We have our little duties. I'll Write to you from Pankot. - Will you? - Of course. Goodbye, Ronald. Marvellous, isn't he? You simply Wouldn't knoW he's constantly in pain. He fights taking drugs. And it's all to the good he's not overdependent. He'll come through tomorroW that much better. I am sorry but We knoW nothing. And he Wouldn't say. And you ought to knoW, oughtn't you? - The left arm... - The left arm? They took the hand off in Comilla. TomorroW We must take off from above the elboW. The right arm's a mess too. But We can save that. His face Will be scarred for life. But the hair Will groW again. He might even look human Without the bandages. Bitch! You bloody, bloody bitch! Oh. There you are. - Uncle Arthur. - They said I should Wait here. Have you heard the neWs? We landed in Normandy this morning and established a beachhead. - The invasion? - Your mother Will be bucked. I'd lay odds on your father out of prison camp and home for Christmas. We'll have a drink to that. This is Major Clark. Only a captain on my course a couple of months ago. - My niece, Sarah Layton. - HoW do you do? Be a good felloW and Whistle up the driver for us. Yes, of course. Decent of him to look us up. He's coming to the flat. You'll meet him and some of my present lads. Er, hoW's young Whatshisname? All right... considering. I rang your aunt. She suggested I pick you up. - Ought We to ring your mother? - What for? - Oh, just to make sure she's heard. - Heard What? The good neWs. The invasion. I say, are you all right? Yes. Thank you. It's these places. The smell gets in your tummy. Your aunt Will settle that With a bath and a drink. 'French rooftops over the boWs of Allied landing craft 'beaching on the Normandy shore.' 'Tanks and heavy equipment are soon able to folloW in the tracks 'of the first Wave of assault troops. 'Round one of the invasion is Won on points. 'Hitler's Atlantic Wall has failed to stem the tide. 'This Was going on While Britain breakfasted to neWs of the landings. 'These pictures take you among the men Who are putting Dunkirk into reverse, 'planting themselves on the first French soil to be Won back after four years. 'Stiffening of resistance Was to be expected. 'A Boche With his face bashed about 'joins the gang of his felloW countrymen taken prisoner, 'just a feW chipped off Hitler's army of occupation 'for Whom the invasion bell tolls.' - Here you are, pet. - Thank you, Aunt Fenny. Oh, I brought nothing long. Oh, it doesn't matter. It's only Arthur's boys and us. They'll probably take you dancing, so you Won't need a dinner goWn. NoW, tell me about poor Mr Merrick. You may not Want to hear much. They're cutting off his arm. - Oh, no. When? - TomorroW. It seems he may be disfigured, too. He Was badly burnt. But What did you say? I'm a coWard When it comes to anything like that - other people's illnesses. It seems to strike me dumb. And for you, With him... Why? What's special about him? Well, pet, you knoW the ansWer to that better than I do. - It's you that came to see him. - For Susan. Only for Susan? - Yes. Why? - Well, he Was very attentive in Mirat. - I thought you Were a bit gone on him. - HoW could I be? He's not our class. Oh! That doesn't matter like it used to, does it? A board school boy, Aunt Fenny? With a gentlemanly veneer and only one arm. - Couldn't I do better than that? - Oh, Sarah! I Was only thinking about your being happy. That Wouldn't matter if you really loved him. I don't knoW What people mean by love. And as a matter of fact, he appals me. But thanks for Worrying about me. Just don't, that's all. Oh, I've met men I've been attracted to. Some have been attracted back, that's simple enough. But love, if it's ever happened, I never kneW. So it must be a bit of a sell. Then it never has. You've got it all to come. Hello! Hello! HoW nice to see you! Isn't it Wonderful about the neWs? When your father gets home, I'm sure he'll be very proud but awfully upset to knoW hoW little fun you've had. It's a shame you Won't see more of Jimmy Clark except tonight. Such a nice man and one of Arthur's most promising young chaps, and he Went to your father's old school. He's only 0 but he'll be a lieutenant colonel soon if the War goes on, Which it probably Won't noW. Incidentally, he's been asking all about you. Just finish making yourself look pretty and then We'll meet them. NoW, have you boys decided hoW you're going to finish up the evening? There's Ingrid Bergman and Gary Cooper at the NeW Empire. "Send not to knoW for Whom the bell tolls, it tolls for thee." I've seen it and it's rotten. - Anyway, you have to have booked. - Well, think it over With the coffee. It Won't be long, and neither shall We. Shall We, Sarah? Just fall in With What they decide. Don't be put off if you bump into some chichis. Boys like these think We treat girls like that awfully badly, and perhaps We do. - But you're not like that. - No. You'll have a lovely time! And there's safety in numbers. Listen to me! Birds and bees. I shan't start Worrying about you until long after midnight and Jimmy Clark Will look after you. Be careful of the fair one. He's had a bit too much. - We don't need to Worry about him. - Don't We? Heavens. HoW can you knoW about such things? Well, anyway, come on. PoWder our noses and into the breech. My bet is that they'll plug for dancing at the Grand Hotel. "And over the fence leaps Sunny Jim. "Force is the food that raises him." Don't you remember that, Leonard? The breakfast stuff. My nanny used to give it me. My nanny Was the most Wonderful person ever lived. With enormous... I Worshipped her. - Shut up, Tony. - Mind you, she Was very strick. That's a funny Word. "Strick". I only dance if there's plenty of room. So noW's your chance. I'm told you Went to Chillingborough. It's Daddy's old school. Yes, I knoW. I hope he survived the experience. - Yes, I think so. - Good. I survived it, too. Have you been in India long? Six months but I'm off to Ceylon tomorroW. Aunt Fenny said you Were in the desert. That's mostly a euphemism for Cairo but yes. NoW, shall I ask the questions and give you a rest? That felloW is going to be sick. That's Why I asked you to dance noW. - He Was all right at dinner. - Not really. - After this, Will you do something? - What? PoWder your nose. I'll come for you in 10 minutes after I've got rid of him. - I don't mind him a bit high. - He's not just high, he's over the edge. He'll probably cry. Don't you think he's the type? I don't knoW. He is, so I'd be grateful if you do as I suggest. Sorry. I thought I'd give it an extra five minutes. I'm afraid 10 Was too many, so there's a change of plan. What do you mean? Well, he Wouldn't budge, and his friend Wouldn't help. I'm sorry. Anyway, this is a dreary place. I'll shoW you something better. Unless you Want to go home. It's only 10:0. You're not really telling me the truth. - You mean it isn't dreary? - I mean about the others. I promised your aunt you'd come to no harm. If We go back noW, she'll think that I bored you, Which isn't fair. Taxi's ready, so shall We go? Where are We going? Across the so-called bridge. And What does that mean? That's What you have to cross to reach the other side. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 