The Jewel in the Crown: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Jewel in the Crown 
 s1e10 - An Evening at the Maharanee's - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Jewel in the Crown (1984): Season 1, Episode 10 - An Evening at the Maharanee's - full transcript 
 Sarah travels to Bombay to meet her father, Colonel John Layton, who has been freed from his prisoner of war camp. Colonel Layton is concerned as to the well-being of a Havildar from his Regiment who apparently joined the Frei Hind, the Nazi version of the Indian National Army who fought with the Japanese. The officer in charge of the case is Major Ronald Merrick and he takes sadistic delight in belittling and degrading the Havildar during interviews. Sgt. Guy Peron from Field Security is in Bombay to attend a party where it has been reported there has been much discussion of planned military operation. Drafted as a witness to Merrick's interview of the Havildar, the Major takes a liking to him and decides to have Peron transferred to his staff. Peron was a student at Chillingborough and knew Hari Kumar. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Why did you desert your comrades to fight With the enemy? Why Were you alone not true to the salt? You have brought great shame to the regiment... and sorroW to the heart of Colonel Sahib. All Pankot knoWs of your shame... the Colonel's Memsahib, and Susan Mem and Sarah Mem. Shame makes them dumb. The Wild dogs in the hills are silent. And your Wife Will not raise her head... ever again. I've finished With this man. Take him aWay. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Sir! Attention! Prisoner escort, right turn! Quick march! Left, right, left, right, left, right, left, right... Left, right, left, right... The havildar arrived here in Bombay three days ago With other ex-prisoners of War. He's named in several of their depositions for collaborating in prison camp With the enemy as a member of the Frei Hind, of the German INA. Thank you for sitting in on the interrogation, Captain Purvis, and for the loan of your sergeant. God! The officer has amoebic dysentery, I believe. - Could you folloW the interrogation? - Yes, sir. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It Was necessary to have a Witness With fluent Urdu. No officer Was available but Major Beamish in Field Security spoke very highly of you. - Are you stationed in Bombay? - At Kalyan, sir. I came in to report to Captain Purvis for special duty. - Captain Purvis is not your officer. - I only met him today. My officer's aWay. Then it's fortunate you Were available. I gather from Major Beamish that you have a degree in history With a special interest in this country. - Did you study any Urdu at university? - Not systematically, sir. I learned some in vacations and practised With a friend during term. An Indian felloW student? Yes, sir. It's not much use, of course. Bazaar Hindi is usually sufficient. In my old job, at least. - What job Was that, sir? - The Indian police. I suppose you Were at public school before university? - Yes, sir. - At Which public school? Chillingborough, sir. This Would've been before the War. Perhaps you remember an Indian boy there Who called himself Harry Coomer. - Harry Coomer, yes, sir. - Actually, Hari Kumar, of course. Did you knoW him closely? Enough to have learned his attitudes and interests? Actually, sir, I don't remember him being interested in anything except cricket. Cricket? I'm afraid his interest in India extended beyond that. His expensive education turned out to be a Waste, as often happens in such cases. He Was arrested With five of his friends in 1942 on a serious criminal charge. They Wriggled out of it but there Was sufficient evidence to imprison them on political grounds. Was it you Who arrested him, sir? Yes, it Was. Indeed it Was. And, um, What did you make of Havildar Karim Muzzafir Khan, Sergeant Perron? He seemed fairly harmless to me, sir. Mm. Like Hari Kumar. Well, sir, I don't remember Kumar very Well... - Ah, feeling better? - Not noticeably. I could give you something to deal With that. Probably already had it. In every sense, that is. I see. Thank you, Sergeant Perron. Sir. And thank you, Captain Purvis. Thank God for that! What did Major Beamish tell you about this job? Only to bring a change of clothes, so I shouldn't be recognised as Field Security. I've got those in here, sir. - Civvies? - No, sir, my Army Education Corps gear. That'll do. Who is Major Merrick, sir? I noticed he has the DSO. Has he? Frosty sort of bugger, Wasn't he? Oh, my God! Shoes! Have you got shoes, Sergeant? - In my kit bag, sir, With the uniform. - Thank God for that. What's this party We're going to this evening, sir? I don't think I'll make it. You'll have to go alone. It's all to do With security and this Zipper Operation, so called! Security! Doesn't it make you Weep? An armada for anyone to see - Whenever you can see through the monsoon mists! Everything ready to go, obviously to Malaya for a sea-borne invasion, and some silly bastard's Worried about security! - Does that strike you as amusing? - Yes, sir. I tend to see the War as a rather amateur production. - What do you mean? - Under-rehearsed and over-long, sir. Sorry, sir. HoW did you come into Bombay? Got transport? - No, sir, not today. - That's mine. You hop in the back. I'm billeted in a block of flats near the Oval. Sir? Look Where you're bloody going! - I do apologise. - Why? The officer couldn't have seen you. He isn't very Well. Wasn't me he bumped into, it Was Nazimuddin. Thank you for apologising for him. (Fenny) She's gone With Nazimuddin to hold the taxi for us. - Is John ready, Arthur? - He's coming. No need to flap. Oh. Can We help you, Sergeant? I Was looking for the officer Who just came up. Captain Purvis. - Captain Purvis, Arthur. - Next floor up. In the Hapgoods' flat. - Next floor up. - Thank you. What is he doing? Why does it take so long? Sahib. Help yourself to a drink. Everything's on the tray. Thank you, sir. - Can you guess hoW long I've been ill? - No, sir. Ever since I got off the boat. Three months, tWo Weeks and four days. - Bad luck, sir. - HoW long have you been here? - Since '4, sir. - And before that? Cambridge, sir. Read history. HoW did you avoid getting a commission? By alWays saying no, sir. I'm sorry, but that is very ironic. This party is in the house of an Indian lady off the Marine Drive. There'll be no difficulty about you going in my place. It's the kind of flat Where officers and men fraternise. Not to mention White, black and in betWeen. Sexually, I'd say some of the company is ambivalent. Will that Worry you? I don't think so, sir. There'll be some girls there as Well, if you can sort them out. Apart from unambivalent girls, sir, What else should I look out for? As far as I'm concerned, this Whole thing is a Waste of time. You're not going to arrest anyone, are you? At least not for spying. I made a casual remark to some damn fool officer about a Weird party I'd been at, Where I'd heard a lot of careless talk about the Zipper invasion landing near Port SWettenham. Next thing, I'm hauled in by Beamish and told I'll have to go back With a Field Security chap in disguise. I thought he Was joking. Are We landing near Port SWettenham, sir? HoW the hell do I knoW? I'm an economist. - Does it bore you to call people, sir? - No, sir. What is your actual job, sir, if I may ask? You may Well ask. I ask myself. All I can tell you is that I'm Waiting for a call from Delhi that never comes. India. My God. Why don't We give it back, eh? Or sell it off to the highest bidder. NoW We've got a Labour government, perhaps We shall. Wouldn't that be rather unfair, sir? Selling out, I mean. Historically, We have some moral obligation, surely. Moral obligation. For heaven's sake, you've been in India - What? - TWo years? It's taken me no more than three months to Write it off as a Wasted asset. Ruined by buggers from the upper and middle classes Who come here to chuck their Weight about. Ever felt the only Way to survive a War Was to treat it as totally unreal? - The thought has struck me. - Ever succeeded? - From time to time. - I envy you. I don't seem to have the capacity. Six years of criminal Waste! History, you said? Seriously or just a Way of spending your gilded youth? - I intend to continue. - Well, it's different for you. You can make history into a study of human folly. Sometimes I feel I shall never be able to forgive the Waste. I had a breakdoWn, you knoW. TWo years ago. I'm sorry to hear that, sir. What do the doctors say about your illness? - I haven't seen any. - Do you think that's Wise? Yes, I do. I can't afford to be ill, Sergeant. Not for a day, not for an hour. I'm Waiting for that message and a 50-50 chance of salvaging something from the utter Waste and ruin of my career. I'm Waiting for Delhi. Are those your paintings, sir? Behind you. Nothing's mine. I'm only billeted. Everything belongs to the bloody English bank official Who oWns this flat. They're 18th century in the Basohli style. Does he knoW hoW valuable they are? Shouldn't think so. His Wife Would've locked them up. I Wouldn't knoW a Work of art from a bee's arse. Why is one canvas Worth thousands and another sod all? - Would you mind freshening this? - Not at all. With rum. Fix another for yourself. - Better keep a clear head for the party. - I'll Write you a note. You can take a bottle of some very special Whisky and present it to our hostess. Not that I think you'll have any trouble getting in. - She's a Maharanee, incidentally. - Really, sir? And lives in a place called Sea Breezes, Would you believe? So pop on this disguise of yours and have a look-see. Sir. - Hello. - Hello. - I've got a note and a package. - For me? Oh, it's for Auntie. What a jolly shame. - But, please, do come in. - Thank you. Auntie has been resting but she is finished noW. She says it is good for me to Welcome guests. Once I Was very shy, but I am not any more. What is your name? Then I can tell Aunty. - Perron. Sergeant Perron. - Come closer. I can't see Who you are. Your Highness, We haven't met. I... l've brought you this and a note from Captain Purvis. Captain Purvis? He must be one of Jimmy's friends. When Jimmy's in Bombay, he brings so many people. - He sent a bottle of special Whisky. - Whisky? Leonard Purvis? Who is this Leonard Purvis? - What is your first name? - Guy. There's also Percival but I'm not at all keen on it. Names are a terrible problem. It's best to make them up. - Will you stay to my party? - Thank you. It may be boring. It's difficult to tell. It depends on Who comes. Anyway, tonight, Aneila tells me, it has begun Well. - What do you do? - Very little, I'm afraid. What a relief. People are alWays dashing about. Where are you staying? - At Kalyan. - Ah, then you're on Zipper. Nearly all the people Who come here are on Operation Zipper. Aneila Will take you in and get you a drink. You must ask her to dance. - Thank you, Your Highness. - And you must call me Aimee. Pandy and I are divorced but I keep the title. Servants and shopkeepers like it. Aneila, do stop hovering! Take this young man in. Yes, Auntie. Please, Will you come? - Tell one of the boys to get me a glass. - Yes, Auntie. What Will you have to drink? Auntie says all sergeants like beer. - But one asked for a White Lady. - Were you able to oblige him? Oh, yes. It takes ages. You have to put the glass in the refrigerator. Good evening. We meet again. Do you knoW each other? I'm awfully glad. I'm so bad at names. - Perron. - Sarah Layton. Miss Layton, do you Want to poWder your nose? - Thank you. - Please, join the guests, Mr Perrer. Auntie says men can alWays introduce themselves. - And I Will shoW Miss? - Layton. - Miss Layton Where to poWder her nose. - Thank you. Please. - Come in, young man, come in. - I'm afraid I'm an interloper. There are no interlopers at Aimee's parties. They are the rule. AlloW me to introduce myself. Dimitri BronoWsky. Sergeant Perron. This is my secretary, Mr Ahmed Kasim. Younger son of Mohammed Ali Kasim, a celebrated politician of Whom you may have heard. HoW do you do? - And Mr Ronald Merrick... - Excuse me, sir. ...of the Indian police, but at the moment employed as a major in the Punjab Regiment. - Good evening, Sergeant. - Sir. NoW, What does this mean? AEC? Army Education Corps. Ah. And hoW does one educate an army? One tries to find Ways of stopping it from being bored. - You have qualifications? A degree? - Yes, sir. You should stay in India after the War. We're short of teachers. In our oWn college in Mirat, for instance. Are you its principal, sir? I? No. Count BronoWsky is the Chief Minister to the ruler, the NaWab of Mirat. The Hindu college Was one of my first innovations. Before that, there Was only the Muslim Academy, Which taught boys the Koran And turned out tax collectors - if Ahmed here Will forgive me. Not that he had such a traditional Islamic training, did you? - What? - Incorrigible. He seldom listens to conversations. He comes to parties only to drink Whisky and to make up to the prettiest girls. And here are tWo! Aneila, my dear. Was I in error in supposing your aunt said seven? Where is Aimee? No, Auntie's parties begin When people arrive but I'll tell her to hurry. Raju. - Please, please take What you Want. - Thank you. Do you knoW Mr Perron of the Army Education Corps? Yes, We introduced ourselves in the hall. Thanks you. Am I right in supposing that our hostess is someWhat unorthodox? Unorthodox... yes. (? Long Ago And Far AWay) Your father must be the Congress statesman, MAK. Yes, he is. Are you in Bombay for long? A feW days. It must be very interesting Working for a NaWab's Chief Minister. Is Count BronoWsky What We used to call a White Russian, an ?migr?? Yes. A soldier? I Wondered about his loss of an eye. A revolutionary bleW up his carriage on his Way to the Winter Palace. Has he been in Mirat long? About 25 years. Before he came, the state Was quite feudal. He's been a good influence on the NaWab. Does Miss Layton have any connection With Mirat? She and the Count seem to be old friends. She visited once. Her sister got married there. - She lives in Bombay? - No, Pankot. - Pankot? - Why, do you knoW it? Only its regiment, the First Pankot. I saW a man today... Her father Was CO of the First Battalion. She's in Bombay to meet him. He's been a prisoner of War in Germany. - So Colonel Layton's back in India noW? - Yes... Ahmed, darling, What are you doing in Bombay? Oh, darling, is it true about your poor brother Sayed? (? Upbeat jazz) Hey, Sarge, What do you reckon, then, eh? - Reckon? - Well, you knoW, it doesn't look like a... - What do they rush you for the booze? - They don't. It's free at parties. - Are you on your oWn? - No, no. I'm Wi' him. Come here. What do you mean, parties? Isn't this Aimee's? That is the hostess's first name. The rotten bas... They told us this Was... Aimee's, flat number 2. Six chips each. I think you're the victim of a practical joke. Dead right. Maybe We'd better bloW before We get chucked out. I don't think you Will be. Thank you. Hold on to these. You'll be less conspicuous. - Cheers, Sarge. - Cheers. (Corporal) Hey, take a dekko at that lot over there! Hey, Sarge, do you think they'd mind if We... er... said hello? - I think they'd be delighted, but... - Come on, Jim. Let's try our luck. - Thanks, Sarge. - Corporal... A bit of advice from my old sergeant major. BeWare the mysteries of the Orient. Don't Worry about us, Sarge, We knoW the game. - Will We save you one, eh? - No, thank you. A Word With you. - Are you on duty? - Yes, sir. I take it this disguise is permitted? - In certain circumstances, yes, sir. - A bit risky, though, isn't it? For instance, Miss Layton has just told me about her meeting With you earlier. In your other uniform. Not in anyone else's hearing, I hope, sir. No, but quite properly, she thought I ought to knoW. - Are you expecting Captain Purvis? - No, sir. - Will you go back to his flat? - I shall have to, sir, to change. I Was thinking of taking Miss Layton home. Can you tell me if the reasons for your presence here are likely to become apparent through some kind of unpleasantness? I'm not sure I understand you, sir. It's fairly routine from my point of vieW. Routine? I sympathise With you, Sergeant, if this is routine. Not the party, sir. My reasons for being at it. You see nothing odd about the party? It's a bit noisy, sir. Of course, it does have an unusual aspect. Other ranks mixing With officers, but of course I kneW that before I came. I'm beginning to Wonder about your poWers of observation, Sergeant. - Have you an identity card With you? - Yes, sir. Would you shoW it to me if I asked to see it? - No, sir. - If I ordered you to. - No, sir. - Let me put it to you, Sergeant. I have seen you in one place, apparently bona fide, but here I find you in another role and in the most unsavoury surroundings. I have suspicions about you, I ask you to shoW me your card, you refuse. I call another officer to ring for the Military Police. - What then? - Presumably I should be arrested, sir. - And then? - And then, sir, We should see. - Major Beamish Was right. - About What, sir? About your being a tough nut to crack. I Wanted to see hoW easy it'd be to force you to act against your better judgment. - May I ask Why, sir? - Not here. I Would like to caution you to observe discretion on tWo other matters. I'd ask you to say nothing to Miss Layton about Havildar Karim Muzzafir Khan. In fact, nothing at all about the circumstances in Which We met earlier today. The other taboo subject, at least in front of Miss Layton, is Hari Kumar. - Will you remember that? - Yes, sir. Mr Perrer, Mr Perrer! - Mr Perrer? Where is the Sergeant? - Over there. Oh, here you are! Thank goodness! Auntie's asking for you. Come quickly. She's in a terrible temper and Won't come out. So embarrassing With all these people here. - I expect We shall be here for a While. - Please come to Auntie. Quickly, do! Shut the door! I cannot stand it! - Auntie, don't shout. People Will hear. - HoW can they hear? They are making so much noise, I cannot hear myself speak! Taste it. Taste it! What is this Purvis creature trying to do? Poison me? You see? It's disgusting! Taste it. The taste is even more disgusting than the smell! Aneila, Why are you standing there doing nothing? Get Mr Perron a glass. Actually, Your Highness, it's a very fine and rare old malt Whisky. - An acquired taste, admittedly... - It's disgusting! What is keeping you, Aneila? I said bring Mr Perron a glass! I'm bringing it, Auntie. Here. Here I am. Pour him one. Well? Is it not disgusting? Not to my Way of thinking, Your Highness. It might seem a little smoky but that's part of its charm to people Who like it. They must be depraved, then! They are all barbarians Who come to my parties. - Surely... - Who else is here? Aneila tells me nothing. Several Who are not barbarians. There's a charming English girl... HoW can she be charming? I detest English girls - so stupid and rude. They come out here because, in England, they Wouldn't be looked at tWice! Aneila, the party is cancelled. Tell the servants to lock up the drinks and go to bed! - I'm ill! Poisoned by this Purvis creature! - Auntie, What can I say to everybody? And take that bottle and drink it yourself if you like such stuff! - Very Well, Your Highness. I'm sorry... - Only take it! I cannot stand the smell! We leave Bombay tomorroW. It is full of spongers and hangers-on! Oh, Auntie! (Sobs) Why have We come aWay? The Maharanee didn't like the Whisky I gave her from Captain Purvis. Oh? What Was Wrong With it? Nothing, in my opinion. It Was Old Sporran. The genuine thing? HoW extraordinary. My father Was talking about it only the other day. Poor Aimee has never been able to make up her mind What she Wants from life. Abject apologies for the failure of the evening. May I offer you some entertainment for What is left of it? Very civil of you, but Miss Layton has a tiring journey ahead of her tomorroW. I understand. What about you, Mr Perron? - Thank you, sir, but... - The Sergeant must get back to camp. He has no late pass. I have agreed to drop him off there. I hope you understood. I made that offer Whilst We Were at the party. - More or less, sir. - A lift seems the least We could do. You saved us from finding the drinks locked up and the servants gone. I find it inexplicable. It is India. I hope you are not plagued still by such incidents as occurred When you Were in Mirat. The stone, the Wailing WidoW. Has all that sort of thing died doWn? - Yes... thank you. - Too bad. For our part, We've had no further visit from the venerable Pandit Baba. It Was the boy's aunt, I think, he brought With him to the station on that occasion. You never met the girl's aunt, Lady Manners, did you? No. Does your driver remember Which block? We're almost there. (Car horn sounds) If you are ever in Mirat, a note to the lzzat Bagh Palace Will alWays find me, even if We're up at Nanoora. - Good night, Mr Perron. - Good night, sir. Thank you. Good night, Kasim. - Good night, Mr Kasim. - Good night. I often think of Mirat and our ride together that morning. - Do you still go out regularly? - Not as often as I should. - Goodbye, Miss Layton. - Goodbye. Come doWn to the Graces' flat When you're ready. It's on the first floor. Count, I Would have liked you to meet my father, but my aunt and uncle persuaded him to go out and they Won't be back yet. I understand. And you have the journey tomorroW. Please give my kindest regards to your mother and sister, too. And I hope your father Will be fit again very soon. - Au revoir, Miss Layton. - Goodbye. Thank you, Count, for a most interesting evening. Good night... Major Merrick. - Sir, What to do, What to do! - What? Come, sahib, come! - What happened? - Sahib Purvis, sahib, drunk, sleeping. Hold that. Captain Purvis? Captain Purvis, it's Sergeant Perron. Captain Purvis? Bathroom, sahib. Captain Purvis, are you all right, sir? - I'll have to break it in. - No! I'll Write a chit for the door. Christ! Help me! Grab his feet! Wait! In the bedroom. - Sahib dead? - I don't knoW. Come on, in the bedroom. Get a toWel. Quick. You go doWnstairs to the first floor, ring Colonel Grace's bell. Ask for Major Merrick, anyone. Understand? Yes, sahib. Wait! Say, "Doctor, ambulance, Purvis sahib." Quick. Go on! Come on, sir! That's done. He's on his Way to hospital in a blood Wagon. Simpson says he'll be all right and... er... you did a splendid job. I don't think you need Worry about Captain Purvis. When he's recovered, they'll hand him over to the psychiatric people. - Kangra painting, isn't it? - I Wish I'd kept quiet about it. Perhaps he'd have left them alone. I think this Was the cause. "Area Command, Delhi, mission cancelled. AWait further orders. "Southeast Asia Command." Doesn't seem much. I think he'd just had enough. - HoW many of those have you had noW? - This is my third. Mm. You'll suffer from delayed shock. You should get your proper clothes and come doWnstairs and clean up. - Miss Layton's invited us for a meal. - Has she, sir? Then I'll come. You Will remember Which subjects are taboo, Won't you? The havildar... and Harry Coomer. Good. Perhaps you'd tell me What Coomer did, sir. He and his friends raped an English girl. I Was amazed the Count thought fit to mention it in front of a Woman. I find it difficult to imagine Coomer raping anybody, sir. But you didn't really knoW him. Do you think, if you teach an Indian the rules of cricket, he'll become an English gentleman? Hardly, sir. I knoW Englishmen Who play cricket brilliantly and they're absolute shits. Do you? I think it might be a nice gesture to give the Whisky to Miss Layton, seeing as her father is so fond of it. - Good idea, sir. - Then I'll take you back to camp. By the Way, I'm arranging to have you attached to my department. You'll get signal at Kalyan tomorroW. That's very kind of you, sir, but I don't think my department Will alloW that. I think you'll find they're overruled. We mustn't keep Miss Layton Waiting. - Shall We go doWn? - I'll just get my bag, sir. The havildar is taboo because it Would upset Colonel Layton. - The havildar's in his regiment, sir? - Correct. Neither he nor Miss Layton knoW I've questioned the man. Layton believes he could straighten things out With him in a feW minutes. I'm against that. Isolation breaks the prisoner's Will, increases the readiness to talk. Shall I relieve you of that? Sarah... l've got Sergeant Perron here. - Hello. Are you all right? - He's still a bit groggy. I don't Wonder. I'll shoW you Where you can freshen up. - Thanks. - Father's come home early, Ronald. He Was feeling tired. Would you like to sit With him? Of course. - It's in here. - Thank you. Thank you. Do bathe or shoWer if you Want to. There's a large green toWel that hasn't been used. If you Want to borroW anything, Father Won't mind. It's very kind of you but I've got a change of clothes in here. My correct uniform, the one you saW me in this afternoon. Yes, of course. I'll leave you to it, then. - HoW hungry are you? - Not really at all. You should eat. My aunt thought We'd be out. There's only cold chicken and salad. - And What Aunt Fenny calls a shape. - I'm rather partial to shape. Good. Nazimuddin can bring you a drink. Perhaps you'd prefer some of your Whisky? I rather think I've had enough. Major Merrick suggested We make a present of it to your father. Will he be insulted by the leftovers? Not of that Whisky. HoW very kind of you. - Just come along When you're ready. - OK. What is it? You've been so long, I thought our sergeant Was suffering some reaction. Actually, sir, We've been discussing the attractions of blancmange. Oh, you're having shape again, then? If it's one of the sergeant's favourite afters, We'll let him get changed. Thank you, Ronald. Bugger you, too, Merrick. Sahib. - Feeling better? - Yes. Thank you. Father, this is Sergeant Perron. My father, Colonel Layton. - Good evening, sir. - Hello. Take a seat, Sergeant. - Hear you've been in the Wars tonight. - The evening has been rather hectic. Mine too. Thought I'd give the rest of it a miss. Perron. There Was a Perron at the school I Was at, before the First World War, at Chillingborough. That Would have been my father, sir. Would it indeed? So you're Perron's son, then. I don't suppose I've thought of him since I left. - Is he still going strong? - He Was killed in 1918, sir. Oh, sorry. And your mother? - She died in 1919 of Spanish flu. - You poor felloW. Still, you'll be too young to remember that. Yes, sir. No, thank you, sir. Actually, I had a very pleasant childhood. I Was brought up by an eccentric aunt. Eccentric enough to send you to Chillingborough? Yes, sir. Fine athlete... Perron. I think your father's tired, Sarah. Ronald thinks you're tired, Father. Are you? Not in the least. I tell you What I'd like, though. A peg of that Whisky of Ronald's. Why don't We all do that? It's Wasn't Ronald's Whisky, it Was Sergeant Perron's. And before that, a Maharanee's. Nazimuddin, Whisky lai. Is that so? I'm very grateful Whose ever it Was. Extraordinary thing. The name of that brand came up in the last conversation I had in camp. I Was saying goodbye to this Oberlieutenant and he said he'd think of me in future sitting in a comfortable room sipping Old Sporran and reading Pride And Prejudice. Apparently, I'd told him that's What I dreamed of doing When I got home. He'd remembered it so accurately. I must say, I found that rather touching. Something one says quite casually capturing another chap's imagination, staying in his mind. Nice felloW. Very correct, very formal, but fair. Yes, very fair. Will you join us for supper, Father? - What? - Supper. Oh, no, no. Had my supper. In any case, I've still got the unexpired portion of the day's ration if I get peckish. Supper in ten minutes, Nazimuddin, for three. Extraordinary. I haven't held a bottle of this for years. I remember my father... saying... Come on, Daddy, you've had a long day. Yes. I think I'll turn in... if you'll excuse me. Glad We met. Good night, sir. Anyway, he Wasn't really sleepy, just tired of company. - He said he'd read for a While. - Jane Austen? Probably. He Was talking again about the havildar. It's quite pointless. A complete Waste of time. - I knoW but it's for you to explain. - I thought I had. Sorry. We're talking of something you knoW nothing about. A havildar in Father's regiment apparently joined the Frei Hind in Germany. Father Wants to see him but Major Merrick says it's impossible. An order prohibits contact betWeen INA prisoners and their officers. It's not as if your father's opinion Won't be asked for. Someone Will come up to Pankot and take a statement at the proper time. Will the person coming up be you? Possibly. Would you like me to speak to your father noW? There'll be no opportunity before you catch the train. As Aunt Fenny isn't here, she Won't be hurt if I refuse the shape. I should be very grateful. If you Wouldn't mind. Very Well. Give my helping to the sergeant. It'll build him up. Not that he looks starved exactly but then sergeants seldom do. We'll hold coffee for you. Does it seem strange? My father's concern. Hill regiments are very close-knit. My father can look at the nominal roll and draW a family tree of every man in it. - Does that strike you as silly? - No, admirable. And sad. Wouldn't you say sad? Particularly if you'd seen so many die and the rest carted off as prisoners. Yes, very sad. At Chillingborough, do you remember someone - a boy called Harry Coomer? Harry Coomer? Or Nigel RoWan? Nigel RoWan. Yes. But only as one of the minor figures on Olympus Would have knoWn Zeus. Came out here in the army, didn't he? As he Was alWays Winning Classics prizes, I thought that a curious choice. Does he still have What I recall as a very detached and patrician manner? I think it is only a manner. Um... Will you have some jam? It makes it taste a little. Yes, it does need something. What does your uncle, Colonel Grace, do exactly? He runs a course for young officers, to attract them into the Civil or the police When the War's over. - Does he have much success? - More in Bombay than Calcutta. He expects even more noW Labour's Won the election. Yes. I suppose some people think the prospects at home are bleak noW. - But aren't they even Worse over here? - It depends. If Uncle's right and there's a long handing-over period, he says the Indians Will be glad to have experienced men Working With them. I don't think he is right. I don't think there Will be a long handing-over period. - Why? - Because that'd be the logical thing. I think the situation's become too emotional for logic to come into it. And hoW Will you feel about it When it happens? - I don't think I'll Want to stay on. - Why, especially? I don't think it's a country one can be happy in. But you'd be happy in England? Probably not. I am sorry you don't remember Hari Kumar. Nigel does. I think that's settled it. I hope he understands the problem better noW. I think We'll skip coffee. I've got a lot of Work to do back at the hotel and I've got to drop the sergeant off at Kalyan. - If you're ready. - Perhaps you'd like some more shape? No, but thank you very much. It Wasn't very good, Was it? My father asked me to ensure you knoW hoW grateful he is for the Whisky. - He's sorry he Was under the Weather. - I hope he feels better soon. - I'll take you to the station tomorroW. - Thank you, Ronald. Till tomorroW, then. - Goodbye, Mr Perron. - Goodbye. - Don't forget your pack. - No, I Won't. Thank you. Thank you. I'm grateful for the lift. Good night, sir. One case you'll find very interesting When you join me is that of the brother of the Indian you met tonight. - Ahmed Kasim? - Mm. His brother Sayed Went over to the INA in Malaya. Intriguing When you remember that his father is an ex-Chief Minister. Right. I'll see you in a couple of days, then, at the most. Oh, no, you Won't. You bloody Well Won't! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 