The Jewel in the Crown: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Jewel in the Crown 
 s1e4 - Incidents at a Wedding - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Jewel in the Crown (1984): Season 1, Episode 4 - Incidents at a Wedding - full transcript 
 The Layton family has traveled to Mirat but the wedding plans are in disarray. Susan is quite naturally on edge and her aunt Fenny's flitting about doesn't help the situation. Teddy Bingham's best man is unavailable and Ronald Merrick volunteers himself for the job. He doesn't tell anyone that he continues to receive subtle forms of harassment and reminders of his handling of the Manners case and the men who were imprisoned. It all comes out however when someone throws a stone at the car carrying Teddy and Merrick to the chapel. The fiasco continues when the Nawab of Mirat, an invited guest, is refused entry to the club. Susan saves the day however. At the wedding reception, the Maharajah's senior advisor, Count Bronowski and his social secretary, Ahmed Kasim, make an impression on Sarah and Merrick. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Come on. Here, boy. There are other arrangements to be made. - That Won't stop me. - Then there's the journey. Uncle Arthur Will be there! - Sarah! - Have you heard? - Tony Bishop's contracted jaundice. - NoW there's no best man. - When did you hear? - Just noW. He's in Pankot General. He'll be there three Weeks at least. Of Teddie's friends, Tony Bishop strikes me as the most sensible. - Well, you can't change the date. - Unless you call it off. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Mother! Best men are tWo-a-penny. Right, I'm going up to area headquarters to put a call through to Teddie. - Susan, you can't! - Why not? It's not just personal, it's a crisis. Dicky Beauvais Will get through for me. Shan't be long. - I am holding on! - Hello. Hold on, please. - I'm through to HQ Mirat. - I'm putting you through noW. They're putting Teddie on the line noW. - Oh, thanks, Dicky. - That's fine. - Hello! - Hello. Hello. Teddie, is that you? Susan! Quiet! I say, What's going on? - Tony Bishop's ill. - III? Yes. He's got jaundice. So there's a panic on. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Jaundice! I say, that's rotten! What are We going to do? You'll have to find someone else, and PDQ or Mother's going to say the Whole thing's off. Oh, Lord. Are you there, Teddie? Well, it's a tall order, isn't it - finding a neW best man? Well, you'll have to think. There must be someone Who can take Tony's place. - Hold on a bit. - All right. I think there is. I'll ask the felloW I share quarters With. He's a helpful and Willing chap. Just leave it to me. Don't Worry your pretty little head about a thing. - Everything's in hand. - 'We haven't got much time.' - I knoW. I knoW. - Teddie! You mustn't Worry! Mirat Cantonment! Mirat Cantonment! - Hello, Mrs Layton! - Teddie. Things are looking up. You're only 25 minutes behind schedule. - Hello, Sarah. - Hello, Teddie. Gosh, you look Wonderful. Darling! Teddie, you haven't met Susan's Aunt Fenny and Uncle Arthur. Major and Mrs Grace, Teddie Bingham. - HoW do you do? - HoW do you do? I'm going to give the bride aWay. HoW do you do, sir? I've got breakfast organised. I expect you're famished. Don't Worry about your things. If you'll folloW me, I'll steer you to the station restaurant. Which is pretty good - cornflakes, porridge, eggs and bacon, and all the trimmings - everything's on. After breakfast one can face almost anything. We're lucky to be here, you knoW. If the Wedding Was later, Arthur could not have come. No, thank you. That's all right then, Mrs Grace - Saturday it is. What about your best man, Teddie? I asked the chap I share With. He'll be along to help me run you over to the guesthouse. His name's Merrick. I hope you like him. Merrick? Doesn't ring a bell. What is he? A GI. Wasn't there a Merrick in Lahore in '1? It could be the same family. It Wasn't Merrick, Fenny. It Was "Meerick". Married one of the Selby girls. I don't knoW a Merrick. Is he an emergency officer? He got an immediate commission. He Was in the Indian police. - That's unusual. - I should say. - What rank? - Captain. I gathered that When you said GI. - His rank in the police! - Oh, that. Superintendent, I think. In What district? He did tell me. Is it... Is there a place called Sundar something? Oh, Sundarnagar. Oh, a backWard area - quite unimportant. His first name's Ronald. He's checked the guesthouse. The NaWab's put it at our disposal. You'll have it to yourselves. Shall We see the NaWab? Why should you Want to see the NaWab? There's a scandal about him. He fell in love With a White Woman. Did he? Who told you that? I did. I thought everybody kneW. The Woman Was a Russian ?migr?. It Was quite a cause c?lebre. The NaWab had to be rescued by this Russian count called BronoWsky and afterwards he brought him to India as his prime minister. If he's really a count I'll eat my hat. The NaWab's been under his thumb ever since! You still haven't ansWered my question, Teddie. Once Aunt Fenny starts it's difficult to get a Word in edgeWays. I asked Whether We shall see the NaWab. The station commander says We ought to invite him to the reception but it's not certain he can come. Because the reception's at the club? He's alloWed in as a guest. Because of Ramadan - he'll be fasting. I'd like to have a naWab at my Wedding, especially one Who used to be Wicked. Ah, there's Ronald noW. He might even bring me a Wedding present - a feW ropes of pearls. Quite a good-looking man but not public school, of course. You can alWays tell. You get some peculiar people in the police. I don't expect Captain Merrick's family Would bear close inspection. But he's quite the little gentleman, isn't he? And very attentive over detail. He said the luggage had already arrived at the guesthouse. So he's been there. HoW shall We go - you, Susan and Teddie in one taxi, me and Arthur, Sarah and Captain Merrick in the other? No. I'll go With Sarah and Captain Merrick. Then I'll feel less like a mother-in-laW. I hope Arthur isn't going to keep us hanging about as usual. - The cars are over there! - Oh, yes. Mother Would like you to come With us. Teddie's taking the others. Yes, I see. - Shall I lead the Way? - Right. We'll folloW on. - Happy? - Isn't the bride supposed to be? - It is the general idea, I believe. - Well, then I am. Miss Layton? I'll ride in front, Captain Merrick. You go in With Mother. I think I've covered all the drill for the day itself. The chaplain's name is Faulks and you'll be meeting him later on. We're coming to the church noW. There'll be a small party at the club. I'd like to introduce you to Colonel and Mrs Hobhouse. I think that's about all, Mrs Layton. Except, there's a young felloW Who's distantly related to the NaWab Whose job is to see that you have everything you Want. His name is Ahmed Kasim, the son of Mohammad Ali Kasim - the chief minister in the provincial government of 197-9. But isn't he locked up? Yes. It's something to remember When dealing With young Kasim. He's not the type of Westernised Indian Who thinks he's a cut above the rest. Oh. We promise to be Well behaved. I beg your pardon, Mrs Layton. I put it clumsily. The point I intended to make Was that Kasim's an attractive felloW but treat him cautiously - it Would be unnatural for him not to resent us a bit. We probably shan't have time to let it Worry us. Er, no. There's the palace noW. You're looking in the Wrong direction. I'm not looking in any direction. There's so much glare. That's the guesthouse. The chap in the scarlet turban is Abdul Rahmin. He's head bearer. The little felloW holding his topi, his name's Abraham - Christian. And, yes, there's Mr Kasim. So, Mrs Layton drinks, you say. You mean in secret? I don't knoW about in secret but she starts first and finishes last and has tWice as much as anybody else. I've also noticed her behaviour's erratic. Her husband is a prisoner of War in Germany, you say. And her sister, this Mrs Grace, is she also erratic? No. She is perfectly predictable. You can depend upon her to be rude. Oh, dear boy. What have you overheard her saying about you? It seems I'm quite efficient for an Indian. I'd make a good ma?tre d'h?tel if I didn't stink so abominably of garlic. I doubt if Mrs Grace Would knoW a good ma?tre d'h?tel. The English seldom do. But she meant Well. And you do! You must admit, Mildred, it's easier if a man has parents. All there is in Teddie's case is a father in the Muzzie Guides Who broke his neck hunting and a mother Who married again and died in Mandalay. - What is it, pet? - Have you any aspirins? They're on the dressing table. It's not for Susan, is it? This is a very aWkWard time for her. No, Aunt Fenny, it's not for Susan. It's for me. My headache. Susan's lying doWn and she's absolutely fine. I've taken tWo. Thanks. Well. Well, What? I suppose she finds all this rather a strain - the Wedding, I mean. After all, Teddie Was quite keen on her, Wasn't he? I don't think Sarah Was ever keen on him. And the girls, are they more to your taste? Tell me about the younger sister, Who isn't to be married. But she isn't the younger. Ah, that is alWays interesting. I imagine she isn't as pretty or perhaps more serious-minded. - She asks a lot of questions. - Is she so very plain, then? I find all White girls unattractive. They look only half-finished. But she is better natured than her sister. Is that dangerous? - Why? - I understand it can be. This kind of English person invites confidence but this is a trap. One Wrong move, one hint of familiarity on your part and snap, it shuts. Are you sure you mean English - not White? Am I dangerous? You are the most dangerous man in Mirat. Everybody knoWs. One risks everything just talking to you. But I meant English, not White. If We'd been subjugated by the Russians I'd have said Russian. It is the position of the English as rulers that makes them dangerous. The trouble is... I can't exactly put my finger on it... The trouble is, I don't think Sarah quite believes in it - us and India, and What We're here for. She questions everything and, of course, men don't like that. Well, you knoW it's true. Have you kept your promise to your father and Written to him in prison? - No. - Why not? The same reason as alWays. There isn't anything to say. It Would be read by somebody else before it reaches him. It's very off-putting. He's used to the idea I'm a disappointing sort of son. - Unlike your brother? - Possibly. It's because you're too fond of him that you don't Write to him. You shouldn't be afraid of your emotions. It's un-lndian. All this Western sophistication, plus the cult of nonviolence, is utterly unnatural to you young men. The result is emasculation. What am I to do - raise an army to release the prisoners? You could do Worse. The English Would respect you for it. Can you stay to dinner? No. I had a sudden invitation from Professor Nair. - What's he up to? - Nothing he tells me about. Perhaps you don't listen hard enough. NaWab Sahib expects to be kept informed. Is NaWab Sahib going to the reception? He Will if I say so... and I think I shall say so. What are the arrangements for tomorroW? They are going shopping. But before breakfast Miss Layton Wants to ride. - Which Miss Layton? - The inquisitive one, Miss Sarah. - I'm expected to ride With her, I think. - You should tell that to Professor Nair. Why? He Will be able to advise you more satisfactorily than I hoW to deport yourself, out of the vast fund of his experience. One more thing. Try to find out about his visitor. - Has he got a visitor, then? - Yes. TWo. One, a Woman, not identified. The other, an elderly scholar by name of Pandit Baba Sahib. He comes from Mayapore and is not unknoWn to us in Mirat. Have you had enough Whisky to see you through an evening of fruit juice? He is Writing on the Bhagavad Gita. Please, don't shake hands or sit Where your shadoW falls on him. It's all rather nerve-racking. - I came out to relax. - Can I keep my socks on? By all means. The floor gets so dirty. Come. Meet Panditji. Like me, he's a great admirer of your father. This is our young visitor, son of our illustrious MAK and social secretary to the NaWab Sahib. Most people say I resemble my mother. Why ansWer in a foreign language? Because I speak Hindi rather badly. Are you ashamed to speak the language of your father's jailers? - No, I'm not ashamed. - (Whispers in Hindi) I do not knoW your father in person, only I am admiring him from a distance. It is a face, after all, much knoWn in neWspapers. Is this your first visit to Mirat, Panditji? No, Panditji at one time lived at Mirat, but has been living in Mayapore. Yes, I see. Then you Were in Mayapore during the riots? - What riots are they? - The riots in August last year. Since you are knoWing English better than I, perhaps you Will correct me, but a riot, according to English dictionary, refers to violent, unlawful actions. I remember only spontaneous demonstrations of laW-abiding people to protest against unlawful imprisonment of men Without trial. When you speak of riots you speak as the English. You must speak like an Indian and think like an Indian. You Were in Mayapore, perhaps you kneW that English girl - Miss Manners. You have personal interest in this matter? No, but When one mentions Mayapore you automatically think of Miss Manners and the rape. It is not established there Was rape, only there Were arrests. The Whole affair Was invented? I am saying that the rape of Miss Manners is not legally established. No case Was brought to court. The men Were imprisoned for political offences under Defence of India rules. - Did you knoW any of the men? - Yes, boys of some education. Did you knoW the one Who Was friendly With Miss Manners? - You are speaking of Hari Kumar? - I think that Was his name. On his return from England, his aunt asked for my help in teaching him Hindi. He also spoke properly only English. You're sure he Was Wrongly arrested? You are not listening to What I am telling you. No charge Was made against these boys. Simply, they Were tortured and defiled to get them to confess. They Were Whipped and forced to eat beef. You are Muslim, I'm sorry, but they Were Hindus. The district superintendent Was interested only in punishing these boys, especially Kumar because of his association With the White girl. The district superintendent Was an evil man, Mr Kasim. His cruelty and perversion Were knoWn by his men, Which is hoW We knoW of them. It Was one of his oWn Muslim constables Who Whispered the truth because he Was ashamed. And are they still in prison? All are in prison, but not, I think, together. Kumar alone is in the jail in Rampur. NoW his aunt is permitted to Write and send books and food. I knoW this because I am in her confidence. She Was fond of her "English nepheW", as she called him. - You say nothing, my friend! - But I Was listening With interest. It is a case your father Would eagerly have taken charge of When practising the laW. But it is not only in the courts that justice is done. You look hungry, Mr Kasim. Let me not be keeping you and Professor Nair from your supper. I shall retire before you finish, so you must alloW me to say goodnight. - Goodnight, Panditji. - Goodnight. Thank goodness! We must eat at once. A remarkable man but one's routines get so disrupted. Do you mind vegetarian? It's the smell. - One has to think of everything. - Not at all. - I Wanted to ask you something. - What's that? I'm going riding tomorroW With a young English girl. Count BronoWsky said I should consult you about my deportment. My dear felloW, that's quite simple. One stays behind, a feW paces Will be sufficient. One stays behind! Mr Kasim, I've never once heard the muezzin since I've been in Mirat and yet there are all those minarets. Why is it? The Wind's been in the Wrong direction, I expect. - They do call, then? - Oh, yes, they call. Five times a day? Five times a day, yes. Will the 'eid al-fitr prayers be said in the mosque or outside? Outside. Why? I read someWhere they're held in the open air. Why is that preferred? Because of the croWds, I expect. The idea is Wholly practical. But I'm no kind of authority. Perhaps the imam at the mosque Would have a different explanation. Do you think We dare gallop? - If you'd like to. - Where to? That ridge? - There's a nullah betWeen. - I don't mind nullahs. I enjoyed that. Is Count BronoWsky really a count? Yes, I think so. I suppose it's time We Went back. Yes. Mr Kasim, do you come this Way When you ride alone? Not very often. I'm sorry, I didn't hear you. Sometimes. - You mean she just sneaked off? - Fenny, What is Wrong With you? My daughters don't sneak off. They go. They don't have to ask permission. You're becoming impossible to talk to sensibly. You knoW it's unWise for Sarah to ride alone With an Indian of that kind. - What is Mr Kasim's kind, Aunt Fenny? - I'm sorry. I didn't knoW you Were there. I Was saying I thought it unWise for you to ride alone With Mr Kasim. Yes, I agree. It Was unWise. We shan't go riding again. - What happened? - Nothing happened. I meant it Was unWise because it made us both self-conscious. It Wasn't till We set out I realised it Was the first time I'd been alone With an Indian Who Wasn't a servant. He only spoke When spoken to, kept the same number of paces behind from start to finish. He's a nice enough young man and I understand his brother's an officer but these days, one really can't tell What these young Indians are up to, let alone thinking. Perhaps they find the same difficulty With us. Yes, perhaps they do. But We have other responsibilities. To establish a relationship With Indians, you can only afford to be yourself and let them like it or lump it. 'The King honoured the 4th Indian Division 'When he inspected, in the inner quadrangle of Buckingham Palace, 'the contingent visiting this country. 'Colonel Scott, Who commands these splendid Indian Warriors, 'presents them to Their Majesties. 'Talking to them, the King and Queen heard again about the exploits 'Which Won the division glory in Libya and Tunisia. 'Subadar Lalbahadur Thapa, Who received the VC ribbon from the King 'during His Majesty's visit to North Africa, noW receives the cross.' - What the hell Was that?! - Are you all right? - Sahib, it is a bomb. - Did you see Who threW this stone? I saW no-one, sahib. There Was a man on a cycle in front of the car. - I'm sorry, sahib. This is not auspicious. - You're damned right it isn't! Is there any blood on my uniform? - That Will sponge out. Let's see that cut. - Ouch! It may need a stitch. - There isn't time! - You can't get married bleeding! Don't sit on a splinter or you'll really be in trouble. When We reach the church, I'll find the chaplain, use the phone to get a doctor. Drive quickly to the church! The bloody bastard, Whoever it Was! Bugger him and bugger the NaWab and bugger his bloody limousine! - Why? - Well, it's obvious, isn't it? Crest on the door as big as your arse. Bloody invitation to some bolshie to heave a rock through the WindoW. Has a substitute car been sent? It Was offered but declined, NaWab Sahib. Captain Merrick insists the damaged car is perfectly serviceable. Has the chief of police been informed? Ahmed has telephoned him, Your Highness. Will he think to contact the military police or Will he rush about the city making absurd arrests? Who is this Captain Merrick? The best man, sahib. The name seems slightly familiar. Some other context, perhaps. The ceremony and the reception have been postponed for half an hour. (Sighing) A stone, you say. Please sit. I'm afraid I do not understand this incident of the stone, Dimitri. No - it is a puzzle. It is ten years since a stone Was throWn. Do We understand correctly that the culprit Wasn't apprehended? That seems to be correct, NaWab Sahib. Then it is unlikely he Will be caught. Oh, very unlikely. One man isn't usually responsible for such an incident. Several decide, one acts. What is important is Why the stone Was throWn. Or to put that another Way, sahib, at What? - Or Whom? - Very Well. At Whom, then? Well, as Your Highness says, it's ten years since a stone Was throWn. A Muslim subject Would not throW one during Ramadan. Your Highness's Hindu subjects are content. Ergo, the stone Was throWn not at the car, Which bore your crest, but at the occupants - or one of them. Who Were? Captain Merrick and Captain Bingham. British officers. Due to leave Mirat next Week for special training - prior to active service in the field. - And our guests. Beg pardon, sahib. Captain Bingham is not a guest. He's the groom. But that is Worse! It is a great mischief. They have given me a beautiful gift - the poems of my kinsman Gaffur. And We reply With a stone? What am I to say When I meet them? That they have Mirat's hospitality but not Mirat's protection. (Sighing) I shall Want a full report. Mmm. It Will be as full as possible. Your Highness can only express your regret. Your Highness might add that you are astonished and pained that such a thing should happen. Even last August there Were no anti-British demonstrations here. The police have been active in smelling out agitators and sending them back Where they came from. The incident of the stone this morning is therefore a mystery. If you're ready, sahib, I think We should go. In the circumstances, it might be a proper gesture to be at the reception early rather than late. Very Well. Hello, Mrs Bingham. - I Wanted to say it first. - I couldn't stop shaking. Oh, darling Mummy, did it shoW? I felt everybody could see. No. Ooooh. I Was crying. Bless the bride. Still it sounds funny - Susan Bingham. Oh, you'll get used to it. Anyway, you'd better. Come and sign up. Just right, Your Highness. They Will observe that I do not Waste my riches on my clothes. But they may think that you are the NaWab. Oh, no, sahib. They Will see that I am but BronoWsky. A Wasir must dress to do honour to the state, but you are the state. I'm sorry, sir. I must ask you to Wait. His Highness the NaWab cannot be kept Waiting. Special security, sir. There's been an ugly incident. Yes, We knoW. Tedious. But Your Highness may consider this serves some purpose. The disrespect, Your Highness, perhaps Will cancel out the incident of the stone. Yes, that's true. And I have remembered something on the Way here in the car - the name Merrick... and What it means to me. - I've been here for four Weeks. - Oh, yes? Miss Layton, have you seen your mother and uncle? Mother Was here a feW minutes ago. They'd better be found. One of the MPs brought me this. He's stopped the NaWab from entering. - Stopped him? Why? - I suppose because he's Indian. I have to put it right. If your mother and uncle could be found, I'd be grateful. I can probably find Major Grace, if you find your mother. I'll keep him happy in the anteroom. We're delighted With Wavell's appointment as Viceroy, though Tom says that With Dickie Mountbatten running things... Mother... Sorry, Mrs Hobhouse. The NaWab's arrived. Oh, my dears. He's an old dear but terribly hard going. I hope they think the red carpet's for him. I'm afraid he Won't. He's been refused entry. - Refused entry? I don't understand. - My dear, Whatever do you mean? The MPs stopped him coming in. Captain Merrick's finding Uncle Arthur. The secretary Wants us in the anteroom. But he can't have been refused entry. Surely they Were Warned? NoW, hold on. This is our job. You stay With Sarah. My husband and I Will bring him out to you. If it really has happened, it's club or station business and not yours. You stay here on the laWn. Susan and Teddie are here. We'll smooth his feathers doWn and bring him out to you. I think Mrs Hobhouse is right, Mother. Come on. What happens noW? It's one of the most jinx-ridden affairs I can remember. Where's Fenny? Half that gang are ordinary club members just muscling in. I Warned the contractor Wallah he's not getting a penny over the quotation. - I say, cheer up, Mildred. - What? You look half asleep. I'd better Warn Susan and Teddie. Aren't We going to the anteroom? Mrs Hobhouse thought it better if she brought the NaWab out. Good idea. I say, isn't that him noW? Must be. Extraordinary. Looks like some doWntrodden munshie. Ah. That's Count BronoWsky With the eye patch. He's supposed to have been bloWn up by a bomb in St Petersburg. But unkind people say he lost that eye peeping through keyholes. - Mrs Layton, His Highness NaWab... - (Guests become silent) Sir Ahmed Ali Gaffur Kasim Bahadur. HoW do you do? I'm so glad you Were able to come. Mrs Layton Wishes me to tell you hoW deeply she appreciates the arrangements for herself and her family at the guesthouse. Yes. Indeed. Your Highness, may I introduce you... to the bride and groom? My younger daughter, Susan, noW Mrs Bingham. Thank you for coming to my Wedding. - EdWard Bingham. - HoW do you do, sir? Your Highness, if I might present Major Grace... He Was very pleased With the book. Oh, yes - Gaffur. I'm glad. It Was a bit of luck. - What Was a bit of luck? - The poems of Gafur. Just something We bought for the NaWab. Someone in Kashmir told us Gafur Was a kinsman of his. We Wouldn't have knoWn otherwise. What did Gafur Write about - roses and moonlit gardens, jugs of Wine? That's Omar Khayyam. No, it's just Persian. I mean, they all Wrote like that. Roses and deserts and moonlit gardens fit the bill, from What I remember. - Did you have to learn him? - 'Read' Would be more accurate. I never learned anything my teachers thought important. I understand. I never saW the importance of anything I Was taught. I'd alWays ask Why the cat sat on the mat. My teachers said I shouldn't exhaust my curiosity on the self-evident. You're in the right place. In India, nothing is self-evident. Actually, that's something I feel bound to disagree With. I'd say things that are self-evident are common to all countries. - What's been going on? - Nothing's been going on, Aunt Fenny. - The NaWab's arrived. - Well, I knoW that! People are saying he had difficulty getting in. What a chapter of accident. I've been putting out Susan's going-aWay things. - I can't find the hatbox. - Maybe it's in the car. I'm sure Captain Merrick Won't mind. The hatbox is in the car Sarah and I came in. I knoW Where it's parked. I'll check. Shall I bring you the box or take it to the annexe? Well, Whatever you think, so long as it's found. God knoWs What they'll do if it's lost or stolen. Not a servant in sight in the annexe. Anyone could've Walked in. NoW, I must meet the NaWab. - Count BronoWsky? - Mmm? May I introduce my sister, Mrs Grace? My dear Mrs Grace, delighted to meet you. There you are, Captain Merrick. Performing another of the onerous duties of best man? It's just a hatbox. You're a man for detail, I can see, like me. Was it confetti? - You are married? - No. Neither am I. They say it's significant. Tidy people are alWays trying to Wipe the slate clean. I am sorry about the incident this morning. You Were not hurt yourself? No - apart from the scratch on Captain Bingham's face, the only damage Was to the NaWab's car. Is there something you Want, Count BronoWsky? Yes, the ansWer to a question. But the question is impertinent. I hesitate. Please don't. Well, I have been Wondering if you thought, perhaps, that the stone Was throWn at you. Why should you Wonder that? Mrs Grace tells me you Were in the Indian police. That's quite true. I'll shoulder the blame if it helps you explain the damage to the car. My dear Captain Merrick, you totally misunderstand the reason for my Waylaying you like this. I realised it Wasn't a chance meeting. Quite so. I came to look for you. Er, surely... you are the Merrick Who Was district superintendent of police in Mayapore last August at the time of the riots and the rape of the English girl, Daphne Manners. HoW do you arrive at that conclusion? I deduce it. My deduction is correct? You are that officer? - I see no reason to deny it. - Good. You see, my conversation With Mrs Grace led to a small gaffe on my part. She mentioned that you had been DSP in Sundarnagar, the district to Which you Were transferred after the Mayapore affair, hmm? I Was surprised. I said, "But Wasn't he DSP in Mayapore at the time of the riots and the rape?" I'm afraid she Was intrigued. I thought it only fair to have a Word With you before you returned. It's a bit of a nuisance. Can't be helped. The notion came to me so very recently - on the Way here in the car. I remembered the report I had from Mr Kasim on Thursday morning and suddenly it rang a bell. Tell me, does the name Pandit Baba mean anything to you? As a matter of fact, it does. Please tell me What. He's a so-called venerable Hindu scholar Who incites his young disciples to acts of violence - against Muslims, against us, against anybody that Pandit disapproves of - and never gets caught himself - I couldn't lay a finger on him. Then you'll be interested to knoW that Pandit Baba is in Mirat. And you believe he Was behind the incident this morning? Oh, I think so, don't you? Though We shan't be able to prove it. But he is in touch, my spies believe, With very many people throughout India. Aren't you exaggerating? Am I? Was the stone this morning the first evidence you've had that you've been carefully tracked doWn since leaving Mayapore? To Sundarnagar, perhaps. Even Mirat. It may be as you say. Doesn't bother me. This is their last opportunity. They can hardly folloW Where I'm going. Unless some sepoy has been bribed to put a bullet through my head. I don't think killing you is the idea. As you say, Mirat is their last opportunity. The Wedding ceremony Would have proved, er, an excellent background for something colourful but they have given us only a stone. Tell me, did it pass through your mind that acting as best man might bring your persecutors out into the open? No. It Was the other Way round. I agreed to be best man and then realised I Was probably the Worst possible choice. All this is something I'd prefer to forget. I'm sorry you've identified me. Oh, my dear felloW, Why? If I correctly judged Mrs Grace's reactions to my unintentional disclosure, you are noW an object not only of interest but of admiring curiosity. - Huh. - We must go back. - I shall have to. - I'm sorry I kept you. If you're ever in Mirat again, please let me knoW. We might have a longer chat. - Of course. - Ah. We may find much in common. Would you, for example, describe that young man over there as beautiful? Yes, I think I... Mmm? Well, it doesn't matter. Come. Let's go in. He Was in love With her. A Woman from Mayapore told me it Was Well knoWn. Must have been awful When she became infatuated With that Indian boy. This Woman said he looked positively ill When Miss Manners Was assaulted. He can't have liked Count BronoWsky remembering it. Did you see his face afterwards? Stop it, Aunt Fenny! Stop it! I'm trying, trying to pretend that this is a nice day! I'm trying to remember I'm being married to Teddie! - Dear child... - We've got 15 minutes, Mummy! What have I done? Nothing, Fenny. It's What you Were saying, not doing. Hardly a suitable subject in the circumstances, Was it? Oh, dear, yes, I do see. Oh, poor pet. What are you looking for, Sarah? - A button came off. - I'll find it. Milly, you pack the dress. Let Sarah get on With her oWn changing. He must have been nearly out of his mind When those men got aWay With it. I told Count BronoWsky you'd been moored next to that Woman's houseboat and heard that revolting baby crying, just like a slum. Aunt Fenny, I just don't understand you. Here it is. Put it in your handbag. What do you mean, Sarah? You're still talking about that Manners business. - But Susan can't hear. - That's not What I mean. You're quite prepared to gloat over all the details, every last juicy bit. I Was in that slum, as you call it. I spent a Whole hour talking to that extraordinary Woman. I even looked at that "revolting" child. Of course it Wasn't a slum and the baby Wasn't revolting, though I'd agree about Lady Manners. She isn't ordinary. (Aunt Fenny) You Went to see her?! - What for? - To apologise for us. Perhaps the rest Was just curiosity, like yours, Aunt Fenny. Did you knoW about this, Milly? Yes, I kneW. Sarah told me afterwards. - And did you approve? - Does it matter noW? May We just concentrate on getting Susan safely on the train? Well, you astonish me, really you do. Apologise for us! My dear child, sometimes you Worry me. - You Worry us all very much! - Yes, I knoW. I Worry me, too. Shall I put Susan's veil in my case? There'll be more room. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 