Frontier: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Frontier 
 s2e4 - Mutiny - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Frontier (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - Mutiny - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
  PREVIOUSLY ON FRONTIER: Harp! You... you're alive! Here's what you came for: the rescindment of Harp's bounty. They'll be sent to Moose Fort and relayed beyond. - One night, 10,000 pelts. - We're gonna rob Fort James. You don't start a war to kill one man. What you call war they call business. The season's haul will be in one place: the Company storehouse. Tucked behind the storehouse is this root cellar. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If we had a bunch of canoes at the river and men who can guide it upriver at night, then it could actually work. - I know someone. - My name is Wahush. How do you know him? Wahush and I were promised to each other. - He was your fiancé? - You could call it that. Your father gone so many years, it's time we declare him dead, and I claim the ale for firewood. I'll wager that Samuel Grant is behind this. [HARP]: All we need is a buyer in Montreal. I'll take care of that. It's settled. Coin for blood is Benton's way. We can fight them without becoming them, Sokanon. [BACKGROUND CHATTER] 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 How do you sleep at night? Eh? That's a ridiculous price for a scrap of leather pastry and a bit of cat meat. Here, you greedy bastard. There he is. Harp? What brings you here? I've been scouring Montreal for you. What for? I need a quick buyer for a large number of beaver pelts. And you want to do a deal with the Low River Company? I did. Until I heard you pissed it all away, Malcolm. Is that what you heard? I also heard your brother married the widow Carruthers. Can you get me a meeting with her? Do you know this woman, Harp? Only by reputation. I have to warn you that words with her is like... puttin' your face against a rolling grindstone. It's her business, not her conversation, I'm interested in. A finder's fee for setting it up, and I'll see what I can do. Agreed. [WOMEN GIGGLING] [INDISTINCT CHATTER] [KNOCKING ON DOOR] Mr. Brown. I'm afraid my husband's not here right now. Well, that's okay, because I'm here to introduce the head of the Black Wolf Company: Declan Harp. Mr. Harp... What can I do for you? I'd like to discuss a business arrangement. Shall I arrange a meeting with my husband? I prefer to speak to the person actually in charge. Unfortunately, Mr. Harp, anyone who deals with Mr. Brown I'm inclined to consider untrustworthy. Yeah, I respect that. But what I came to talk about involves only you and me. Now, wait just a fucking minute here... Malcolm. Please leave us. The infamous Declan Harp. I've heard about Elizabeth Carruthers. Rumoured to be the brains behind her husband's company. Oh, flattery? Obviously not used to dealing with a woman who actually is intelligent. [CHUCKLING] I'll hear your offer. But not here. Over dinner. See you at my house at six. I need a tailor. You need a plaid suit, big man. - What's all this about? - We're doing to dinner. Here, here, here, a good suit is a suit that you can play chess on. I'm telling ya, you listen to Daddy. [DRAMATIC MUSIC] [THEME MUSIC] Synced and corrected by louvette www.addic7ed.com [INDISTINCT CHATTER] There's lots of people, very little cover. There's the root cellar. Tunnelling won't be so hard, but we have to get through the foundation of the storehouse. That's why we need Jack. Right. And then, we can start getting rich. And you can start wearing your top hat. Maybe. We need to get supplies. Let's go to the alehouse first, see Grace Emberly. She can help us with the tools we'll need to start digging. [MAN GRUNTING AND LAUGHING] [PANTING] Was that rough for you? I earned my shillings. You gonna pay up? [COINS CLINKING] Why can't I have that little Blondie who tends the ale? Was I not good enough? I want her as well. She's a delicate flower, she can't handle such things. If it's variety you're after, Mr. Carter will be sending some new girls soon. Have patience. Has that prick Carter brought more women yet? He hasn't. When Emberly returns from Montreal, she'll put a stop to all this. We need to see Emberly. Oh, she's off to Montreal, to save Mary's virtue. The ale house is temporarily out of her hands. Chesterfield's running a tight ship as Governor. I don't like your chances if he finds you in here. Why so dour? Each of you promised a room of your own and all the work you can handle. You've struck gold, my dear. Those girls were taken unwillingly. I can't stand here and watch this happen. We'll fix it, but we need to be ready for when Harp arrives. We'll worry about that, and then we get those girls out of here. [WHIPPING AND SCREAMING] Listen to 'em! They'll kill him. Oh, you'd be surprised what a man can endure before giving up the ghost. He didn't ask to be on this ship. I dragged him from where he slept and he woke with no land in sight. Ah, press-ganged. He's not the only unwilling seaman on board I've spoken to. [GRUNTING] You alright, Mr. Darraugh? They're going to hang him in London. They're not going to hang anyone in London. Because we are not going to London. You have a way off the ship? I believe I can rely on some of the men. And I've made some other friends! [CRACKING AND SQUEAKING] - [GASPING] - Look. [CHAULK GAGGING] Now it's up to you, young Chaulk, or Darraugh and I end up like them. Well, Mr. Harp, I'm very glad you can see through Malcolm's slanderous remarks about my business manner. Uh... Elizabeth is a fine businesswoman. I'm not sure why Malcolm would have said otherwise. Tell me about this offer. The Black Wolf Company has come into a lot of HBC quality furs. HBC quality furs or... ...HBC furs? - We're looking for buyers. - Legally gotten gains? We're all operating outside the law, yourselves included. Look where we're sat. Kids' table. Here, how come you're in here and your brother's out there when his feet barely touch the floor? That woman, the dark-skinned one, is she a servant? She's one of them. Pretty high on herself, I might add. How'd she do that? How the fuck should I know? And me, an idiot in all my new garments. Oh, as suits go, it's not so bad... Stirring something in my loins, to be frank. - Is that right? - Yeah. [SPITTING] Where do you think dead man Carruthers kept his whisky? I'll scout it out. I'm here to establish a business relationship with you. If we unite, we can weaken the HBC's stronghold. Why me, Mr. Harp? Have you been to see Mr. Grant since you arrived in town? Lucky for him, I have not. Josephette, Douglas, could you give us a moment? And I says this fork is going right up your arse, you hairy wee bastard. [LAUGHING] Now, I understood that Declan Harp didn't hunt beavers, he hunted men. If my blade finds your throat, you've done something to bring it. The word is it's avenging your wife's death that topples your rational thinking. My family was... ...brutally murdered by a man that I once saw as a father. I will avenge them, yes. But it is not just about them. It's about all of the families that live in the shadow of the HBC. You're not what I expected. If you give me the opportunity to show you more, you won't regret it. I don't like trouble. Sometimes you gotta take the rough with the smooth. But I have not come this far only to lose sight of my path. I'll buy your furs. [HARP SIGHING] There are not many men that have the courage to shake my hand as an equal. I look forward to a long partnership, Mr. Harp. - [LAUGHTER] - [INDISTINCT CHATTER] - Let's get moving. - [GLASS CLINKING] Let's get a closer look at the root cellar. [BACKGROUND CHATTER] That's the back of the storehouse there. It's about fifteen feet. What do you think? Yes. I'm going to check out inside. Keep watch. I have something I want to do. What? You go. I'll be back. [TENSE MUSIC] [IN CREE] _ I have to go make up the beds. Do you know what you're making the bed for? You're going to get me in trouble. - Come with me. - No. - No! Ah! - Shhh. Oy!! What's all this caterwauling?! Get inside, girl. [HISSING] Go on. Let's take the linens upstairs. You do the service around here. Mr. Monaghan here is willing to pay good money for unmolested flesh. That I am. Have you got, uh... a yard of cord handy? I'll have some sent up. Good man. No one said anything about cord or... Or nothing. Now you get that tray of ale out there to them patrons or you'll be on your back yourself. [DOOR CLOSING] Take off your petticoats, love. I have to spread out new linens. I think you mistake me for a far more fastidious man. [GROANING] It's been too long since I've had the old maypole wet. - They told me I have to... - No! I tell you what to do now. - [GROANING] - Now, come on. Come on! Don't fight me! Don't fight... Ah! [SMACKING AND SCREAMING] If you fight me, I will kill you. Let's have a look now. Oh, yes. Huh. That's it, isn't it? [GRUNTING] Aaah! [SCREAMING] Will... two cats... be the end of Monaghan? - Not bloody... - [MARY SCREAMING] [PANTING] [LAUGHING HYSTERICALLY] At least someone in this bleak shithole is feeling a bit of joy. Look, we're at a loss without Emberly, I know, but is Quartermaster Carter really the one to put in charge? - And why not? - He's purchased Native girls, and there's concern being expressed. You rely on their community for trade; this will be bad for business. It's not a situation that needs to get any more volatile... I can find you willing women who crave independence from marriage. Ones with skills... that'll make men weep. You've got a clear head for this stuff. More than Grace Emberly ever did. You're a man at heart, Grace Emberly. You hire sensational tracker Jean-Marc Rivard to take you to Montreal so you can return with your father and take what's yours. Me, I cannot wait to put a face to this man: the father who raised such a woman. He's dead. He sent for me two years ago, asking me to visit him on his death bed. When I didn't arrive, he sent a letter with an address where I could pick up his things. Why are you telling me this now? Because you're going to help me prove to Chesterfield that he's alive and well. Rivard... ...if my father were dead, I'll lose the ale. So he's not. Understand? Do we, uh... have to be out in public like this? All Michael's digging won't mean a damn. - We need gunpowder, Charlie. - This is not Virginia, Charlie. Ah, white folks are white folks. No offense. None taken. I'm Scottish. Listen, come here, listen. Anyone looks at you sideways, you just say that you're a Black Loyalist - granted freedom for service to the Crown. - [HARP GRUNTING] Voilà! - Hey! - Oh! - Hey. - [GRUNTING] - Just leave. - [GRUNTING AND SHOUTING] Get down! [MAN SHOUTING IN FRENCH] [CLAPPING] Come on! - [MAN SHOUTING IN FRENCH] - [OTHERS SHOUTING] Come on! Alright, boys, if we make it to the river, we're going to be good. We still haven't got the gunpowder. - I'll go back to the market. - You? Fuck off! You're wanted, and you've only got one good eye. - Well, then, who's gonna do it? - I'll go. I'm supposed to be a Black Loyalist, remember? Good as royalty. Good luck. Charlie. Keep your wits. [DOUGLAS PANTING] No need for that, sir. I'm a... Black Loyalist. I fought for the Crown in the American War. Oh, I fought in that war myself. Not for the Crown. Gentlemen. Come help me with the sheets. They'll kill us for this. He was a bad man. It won't matter. [KNOCKING ON DOOR] [WOMAN]: If the gentlemen's done, he goes. [WHISPERING]: Your face! [KNOCKING] - Sit. - [KNOCKING] - [KNOCKING CONTINUES] - Thank you. What are you doing in there? Just helping her get cleaned up. Oh, so she was a virgin. I suppose there was a bit of blood spilled. You could say that. [SIGHING] - [MAN SHOUTING] - [BACKGROUND CHATTER] - Tea, sir? - Ah. Nothing in the world like a good, strong cup of tea. What have you put in this? The tea is fresh from the tin, sir. From which barrel did you draw the water? - [STUTTERING] - Show me! [TENSE MUSIC] Remove the top. There's something in there. [WATER SPLASHING] How did this happen?! Ah, they must've chewed through the bottom of the barrel, Captain. The bottom? The bottom of a barrel of water? Think, boy. I'll have the men throw the barrels overboard. We'll collect rainwater. Rain enough for forty men to cross the Atlantic, sir? You'd be the first captain to pray for nasty weather. We sighted land yesterday. It's not too late to put ashore. Tack sail and full about! We're turning round! Well done, Chaulk. We may yet see our freedom. You know, a lad such as you may enjoy life in the New World, where you can really be yourself. As long as Darraugh comes, too. Yes, of course. Now, Mr. Chaulk, we shall need supplies: food, blankets... ...weapons. Can I help you? My name is Grace Emberly. I'm the daughter of Major Edward Emberly. I'm sorry, he's not with us any longer. I received word I could retrieve his personal effects from this address. He left us with an unpaid bill, sadly. I don't mind paying his bill, if you would be so kind as to bring me his things. You didn't tell me he was a major. He fought the French. Too bad for us. [BACKGROUND CHATTER] This is my father's seal. It will authenticate the letter. Sir? But Miss Emberly, his medals and citations, they are worth something. Not to me. Drink? Where's Charlie? I'd have been faster if I was using my cock for a second leg. [AT A DISTANCE]: Mr. Harp? Are we playing hide-and-seek? I'd like you to come out quietly, or your Negro goes back to his owners. Harp, let's just bolt. I'm not leaving him. Just stay out of sight. Whoa, whoa, what you doing? Something stupid. Keep you out of it. Just use your head. Use my... Have you fucking met me? Found you. Charlie. Not so free after all. - Set him free. - [CHARLIE GROANING] Only a fool would come here with a bounty on his head. Only a fool would come to collect it. Hmm. [WHISPERING]: I like you a lot, Mr. Harp. Shall we? Down the stairs, straight out the back. - We have to walk past them?! - An armload of linens, and those drunken idiots won't notice a thing. We're clear. Are you ready? Yes. [LIGHTLY GROANING] [BACKGROUND CHATTER] There you are. What are you doing? Waiting for you. The cellar will be perfect. Good. Harp will be pleased. Did you do this? Can you help me? [BACKGROUND CHATTER] [WOMAN SHOUTING] [WOMAN SHOUTING IN FRENCH] [GROANING] [CLICKING] Declan Harp! You are hereby charged with the crimes of murder, thievery and sedition against the Crown. As the details of this document states, a reward of 200 pounds has been offered by the Crown on behalf of King George III and all his loyal subjects... Nice coat. Seems every time we meet, you're on your way to the gallows. One of these times, I won't be. I'd love to watch, but sadly, you're to sit trial in Fort James. Yes. It's very specific. I've asked for my man Pond to escort you. He's very dependable. Does as he's asked. In fact... ...if you would tell me what you're planning with Elizabeth Carruthers, I may tell him to loose your binds along the way. And then, you may slip free of the hangman once again. I just came to sell her furs. [CHUCKLING] How does a man on the run trap enough furs to satisfy that woman's needs? I'm like the Pied Piper. I make the beavers come to me. Whatever you promised her, you give to me. And you go free. You're blocking my view. Then I leave you to the law. "I was granted exclusive licence for this tavern for my war heroism "when you, Chesterfield, were still suckling your mother's..." No, no, that's not how a woman should speak. Rivard, I'm writing as my father. Ah. "If you do not return the ale house to my daughter's care immediately, I will take the matter up in London "and see to it that you are..." - Disemboweled? - Well, that's too much. Barely. Hung? "... tried for theft, fraud and... according to reports that have reached Montreal recently, "treason shall be added to the list of your crimes." Oh, dear, is that wise? Why didn't you take your father's things to remember him by? I have a lot to thank my father for. He made me the woman I am today. He didn't achieve that by doing anything I'd like to remember. I'll go to the market. We need supplies for the journey back. [YELLING] [YELLING CONTINUES] [MAN SHOUTING IN FRENCH] [SHOUTING AND BOOING] Come here, you! You betrayed us, you big bastard. You speak as though I had a choice. Declan Harp set you free. Harp indeed set into motion events which have led us here, and were I able to make things different, I would. [YELLING CONTINUES] Tragic. That really was a fine coat. I think it's time we got you dressed. [CROWD SHOUTING] It's about time they strung up that maniac, don't you think? Nice coat. [MAN]: Alright! Alright, alright, enough! You've had your fun. How much for this one? Now, this man is wanted in Fort James. The Court will pay for any man that volunteers to take him. Hear that, boys? Any takers? Me! - [WOMAN GASPING] - [INDISTINCT CHATTER] I will take him to his fate. You propose to take this man to Fort James? I take good care. But you are just one man. He's not a man. He's a dog. Ah, merde. You must be joking. A thief-taker. Very handy... I'll do the honours. [WHISPERING]: Get ready to run. That's your plan? Run fast. [SOFT, DRAMATIC MUSIC] Miss Emberly! Do you solemnly swear to deliver the criminal Declan Harp to Fort James? Most of him. - Stop! - Grace. Declan. There's no bounty. Not anymore! I have the paper to prove it! "I, Governor Chesterfield of Fort James, do hereby dismiss all charges "and rescind the price offered for Declan Harp forthwith." This is the Governor's seal. The bounty is rescinded. Unbind him. Let's get out of here. [WOMAN SPEAKING FRENCH] [PANTING AND GROANING] [MAN]: I think you're right about the women. No one's died since I took over as Governor. That's 'cause you're a really good governor. - Yeah, I run a tight ship. - Yeah, really tight. A governor doesn't need trouble with unwilling girls... when there are beautiful, willing women. Very willing, Governor. What did you call me? Governor. - [GROANING] - Say it again. Governor. - Governor... - Yeah... Governor, Governor! [MOANING] [PANTING] You run the girls. Don't mess it up. I won't. Thank you, sir. Not to offend, but you lag behind. Fort James's governor can't be seen with a whore on his arm. [TENSE MUSIC] [BREATHING HEAVILY] - You need to come with me. - Let go... If they discover you had anything to do with this, they will kill you. She needs to be returned to her people. Sokanon, we can't leave. I promise I'll help you, both of you, after we're done in Fort James. I'm not going. Mary, tell her. I'm not going. You're not safe with me. Sokanon will protect you. Go with her. Please. What about Harp? Tell him why I've gone. I hope you understand. Yes? I'm wondering what your plans are for me. What is your impression of Declan Harp? Harp is the reason I'm not with Michael Smyth. So you owe him for that, I suppose. I've heard they have a fortune in furs. I don't suppose your friend Michael has become an expert fur trapper, has he? Michael is an expert thief. If he's involved, I'd guess the furs are stolen. That is interesting. Beautiful and useful. That is why I want you to stay here with us. And never go back to London? They say one cannot go home. It's an old expression. When I was very young... ...in Kentucky, which is where I grew up, my father died. [GLASS CLINKING] My mother... she raised us alone. She was full of anxieties and paranoias. And there was no one left... ...to raise my infant brother but me. And then one morning - I was six... ...I was unable to keep him quiet. So my mother dashed his brains out with a rock and they strung her up on the gibbet. So when I go home to Kentucky, do you think they see the man I am today? But Montreal suits me. And it suits you, too. [ORCHESTRAL MUSIC] [GLASS CLINKING] I thought I wouldn't see you again. I never thought that. Didn't think to stop by Fort James? Put an end to my fretting? I was a wanted man, Gracie. Well, you're not anymore. No, I am not. What are you doing in Montreal? Trying to keep a hand on my ale house. Governor Chesterfield is making it difficult. Yet he lifted the bounty. Aye. How did you do that? Who says I did? Who else would care to? He said he'd rescind the order for your arrest if I married him. You married Chesterfield... for me? The woods were mobilized with every killer from Virginia to Fort Labrador, all feverish for your head. You can't take on my life like that. I couldn't let you die. - [HARP SIGHING] - For God's sake, man, you could say thank you. You'd be dead otherwise. I'd rather be dead than have you take on my life like this. I'll not stay married to him for long. I'll figure it out. Look, Declan, it was my decision. It was the only way to keep you safe. I'm not safe. I'm not a safe place for you. If you keep telling me that, I'm going to have to believe you. Goodbye, Declan. Synced and corrected by louvette www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 