Frontier: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Frontier 
 s2e1 - Episode #2.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Frontier (2016–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Episode #2.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Frontier. I need you to find someone. A trapper. Declan Harp. He's halflrish, halfNative. If you don't find Harp, I have a feeling something bad will happen to that sweet little girl of yours. We find ourselves challenged. Losing territory, profits down. It occurs to me that, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 with my help, you could make an excellent governor. And you stand to gain what? Sir, we've spotted a sail on the horizon. Company ship approaching. Why would a company send a ship this late in the season? Lord Fisher sends his regards. He has asked for a full report. Lord Benton is out of favor. Why else would the Company send someone? You have to be the next governor here, not this Johnson. Hello, Rivard. Samuel Grant, wealthy American new to Montreal. Grant is one of several men with whom I do business. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I want to meet him. Work with him and with me. We could destroy the competition. Peter Carruthers, do you know him? I have a message from Samuel Grant. He wishes to speak with you about your husband's business. What's he got over you, Mr. Brown? Carruthers and Company is a prize, Madam. Are you planning on running it yourself? You could certainly make a killing. You've been charged with the murder of Peter Carruthers. You're joking. You know, I've had a revelation about what should happen, once Benton's gone. You are to become the new governor's wife. Do you know how your family died? - What happened? - She was murdered by Benton's men. They weren't just killed. Your son was desperately trying to help his mother. He fought on longer than one would expect from any child. It was only at the end that the true nature of her condition was revealed. She was carrying... - your unborn daughter. - No...! You have to get away from here. Understand? I cannot keep you safe. Go North. I'm sorry, this is your only chance for survival, my friend. Declan Harp and his crew nearly blew this place apart. We need to capture Harp if we want to secure this Fort. That's why the HBC has offered to pay 200 pounds for his head. Synced and corrected by louvette www.addic7ed.com You don't have to call. I see you. Look at this. Four pelts. What did you get? Show off. I'll take these to Montreal. Make sure you get a good price. Our men joined the Black Wolf because we promised they'd do better with us than the HBC. They joined the Black Wolf because of Harp. He'll find us when he's ready. I'll be back with their profits soon. Hey! Don't get distracted in Montreal. What's the report? - Nothing yet, sir. - Nothing on Harp? With a bounty on his head, more bounty hunters will arrive by the day. Imogen! I am in need of assistance! It's only a matter of time. - Yes, Milord? - I need to release water. So you're hoping my bounty hunters will achieve what you cannot. You never fail to disappoint me, Chesterfield. I've made progress in other areas. Can you raise your bottom? If I could raise my bottom, I'd raise my bottom out of bed, wouldn't I? I don't think it's in. - Your Thomas? - Yes, my Thomas! You've made progress. I've been getting this operation back in order. Careful, Chesterfield. Tracking inventory properly, confirming pelt quality and prices, ensuring that the HBC still has its stronghold on the trade. Things which have been neglected of late. Remove it. I want Declan Harp's head. Then you should've taken it when he was in your custody. It was a mistake bringing you here. How you've failed to live up to my expectations. I'm doing my job. Your job was to capture Declan Harp. Now you heed my commands, or I send you back on the supply ship to London, where you'll be licking your lieutenant's boots again. Without me, this Fort will fall. You, you need me. Do I? I do believe a chimpanzee could match your accomplishments, Captain Chesterfield. Now leave. I wish to eat my breakfast. Violating the property of the HBC? This bounty is doing nothing but attracting horrible, violent men to this Fort. Declan Harp is long gone. It needs to be lifted. It'll never happen. Not while Benton's Governor. - That man is a menace. - Yeah, well, on that we agree. I thought you wanted to turn this place into something better. Isn't that why we've been working together? I do, but all Benton cares about is capturing Harp. Then do something about it. What exactly do you suggest? We're not the only ones around here who see his madness. He hanged Governor Threadwell. He murdered Father Coffin. Speak to the men. He's weak. Take advantage of it. We have been trained to follow orders. But we are being led by a governor with no regard for the HBC or the Crown. He cares only for his personal vendettas, putting all of us in compromised positions. He will make one of us take the fall for his mistakes. I have the scars to prove it. He may be the Governor of this Fort, but he is not our King. And he is not acting in the best interests of the HBC or His Majesty! - Agreed! - Yeah. In the name of the King, it is time we remove this madman from office and reinstitute order and discipline. We must serve our King, protect the HBC and take control of this Fort! Yeah! Bertrand. You buying today or selling? That depends, you trap these yourself? I did. Skinned them. Stretched them. The works. It's funny, that. One of my suppliers complained that an Irish man robbed him of several pelts. I'd like to meet this Irish fella. Always looking for capable men. How many do you have? Ten. You're offering me that for ten made pelts? No deal, Bertrand. Considering they are stolen pelts. Why would you give a shite if they were stolen or not? You're a better thief than you are a businessman. You should stick to what you know. Bertrand Bernard, how is my least favorite Montrealer? Elizabeth. You have all the charm of an English woman. If you've come for the pelts, it's too late; They're already spoken for. Well, that's unfortunate. Carruthers and Co. Pays a good price for pelts delivered to the factory door. Oui, Madame. But I already have a buyer in mind. Surely, you know Samuel Grant processes his furs in Albany. Whereas I process mine right here in Montreal. You seem to think you know a lot about the fur trade. My husband taught me well. I'm sorry about his untimely passing. Let us hope no such fate befalls you, seeing as how you are going into business with the man responsible for his untimely passing. You're a smart man, Bertrand. I'll do right by you. Offer you a fair deal. Allow me to consider. Why would Bertrand Bernard sell to Carruthers without even hearing our offer? I'd rather see his head on a platter than let him do business with Elizabeth Carruthers. That can be arranged. Chin up. If I don't have the supply, I don't have a deal with the Marquis. Hold still. We're the perfect partners for a Parisian nobleman. He doesn't want to partner with a British woman. I suppose we'll have to find a new supplier? We can't let her get away with this.! Okay. It's okay, I've got it. Okay. Samuel, I'll speak to her. - There's blood on my breeches. - I'll get you a clean pair. And there's still water in the bathtub if you need it. Yes, I think I'd like that. My God! Grace Emberly. How long has it been? Captain Gray, a long while now. You look well. Where is Eddie? - Who? - Edward. Your father. He's in Montreal. He's been there for a while now. Can I get you some food? It's you. And I should hope you have news? I do. Lord Benton, you are hereby removed from your post as Governor of Fort James. What is this outrage? You will be placed under Captain Gray's charge until you return to London, where you will answer for the murder of Governor Threadwell, as well as that of Father James Coffin. But don't worry, love. Everton here will return with you to handdeliver this sworn affidavit to Lord Fisher. It's been signed by over 30 men who swear by my claims. You despicable lowborn bastard. After all I've done for you!? This forfeits any control you may have over this Fort, or the army who has sworn to protect it. Chesterfield, you will never be anything more than a stray dog. We shall see. Captain Gray, I presume? I am. Sir, I'm afraid you need to detain. Lord Benton on the Phoenix. He's to be returned to London, where he'll face trial for the crime of murder. This man is attempting a revolt to seize power. This is a ploy. Surely to God, Captain Gray, it is the duty of you and your men to help me restore order. This is highly irregular. Under the provisions of the Hudson Bay Company's charter, a Governor who is deemed unfit to manage may be immediately removed from office. He's a liar! He's in league with the French, dammit. Captain Chesterfield is an honest man whose word you can trust. Lord Fisher has instructed me to consult directly with Captain Johnson. Where is he? He's dead, Sir. Due to Lord Benton's negligence. Darraugh, lead them onto the ship. We'll need to lock him up in the brig. Chesterfield, I will destroy you for this! Captain Chesterfield, this Fort will need an acting Governor until Lord Fisher completes his inquiry. Are you willing to take on that responsibility? I am, and please assure Lord Fisher I am quite ready to embrace responsibility on a more permanent basis. Give me your hand. Me? Pardon me? Whose coat is this? This is your papa's coat? Your dad? OK... I have to keep it a secret. - You can't keep a secret. - That's not true. I've never told anyone of my sister's pregnancy. - You told me. - That does not count, you never met her. Alright, since you put a knife to my throat, I'll tell you what I know. Is he alive? He was, yes. Last I saw him. But he was weak. Not in a condition to fight these bounty hunters. A plate of food or an ale? I'll just set you some aside. He's looking to claim that bounty. Those tattoos tell the story of a man - who spent time in prison. - Shh. I don't know what sort of shape Harp is in, but he needs to be warned. Don't touch me, you ugly shit. What'd you call me? That's what I called ya. Imogen. We're not a brothel. Just because I was a whore doesn't mean I don't want a bit of fun. I could use your hand in the kitchen. I'll see you later, sailor. What now? Is that any way to speak to a Governor? It will be made permanent, you'll see. I'm doing the rounds. I want everyone in this Fort to be clear the new Governor will be running things differently. - How's that? - More profitable. More organized. Murder and theft will no longer go unpunished. You want this place to be less violent? Lift the bounty placed on Harp's head. Have you seen the kind of people it attracts? It is now in my power to do so. I could even issue the man a full pardon, freeing him of all his crimes. After everything Benton did to him, it would seem fair. It would. But I have no reason to be so kind. Some crowd today. How long a wait? Time enough for me to take two shits. Well, I'd best go stand in line then. What will these get me? Six pelts. Three tokens. I don't want tokens. I want silver. No silver. Tokens. HBC beaver tokens aren't worth shite to me out here. You'd better watch your goddamn tone, boy, or I'll kick yer arse and take these gratis. Hey! Hey! You thieving bastard! After him! We're under atta... What are you doing? I bet it's a good story. Bertrand... Are you two Lake Walkers? Not anymore. Are you banished? Are you with Machk? Do you see Machk? If you plan to rob me, then fine, but I have no supplies. You are Declan Harp's people. - I heard he was dead. - Would you like to join him? Omaciw. I have to warn you... You're hurt? It's just a graze. Chesterfield, you claimed you'd make this Fort safer. I did. Take a look at the mutilated trapper beaten to bits outside my alehouse and tell me how safe it is. Who did it? I suspect that large ogre of a man killed him for vomiting on his boot. Issue the pardon. For the sake of my girls, my ale, for this Fort. Doing so would make me appear weak to my men. If you issue a full pardon, freeing Harp of all his crimes... I will agree to be your wife. Is that not you want? You said so yourself, you and I together can rule Fort James. Presenting a united front will work to our advantage, yes. But why would you agree to it now, when you wouldn't agree to it before? You weren't Governor before. Lift the bounty, and I'll marry you. I don't believe we've met. Um, no, Ma'am. Um. I'm Clenna. Clenna Dolan. - Dublin? - Excuse me? - Your accent. - I suppose. - It's been a while. - How did something so lovely come from such a dirty little rathole? I bet you clean up well. What are you doing with them? We crossed paths when you were in Montreal. If this is all you got for those pelts in Montreal, we should begin trading inland. Most of my share has been spent. On what? You spent it on that yellowhaired girl you're still in love with. I'm not. I feel responsible for her, that's all. It's the least I can do after how things ended between us. Look, I'm done with getting a few coins here and there. We need to start thinking bigger, Sokanon. Stealing a pelt at a time, we'll be forever getting enough money to get the Black Wolf back on its feet. But what if we steal a bunch of pelts all at once? From the Voyageurs? No, from the HBC. I'd rather not put the entire Black Wolf at risk, not without Harp. I've been trying to convince you to go and find Harp for weeks now, you refuse. Why? What if we can't find him? I'd rather believe we're following him, even if he's not here. Otherwise, who are we following? We're not following anyone right now, Sokanon. So let's lead. I want the Marquis to get a good look at you. If he asks you about the hat, you tell him where you got it. In the meantime, give this hat box to Samuel Grant when you see him. I will, ma'am. What's in it, a load of brick? It's a significant gift. Thank you. My inventory is larger, and of higher quality than any other company in Montreal. You know, Mr. Grant, I am a man who has been through three marriages. And people ask: Mais pourquoi Le Marquis De Beaumont est incapable d'être aussi sévère dans le choix. De ses épouses que dans celui de ses partenaires? In business, I do not fall in love so easily. Excuse me, Sir. Mr. Grant? - Well, well. - Bonjour, mademoiselle. Sorry to interrupt, I'm to deliver this to you. It's a gift from Elizabeth Carruthers. Really? How very kind of her. What an exquisite hat you are wearing, simply breathtaking. It's made from 100 percent Carruthers felt... Processed from beaver furs right here in Montreal. You must be the Marquis De Beaumont. - You're alright? - Yes? - I'm Elizabeth Carruthers. - Oui. I just heard about the Carruthers Factory from that most exquisite young lady, wearing your hat. - Where did she go? - You mean the Irish girl? You must introduce me. She's lovely. Yes, she is indeed lovely. As is my felt, if you'd care to come feel it, and compare it with anything else here at Market. Shall we discuss our business over drinks? We were discussing fashion and ladies. When your husband arrives, then I shall discuss business with him. - Madame. - Monsieur. Retrieve me a Brown Brother. Let me go! Get this thing off of me. Screaming won't do you any good. What's going on? At least this time, when your leg heals, it will heal properly. Don't touch me, or I'll scratch out your eyes, you bloody bastard! No. Please. What... What are you... Douglas Brown... you are free to go. I've informed the Magistrate that my husband's death was selfdefense. So you are practically a free man. What do you mean "practically"? Sign this marriage contract first. Did we not already have this conversation? Well, we did, but now I'm getting a little desperate. I need a man to pretend to run my company. I don't have time to find one, so you'll have to do. I only need a puppet, something tells me you'll be rather good at that. I'm not going to be your puppet. Alright, remove him. No wait! Wait, wait, wait! If I do it, I should expect access to your funds, and certain... comforts? We shall discuss it. Right. Let the marriage ceremony begin. Now, you both sign here. I can now pronounce you man and wife. Congratulations, Governor. Ma'am. Safe journey home, Captain Gray. Tell Eddie I'm sorry I missed him. Write the notice. What notice? The notice retracting the bounty on Declan Harp. Yes, I will. But the messengers won't be back until morning anyway. Write it now so they can leave at dawn. It's been a long day. I'll do it in the morning. Do it now. It was the deal. But we've not quite made this marriage official yet. This is a business agreement. You know, I always thought my class, that it would stand in the way of me getting what I want. Yet here I am: Governor. Your husband. It's more than I ever dreamed possible. But you're going to have to get in my bed if you want those letters sent. You ready? Hey! Who's there? Hey! I need you to help me go after Benton. The man's on his last breath. My lips are sealed. Synced and corrected by louvette www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 