Frontier: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Frontier 
 s1e3 - Mushkegowuk Esquewu - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Frontier (2016–…): Season 1, Episode 3 - Mushkegowuk Esquewu - full transcript 
 After an unprovoked attack on their camp, Machk leads the Lake Walkers to retaliate against the Brown Brothers; Harp sets out to find the truth while tensions increase. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Frontier"... What's your connection with Lord Benton? I made a deal with him... There is a girl. Benton said he'd hang her if I didn't do it. My grandson has been taken. If he is alive I will find him. I have an idea, I walk through the front door; I'm there to see Lord Benton. I'll let you in. Don't let the Irish lad out of your sight. He's worth five times your weight in ale. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That's not what I said! Jesus! We are here. We are goin' there. That's east. That's south. That's where we're goin'! Idiot. Declan Harp. You mad bastard. I'm here to negotiate for the hostage. There'll be no negotiation. On the ground, face down now. Those are pretty hats. If you release him to me I might let you keep yours. You've got some stones, Harp, I'll give you that, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 but you're out of your fuckin' mind. Dogs... Wearin' hats. Well, maybe you donna count so well, but you're badly outnumbered. Good dog. You could help here, you know! Let him go. That's it. Keep the pressure on, if you let him breathe you're right back at square one. Harp! Help! What would you do if I wasn't here? God! Did I kill him? No, no, no, he's just unconscious. Are you hurt? No, I'm great. Just freezin' to death. Thanks. Go get yourself a coat. Help yourself. Now he's dead. The Low River Company tartan. You work for Malcolm Brown? So you murder innocent Lake Walkers and take my man hostage? Perhaps you didn't hear me. - I asked if you worked for Malcolm Brown. - Fuck you! Fuckin' bastard! He murdered Kitchi. Kill him and let's get on with it. No, I'm not gonna be killing you dog. Damn it! - You're gonna take me to Malcolm Brown. - My fuckin' ear! - And I want some answers. - Fuck you! Jesus! Up dog! Fuck you! Fuck you! Good boy. Machk! Why go to Malcolm Brown? This is exactly the kind of reckless move that got Samoset killed. Mind your tongue or I will cut it out. Why not go to Kamenna? Machk will demand retaliation against the Brown brothers. He's probably already moving on the Low River camp. Brown is our competition. Why not let the Lake Walkers destroy them? 'Cause that's what Benton wants. Right? If we're out here killing each other, it makes it that much easier for Benton to tighten his grip on controlling the trade. The HBC is our common enemy. They have unlimited resources and if we are gonna take them and Benton down we're gonna need all the independent companies to work together. We have to stop this war between the Browns and the Lake Walkers before it happens. Let's go. Up! God, whose attribute is always to have mercy and to... to spare, we... Ach, get on with it, man. We humbly present our prayers to Thee for the souls of Thy loyal servants - whom Thou whom Thou hast called... - Declan Harp. Has this day called out of this world... How in God's name did you let him kill so many of our men? We were taken by surprise. He knew exactly where to find the Lake Walker boy. Into the hands of the enemy, nor to, nor to forget forever, but to, to... You dispatched Cedric Brown, did you not? I did. I stabbed him myself. Did Harp see you kill him, see you take the child? - No, it's impossible. - To, to bear them into paradise, yes! Would you shut up for one moment! Chesterfield, remind me, where did you find young Kitchi? Chesterfield? In the storeroom behind the ale house. Leave. Emberly! Lord Benton. Can I offer you somethin'? Brandy. Of course. Something has come to my attention which is very troubling. What's that, my Lord? The Lake Walker boy. You did not inform me that he was in your care. I dinna wish to waste your time given your new responsibilities as Acting Governor since Mr. Threadwell's untimely death. Sparing me the trouble. How thoughtful. Exactly, my Lord. You've fared well with this place, a woman, amongst all these rough men. One might even say you prospered, but I need hardly remind you that your ale house operates by license and with my blessing. Of course, my Lord, I am at your service, but without hot food and drink you might have a mutiny on your hands. I'd never close the place, my dear, I'd simply award the license to someone else, someone who fits more comfortably in britches. I have reason to believe that you've been entertaining Declan Harp, feeding him information. I haven't seen Declan Harp in years, and I certainly wouldn't allow him in here, my Lord. No, of course not. This is excellent brandy. It's French, isn't it? Yes, my Lord. Such a pity it's illegal. The black market does carry risks, Miss Emberly. Chesterfield... Search the premises. Any barrel, cask or bottle that does not have the HBC stamp, remove at once. What the hell is goin' on? I'll get this under control. We need to move those pelts. Yeah. Where is he? Stay here. Stay alert. Declan fuckin' Harp in the flesh. You'd better tell me why the fuck you're walking around my camp like you own the fuckin' place. I found this piece of shit and I thought you might want it back. On your fuckin' knees! MacLaughlan. - Does he work for you? - This fuckin' thief? I threw him and some other useless pricks like him out months ago. I'd sooner gut him than look at him. What did he do? Attacked the Lake Walker village, half a dozen dead. Jesus Christ. Fuckin' idiot! He's wearin' your colors. So that's why you're here, to accuse me of murder? Is that how you would do business? Kill your suppliers? Don't be ridiculous, man. Yeah, well, your fuck head brother kidnapped one of them. Kitchi... The Okimaw's grandson? Held him hostage. If Cedric had anythin' to do with this I'll personally rip him a new arse! Cedric's dead. A man named Chesterfield, Lord Benton's right hand man. I'm gonna find this man Chesterfield, and when I'm finished with him there won't be a piece of bigger than my fist! You got a bigger problem, Brown. The Lake Walkers are seeking retribution. I know nothing about no fuckin' attack! Why would I murder them? I need their fucking trade! You... Who told you to do it, hey? Who fuckin' hired ya?! Answer me or I swear to Christ I'll rip your head from your fuckin' body! He's not gonna talk. You'll need to talk to the Lake Walkers. You tell them you didn't do this, otherwise who knows... Savages! - All right. - We're under attack! Lake Walkers, shooting from the forest! - Ach, come on! - I've been hit! Somebody give me a musket! He claims he didn't order the killings. You believe him? This is Benton's work. It's what he wants, us at each other's throats. We need proof for Kamenna to stop Machk. I could free MacLaughlan, let him escape and follow him. If we're right, he'll lead us straight to Benton. All right, do it. Take Michael with you. He'll slow me down! So teach him. Dimanche, with me! Look out! Look out! Run, before I change my mind. We're goin' after him, right? You're going to do exactly as I say. We need to get in formation, quick! Mr. Pond, make yourself at home. Mr. Grant would like a word. And I'd like you to get out from behind my bloody desk. I have a carriage waiting. You may tell your employer that I donna have time to see him today. Actually, I believe you have time right now. Langmead and Langmead, Lemont Furs, Levesque and Sons. You are familiar with these companies? Aye, so? So each of them are illegally conducting trade in the north in territory granted to the Hudson's Bay Company, just as you are. The most successful is a man named Peter Carruthers, Carruthers and Co. You know him? What if I do? You are to speak with him. You will invite him here tomorrow afternoon. Carruthers is my direct competition. Why would I invite him here to speak with you? Because I'm asking you nicely. I'd do it myself, but I'm new in town and we're not yet acquainted. I think, Mr. Grant, that you misunderstand. Must understand the nature of our dealings. I loan you money; You travel north; You trade; You return home with furs and you give them to me, at which point the debt is repaid. If, in the meantime, I ask you for a favor and you oblige, well, Mr. Brown, that's... That's just good business. Otherwise, I might be tempted to demand immediate repayment, which of course would land you in debtor's prison and from what I understand... It's rather unpleasant. Mr. Carruthers. Here tomorrow. Goodbye, Mr. Brown. Four men dead. All well trained, tough-as-nails highlanders. This is revenge. I did nothing. They are gonna fuckin' pay for this. You're in their territory and you're vastly outnumbered. You don't know what my men are capable of. How quickly can they dig their own graves? This ends now. You are not getting into a war with Lake Walkers. I'm trying to help you. Aye, that's what it feels like. I'm offering you the opportunity to take revenge against the man who murdered your brother in cold blood. Chesterfield, the HBC, that is the real enemy. You will speak to the Okimaw. You will tell her that you did not attack her people and you will make peace. If you do not, you and your men will all die. He's stopped. A fire! Can we light one, too? I'm freezin'. No. He's already paranoid. See there? He twists a little. He was looking over his shoulder as he walked. I don't suppose you know how to build a fire that doesn't make smoke. Press up your body against mine. What? You miss London? I miss some things about it, sure. It's not an easy place to live, London, But I had Clenna. Tom. She's an amazing person, Clenna. Beautiful, smart as a bloody whip, never let me get away with shite. Once, we broke into this fancy house and she tried on this lady's silk dress. She was so happy. I promised her that one day she'd have a feather bed and a dress like that of her own. We would take walks in the park and she'd be wearing her dress and I'd be wearing a top hat, eatin' oranges. Oranges? Oranges. Fruit. They're sweet and round and... Orange. They're full of juice! You can suck on 'em or eat 'em. I've never had one before... But I will. So you miss her because she looks good in a dress and you want to wear a top hat and suck fruit. Well, when you put it like that it sounds a little, a little... The fire's out! He's on the move again. The brandy you drink is the devil's brew, my friends, and it will take you straight to hell. You must leave this place and never return, and once you are outside in the street you must fall on your knees and beg the forgiveness of our Lord Jesus Christ! Father Coffin, you must be hungry. I brought you something to eat. When was the last time you had a meal? Some time, I'll admit. I am reborn, praise God, and whilst I bask inHhis glory I am penniless and frankly very, very hungry. The thing is, Father, you can't be harassing the customers. It's God's work, my dear! Soon I will have a congregation to support me. Up here, Father. Lovely. Such blue eyes. You'll need something to wash that down. I'll fetch you some water. What about ale, Father? No, no, no, no I mustn't. No, no, no, the father is trying to remain sober. It's only a little alcohol. It's hardly more than water. T-t-t-to wash down the bread. Yeah, that's right. A little sip can't hurt. Why the hell did you not warn me?! Lord Benton connected you to the native boy and came straight to you! Well, you should stop him! Divert him, whatever it takes. If his men discover this we're both dead. He's just trying to intimidate you to prove a point. Well, this should buy us some time. This place hasn't been used in years. I'll make sure it stays that way. I hope so, Captain Chesterfield because if these pelts get traced back to me I will not take the fall alone. You think twice before you threaten me! Calm down. We're in this together. Did you have me followed, when I took the boy, Kitchi? Did you tell Declan Harp? Of course not. If you're in league with Harp... Chesterfield, I'm in league with you and only you. I want what you want... for you to become governor and for Benton to disappear. I want to believe you, Grace. Keep your focus, Captain Chesterfield. Yes, of course. We have to move these pelts fast. We need to find a buyer in Montreal. I'm workin' on it. You need to steal the company ledger. If we don't adjust the numbers. Lord Benton will discover the theft. Bring it to me. I'll deal with the rest. If you're lyin' to me about Harp, you'll suffer for it, you and your girls. - No? Okay. - Yeah? Watch it. Move. Fine. If it'll end these murders I'll talk to the fuckin' Lake Walkers. How do we do this? We approach the Okimaw. We go to her alone and unarmed. We could be walkin' into an ambush. She is a woman of honor. I'll guarantee your safety. If anything happens to me, my men will attack their camp and take their revenge and I'll tell her that, too. We're going to make peace not threats, Brown. We need to give Sokanon and Michael time. You work with his men, set up a perimeter around the camp in case Machk comes back. I wanna be ready. As you know, Mr. Carruthers, there is a vast global demand for furs. Prices have never been higher. Enormous wealth waiting to be made. The Hudson's Bay Company has controlled the northern trade for a hundred years as if this land and its wealth is their birthright, but that, Sir, is about to end. We are about to take the fur trade and make it our own. Now, I have vast experience, of course. I made my fortune in the Hudson valley and I can assure you that by sharing information, resources, and by giving a better price for pelts, the native tribes will abandon the glorious HBC and trade with us and so... Does this gentleman ever fuckin' shut up? I beg your pardon? I hear that you're in league with them already, Brown. Is it true? Mr. Grant has made a modest investment. Because your ship went down, you had no choice. Don't mistake me for one of your American friends. I don't just bend over and show you my arse at the sound of some pretty words. What a shame. Perhaps you don't understand what those words mean... Grant, I don't need you or your money. I've trade agreements with native tribes. I have transport, warehousing, ships, buyers in London and Paris. I take raw pelts, I turn them into the finest garments. I have it all. So my advice to you, Mr. Grant, is you should bugger off back to New York. Good luck to ya, Brown. You're gonna need it. You're being hasty, Peter. You should hear him out! D-donna be offended. Out. His manner's a bit... Shh. The English, so refined. You will speak with Mr. Carruthers... And you will make him understand my point of view! Take Brown with you. I don't need any help. You may need a witness. Miss Emberly, Jean-Marc Rivard is here. On the house. I don't suppose you've seen Declan Harp? He ask me to do something for him and then he disappear. I didn't ask you here to talk about Declan Harp. I don't trust you, Rivard, but it is my belief that you are entirely for sale. Your discretion can be bought and I'm willing to pay you well. I don't understand this conversation. I've got a job for you, but there are rules. If you tell anyone about it I've also enough money to have you killed, which I suspect wouldn't cost much. Normally a woman will make me dinner before she threatens to have me murdered. There's a man in Montreal, an American, Samuel Grant. I believe you have his acquaintance? I want you to deliver a letter to him directly into his hands. What about? Why would you need to write a letter... You don't pay me to ask questions. That's right. I just arrive from Montreal and now you ask me to go back? Would you do it? I assume this is for me? Come see me tomorrow. I'll give you the letter. He hasn't been eatin', he's lost a lot of blood. He's not long for this world. I never thought you would survive this long. And what do you think now? You learn quickly. I understand why Harp sees something in you. And that makes you happy? He's not exactly the easiest man to please. He wasn't always this way. He had a family. My sister, Nuna, he loved her, they were together. They had a boy, Mikinok. What happened? She was murdered by Benton's men, and their son too. Their deaths changed him. He became wild, dark. What he sees in you, I think it's himself, who he used to be. Do you think he's right? Now, Imogen, why do you imagine I have a spy in the ranks at the ale house? So that Grace Emberly can profit from contraband behind my back? No, Milord, I... I didn't recognize the illegal brandy, I... Do you know the name Threadwell? Yes, my Lord. Now there's a man I knew for 32 years, but when he crossed me he paid the ultimate price. So what think you I would do to a London whore who crossed me? Is there anything else transpiring at the ale house I should know about? No, Milord. And if something were to arise, you will report it to me directly. Yes, Milord. I would never lie to you. I swear. Go. You're late, MacLaughlan. Couple more hours I would have head back to fort. You better have a good goddamn reason for making me wait in this shit hole. He cut my fuckin' ear off! - Where are your men? - He killed my fuckin' men! Who? Brown? - No Declan Harp! - Calm down. So you're alone? Aye, and Harp is a devil, you knew that, you fuckin' knew! You failed to bring me Michael Smyth. Did you at least manage to stir up some shit with the Lake Walkers? We slit some throats, aye, and they took the bait. They think it was Brown, which means you owe me some fuckin' money! Payment in full. You had me kill the wrong people. Declan Harp and his people, they're the bastards you should worry about! And a bonus... For your trouble. Least I donna to share this with anybody. He's been paid. Chesterfield. Harp was right. It was Benton who gave the order. Jesus! Let's go! You will paint him a favorable portrait. That will be easy. I will tell him of your great beauty. You will tell him that I'm a businesswoman, that I've much to offer. If he deals with me he will prosper. Business? You understand Grant is a dealer in pelts, furs. I'm not being paid to ask questions. For the journey. It's full of brandy. It might last me 'til supper. - Your price. - Has gone up. I'll do it, but you must help me find Declan Harp. Deliver this first, then if I know anything I'll share it. If the seal is broken I will find out and I will have you... you will have me killed. Yes, I believe you. Has anyone ever told you you're a disconcerting woman? Bon voyage, monsieur Rivard. We were right. He went to a lean-to. Chesterfield was there. He paid him and then he shot him. MacLaughlan's dead? Chesterfield took the money back. He didn't see you? He didn't, and we covered our tracks. Chesterfield? He's the one that killed Cedric? Benton's man. He could be the fuckin' King of England, I'm still gonna fuckin' murder him. First you're gonna make peace with Kamenna. You'll come with us. You'll tell them what you saw, okay? Let's go. Leave your weapons here. - If Machk is there... - We go in unarmed. That's the only way that this works. Michael, you and Dimanche stay in the woods outside the Lake Walker village in case Machk or any of his other boys show up. You think you can do that, Dimanche? Father Coffin'll soon be back to his former drunken self. He won't be harassing the patrons, we're making sure of it. For the good of the business. I thought you'd be pleased. You have good reason not to trust me. I've been spyin' for Lord Benton. I can't stop thinking about it or about how you stood up to him, before. It was impressive. Flattery now? I'm trying to say from now on I'm on your side. You can trust me. Get back to work. Carruthers. This had better be good, Brown. My wife is not amused. - What do you want? - I'm sorry? You sent for me? What the fuck do you want? I didn't send for anyone. "Come to the offices of the Low River Company at once. Douglas Brown." I didn't write this. I did. I apologize for the deception, but I needed to see you, Sir, and I was afraid you wouldn't receive me. You forgot something at Mr. Grant's earlier today and... I wanted to return it to you. My pistol. It's a beautiful weapon. Prussian, isn't it? And you keep it loaded, yeah? That's wise. That was in my fuckin' office, locked in my drawer. How the fuck did you get it? What the hell do you think you're doin', Pond? I'm returning his pistol. Go on? Take it. That's gonna be a closed casket. Jesus Christ. He tried to shoot me. I was defending myself. You're my witness. You'll never get away with this. You're gonna have to clean that up? Mr. Carruthers has bled all over your floor. What happened to your people was terrible and I'm sorry for it, but I had nothin' to do with it and anyone who says I did is a liar. I'm willin' to put the past behind me and look to the future. I suggest you do the same. Kamenna, the man who killed your people, we followed him to Lord Benton, to his man. You saw this? He gave him money. He paid him to attack your village and murder your people. Benton, not me. And what of your brother, Cedric Brown? Attacking us, stole my grandson. Are those lies? Now why's she bringin' that up? That's got nothin' to do with this. My brother did a stupid thing without my knowledge or consent, but he paid for it. He's dead, like my men are dead, all right? You're not the only one who's been wronged! - That's enough. - Why am I the one who has to grovel? As painful as the death of my grandson is, I do wish to look to the future. I accept your brother acted without you. Malcolm, you will make amends for what Cedric did. Gifts, offerings. Okimaw, will you accept peace? Machk! This man killed our people. He must die. I told you this was a bad fuckin' idea. Our business is with Kamenna, not with you. We come unarmed and in good faith. We are guests. He's right. You have blood on your hands! And you listen to Declan Harp, not the people! They demand justice, Kamenna, and this man, Malcolm Brown, must pay for what he has done. Michael. We can't do nothin'. No. Harp says we stay here. Now, we will heal the land... of this sickness you bring! These people are under my protection! You must not betray that! Machk... Let them go. You and I can settle this once and for all. Why? When I can kill you all now? You say the people are with you. This is not the way we make our decisions. This is a decision for squaw! You're acting more like a European! If you let them go unharmed, I'll step aside. You can be Okimaw. Kamenna, you shouldn't do this. I am good to my word. As long as I am Okimaw, I will not allow the stench of you people near us. You won't be Okimaw for long. Michael Smyth would die for you. Next Sunday on Frontier. Harp's lot, still poaching our trade! It's just good business. Michael? Is he here? He's in terrible danger. Lord Benton is a good man. Everything Benton said is a lie. Let's see if the sugar attracts any wasps. Go Michael! Synced and corrected by louvette www.addic7ed.com 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 