Shark Tank: Season 12, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Shark Tank 
 s12e9 - Episode #12.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Shark Tank (2009–…): Season 12, Episode 9 - Episode #12.9 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Narrator: Tonight on "Shark Tank"... There's a new sports drink in town, and she's got game. [ Laughs ] Walsh: I don't know about you, Sharks, but when I win, I want everyone to know. Whoo! Oh. We have sold a little over $2,000. $2,000? Greiner: Whoa! I think you need a job. This is our full‐time job right now. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That's not good, guys. [ Sniffles ] Can I ‐‐ Can I ‐‐ Can I ‐‐ Can I... God, I just want to ‐‐ Can I just tell you a story? ♪♪ Narrator: First into the Tank is an entrepreneur who is ready to take on a competitive market. ♪♪ Hello, Sharks. I'm Fran Harris from Dallas, Texas. Hooooo! Yeah! And I'm seeking $350,000 in exchange for 20% of my company. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Sharks, the sports drink category is a $23 billion opportunity. The problem is that a lot of these companies who are purporting to have "functional hydration" are actually putting water in bottles that are full of nothing more than sugar... ...artificial colors and ingredients... ...and, you guessed it, salt. Sharks, consumers are not going to settle for a sports drink that over‐promises and under‐delivers, leaving you feeling tired and sluggish. You know why? You know why? Why? Why? Why? Because there's a new sports drink in town, and she's got game. Introducing Electra, a better‐for‐you functional beverage hydration company that's going to change the sports drink game forever. Sharks, I played on an undefeated Division I women's basketball team at The University of Texas. I also played on the WNBA's first championship team with the Houston Comets. So safe to say I've consumed a lot of hydration and sports drinks. And I can tell you without a doubt that everyday athletes, hustlers, and doers, what they're looking for, an Electra delivers on every single one of those. And yeah, there's some competition out there. But let me tell you, Sharks, we are coming for that ass. [ Laughter ] So, there's really only one question remaining. Who's ready to electrify their hustle, end the tyranny of these sugary sports drinks, and help me raise this billion‐dollar baby? [ Chuckles ] Good job. Corcoran: Great. Great pitch. Are we going to try these? Yes, you are going to try those. So, those are the three flavors. There is Litty Lemonade, there is Passion Punch, and there is "Oh, Yeah!" Orange. Passion Punch is good. Is there a particular top seller? So, those are our launch flavors. You haven't sold any yet? Good question, Kevin. [ Laughs ] Already you show how wonderful you are. No, we haven't sold them. We literally just launched about 10 days ago. Wow. Okay? What do you use to sweeten it? We are using monk fruit to sweeten it. The question that we will get to either sooner or later... Mm‐hmm. ...is you mentioned a few competitors. Now, they're not just ordinary competitors. They are bone‐crushing monsters who own this category. What is the plan for you to get distribution in the bone‐crushing business... Bone‐crushing. ...of sports beverages? Well, Kevin, you heard my background. I'm not afraid of competitors. I've competed all of my life. Yeah. And she's not afraid of you, Kevin. And competition is a good thing. The plan is to go direct to consumer online, but ‐‐ Shipping... a 12‐pound box? That's going to be expensive. Let me finish. The plan is to go direct to consumer as well as to go to retail. My background is I was a salesperson for Procter & Gamble, so I'm very familiar, have a lot of experience in the CPG market. So I get the freight. I get how expensive it's going to be. But I also believe that you have to go direct to consumer because there are a lot of consumers online who are looking for hydration, and we need to be there just like we need to be there in retail. So, why did you decide to go with a drink as opposed to a mix? Because once you are hustling and you're active, you want to walk into a convenience store or store and you want to grab something then, right? You don't want to grab a water and then grab your mix and then have to do all that. But I think the convenience factor is a big thing. And I get that. It's just getting that space... Totally. ...in the cooler, right, is hard, and then trying to be direct to consumer... Sure... is even harder 'cause of shipping costs. You've got to be mixed direct to consumer. That's a 24‐pound case, 12. That'll weigh 24 pounds. ‐Agree. Agree. I think it's important to be both. I think it's important to be on shelf, and I think it's important to have a mix that people can order online. The shipping's gonna be less. As somebody who works out, I always have to replenish potassium. So, the amount of potassium relative to the amount of calories is really good. Thank you. So, that's a positive. My challenge is, though, with the Mavs, I already have two big deals with sports drink manufacturers. Okay. So, I can't touch anything at all. But I just got to tell you, the formulation is great, the taste is great, but unfortunately for those reasons, I'm out. Are you working full time on this now? I am. Where are you manufacturing this? So, we manufacture it in a little place called Coppell, which is right outside of Dallas. Are you going to be using a distributor? Yes, we actually just ‐‐ I got an e‐mail today from one of the largest distributors who wants to see a sale sheet on it because I dropped some of it off last week. And what is your first production run going to be? The first production run will probably be between 20,000 or 30,000. And where are you getting that money from? We have some at that meeting, and hopefully the rest of it will come from this little audience right here. So, you can't take that product in until you get the money from us, right? That's right. Good job, Barbara. Fran, how would you spend the $350,000? Could you break that down for me? Production will probably be somewhere between $20,000 and $30,000. Okay? In terms of R&D;, probably $25,000 or something like that, however that goes. So, a total of about $50,000. And the rest of the money, what would you do with that? So I would also hire someone for logistics, sales, and marketing. Greiner: So, first of all, I love you because I love your straightforwardness and your strength and your confidence. I would be uber excited about you, but the drinks themselves aren't really my cup of tea. And so for those reasons, I'm out. You're out? Thank you, Lori. O'Leary: You have a very impressive background. Your pitch was flawless. There is no data on sell‐through here, Fran. You are running, and you want to take my $350,000... I do. ...and experiment on... "I do. Absolutely, I do." ...whether this can work or not. You don't have enough data to do that. I don't want to discourage you, but I also don't want to see you crash and burn. Confidence is not enough. I hear what you're saying. First of all, I win. All I do is win. So, even though I'm new in this category, I'm going to continue because I know that I'm going to be able to carve out a niche place for Electra, and then we're going to win. We are coming for that ass. That's it. [ Laughter ] Okay? Alright. Any other category, any other product, anything else, that kind of, you know, confidence would be very useful. Look, I wish you the best. I really do. That's alright. But I'm not taking this ride with you. I'm sorry. I'm out. So, okay. Turns out you're not so Mr. Wonderful. Thank you for that. Oh. Oh. Oh! Corcoran: Whoa. Daymond. I don't want to agree with Kevin, but I've had a lot of challenges with this area, and I just wouldn't be able to help you with this 'cause it's just so difficult. So, I'm out. Okay, thank you, Daymond. Barbara, it's just me and you. CORCORAN: It's okay. I don't mind an empty room. That's a lot. Yeah. I wish you hadn't come in here and pitched a beverage business. I rarely agree with Kevin, but I do. It's the worst possible space. The very first money I lost on "Shark Tank" was to a small company guy with fire in his belly, great conviction, right formulation named Chill Soda. I lost that money in a month. Boom! So, it's a terrible space. So, for you to stand here and be so fearless, you're a hell of a salesman. When I heard that pitch, there wasn't a single word wasted. But I'm not willing to risk $350,000. I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll give you $100,000 cash up front, a $250,000 line of credit. But because it's a high risk deal, I want 40% of the business. ‐Yowza. Yowza. ‐Ooh! ‐Ooh! Now who's wearing the rings? ‐Ohh! ‐Ohh. Who's getting that ass now? Barbara. Narrator: Four Sharks are out. Barbara is Fran's last chance for a deal for her sports drink company, Electra, but she wants a much bigger stake in the business than the 20% Fran came in offering. I'll give you $100,000 cash up front, a $250,000 line of credit. But because it's a high risk deal, I want 40% of the business. ‐Yowza. Yowza. ‐Ooh! ‐Ooh! Who's getting that ass now? Barbara, I really, really, really appreciate that offer. And I can't tell you this until we decide whether we're gonna work together, but I have some things that are in place. You might want to tell me now. I should tell you now? You think so? Oh, yeah. It's "do lose." I do have a couple of Hall of Famers. One is an NFL Hall of Famer, one is an NBA hall of Famer who are ready to come to the table to bring their influence to move this product. Not their cash. Both of them are cash. Both of them are cash. Well, then. Yes, both of them are cash. Good for you. So I told them that ‐‐ Thank you for hiding that until everybody was out. See? I wanted to see who was with me, Barbara. I wanted to see who was with me. Maybe. And these are real offers that are on the table. So, I like your offer, but not for 40%. Would you be willing to take 25% for the same deal, and we have a deal? I'll give you ‐‐ or I'll take 30% if you could bring those two big fish in with us. And if not, all bets are off. So if I can't get both of them in, you're out completely? If you don't bring them in, you don't get the $100,000, you don't get the credit line. You're going to have to take a gamble yourself here. But I think that's only fair because I'm taking a huge gamble myself. So, I'm not sure that I want both of them. Oh, you're not sure? That I want both of them. I can get both of them. I'm going to trust you that if you could get the good one, then yes, I'll do that. But if you don't get them, you don't get anything. You'll do, what, 30%, Barbara? Yeah, 30%. You bring the big fish in, and still, the structure of my deal is the same ‐‐ $100,000 with $250,000 credit line. You drive a hard bargain, Barbara. Say yes. It's a good deal. But she has no choice. Yeah, she has no choice. What did you say, Mark? I just said it's a great deal. He said you had no choice. I always have a choice. There's no choice when it comes to Barbara. I always have a choice. I love the deal, and I'll take your deal, Barbara. You got it, baby. I wish I could hug you, but I can't, but let's go! CORCORAN: I'll make up for it later, all the hugs. Thank you. Thank you, guys. Cuban: Congratulations. Greiner: Congratulations. Thank you very much. When Barbara makes an offer, you have no choice. You have to take that deal. Whoo! There's no question ‐‐ beverages are difficult, but all I've done all my life is win. And with Barbara on board, I know I'll keep winning. Whoo! We are coming for that ass! I think it's a good deal. You know, you only get to live once. Why live in Hell? So they can hang out with you, Kevin. Come on! [ Laughter ] ♪♪ Narrator: In season 10, Anna Skaya made a deal with Kevin O'Leary for Basepaws, a DNA testing kit for cats. Let's do it. Cuban: Alright! Narrator: Let's see what she's up to now. Skaya: A DNA test from Basepaws can tell you about your pet's breed. It can look into their genetic health. It's like a window into your pet's soul. Kevin invited us to his summit in Miami, where we got a chance to meet the top managers of Amazon Launchpad and Facebook. This led to being featured on Facebook's Boost My Business, And we're selling more than 25% of all our kits on Amazon because of Kevin. When I pitched to the Sharks, we'd made $200,000 in sales. In just a year and a half since "Shark Tank," we've done $3.5 million in sales. I love cats because they're customers now. They're fantastic. I invested in Anna for Anna. She's so good at promoting her products. She has built that business tenfold since "Shark Tank." Skaya: Our goal is to be a cat health company. We're doing important work in feline cancer, feline diabetes, in the hopes of helping create therapeutics to make sure that our cats are staying healthy. With 100 million cats in America, more people learning about this product is what matters. More social media. There's 100 million customers. That's a fantastic market. Absolutely. O'Leary: One thing I've learned about the whole Basepaws experience is people love their pets, and I think what Anna's done is allowed people to learn more about an animal they can't actually communicate with. But now they can through DNA. They can there forecast the future of how to keep it healthier longer and give it a better life in their own home. Skaya: I feel so proud to be here talking about our growth over the last year and a half. So many times I looked at this company and thought, "Can we really do it?" But between our team, our community, our pet parents, we have really proven that there is a huge market in the cat business. ♪♪ Narrator: Next up is a solution for our sedentary lifestyles. ♪♪ Hi, Sharks. My name is Bing Howenstein, and I'm the CEO of All33. I'm here today to ask for $500,000 for a 2.5% ‐‐ Hello. Corcoran: Wow. ...piece of our company. Bing, baby! I know it is a very serious ask, but that's because it is for a very serious problem ‐‐ chairs. They may be killing you. Now, you've all heard, sitting is the new smoking. Well, they are right. Sitting for any length and period of time is really bad for you, and chairs, well, they've had the same basic design for almost 3,000 years. Whatever you're sitting in, even the fancy expensive chairs you guys are sitting in right now, you can find yourself locked, stuck, immobile, and, a lot of times, in pain. And for all of us working at home these days, this is just not okay. Well, I have some really good news for you. Corcoran: Oh! [ Chuckles ] Whoa! All33 is here to save the day, but don't just take it from me. Let's hear what one of our biggest fans has to say. Hey, Sharks. I'm Justin Bieber, and this is the All33. It's the chair that moves like I do. I mean, guys, look at this perfect posture. Got my chest up, my shoulders back. I'm ready for anything. I mean, have you guys ever seen a chair that can do this? I'm doing a full ab workout right now. Alright. Hit me up later. I'll be back. If you got to sit, this is it. Now, Justin knows what he's talking about because this is our patented Sit‐In‐Motion Technology. It's like a chair within a chair, and it rocks, just like our sales. Now, you don't have to have moves like Justin in order for this chair to work for you, because all you have to do is sit, get fit, and All33 of your vertebrae, well, they're going to keep moving all day. Now, this is a chair. Now, Mr. Wonderful... Yes. ...you're looking particularly uncomfortable. I am. Would you like to come up and take a seat... I would. ...and see what we're talking about? I have a bad back from a squash injury. Oh, well, then, let's see what happens. Howenstein: Make sure you get your behind all the way into the back of the chair. Scooch back there. Alright. And you can probably feel the rocking motion move back and forth. Very interesting. Why is this making me sit up straight? Why does that happen? So, the patents that we have about this are really quite unique. Basically, Dr. Dennis Colonello, who invented this, he's been doing this for a long, long time ‐‐ he's got 45 years of treating backs, necks, and everything else ‐‐ he figured out, let's get your hips moving, almost as if ‐‐ what you're experiencing is a sensation that's almost like you're standing, but when you're sitting. It is moving all 33 of your vertebrae while you're sitting, and there's nothing else in the world that is doing it. I'm very skeptical about all these claims on chairs 'cause I've tried so many, and I also have tried different devices to help my back. This thing actually is working. I don't care about Bieber. I'm going to kick his ass when my album comes out. [ Laughs ] I don't like your valuation, though. Well, we can talk about that. Yeah. I would expect that from you. Tell us, how did you get into this, and what happened? So, I have been a patient of Dr. Colonello's for about 20 years and then friend. I'm also a bit of a serial entrepreneur. I got into making products and getting products sold. Along the way, I got into the back care space. When I sat on Dennis' chair, an early prototype, I said, "This is a whole different ball game." But I knew that Dennis was never going to get this thing going. As a friend, I said, "Let me help you. I'm going to do a Kickstarter for you." So, we did that. It performed very well. What's very well? We did $800,000. That's very well. That's great. Did you license it from him? Are you partners with him? Howenstein: No, no, no. I own a small piece of it. How much of the company do you own? I own about 5%. So, a premium chair in today's market sells for roughly $2,000, a real premium chair. What does this sell for? We're selling this for $799. What's your margin? What's it cost you to make? So, our margin's around 67%. Our cost delivered to a customer with all that good stuff is about 260 bucks. 2.5%. $500,000. $20 million valuation. Yep. How many chairs are you selling? How many dollars? So, this year alone, we've sold about 3.2 million. We're on track to hit five and a half. Okay, and what are you going to make on five and a half? So, we were slightly profitable in the second quarter, and we expect to be the same in this third quarter. I mean, just help me because, you know, I'm a quick study in most sectors... Sure. ...office supply, furniture, or even, if you want to call this high‐end chair design, whatever. Maybe it would trade for 11 times pretax cash flow. I mean, I'm not saying it isn't a great chair, but it's a chair. Yeah. Why is it worth $20 million? We are looking at comps for other companies that are out there in a very similar space that are three to four times revenue. We know we're going to get there. We have also talked to the market. Not my opinion. 20 million bucks is a pretty good valuation. So, then why are you here? Why am I here? If you talked to so many people that gave you that valuation, why are you here? Because Shark money is better than other money. So, you're charging us more than... No... your sales because we're Sharks? I'm prepared to give you a discount because you guys are Sharks. Can you give a discount? I am the CEO of the company, and I'm here to make a deal. You're a marketing company, first and foremost. You've got your product, right? It's got its angle. It's got its differentiation. Sure. And that's good, right? I just don't want to be in the chair business. Sure. You know? It's just ‐‐ Of all the businesses, big and small, not that there's anything wrong with the chair business, but it's just not for me. Okay. So, for those reasons, I'm out. That's fair. Thank you. If you had come in here today and you wanted to sell me a chair, you're the perfect guy. But you weren't here to sell a chair. You here to sell a business. Correct. And you said you're a 5% owner? Correct. I, for some reason, feel it lacks credibility. Okay. I think that's a good lesson for other entrepreneurs. You can't send a salesman in. Well, with all due respect, this is my life right now, and to ‐‐ it's a bit of a denigration to call me a simple salesman on this deal. Barbara's very good at pissing everybody off. Well, that's fair, and you can do that. But the fact is, that is not what is happening here. I'm here to build a company. We are building a movement in a category that hasn't been done before. We're going up against the big guys that, you know, frankly, it's a fractured system that I look forward to breaking. I wish I could believe that you're building a category, but I don't see that as a category. I see it as a chair with a new design element. Well ‐‐ It doesn't get me all excited. So for that reason, I'm out. Thank you. Greiner: The problem for me is whenever somebody comes in and they have something different that can really be good, but they're just starting... Yeah. ...and they want to get a Shark, I always feel the smart thing to do is to be a lot smarter about your valuation, because if you get somebody in and alongside with you, you could take a one‐off item like this and blow it up, which is what I'm good at. Sure. So, if you had had something that was just more realistic ‐‐ because I just feel it's so out of whack. For me, it just turns me off. And for that reason, unfortunately, I'm out. That's fair. There is a competitor company that just had a $200 million valuation on, you know, just a little higher sales. I actually work with one of the bigger guys, Varidesk. Sure. And the whole theory is the desks raise up and the chairs that they sell are a little pole, a chair, so you have to balance yourself. Sure. This would be a conflict with me. So I'm out. I started choking on the valuation, and I'm still choking on it. Okay. I tried the chair, and it has merit. But 500K for 2.5%? I don't get out of bed for 2.5%. Bing, I can't do it. Well, I'm more than happy to have you on a higher place in the cap table, with just a little more money. I don't want to beat you up. My routine would be to squeeze your head like a teenage pimple, and I feel like doing that... [ Laughs ] ...but I don't want to, so I'm out. Okay. Thank you very much. I will buy one, though. Well, you're going to have to pay full price this time. I guess I will. Oh. Bam! Alright. Thank you, Bing. To have Barbara just call me a salesman, I think that was a bit offensive, and I don't think any entrepreneur wants to hear that. When you put your blood, sweat, and tears into something, I find that particularly, you know, not cool. ♪♪ Narrator: Next up is a product to spice up your life. ♪♪ ♪♪ Both: Hey, Sharks! I'm Jennifer. And I'm Michael. And we're here to turn you on with His & Her Bar. An aphrodisiac bar. And we're seeking $50,000 in exchange for 10% equity in our company. But Sharks, how about a little music to get you in the mood? One, two, three, hit it. [ Rapping ] ♪ His & Her Bar, baby, 'bout to represent ♪ [ Laughter ] ♪ Every ingredient, aphrodisiac ♪ ♪ All natural and spicy, just a little hint ♪ ♪ Vegan and gluten free, not a coincidence ♪ ♪ Bring couples together, so provident ♪ ♪ Not a small time, bro, we're going monument ♪ ♪ Package looking so plush, so opulent ♪ ♪ Best money in the world that I ever spent ♪ ♪ Partner up with a Shark, that's a compliment ♪ ♪ Wake up in the morning, do it all again ♪ ♪ Whoo! ♪ Wow. Let me break it down for you real quick. His & Her Bar is the most fun... Sexy, interactive food product around town. We use seven aphrodisiac super foods that will stimulate sexual desire and bring you and your partner closer together. Okay, that's what I'm talking about. Our bars will want to make you have sexy times and do the mattress mambo. Or should we say the pants‐off dance‐off. [ Laughs ] And based on our personal experience, let's just say... Both: These bars work! So, Sharks, one more time for you. ♪ Our bars or will make you move around the set, set ♪ ♪ We're looking for $50,000 at 10% ♪ ♪ Best money in the world that you'll ever spend ♪ So, Sharks, for your tasting pleasure, we have some sexy treats for you. Oh, yeah. Cuban: That's pretty good. So, you can pick up your bar, and we'll do a little cheers. Cheers. Cheers. O'Leary: Cheers. Cuban: Cheers. John: Cheers! I'm nervous Barbara's gonna jump me. [ Laughter ] Jennifer: So, as you're consuming the bar, it's going to have a creamy consistency with an earthy and nutty flavor. That's gonna come from the ‐‐ Oh, it's spicy, too. Got a little spice in there. Exactly. Is there any difference in the formulation between his and hers? All the ingredients collectively are good for him and for her. It is really spicy, though. Yeah, so, you're going to have a little hint of cayenne at the end. When you get to where you get that little hint ‐‐ Little hint? No, that's a spice. That's a spice? How many calories are we talking about here? So, the bar has 220 calories. Cuban: Damn. That's a lot of calories. Whoa! It's all natural, though. It doesn't taste so sweet, though, at all. Well, you're going to burn those calories off. Exactly. Maca ‐‐ Actually, maca is a Peruvian sweet root vegetable, and in Peru, maca is known as the Peruvian Viagra. So, it really just depends. Really? Yeah. How much maca is in this? Michael: So, for each bar, there's 0.7 ounces of maca per bar. How much in advance do you eat it, and are you suggesting somebody should eat a whole one? So, it's meant to be like a lifestyle bar. So, with Michael and I, like, we like to enjoy it together. We call it sexy snack time. And, you know, sexy snack time doesn't always have to mean that it's going to allude to sex, right? It's about that connection, and right now in today's world, people are craving that connection. Do you have children? We don't. We do not have children. Well, that explains an awful lot. A whole lot. Can you tell me how you came up with the idea? It's crazy. So I served in the Navy. Thank you for your service. Thank you for your service. Michael: Thank you. I appreciate it. So, fast forward to 2015, we live in South Florida, and I get hired on as a firefighter. And one of the things I was excited about being a firefighter was the brotherhood, the connection. Maybe I remembered that from my time in the military. And as a few months went by, I started to notice that I couldn't connect with the people in the department. So, a few months pass. Chief brings me in the office and he lets me go for basically not being able to fit in with the crew. And I'll never forget, I'm on my way home that day, and I hadn't even told Jennifer what happened, and I'm trying to figure everything out, and I go to get gas for the car, and on the top of the gas pump is a rock, and there's writing on the rock, and the rock said ‐‐ I picked the rock up and it said, "Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly." True story. True story. So, you get home to Jennifer, you say, "I met a rock, and it talked to me." I said, "Babe." And she said, "I got to dump this guy." [ Laughs ] I know, right? It's kind of cheesy for a firefighter. You know what, though? We're very serendipitous. So, a little bit about myself. I graduated from the University of South Carolina, and I went to the wonderful world of corporate America and soon to find out that it was not for me. I did really well in the job, but something was missing. So in 2015, I left my six‐figure corporate job, I cashed in my 401k and my savings, and I went all in to start an activewear brand. Oh, no competition there. [ Chuckles ] Yeah, well, exactly. I learned a lot of lessons. But Michael's job, when he was doing his job right, it was supporting us because it was money in, money out. It was a very capital intensive business. So, basically when Michael lost his job, we needed to pivot. So, we ended up selling our house because it was about to go into foreclosure. Oh, my. We moved across country from South Florida to Scottsdale, Arizona, to basically hit the reset button. So, in January 2019, I wrote down an intention to create a product that would be regularly consumed and better the lives of other people. Is that this product? This is this product. Okay, so... But we didn't launch until June this year. Reason being ‐‐ So, let's talk sales. So, we have sold 500 bars. How many dollars is that? A little over $2,000. I just went limp. $2,000? You got to be kidding. So, let me just tell you right now. So... Oh, my ‐‐ $2,000?! Okay, we knew you would say that, Mr. Wonderful. We were waiting for this moment. $2,000?! Kevin, how excited are you right now? I'm not! Have we forgotten what we're in right now? I'm not trying to come up with excuses, but we are in the middle of a very challenging time in business, right? But you knew the problems that were out there, Jennifer, 'cause you've been through a launch before with your activewear, right? Jennifer: Totally. And you know how expensive it is and you know how important it is to have a receptive market. Why did you launch it at all and why not wait? Good question. So we were actually working in a restaurant while we were building our business. And so, in March, we got furloughed. Even worse. Even worse, I mean, because now you have to buy inventory. Right? You have to do marketing. That's obviously why we're here, right? We need to be able to build the brand recognition. I think you need a job. Cuban: You do need a job. No, I mean ‐‐ This is our full‐time job right now. That's not good, guys. You've already had to downsize. You've already had to sell your house. Yeah. You're allowed to have a job while you have a company, and you can still be completely committed to your company. I worked as a bartender at night. Yeah. I worked at Red Lobster for five years while I started FUBU. Michael, this is just too early for an investment. And I have to relate to a product. I just don't relate to it, and I'm out. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate it. You know, I probably need this product more than any other woman on Earth. I haven't had a sexual thought in probably 30 years. [ Laughter ] But I'm going to try this product. But I want to address something other than the product. I've noticed a lot of people start businesses after they're fired, as though that's also a rock or a message that you get. Like, "Oh, I should be working for myself." It doesn't mean that at all. It's supposed to mean, "I should get another job." I really wish you the best of luck, but I'm out. We have enough expenses to cover our living expenses for the rest of our lease. Greiner: Let me talk to that, okay? Okay. So, every entrepreneur thinks they're going to create the next best thing. But you have to remember something. Not every idea you have is going to be that perfect winner right out of the gate. But you keep creating, and you have no idea if that next thing is going to be your million dollar idea, because it could be. And I'm a firm believer, and I've seen it happen a lot. But because I don't think this one's your million dollar idea, I'm sorry, I'm out. O'Leary: This isn't a business yet. One of you has to get a job just to have the safety net. ♪♪ Just ‐‐ [ Sighs ] Just tell the story. You got it. It's okay. Can I ‐‐ Can I ‐‐ Can I ‐‐ Can I... God, I just want to ‐‐ Can I just tell you a story? Narrator: Three Sharks are out. Michael is getting emotional pitching his and Jennifer's aphrodisiac bar, His & Her. Michael: [ Voice breaking ] God, I just want to ‐‐ Can I just tell you a story? When I was growing up, I want to be a firefighter, and I go through the fire academy and I fail, and I'm determined, right? So, about a few months before... ...I'm supposed to go into my second fire academy, I start ‐‐ I start getting these headaches and, um, I don't know where they're coming from. And I go to the VA, right? I get it checked out, you know? And the next day, they call me back and they tell me that they found a small brain aneurysm. And I still have it right now. Look, Michael, you got to remember something ‐‐ as entrepreneurs, we fail multiple times, multiple times, over and over again. I've lost millions of dollars with bad ideas I didn't know were bad 'til I realized they didn't work. The hallmark of an entrepreneur ‐‐ you've got to pick yourselves up and you got to get going again. You know what? I understand. We're over here and you're over there, and we need more than just finance, and we need more than just connections. We need mentorships. We need a strategic partner. This is what we need. I'm staying focused on the fact that this is an investment opportunity. I'm not saying you're not fantastic people, but this is not investable. I'm out. What I'll tell you is that we have grit. I've been called crazy, delusional, that I need to, you know, I need to give up, right? If I gave up, I wouldn't be here today. Cuban: Look, guys, how much do you have in inventory? We make as we go. Smart. Look, you're in the circumstances you're in. I don't question your heart. I don't question your desire. I don't question your authenticity. Every one of us has had our backs against the wall. I can't tell you how many times I was so stressed, if ate 50 of these, it wouldn't change my sex life. But things happen. So you'll figure out your personal side. You'll figure out the job side of it. Right? You don't need to spend any more money on this. So, keep on fighting like you're fighting, build to order. You guys can do this. I'm not going to invest because you're not ready. In your lives, you're not ready yet. Product wise, you're not ready yet. So, guys, I'm out. Good luck, guys. Alright. Just so you guys know, one thing really quick is that we didn't get to talk about the vision for the brand. It's not just a one‐hit wonder. We're going to be doing other bars. At this point, that's not what it's about. Not for any of us, because it's got to be investable. O'Leary: I wish you the best of luck, okay? John: Good luck, guys. Cuban: Good luck, guys. Alright, that's it. Greiner: Good luck, and good luck with your health. ♪♪ Obviously, we didn't get a deal, and it hurts, but at the end of the day, like, we're fighters. We know this is going to be okay. Like, we're going to get through it. We've gotten through so much together that we're the, like, poster children of just pushing through no matter what. Yeah. So, it doesn't matter what happened today. I'm a big believer that everything happens for a reason and we're just thankful for this opportunity, and we know that it's going to get us exactly where we're meant to be. Narrator: Next into the Tank is a product to take your victories to the next level. ♪♪ Hello, Sharks. My name is Matt Walsh, and I am addicted to winning. And I'm Dax Holt, and I fully support his addiction. And we are here seeking $600,000 for 8% of our company, TrophySmack. Over 50 million Americans pour their hearts and souls into fantasy sports every year for a chance at victory. Friends battle it out for months on end, smack talking one another, investing ridiculous amounts of time and energy for the winner to walk away with what, empty bragging rights, a generic Little League trophy? I don't know about you, Sharks, but when I win, I want everyone to know. And that is why we created TrophySmack, the best place to get the most unique and customizable fantasy sports trophies, blinged‐out rings, and over‐the‐top championship belts. I mean, imagine walking into your next draft party with this bad boy on your shoulder. Whoo! So, it's super simple. You go to our website, you choose your sport, then your size and your color. There are literally thousands of trophy combinations to choose from to create your very own dream trophy. So, we understand how important winning is here inside the Tank. So, we went ahead and we custom‐designed trophies for each one of you Sharks. Wow. So, go ahead and unveil the greatness next to you. Wow. I like mine. A golden slipper. O'Leary: A bull and bear. Stock market, baby. Wall Street. Cuban: I actually like the one I already have that's in my office. [ Laughter ] How did you guys come up with this? So, it happened in the most organic way. Credit card out, looking for something awesome. I'm in the finals. I'm the new guy in the league with all the dad friends, and it didn't exist. So, just joking with the guys, I said, "Hey, guys. I wanted to just get a six‐foot trophy, and I wanted to ride it in like a pony to show you guys how much I obliterated you all. But since it doesn't exist, I have to start my own now." But I don't get why that doesn't exist. I have ordered trophies for my business my whole life, every type of trophy. Why couldn't you use a regular trophy house? What's the difference here? So, the trophies that exist today, just sort of that same antique‐looking ‐‐ Yeah, with the guy with the ‐‐ you know, standing on top. Exactly. Everyone was kind of selling the same thing, so when we came onto the scene, we were the first company where we had the ability for someone to change the colors on the fly, change the side on the fly. John: That does look cool, I will say. Did you design it? We design everything. So, what are your backgrounds? Professor of mine gave me invaluable advice. He said, "Matt, if you want to be a really successful entrepreneur, you need to get into supply chain and logistics to really figure out how businesses operate and how they function and execute." So, first job out of college, I took a job at a freight brokerage. I rose to the top of the company in two years. Wow. I was the number one salesperson in the company. Cuban: It brings up a good lesson for people. Whatever you're doing, be the best at it. Be the best at it, yeah. Because once you're the best at something, every door opens up and then you learn where you can be a great entrepreneur. So, good for you for focusing on being great at what you did. Absolutely. My background is completely the opposite. I come from TV and film doing entertainment news, "TMZ." How much did you invest in this business to get it going? We invested $250,000. Whoa. Wow. That's a lot of money. Why do you have to invest that much to get this going? That's not messing around. What is it you spent your money on? Walsh: So, in the beginning, we started small. Initially, it was a $60,000 injection, and in the first three weeks of getting into the fantasy football draft season, sold out of everything. What's the average cost? The average price is about $150, $160. What does it cost you to make it? Our average profit margin is 80%. 80%? Wow. Wow. Dang. Can you walk through the revenue growth first year, what you sold, what you made? So, Year 1, January 2018, we did $850,000 of revenue. Amazing. Your first year? Wow. What did you make? What did you make on the 850? The first year, we had about a $200,000 net that we just rolled right into inventory for Year 2. Okay. And then next year ‐‐ '19? And then, Year 2, 2019, we did $1.9 million. Wow. Okay, and you made what on that? We had $775,000 gross profit, and we netted around $500,000. And this year, what are you going to do? Year to date? Walsh: So, in spite of the pandemic, our revenues year to date are up over last year. We've done $650,000 revenue so far. The opportunity for us is a lot broader than fantasy. So, corporate awards, employee recognition, U sports. But there has to be a ton of competition in that space. A ton. There's a reason why no one in the trophy and award space has really taken a national approach on e‐commerce. The traditional way of building trophies is crazy. The assembly process in our first year ‐‐ Was a nightmare. Assembly was more expensive than cost of goods. The way that we developed our columns, the assembly time was cut down by 90%. Now I get it. You're a logistics guy. Yeah. Everybody else in this space can't do what you do because anybody else would take years to get up to speed to where you are. Correct. Yeah. Okay, guys, so I really respect people who play sports. People that are sports fans, I kind of respect them. Fantasy guys ‐‐ whew. [ Laughter ] So, let me tell you a story. I was trying to date this really hot woman. I didn't realize she never had a date on Sunday 'cause these morons were so busy watching sports. So, no matter where I was at in the world, I would make sure that I got to New York on Sunday to take out this smoking hot woman. And I remember her telling me, you know, "I really don't like guys who like sports 'cause, you know, I'm alone on Sundays." And I said, "I will never watch a sports game my entire life if you marry me," and I'm married now. That's awesome. So... I'm out. [ Laughter ] Thank you. Guys, look, I'm going to make you an offer. I'll give you $600,000 for 25% of the business, and my value is to try and work it into the corporate market, which isn't that easy. But wait a minute. Wait a minute. What do you want the money for, and what is it that you need? We're looking for a strategic partner, right? We don't want to just continue doubling every year. We want to 10x. Matt, what would the strategic partner bring you? So, whether it's opening up the doors at arenas for products within the stadiums, right, commemorative rings. Are you here just for Cuban? I think so. No, we are not. What do you want to do, Mark? What is Mark doing? Cuban: So, guys, I mean, I like what you're doing. I like the fact that you're hustlers, right, and you're looking to touch all the pieces and you're just following the money. The question is, 8% isn't enough. I'll make you an offer. I'll offer you the $600,000 but I want... 17%. Appreciate the offer. Thank you very much. And it's either a yes or no, because ‐‐ No, I'm going to make you an offer. There you go. Then I'm out. Whoa! That was a fast yes or no. Corcoran: You didn't even answer. That's unfair. Shot clock. Shot clock. Shot clock. Whoa. Mark, they didn't even answer her. That's not fair. You might as well. Cuban: Unless you want to say yes, you know. So it's your decision, right? So I'll tell you my offer. I'll tell you my offer. Let's take the deal. Deal. Done. Let's go. Holt: Deal. Alright, Lori. John: Aw. That was like taking candy from a baby. I had such a good offer for you. You should be ashamed of yourself. He put us on the spot too hard. You know what? It's good to be the king. [ Laughter ] Yeah, buddy! [ Laughs ] Dream since the beginning, man. I've been watching "Shark Tank" since Season 1. This is surreal. We're partners with Mark Cuban! [ Both laugh ] ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 