Shark Tank: Season 12, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Shark Tank 
 s12e11 - Episode #12.11 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Shark Tank (2009–…): Season 12, Episode 11 - Episode #12.11 - full transcript 
 Low carb snack; all-in-one portable coffee product; herbal flavored water 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Tonight on "Shark Tank," Daniel Lubetzky, the founder of the groundbreaking snack company KIND, returns to the Tank. Are you or your parents from Ghana? Yes. Were you born on Wednesday? Yeah. How does he know this stuff? Necessity is the fairy godmother of invention. Who's "eggcited"? Here it is! Oh. Ohh! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Oh, my goodness. Are you kidding? You think this is worth $10 million? Guys, I've doubled the amount of cash you're getting. Lori, are you in on this deal with me? You're kicking Daniel to the curb? Yes, I'm throwing him under the bus. I'm using my social media to back this. I'm offended. It's stupid. First into the Tank is a high‐protein option for snackers. Hi, Sharks. I'm Nick Hamburger. I'm Zack Schreier. We're here from Chicago, Illinois, seeking $200,000 in exchange for 5% "egguity" 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 in our venture Quevos. Sharks, sometimes it's the snacks we love dearly that hurt us the most. When people realize that their favorite snacks aren't healthy, they often experience the five stages of grief. First, we see denial, where we just can't handle the truth. Potato chips are veggies, right? Then comes anger. Empty calories! White flour! After that, there's bargaining, where we hold on to false hope. Blue corn tortilla chips? I mean, come on, these ‐‐ these have got to be healthier than yellow corn tortilla chips, right? Fourth, we see depression. What's the point of snacking when you always get hurt? And finally, Sharks, we see acceptance. We make peace with the fact that our favorite snacks will never be healthy for us. Now, Sharks, that's where we come in. We've created the healthy snack to save people from this vicious snacking cycle. Quevos! Quevos! Quevos are the world's first‐ever chips made from egg whites. This is the snack that's both delicious and healthy. Wow. Quevos are packed with eight grams of protein and four grams of fiber in every serving. And our keto flavors only have four net carbs per bag. The days of starchy, fried, and processed snacks made from potatoes and tortillas are done. Now, Sharks, who's "eggcited" to crack out of their shell with Quevos? Who wants to try some samples? - Love to. Tell us what we have. - Absolutely. So here we have our two classic flavors, cheddar and sweet barbecue, and then two of our keto flavors, sour cream and onion and dill pickle. Taste good. We have over 500 five‐star reviews on Amazon out of 800 reviews. I love them. Oh, so glad to hear that. That's awesome. Tasty and light. Yeah, I really do. They have the same amount of calories as normal chips. Exactly. But much more volume. It's better than a typical snack. With all that fiber and protein, you walk away from each bag feeling much more satisfied. How long ago did you launch this? Yeah, so we launched this in 2018. We did a Kickstarter. We raised $72,000... Wow. ...and started launching retail later that year. And what did you sell last year? $260,000 in sales last year. Wow. Wow. This year we've done $660,000 through the first seven months, on pace for $1.3 million. And what percentage is online? Just use this year. So 80% of our sales are online, 20% in retail, where we're in 400 stores. Tell me what it costs you to make one bag like this and what you sell them for. Sure, so it costs us 83 cents to make a bag. We sell to distributors for $1.50, online for $2.50 to $3. And then the price that we see at the end of the day after referral fees are $2.49. That's also the MSRP. The process is all automated now with a co‐packer? We manufacture ourselves, actually. We have a unique process, and so we kind of had to scale it ourselves. We talk to co‐packers, and we will continue to speak with them as we grow. But so far, the quotes they've given us have been up to two times our cost. How do you make it? So we can tell you it's not fried. That's the most important part, but it is a proprietary and novel process. So we can't disclose the details. It's baked, right? It's not. I'm just wondering - how two chicken dudes figured this out. - It's not? I guess it all started 10 years ago. So, I was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes, and I went from being a kid who loved to snack all the time, didn't think about it, to being somebody that had to watch every single carb I put into my body. And I realized one day those crispy pieces of egg white that coated the pan when I made an omelet, they crunched kind of like chips. I thought, "Hey, maybe I can make a chip out of this." And that took myself ‐‐ That's a great call right there, 'cause that crunchy stuff is good. Fast‐forward about eight years, as we're going to college. I revisited the idea, called Nick up, and we got to work on it. I am the CEO. We have seven full time on production. What does Zack do all day long? When we really got going our sophomore year of college, I took one year off of Williams College to basically get this product from concept to finished, shelf‐ready products. Now, Nick and I talk about strategy. I sit on the board. But you have a different job. I'm back at Williams College now. Are you guys both out of college? Or one's in, one's out? Yeah, so after my sophomore year, I dropped out of University of Chicago. And so now I've had two years full time on this business, and ‐‐ You haven't even finished college yet? Yeah. How old are you guys? Wow. 22. ‐22? ‐You're kidding? Yeah. Nick, how much money have you raised? $1.6 million to date. Wow. Who did you raise that from and for how much? Kraft Heinz invested a little bit. Come on. Yeah. How did you get introduced to them? We were in their incubator program. We were actually the only pre‐revenue brand ever accepted to their incubator. You two are two impressive... Very much ...guys. Zack and Nick, 83 cents cost of production per bag is pretty high. What's your ideal price point that you're targeting? At the end of the day, $1.99 a bag we think would be the lowest we need to go. Well, you're definitely smart to start higher, because once you start low, you can never go up. But if you start high, you can always go down. Exactly. So who came up with the name? We were thinking of "eggs" in other languages. We thought of "huevos," and then someone's like, "Well, they're quick huevos. They're eggs on the go." And so we combined "quick" and "huevos." So it's Spanglish. Yeah, it's cute. What about marketing? How much have you guys been spending on marketing and where? So online we usually spend about $20,000 a month on marketing. Last month, we did $90,000 online sales. So we're seeing a good return. Zack, I think you guys probably two of the youngest, most impressive people we've ever had out here. But I don't like the taste. I know you're gonna do well. It's just not for me. I'm out. Thank you so much, Robert. No worries. I love this deal. I mean, the story ‐‐ the innovation from the fried eggs, I love that. You're not loving the pricing. I mean ‐‐ No, I don't. I tell you what. I'd structure a little differently. In this case, I would do this deal for $200,000 and I'd put a royalty of 10 cents a bag until I get back $400,000. Wait, wait, wait for it. But I would only take 2.5% equity. So I get to participate. You get into the "Shark Tank" Dome of Desire, as I call it. I would help you on digital like crazy. I would prefer to sell this direct to customer than through Amazon. Work together with my companies to go direct. We are killing it direct. What's your vision? What do you ‐‐ What would be success for you? Yeah, our hope is to sell the company on a three‐ to five‐year timeline. Why? We've seen in this space, it can be perilous to hang on to your brand the bigger it grows, because the big guys will at some point either want to buy you or knock you off. I actually don't blame you for having a very well‐thought‐through answer. But the problem that Mr. Wonderful mentioned is a serious one. 5% is very hard to justify. The valuation's pretty crazy. We came into the Tank hoping not to give away too much equity at this stage. But, you know, it's worth it to give more than 5% to have you on board. We'd be willing to come up to 10%. Even for more cash, you wouldn't go to 15%, 20%? We could consider an offer, but, you know, our goal was to minimize the dilution. At the same time, we really want you involved and want you ‐‐ You know, if a Shark gets involved, we want them to be motivated and really bought in, so... - You guys are so solid. - I know. Thank you. Like, I'm just sitting here. It's a pleasure watching you guys. Zack and Nick, I'm going to make you an offer. I'll do $200,000 for 10%. Thank you so much for the offer. Would you mind if Nick and I talked about it for a minute? I don't mind. Don't forget the other offer. Does anyone else ‐‐ Would anyone else like to ‐‐ Greiner: And listen, I will tell you something. I'm already your customer. Awesome. I love it. I think Daniel's a perfect partner for you. I don't. I think Mr. Wonderful is. I think Daniel's a perfect partner for you. For those reasons, I'm out. Thank you so much, Lori. Thank you, Lori. But we haven't heard from Mr. Cuban. So the question I have is, what comes next? Exit is great, right? My whole goal when I started was to retire by the time I was 35, because the one thing you can never buy is time. Right? So I don't mind that at all. But I have a feeling that you guys have more on your mind in terms of breadth of product line in order to make this a brand, like Daniel's alluding to. So that's what I'd like to hear. I think we view egg whites as really the cornerstone of the brand. They let us make things that are crunchy, delicious, high in protein. What else can you make with egg whites? Quite a lot, so you can make puffs, protein cookies. Guys, you wanted to go talk. I just want to tell you, I can't do less than 10%. That's my floor number, so... And I'll make it easier for you guys. I think you don't have that one slam‐dunk thing, so you always have to get people to sample. That's gonna be a challenge. So for those reasons, I'm out. Well, thank you, Mark. Okay, thank you, Mark. You still have two fantastic offers. I really like Mr. Wonderful's. He's a great guy. And the Kraft Heinz guys love me. Just want you to know that. Good to know. You have two offers. What are you gonna do? Three Sharks are out. But Zack and Nick have two offers on the table for their egg‐white chips, Quevos. You have two offers. What are you gonna do? So we'd love to counter to Daniel first just because of all of your experience with KIND. And so we're gonna counter with 300K and a line of credit for that 10% stake. How much of a line of credit? Maybe a $200,000 line of credit or purchase‐order funding. Can you go up on the percentage equity? We'd prefer to come down on the cash to $250,000 in that case. Here's what I'll do. I'll give you $200,000 investment and a $200,000 line of credit for a 10% stake. What was the other counter? How about it? How about you just say yes? - No, I want to hear the other offer. - Bird in the hand. Daniel, would it be okay if we shared the other counter with Kevin? Yeah, of course it is. I don't think so. No. I give you that permission. That's true. That's true. $250,000. Guys, I've doubled the amount of cash you're getting. If you're not sufficiently excited, I think I'm going to come out. How about just 300K for 10%, none of the credit? Guys, the numbers, I'm really doing ‐‐ Can you give me 12%? How about 10% plus 2% advisory shares, $300,000? That's too high. That's too high. $200,000, 200K line of credit, 10%. You'd rather do that than $300,000 and 12%? Yeah. We got a deal? Daniel, how about what you said prior to our counter? $200,000, $200,000 line of credit, 10%? You got a deal. Alright! ‐Oh, yeah. ‐Good job. - You guys are gonna kill it. - You did a great deal. Well done. Thank you so much, Daniel. Thank you, guys. Looking forward to working with you. Well done, guys. Good job, guys. Alright. Whoo! That's crazy. We made a deal. With Daniel, too. That's unbelievable. Yeah. Oh, my gosh. Wow. We just pitched on "Shark Tank." We're only 22 years old. We've been coming up with different businesses our whole lives and wanting to run them together. And so the fact that we got to go on "Shark Tank" together and get a deal from Daniel, who's a giant in the food industry, it's a boy's dream. In Season 11, Cassidy Crowley made a deal with Lori Greiner for her hybrid teether and baby spoon, The Baby Toon. This is a great product. Let's see what she's up to now. Right after we aired on "Shark Tank," our sales grew overnight. Just within the first month, we had over $100,000 in sales. We like that. A few months after I made the deal with Cassidy, I went to Hawaii, and we decided that Munchkin was gonna be our goal. Munchkin is one of the world leaders in baby and children products. They were her dream, and they've been a dream to work with, as well. To work with you and my favorite Shark, Lori, was a dream come true. And we are now proud to tell you it will be in over 5,000 stores. So exciting! Munchkin is now handling product development, distribution, manufacturing, and so much more. I can still design new products, and I'm on the back of every Baby Toon sold. Oh, my gosh, look! The Baby Toon is now in Target, Walmart, and also in online stores like Amazon and the Munchkin website. For every Baby Toon sold, we donate to the International Fund of Animal Welfare. Some of our sales will go to protect animals and their habitats. I think Cassidy's going to set the world on fire. I think she'll do great things for humanity and not only for herself, but for others. Now I have more time to do stuff that I enjoy doing, like going surfing and dancing hula. And it also allows me to come up with new ideas in the future. This experience has taught me that anyone in the world has the opportunity to create their own business. Just getting to experience all this, it's just a dream come true. Next up is a way to get the freshest cup of coffee on the go. Hi, Sharks. I'm Kweku Larbi. I'm about to introduce you to the most revolutionary, most innovative coffee maker that will change the game entirely. - Are you guys ready for this? - Yes. Here it is! Oh. Ohh! Whoo! Oh, my gosh! You think that piece of junk is gonna change the game of coffee? You're crazy! You're probably wondering, who's this guy who's been sitting in a coffee cup for the last hour? My name's Ross Smith. I'm a social media influencer. I have over 45 million followers across all platforms. And my mission is to make the world smile. Our friend Kweku created a solution that was so good that I had to partner up with them. And together, we both created the one and only Brumachen. The Brumachen is a single‐serve portable brewer that makes a hot cup of coffee at a push of a button. So no more waiting in long lines or stalling in drive‐throughs. I've taken the Brumachen all around the world ‐‐ in cabs, on boats, camping, you name it. It is extremely portable. It is. And now Kweku will show you how it works. Sharks, pay attention to the screen. First, you plug it in. You pour your water in. Doesn't matter temperature. You insert any single‐serve coffee pod. Oh, wow. And at a push of a button and a short five‐minute wait, guys, you have a fresh cup of coffee ready to go... Cool... anywhere, anytime. Now we'd like to ask you for $1 million in exchange for 10% equity in our company. And one cup of coffee. You know what? It's giving season. Two cups of coffee. Two cups of coffee! There we go. Who's sold? Well, Sharks, we're gonna make a brew right now. Ross, can you please get me a coffee pod from that tent? Huh. Oh, man. What the heck, Kweku?! Yeah, Ross, that's 1,000 coffee pods. That's the amount the average American will use this year when they use single‐serve plastic pods. Bro, this is so wasteful. It's absolutely wasteful. It's why at Brumachen, we didn't stop at one innovation. We went beyond. We created this. It's a biodegradable single‐serve coffee pod made out of materials like sugar cane and tree fibers. Guys, those pods take 450 years to biodegrade. This takes 180 days. We don't got time for that. Ain't nobody got time for that. No, man, that's messed up. Truly. Sharks, you have the opportunity to put your money into something that isn't just a product. It goes beyond that. It preserves the planet for the next generation. Well, Sharks, you ready to make Brumachen the next big thing? Kweku, are you or your parents from Ghana? Yes. Were you born on Wednesday? Yeah. How does he know this stuff? Wow. Magician right there. That's crazy. People from the Asante tribe, they name their children based on the day of the week that they're born. Exactly. So, guys, your coffee pod, you twist the top off, twist it in half. And twist it in half. Then you take your coffee pod, puncture it right in there. Push it in. Then take the nipple off. And you pour the water in. And twist really tight. Really tight. Yeah, you should feel it lock. And then we press the blue button. Yes, and then you press the power button. Tell me, how did you come up with this? Well, I work construction. I'm a civil engineer. So I was in a field with the guys in the winter. And I live in Indiana. Construction guys, they're out there in the freezing cold. And they had to go 10‐minute drive to get a cup of coffee and come back to the site. And that's like 20 minutes. If you multiply that by 10 workers, you're spending a pretty buck on coffee, you know. So my goal was, how do you bridge in between having a coffee machine at home and in an office? But when you're on the go in between those spaces, your only option is to buy. And I was like, we could make something that could actually keep that self‐brewing feature in coffee. So people can now do that with our machine. How much is it? It's $120 retail. And why does it cost you to make? $38. Do you have a patent? Yeah, I have a utility patent pending for both the pods and the machine. Can you tell us a little bit about how did you go from Ghana to Indiana? Well, I grew up in Ghana. At 17, I graduated from high school, and I decided I would chase a career of civil engineering in the United States. So I kind of kissed my family goodbye and I arrived in United States with $2,000 in my pockets. I arrived on campus in Cleveland State, and I ended up working a job scrubbing toilets in the morning at 5:30 a. m. To make money to keep myself going. Wow. So what is your role in this? You're a social media influencer? What do you do? So, yeah, a little bit of background about me. I over the last eight years have gotten billions of impressions and views and over 45 million followers. You look over here, my 94‐year‐old grandmother, who's my co‐star, - and we've been doing it together the whole entire time. - Oh, wow. Everything's with your grandma? Not everything, but she's my main star. So I have the ability to push products and push people. And that's kind of why I'm here. But what's your role in the company? I'm marketing. This is my brand. I'm using my social media to back this. I'm pushing it with all my might. For the last week, I got 100 million impressions just on my platforms. Well, then let's get to sales. We started on Kickstarter. We sold 600 units in January. Did you deliver the Kickstarter units yet? Yes, we have. You can tell it's designed by an engineer because it's all built around functionality as opposed to looks, right? Yes. It looks a little bit like a spaceship, right? I always say it looks like a camera lens. And that's what's missing. You did how much in revenue on your Kickstarter? $42,000. Just tell me your total sales. Okay, $42,000 to date. That's it? Yes, that's all we did. Mr. Wonderful. Please. Oh, my goodness. Are you kidding? You think this is worth $10 million? Absolutely. Now I'm gonna rip you to pieces. Are you out of your mind? Why would you think this is worth $10 million? Well, because just my push alone, I can get 100 million impressions in a week on my own. You can buy those. What does that have to do with anything? And I can sell ‐‐ I've already sold products. Can I monetize your impressions? Do I get money for that? You sold $42,000 worth. No, because we haven't done the push yet. That was just to see if the practicality was good. Exactly ‐‐ I haven't even jumped on. I had a product last year on e‐commerce that made $33,000. I brought it on. $9 million this year. Single‐serve, take it with you, portable, preserve the environment. That's all good. But like any product, it comes down to the actual design. Like, I started playing with it, and there's just too many moving pieces that you had to explain. You're asking for $1 million, and you haven't really shown us anything to say you deserve $1 million. So for those reasons, I'm out. Appreciate that. Appreciate that. I think it's a great product, horrible design. But let's put all that aside for a sec, because I love the concept, I love you. $1 million for 10%. The challenge when you ask for that kind of money and a $10 million valuation is you've gone out of the world of belief and theory and now you're in the world of proof. You have to give me proof that it's worth that. It's ridiculous. I'm out. You know what? It's still an early‐stage prototype. There's still a long journey, so your valuation and the amount of money you're asking is just very hard. And I'm actually, like, sad and upset because you have great energy. Yeah. - I love you guys. - It's so sad. I'd love to be, but you made it impossible for us. So I wish you the best. I'm out. It's clever. I think that always problem‐solution things are great, but today you came in asking for $1 million for 10%, and everybody said sort of the same thing. You guys, $1 million is so much money. ‐It's just too rich. ‐You can still do that. Is there a way to shift your deal? So, sadly, I'm out. Thank you. You know, I'm offended at this valuation. $10 million? That's obscene. That's ridiculous. It's stupid. And as a result, you're going to walk away with nothing. ‐That's ‐‐ ‐And so it's your mistake, not mine. Our goal is to have inventory. I'm here. I've got a million bucks. But you're not getting any of it, zero, or any from anybody else because of your mistake, your greed, your decision, your strategy, even with the Rosco Man there. It doesn't matter. Mr. Wonderful, I don't plan to pay myself for the next few years until this takes off. The goal of this is not to build wealth. Who cares if you're paying yourself? It's a million bucks. Anyways, guys, I'm out. Good luck, guys. Congrats, man. ‐I hope it all works. ‐Good luck, guys. ‐Thank you. ‐Thanks, Sharks. Appreciate the opportunity, too. Thank you, guys. ‐Good luck. ‐See you guys. ‐Thank you, guys. Appreciate it. ‐ The Sharks will definitely regret that, 'cause I do believe that not investing in us, they have lost a big deal. They might not know it now, but they will know it in the years to come. Next up are entrepreneurs who believe they have something unique to offer in a very crowded market. How's it going, Sharks? My name is Maddie. And I'm Paul. We're seeking $150,000 for 5% of our "fizz‐ness." We all know the sparkling water category is bubbling over right now, but nearly every brand has the same boring flavors, uninspired packaging, and often artificial ingredients. Aura Bora is a line of herbal sparkling waters made with sophisticated ingredients, eye‐catching branding, and natural flavors. Every can is filled with real herbal extracts, fruits, and flowers. We like to say it's just good clean... ...yum! Yum! ‐ ‐Come meet our five heavenly varieties ‐‐ lemongrass coconut, peppermint watermelon, lavender cucumber, basil berry, and cactus rose. We can't wait for you to dive into those samples in front of you. So, Sharks... "Water" are you waiting for? Tada! Whoo‐hoo! ‐Oh, wow, that's very nice. ‐Wow, it's really nice. Good. Glad to hear it. I was expecting yet another bubbly water. I'm not into the taste of cactus. Cactus is not my thing. ‐Oh. ‐Hey, herbal flavors can be polarizing. There's the one you hate, one you love. Yes, they can. And that's okay. ‐Basil berry. I like it. ‐Great. The lavender is incredible. ‐The packaging is really fun. ‐Thank you. That's the best seller? Best seller right now. Yes, sir. Oh! Oh, oh, oh, lavender. No, no, no. Is there a calories in it, Maddie? Zero. Zero calories, zero sugar, zero sodium. Is there artificial sweetener of any kind? Not at all. ‐That's fantastic. ‐Thank you. ‐What's your background? ‐Okay, so we're married. I've spent my entire short career ‐‐ I'm only 26 ‐‐ in branding. I now work full time for a tech company in San Francisco on a branding team, and I actually take my marketing tips and tricks I learn there home and work as the creative director for Aura Bora. I'm on it full time, so I work on Aura Bora day in, day out, weekends, late nights. Previous to this, I worked in finance. So, Paul, I will say one thing. We get so many beverage deals in "Shark Tank." Yeah. I always admire the sheer guts to come in here with another beverage. Before I just go into my whole cockroach routine, tell me, give me one aura of hope, even the slightest sliver of a chance that you can somehow get distribution. Yeah, great question. We're already working with the two largest natural food distributors in the country. We could scale our manufacturing 10 times at our current volume. And then, finally, we're getting great velocity off shelves in stores that we're sold. What are your sales? You have evidence of sell‐through on shelf? ‐We do 100% sell‐through. ‐Where? Where? We're in 488 stores as of today. ‐Wow! ‐You actually have sales? So, to date, we've done $200,000 in sales. ‐Am I ‐‐ $200,000?! ‐$200,000. We started selling this product in January. What's getting people to pick up? Are you doing tastings? Are you spending a lot on promotion? So, before COVID, I was sampling four days a week, as much as possible, getting to know the consumers, seeing their reactions, et cetera. During COVID, we couldn't do that. So it turned into a bit of a telemarketing business for a few weeks where I'd call and ask as many employees, "Hey, is it selling? How's it going?" So you're a true noodge, right? Oh, my gosh. The number of stores he's dressed up as not himself to walk into and pretend he's interested and ask where the product is... We need to get honest feedback, right? If you're at a trade show... Do you own 100% of the company? Have you brought in investors? Where are you at? Yeah, we've raised $700,000 to date. ‐Wow. ‐So right now, we own 74% of the business between the two of us. Okay. So what does a can cost at retail? We make that can for 57 cents. We sell to our distributor for $1.15. It's exactly a 50% margin. And then it sells on the shelf for $1.99. We're going to end this year somewhere between $500,000 and $600,000. Next year, though, we are already in talks with a number of big‐box retailers. We anticipate finishing next year between $2.5 million and $3.5 million. Listen, you two couldn't be more appealing if you tried. I think that you did great marketing. I like the name. It's cute packaging. It attracts the eye. But I need to be passionate about every investment I do. I'm not passionate about all the flavors, so I'm sorry. I'm out. Okay, listen. Paul and Maddie, listen. You've done a very beautiful brand. I do think you have a future. But in order to succeed in sparkling, it's a very niche proposition. And for that reason, I'm out. What's so great about this product is we can get 70% gross margins at scale. We can be profitable in 2021 because it's mostly water. I actually think you could increase your price potentially. I don't think so. That kills your differentiation. That's right, yes. That's your catch‐22. Right, guys? ‐Right. ‐Yes, sir. When you're small and regional, the velocity that you're doing, it works. But when you try to go national like that, that lid on margins is really going to hurt you. And so where somebody else might have to sell X cans, you have to sell X times two or three. ‐Yeah. ‐And just dealing with that volume is an incredible challenge. It's really a hurdle for you guys. And so for those reasons, I'm out. Let me take a stab at it. You know, you were in a long line of beverage guys that have stood there, a moment of silence for them. But it's so crazy. The chances of success are abysmally low, unfortunately. However, I've always wanted to add a beverage to my portfolio just because I want to be miserable. ‐And... ‐After all that? Here's how I'd do it. I give you $150,000. I want 5 cents a can until... ‐ Just what is this? ‐Wait, wait, wait for it. Wait for it. Until I get back $300,000, then the royalty goes away. So I double my money for taking the ride, and I get 5%. I want the misery. I want the misery of what happened last week. He wants the nickel. ‐ ‐So... Kevin, thank you for your offer. That may be your worst offer in 12 years. It really might. Kevin loves the misery. You know, I'm in a different place in life. ‐I like happy. ‐You look happy. I think you go national, you may get big numbers quicker, but it's going to crush you. So for me, the road is a little longer. I think you have such a unique product, you can create the pull through... Yeah... maybe a little bit along the road. Are you giving an offer? ‐So my offer... ‐You want 6 cents a can. I'll give you $150,000 for 12%. ‐Okay. ‐Wow! Do that. ‐So... ‐What do you want to do? Yeah, so the royalty is an interesting deal. Kevin, we thought you might say that. However, it feels like not the most efficient way to use our margin. But you understand the problem. I don't have a royalty deal. That's why I'm coming back to you, Robert. Love your offer. What would you think about $200,000 for 10%? I would do $200,000 for 15%. Okay, um... It reflects the risk. Would you do $200,000 for 12%? If so, we got a deal. I'll do $200,000 for 15%. ‐Now you got me excited. ‐Robert! ‐15%! 15%! ‐Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! ‐He said 15%! ‐He said 15%! ‐15%? ‐Yeah. You might not be able to go home, Paul. Uh... ‐You got a deal! ‐Whoo! ‐Yay! ‐Yay! Come grab this. Come grab this. ‐Okay. ‐All right. ‐We want to celebrate. ‐ ‐Okay. ‐Ready? Set? ‐1, 2, 3! ‐Go! ‐All right! ‐I'm so excited! ‐Congratulations, guys. ‐High fives! High fives! ‐Thank you. ‐Thank you, guys. ‐Those are great. ‐Thank you so much. ‐Thanks. ‐Best of luck. ‐Well done. ‐Thank you. So great to see all of you. ‐Great job. ‐Nice to meet you all. ‐Thanks for your time. ‐Congrats. ‐Have a good one. ‐Whoo! Robert has a lot of experience in digital marketing. He can help us build a direct‐to‐consumer digital beverage brand. Hey. On top of that, he loved Aura Bora, which means he can definitely help sell it and we'll keep his fridge really well stocked. Yeah. Next into the Tank is a tool that solves a messy problem when caring for babies. Hi, Sharks. My name is Alina Kravchenko. I am from Houston, Texas, and I'm seeking $120,000 for 10% of my company. While some people know me as Alina, many of you parents will soon know me as... ...your fairy godmother! Let's get real. Changing a diaper can be a struggle. First, you try getting your wiggly baby onto the changing table. Then while safely holding your baby with one hand, you somehow try to apply the ointment with the other. Look at my poor mom. She's getting it all over her clothes, under her nails. And she has to do this up to 10 times a day! It's exhausting. Oh, no need to fear. Your fairy godmother is here! And I have a magical product that will make this problem disappear. Ready, Sharks? Bippity, boppity, boo! Introducing SwipenSnap, the world's first and only patented one‐hand cream applicator. After attaching it onto your favorite diaper cream, simply pull the tube from the suction cup‐based lid, squeeze a desired amount of ointment, and swipe it on your baby, all with just one hand. When I first had my son, I was a young single mom looking for ways to make my life easier. It's like what they say, necessity is the fairy godmother of invention. So what do you say, Sharks? Are you ready to swipe and snap and live happily ever after with me? ‐Good job. ‐Tada! ‐Great job. Great job. ‐ You know, I have 2 1/2‐year‐old twins. I'm doing this 20 times a day. ‐Yes. ‐But I take this... Yeah, right, Robert. ‐Oh, no, I am. ‐Yeah, right. Oh, no, no, no, Mark. I am, absolutely. But I take this to my existing cream? Correct. So you take the suction cup‐based lid, place it onto any hard surface. ‐Okay. ‐This is the applicator. You take this, and you attach it onto any diaper cream. So then you pull, you squeeze, you swipe, and snap. - And this gentle applicator's super soft... - Ooh, that's cool. ...and allows you to control the amount. ‐Ohh. ‐It's very nice. ‐Just like that. ‐Alina, this is an interesting innovation. But what I have never seen before, which is very important to understand that you have two different‐sized bottles... Yes. Exactly. ...and they both fit. Is that something you patented? ‐Yes, I did it myself. ‐You wrote it yourself? I did. And I did all the drawings. How did you learn how to write a patent application? I read "Patent It Yourself" and put my baby down to bed, and while he was sleeping, read through it. So, I invented this product 10 years ago. Oh, wow. ‐10 years ago. ‐Yes. You must have millions in sales, right? Well, I'm a single mom, and it's been a difficult road being alone and with very little connections and money. That's why I'm here. So you haven't sold any in 10 years? I have. I have sold. My sales are relatively low because I haven't ‐‐ Is there a number? I haven't marketed the product. What's the number? $15,000 year to sales. In 10 years? No, no, no. I ‐‐ I've been waiting on the patent. So about ‐‐ it took six and a half years to get the patent. I mean five and a half years. So the $15,000 is over what period of time? Yes. I recently ‐‐ well, two and a half years ago ‐‐ quit my job and decided to bring this product to life. But you've sold $15,000 in two years. You can't live off that. No. ‐So what have you been doing? ‐Are you working full time? I... I have an investor. And he hired me part time to help me run one of his operations. How much did he put in? He put in, as an angel investor, 5% for $60,000. How much is it? First run, I was selling it for $10. And because marketing was very expensive ‐‐ ‐$10? ‐Yes. I increased the price to $20, and people ‐‐ What did it cost you to make it? $1.85. How did you sell that $15,000? Majority of it came from organic sales because when I did a pre‐launch ‐‐ ‐Online? ‐Online, yes. Have you tried to go into any retailers? I was approached by a lot of retails, but I decided not to go into retail because I wanted to make the product even better. So I conducted a market study. Everyone that had bought the first version, I called them and I asked them, how can I make this product even better? Because my goal was to make the best product I could. So you said, "No, I don't want to go to retail"? ‐I said not yet. ‐How long ago was that? Three years. Two and a half, to be exact, yeah. Tell us about your background. My mom brought me and my sister here. None of us knew English. ‐From where? ‐From Ukraine. And she taught me that America is where dreams come true, so dream big. What's your mom's name? ‐Svetlana. ‐Can you tell us, Svetlana ‐‐ Can tell us a little bit about the journey of coming here? I was grow up, and my kids grew up in communism time. I knew about America. I was thinking about this dream for my kids, for my kids' opportunity. It's a road, very long road to come this country. No family, no friends, no speak English. I'm so proud about my kids, proud about Alina. I ‐‐ I'm ‐‐ It's a dream come true. You know, I come from a communist country. ‐You understand. ‐I understand. You know, my dad was the youngest of 15. ‐Wow. ‐ And people used to spit on him because he wouldn't join the Communist Party. ‐Oh, wow. ‐He got thrown in jail 22 times. And the last time he got thrown in jail, they said, "If you come back, you will never come back." Oh, my God. And so we crossed the border, we come here, and we have nothing. Like, we had nothing. But my dad was happy. He would rather have nothing but an opportunity. ‐Yeah. ‐Obviously, I think it's one of the greatest countries in the world. ‐We are same page. ‐Yeah. Okay, Alina, let me take a stab at it, okay? It's got patents, which you wrote, which is ‐‐ was the first hint that you're not nuts, because that's hard to do. But I wish you had a partner, another fairy sit beside you that was pure executional skills on digital marketing. Mr. Wonderful, I am that second person. ‐My background ‐‐ ‐Well, you might be, but you haven't convinced me, and I'm the investor. Let me. Let me. I wish you the best, but I'm out. It's obvious that your drive is unbelievable. ‐Thank you. ‐I mean, I can't tell you how many people came up here and spent $50,000, $100,000 to get a patent. You read a book and got it on your own. But my issue with it is, as a new dad, I don't know if I would use this for the baby. I could get around all the other stuff, but I got to believe in the product. For me, on this, I'm out. Does the patent cover the ability to fit with that double thing, or does that already exist? Yes. No, it does not exist. This is the only patent that has that double‐threaded technology. That's what interests me. I don't know, Lori, if you're interested, but if you're interested, I would try to commercialize that while you figure out ‐‐ I'll tell you what I'm thinking. And if you want to, you know, go in on this together... I think what you did was smart. Oh, thank you. I like the quality of this. I was thinking this is a licensing play. ‐Yes! ‐So, Daniel, you and I, $120,000 contingent on that the patent... ‐Okay. ‐...will allow us to license this technology for other things. ‐For 33.3%. ‐Yes! ‐We'll be 1/3 partners. ‐Yes! Really?! She's going to fly away. Oh, my God, I mean, that's ‐‐ Yes. Well, do you want to think about it? No, no, I do. I do. Let's negotiate. I'm going to try to make sure that you understand what the offer is from my side. Yes. Got it. What I'm most interested is in commercializing the double thread in a variety of ways. Got it. Got it. Contingent on us being able to do that, then I would be in for the journey of 33% of this and 100% of any other uses for the double thread. ‐You want 100%? ‐Of the double thread. Okay. You don't want to do that. Two Sharks are out. Daniel may be interested in partnering with Lori for Alina's diaper cream applicator SwipenSnap, but he wants 100% of the patent for other uses. What I'm most interested is in commercializing the double thread in a variety of ways. Got it. Got it. Contingent on us being able to do that, then I would be in for the journey of 33% of this and 100% of any other uses for the double thread. ‐You want 100%? ‐Of the double thread. Okay, Alina, I want to throw a wrench into this. I think the innovation is around the double screw. I get that. All this contingency on this contingency on that. I'll make a deal with Lori ‐‐ Wait a second. Hang on. I'll go 50%. I want 25%. I want her to have 25%. I want us to be 50/50 partners with you. I'm particularly interested in licensing this and working on that deal. And you're kicking Daniel to the curb? Yes. I'm throwing him under the bus. Listen, I agree with the licensing because I think that this could be used in a lot of different ways. Lori, are you in on this deal with me? Daniel, I would have loved to have gone in with you, but, Kevin, I'm in with you. All right. Alina, you got two Sharks, Lori and I. What do you want to do? Could you take a slightly smaller bite? Listen, if we get you a licensing deal, you're just gonna sit back and watch the money roll in, the royalties roll in. You don't have to do any work. We're good at what we do. Are you ready to go? Kevin, would you consider just a slightly smaller, smaller bite? Why do you care? Yeah, you shouldn't care. You're not selling anything now. You have the power of two Sharks that have done licensing deals their whole lives. We're going to, like, get this done for you. You've had no sales. It's been many years. Like, this is bird in hand. And the thing is, what you created and what took a long time to get out... It's so good. ...is that you brilliantly got these patents of value. ‐That's what happened. ‐Right. But now we're going to get to work and see if we can... Okay... monetize it. This is what I wanted. Yes or no? Say yes. I wanted both of you, so I think ‐‐ You want to do it? Yes! Okay! Yes! Yes! Yes! ‐Yay! Get up, Kevin. ‐Ohh, my goodness. I love you so much. Oh, my gosh. ‐Congratulations. ‐Oh, my gosh, Lori and Kevin. ‐Spasíbo! ‐I am so excited. ‐Let's go make some money. ‐Let's go make some money. ‐Yes. ‐Exactly. It's exactly what I wanted! ‐Oh, my God! I'm so excited. ‐Wow! Wow! Wow! Even though I gave up 50% of my company, I know that Kevin and Lori are going to connect it to the right people and get it out there, and that's what I was looking for. So I feel great about it. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 