Shark Tank: Season 12, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Shark Tank 
 s12e1 - Episode #12.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Shark Tank (2009–…): Season 12, Episode 1 - Episode #12.1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Narrator: Since its launch... I've made you a good offer. What are you gonna do about it? ..."Shark Tank" has been a champion for innovators, inventors, and small businesses chasing the American dream. [ Screams ] We don't like to give up. We will do whatever it takes. For me, this is the American dream already. Narrator: And this season, in an unprecedented collaboration, we've innovated with the Venetian Resort in Las Vegas to create a protected bubble environment 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to keep our entrepreneurs, Sharks, and crew as safe as possible from COVID‐19. ♪♪ Man: Three, two, rolling. ♪♪ Narrator: The world is a much different place now. Faced with a global pandemic, many Americans and small businesses are struggling to make ends meet. Now, more than ever, we're committed to supporting and celebrating the best of American business. I got laid off due to COVID. I looked at it as a blessing 'cause I got to work on Go Oats full time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I went out driving every day to restaurants, selling the product. Hustle, hustle, hustle. Cold‐calling distributors, buyers, trying to get our product out there. We are the most resourceful people on Earth. Narrator: And tonight, Blake Mycoskie, the founder of Toms Shoes, who revolutionized how a new generation does business with his one‐for‐one business model, joins the Tank. I think what the customer most cares about is the story behind the product. In the world today, you either grind or you get ground up. Narrator: We believe American ingenuity... The hottest category in neuroscience, transcranial electrical stimulation. ...grit... I sat the kids down, I said no more eating out, no more clothes for two years, no more nothing. ...and determination... My parents, they sacrificed so much to send me to school. They have given so much to me just to be here right now. [ Sniffles ] Narrator: ...will prevail. "Shark Tank's" back in business. [ Roars ] [ Sharks gasp ] ♪♪ I wish I could help you, but I can't, but let's go! Yee‐haw! Now we're talking. Now we're talking. I am a founder of a billion‐dollar brand. I want you to become a unicorn, too. Yes! Yes! Man: I don't want to make deals with stingrays. We came here to do business with the great whites. We want a Shark. We want a Shark. You've come to the right place. Narrator: First into the Tank is an innovative storage solution for a common household product. ♪♪ ♪♪ Hi, Sharks. My name's Carson Grill. And I'm Jason Grill. We're from Cincinnati, Ohio. And I am the proud dad to this CEO right here. We are here today seeking $150,000 in exchange for 10% equity of our company. Sharks, just a few years back, Carson and I were doing some touch‐up paint around the house. With three kids, fingerprints all over the walls, believe me, there's always touch‐up to be done. Being a former Marine, Carson knows I like to run a tight ship. The question to you Sharks is, does your paint closet look anything like this? Ooh! If so, you have half a dozen gallon cans with just this much paint. We went to open just a few cans, and oh! The rust, clumps, and smell. We looked at each other and said... Both: "There has to be a better way!" So that's why I invented the patented TouchUp Cup for paint, the most innovative solution to all of your paint storage problems. It even has a stainless‐steel blending sphere for easy mixing. Just shake and paint, baby! [ Rattling ] Say goodbye to rust and clumps forever. TouchUp Cup has extra threads and an airtight silicone seal to keep paint fresh for over 10 years. We sell a three‐pack and an individual, so whether you need a lot or just a little, we've got you covered. But wait. There's more. There is? We're already in... Both: 4,000 locations! Whoo! Whoo! Oh. Whoo! Whoo! That is a whoo. And we're not stopping there, Sharks. We'll keep going until TouchUp Cup is in every home, store, and workshop around the world. So, Sharks, who wants to come... [ Rattling ] Both: ...shake and paint with us? Sharks, in front of you are your very own TouchUp Cups to try out for yourselves. How old are you, again? I'm 15. Wow. ‐That's great. ‐That's awesome. Do you have a patent on this or...? Yeah, so we have a utility patent on the use of the shape of the cup and the use of this ‐‐ An application or an actual patent? Actual patent. Wow. Greiner: So, who is running the business? And you said you're in 4,000 locations. Yeah. Tell us about that, too. So, we're both running the business right now. We both have day jobs. I'm in school. I'm gonna be a freshman in high school. And my dad works in medical sales. We have a private label partnership with one of the most recognizable brands in painter's tape today, and they are presenting us to their 55,000 worldwide locations. They have already gotten us into 250 Meijer locations across the Midwest. And we are in all eight distribution centers of one of the largest hardware co‐op locations in the world. And our private label partner is getting us into 2,000 locations. And it's important to note that we don't have an exclusive with this partner. They're paying you a royalty on unit sales? No, it's a private label, so we are the manufacturing. So you're manufacturing for them? Yeah, so we do have a strategic partnership in Nashville, Tennessee, that does all of our picking and packing, all of our EDI order entry. And they do ‐‐ we're about ‐‐ I love this kid. I love him. Mycoskie: The vocabulary is insane! EDI ‐‐ I didn't learn that till my fifth year at Toms. We're about 70% online and 30% in retail right now about our sales. We have sold $220,000 in sales over the last two years, with $150,000 of that being over the last year and a half and $70,000 of that being this year. We got another shipment, and we are on track to do $400,000 in sales this year. ‐That's excellent. ‐Wow. Good for you. The three‐pack costs you how much landed? $1.99 landed. ‐Including packaging? ‐Yes, and shipping. ‐So $1.99. ‐Landed. The individual cup costs us 90 cents landed. Okay, and what are you selling them for? The individual cup, we wholesale for $1.89 and retail for $3.99 to $4.99. And the three‐pack, we wholesale for $4.25 and retail anywhere from $9.99 to $12.99. Normally on "Shark Tank," when you bring in your son, usually, the father gives the pitch and the son does a little demo, and then off they go because things are gonna get tough in the Tank. So far, Carson's doing all the talking. You're not saying anything. You know what? I have all faith in him. We run this business 50/50. He knows what he's doing. I've gone to trade shows with my dad. I've gone to buyer meetings with my dad. One buyer, we both walk in. She looks me dead in the eye and says, "Oh, you brought your kid. He can sit in the hallway, I guess." And I said, "Oh, no." So that's when we pulled up a chair out of the hallway, and I led the meeting. Oh, he went out, he grabbed the chair... Mycoskie: Nice! ...he pulled it in. He's being modest. He has four patents, okay? A utility patent on the TouchUp Cup. Wow. And three design patents on the Muffin, Bagel, and Doughnut Fresh. Hold on. You're 15 years old, and you have four patents. Yes. These are three of my newest products ‐‐ the Muffin, Bagel, and Doughnut Fresh. They are absolutely a part of this deal. They are ergonomically designed to keep muffins, bagels, and doughnuts fresh for three to four days longer than conventional packaging. So you're throwing that in? Yes. You're not selling those yet? Well, it's about 5% of our sales. Carson, this is super impressive how much you know your stuff. Blake, I learned the words "purchase order," "private label," you know, "distribution" around 27. He just spits them out. 'Cause you didn't get to watch "Shark Tank." Yeah. Mycoskie: I would love to help you grow this business, so I would love to make you an offer. You're asking for $150,000 for 10%. I'd like to give us some more cash flow, some more runway, so I'd like to do $200,000 for 25%. Wow. Thank you so much for that offer. This guy just made a better offer than I would, and I was about to give $100‐‐ Let Carson hear a bid‐ask situation. No, but I was gonna give $150,000 for 25%, and now he did ‐‐ he did $200,000 for 25%, so I'm forced to do $200,000 for 17.5% to cut his legs out from underneath him. O'Leary: Yes! Yes! [ Laughter ] Are you serious? I'm serious. Thank you for that offer. That is a really interesting dilemma you've got there, Carson. Oh. What a Shark. Cuban: So, I'll make it simple, guys. I love you. You guys are amazing. But those guys have made great offers, so for those reasons, I'm out. ‐Thank you. ‐Thank you, Mark. ‐Congratulations. ‐Thank you for your time. My dilemma is this ‐‐ I want Carson to drop out of school and become a CEO. Carson: I just finished eighth grade. I don't think that's an option right now. I'm out. And I'd have to agree. Thank you, Mr. Wonderful. John: But I do have to ask you one question in regards to that. Who will be running the business? 'Cause I can't work on it every day. Blake can't work on it every day. Who's gonna work on it every day? Or will we have to hire somebody else? You know, if we were sitting in your shoes, we'd be asking the same questions. We want to get this to a point where I don't have to have the other job. But the time right now is not right to ‐‐ No, you're trying to keep the lights on in the house. I get it, right? Yeah. But at some time, when you're working at midnight, the buyers in retail, they're up Monday morning at 9:00 a. m. Calling people saying "My shelves are empty." And if you're not there to pick up that phone at 9:00 a. m., they're calling your competitor. So who's gonna pick up that phone? Do we want to get this to a point where I can be full‐time in this business? Absolutely. Absolutely. But I can't at this moment. I'm gonna have to revise my offer to $150,000 for 20%. ♪♪ Narrator: Two Sharks are out. Carson and Jason have an offer from Blake and one from Daymond for their paint storage product, TouchUp Cup, but the offers are changing once the Sharks discover that no one is working full time in the business. I'm gonna have to revise my offer to $150,000 for 20%, 'cause I see right now that at least for a year, it's going to have to take administering money to other people to go out and do some of these jobs. That's absolutely right, Daymond. I'm not changing my offer. You've gotten two very good offers here from both of them. Someone like Blake or like Daymond could sit and really work with you and teach you and give you some good advice, whereas I would want you to have someone else run it for you. So I'm gonna go out. Okay. Thank you for your time. I have a question on your offer. So, would you be willing to fulfill purchase orders, help us fulfill those purchase orders on top of that, if it got, like, uncontrollable to us? I don't know until I get in there and really understand your business better. But if I own 25% of this business and we need to, you know, fund purchase orders or inventory, you know, then it's gonna be in my best interest to make sure that I help arrange a line of credit at a bank for you. Daymond, same question to you, as far as fulfilling purchase orders. No. I don't want to be the bank. I want to use other people's money. Carson, what do you want to do? Yeah, so, Blake, we really weren't hoping to give up 25% of our company. Would you be willing to compromise and say 17.5%? ♪♪ For $150,000, yes. Could you do it for the $200,000? No, I don't think so. I think my best offer would be $150,000 for 17.5%, which is what Daymond ‐‐ But I really encourage you to give a little bit more away but also get that extra $50,000 in cash, 'cause I think it's gonna help bring these ideas to life. Okay. [ Sighs ] Could you do $200,000 for 20%? I love this kid. I love that you're asking, but I really think the value that I'm gonna bring, I need to own 25% equity. What do you want to do, buddy? [ Sighs ] Daymond, I would like to thank you for your offer. That was really kind of you, and I really appreciate it. But, Blake, you have a deal. Okay. Great. Thank you. Whoo! Congratulations, guys. Well done. Thank you guys so much. Thank you, everybody. ‐I really appreciate it. ‐Thank you, guys. ‐Thank you. ‐Congrats. ‐Well done, Blake. Good job. ‐Thanks. Whoo! [ Breathes deeply ] We did it! How do you feel, man? Amazing. Carson: With Blake on our team, the sky is the limit, and we can reach any level of success. To all the kid‐preneurs out there, just like me, you know that you can get to this spot with a little hard work, you can do your research, and you can be right here, where I am. Get a deal with one of the Sharks, and it feels amazing. Mycoskie: I was born in Arlington, Texas, and grew up spending most of my life practicing tennis. I wanted to be a professional tennis player, but unfortunately, I had a career‐ending injury that stopped my hopes and dreams in the tennis world. My first business was a pickup‐and‐delivery laundry service. The only reason I became an entrepreneur was I had a need for someone to come do my laundry because I was on crutches and couldn't carry my own laundry down to the facility. I went from knowing nothing about business to running a company in three states with 40 employees. By the time I was 29 years old, I had created four businesses and sold three of them. Frankly, I was a little bit exhausted and burnt out, so I decided to go to Argentina. When I was in Argentina and traveling, one thing in particular I witnessed was really intense poverty, and that really stuck with me. Many of the children were in the streets when they should be in school, and specifically, not wearing shoes. That's when I had the idea to create a shoe business where every time we sold a pair of shoes, we would give a pair to a child in need. We told them our vision, and they thought we were totally crazy. Every business consultant I talked to couldn't believe that I was gonna give something away every time I sold it. But because it was so radical, it differentiated us and allowed us to become one of the fastest‐growing shoe companies in the world. Today, there are thousands of companies who have either emulated the one‐for‐one model or created a social cause in their business. To date, Toms has now donated over 96 million shoes to children around the world, and we had reached sales over $500 million a year. After growing Toms for eight years and dedicating my life to it, I realized I wanted to do more as an entrepreneur, and so I sold half of the company in 2014. Making small changes in our lives can truly transform them. This led me on a two‐year pilgrimage to meet some of the top scientists in our country on the state of well‐being and really thriving. This experience led to me launching a new company, called Madefor. Our hope with Madefor is to teach everyone habits and practices that can truly transform their lives and help all of us answer the question "What am I made for?" One of the things I'm most excited about is competing with the other Sharks. Most people know me as this do‐gooder, but I'm really competitive. Success to me means feeling that you've done your best to make the greatest impact you can while on this planet, knowing that you have given life everything you can and you've held nothing back. ♪♪ ♪♪ Narrator: Next up is a solution to a common anxiety for electric vehicle owners. ♪♪ Hi. I'm Chris. And I'm Josh. And we're two of the co‐founders of SparkCharge, based in Somerville, Massachusetts. We're here today seeking $1 million for a 6% stake in our company. Everyone knows electric vehicles are the future. They're better for the environment, and soon, they'll be everywhere. But there's one major thing keeping them from growing faster ‐‐ range anxiety. Range anxiety is the fear of running out of charge in your electric vehicle. That's why I would love to introduce you to the Roadie, the world's first and only portable, modular, and ultrafast EV charger. The anxiety of finding a charging station and the time wasted waiting for a vehicle to charge simply goes away when the charging station comes to you, no matter where you are. The Roadie has three core features. Number one ‐‐ modularity. Units can be connected together to give the electric vehicle owner the exact amount of range they want. Number two ‐‐ portable. Our portable units can charge an electric vehicle anytime and anywhere, making any location a charging station. And, of course, the most important factor ‐‐ speed. We can charge an electric vehicle at a rate of one mile every 60 seconds. So, Sharks, help us create a more sustainable mobile EV charging infrastructure. Okay, and walk us through it. So, how would I purchase that? John: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait. Wait one second. I don't know anything about this. I'm out. [ Laughter ] Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. So, yeah, it's really simple. So, we actually sell directly to businesses. So we work with OEMs, roadside companies, on‐demand companies, and service companies. They use the hardware, and they go out there and they charge electric vehicle owners who request it. So AAA would carry this? Is AAA a customer right now? We do have a program going on right now. The question is, how much does it cost you to make one of those per module? What do you sell them for? So, per module, our cost of goods are roughly around $2,500, and then companies pay a $1,000 deposit, and then we charge them a 150‐buck monthly fee. Okay, so it's 150 bucks per month per module. Yep. Yes. In the past six months alone, we've done close to over half a million in sales, and we're on track to do over $1 million in sales this year alone. By end of next year, we're predicting to do close to $10 million in sales. This unit itself, it's patented through and through. We developed it from the ground up. We also built our own manufacturing facility in Buffalo, New York. We've also been really strategic with our funding, but we've won a lot of grants and awards to get us there. How much money have you raised from investors versus grants that you received? I'd say we probably raised about $3 million in venture, and the rest has been about awards, which comes to about $2 million, so about $5 million total. ‐That's fabulous. ‐Very smart. And so what percentage of the company do you guys own now versus what the investors own? We have a little over 50%. But why do you believe you'll go to $10 million? You went from $500,000, you double that ‐‐ congratulations ‐‐ to $1 million, and now you're gonna 10x it. Why do you believe you'll go to that? So, the electric vehicle industry is growing rapidly. Essentially, the reason that we're here today ‐‐ and that's a great point ‐‐ is that we need to scale to keep up with demand. O'Leary: Obviously, you have to burn some cash to get to where you are now. How much have you lost to get to here? Since the beginning, I think the burn rate is just a little over about 4 mill. So you guys are in a bad spot right now? No. No, we have runway. No. You've raised $4 million, right? We've raised $5 million total. Okay, and you spent 4, so you got a million left. Correct. And in order to grow, you need to invest to build more batteries. Correct. O'Leary: Alright. You're basically leasing these things to people, right? Correct. Mm‐hmm. How much capital do I have to tie up in inventory? That's probably the best way to ask that question. About a third. You're basically going to carry a third of revenue as leased. In other words, you own it. It's on your balance sheet. Wouldn't it be better to simply sell this and then let the attrition occur in the market? Because I think that's a big issue. So, you know, we could sell it, but by leasing it out, essentially, we control the asset, and then when the batteries come back, we can also repurpose them. Okay, so, tell me again what it costs you to make. $2,500. And so your payback time is... Approximately 12 months. How much are you charging, then, if it's 12 months and if it's $150 a month ‐‐ They pay a $1,000 deposit. Oh, they pay $1,000... Is it a deposit, or is it an actual $1,000 of revenue? It's a $1,000 deposit. It's nonrefundable. So it's not a deposit, then. It's actually a $1,000 payment. Yes. Greiner: I really love what you're doing here. And I also think that you can have a direct‐to‐consumer end of this down the road where they can put in their cars something smaller but will give them that little bit of peace of mind where they can get to somewhere where they're safe. So, we are gonna be coming out with a consumer product. The technology inside is somewhat the same. It's just smaller size, lighter package, more consumer‐friendly look. What will that retail for? Depending on scale, we might be able to get it for under $1,500. How many units are being used right now ‐‐ today? Around 50. Yeah. 50. Oh, that's all? Only 50 units? You're backordered right now, then? Yes. Correct. I hate the lease part of the deal. I hate owning risk. That part ‐‐ you lost me there. I'm out. Thank you, Kevin. We appreciate it. Thank you for your time. Like Lori, I think the big opportunity is developing a consumer unit, but I find it really hard to believe that you're gonna deliver a consumer unit for 1,000 bucks or less when your commercial units are thousands. And so for that reason, I'm gonna be out. Like I said, I think it's super smart, it is innovative. Mark is Mr. Technology. Like, I will always look to him to understand things [ Laughing ] that I don't actually understand. But this is more a capital issue. So, are you interested, Mark? 'Cause I'll go in. Yeah, I like the concept, right? So, here's the challenge, right? The challenge is it's a lot of cash up front, and you're gonna have to borrow money, not raise money, because if you raise more money, then you guys aren't gonna have any ownership left, right? Unless you think it's gonna be a multi‐billion‐dollar company. We do believe it's gonna be a multi‐billion‐dollar company. According to our estimations, we can get to profitability without having to raise additional rounds by middle of next year. So, here's the thing. Okay. 6% is nowhere near enough, particularly for two of us, right? So, Lori, I think the best way to do this is to let them make us an offer, and we either say yes or no. So you know what your number is. Instead of us trying to figure out your number and us going back and forth, in the interest of time, just give us your number, right? And if we like it, we say yes, and if we don't, we say no. ♪♪ How about this ‐‐ how about we do $1 million for 10%, it's split 50/50, but we'll also throw in 2% adviser equity and a board seat. 2% each? Uh... 2% each. We can do 2% each. So we would go $500,000, $500,000, 7%, 7%. Right ‐‐ 5% and 2% basically. ♪♪ Do we have a deal? We got a deal. We have a deal! Let's charge this up. Whoo! Let's charge this up. We are gonna do due diligence. That's for sure. Guys, I thought the chance of you getting a deal was zero. No! Kevin! No! Come on! I'm just saying. I'm just saying. I think the best person in this deal is Lori, who got a free ride off of Mark Cuban's back. She's a bottom‐feeder. [ Laughter ] I like your style, Lori. Congratulations, you guys. Take care, guys. Ellis: It was the most exhilarating ride of my life. We really want to dig in and start building this business to be a billion‐dollar business. With the power of Lori and Mark, SparkCharge is now fully charged to take over the world. People don't realize, when you raise money, it's not an accomplishment ‐‐ it's an obligation. Exactly. But our media celebrates it. They celebrate raising money as if that's like profitability. ♪♪ ♪♪ Narrator: Next into the Tank is a way to protect against germs and viruses. ♪♪ Hi, Sharks. My name is Pete Badaway, and this is my beautiful wife, Bianca. We're seeking $100,000 for 10% equity in our company. Sharks, we want to introduce you to Joe. Joe here, he's just like all of us ‐‐ gets up, gets himself ready, puts his mask on, and heads off to work. The second Joe leaves his house, these nasty little germs, which are filled with odor, dirt, grime, and even bacteria are flying at him from all different directions. [ Laughter ] I love it. Whether he's grabbing a quick latte... Yes! ...at a crowded cafe, walking past a sneezing co‐worker, and let's not forget all those nasties he picks up during his commute to and from work. He's washing and cleaning his hands throughout the day, but what's he doing about his clothes? Nothing, Sharks. He does nothing. That crazy, nasty dirt that he's collecting throughout the day is still stuck on his clothes. Let's face it, Sharks ‐‐ we can't all walk around with these things on all day to keep us protected. There are products to wash and clean our hands on the go, but why not for our clothes, which are even more exposed? And that... Both: ...is why we created GarmaGuard! GarmaGuard is the first natural garment and fabric cleanser of its kind, which uses natural propellants to keep you safe and your clothes fresh and clean. Applying our garment spray, it's easy. You simply just spray it onto your clothes. Helps eliminate odor, freshen your fabric, and keep that dirt and grime under control. There you go, Joe. Much better. So, no matter who you are or what you do... GarmaGuard gives you the freedom to live your life without having to wear one of these things on all day to keep you protected. So, which one of you Sharks wants to team up with us to help GarmaGuard the world? Sharks, we have some samples in front of you. First, we're gonna get out of these suits and get Joe on his way out of here. I really enjoyed that high school play. Yeah, that was fun. O'Leary: It was very good bad theater. Okay, so, my very first business was a pickup‐and‐delivery laundry and dry cleaning company. Yes, we know that. This could really save someone a lot of money on dry cleaning, 'cause half of the reason people would bring their clothes to me, especially in college, their clothes smelled like smoke. So my first question is, is, like ‐‐ will this take away smoke smell and not have to take it to the dry cleaning? Absolutely. We're getting amazing feedback from firefighters. And I'm a police detective myself, so I work very close to firefighters, [ Spray hisses ] and they call me, they're like, "Pete, this stuff's really good." Wow. It works. I mean, the thing is, is very few people ever wear socks when they wear Toms, and if you don't wear socks, they start to stink. And [Sniffs] there's no odor. How does it work? How does it extract the odor? It actually eliminates odor‐causing bacteria. So it's killing the bacteria? Yes, it is. Yeah. It's lab‐tested. It does kill bacteria, kills 99% of germs. We can't make those claims because we're not EPA‐registered yet, so we're selling it as a cleaner now, but we know how effective it is. Viruses, too, then? Yes. COVID? Uh... [ Laughs ] That's a big question. Yeah, we don't have that kill claim yet. I mean, that's clearly the way... We're working on that. ...that your sales are gonna grow in time, is if ‐‐ Well, with that in mind, tell us about your sales. We've been in business for a year and a half now. To date, our sales are $476,000. Alright, half a million dollars of sales is not a joke. You know, that's a good number. Is this your business that you've always been in or...? So, I'm actually a nurse. I've been working up until three months ago, when we had our third daughter, so... ‐Congratulations. ‐Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. So, the idea came up, actually, from being a nurse. I would come home, and I wouldn't want my girls touching me. I wouldn't want Pete giving me a hug yet. I felt so dirty after my shift. And just watching this day after day, I knew that we needed a product to use on our clothing, on our uniforms, on our scrubs throughout our day before we come home. And if none exist, we need to make one. So, where are you selling it right now? What are you doing to amplify your sales? So, right now we're selling on our website, as well as a couple other websites. You're only online right now? Yes. Okay, so, how much do you sell these for, and what does it cost you to make? So, we sell them for $12.99, and they cost $1.85 to make. Okay, so you got enough margins to support... ‐Nice! ‐Yeah, nice margin. So, guys, you made these sales, but the golden ring here, it seems to me, given where we're at in this pandemic, if this said "Kills COVID on your clothes," I think that would be a really good message. We're gonna get it. 100%. Mycoskie: What's the timeline to get that? 'Cause I think that's the question that we're all gonna ask and we're all gonna focus on. Because that will change your business dramatically. Six months to a year, I would say, if I had to estimate. Cuban: Look, guys, look, it's a great product. It smells good, obviously works real well. But every day, I get an e‐mail from somebody saying they have this new, whiz‐bang formula, and you guys hear about competition all the time, I'm sure, right? Yeah. Yeah. So the reality is, you have to be a great marketing company, and you're just starting to learn how to do that. So I don't think you're quite ready for my investment. I'm out. Alright. Thank you, Mark. You're welcome. Appreciate that. Guys, I understand why you can't give me what I want. What I wanted was a little picture of the coronavirus with a big red X through it. That's why we need your help! We're working on it. I know, I know. We started this in 2017. To me, that's the marketing dream. But it's not just COVID, Mr. Wonderful. I mean, this feeling of cleanliness and staying sanitized and clean isn't going anywhere. No, I get it. I get it. That's gonna be there for a long time. Listen, guys, it's not for me, but you two are terrific. Thank you. Anyways, I'm out. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I think that this is a good enough business that you may not need a partner. I think you guys can scale this to being $1 million, $2 million and doing it without a partner. So I'm out. Appreciate that, Daymond. You know, I think that this is a really good product. I think it smells fantastic. And I think you're right on the money right now. People would just love to take something fresh and non‐chemical and spray it on their clothes afterwards. Right. I'm absolutely going to be a customer. I like it a lot. But it's just so early. I think you're gonna do great, but I'm sorry. I'm out. Thank you, Lori. Appreciate the feedback. Thank you. Then there was one. Yeah. Man, it's tough. Laundry days. Laundry days. Come on. Before I make my final decision, there's one question I never got answered, and that is, your total sales have been $476,000 over the lifetime of the business. What's your sales gonna be this year and what's your profitability gonna be this year? 'Cause you have huge margins. Yeah. So, we'll hit at least $500,000 this year, and our margins are around 20%, so we'll make $100,000 off that $500,000. ♪♪ You know, I think you have a great business here. I think you have great margins. I actually don't think you need the equity investment if you're gonna make that profitability today. For many, many years, I never took investors, and that's how I was able to have a very big exit. My recommendation, you guys, is get this approval and whatever you need so that you can say "This can kill COVID," and your sales are gonna take off, and you're gonna be able to fund it with the cash flow of the direct sales. So ‐‐ But you're buying in early before we make that claim, right? Yeah, I know, but I ‐‐ I mean, our valuation's gonna go up. We got 14,000 customers ‐‐ loyal customers. Our conversion rate's 6.6%. Our return customer rate's 33%. The COVID claim is just the cherry on top. Man. I'm telling you. I think the statistics you keep throwing out are just making my case even stronger for you don't need an investment right now. You just need to keep grinding, and you're gonna look back and you're gonna have millions more dollars in your pocket because you didn't give up equity right now. And then you're gonna take me to dinner for giving you that advice. [ Laughter ] I love you guys, but I'm out. Alright. Appreciate it. Thank you. Congratulations on all you've accomplished, guys. Thank you for both of your services. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, guys. You know, Blake, I didn't have any investors. I scrapped it all out. I kept ‐‐ With all the money that I made, I kept putting it back into the business, and the business was always mine. And I think that's such an important message for people watching to hear, because I think we glorify investing. And, I mean, this show is all about investing, and there's times when an equity investment, especially from a Shark and a great partner, is critical to your growth. But in this case, I think they're gonna be great. They don't need to. ♪♪ ♪♪ Narrator: Next up is a product designed to bring a little bit of comfort when you're in the great outdoors. ♪♪ Hi. My name's Wylie, and I'm here to tell you about my company, Rumpl. But first, Sharks, I got to ask you a question. How do you sleep at night? I'm guessing it's under a cozy, warm blanket, right? Blankets are the best, and they've been keeping people warm and comfortable for centuries. But it's been decades since anybody's thought to give them an upgrade. Meanwhile, we've seen a textile revolution happening in outdoor gear and athletic apparel. Sharks, Rumpl has taken these proven new‐age materials and created a line of durable, weatherproof, lightweight blankets. They're extremely versatile, warm and cozy, and can travel with you from the home to the outdoors and back. They repel pet hair... ...debris... ...and stains. Come on. Greiner: [ Laughs ] Don't waste wine. It's cheap stuff. Don't worry. That's the best stuff. Rumpl blankets will keep you protected. But the thing I'm most proud of, Sharks, is protecting the planet. Each of these blankets is made using 60 recycled plastic bottles that might otherwise end up in landfills. Awesome. Additionally, we offset 100% of our carbon footprint every year and donate 1% of all sales to environmental causes because we care about protecting the places that inspired the idea for Rumpl in the first place. I'm seeking $600,000 for a 4% stake of this booming company. Of course you are! Of course you are. There we go. There are samples for you on your tables in front of you. Please, let's get cozy and get to it. And where do you sell? Where do you sell and how? We're selling online. Amazon. We're in every REI. I actually bought one in REI. Oh, right on. You know the product. I'm a customer. What do you think? Do you like it? I think the product's great. I don't really like the valuation right now, but we'll talk about that more. I got to tell you, this is on me right now. Yeah. It is really warm. Yeah. To be so thin is amazing. Daymond, you look like a grandmother. I'm happy, though, looking like a grandmother. What is in the inside? What is the ‐‐ So, the ones you guys have right there, they have a hollow fiber synthetic fill. It's basically like a bucatini pasta tube. But it's a fiber fill? Yes. Exactly. Instead of just looking at the technical aspects of the blanket ‐‐ I mean, it's great. I have one. I'm a customer. But this reminds me a lot ‐‐ when I started Toms, like, we had a shoe that a lot of people could copy. So there's nothing in this blanket that doesn't mean that I can't start a company just like it tomorrow. Sure. But what's most important to me, Wylie, is like, why did you get passionate about blankets? Sure. I was on a ski trip with a friend just outside Mammoth, and our car froze. It was, like, the coldest night on record in Mammoth. And we woke up the next morning, car wouldn't start, and we were several miles up a dirt road. We had no cell service. So it was kind of a sketchy situation we found ourselves in. And we bundled up in our sleeping bags, and we started talking about how, "Man, you know, I really like these materials so much more than my comforter back home." And we decided, you know, "When we get out of here, we're gonna make a sleeping bag blanket." We bundled up in our sleeping bags and just waited for somebody to show up. It was several hours before somebody eventually did. So, what does one cost? What do these ‐‐ 100 bucks. Mycoskie: And what's your landed cost? $25. 25 bucks. So it's a good margin. And then are you selling it wholesale? What? $50. $50? Okay. $49.50, actually, 'cause it's $99. And can you just take us through, like, the year you started and what the sales ramp‐up has been? Yeah, so, we started end of 2013. 2014, we did 450K in sales, then $950,000, 2.7, 5.3... John: Ohh. ...8.8... Greiner: Wow! ...6.5. Oh. Ouch. And I'll explain that. And then this year, we're on track for 8. What happened to that big drop? Bet you lost a wholesale account. No ‐‐ Well, yes. Yes. Of course. Actually, what happened is, in 2018, when we did 8.8, $3 million of that was really just with two large corporate accounts. How many competitors are doing pretty much the exact thing right now in the wholesale channel and direct channel? There's probably a good 15 companies doing something similar to what we're doing. Whoa. 15. This is the big problem, I think. Yeah. Because, I mean, no disrespect to the business right now, but to have this level of valuation and have zero barriers to entry and 15 competitors, that makes me really scared as an investor. And before you leave, because your valuation is $15 million, you do have to bring up how much money you're going to make off the $8 million. Oh, yeah, we're gonna peek under the blanket on that one. It's gonna be about 5%, 6% this year, so $400,000 to $450K. Only 5% to 6%? Pre‐tax? Pre‐tax? That's the profit? Yeah, pre‐tax. So, how much money have you raised? Yeah. I really want to talk to you guys about this because I know this is gonna be a sticking point here. No. You don't say. [ Laughter ] Rumpl has raised a good amount of money. We've done two seed rounds. Both of those equaled about $1 million. And then in 2018, we did a proper A round, and we raised $3.8 million. So, that leads to the next question. How much cash do you have in the bank? $3.5 million. Whoa. Why are you here? ♪♪ Narrator: All Sharks are still in, but with a big sales and plenty of cash in the bank, the Sharks are skeptical about why Wylie needs an investment from the Sharks for his outdoor blanket company, Rumpl. How much cash do you have in the bank? $3.5 million. Whoa. Why are you here? I am here because I would like to take this product and this brand into sports licensing. Worst excuse ever to be here. You could have bought as many licenses as you want with that. You just call Fanatics, you call the NBA. You know how to get a license. You've done ‐‐ I don't. I don't. Seriously, I don't. You have 3‐point‐something million in the bank. You got enough to hire people to go out and do licensing and to acquire the licenses. Where my team is focused... You know what? I'm trying to figure out ‐‐ Listen. Listen, listen, this ‐‐ ...where my salespeople are focused is in outdoor. Wylie, listen ‐‐ I don't want to distract them for this other channel. Worst excuse ever. Mycoskie: Mark, what do you think? Do you think he's here for the exposure? s No. Or do you think he really wants us to invest? Yeah, Wylie, look, I'm not buying the whole "I can't get sports licensing help without you guys." So for those reasons, I'm out. O'Leary: You know, Wylie, it takes my breath away that you would come in here and ask me to pay you 50 times free cash flow for blankets. We don't really need the cash. What we need is a partner. And what I'm willing to talk about is a loan with a royalty. Did you say "royalty"? I said "royalty." Was I being nasty to you? I take it all back. No, no, it's all fair. Okay. Do you know why, Wylie? 'Cause you have something called sales. Hit me. What do you got? Alright, so, I would like to potentially structure this as a $600,000 loan, 10% interest paid back over 2 years, and then 5% of all revenue generated in the sports license channel. John: I'm gonna make you an offer. A loan at $600,000 at 10% and 5% of sales for 2 years. That's crazy. Hold on. So when my Sun‐Staches guys came on here, they had nothing. I got them all of Disney, all of Marvel, Pokémon, sports license ‐‐ all of that stuff. Daymond, I think we should do this together. If you can help grow those channels, I know I can help in the DTC. Blake and I will give you $600,000 at 10%. That's a loan. I would go after licenses for you. Blake, you're gonna go after wholesale. Yeah, I mean, I can literally grow his wholesale by 500% tomorrow. So, 2.5% to each of us for two years on all sales. And then that's done. And we get 4% equity. O'Leary: I'll give you the $600,000, I'll take 4%, but we're not gonna call it a loan. I'm just gonna say give me 10 bucks a blanket till I get back $1.8 million, and I keep the 4% because I became your partner in my "Shark Tank" portfolio. And I'd rather just take the 600 and pour it onto direct sales. That's it. You don't have to go nuts. I'm gonna tell you what I'm gonna do. You're paying half your free cash flow. What do you got, Lori? I'm out. [ Laughs ] Cuban: Good call, Lori. Alright. Yeah, so, Daymond, I think we need more equity after doing this math. We're gonna do a ton of work on this business. So, the deal is $600,000 loan at 10%, 2.5% to me and to Daymond for two years, and 10% equity. The deals keep on getting worse for you. I mean, that's ‐‐ No. That's a ‐‐ I like the Mr. Wonderful offer better. I like the Mr. Wonderful offer better than that one, as well. [ Laughter ] How about this, Blake? I'll be honest. That's fine. There's gonna be a lot of deals today. I was really excited when I learned that you were gonna be the guest Shark. And I'm stoked on you. I've admired you as an entrepreneur and an individual for a long time. Thank you. What if we do $600,000 as a loan, 10% interest paid back over two years, 2.5% royalty on sales for two years... Okay. ...and 4% equity? So it's the same offer I came in... Now he's back to where you were before. ...plus the royalty. O'Leary: You're gonna have to give up 10% to get two Sharks. And really, you've already said you want to be dating Blake. You're not going to the dance with Daymond. I have. Yeah. I mean, you can throw Daymond under the bus, which you're about to do, 'cause there's no way you're giving up 10%. That's right. I'm not giving up 10%. What do you want to do? That's the decision. Alright, so, I'm gonna give you clarity for this one. I don't want to get in the way, so I'm out. I appreciate that, Daymond. No disrespect, honestly. No disrespect taken. Look, the thing is, is I was excited to do a deal with Daymond on the licensing, but I also just have to look at the value of my time. And I'm only gonna focus on two, maybe three investments a year. I'm gonna get involved like a founder, and so I need to be treated like a founder. And unless I have 10% equity, I just won't feel like a founder, and I won't be motivated to help you as much as I want to. And that 10%'s just as low as I can go. ♪♪ What are you gonna do, Wylie? ♪♪ Guys, I'm sorry. I can't do these deals. [ Groans ] I apologize. I really, really appreciate this experience, though. Thank you so much. ‐Good luck. ‐Yeah. ‐Good luck. ‐Alright. ♪♪ I came in really wanting to do a deal with Blake. I'm bummed that it didn't happen. I don't think he was being totally reasonable about the value of the company. I think we could have got a lot of value out of that. But ultimately, I just don't know that it was the right fit, given the valuation he wanted to put on the company. ♪♪ ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 