Shark Tank: Season 12, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Shark Tank 
 s12e6 - Episode #12.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Shark Tank (2009–…): Season 12, Episode 6 - Episode #12.6 - full transcript 
 A vegan version of a classic grab-and-go snack; pandemic-inspired masks. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Tonight on "Shark Tank," Blake Mycoskie, the founder of revolutionary shoe company Toms, returns to the Tank. This show's not about getting the very best deal. It's about getting the best partner. We live in a time when people are questioning the quality of the air they breathe. Everything you're surrounded by is either sugary or caffeinated. I don't think you can do anything without doing some good, as well. Sounds expensive. Ooh. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 If Daymond drops out, bad things could happen. I'm gonna match Kevin's offer. Wait, wait, wait. Who do you like more? I love all you guys. It's now or never, Michael. No. No. You can't do that. Why would you want one Shark when you can have two? Let's go! First into the Tank is a healthier version of a favorite snack. Hello. My name is Michael Pan, and I'm from Portland, Oregon. My company is... Pan's. And I'm here today to talk to you about something that's near and dear to my heart. Jerky! 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Sharks, you're all busy and know what it's like to need fuel on the go, and jerky is a convenient, tasty, nutritious snack people have enjoyed for centuries. Let's take a moment to appreciate our jerky in all of its glory. I can't think of anything more satisfying than ripping into a meaty, chewy, delicious piece of jerky! Ooh! Almost brings a tear to my eye. Pan's is high in fiber and vitamin D. It's paleo, soy‐free, gluten‐free, and there are just six simple ingredients in our original recipe. And all our flavors have their own unique umami tastes. Well, I didn't mean to go on and on about our jerky without you being able to taste it. I'd love for you each to take a bite, so please go ahead. Now, I can't wait to hear your thoughts, but before you share them, I have to admit something. That marvelously meaty texture that you're experiencing ‐‐ That's great. Really good. Thank you. Love it. ...is actually... mushrooms! Mm! That's right! Pan's Mushroom Jerky! I was wondering why it was so soft. I love it even more! This is great. We have four delicious flavors. Oh, my God. Original, Zesty Thai, Salt and Pepper, and Applewood Barbecue. All of them have a delicious flavor and satisfying texture that fans of jerky love. Now, Sharks, I'm seeking $300,000 in exchange for 10% equity. Who's ready to take another bite? Wow, that was a great reveal. Thank you. These are all shiitakes, by the way. So, tell us your story. How did you get into mushroom jerky? So, my father was born and raised in a small fishing village in Malaysia. Luckily, I had the opportunity to go visit family to learn about my heritage and where I came from. And one of these visits to Malaysia, there was a bowl of food on the table. I reached in and try it, and immediately, I thought, "Oh, this is great. It must be pork." I was really confused. The person who served it was my cousin, and he was vegetarian Buddhist, and he had been making the snack for himself, for his family, for people in the area and selling it locally. And as vegetarians, they had a really hard time finding foods that not only tasted great, but also had a really great texture. And mushrooms are very satisfying and also very healthy. I was blown away, and I knew at that point that we had something that had to be shared with the rest of the world. What does it cost landed, and what's the store selling at? We make it for $1.67. Okay. Our MSP is between $7.99 and $8.99. Who's your biggest chain right now selling it? Whole Foods. Whole Foods? Okay. Yeah, we're in two regions of Whole Foods at the moment. What did you say your sales were? In 2018, we ended at $300,000 to start off with. In 2019, we more than doubled. We got to about 755K, and I'm happy to say in 2020 so far, we're at $620,000 in sales. And how many stores are you in now? We're in over 700 stores right now. And where are most of your sales coming from? 60% of our sales are on retail, and 40% are online. So, how much have you invested yourself and have you raised any money, and if so, how much? Yeah. So, I put in $100,000 myself. And how much did you raise from outside? None. All bootstrapped. What about borrowing or anything? I have borrowed, and we have a few loans, and, obviously, with COVID happening, we were one of the businesses that took advantage of the PPP loan. I also took an SBA COVID Disaster loan, as well. Would you say you're on track to do $1 million this year? Yes, and we think we're gonna get 1.5. 1.5? We're about $95,000 to $100,000 in sales a month right now. I want to talk about something more exciting and fun ‐‐ How good it tastes. Yes. Which is ‐‐ Which is these. Incredible. Thank you. Look at this. I have none left. You're not the only one. Seriously, I'm in the bags here. Yeah. This is fantastic. Thank you, Lori. Totally my cup of tea. Now, is there anybody else doing this? There are others starting to do this, and that's obviously why I'm here. We want to move faster. But we really rely on, our taste and texture is superior to anyone else. Michael, you making money yet? We are. Our margin's around 77% across all channels at the moment. What will the company make if it hits its sales targets this year? In profit. In profit. So far this year, we are netting $61,000. So you're saying there's a 10% profit margin? So, I'm gonna just sum this all up. You're offering 10% for $300,000. You would have to grow the company significantly for me to make at least twice my money back, right? And I like this stuff, but for me to get my money back and a little something extra, it's a long road. So I'm out. Thank you very much. So, I want you to know, I adore this. I love jerky, but I don't want to eat jerky. I don't want to eat high sodium. This is so healthy. It tastes fantastic ‐‐ all of them. Blake and I were talking. Between the two of us, we'd like to make you an offer. And I want to share a little bit of our thinking. My Bantam Bagels, we got into Starbucks nationwide, and that was 9,000 stores. Starbucks is great. If you can get in there and on their shelf, they don't have a lot of things to pick, They don't. and they like healthy stuff like this. Starbucks is gonna love this. And we both have incredible relationships there. Yes. And then the Whole Foods, Albertsons, Kroger, even Wal‐Mart ‐‐ everybody wants something like this. So, our thought was to try to blow this up into all those places. But Blake's gonna tell you our ask, because to do that, we need to be special partners. "Special partners." Yeah, I mean, here's the thing. I only make two, maybe three investments a year. And the reason I do that is, I want to come in and be a founder. I want to be a partner. I want to be, like, really building something. And I think this has enormous potential. Sounds expensive. What I like about where you are right now is, it reminds me a lot of where I was at Toms, in that until I sold Toms, I owned 100% of the business. I brought in a 50% partner seven years in... Ohhhh! ...to help grow globally. I smell 50%. And, um... Are you gonna bring this offer? It's not gonna be that strong. Let's hear it. - That's a great way to tee it up, though. - I think it's 40%. I think it's 40. I think it's 20‐20. What Lori and I want to do is, we think the 300K, we'd love to do that, but we need to see 30% for us ‐‐ 15% for me and 15% for Lori. Michael ‐‐ Michael ‐‐ Now, before you interrupt, let me just say is, this show's not about, like, getting the very best deal. It's about getting the best partner, and a great partner is gonna build your business... Exactly. Far better than 5 or 10 percent points you might not have wanted to give away. So, we would love to be your partner. But also, we will blow it up. But I'm gonna do what Mark Cuban does all the time. I'm gonna say you have to tell us now. Well, Michael ‐‐ Michael, here. Just real quick. I've done this before. This would be added to the portfolio. I'll do 300K for 20% if you say yes now. No. No. You can't do that. It's now or never, Michael. One Shark is out. Michael has two offers on the table ‐‐ one from Blake and Lori and another from Mark for his mushroom jerky company, Pan's. What Lori and I want to do is, we think the 300K, we'd love to do that, but we need to see 30% for us ‐‐ - 15% for me and 15% for Lori. - Michael ‐‐ Michael, here. Just real quick. I've done this before. This would be added to the portfolio. I'll do 300K for 20% if you say yes now. No. No. You can't do that. Because Mark does that all the time. It's now or never, Michael. So, Blake ‐‐ Blake... Why would you want one Shark when you can have two? Don't do that. What are you gonna do? We are passionate about this. Passionate about it. Michael, I do it ‐‐ I've done it all the time. It's a decision how much equity you want to part with. He used the word "portfolio." You're just gonna be one of many people in his portfolio. No, no, the whole point is, they're all plant‐based companies, so we already are in Whole Foods. We already have Alyssa's. We already have Snacklins. You're not in Starbucks. And ‐‐ That's not true. That is not true, 'cause we just got Unreal Deli... He usually doesn't wait this long. You better watch... another plant‐based, we got them into Starbucks. Well, all I can say ‐‐ One of many or someone who's gonna focus? And I'm a vegetarian, so I live this. You have to make a decision. You have to make a decision. And I'm pretty much a vegetarian. What would you like to do, Michael? Wait, don't force him on... I am! This is a very big decision ‐‐ his whole business. Don't force him. Do you understand the offers? That's right. It's his life. Do you understand both offers? It's a lot going on in my head right now, but... Well, let's just highlight it. It's $300,000 for 30% or it's $300,000 for 20%. And two Sharks that are going to ‐‐ Mycoskie: But you get two Sharks or one. And I'd say I'm more than just one Shark because I'm gonna be more focused on this. Yeah, but the difference is, I've done it multiple times. We're really like three Sharks - 'cause we're each 1 1/2 Sharks. - Be truthful, Michael. Who do you want to do the deal with? I love all you guys. I mean, you guys are all amazing. You have to make a decision. Do you want a counter to Blake and me? I think we have an undecisive entrepreneur right here. Lori, let him think. Don't worry about it. It's only the most important decision of your life. I appreciate all the offers and all the interest and all the feedback. It means the world to me for how much effort I've put into this. It's very validating, so thank you. Just thank you. It's been a really crazy year. And...? Um... The equity side is a bit too much that I'm willing to give up. Ooh. So I don't know if there's a way to ‐‐ What would we do? And then, Mark, I mean, I'd love to work with you also, obviously. Is there any way you come down a little bit just to meet me somewhere? And I have to negotiate a little bit. 15%. Would that work? And we can get this done and start going. 18, you got a deal. No. I'll do it for 15. 18, you got ‐‐ Yes or no to 18? You just made me an offer. Are you gonna live up to it? I'll do it for 15. Mark, you got a deal. Unh! Unh! I love you guys. Mark jerked that from both of you! Yes! Mycoskie: How did that just happen?! Thank you! No! We're hugging next year. I'm telling you. Thank you so much. No! I love both of you very much. Look at me! John: I thought you were gonna blow that! Look at me! Look at me! Congratulations, man. Michael, Michael, Michael ‐‐ Look at me. You can change your mind. What just happened? You can change your mind. I thought we had a deal! Thank you very much. I loved it. I appreciate it. Let's go! We're gonna crush it! Let's go! Thank you. Were you in with Blake and then you snaked him and went in by yourself and said 15? Yes! Yes! Yes! Greiner: I‐I‐I ‐‐ I was doing whatever it takes. And then Mark snaked you both? You just got shitaake'd! That's it. We did! I've been on this path for a while, and being the sole entrepreneur for so long, you go through so many peaks and valleys, and... and this year especially, seeing your bank account go negative, seeing people's lives at risk... This is the biggest one of them all, and just to have this happen... is extremely emotionally satisfying. Sorry. I invested in Mo's Bows and Me & The Bees when they were just young kids. Now they've grown up, and I am so proud to see what they've accomplished. I strongly suggest that you don't take on investors at this time. I think that mentoring is more valuable. When I pitched on "Shark Tank," I was just 11 years old. I'm now 18 years old. Mo's Bows has now done $750,000 in sales. I appeared as a fashion correspondent for the ESPN NBA draft. I even got invited to the White House, where I met President Barack Obama and gave him his own bow tie. That was one of the greatest moments of my life. I decided to create a product that helps save the bees and uses my great‐granny Helen's recipe, as well. Alright. I pitched my business when I was just 9 years old. It's kind of unbelievable to me that as a 16‐year‐old, my product has now grown to have over 1,500 points of distribution in over 40 states. My business has now done well over $3 million in sales. I want to become a serial social entrepreneur and maybe even a Shark one day, like Mr. Daymond. Make sure you tell your wonderful families that I said hello. I love seeing you guys, and I love seeing your progress, and I can't wait to see you in person when this whole thing is over and be able to give you a big ol' hug. Thanks, Daymond. I love you. Mo and Mikaila are a true inspiration. I've watched them grow. I watched them grow their businesses. More importantly, I've watched them and their family challenge themselves and now inspire other people. And I couldn't be more proud of them. For kids who want to be entrepreneurs, my advice is to figure out what you like doing, find out how you can help other people by doing it. Also, find out how you can make money by doing that passion, as well. If you're a kid and you're looking to start a company, look around for things that could be fixed or improved, and don't be afraid to ask questions. A lot of people want to create change right now, and the easiest way to do that is to mentor somebody. I have so much hope for our next generation of entrepreneurs. They are out here to change the planet and reach for the stars, to educate people and keep inspiring people, and they are inspiring me, as well. Next up is a way to protect your loved ones from dangers in the air. Oh! Hi, Sharks. My name is Kirby Holmes. I'm from Austin, Texas. This is my cousin. Hey, Sharks. My name's Evan Daugherty, also from Austin, Texas. And we're here seeking $200,000 for 20% of our company. We live in a time when people are questioning the quality of the air they breathe, with an increase in smoke from wildfires, dust storms, and ‐‐ oh, yeah ‐‐ the coronavirus. And while we've all gotten more comfortable wearing a filter mask to protect ourselves from air pollution and other threats, what about the ones we really love? Dogs... - are like members of our family. - You're kidding me. My dogs would kill me if I put this on them. And that is why we created the world's first air filter mask for dogs, called the K9 Mask. Now pet owners have a safe and effective way to protect their pets from air pollution and other threats. It's specifically designed to fit the shape of a dog's muzzle. Our N95 and activated carbon air filters are replaceable, so you can wash the mask, because we know dogs ‐‐ they make a super slobbery mess. That's right. The canine mask also comes in four different sizes to fit various muzzle shapes. It features two adjustable straps... ...one around the neck and one around the chin to provide a secure fit but still allowing your dog room to pant ‐‐ something we can all wag our tails at. Sharks, who's ready to help all dogs breathe better with a K9 Mask? Why? So, it's a carbon filter? It's an N95... An N95? And activated carbon air filter. How did you come up with this idea? So, here's the story. Five years ago, I'm on a date with my wife. We're at a nice cafe. I go into the bathroom, and I'm washing my hands. Young guy walks in, looks really sharp. Now, the problem with that guy is, he was wearing a blue surgical mask. When was this? This is in 2015. Okay. And I thought, if this guy's trying to impress his date, it's not gonna work. I thought, you know, the problem with this guy is, he needed an air filter mask that would accessorize with his clothing. Well, I decided to start an affiliate website with stylish and fashionable air filter face masks. Then in 2017, when we saw that the California wildfires were beginning to increase in volume and intensity... There you go. And so when I saw on my website somebody used the search term on my website "air filter mask for dogs," boom, it hit me. That's a great idea. If people are struggling with air quality, like wildfire smoke ‐‐ People love their pets. Okay. I get it in a wildfire, So, really, it was for fires. but think about the problem you're gonna have with dogs. Dogs, they stake out their territory with urine. And it's very important when you're walking your dog that they check out who's in town. Sure. Yeah, but, Kevin, that's irrelevant. It's absolutely irrelevant. Look, if you're by the wildfires in California and you're trying to protect your pet - and you haven't been evacuated... - Right. ...what are you gonna do? Right? 'Cause your pet is ‐‐ This is not a leisure product. You're talking about a casual situation where your dog's on a walk. We're talking about a crisis situation. So, this is crisis masks? Yes. Now, that's why we created the product, but listen ‐‐ here's the other things that are happening around the world. When there is a red tide, toxic algae bloom that's around Florida... Right. ...that is a toxin that you don't want to breathe, and you don't want your dog to breathe. Correct. So, Kirby, I give you $200,000. How do I find these special‐situation dog owners? 'Cause I can't sell to the dogs. They don't have credit cards. You go anywhere that's had a wildfire. Why don't we ask them about their sales? 'Cause then they're gonna either prove us right or wrong. Exactly. Yeah. What are your sales? So, $204,000 in the last 14 months. Ooh. So, people worried about this during COVID. Did you get a spike? Yes. Now, we did $45,000 in sales last year. We had $159,000 in sales this year. I love that you created this, that you're caring about dogs. I mean, you should have them for cats, too. Yeah, try putting one on a cat. Well, why stop there? What about raccoons? What about rats? What about mice? They need masks. We have thought about the design for cats, for horses. We haven't got into the pricing. Sorry. How much are you retailing it for? How much does it cost? Retails for $59. And how much does it cost landed to make? Costs us $25. They're made here? Oh, you're made here? So, don't you, you know ‐‐ Another alternative's you just get a new dog. Like, that is expensive. Oh, God. Who is this guy? I think it's a brilliant idea. I think it's a great execution. The real problem I'm having, the sales aren't enough, right? You got to explain to me why sales aren't dramatically higher. It would be great if more people knew about our brand. We need to get awareness around this product. I love the part of your story about, you know, kind of seeing what people are searching for. But now more than ever, people are searching for masks, and I assume they're searching ‐‐ some ‐‐ for masks for dogs, but that's not translating into sales. And so that's where I have the biggest problem with this. No one's buying. Well, it's up to you to decide. Is no one buying when you sell 200,000 of something ‐‐ $200,000 worth of something? People are buying. Well, they're buying, but I think what Blake is saying is that it's just not buying in the type of magnitude that you might expect. For me, this is just too niche. So, I wish you good luck. Understand. But I'm out. - Thank you, Lori. - Thank you, Lori. The one thing we really need from somebody here is to say, "Hey, let's lower the cost of your manufacturing." It's a good product, like I said earlier. The real problem I'm having, the sales aren't enough. So for those reasons, I'm out. Okay. Thanks, Mark. Thanks, Mark. I love where your heart's at. Like, I have four dogs myself, and I would do anything to protect them in a challenging situation. Absolutely. But, like Lori said, I just don't think that you proved that there's a big enough market of people who are gonna pull the trigger and spend $59 for this. So for that reason, I wish you the best, but I'm out. Thanks, Blake. Yeah. Thanks, Blake. No. I'm out. I think maybe what some of you are missing, though, are people feel like their pet is a part of their family. And if a member of your family I think we understand that, is in crisis and hurting and there's potential harm ‐‐ but everybody's saying the same thing. Like, $200,000 worth of sales, it's not horrible. I mean, it's proof of concept. It shows that there's a need. But I'm gonna make you an offer. Oh! So, the deal is $200,000 for 45%. Ouch. Mm. Daymond, do you have any flexibility on your equity? Yeah. 55% for $200,000. Okay. Now you know where you stand, but at least you have an offer. Right. Daymond, I appreciate the offer. What do you want to do? Would you be willing to go down to 30% No. to be a part of this with us? No, I'm only giving you ‐‐ I'm only asking 45 so that you guys own majority of the company. I would normally ask 50%. 'Cause this is ‐‐ I'm literally 50% gonna throw away my money. Would you do a deal at 40% with us? Alright. You got a deal. There you go! Thank you, Daymond! Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof! We're gonna help a lot of dogs. This dawg right here, alright? Nice job, guys. Thank you, guys. We'll care for you. Congrats, guys. Thank you so much, guys. Appreciate it. Congrats. Yes! We did it, man! I can't believe it. We got a deal with these guys. Love it! I'm just thinking, when I'm in the city when I'm walking my dog, my dog is smelling everything, and I really just thought about it ‐‐ holy crap. That snout has been coming in after smelling a bunch of ‐‐ Yeah, it's kinda gross. Daymond, can you imagine the first time you try to put that on a German Shepherd? No way that my dog ‐‐ That German Shepherd looks really pissed off. They all look pissed. Next into the Tank is an easier way to achieve peace and tranquility. Hi. I'm Aisha. And I'm Faheem, and we're seeking $200,000 in exchange for 10% of our business, Moment. Have you ever had one of those stressful afternoons in the office, the ones that are filled with endless meetings, deadlines, and to‐dos? I know I have! And what makes it even worse is that every time you're looking for some relief, everything you're surrounded by is either sugary or caffeinated. It would give me the jitters! Well, that used to be the case, until this Moment! Moment is a natural botanical beverage that reduces stress and feels like meditation! Moment uses a proprietary formulation that stimulates the same alpha brain waves as does meditation. We use three primary active ingredients to make that happen ‐‐ L‐theanine and natural extract of green tea. Number two is ashwagandha, an ancient Ayurvedic root. And number three is tulsi, our holy basil, an adaptogenic verb. Moment is the first product in the world that lets you drink your meditation. And what makes it even better is that each Moment has less than 15 calories, no sugar, no caffeine, nothing artificial. And ‐‐ Oh, my goodness! Each one is absolutely delicious! Sharks, stress is a major problem ‐‐ today more than ever. And this is the Moment to solve it. Man. I mean, what a performance. Yeah. So, Sharks, now it's time for you to take a Moment for yourself. We've got all three of our flavors for you to sample. On your left, you've got Tulsi Lemon, a drink I grew up having in Pakistan. You've got Rooibos Blood Orange, inspired by South Africa, which is where Faheem is from. Is there any artificial sweetener in here? There's no artificial sweetener. No artificial ‐‐ Nothing artificial at all. This is pretty damn good. Love it! Great. That's great to hear. I love the space of dealing with the chronic stress in our country. Yeah. A company that I'm a co‐founder of right now, Madefor, that's our entire mission. I meditate every day. It's had a huge impact on my life. Not to be cynical, but I don't understand how a drink is gonna give me the same feeling of this practice that I've curated over years and years. Absolutely. We found that meditation helped us be a lot more focused, a lot more creative. But all our friends find it very difficult to actually get into. And one of the key reasons that we started this was to help people get an entry point into meditation. We're trying to create a habit in a person's daily life, and every time somebody actually subscribes for Moment, a portion of our proceeds actually goes to helping kids in school learn about mindfulness. Great. Tell us about you. Yeah, where'd you go to drama school? So, I have been working in supply chain and logistics for the last 10 years. I grew up in Pakistan, where my dad was a small entrepreneur. I was fortunate enough to get into Harvard Business School, which is how I ended up moving here. Um... My dad would've been so proud to see me here today, had he been alive. I, um... You know, honestly, it's been a very difficult journey. My dad was amazing. I remember when I got into college, there was people calling him and telling him that he should not send me to college because that's not the right decision, given I was a girl, but my parents, they stood up against everyone. And not only that, when I graduated from college, I wanted to pursue a professional life. My parents pushed back against everyone to make sure I didn't get into an arranged marriage situation. I wanted to go explore the world, and my parents supported me through that. And that's how I ended up going to South Africa. Like, I found a job there, I moved there, and that's when I met Faheem. So, I'm from South Africa. I have always been involved in this kind of entrepreneurial space. My last startup was fortunate enough to be funded by Google and was chosen as the best startup in South Africa at the time. What was it? It was a consumer tech startup that helped people share and discover shopping deals. Love the backstory. Now tell the front story. Now we're gonna talk about Moment. Awesome. What is the game plan for world domination? Honestly, we got into the beverage industry ‐‐ we realized that we were cockroaches in the industry because of all these behemoths... That's important. ...and because of the margin structure and distribution. We totally understand. That's why we chose an online‐first distribution model. So, we just launched a month and a half back, and we've already done $15,000 in sales. We've grown 400% and are on track to do $1.5 million of sales this year. And what's the price for each one, and what's it cost you? Yeah, so, we sell it for $1.69, excluding shipping. It costs us 90 cents to make it right now. Shipping per can is about 80 cents. Do you know what your customer acquisition cost is yet? It's a little bit over $20. $20 customer acquisition cost on how much of an initial order? Between an $18 and a $30. So you're losing money on the first order. That's totally right. Yeah. But we are really driving towards a subscription model, which drives us towards our longer‐term value. And, honestly, our purpose is to really understand the customer and build that relationship. Guys, I mean, I see what you're trying to accomplish. It's, "Let's get people who are into this lifestyle excited." You're selling on the improvement that you find in your life. That's your value proposition. You know, that's where the real value comes, and this just happens to be the delivery mechanism that you've chosen. The question becomes, is this the right vehicle? And at $30 every two weeks, or $15, that's gonna be a challenge for me. And so for those reasons, I'm out. The beverage industry is probably the most difficult industry on Earth to gain share in. Om! Let's talk with that for a moment. We embrace the fact that it's hard. Yeah. But wait. It gets better. Never in the history of beverage, from the time of Genghis Khan, has anybody got a subscription model to work. Ever! Never! Not once. But wait ‐‐ you're gonna try and do that. So, "om" on the first problem, breaking into an impossible sector. And secondly, doing something that's never been done before. And you want a valuation of $2 million on something you've just started. Wait, wait, wait. Now we go to Greek mythology. Oh, no. Don't. Oh, no! We don't have enough time for this! Because Atlas was cursed... We do not have enough time. ...to carry the Earth on his back. That's what you're doing. I really like you guys. We really like you, as well. But you couldn't have come into the Tank with more weight on you than this. I'm out. Listen, first off, I just have to say, you not only do your father proud, but you do all women proud. Thank you. Your packaging is beautiful. I love it. It draws you right to it. But for me, I feel that this concept, the subscription concept part of it, I'm not sure about, because I'm not sure that people want to have delivered their drinks. For that reason, I'm sorry ‐‐ I'm out. Thank you. We appreciate those kind words. I do agree that you can get subscription models, but in a different way. I think if you had a concentrated form ‐‐ I have a subscription model for turmeric and a lot of other vitamins, which I think that you could concentrate this and put it in a little bottle and squeeze it into water. But I'm not here to change your business model. I see there's potentially a lot of challenges. So with that, I'm out. Thank you. Thanks for the feedback. Okay, it's me. Whoo‐hoo! I think that Moment is an amazing name. I love that you're taking a portion of the proceeds of your company and giving them back to helping children learn to meditate. I'm also a huge believer in science and using science to help address the chronic stress that millions of Americans experience every day. The problem here is, I would be a hypocrite if I said that I think a drink can do what everything else I think in my life has shown me, and that is, you got to do the work, and you got to do the habits so you can get to a place where you can address these stresses of modern living. So because of that... I'm out. Sorry, guys. Okay. Thank you very much for all your feedback. Thank you so much. Appreciate it, guys. Good luck, you guys. Congratulations on what you accomplished. Thank you. Thank you. We started this business because we wanted to have a real impact on people's lives, and we're still as excited as ever about doing that. So from here on, it's getting Moment out to the rest of America. Next up is a cleaner, eco‐friendly way to cook outdoors. Hi, Sharks. I'm Riki Franco. And I'm Oron Franco, and we're from New York City. We're here asking for $200,000 for 10% equity in our company. Sharks, summertime means soaking up the great outdoors and grilling up a mouthwatering masterpiece. But let's face it ‐‐ grilling with traditional charcoal we've all been accustomed to has become more work than it's worth. From lugging bags of heavy coals, constantly babysitting the fire, and cleaning up all this messy ash ‐‐ Yikes. It leaves you with no time to enjoy your food and your company. So, Sharks, we reinvented this outdated experience and elevated it to a whole new level. We created... Prime 6! Our charcoal is 100% sustainable, all‐natural, made solely from repurposed sawdust. Our hexagon shape allows heat to evenly distribute throughout the grill, burning longer and hotter than any other. And the best part ‐‐ it's completely reusable. That's right. When you're done grilling, simply turn it off, close the lid to choke the oxygen, and let the fire rest. And when you're ready to get back to grilling again, you can simply relight it. And when it finally does burn all the way out, there is no cleanup. Prime 6 is self‐consuming, leaving your grill with low to no ash. Our product is all‐natural and chemical‐free, made with absolutely no nasty fuels or additives, to help save trees while keeping you and Mother Nature healthy in the process. So, tell us ‐‐ who's burning to light up a deal with us? Whoo! Good job. Good job, guys. Can you tell us what it's made out of? It's not compressed coal? It's not compressed coal. It's actually compressed sawdust. We use only hardwood, and we compress the sawdust first, and then we carbonize it to create the product. And what does it cost versus ordinary charcoal? We're paying less than half on any average charcoal because our briquettes saves you three times the amount of charcoal you would ‐‐ So, the value proposition is, I don't have to clean up a mess, I'm paying half as much, I'm burning hotter. Price point ‐‐ for the same‐size log, it's the same price? Yes. So, one of these versus the log that I might ‐‐ a 9‐pound log that I might see at a Home Depot? Let me answer that. This 9‐pound actually cost $18.99, retail price, but it is actually equal to 30 pounds of charcoal. You sell this for $18.99 retail, and what's it cost you to make it? $3.39. That's not bad. We currently sell the 22‐pound to Wal‐Mart for $26.64, and we sell the 9‐pound for anywhere from $10.99 to $12.99. How did you come up with this idea? We saw a similar‐looking product in Vietnam years ago. So, had that stuck with you for years? Like, you constantly talk about "Remember that charcoal?" We always talked about it. We always talked about that. And, you know, back home, we used to grill all the time. Like, this is something that's part of the family ‐‐ But the Vietnam story tells me something else. There's nothing proprietary about this, right? We haven't gotten to that part yet. One second. You're jumping the gun. Well, chop‐chop. We said, "Listen, we want to be making this ‐‐ We want to be taking this process and making it 100% sustainable." What we do, we take the sawdust when it's still raw, we compress it under, you know, a few tons of pressure While it's wet? No. You heat it up a little bit. You get it warm. The natural oils from that sawdust are enough to bind it back to wood ‐‐ denser than any wood you would find in nature ‐‐ and carbonize it like lump charcoal. Do you have a patent? We have applied for a provisional patent, we have applied for a design patent, and we have a patent pending on the hexagon packaging, as well. So, how long will this burn for? This will burn four to eight hours. Really? Depending on the size of the... Without replenishing. Sales? Yes. So, we launched 12 months ago. We are currently over $300,000 in sales, and we're selling food service, retail, both in stores and e‐commerce. And how are you selling? Are you advertising or are you going door to door? Distributors are most of your sales? Let me tell you the story. So, we basically loaded the back of our cars, and I went out driving every day to restaurants, to stores, basically... Hustle, hustle, hustle... selling the product. Wow. And then, also, I noticed you've said the word "sustainable" several times, and it's at the very top of your packaging here. So what is your mission with the company? I don't think you can do anything, really, without doing some good, as well. I agree. So the fact that it's natural and it's made from sawdust is actually cleaning waste. There's another element to the company. That is, you buy one, we plant one. Mm. So we've partnered up with this amazing organization called One Tree Planted. Cool. And for every pack, whether it's the 9‐pound or the 22‐pound, we plant a tree. And what does that cost you to do that? $1 per tree. $1. You valued this business at 2 million bucks ‐‐ $200,000 for 10%, right? Yeah. You're not making any money yet after you pay yourselves? That's not true, actually. We don't pay ourselves, and we are profitable. Wait. You don't pay yourselves? No. But we will pay for ourselves starting next week. You will what? Uh‐oh! Oh! You're pulling out a purchase order. What you got? This is a $130,000, six‐figure PO from Lowes that arrived yesterday, and this is our first launch. Good for you. Good for you. Going next week, making us a $450,000 company. Okay. That's attractive. But that's the beginning of the journey. You want to make this thing big, you're gonna accept this offer. You ready for it? Yeah. There's a reason they call me Mr. Wonderful. You know that. We know that. I'll give you the $200,000 for 25%. Mm. 25%, and I'll tell you why. This is gonna take work. You got to open up doors. I'd rather sell it direct, frankly. Yeah. We did 65% direct. Yeah, I'd rather blow that up because right now, retail's chaos. You learned yourself how hard it is. Yeah. But that's the deal. It would make me get up in the morning... That's actually one of the better offers It is. It actually is. Thank you, Mr. Wonderful. So, Mark and I did a deal a few years back with a product called InstaFire. Are you familiar with it? Yeah. InstaFire, you know, was a fire starter. And it's not a charcoal briquette like this. But my problem here is that Mark and I do have InstaFire and... Is it a conflict of interest? I'm concerned about that... Yeah. ...because I don't want to do a deal with a company where you're competing with the company we already have. Because I'm not sure, I, regrettably, am out. What you've been able to accomplish is great, but it's just not a product that I can get excited about, particularly with InstaFire, you know, 'cause I think it would create some conflicts for me in working with them. So for those reasons, I'm out. I appreciate it. Thank you, Mark. Alright, well, you got an offer on the table ‐‐ - you know, Kevin. - Yeah, I mean... You want to do anything? You want to do it together or...? I don't know. No, no. Don't need any help on this one. While you guys think about it, I just want to say, I have to be super, super passionate about it, and I just don't feel that personal passion that you guys have. And so for that reason, I'm going to be out. Okay. Thank you, Blake. Let me tell you one thing, Daymond, before you ‐‐ Wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait. Let's remember that Mr. Wonderful made you an offer. If Daymond drops out, bad things could happen, because then I have ultimate leverage. Three Sharks are out. Riki and Oron have an offer on the table from Kevin for their innovative charcoal company, Prime 6, but they have yet to hear from Daymond. Think about the jeopardy. Now, I'm Mr. Wonderful for a reason ‐‐ 'cause I'm wonderful. But if I know Daymond's out... I may squeeze a little bit. But Daymond isn't out. Okay, Mr. Wonderful. Why don't you starting thinking about the only offer you have? Let me counter. Would you do it for 20%? Oh, Kevin! Okay. And I'll tell you why. 'Cause you don't trust your own skills to grow the company. I'm in this space. It is tough. It is hard. It's not gonna be easy to sell restaurants for another year and a half. I want to go direct to customer. I have the channels to do that. And I'm also Chef Wonderful. We are not selling retail. You know why? There is no retail right now. It's very, very hard to get paid. And you're giving up 35% margin. That's the problem. I'd rather capture that margin for us so I can wet my beak. You understand. I do. Okay. There's a lot of good logic right there. I mean, I'm out of the deal, but if I'm an entrepreneur right now and I just heard that, I think I might take this deal. Kevin makes a lot of sense. Of course he does. He's Mr. Wonderful. Daymond, if you don't mind, I would love to hear... Listen, I am a professional griller. Yes, we know. Really? I am. But you are not a chef. I'm a professional griller. That's interesting. I came from a neighborhood where simple and plain, the person behind the grill is the closest you'll ever get to royalty. That's it. Alright? So, I'm gonna match Kevin's offer ‐‐ $200,000 for 25%. Ooh, decisions, decisions. Well, then. Remember ‐‐ It it just "Who do you like more?" Can you give us a few seconds? Okay. Okay. That's what you do. Kevin, you have a deal. You like Kevin more?! Oh, Daymond! Daymond! Wow! Oh, my God! Thank God I realized they were not bright. I'm gonna sell the out of this. Congratulations, guys. Well done. - Congrats, guys. - Take care. Oh, my God! What just happened?! What just happened? This is so surreal! This is insane. This is surreal! We sold from the back of our car a year ago. I mean, literally from the back of the car. And to think that a year from now, we will be, you know, so far ahead, millions of dollars in sales and having Kevin on the team, it's just... It's phenomenal. To "Shark Tank"! This is the American dream for us. Yeah. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 