World on Fire: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 World on Fire 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 World on Fire (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 Harry and his unit fight for their lives in the city of Leuven in Belgium, where the Allied forces are outnumbered by the Germans. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (explosions) (men shouting) I want him back! I want my boy back! (chair rattling) SCHMIDT: There is no euthanasia program. NANCY: Then I'll just continue making a nuisance of myself. That wouldn't be advisable. ROSSLER: You have brought them to our door! You have led them to our door! JAN: Harry, Kasia. Husband, wife. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 HARRY: You're having a baby. Why didn't you tell me? LOIS: I have to look after myself, Harry. - (gunshot) - Come on! Come on! (gunshot) ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ (planes roaring) (bombs dropping, explosions) (inhales, exhales) (planes soaring) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 STAN: Looks like we found Jerry, then. At least we don't need a map. (chuckles) (planes continue roaring, explosions nearby) NANCY: The phony war has reached a dramatic end with the British expeditionary force engaging in battle with the Nazi force in the town of Louvain. Are the Germans better equipped than their opponents? Yes, without doubt. They are better equipped, better prepared, but most ominously, 136 German divisions advanced into Belgium and Holland with Allied troops numbering just half that. The question is will Louvain suffer the same fate as Warsaw? The key to this war and Nazi victories is efficiency. (plane soaring above, explosion) (men shouting) (debris falling, heavy breathing) I see efficiency, in every aspect of German life and society and their efficiency in eliminating their opponents, both at home and abroad, is something I'll talk about more deeply later in the week. (whistle blowing) (people chatting) Peace News. Peace News, lads. Peace News, madam? - Sir? - No, no thanks. Peace News, ladies... How's business? Ah, it's quiet for now. But, uh... it'll pick up now the lads are starting to come home in pieces. Are you in for your tea? I've got something important I want to talk about. What's that then? You having a baby? - Who told you? - Nobody. Your mother had two of you, remember. I'm shell-shocked, Lois, I'm not stupid. ♪♪ (door closes) (exhales) (whispering in Polish): _ (soft chuckle) (whispering in Polish): _ (soft chuckle) (tearful, high-pitched): _ (whispering): _ (door opens, closes) (laughs quietly) (footsteps approaching) (distant plane soaring above) (whispering): _ ♪♪ ♪♪ (woodpecker pecking in distance) (wind blowing eerily) (soldiers speaking German nearby) ♪♪ (soldiers continue speaking) (speaking German) ♪♪ GRZEGORZ (in Polish): _ (whispering): _ (soldier shouting) SOLDIER (in German): _ MICHAEL (in German): _ ♪♪ (Michael shouting, gunshots) (soldiers shouting) (rapid gunfire, shouting) (bullets whizzing by) ♪♪ GRZEGORZ: _ (panting) (soldiers shouting, rapid gunfire) SOLDIER (in German): _ (panting) - (sniffles, pants) - (footsteps approach) (gun cocks) ♪♪ (pulls trigger, gun clicks) (metal rattling, heavy breathing) Did you try to kill me? (shaky breathing, weeping) (shaky breathing) (quietly weeping) We shake hands. (gunshot, falls to the ground) (rifling through his clothes) (heavy breathing) KONRAD: _ ♪♪ (distant shouting, Webster groans) I have to go. (people chattering) WEBSTER: There are more wounded coming from the front line in Belgium all the time. We're running out of beds. Who are they? HENRIETTE: They're Jewish. The woman is heavily pregnant. They were attacked in the street. They were too scared to go anywhere else. WEBSTER: They shouldn't be here. (shaky breathing) (quietly): You know the rules. (labored breathing) It's quite a cut. It was quite a brick. (rifling through tools) Somebody attacked you? The anti-Semites. It's why we are leaving. England, we hope. (hisses, groans) Sorry, my wife doesn't like me to speak of these things. Not to strangers, in authority... Well, I might be a stranger, but I can assure you, I have no authority. (children's excited chatter) (keys jingling) We've company... That's so cold in my pocket. I'm gonna warm it up. That should do it. Will you blow on it for me? Where is it? Wait a minute... - It's here, behind your ear. - Wow. (laughing) They're married? Are you telling me this to hurt me? Think I'm over that now - if truth be told... - No! (stammering): I'm telling you because I think it's unfair that you're kept in ignorance. You can say that again. I have no more wish to believe it than you. But there's no malice in Jan. He hasn't made it up. He was rather pleased that he's got the words right. And the facts. Harry has always been an impulsive boy. - That's one word for it. - Big on gesture, small on consequence. (exhales) Try not to judge him too harshly. (hoofbeats clomping outside) Boys are hard on their mothers. Until they meet other women to be mean to. And then contempt turns to pity. (soft chuckle) (chuckles) What are you thinking? I was thinking that if I'd known Harry was going to marry a Polish waitress, that I would have regarded you as more of a prospect. (grabs handbag, footsteps retreating) (shakily exhales) (cups clattering) ♪♪ (sighs) Don't say anything. ♪♪ Why didn't you tell her, you were having his kid? She doesn't need to know. She really doesn't. ♪♪ The so-called "Mercy Killing" program is not a subject for broadcast. Fine. What should I call it? "Life Unworthy of Life"? Uh... "Involuntary Euthanasia"? - "Child Murder"? - You know that we can't broadcast material that may be misinterpreted. I think the American public understands what state murder is. I imagine they do. Nobody does it like the Americans, after all. That professor in charge of this program, he said you were the brave ones. for doing this. Well, brave, but not that brave, hey? (typewriter keys clacking) ♪♪ HESSE (in German): _ SCHNEIDER: _ HESSE: _ Ja. HESSE: _ (women speaking) (slaps, Rossler cries out) HESSE: _ ♪♪ (shakes hands) (door opens) (footsteps approaching) Please, Nancy, sit down. - Drink? - Nancy! - I have work. - Nancy! Hello. - (chuckles) - So you are saying the German army can't be stopped. So we're going to win. It certainly looks that way. Does that mean Klaus will be coming home soon? The better the war goes, the worse for Hilda. Not necessarily. She might become less of a priority. Oh, Nancy, please, don't lie to me. What was the first thing we said when we defeated the French? The Negros and the Jews need teaching with a sharp sword. The first thing. When they win, then their ideas win. And one of their ideas is to kill children like Hilda. (door closes) ROSSLER: _ - Yes. - CLAUDIA: _ I should go. I should go. - Please... - Yes, you should. CLAUDIA: _ ROSSLER: _ CLAUDIA: _ (gasps) ♪♪ What's that? What does it mean? - ROSSLER: _ - Say it in English. So that Nancy can hear. Aren't you ashamed? (mirthless laugh) I can't afford the luxury of shame. I am protecting my daughter. Why can't you see that?! I know it. Miss Campbell knows it. Tell her, Frau Campbell, tell her, this drunken wife of mine that I'm right to do this! The Nazis are going nowhere. The Nazis are going to win. And the only thing that keeps Hilda safe is if we are on their side. ♪♪ (keys clacking) (exhales) (typewriter bell chimes) ♪♪ (birds twittering Please... (coins jingling) ♪♪ (music box playing) (whispering): _ (music box continues playing) (exhales) (knock at door) (door opens) Are you okay? I need to talk to you. I'm Jewish, Webster. My papers are forged. I'm Jewish. Is that all? If the Nazis march into Paris... It won't just be me who is in trouble. It will bring attention to the hospital. What about your family? They got out early when they saw the way it was in Germany. They knew France would follow. If you still want me to stay and fight, I will. Henriette, you're risking your life to be here. You don't need my permission. You need my thanks. ♪♪ (playing jazz music) How much longer will it be like this? If Belgium falls, we won't have much longer. (music fades) (chuckles) What are you smiling about? Being here. With you. ♪♪ Mm. ♪♪ Webster. Christ. What is this? What is that? ALBERT: The fascists are on to me. They know where I live. ♪♪ How does it feel to be a target, Webster? I was a fairy growing up on a military base in Texas. Albert, believe me, I already know what it's like to be a target. I'm sorry. I know. No. I'm sorry. I... (scoffs) I thought you'd be safe here. You should come stay with me. I'll never be safe anywhere in the world, Webster. People have got plenty of choice of what they might want to hate me for. ♪♪ So here we are. Here we are. ♪♪ ♪♪ (upbeat music playing) CONNIE: ♪ It was just one of those things ♪ (music continues) ♪ Just one of those ♪ ♪ Crazy flings ♪ ♪ One of those bells that now and then rings ♪ (music fades, becomes distorted) Sorry. I just couldn't... I don't know why. Don't you? For someone who doesn't care that Harry got married you seem pretty cut up about it. I didn't want him back. I didn't want him to marry me. No one would blame you if you did. That's not what hurts me. What hurts is that... I wanted a Harry back that doesn't exist. A version I've been carrying around with myself all this time. And it was never real. That's what hurts. ♪♪ (clears throat) So make sure you've written your letters home. Already wrote last month. What am I gonna tell her? STAN: You know what the officer means. Er... to your mother or a loved one, Taff. Or that sheep you left behind. (laughing) Send her a bit of moss to remember you by. HARRY: I mean it, lads. Think about your families. (men chatting) How many are you going to write, sir? Two sweethearts. You'll be up all night. What about you? Oh, I did mine the day I realized you were my C.O., sir. Wasn't even sure we'd make it alive out of basic training. (soft chuckle, soldiers laughing nearby) (laughing) Ah... (speaking German) (soldier laughing) (soldier laughing) Wait. Nein! - (belt buckle rattling) - Wait... ♪♪ (gunshot, casing clatters to the ground) ♪♪ (gunshot, casing clatters to the ground) (loud thud) (distant dog barking) ♪♪ (tanks rumbling) (light snoring) (exhales) STAN: Bloody hell, sir, have you been up writing all night? Well, I do hope there's no cock talk in it, sir. You don't want that read out at your funeral. I'm writing to my mother. (laughs, light snoring nearby) Sorry, sir, not ruined your flow, have I? TAFFY: Sarge! Sarge! Jerry's knocking on the front door! (tank rumbling, dog barking) (soldiers shouting) (tank rumbling) STAN: What are the orders, sir? Sir, what are the orders? (rumbling loudly) (quietly): I don't know. STAN: Look at me, sir. (rumbling stops, soldier shouting) Look at me! The order is that we get out of here and fall back now, sir. It needs to be now, sir, yeah? (soldier shouting orders) (shouting continues) Maybe sooner than now, sir. Right, lads, we're falling back. Back of the building. We don't engage. Go! (forcefully): Go! Go now, you peasants! Out! Out! ♪♪ (soldier shouting orders) (shaky breathing, gulps) God! ♪♪ (birds twittering) Oh, hello, Robina. It's Douglas, Lois's dad. Yes, I remember who you are, Douglas, I just don't remember making any arrangements. Oh, no, no, we didn't... We didn't. I just came on the off chance on my bike. That is self-evident. Well, it's a road racer, actually. - But it's an easy mistake to make. - (chuckles) You'd better come in. So, what do you think of Mr. Churchill, Douglas? A man we can all get behind, I'm sure you'll agree. (polite chuckle) (laughing): You don't have to be shy of disagreeing with me, Douglas. I don't care enough about politics to be offended if you have a different opinion. Well, let's just say I have my differences with Mr. Churchill and leave it at that. - And Mr. Hitler. - (picks up teacup) You have your differences with him, too, I take it. One or two, yes... (clears throat) Have you heard anything from Harry? These last few days at all? Well, he's not hiding from you or your daughter, if that's what you're worried about. Oh no, that's not what I mean. I, uh... he's with the British troops, isn't he? In France and Belgium? Yes, I know what you meant, Douglas. I'm afraid my humor isn't to everyone's taste. I'm not here to... chase Harry down with a shotgun. And Lois doesn't know I'm here. But you had the courage and good grace to come and tell my girl about your lad. And the thing is, and what she didn't tell you, what with pride and what have you, is that... she's having his baby. Harry's baby. Your Harry, she's... having his baby, like. ♪♪ You seem to have made... quite a hit with Jan. Have you time... for a game of chess? Yes. (clears throat) A while since I played like... Hello, Jan. C-four, Queen's Gambit if I were you. (soft chuckle) (birds twittering) (bomb whistling, loud explosion) (debris raining down) New orders. We dig in 20 miles north and prepare a new defensive line. Eh? When do we head down and batter the Krauts in the south? HARRY: We don't. We're going to head to northern France. And then we hold firm. Hold firm and drop back? That's a new one on me. Let's move. (rapid gunfire, men shouting) Take cover! Machine gun. (groaning loudly) (rapid gunfire continues, breathing heavily) Taffy, Stan, can you hold his fire? - (rapid gunfire continues) - We have to take that machine gun out. Keep him busy, and I'll work around the back. (rapid gunfire continues, heavy breathing) (groaning continues) Stuff you, Fritz. (gunshots, rapid gunfire) (groaning) Trust you to insult the one Jerry that speaks Welsh. (Bob wailing, gunshot) (nearby rapid gunfire) Keep at it, Taffy. Keep at it. I'm going to make sure silly bollocks doesn't get himself killed. (Bob groaning) It'll be all right, Bob. Think of all them winners at White City. When we get out of here that's what we'll do. A night at the dogs, you and me, Bob, all right? (wailing) (gunshots, rapid gunfire) (grunting, rapid gunfire) (speaking German) - Go on Taff! - (Bob groaning) (gunshots) (bullets whizzing by, glass shattering) ♪♪ (heavy breathing) (slowly places machine gun down) (heavy breathing, grunting) (grunting) (Harry shouts, grunting) (cries out, choking) (Harry breathing heavily) (choking last breath) (Harry breathing heavily, drops knife) ♪♪ (breathing heavily) You all right, sir? Yes. Thank you, Sergeant. ♪♪ (sniffles) ♪♪ (breathing heavily) (soldiers shouting in German) TOMASZ: _ TOMASZ: _ KASIA: _ (soldiers shouting continues) ♪♪ KASIA: _ Kasia! TOMASZ: _ KASIA: _ ♪♪ (soldiers shouting) (grunts) ♪♪ (shouting commands, camera humming) ♪♪ (officer shouting commands, guns rattling) (shouting commands continues, gunshots, crowd gasps) (breathing heavily) (officer shouting command) ♪♪ (sobbing) (sobbing continues) (sobbing continues) (door opens) (speaking German) (sobbing continues) (birds twittering) (distant tanks growing louder) (tanks rumbling) KONRAD: _ Hey! (shouting commands) - KONRAD: Hey! - (guns rattling) We are Polish! Don't shoot! (tanks rumbling) - Don't shoot. We are Polish! - We're Polish! (tanks rumbling) (din of the street, bird chirping) (brakes squeal) (children playing, excited chatter) Son. You all right, Dad? Bought you a canary. (oil sizzling, sputtering) DOUGLAS: Think we'll have to go with one rasher each. Dad, don't worry. Double rations when you're under fire. (chuckling): Yeah, give over... I was cooking all the way through the battle. A slice of my fried bread sunk a U-boat. (chuckles) - You don't have to pretend to be brave for me, lad. - Good. 'Cause I'm not going back. (chuckles) - What? - I'm not going back. I'm deserting. (oil sputtering, sizzling) That's why I came home to you. 'Cause I know you'd be the one to help me. (exasperated sigh) (birds twittering) (tank approaching) (cocks gun) (tank rattling) (rapid gunfire, soldiers shouting) (loud explosion) (debris raining, soldiers shouting) (gunshots, rapid gunfire) ♪♪ (loud explosion) (gunshot, Konrad grunts) Konrad... (rapid gunfire, shouting continues) (breathing heavily) Nie, nie, nie, nie, nie, nie, nie, nie! (sobbing) Somebody help me! Help me! (sobbing) (panting) (door closes) ♪♪ (distant bell tolling) I thought I was finally doing something for the right reasons. Something good. When I came up for air, and I saw our lads lying dead... some looking more like meat than bloke to be honest, Dad. I knew the German lads had the same. (stammers) I was right to be bad all along. So where's the sense of risking my life? You know... I'm done. I think you should go back. You want me to go back? To war? - That you hate. - No. I don't want you to go back. I just think that you should. Because it's me? And because it's me. They will use you to get at me. And they won't register you in a million years. (quietly): You don't know that, Dad. If the peace movement accept any lad who goes AWOL, then it will make us look as though we're encouraging deserters, not genuine conscientious objectors. And I'm not genuine? You don't think I'm genuine? Are you, son? I can be. If you coach me... And what if you get court-martialed for going AWOL? You could be hanged for desertion. Or getting beat to a pulp in prison every day, eh. You know what? Yeah, you're right. (exhales) Daft idea. You know, I just think... you should think it through... Yep. Not my strong suit, Dad. (footsteps ascending) ♪♪ (sniffs) Do you want me to talk to Dad? He's a pacifist, but he wants me to go back and start killing people. Why don't you ask him to explain that? Maybe he thinks you aren't a very good shot. Ha, ha... Is that one of your ENSA jokes? (chuckles) You know, for a moment, I thought he might be pleased. Just for a moment. Go back down there and fight him, then. Don't just give up. What does it matter to you, either way? I need you to stay here. I need my brother. What, you? You've never needed anything of me all my life. (cars driving by) Belongs to you. Take a look inside. I don't need to. I know what it is. It's my story. Your naivete. The idea that you could smuggle a story out like some sort of teenage spy. I will find a way to get this information out. Your euthanasia program is party policy, isn't it? I don't think it would be good for the Rosslers if you did. The Rosslers? Your neighbors? I don't think they want any more attention drawn to them or their daughter, do you? Are you threatening me? I'm just reminding you of your responsibilities to your hosts. The Rosslers are, after all, the "loving, ordinary German family living under the shadow of Nazi death clinics" that you refer to. I'll do nothing more with this story. And the Rosslers' child will be safe? The authorities will lose interest in her? (exhales) Yes. (grabs envelope) Not so much a threat as a mutual understanding, that's all. How can I trust you? (exhales) I don't know. How can I trust you? ♪♪ (footsteps retreating, door opens) Nancy! (chuckling): Hello, my little kitten! Are you feeling better? Much better, thank you. We are going away, we came to say goodbye. Just for a while. We have a summer house on the lake. Just Hilda and I. Papa says it is fun for us to go away somewhere, and nobody knows where. Papa's right. It is fun. Like a big game of hide and seek. HILDA: You could come see us one weekend. (chuckling): I would like that. Do you have a radio out there? Yes. So, every evening, tune into my broadcast... and raise a glass. And I will do the same in the full knowledge that one day we will be drinking one together. And all will be well. All will be well. Yes. Thank you. One day. HILDA: Papa, will be staying. (women chuckling) (speaking German): _ NANCY: _ (opens drawer, contents rustling) (closes drawer) American candy. Thank you, Nancy! ♪♪ (tapping door knocker, children playing) (birds twittering, dog barking) (sighs, taps loudly) (sighs) What you after, missus? - I was wondering if your father was home? - No. He'll be out flogging his paper. Are you one of his peace pledge chums, are you? - There's a lot of posh women in that lot. - No! Certainly not. You don't have any idea where I might find him? I do, as a matter of fact. But if you're not a mate of his then what do you want with him, hmm? Did he give you the wrong change on the last bus home? (laughs) Hang on, missus! I was only pulling your leg. If my dad's got a fancy woman on the go, that's his business! (laughs) ♪♪ (car rumbling, brakes squeal) (lively chatter, engines rumbling by) If I could... bribe you with a cup of tea, could you drag yourself away from the revolution for a moment? Yep. (people chatting, cutlery scraping) - Thank you. - Thank you. (awkward chuckle) Thank you for coming to see me the other day. I owe you an apology. I feel I reacted rather rudely to your gesture... Oh, by doing a flit? (chuckles) I've had worse reactions in my time. I, I think you showed great courage coming to tell me. And I'm glad that you did. Oh... thank you. But I just thought you should know the truth, that's all... Did you have any purpose in telling me? Were you hoping for a reconciliation between Harry and your daughter? (chuckling): No, no. Far from it. And it's the last thing she wants. But I thought you seemed like the kind of lady who would take her social responsibilities seriously, irrespective of what your son might want to do. (mirthless chuckle): Ah, now we get to it. This is about money in the end, is it? It's about being involved in the child's life. Financially? No, not just financially, no. Though it's easy to treat money as vulgar when you've got plenty. I don't want to fall out with you, Douglas. Nor me with you, Robina. I just wanted you to have the facts, like I did. - And... - What's going on? You were spotted, and I didn't believe it. Douglas came to see me the other day. And he told me about your condition. He had no right. Does Harry know? Yes, Harry knows. And I'll say the same thing to you that I said to him. I don't want or need anything from you. DOUGLAS: Love... Don't... um... - (chair scrapes) - Thank you. Thank you. That much is clear. (chuckles, coins jingling) ♪♪ (clasping purse shut) Good luck, Lois. (chair scrapes) Good luck. ♪♪ (birds twittering) HARRY: Either it's an ambush or we just got very lucky. (birds twittering, distant thunder rumbling) STAN: I've stayed in worse, sir. TAFFY: Bloody hell, boys. There's a bath! Reckon I'll have one. STAN: He's never had a bath before, sir. He's from Wales. (quietly): Um... Thank you, Sergeant. For helping me. What, sir? You gave me a kick up the arse. You told me what to do and... I won't forget that. Did you get a head wound, sir? I don't know what you're talking about. I can't be beaten at denial, Stan. It runs in my family. My father, in the last war... my father, he... Well, let's just say he messed up, and I maybe understood for the first time how that might have happened. And... maybe for the first time I might have felt sorry for him. We need to set up a Bren gun here, I reckon. Yes. Get a good sight on any approach. Yes, sir. Turn those taps off, Corporal Morgan! You've got a job to do, you grubby Welsh dragon! ♪♪ (footsteps descending) (canary twittering) I bet the fucking canary doesn't have to go, does she? Tom, I wish you'd understand that we can't register any lad who comes back from war and says he's a conchie. It's not any lad, is it? - It's me. - I know... I know... And as I keep saying, that's part of the problem. You're my son. They'd crucify you. All right. The problem is for you. The problem is that I am your son. And you can't see anything of me in yourself. Oh, no, I can see a lot of your mother though. That bloody minded streak of hers. (chuckles) (quietly): Nice try, Dad. Still doesn't taste good. Ah... I refused to shake this lad's hand on the Exeter. I never got a chance to put it right. It's the only thing I learned from the whole shitty thing. ♪♪ Look after yourself. Keep ducking. ♪♪ He'll understand one day. Yeah. Just trying to do my best. For both of you. I know, Dad, I know. And I went to see Robina because... Because it made you feel better. Not me. You. I went because you're not thinking straight. Because you're acting like nothing will change! Everything will change! Everything's changed already! There's only you still flogging your daft peace paper who hasn't caught on yet! (footsteps ascending) Lois! ♪♪ (birds twittering) ♪♪ (radio static, soldier talking) - Keep going. - Yes, sir. (birds twittering) No radio contact, sir. Nothing from HQ. (birds twittering) I'd love to come abroad one day and not shoot people. What you were saying about your dad, last night. Sorry. Some things best left unsaid and all that. You do know we're all shitting it, don't you, sir? I mean, it's normal. The fear and that. Just got to outrun it, sir. Like we're gonna outrun Jerry. Hopefully. They've got to be as knackered as we are, haven't they? No. You're never knackered when you're winning. You think Don Bradman gets tired when he's batting for two days? (clicks tongue) You know, Sergeant, if you could spell, you'd be an intellectual. If I could spell I wouldn't be here with my arse on fire. (laughs, bomb roaring) (loud explosion, glass shattering) - Oh shit! - Get inside! Inside! (explosions, shouting) (rapid gunfire) It's out of range! It's out of range! - (rapid gunfire) - We need to go. We need to go, everybody out! Everybody out! (loud explosion, glass shattering) (debris raining, explosions) ♪♪ HARRY: We have a bridge, head to the coast. We get to Dunkirk and evacuate. (plane roaring above) ♪♪ VERNON: I know real strength when I see it. You have it in abundance. I don't feel very strong right now. ♪♪ NANCY: Herr Rossler. ROSSLER: I need your help. A terrible thing has... What is it? Is it Hilda? DOUGLAS: You must know something. Why don't you know anything? - Why don't you know anything?! - Pull yourself together, Douglas. I'm disappointed in you. ♪♪ GRZEGORZ: Shoot me! Shoot me! I'm ready for death. We're all ready for death, mate! We're all ready for death. STAN: How are you going to evacuate 'em? You and me are all that's left of the chain of command. (loud explosions) (debris raining, coughing) ♪♪ DOUGLAS: If anything's happened to him, I made him go. I told him to go. I made him. (shouting, rapid gunfire) ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 