World on Fire: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 World on Fire 
 s1e1 - Episode #1.1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 World on Fire (2019–…): Season 1, Episode 1 - Episode #1.1 - full transcript 
 When war breaks, translator Harry Chase vows to help his Polish lover Kasia flee Warsaw, but how will he explain this to his sweetheart Lois, waiting for him at home in Manchester is the story. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 MAN: Where's Mosley?! Come on! (people shouting, cheering) (both chuckling) (shouting and cheering continue) MAN: Mosley! (shouting increases in intensity) (cheering, whistling) CROWD: Blackshirts! Blackshirts! Blackshirts! Blackshirts! Blackshirts! Blackshirts! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Blackshirts! Blackshirts! BOTH: ♪ Pack up all my cares and woe ♪ ♪ Here I go ♪ - ♪ Singing low ♪ - Shut up! - ♪ Bye, Bye, Blackshirts ♪ - That's enough! (crowd yelling angrily) (singing continues, crowd shouting) LOIS AND HARRY: ♪ Bye bye Blackshirts ♪ - (sound fades) - LOIS: Harry! (crowd shouting) ♪♪ Harry! Stop! MOSLEY: This is all we have to fear. Take a good look. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The Jews, the communists! LOIS: Get back to the sewers, you fascist rats! (whistle blowing) (cell door rattling) ♪♪ (cell door clanging distantly) DOUGLAS: You know why I'm here. And you know who I'm here for. OFFICER: You've got a daughter going bad ways, - just like your son, then... - Where the hell is she? Now, now, that's no attitude for a peace pledge man, is it, Mr. Bennett? Just, uh, giving her a couple of hours, so that she can learn a lesson, you know. - We'll not be charging. - What lessons that, then? That you'd rather lock up a girl than a bunch of bloody fascists? Is that it, that the lesson? So that's where she gets her manners from, is it? (door clanks shut) OFFICER: Out! How many Blackshirts have you arrested, eh? How many? Hello, Dad. - I'm sorry. - You too. No need to apologize, love. It's this lot, they should be apologizing. - I told you. - (door opens) - Thanks, Dad. - (door shuts) Well, my. What a touching vignette. If only Hogarth was still alive to capture it. (sighs) Hello, Mother. DOUGLAS: Hey, you should be really proud of your son. You're the father, are you? Aye, I am. I see, that explains it. DOUGLAS: My daughter's her own woman. ROBINA (chuckles humorlessly): Indeed. (chuckling) Thank you, sergeant, for being so understanding. Harry, we have guests waiting. Go on. You always were a sentimental boy, always looking for something or someone to fill the void. Hardly surprising a factory girl - would turn your head. - HARRY: Lois. - Her name is Lois. - Well, well. My son, the diplomat. I'm not a diplomat. Just a translator. Modesty is an ugly trait in those with the ability to shine. Do you want to shine, Harry? Of course you do. (door closes) (door opens) ♪♪ I love you. (quietly): You say that, and it's lovely, but it doesn't really make any difference, does it? Makes all the difference. (quietly): You're going away. I'm not. Your world, mine. This was good. What we did tonight. But I think we both know, don't we, deep down? ♪♪ I'll write. ♪♪ Goodbye, Harry. ♪♪ (door closes) ♪♪ ("Ade to Nie Wypada" playing on radio) ("Ade to Nie Wypada" continues) ("Ade to Nie Wypada" continues) (brakes squeaking) (pulls parking brake) ♪♪ (bird squawking) (birds chirping) ♪♪ SOLDIER: Halt! ♪♪ (German soldiers speaking) (German soldier speaking, man whimpering) (gunshot echoes, Nancy gasps) (man begging indistinctly) SOLDIER: Jawohl! ♪♪ ♪♪ (soldiers shouting indistinctly) (breathing raggedly) ♪♪ (soldier shouts in German) (speaking German): _ What am I doing here? I'm an American journalist. I have every right. What are you doing here, young man? A German soldier on Polish soil? I don't think so. ♪♪ SOLDIER: _ NANCY: The world has averted its eyes to the build-up of German troops - along the German-Polish border - (carriage returns) and Hitler's threat to take Danzig by force. The Poles have bicycles, the Germans have tanks. Make no mistake, the Nazi Party is a master of illusion, and the greatest illusion of all is that they are seriously negotiating for peace. This is Nancy Campbell, American Radio International, from Warsaw. Look at the state of this. You said you only needed it for shopping. Shopping was in Germany. Bloody hell, Nancy. This is what I've been trying to tell you. The Nazis are so close to the border, - they shot at me. - Well, you do rub people up the wrong way. They are shooting some poor bastards, putting them in Polish uniforms to make it look like the Poles invaded. Does that sound like a diplomatic solution? (car horn honks) Do you know what the Poles have got? Bicycles. You know what the Germans have got? Tanks. Panzers. I reported on David versus Goliath in Spain. It didn't turn out like it did in the Bible. I'll talk to my boss first thing tomorrow. But I don't know if he'll listen to me. Well, we know he won't listen to me. God knows I've tried. In the meantime, warn your waitress friend, so she can get out. I have a nephew in Paris. I'm telling him the same. Thin walls in that hotel. I know more than I need to - about you two. - Kasia? The waitress? Jesus, yes, Kasia. Why? Is your girl at home a waitress too? No. No, she's not. ♪♪ CONNIE: We're going to be late. We said half-past. Connie, we are the glamour. They expect us to be late. The glamour needs to run for the bus, so in your own time. ("Love Me or Leave Me" playing) (chuckling) LOIS: Dad! Come on! You'll be getting me sacked. Thanks, Douglas, you're a saint. That's not what they're calling me. Thanks, Dad, I'll pay you back when I'm famous. ♪ Love me or leave me and let me be lonely ♪ ♪ You won't believe me and I love you only ♪ ♪ I'd rather be lonely than happy with somebody else. ♪ I need the German offer of terms translated from German to Polish and English, the Polish response from Polish to English, English War Office draft telegrams into Polish and German. My desk, one hour. You are the golden boy, Chase, it's about time you started proving it. LOIS: ♪ There'll be no one unless that someone ♪ ♪ Is you ♪ ♪ I intend to be independently blue ♪ ♪ I want you, love, but don't want to borrow ♪ ♪ Have it today to give back tomorrow ♪ ♪ For my love is your love, is no love for nobody else ♪ ("Love Me or Leave Me" instrumental continues) - Ah! - (chuckling) ("Love Me or Leave Me" continues) (Harry and Kasia giggling) ("Love Me or Leave Me" continues) ♪ There'll be no one unless that someone ♪ ♪ Is you ♪ ♪ I intend to be independently blue ♪ ♪ I want you, love, but don't want to borrow ♪ ♪ Have it today to give back tomorrow ♪ ♪ For my love is your love, is no love for nobody else. ♪ ("Love Me or Leave Me" ends) (Kasia and others laughing) (speaking Polish): _ - What, what did he say? - Stop teasing him. Sorry, Harry. STEFAN: What sort of camera is that? It's a Leica. Ah, German-made. When Harry clicks the shutter, perhaps we should all duck. (all laughing) (speaking Polish): _ STEFAN: My friends died in 1918 freeing Danzig from Germany. I'm not going to let the Germans have it back. And what an adventure, boy? Yes. (coughing) MARIA: _ - Okay. - STEFAN: Wait! - Wait... - No, no, no, Stefan. Wait, we are missing something. (all laughing) (catching breath) I'll look after my father even when he thinks that he's looking after me. (Kasia speaking Polish in background) What do you call these again? - Gold Flake. - Gold Flake. Gold Flake, okay. STEFAN: _ Weapons for two brave sons of Poland. MARIA: _ That is very much the intention. HARRY: Right, this time... Ready? Smile. (all chuckling) (music playing on speaker) (Maria speaking in Polish) Is it working? (all laughing) (song on speakers ends) (door creaks, dishes clanking, jazz music playing on speakers) Hello, Dad. - Hello, love. - (door closes) (knock on door) I'm looking for your brother. Me too. If you find him before I do, will you tell him he's in trouble? (door closes) (music fades, distorts) - They like you. - Good. I like them. STEFAN: That is good to know. (Kasia sighs) STEFAN: _ (chuckles) Is there something you want to tell me, Harry? Well, uh... Oh, well, I'm very fond of your daughter. (Stefan chuckles) I was asking about the war. Are the British Army going to help us? Are the Polish Army going to help you in Danzig? We've got enemies at every border. Our people in Danzig need help. We all need to do our bit. And Grzegorz? Grzegorz is with me. Grzegorz will be fine. This is the way life is, Harry. That is all. (chuckles quietly) Keep Kasia safe. (kisses) Promise me. (footsteps retreating, door closes) ♪♪ (knocking) (knocking louder) Sir, I need to talk to you. Good God, Chase. What time is it? I just had supper with a Polish family, sir, and I can't stand idly by as the Polish people are invaded. Well, that's very noble of you. I'll lend you my revolver. - Good luck. - No, no, no. - We have to do something. - Yes, we do. I have to go back get to bed, and you need to sober up. (telephone rotary whirring) ("Night and Day" playing on speaker) NANCY: Can you connect me immediately, please, to Paris? By immediately, I mean right now. Right this minute. (sighs with frustration) ♪♪ (sighs) ♪♪ ♪♪ (window opens, Tom climbing through it) The police have been round. Dad's waiting for you downstairs. (bed springs creak) I need some fresh air. (animal howling distantly) I'm telling you, Webster, you need to get out of Europe. I can't see what's so hard to understand. NANCY (on phone): Webster? I can hear you, Auntie Nancy. And I love that you bothered to call. But, please, Paris is safe. I love my work. I'll bet you're not leaving Europe. I'm based in Berlin. That's my job... you can work anywhere. Just go home. You know that's not going to happen, Auntie Nancy, we'll always be alike, you and me. Webster? (jazz music playing) (man speaking French in background) (yelping happily) Whoo-hoo! (jazz music continues) (jazz music fades, Nancy breathes deeply) (papers rustling) ♪♪ (exhales, places photo down) ♪♪ ♪♪ (alarm clock ringing) (clattering) ♪♪ ("Fashionelle" playing on speaker) A lot going on in Poland right now. What you bringing Poland up for? Well, there's no letters from Harry and that... Why would he write to me? (door opens) Where've you been? Slept on a couch in the back of the pub. Has that copper caught up to you yet? Been nicking scrap metal again? You building your own tin man? Am I too soft on him, do you think, eh? What am I supposed to do? Your mum could handle him, you can handle him. That's pacifism for you, Dad. Aye, thought you'd be a pacifist too. What with your sweetheart in the firing line. He's not my sweetheart. And he's not in the firing line. He's a translator. Not a soldier. Oh, you think the bombs can tell the difference, do you? I'll be late tonight. We're playing the Three Horseshoes. Oh, you must be good. If you can get a tune out of three horseshoes. (Lois laughs sarcastically, Douglas chuckles) (door opens, closes) ♪♪ Grzegorz. ♪♪ (speaking Polish) (speaking Polish) (speaking Polish) KONRAD: _ KONRAD: _ STEFAN: _ - Grzegorz. - Konrad. STEFAN: _ KONRAD: _ (door closes, Stefan pounding) STEFAN: _ (shouting, cheering) ♪♪ (breathing deeply) (laughing) (exhales) (moves piece) Hmm. Peace News. Peace News, lads. Peace News. - Peace News, sir. - (man takes paper) (newsreel music playing) NEWSREEL ANNOUNCER: It is being reported that the central post office building in the so-called free city of Danzig has come under siege from German military forces. When the territory was placed under League of Nations protection following the Great War, Danzig's communications and post office were deemed to be Polish property, and the building itself has become emblematic of Polish presence in the state. The dramatic rise in tensions has resulted in thousands of refugees fleeing the conflict. (newsreel music playing) Everyone wants a fake passport... the whole city's trying to leave. So how are you going to get this girl out? Or are you going to leave her here to be raped by Nazis - every night? - What? You're going to have to marry her, aren't you? That way she gets papers to travel with you. I know you've got a girl back home, - but you know what? - (word catches) Being in love with two girls at the same time, that happens. But you're not choosing which girl you love the most right now, Harry. You're choosing whether to save this girl's life or not. (places glass down) The game just got bigger. Did you? Just make sure you do what's right, not what's British. ♪♪ (German officer shouting orders) (shouting continues) ♪♪ (loading rifle) KONRAD: _ - Grzesiek! - (Konrad shouting orders) (rifle bolts ratcheting) (artillery fires, shell whistles, explosion) (rifles and machine guns firing) (men shouting) (breathing heavily) (gunfire continues) STEFAN: _ (men shouting, crying in pain) (gunfire continues) (grunting with effort) (Grzegorz catching breath) (explosion, Grzegorz groans, man screaming) (all shouting) (gunfire continues, shouting, glass shattering) (soldiers breathing heavily, groaning) (man groans) (snarls, clearing jam) (bolt locks) (shouting) (grunting) (breathing heavily) (gunfire continues) ♪♪ (groaning) (breathing heavily (explosion, Grzegorz coughs) (man groans) (gunfire continues, Grzegorz coughing) (explosion, sound distorts) (shouting mixed with distortion) JAN: _ MARIA: _ (pauses scrubbing, then starts again) (continues scrubbing, exhales shakily) STEFAN: _ GRZEGORZ: _ KONRAD: _ ♪♪ STEFAN: _ ♪♪ ♪♪ (rifle bolts closing) No word from Danzig, so far today, sir? You tell me. Why don't you ask that American journalist friend of yours? - The woman. - She's worth listening to. As I said to you last night... Hysteria has no place in diplomacy, Chase. Shouldn't we be moving troops over right now, sir? No, we should be encouraging the Poles to carry on negotiating. (scoffs) With a gun to their head? You're a translator. So translate. (paper rustling) KASIA: Have you heard anything from Danzig already? No. No, I haven't heard anything. I know that this is only going one way. Even if Danzig holds on, the Germans will try and attack Warsaw. You need to leave. You need to get Jan and Maria and get on the road. I can help you. What about Father? What about Grzegorz? I need to wait. Your-your father and Grzegorz... (word catches) You waiting for them isn't going to make them any safer. They want you to live. (quietly): And so do I. ♪♪ (exhales) I am not going anywhere. Besides, where would I go? Where would I be running to? ♪♪ (knock on door) LOIS: I'm sorry to call on you like this. I just wondered if you'd had any news from Harry? About Harry? No, but... he's my son, so I'm not as surprised as you are. Come in. (places kettle down) (tea set rattles) The thing I know about men, Lois, is they do not write. (chuckles) They don't understand passion on the page. They have no desire or inclination to express their feelings. He writes beautiful letters. At least, he wrote beautiful letters. Romantic letters. They were in his handwriting, were they, dear? Well, he wouldn't be the first man to have his secretary add the kind of florid affectations every young girl likes to hear. I know Harry. Perhaps not like you do, but I do. He's not like that. No man is ever "like that." Until they are. - He told me he loved me. - Did he really? (chuckles quietly) How very Harry of him. I just need to know he's all right. Harry must have come to his senses. And I advise you to do the same. So why hasn't Harry written any of this to me? I'm afraid men are terrible cowards when it comes to this kind of thing. They'd rather face a hillside of Zulu warriors than a woman in tears. - I don't cry. - (saucer rattles) Not since my mum died. You're a pretty little thing, Lois. You won't have any problem finding someone who suits you better. Who knows, if you manage to conceal that rather masculine spirit of yours, you may bag yourself a bank clerk or a junior manager. I hate to speak ill of anyone, but you're a bloody snob. I think so, and your son thinks so, too. I'm an elitist, certainly. March against the Blackshirts. Saturday afternoon. Everyone welcome. As a matter of fact, I have rather a soft spot for Mr. Mosley. It's his clarity I admire. And it's a rare man indeed who can look that handsome in a polo neck. (door closes) ♪♪ LOIS: I went to see Harry's mother. Just to ask about him. And what's she said? Hey. You're worth ten of them and that family. Good mind to go round there myself, I tell you. And what? Sell her a paper? (inhales) Thanks anyway. (murmurs) I just, I wanted to know he was safe. I don't even care if I see him again - or not. - Don't you? Well, I'll take your word for that. I've got no choice, have I? I was the one who kept knocking him back. (chuckles) You're just like your mum, you know. And I don't mean singing. The way you are, the fight in you. (breathes deeply) And looking after our Tom, running round after him, and me. - With my nerves. - Shell shocked. Dad, you can say it. It's naught to be ashamed of. (people talking in background) (Stefan chuckling) (speaking Polish) KONRAD: _ (girl giggling) STEFAN: _ (explosion, shouting) (groaning, shouting) KONRAD: _ (screaming) KONRAD: _ STEFAN: _ (screaming) (Grzegorz and Konrad shouting) ♪♪ (rifles cocking) (bird squawking, wind whistling) (breathing raggedly) (single rifle fires) Tato! (machine guns firing) (machine guns continue firing) (gunfire ends) ♪♪ (people talking in background) (air raid siren blaring, people fretting) (plates rattle) (people shouting in Polish) ♪♪ (air raid siren continues blaring) ♪♪ MARIA: _ (explosion, shouting) WALKER: Henderson has sent a telegram from Berlin... Danzig has fallen. The Germans are sweeping across the country, and they're heading here to Warsaw. (bomb whistles, explosion) (groans) ♪♪ Kasia! (explosion, groans) (footsteps approaching) KASIA: Harry! Hey, Harry? - Are you hurt? - (Harry coughing) (groans, catches breath) Will you marry me? (laughs) Why would you say such a thing? Did you bang your head? Because if you marry me, you can leave. With me, as my wife. And nobody could stop you. This is my home. My family are here. Maybe once we get to England, we can find a way to get them out too. But for now, you have one chance. And I'm begging you to take it. (scoffs) Before he left, your father made me promise that I would keep you safe. Is this an English joke? No, no. It's an English solution. I don't know. I can't think. - I need time to think. - That's just the problem. You don't have time to think. (quietly): You really don't. Kasia. (exhales) ("Easy Living" playing) ♪ Living for you ♪ ♪ Is easy living ♪ ♪ It's easy to live when you're in love ♪ ♪ I'm happy to do ♪ ♪ Whatever I do for you ♪ ("Easy Living" continues) ♪ For you ♪ ♪ Maybe I'm a fool but it's fun ♪ ("Easy Living" continues) ♪ People say you rule me with one wave of your hand ♪ ♪ Darling, it's grand ♪ ♪ They just don't understand ♪ ♪ Living with you is easy living ♪ ♪ It's easy to live ♪ ♪ When you're in love ♪ ♪ And I'm so in love ♪ ♪ There's nothing in life ♪ ♪ But you. ♪ ("Easy Living" continues) ("Easy Living" ends) (Grzegorz coughing) KONRAD: _ (Grzegorz continues coughing) GRZEGORZ: _ (coughing) (water splashing) ♪♪ (grunting with effort) (speaking Polish) (both grunting with effort) (soldier shouting in German) (rifles firing) (rifles continue to fire, bullets ricochet) (band playing jazz music, people talking in background) (music continues, crowd chattering noisily) (band continues playing) (band continues playing) (band continues playing) (door shuts) (flicks lighter) (jazz music continues, fading) (jazz music ends) Good morning, Dr. O'Connor. Thank you. One moment. Thank you. (birds chirping) (whispering in Polish): _ Good morning. So, is making love any different as a married woman? Better? (chuckles) Worse? Oh God, we shouldn't have got married. (Kasia laughs) Stop it, you're making fun of me. I know we didn't marry for the right reasons, Harry, and so do you. But I do love you, so that helps. And I love you. And I'm scared. (inhales) ♪♪ Well, England will love you. And you'll love England. (sniffs) And your mother? (awkwardly): She'll be fine. She'll be... ♪♪ GRZEGORZ: _ (German soldiers talking nearby) (shushing) ♪♪ (German officer shouting orders) ♪♪ (soldier speaking German) (soldier speaking German) (soldier speaking German in distance) (whispering): _ (footsteps approaching, Grzegorz breathing heavily) (metallic clank) (breathing heavily) GERMAN SOLDIER: _ (Grzegorz straining not to cough) (coughs) (German soldiers speaking) (coughing, door opens) (German soldier speaking) ♪♪ KASIA: _ JAN: _ KASIA: _ (footsteps retreating) JAN: _ (continues kneading) (Jan sniffles) ♪♪ (Jan sniffles) ♪♪ HARRY: Mother, they're getting us out. I'm coming home, and... well, the thing is... ROBINA (on phone): Will you back Saturday evening? We've got the Warters coming and the Hallworths. If you are going to be there, I'll have to think of someone to even up the numbers. I don't know. I don't know when I'll be back, but Mother, can... But perhaps you can just call me when you do. Mother, can you just listen? I'm coming home. Let's leave it at that. Oh. Well. I look forward to seeing you. (Robina hangs up) (cabinet opening) (bottles clinking) (placing bottles down) RADIO ANNOUNCER: Here is a statement by the prime minister. How was it last night? Good crowd. So, why have you got a face like a two-bob funeral? - Fretting about Posh Boy? - He's in bloody Poland. Only you wouldn't notice that's quite a dangerous place - to be right now. - (places kettle down) So, forgive me for fretting about Harry. It's not like he's going to marry you, is it? So why waste your time worrying about him? - Tom. - Eh? All right, that's enough, lad. I spend most of my time worrying about you. And him. That's all right, I suppose. Well, yeah. We're your family. Thank you for reminding me what's important. I know it's not fair, but you've got responsibilities that other girls haven't got. So, that's my life, is it? You two take it and share it out between the both of you, and what's left over I give to two jobs. No, no, no. Of course not. Just until you get married, like. Wouldn't want to upset your husband. CHAMBERLAIN (on radio): What a bitter blow it is to me that all my long struggle to win peace has failed. (water splashing) Yet I cannot believe that there is anything more... - War's on, then. - (flicks lighter) or anything different that I could have done. (scrubbing) ♪♪ (knock on door) ...quite possible to have arranged... If that's the recruiting sergeant, tell him I'm out. (door opens) What? DOUGLAS: It's not the recruiting sergeant. ♪♪ Tea, ladies? NANCY (on radio): Along with tens of thousands of Poles, I have fled Warsaw. As I arrived back in Berlin, the loud speakers announced Britain had declared war. People listened then went about their business as before. Poland feels very far away to these people. In his proclamation, Herr Hitler... who we know dismisses all reports of aggression as propaganda... said, "Poland has refused my offer of a friendly settlement of our relations as neighbors." Danzig might not see it that way. And the wartime broadcasting conditions here mean that I have to be careful what I say. This was Nancy Campbell, American Radio International, from Berlin. (knock on door) (door unlatches) There's a man here. Says he was attacked by Action Française. He says he knows you. ♪♪ My mother's hysterical about me even being out of Texas, and the only reason my dad writes to me is because he's a military man, he thinks France is going to fall and says it won't be safe for me here. And I'm an American. And we aren't even in the war. (chuckles) And I'm a white guy, so... (exhales) I'm sorry. You-you didn't need to hear this. You don't know any of these people. Apart from the distracted white guy stitching my head right now, no. I'm sorry. Maybe your daddy has a point. France might fall, and Paris, well... (inhale) It won't be Paris anymore. Are you... are you planning on leaving? This is my city, whatever the Nazis think. And no German in fancy dress is going to drive me away. (chuckles) - Hey. - Oh. You have done this before, right? (murmurs awkwardly) Only about a thousand times. Sorry, I... get nervous around my good looks. - It's all I have. - (placing needle down) Well, that and the fact that you play sax like nobody I've ever heard. That could mean good or bad, Webster. It's good, it's definitely good. You're wonderful. Is that why you are at the club every night? For the music? Yes. Of course, yes. Because the way you look at me... The way you talk to me. The way you are so nice to me right now, when you hardly know me, it kind of feels like you might have a bit of a... I don't know, a... a passion. A passion? Oui. Not just the music. Would that, um... Would that, would that be such a bad thing? You tell me. ♪♪ I know what I am, Webster. Do you know what you are? (door opens) (door closes) ♪♪ (people talking worriedly in background) It's time to pack up your fountain pen, Chase. - We're moving out. - Shall I pack my white flag, so I can wave it on the way to the station? That's quite enough of that, Chase. The embassy is closing. Declaration of war tends to make that a straightforward decision. So, hop to it. Unless, of course, you've defected to the Poles. I wouldn't put it past you. (German soldiers talking to prisoners) (soldier speaking German) (other German soldier shouting) (groans) (soldiers ordering) (groaning) (man begging, gunshot) (people gasping, German soldiers talking) (soldier ordering) (soldier ordering, gunshot) (coughing) (German soldiers shouting) ♪♪ (keys jingling) Hello, Nancy. Hello, Frau Rossler. Perhaps it will be over quickly, huh? Did you listen to my broadcast? It's illegal to listen to your broadcast, Nancy. I know. Did you listen to it? Of course. War is never good, huh? Welcome back. (door closes) ♪♪ (German soldiers shouting) (woman shouting in distance) German! (gun fires, soldiers gasps) German! I have cigarettes. English cigarettes. (soldiers shouting) Look. They are good cigarettes. Two packets. Two prisoners. (gun firing) ♪♪ (fires rifle) (soldiers shouting) (breathing heavily) ♪♪ (breathing heavily) (soldiers running outside) (soldiers speaking German) (footsteps retreating, both sigh) (whistle blowing, shell exploding, machine gun firing) (sound distorts) (breathing heavily) (catching breath) ♪♪ (whistle blowing, machine gun firing) ♪♪ (breathing with difficulty) (train whistle blowing, people shouting) (man blowing whistle) GEORGE: Harry, face facts, man. She's not coming. (train engine hissing) (people shouting, whistle blowing) Kasia, Kasia! Kasia. KASIA: Jan came to say goodbye. (man blowing whistle) (exhales) Thank God. I thought you weren't coming. I love you. I love you too. You're travelling light. I thought it was best. GEORGE: Harry! Hurry! We need to get on. Take my case. I'll just say goodbye to Jan. All right. (train engine hissing, train whistle blows) (train lurching) - I'm sorry. - HARRY: Kasia! I'm sorry. Take care of him, okay? Kasia! Take care of Jan, if you love me, you will take care of Jan. ♪♪ HARRY: It's all right. It's all right. (train accelerating) ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ NANCY (on radio): Warsaw has surrendered, and Poland has fallen. (explosion, gunfire, ricochets, Kasia gasps) ♪♪ ROBINA: My problem, Harry, is I know you're lying. And I don't know why, and I don't know what about. But there is the unmistakable scent of a lie. ♪♪ WEBSTER: I don't know who I am. Everything that matters to me is here in this city. ♪♪ LOIS: I want to do something. I want to feel like I matter. You do matter. ♪♪ DOUGLAS: Every war's different. Until it's the same. You haven't seen death. ♪♪ ROBINA: Stop being foolish and indulgent. It will get you - absolutely nowhere. - HARRY: I'm already absolutely nowhere! ♪♪ We abandoned all of Poland. (explosion) We have done nothing for the Polish people, nothing. ♪♪ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 