Instant Star: Season 4, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Instant Star 
 s4e1 - Your Time Is Gonna Come - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Instant Star (2004–2008): Season 4, Episode 1 - Your Time Is Gonna Come - full transcript 
 Jude has everything she wants but when she realizes how many have come before her, will she be enough for Tommy? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Everybody knows the truth Everybody sees right through Some decisions come naturally. Okay, birthday girl. What'll it be? I swear that you're just sinking in Sometimes, you just know what's right in your heart. I try to fight but I won't win Though my heart hasn't always known what's best for itself. It's too late for me now I would do anything for you, because I love you. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I can feel burn but I like it, yeah Jude... I love you. How do you know who to choose? How could you know? I don't care if it hurts my eyes I'll stare until I'm going blind You can hate me I don't mind Anymore 'cause I love your cure and... Your love is like ultraviolet and... I can feel it burn but I like it, yeah I'm on autopilot Heading for the sun Heading for the sun 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Heading for the sun Thanks, guys. When it came right down to it? There was no choice to be made. And who am I to fight destiny? Especially when it looks like that... and feels like this. Subtitles: Amariss Transcript: Raceman I don't know what's good for me I don't need a remedy There's no escaping what you do I just wish I could escape hearing about it. Oh, right, it's not like I haven't been enduring, "Oh, Kwest. Oh, Mexico." Before you both whisk off to tsunami island. It's Lo Wei, Thailand. It's perfectly safe. Speaking of safe... Extra large. How generous. Yeah... I didn't know. I don't know. You don't know? You haven't...? With Tommy? No. Okay, wow. Rub in it much? With anyone, anywhere? No, it's... it's been 18 years and I want it to be special. Well, losing your virginity on a beach to the guy you love? Sounds pretty special to me, Jude. Who knows? You two may decide to never come home. But then you'd miss Darius, so... Yeah, well, Darius stole my catalogue from right under my nose. Darius doesn't own me anymore, all right? Darius... Is back with a vengeance. And he wants to talk to you now. Yeah. G Major's pretty lively, huh? For a company under investigation of tax fraud. My books were clean. The only thing the board found was the big fat apology they owed me. Which I graciously accepted in renovations. Okay, that's nice. But enough with the tour. Let's just talk about the conditions of me ending my contract with you. Condition number one: you spend every day in here working on your third album until condition number two: you finish it. You're crazy. I said silver paint, man, not grey! Look, Michel Angelo never wanted to paint the Sistine Chapel, but the Pope insisted. Know what he got finally for saying yes? Chronic back pain. No. A masterpiece so beautiful it made the angels weep. Come here. G Major's back in full force. You're bound to your contract. Right now. So is he. Let me guess. He offered you money for nothing and the chicks for free? What are you doing here? I wanted your catalogue back. And Darius would only give it to me, if I spoke to the police on his sister's behalf. So, she going to treatment instead of jail. Tommy... And for the next three years, Darius... owns my ass. Well, I wanna find a way out of G Major, but now that you're here... I need help with the album. And Thailand! We both need Thailand! I know, but we can go there later. So, how 'bout we cry into some chicken mango takeout instead? And we can make our own paradise here. Candlelight, mood music. You... you didn't tell him about us. I will. I will. Soon. It's... it's just been so hard... To find... the right words. Jamie, you're my best friend. I just-- I needed-- Jude. You and Tommy? I get it. It's fine. Really. Im looking for Jamie Andrews? I haven't been living in a petri dish. I mean, we can still work together on my new label, right? You're not leaving G Major either. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's okay. - Yeah? - Yeah. - Okay. Yeah. - Okay. Yeah. For the season premier of your new reality show, the network wants to see you and Speed renew your vows somewhere rock star worthy. We've reached tentative holding deals with the Empire State Building and P. Diddy's yacht. What 's wrong with my yacht? - Shhh! Listen. - We've also contacted Julie Streps; you might remember her from winning "Catwalk Catfight", really talented girl, she's going to create... an exclusive wedding gown - just pour vous. - Ooh, j'adore being exclusive. But first, we've gotta plan you a killer stagette. So, if you could get us a list of some your friends. Oh... friends? It's not exactly my strong suit. Right. You are exclusive. We'll book you some friends. That way we can be sure they're camera ready. Those two are your brides maids. They're great girls, real professionals. Professional friends? Got it. Just have fun. Try to act natural. Oh. Though not too natural. And roll! Holler, holler, bride-to-be! - Hey there...? - Sasha. Your number one girl and maid of honor? Funny, I thought you hadn't chosen your maid of honor yet, Karla. Karma. Well at least you chose someone who makes you look thin. Oh, come on. Honeys, let's go shake what the good lord gave us. What, to this? This is my song. Oh wow! I so didn't recognize it with the new mix! Love it! I give her stupid show three episodes. Max. So Jamie's putting on a brave face. What is he, just waiting for me to mess up. Honestly, Quincy. What could you possibly do after three years to mess this up? Little Tommy Q?! I barely recognized you without your cornrows. Cassandra Hayward, you dirty dog. What are you doing here? Oh, making the dreaded jump from movies to music. You're nothing in Hollywood without an album. God bless pro tools. Hi, I'm Jude Harrison. This is my artist. And co-producer. And my girlfriend! My girlfriend. My one girlfriend. Oh... there's an odd couple: Tommy Q. and monogamy. Okay, I half to text Charlotte about this. As in, Charlotte C. Preston? I mean, it's only fair. She had him first. Well... after Eliza. Or was it Camille? Your loves like ultraviolet I can feel it burn but I like it, yeah I'm on autopilot Heading for the sun I don't care if burns my eyes I'll stare until I'm going... Thanks. But I have magic buttons here that can fade you out. Sorry. I'm distracted. Cassandra Hayward? Charlotte C. Preston? Eliza Wolf?! Just girls from my past. Yeah. Your colourful, mysterious past? Look, I know you had a hell of a life before I stepped into it... But? But I need to know where I fit into it all, Tommy. Jude, what do you want? No more surprises. I want names. All of them. - Like a list? - Yeah, a list. Yeah, that's not a recipe for disaster. Lucky for you, these days I'm all about honesty. So, just the famous ones or the mere mortals, too? You gonna need more paper? Yup. Magic hands. Eh? Darius is gonna have to hire a whole team of helper monkeys to replace you, son. I'm not quitting. I'm gonna take G Major down from the inside so we get our new label off the ground. Plus, what better way to stay in sight of the love of your life, right? Tommy's gonna break her heart. Always does. And then... If you say so, brother. Hey, trust me. You can practically smell their relationship ending. And I tell ya, it smells like victory. What's that coming out of your eyes? Crying? For your dress paired with those heels. Tragedy. I didn't know you had tear ducts. Now you know my secret. Stop the presses! Karma has feeling. Karma has issues with other women. Karma hasn't had a real friend since second grade. Stagette didn't go as planned? Does anyone plan to tear out her fake maid of honor's weave on national television 'cause she won't get out of the bride's light? Well, I kinda respect the fact that you're not softening for the cameras. I don't soften for anyone. That's why people don't like me. Stuff it, Harrison. I don't need your pity. Never needed anyone. Why start now? Tommy's women... certainly enough to fill all of France. Hey, kiddo. You may remember me from such films as "Avalanche!" and "Our Garden Grows", but... your boyfriend remembers me from a hotel romp in Malibu. - Noelle Celeste?! - Supermodel-glamazon, and... third level yoga master. Wanna see my dolphin tattoo? Tommy certainly has. - Who are you? - Girl in pink hat. From his '96 Tampa concert? And I'm her mother. How can you possibly think losing your virginity will be as special for Tommy - as it'll be for you? - Doesn't matter. You're from Tommy's past. His most recent past. - No! No! - Okay. So you don't wanna split a brownie. Sheesh. I don't want a brownie. Jude! What's the big crisis? It's more of an emergency. A sex-mergency. You called me, I was worried. What is the deal? This is me seducing you. Ahhh... this is me, wondering why here? Now? You know, Kyle's iguana gawking? Why not? Does it take porcelain veneers to put you in the mood? No. I'm wondering. Is this actually how you actually pictured your first time? Well, I wanted your first time with me to be unforgettable. Oh well, you are well on your way. You know what? It's a real turn-off making me feel like an idiot, Tommy. And all this is kinda making me feel sleazy. I cannot believe I am saying this, but I think that we should wait. 'Til we're more... comfortable. I've been waiting such a long, long time I've seen Jude glumy and I've seen her pouty. But today, that girl has the countenance of the truly devastated. Looks like the Tommy tidal wave has wiped out her heart. Again. My last single is on the radio right now. "Karma". - Please request it. - Karma. Just one second. I just wanted to say I'm sorry that I missed your stagette. No biggie. You weren't invited. It's not much. Just a little "way-to-get-married" gift. It's for the pesky tear ducts, you know. Just in case. Oh, I knew from the moment we met - your icky roots, aside - we'd be best friends! Hey, everyone, let me introduce you to my real maid of honor, Sadie Harrison! - No, no. Karma, I-- - I gotta tell Speed! Okay. Yeah. You do that. You ready? I stripped down the vocals and undressed the mic. Or is that too nc-17 for you? I was hoping you'd leave the sarcasm at home. Why wouldn't you sleep with me? Look, it's not that I wasn't flattered. Or that you didn't look good. You embarrassed me! It wasn't me that embarrassed you! It should've been special. You known, simple and perfect. But no, you've gone and made it complicated. Look, I can't change who I am or who I've been! If you wanted simple, you should've chosen the boy next door. If we don't talk that's okay 'Cause I hear everything that you say Got my heart tuned into you You hold this hurt inside it shows And you can't hide Everyone decent? I think the iguana's topless. I'll consider myself warned. I'm sorry I said what I did. I'm sorry I Paris Hilton'd out on you. I'm not this fembotsuper-vixen. I'm not. I just got out of high school. I still live at home. All that stuff is part of what makes you real to me, more than any other woman. You're different. - But you've-- - Waited a long time for you. For you, Jude. Exactly as you are is what I want. Messy hair, ripped jeans? Guitar calluses and everything. I love you. Everybody knows the truth Everybody sees right through There's no escaping what you do Do to me, do to me I swear that you're just sinking in Like a stain that's on my skin I try to fight but I wont win Anyhow it's too late for me now 'Cause your love is like ultraviolet I can feel it burn but I like it Tanning schedule. Speech. Shoe spikes. You're gonna have to wear stilettos to lengthen those calves. Wow! You sure run a tight wedding ship, don't you? You might be my maid of honor and my BFF, but I will kill you if you ruin my big day. Oh... teeth whitener. See ya. Dealing with the ultimate bridezilla, on national TV no less? Yeah, it should be a barrel full of taffeta-sporting monkeys. There she is, mate. Tommy-less. Check. Jamie looking super fine, ready to be the one guy that never let her down? Double-check. Time to strike. Heading for the sun I don't care if it hurts my eyes I'll stare until I'm going blind You can hate me I don't mind I can't express how much your A&R; skills has meant to the company. But if you're sure... Never be en more sure of anything in my life. No place for me here. Not anymore. I'm on autopilot Heading for the sun Your love is like ultraviolet I can feel it burn but I like it, yeah I'm on autopilot Heading for the sun Heading for the sun Subtitles: Amariss Transcript: Raceman 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 