Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e10 - Dreadful Sorry Clementine - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 10 - Dreadful Sorry Clementine - full transcript 
 Clementine Hale, a friend of our heroes since they grew up together in Kansas, meets the boys in Denver and shows them a group photograph they all posed for not too long ago. The photo is invaluable to lawmen who want to arrest Heyes and Curry, and Clementine waves it at the boys in an attempt to get them to go along with her larcenous scheme. Years earlier, banker Winford Fletcher had stolen $50,000 from the bank where Clementine's father worked, then framed HIM for the theft and sent him up the river. The boys ride into Fletcher's home town and pose as land grabbers, convincing Fletcher to buy up all the land he can get hold of and paying through the nose. This episode was meant to introduce Clementine and Diamond Jim as regular characters, but he didn't appear again and she did only one more show (Sally Field had many other commitments at this point). 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 How do you do, Mr. Wingate? Well, I'm glad I caught you. You're fixing to go somewhere? Celebrate, I expect, huh? That's right. I'm gonna celebrate. Soon as I found you. I don't - understand the gun. You will! And I think you're making an awful mistake. You're the other one made the mistake coming back here you young whippersnapper. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 You didn't think I'd recognize you, did you? Recognize me? Now, no fancy moves... Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two latter-day Robin Hoods very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. So, all we've got to do is just stay out of trouble 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. Mornin', ma'am. What can we do for you? 23, please. Oh, sure. Kind of surprised you fellas are still with us. Most young folk thinks that Boonville is mighty slow. No, we...we kind of like it slow. Fact is, we're thinking of staying here indefinitely. Oh, I'm glad to hear that. Oh, say... there was somebody in here looking for you fellas. Somebody from around here? Oh, no. No, Sir, it's a...stranger. Fix us up a bill, Mr. Crawford. Yeah, we'll be checking out. She's coming back. Howdy! How much? That'll be six dollars even. Kind of sudden change your heart, huh? Yeah. I can't explain it. Town just up and get on my nerves. Happens like that something. Got a back door? Oh, couldn't stay in business unless I had one. Right over there. Okay, thank you. Mr. Jones and Mr. Smith we're not in the saloon. Have you any other notions where they might be? They just left. They left? I think they're heading for the livery stable. Clem! Clementine! Here you go! Oh, my goodness! The way you boys greet a lady, you'd think it's been ten years 'stead of ten months. You're the last person we'd expect to see way up here. Come on, give me the rest of my share. Clem, this is a real coincidence. This is a coincidence, isn't it, Clem? Clem? Fellas, we've all been so close almost since our kid days, right? It wasn't a coincidence. So much has happened between us. I just wanted to catch up to you to talk. Talk... about what? Well... Now, Clem I know you - You wouldn't come all this way without an awful good reason. That's for sure. Must be important. Oh, it is. It is important. Now, come on out with it. All right. I came to find you. Yeah... So, I could get you to help me steal $50,000. Hey, fellas, wait a minute! Clem, you're the one that used to tell us crime doesn't pay. Yeah, Clem. What happened to you? I discovered greed. We hate to tell you this, Clem, but we're not gonna help you. But you're going to help me because I have something interesting in the hotel safe to show you. The reason no one can catch Kid Curry and Hannibal Heyes is because no one has a picture of them. But you do, don't you, Clem? There are handbills on you two - there could also be photographs, unless you two volunteer to help me. Beg you, Clem. Clerk... would you put this back in the safe, please? Yes, ma'am. Excuse me. Do you have the... May I have the key... May I have the key to room 19, please? 19. This is the key to Mr. Anderson?s room. That's me. I just saw out the window. Thank you. Where is that chap... I need him. I need him! The man I want to steal $50,000 from deserves to lose it. His name is Fletcher. He swindles money from helpless widows and takes money from people who trust him. Didn't sounds like the kind of man you'd be running into - My father told me about him. And my father should know because my father used to work for him. Well, then why didn't your father just turn him over to the sheriff. Well, you remember... my father once spent some time in jail - Yeah, I seem to recall you mentioned that that's what the consequences of ill ways and loose living went. Well, he learned his lesson. He went completely straight! He just quit with a broken spirit and went away. But he told me about it. And now we are going to give Mr. Fletcher a taste of his own medicine. Well now, Clem, I'm sorry that sounds real nice your intentions but we can't really afford to get mixed up with your plans. Now, I thought this was all settled. We're on our way to Silver Springs. No, no, no. You are on your way to Silver Springs. We're on our way to Clarksville. There's a nice trail outta there into the mining camps. And we're gonna try to pick up a little money. Maybe do a little mining, playing a little poker. Mostly playing poker. Well, must I remind you of the fact that... You stole that from the hotel safe! Yeah! And you did it to get out of helping me with the only job I ever asked you to pull. Yeah. And not only do you renege on your word, but you're also destroying the only picture in the world of you two. Yep. That's right. Outside the one I have in my safe deposit box in Denver, that is. You remember the one where the photographer got a lot closer than the one he did before? I don't wanna go to Clarksville anymore. That's him! That's him! What are you waiting for? Well, what do you expect us to do? Take a log and throw it across the street and stop him like a train? Yeah, nobody's got $50,000 in his pocket. Now, why are you asking me? You two are supposed to be the big bank and train robbers. Yeah, we're just trying to point out to you that Fletcher doesn't come under either category. Now, you just have to make some adjustments. And you'll have to be a little more patient! I can't be too patient. There's a time problem. What time problem? I can't tell you that. You know for a operation that's supposed to lean on trust this one is off to a devious start. Right. So, what's the plan? Well, one thing's for certain. You just don't stick up an investment broker - not if you're after $50,000. You have to find a way for him to gather together the cash. and figure out a way for us to get our hands on it. Diamond Jim Guffy! Jim! How are you? There's nobody like you. If a fella's in trouble, you always come running. I would have been catching this very train even without your wire. I'm on my way east for the opening of Belmont. But you are gonna stay a few days, aren't you? I mean, this is important you know... Boys, boys, I wish I could, but you know how I feel about racing. When that train pulls out, I'll be on it. But if there's anything I can do to advise you in the few minutes I'm here... Jim, this is serious. Yeah. We could go to jail. With you boys, it's always serious. Now, ordinarily I don't turn my back on friends, but I'm afraid this is... This is Clementine Hale. Diamond Jim Guffy. This is an unexpected pleasure. Hi, Mr. Guffy, you dear, sweet man... Of course, she... she might need touching up here and there, but fundamentally she's sound and sea worthy. Of course, maybe a little more than that. Mr. Fletcher, it's quite obvious the Cotton Blossom will never sail again. She's beyond repair. Well, I'd hardly say that. I would. And I appreciate it if you wouldn't misrepresent her... because she's exactly what we're looking for. She is? Let's talk price. Price, yes - she cost over $200,000 to build and at half that price...she... I'll give you $25,000. $25,000? Cash. Sold. Excellent, it'll take me a few days to get the transaction approved by my principals. Yes, yes, of course. Incidentally, I might ask who are your principles? Well, I hope you understand why I can't tell you any more. But sometimes the mere mention of my client's names drives prices right through the ceiling. Yes, yes, of course. But now that you bought the Cotton Blossom may I ask what you're gonna do with her? Now, I don't see any harm in that. You see, she's just a charitable, sidelight to my visit here. She's gonna be taken up north and converted into a maritime museum. Well, what do you know about that? She'd be ideal for that - just ideal. Now, I'd like to ask you a question. Where can I find the local records of land ownership? What sort of land? After all, I'm a general investment broker. We specialize in land. Good. Well, this is a region just north of here - it's called the Golden Meadows region. Well. I'd go to the Bureau of Records and ...Golden Meadows? Mr. Smith, this may be none of my business, but I think you're wasting your time on that land. It's barren, parched and worthless desert. You're right. Well, then as long as you realize it's not worthy of your time and money... No, I mean you're right about it not being any of your business. Good day, sir. Thank you. Well, I don't see anything happening just a lot of riding around and handshaking. Let's just hope, it's all your friend Fletcher sees, too. Well, it seems awfully risky. I mean, anything could go wrong. Clem, will you trust us? Well, I guess, we'll just have to trust each other. Fine. I work on Fletcher you work on Clem. Heyes... well...I'm grateful to both of you for what you doing. What are you doing by the way? It's called baiting a trap. Mr. Smith...? Mr. Smith... Mr. Smith, are you here? All concerned must secure a...a... minimum of 10,000 acres... within the prescribed boundaries of Golden Meadows. All transactions must be kept strictly confidential... Mr. Fletcher, what on earth you're doing here? I knocked...several times. You left this in my surrey. I thought you might be concerned. Well, you...you're an honest man. Indeed, you are. Thank you very much. It there's anything more I can do for you... that is if you contemplate any further purchases - while in this area. Well, I don't expect to but if anything comes up I'll let you know, Mr. Fletcher. Good day, Mr. Smith. All clear. Well...? By the way I see it - the next move is up to Fletcher. Okay. Well, Mr. Smith, this is quite a coincidence. Is it? Well, it isn't really. But I did want to talk to you. You aren't leaving town, are you? I'm going over to Kingsville on business. Golden Meadows business? I saw that letter on your desk. Ah, quite, quite by accident, I assure you. I wasn't certain I was on the right room - I...I just glanced at it to see who'd it made out to. Mr. Fletcher, that was a confidential document. I'm sorry but - now that I know what it is you want I think I can be a great help to you. How? I know, how to deal with the people in this area. That's my business. They'll trust me where they might not trust an outsider. I think I can save you a lot of money. Well, that makes sense. What would be in it for you? Proving to you that the brokerage company Fletcher, Hampton and Krumholtz can be a great service to you and your associates. Mr. Fletcher, you've just talked me into it. You may accompany me to Kingsville. Climb aboard. I'll drive. Thank you. Clem, come on. Come on! Giddy up, here. Come on. My name is Smith, Joshua Smith. This is Mr. Winford Fletcher. How do you do? I'm calling for Mr. Brandon. Speaking. Oh, I expected a much older man. Perhaps your father. My father's deceased and I don't accept solicitors. Good day. Oh, Mr. Brandon, I come on business that could be quite attractive to your father's heirs and I presume that would include you. I don't know what could possibly be of any importance to either myself... I'd like to buy your holdings in Golden Meadows. Won't you please come in, gentlemen? Thank you. Charlotte, honey. Oh, my. Gentlemen, my sister. Sister dear, gentlemen are here in regards to father's holdings in Golden Meadows. How do you do? Joshua Smith. This is Mr. Winford Fletcher. Incidentally anything that you have to say about father's estate should be said to my sister as well. Then you still do own the land. 1,000 acres. Yes, sir. Only 1,000? I had thought it was much more. Well, I own 5,000 myself. Oh, wonderful. Would you be willing to accept $3 an acre? Sir, my father paid $50. Well, I'm - I'm aware that both he and many others were victims of swindlers. And what are you, Mr. Smith? If I may interrupt. I'm a sort of neighbor, being from Silver Springs and all. I had the same question as you folks but I did some checking and I'm happy to state that I can vouch for Mr. Smith's credentials. In light of your father's heavy investment I might be willing to go as high as $5 an acre. But, Mr. Smith... I will sell... for $8 an acre not one penny less. $8 an acre for Golden Meadows land? Young man, $5 is outrageous! There's nothing but desert out there. Sold. Mr. Smith...? And now you, Miss Brandon. No - I'm sorry. Truly I am. But my daddy gave me that land and to sell it would seem wrong. No. My answer is no. $8 an acre - that's insane. That was his bottom price. I can get all the land you want around Golden Meadows for 1/10 the price. I'm sure you can, but that's not what my principals want. Just what makes the Golden Meadows so special? Even if I knew the answer to that I couldn't tell you. I understand. I understand, all right. Your clients are either crazy or badly misinformed and you'll be left holding the bag. I'm not worried. I'm worried! Something is very wrong here - very wrong. Mr. Fletcher - I have a very simple arrangement with my principals. They guaranteed me a fixed price on every acre of Golden Meadows I can get my hands on. Payable when? Cash on the spot. They've authorized an agent in Kingsville to handle it. Cash on the spot? I can see you're a very hard man to convince. Oh, no, not really. All right, let's see... I want that riverboat and I don't want you to sell it to anybody else 'cause it would take me a month-a-Sundays to get my hands on another one. So... I tell you, what I'll do. Since you already know about the part of our operation that's supposed to be secret I don't see how I will do any harm harm if I took you with me when I went to get my money ...on one condition. What is that? You've got to promise me that you won't ask to get in on the deal There's no room for both of us. There just isn't enough room. I told you before... I'm waiting for that golden opportunity. You have my word on that. That's good enough for me. Come in. Mr. Smith, I hope you have brought good news. Some, some. I'd like you to meet Winford Fletcher. This is Mr. De Vega. How do you do, sir? He's from Silver Springs. Sil...oh you are that Mr. Fletcher. Well, I have heard of your company. Has a fine reputation in financial circles. Mr. Fletcher's been helping me out on the Golden Meadows matter. You... Helping you? Would you excuse us! I would like to speak to you in private. It has got to be my way, Mr. Smith. If I've caused Mr. Smith any problem, I apologize. Apologies are worthless, Mr. Fletcher... This is a highly confidential project. The slightest leak of our client's interest in this land could send prices through the ceiling. You have my word I won't tell a soul... I just wanted to establish the line of communication with you gentlemen for some future opportunity. Oh, why argue about the matter? He already knows about the secret. He's in on it. I'll take full responsibility. You can rely on my discretion. Very well. How much have you been able to buy us, Mr. Smith? 1,000 acres. Only 1,000? I got leads on a lot more. Well, I certainly hope so. I presume you have brought the deeds with you? 1,000 acres. 1,000 acres at our agreed price of $20 an acre. Please count that cash, Mr. Smith. Can you help? 17,18, 19 and 20. Would you mind telling me how much you paid for those acres, Mr. Smith? Now, Mr. De Vega, that's my secret. Yeah, yeah. Shall we go? Yes, of course. This has been a distinct pleasure, gentlemen. Thank you, sir. To Diamond Jim Guffy for making it all possible! And for paying the rent on the mansion. Yes. And to Clementine for making it all so mysterious. Well, what's so mysterious about doing a crook out of $50,000? Your reasons for doing it, Clem. You're a lot of things but crooked isn't one of them. I'd like to know what else is on that list. Hey, hey, hey, don't change the subject. I'm not changing it. I'm closing it. We were celebrating, remember? To the ruin of Winford Fletcher! Mm-hmm, hear, hear. Do you expecting anyone? Not me. I'm sure not. Just a minute. Mr. Smith, when I tell you what I've done you not only thank your lucky stars but you get down on your knees and beg me to take a piece of your deal. What did you do? I just save you thousands of dollars! Now you won't have to buy that girl's land at her inflated price. I don't? I found a man that has 4,000 acres of Golden Meadows land and he lives right near here. Does that change things a little? Oh, it does - it sure does that. Just who is that this land belongs to? Oh, oh, no. Not until I have your word that there'll be room in this deal for me. I thought you weren't gonna ask me that. You gave me your word! What's anybody's word got to do with it? This is business. Now, will it be a small share for me? Who owns the acreage? 25% I'll consider 5%. How much land did you say? 20% 4,000 acres. 10% And if you ever want to get in on another deal with me you'd better take it. 476 I'll just settle for this one deal. All right. I go to the office and get some cash. See you in about ten minutes. Wait, wait, wait! You still haven't told me who it is we're dealing with. Names Wingate. Horace Wingate. I found him in the county registers office. I read an article in a newspaper about him. Said that he could paper his barn with worthless Golden Meadows deeds. See you later - partner! Well, it was the one risk we took - that there still might be somebody with a cache of Golden Meadows deeds hidden away. It's too bad, too. That Fletcher is about the greediest man I've ever seen. He's more than greedy, much more. Well, look at this way Clem at least you have the satisfaction of knowing he had to spend a lot of his own money on worthless land. Even if the profit still go to Horace Wingate...whoever that is. Well, unless I have that cash in my hand there is no satisfaction. Why not? I thought you wanted to go after Fletcher even more than the money. Well, you're wrong. I want both of them. I've got it. Now the county register's office must have Wingate's address, right? Clem, nah. If you're thinking what I'm thinking you're thinking - it ain't gonna work. But why not? look we're back in business if we can get there and buy Wingate's land before you and Fletcher get there. I could delay him for a while. What do you plan on using to buy Wingate's land? Diamond Jim's gone and so is all his cash. Here. Here. I found them! I found 'em just like I told you! Sure enough, there they was right back of the churn. Every darn one of... Here's your money, Mr. Wingate. I never thought to see the day when I get a red penny it back on... What's that? My check. Well, now hold on, mister. I didn't hold on to these deeds all the years to have you hand me a piece of paper! Why, I don't even know you, mister... Mr. Wingate. Do you know anything about jewelry? Well, I'm no expert. Why? Well, do these look false to you? Well, they don't look false, no. Well - you may not trust us, but we trust you. And I would be very happy to let you hold these until the check clears. And we can't exactly run off with your land now, can't we? Well now, I tell you what, little lady. I'm gonna trust you. It's a deal. But you can keep those. I'll trust you. Thank you. Thanks for excepting my check, sir. We...we've be going now. Mr. Wingate, I thank you very much. I hope I'll see you folks again. Ah, you will, sir, you will. Certainly! Well, what can I do for you, folks? The question is can we do something for you? I'm Fletcher. Fletcher, Hampton & Krumholtz. Mr. Wingate, we bring you a bearable windfall. A what? You own 4,000 acres the Golden Meadows land. True? False! I just sold it. He sold it!? Say now what's going on around here? Why all this sudden interest in Golden Meadows? Did we hear you correctly? You just sold all 4,000 acres? That's what I said and that's what I did. But you still haven't told me what's going on out there! Oh, nothing really. Now, don't you lie to me, young fella! I've been holding out on the land for ten years and all of a sudden one day everybody's brother wants to buy it up. Can we ask you how much you were paid for your land? No, you can't. But I'll tell you anyway. $1 an acre. A dollar!? Well, how much would you a given me? Well, there's no point by telling you now. No, tell me. No, no. I just end up spoiling your day for you. Oh, come on. As much as $5 an acre. $5 an acre? Yup. Get out! But may we ask you who you sold it to? No, you can't! Now, you get out of here! $5 an acre! Now, I gotta go to town and talk some business. I can't spend the whole day around here gabbin' with you. $5 an acre! 5 Dollars! What a trade. Thank you for your time, yes, sir. And that goes for your partners, too. Know what? No, what? Somebody leaked the news. Don't look at me! I didn't tell a soul. It doesn't matter now who did it. There's a run on Golden Meadows land. Can't be a very big run. There isn't much of it available. Just Miss Brandon's 5,000 acres. Exactly. Remember I told you, I'm ready for a big opportunity? Yeah. This is it! How do you do, Mr. Wingate? Well, I'm glad I caught you. I see, you're fixing to go somewhere. Celebrate, I expect, huh? That's right. I'm was gonna celebrate. Soon as I found you. Mr. Wingate, I just... I just came here to get you to sign the transfer of ownership paper. I don't understand the gun. You will! You didn't think I'd recognize you, did you? Recognize me? You're nothing but an old-fashioned slicker in fresh wrappings, trying to fleece an old man. Now you give me back those deeds or I'll gonna let go with both barrels. You know we had a deal, Mr. Wingate. We even shook hands on it. You throw those deeds right here in this wagon. And no fancy moves! Yes, sir. Does this mean, you want to call off our deal? Don't be cute. Are you ride on out of here and don't ever come back. That's the way you feel about it, sir? I think you're making an awful mistake. You're the one made a mistake coming back here you young whippersnapper. Mr. Wingate, just one thing more - my check. Now get! Much obliged, sir. $40,000...$50,000 5,000 acres at $10 an acre. $50,000 - all yours. And these are mine. You drive a very hard bargain, Miss Brandon. Well, you certainly are persuasive, Mr. Fletcher. Much more apparently than your Mr. Smith. As I pointed out earlier - business is business. Some men get ahead. And others are left behind. I can't help thinking that there's more to you - than meets the eye. Well, whatever do you mean. I have the feeling that we're two of a kind. And that you're more of a business woman then you'd like to let on. But I guess - I'll never know, will I? Well, Mr. Fletcher, I'll never allow myself to use the word never. Have a good day. Good day... There's five extra dollars in it for you, if you could get me to the depot in time to meet the 4:15. Fletcher seems to be in a hurry. Naturally. He wants to get to Diamond Jim's office before it closes. He'll be about two days late. You know, Heyes, I've been thinking - if anything should ever go wrong with our amnesty, you know things have been going so smooth, maybe we're in the wrong end of the business. I've been thinking the same thing. Think of it - no trains to stop, no safes to blast... And when we're through $50,000 in our pockets. What's keeping Clem? What happened with the De Vega Land Development Company? The De which? The firm that rents this office. Not here, mister. There ain't been anybody in that office for two months. Guess, that's that. At least we won't have to fight it out over who gets Clem. Or how we'll spend the money. Kid - we can't let her get away with it. Not if we care for her. How's that again? Well, if it was anybody else we'd say forget it. We'll get even the first chance we get. But with Clem it'll be too late. If we let her get away with taking us, she'll think she can take anybody and she'll be on her way to a life of misery and unhappiness. Not to mention she'll have spend our money. Forget the money. We gotta save Clem. In the process we'll take our $50,000. I like that. How we gonna find her? Well, she's only got a few hours head start. She said that her father and that safety deposit box of hers are both in Denver. I'd say that's a good place to begin. Coming. Hello, Clem. Hi, honey. Oh, that's nice...nice. Nice place. Boys, you're gonna have to go! Now, I'm trying very hard to create a good impression and you two are gonna ruin everything! Yeah? Yeah, yeah...I'll have some. Clem, you may find this hard to believe, but... you see we didn't actually follow you because of the money. No, we were - we were thinking of your future. To your future! Hey, to Clemmies future! I'm thinking of your future, really I am. And the longer you stay here - believe me - the more doubtful it gets. Look I'm expecting company... and they're not the kind of gentlemen that you two would like to be meeting. not being who you are and all... If that's a threat, I'm sorry Clem, it won't work. Can't blackmail us twice. We did everything exactly the way you wanted it and then you ran out on us. Now, look you don't understand. I'm expecting a Federal Marshal and a Deputy State Attorney General they're gonna be walking in this room any minute now. Sorry Clem, won't work. Miss Hale. Hide in the closet. Clem, you take us for complete idiots? Clem, we're not going anywhere. 'till we get the money and the photo and your word that you're gonna get back into straight and narrow. Well now, you can't say I didn't warn you. You switch into the closet. Miss Hale? I'm Marshall Toomey this is Deputy Attorney General Hawkins. Miss Hale. this is - this is Joshua and Thaddeus my cousins. And they're just as anxious as I am am to see my father released from prison. Then you were successful in raising the $50,000, Miss Hale. Yes, yes, I was. And the large part due to my family. Yes, it is comforting to be able to turn to loved ones in times like these. However, I must warn you, not to get your hopes up too high. Your father's release from prison is not merely a matter of economics. First of all, the Attorney General must agree to waive the sentence in return for your father's full restitution, then the firm from whom your father embezzled the money they must agree to accept the money and withdraw all their original charges. Gentlemen - I have already talked to the widows of Mr. Fletcher's two partners, and they have assured me that they will be amenable to my proposal. In addition, they have agreed to have the firm's books audited. And I believe that the auditor will find that the firm of Fletcher, Hampton and Krumholtz's surprisingly short of funds. Something that Mr. Fletcher should have a very hard time explaining. Are you saying that Fletcher, Hampton and Krumholtz is the victim of another embezzler? No Marshall, the same embezzler. You see my father never took a dime from that firm and Mr. Fletcher knows it, because he himself is responsible for the shortage. If you proved to be right against Mr. Fletcher, I don't think you need worry about getting your father released. Well, that's fine, Mr. Hawkins, but I'd like to get these wheels in motion as soon as possible. Because I would certainly like to have my father back here with me. Here is a cashier's check for $50,000. We'll get things stirred up. You can count on that. And thank you, Miss, for being so persistent and seeing the justice is served. And your cousin's. If we had more like you three in our state, maybe our jobs might be a whole lot different. Yes, I think they would be. A good day, Miss Hale. Gentlemen. Mr. General...sir. Marshal...it's a pleasure. Thank you again. Goodbye. Clem... Now you know the whole story. Aren't you say anything? Nope. No. Well, I am. The next time she invites us to a closet - I for one, am gonna go. Well, I certainly won't forget what you did - either of you. We won't forget what you did either, Clem. As a matter of fact, Clem, just for old times' sake we would love to have that picture of the three of us before you leave. We know you have it, Clem. We saw you take it out of the bank - in that blue envelope? Well, I would certainly love to give it to you for old times' sake but memories are such fragile things. Oh, true, true, yeah. Clem, if you're thinking you may want to use it on us again someday you're making a big mistake. That's so right. But now listen you've got to see it from my point of view. Oh, I do. I do. I mean after all I'm a young girl, all alone in the world and who's to know when I might need help again, right? And I would certainly like to feel free to call on you two. Oh, but you can, Clem. You know, Clem, I think you've got a little taste for flimflamming. And you're thinking that the next time you need to cut a little money out of somebody you can just come to us. Now, how can you say a thing like that? Now, that's my train. Just give me my ticket, I'll be... You're not getting the ticket 'till we get that envelope. Well, this is ridiculous... I gotta have my whole bag... Wait a minute... Hold this. Here. I got it! Bye-bye. Good-bye, Thaddeus. Good-bye, Joshua. Bye! Bye-bye! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 