Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 14 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e14 - Miracle at Santa Marta - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 14 - Miracle at Santa Marta - full transcript 
 It will take a Miracle at Santa Marta for Curry to escape a firing squad after a wealthy visitor to a Mexican resort town is murdered. The miracle comes from Heyes visiting and discovering an early case of identity theft, in which two women claim to be the same Kentucky socialite who left home many years ago. The victim recognized the impostor and was killed for it ... but which woman is the impostor? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 If I was a gamblin' man I'd put a bet on that one. So would I - if it was a beauty contest. He can run, too. Wanna bet? Steady down, boy. Steady down. Save some of that for the race. Look at that, ain't he something? This will be a one-horse race. That there's the horse. Looks like he can run a hole in the wind. You can bet on that - right over there! Get your bets done, ladies and gentlemen. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Special racing shoes. Mr. Bleeker? Yeah? Ralf Hanley is my name. I'm from Lexington, Kentucky. Yeah? What can I do for you? Well, I heard about the race back in the hotel and I have a little filly that I'd like to try against your Western colt. What are you talking to me for? I ain't in charge here. Well, it all does seem rather informal but I've been told that your colt is the favorite, and if I get your approval, I can enter my filly. You want to enter a filly against colts? Well now, where is this here filly? I'll be dawged, she don't look like she's even grown up yet. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 That's right she's only 4 years old. But she's raced many times. Well now, you don't mind throwin' away that $200 that it takes to enter here in the race, well it's fine with me - just aches to the purse. Thank you - I'm obliged. That's ought to be. Yeah... All right, you can get a saddle. We're in it. Excuse me. Yes? She's a thoroughbred, isn't she? Machem line on both sides. It's a beauty. Thank you. Are you gonna be riding her yourself? Well, I hired a man for that. He rides better than me. And weighs less. How many furlongs is this race? My guess is it's more than three furlongs. Well, now if you're thinking of betting on her, gentlemen, I should tell you that she was shipped here from Kentucky just a few days ago, and it was a pretty rough trip. Shipped in here for this race? No, hardly. I'm taking her to Mexico. Breeding her to a Machem-line stallion. I just felt she needed a little exercise. Yeah, I see. But you wouldn't be offended if we made a small bet on it, would you? Well now, that's up to you. But there are others who... might be offended if she does win the race. Well now, horse races are usually a gamble, aren't they? Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two latter-day Robin Hoods very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. So, all we've got to do is just stay out of trouble until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. Go! Man, they get him go! C'mon, boys. Come on! Come on! Congratulations. Thank you, very much! I told you, she can make it. Hey Hanley, I want to talk to you. I asked you a question and you ain't answered it yet! Maybe that's because I didn't understand your question. Are you suggesting that I tried to trick you in some way? That's right. I think you put a real 'ringer' on us. My filly is no 'ringer', she's simply a thoroughbred. And if you knew horses as well as you think you know horses, you know that a thoroughbred may not run a quarter of a mile as fast as Western horses, but once they're beyond that then the pony starts slowing down a thoroughbred just getting ready to run the next furlongs in 11 seconds. Don't you turn your back on me, mister. Nobody does that. You come around here and you pull these con games on us. Why don't you wear a gun? Maybe that's because generally I don't need one - not being given to 'pulling con games'. Well, you're sure gonna need a gun - real soon. In fact, I'll give you one minute to get one. That or you disqualify your animal from the race so that the correct results can be announced. Well now, I'm sorry but I have no intention of finding a gun or disqualifying my horse. You accepted her entry. she won fairly. I'll say, she didn't. Being kind of a sore loser, aren't you, mister? The race is over. His horse won. You can't change that with a gun. You got some business here, boy? Yeah, I'd bet on his horse. I want to see the results change just because you carry a gun and he doesn't. Well now, I see you're carrying a gun. You want to get out of this meeting or use that gun? No, I really don't want to use the gun. I just want the results to stay the way they are. I put up $40 and I've got 300 coming. Just gives me a very sincere interest in keeping the results just the way they are. Boy, I don't give you a choice: now you either get out of here or use that gun. Now, which way you're going? Well, I... I really don't want to use the gun, and I will go if you just leave my friend here alone. In other words, you want to use that gun! No sir, I don't want to use the gun. I just want you to take your loss like a good loser - because that's what you did. You lost. Now, gentlemen, please... Wager $10. Queens, Jacks. Can I talk to you in private? Oh, right. Deal me out. Oh, I'll be back! Want a beer? No, what's up? I don't want a beer. You should do, Heyes, we're celebrating. Our friend from Kentucky has offered us a job. Uh, doing what? Riding with him down Mexico, and in a private, deluxe luxury coach that he rented from Butterfield's. Oh, yeah? That's a job? Hyperia - his filly - is worth $20,000. No foolin'...? He wants us to be bodyguards - he's paying 500 bucks. Thank you. He'd probably be just as happy if you went alone? Yeah, but I figured you want to go - riding in luxury, all expenses paid... Yeah, I would, but... Kid, the poker players in this town they think the laws of probability should only be obeyed when there's a sheriff watching. They stay on any pair, they draw to inside straights and they sweat when they bluff. I figure I'm bound to make more money playing poker with 'em then bodyguarding a horse. Why don't you go ahead then? How long will it take? A couple of weeks. All right - see you in a couple of weeks. Stay out of trouble. What this is for? I think I'm beginning to like you. Slower, Mister Turner! A nice easy canter if you please! You don't have a schedule to keep, you know! Right! Yeah, it's busted right off. Can it be repaired? Sure, but it'll take a blacksmith to do it. Mr. Hanley? Yes? Please forgive the intrusion, I merely wish to welcome you here. I'm Señor Cordoba, the Alcalde. Please, don't get up. This is Mr. Jones... he's travelling with me. Mr. Jones. While you're here - if I may serve you in my official capacity, please call upon me. Thank you. But I'm not familiar with the title 'Alcalde'. In my cases it means mayor, magistrate, Commissioner of Police... at your service. You're very gracious, Señor Cordoba. Thank you. Good evening, Señores. Good evening. Charming man. Mr. Haley, he's checking us out. But charmingly. Oh, Señor Jones, I have a message for you! Señor Hanley left this for you... only moments ago. Thank you. Come in, Rolf! You'll come with us, Señor. I'm sorry, uh no... I don't understand. That I understand. This pistol has been cleaned recently. My pistol's always been cleaned recently. Your name is Thaddeus Jones? Where do you come from, Mr. Jones? The United States of America. Would you care to narrow it down just a little bit? Would you care to tell me what this is all about? If I wanted to learn from someone in the United States such things as - who you are - what do you do for a living - where should I address such an inquiry? There's a sheriff Lom Trevors in Wyoming. Wyoming... Porterville. Who else? Mr. Joshua Smith. He's in Yuma, Arizona right now. What is his occupation? Uh...he's retired. Used to be in banking and railroads. Who else? Well - that's two. Yes, that's two. But I would like some more substantial credentials: place of residence, former employers, that sort of thing. Well, I drift around a lot. And right, now my employer's Mr. Hanley. How long have you known, Mr. Hanley? Look what's this all about? Am I under arrest or something? Yes, you're very much under arrest. And you know what this is about. No, I don't know what this is about! You do not know that Mr. Hanley your employer was shot last night and thrown off Punta Piedras cliffs? I assume that you, or whoever did this, expected the body to be washed out to sea or be eaten by sharks - but fortunately, it was found by a fisherman. He's dead...? Yes, he is dead. I... I suppose that... someone must have guessed he was a wealthy man - which he was - so they robbed him and killed him. No, your employer was not robbed, he was simply murdered. He was still wearing these. And in his pocket was his gold watch... and in his wallet there were several thousand dollars American money. He was murdered right here in Santa Marta, where he knew no one, a town where he came purely by accident! You were the only one who knew him, who could possibly have felt malice towards him or had a quarrel with him. That all sounds very logical, Mr. Cordoba. But it's not true. I didn't kill him, I had no reason to kill him. In fact, I liked that man. Last night you dined alone - why? Where was your employer? I don't know. He sent me a note saying he wouldn't be having dinner with me. Where's the note? I threw it away! Look ask the room clerk - he gave it to me. I did ask him. He did not read the note, nor can we find it. All right - you said he was shot. What kind of gun was it? A .45 caliber weapon - this caliber. What about Hyperia, his filly? Where is she now? In her stall, untouched. Anything else, Mr. Jones? Before I lock you up? Yeah, I'd like to send a telegraph. What is the message? 'To Mr. Joshua Smith, Yuma, Arizona... am in Santa Marta in jail, charged with murder. Bring money.' Add: 'Find out where Bleeker, the rancher who lost the race, has been for the last couple of days.' Signed Thaddeus Jones. How do you do? Oh, my name's Joshua Smith. It appears we're traveling together. You are heading for Santa Marta, aren't you? Oh, I better be. That's the only place this coach goes to. You're traveling all by yourself, Miss...? Yes. Oh, and it's missus. Mrs. Meg Parker. I'm a widow. Oh, I'm sorry. Uh, excuse me for saying this, but it seems a little unusual for a lady like yourself to be traveling all alone - especially to an out-of-the-way place like Santa Marta. Oh yes, I suppose it is. But I am alone, I have some money, and I like doing the unusual. And Santa Marta - so they tell me - is one of the loveliest resort towns in all of Mexico. Well, it's been very nice getting to know you, Joshua. I...I will be seeing more of you, won't I? Oh, I plan to see that you do. Thank you. Could you have someone take my bags up to my room? I have to visit a friend. Certainly, mister, certainly. How do I find my friend? He's staying at the local jail. The next day, a couple hours after you and Hanley left, Bleeker got shot. Shot?! The next day? Yeah. He picked another fight, and this time the man pulled the trigger. Bleeker's dead. Then I'm as good as dead too, Heyes! The Alcalde is right. Nobody here even knew Hanley, except me. Nobody here'd wanna kill him. Heyes, you got to get me out of this. It'll take a miracle. I know. You'll just have to come up with one. Good day. I was told that our prisoner has a visitor. You are...? Joshua Smith, Yuma, Arizona. Oh yes, of course... you are his other friend. You look quite young to be a retired railroad man and banker. Tell me, Mr. Smith - do you have any references I could check? Yes, Sheriff Lom Trevors, Porterville, Wyoming. Yes... Mr. Jones mentioned him. Anyone else? No, but if you decide to arrest me I'll try to think of someone. What I'm interested in now is just how I get my friend here out on bail? What? On a murder charge? Is that done in the United States? Well, it depends on the case. In this case, my friend here is innocent. I see. Well, I made two interesting discoveries since we locked him up. One is that Turner the stagecoach driver has a criminal record in the United States. He's not a fugitive. But he did spend 10 years in prison for murder. So, now I have him to consider. He's your man! He's got a criminal face if I ever saw one. You said, you made two discoveries. Yes. When I notified Mr. Hanley's widow I've learned that he lived in Lexington, Kentucky. How interesting. Right here in Santa Marta we have a permanent resident who also comes from Lexington, Kentucky. Her name is Margaret Carruthers. So as you can see, the situation is no longer simple. It sure isn't. Why is he still locked up? Oh, I intend to do something about that immediately. But Mr. Jones, if you try to leave Santa Marta you will go approximately 50 kilometers - and then you will be captured. And after that you will never leave this jail again. I will not leave Santa Marta until you tell me I can leave. I like Santa Marta. Good, good. There is a little problem I'm faced with this evening - that I would like you to help me with. Anything. What kind of problem? I would like you to have supper with me this evening, promptly at 8:00. How does that help? But Miss Carruthers would be there. If I simply question her we'll learn nothing from her. But if you, Mr. Jones, are there, you can bring up the subject of Mr. Hanley and casually mention where he came from. Her reaction might tell us quite a bit. I'll be there at 8:00. Promptly. Good. I'm more interested in this fellow Turner. You know where he is now? Probably what I left him - in the cantina at the hotel. Go on, get away from me - I got nothing to say to you! Why not? What do you got against me all of a sudden? What did I got against you!? Everything! I'm being kept down here - I can't leave until they find out who killed Hanley! And nobody's paying me any wages just while I'm here. And we know who killed him, don't we? Since it wasn't me, it's gotta be you! All right, all right... sorry we bothered you. Well, he's either a fantastic liar - or he didn't do it. I don't think he's smart enough to be a fantastic liar. All right, if wasn't you and it wasn't him it's gotta be what's your name, right? No, Heyes, unfortunately, it doesn't. Looks like Miss Carruthers is as rich as our friend Hanley. Hey, you suppose that's her? That's not a woman named Carruthers. That's Meg Parker. Who's Meg Parker? Oh, we rode down together on the stage from Yuma. She's widow, traveling around the world. Around the world? You can't get there from Santa Marta! That's what I thought, too, when she told me about it, but... I had no reason to think anything was peculiar. But you know something? What? Now I think it's peculiar. Come on. Maybe she's not coming. Oh, she'll be here, don't worry. That's her? That's her. It's up to you now, Mr. Jones. Good evening. I'm so deeply grateful - I didn't like the prospect of eating alone my first night in Santa Marta. Neither did I. You're right, it is a lovely town. Did you take the chance to look around at all? Oh, yes. I went down to the docks today, and I saw the men coming in from fishing. It made me wish I were a man, so that I could go fishing, too. I don't wanna deprive you of your fishing - but I'm happy with you just the way you are. Thank you. Maybe I was fishing - and successfully! Mr. Jones, aren't you the gentleman who came to Santa Marta with the other American ...who was killed? Yes, ma'am. What a terrible thing! What do you suppose happened? I wish I knew, Miss Carruthers ...I really wish I knew. What else did you see? Did you get out in the countryside at all? Oh, no, no. Perhaps I'll do that tomorrow. He had a beautiful thoroughbred mare with him. He planned to breed her to the stallion at the Rancho Verde. He was one of the biggest horse breeders in his part of the country, ma'am - he came from Kentucky - Lexington. Lexington? Yes, ma'am. Why, that's odd. I'm from Lexington. Are you? Well, then you must have known him: Rolf Hanley? Hanley... well, it does sound familiar. But there were 16,050 people in Lexington at the last count. Many of them were my friends. But I don't think I ever met Mr. Hanley. The Alcalde believed her? Yeah, I'm sure he did. I even believed it, and I didn't want to. She left home years ago. She's been living here for 4 years. Whom I don't believe is Meg Parker. She was deliberately lying. That was her in the buggy today - but she claims she didn't leave town today. All right, so she's a liar. She wasn't even here when Hanley was shot, so what is it... Heyes? Huh? Is this good or bad? Well, if you don't get killed, I think it's good. Gentlemen, I hope you have a very good reason to rouse my household at this hour. Somebody just tried to kill me. Is that a good enough reason? To kill you?! That was a first shot... the second one I dodged. Where did this happen? We were walking near the beach. That hill just behind a hotel. No more than 10 minutes ago. That's incredible Does that mean you believe it? Of course, I believe it. I just don't comprehend it. Or maybe you got somebody in your town who just doesn't like Gringo's. Many Grin... many Americanos come to Santa Marta. None has ever been killed. Oh, the score is one, and somebody just tried to make it two. Are you gonna do anything about it? Yes. I'm gonna get dressed and instruct my captain of police to go make inquiries. I will let you know the minute I hear something. Now, how about you let us leave town? Yeah? Oh, you could. Only I would not recommend you to try it. Who is it? The Alcalde. Come in. Gentlemen - my men have finished their inquiries. And? And they learned that the coach driver with whom you had words early today in the cantina was playing poker at the time the shots were fired at you. What about Margaret Carruthers? She went straight into her Villa after the dinner at my house - and according to a servant she retired immediately. And then went out a convenient window? Who knows? There's another item that I was unaware of - a private stagecoach arrived at 10:00 tonight. And the passenger of that stagecoach was Señora Rolf Hanley. You mean Mrs. Hanley's here already!? Yes. She's down the hall. Well, after all it's been a week since I notified her. She asked for me the minute she arrived in town, and was told that I was entertaining guests. She then asked for you, Mr. Jones, and learned that you were one of those guests. Then she asked for the coach driver. I questioned Turner, and he admits that he told her that, in his opinion, you killed her husband. Oh, that's great. He's very convincing on that subject. Yes, he is. Well gentlemen, if there are any further developments I trust they will wait for a more civilized hour. Good night. He's beginning to resent me. Well, that's understandable. Here you are, trying to get yourself framed for murder - or even killed - in his town. Nobody likes a nuisance. Yes? Ma'am, my name is Jones. I'm the man who came here with your husband. This is a friend of mine, Mr. Smith. I'd like to talk to you. What is it you want? I got shot at last night, Mrs. Hanley. Some time after you talked to a man named Turner, who claims I killed your husband. My husband knew no one else here. He was also shot with a colt .45... which I see you are still wearing. Yes, Mr. Turner did give me his opinion of you. Mrs. Hanley, I don't like getting shot at. So will you please listen to me: I liked your husband, I didn't kill him. So if that was you doing the shooting last night, please just... I didn't try to shoot you. What do you think I am? I think you're a very angry woman who's decided the man who killed her husband is getting away with it. Well, aren't you? Who else could have done it? Mrs. Hanley, I didn't the Alcalde tell you there's a woman living here who is from Lexington? No - no one told me that. Her name is Margaret Carruthers. Margaret Carruthers? But I know her! At least, I met her once, many years ago. And my husband knew her a little better than I did. Well, then maybe you'd like to meet her again... since she claimed last night that she'd never met your husband in her entire life. Good day! Very good day! Señor Thaddeus Jones to see Miss Carruthers. Come in and make yourselves comfortable. Come in, come in! Thank you. Mr. Jones, how nice to see you again. And so unexpected. Well now, someone arrived in town last night who is kind of anxious to meet you, ma'am. Well, I'll be right down. Excuse me. Miss Carruthers, I'd like you to meet Mrs. Rolf Hanley. Well, how do you do, Mrs. Hanley? How do you do? Won't you sit down? Thank you. Don't you recall meeting me before? In Lexington? It seems we have met, but I don't recall the occasion. It was on Spring Street in Lexington. I was with my husband-to-be. We were shopping. He introduced us. Yes, of course. I recall it now. You've changed. You've grown even more beautiful. That's curious: I was about to say the same thing to you that you changed. So much so that I wouldn't have recalled you at all. Oh, Mrs. Hanley, I was 18 years old. I have changed a great deal since that age - but so have you. Don't you recall my husband either? You met him many times. Yes, I do recall him. Well now, that brings up an interesting question, doesn't it? Since you told the Alcalde and me last night you'd never met Rolf Hanley in your entire life. I did say that, didn't I? But certainly, you can understand, Mr. Jones: I simply didn't want to get involved in whatever was going on. I was not involved, and I wanted to keep it that way. After all I hadn't seen him since I was 18. Even then I only knew him slightly. Then you know nothing of what happened to my husband here? You didn't see him? No, Mrs. Hanley. Who is it? I have flowers for the lady. Oh, come in, please. Oh, how lovely! Oh, just put them down there, please. Tell the gentleman that I'd be happy to have him come up here. Thank you. I hope you don't mind. But I'm anxious - he doesn't speak English. Joshua, you idiot. Come on in. Well, I'm relieved to see that you aren't seriously ill - and you don't look as if death is knocking on your door. You're probably just what the doctor didn't think of ordering for me. Do you believe her? Then she just changed a lot? Or she's somebody different altogether? I don't know. I met her that first time for such a brief moment. But my memory of her is different... it's really quite different... I appreciate you'd telling the Alcalde that. My friend and I could leave here tonight if we really wanted to but we'd prefer going with his approval. You know, Meg... I have a question to ask you. I hope it isn't one to bring on a relapse. Goodness - that sounds serious. Oh, it is. When you told me about your first day here you left something out. Really? Yes. You left out that you paid a visit to a woman who lives several miles outside of Santa Marta: Margaret Carruthers. Well, it was just an oversight, Joshua. I...I heard that an American woman was living here - alone, and I just decided to pay her a visit - unannounced. But she wasn't home when I got there. So I just turned around came back. I see. It does seem strange though, doesn't it? That you'd forget about driving all the way out to her villa. Joshua... why are you questioning me like this? Do you suspect me of something? Meg, a man was killed here. The Alcalde thinks a friend of mine did it. And I know he didn't. So I guess I'm ready to suspect almost anybody. It was many years ago that I met Margaret Carruthers. It was for a very short moment, and it was somewhat embarrassing because Rolf had once courted her. She...she might not be the same woman. I have a feeling she isn't - but I could be wrong - I could be terribly wrong. I'm not asking you to tell the Alcalde she's a liar - just that you're not sure about her, that's all. You know, I think we should have left without the Alcalde's approval. You're coming with us, Señor. I think I'm beginning to catch on to the language. Listen, get a hold of my friend Smith and tell him I'm back in jail. I want to talk to the Alcalde... now! You understand? I understand. But talking to me will not help, Señor. Here. Why is he in jail? Because a citizen of Santa Marta, a man who was born and raised here, just reported to me he saw a man around the Punta Piedra cliffs the night Mr. Hanley was murdered. He described that man to me. He was describing you, Mr. Jones. Well, he's lying. You saw me yourself in the dining room! Yes, but you left quite early. I went upstairs and went to bed! Mr. Jones, the witness described you right down to the boots you wearing now. I'm afraid there's no question any longer. It's gonna be a very short trial, I'm sure not more than 2 hours. Perhaps that will make up some of the time we've taken from you 'till now. Señor Alcalde, what happens if I'm found guilty? You see the wall outside your window? Yeah...? You stand against that wall, and we shoot you. That's what happens. Heyes... you got to do something! Yeah... but what? Whatever it's worth: Mrs. Hanley wasn't sure that Margaret Carruthers was really the woman she met in Lexington. Kid... you may have just come up with the answer! I've been wondering why my friend, Mrs. Parker, suddenly became bedridden. Who is it? Joshua. Oh, Joshua...well...come in. The door's unlocked. Hello, Miss Carruthers. Don't you remember me? I'm sorry, I don't understand. My name's Parker. It was Margaret Carruthers when we met 10 years ago in Lexington. Lexington? Lexington, Kentucky, as you well know. Joshua, I know how desperate you are to help your friend but isn't this just a bit unfair? I've never been to Kentucky let alone Lexington in all my life my life! My maiden name was Stanfill and I grew up in Ohio. You'll find my papers over there in that little case. I am from Cleveland, Ohio. Attention! You wish to be blindfolded? No. Very well. Ready! Take aim! Fire! I don't care what her papers say. This is the woman who was introduced to me on the street in Lexington by my husband as Margaret Carruthers. Don't you think it's time you start telling the truth Meg? One of the local people claims he saw my friend at the scene of the murder. I'm sure this witness was well-paid. And Thaddeus is gonna be tried in two days. And he may just be dead in two days. Well, I'm sorry but that woman was wrong. I've never seen her before in my life. Meg, I've only known you a little while. But I think I know this much: you couldn't live with yourself if something serious happened to my friend. Thank you. That's true. I mean, I just couldn't live with myself if I were responsible for someone's death. But I'm sure if he's innocent nothing will happen to him. And I... I just can't help him. Meg, he is innocent, but the evidence is it stands may get him shot! I want you to think about that! Whatever it is you're hiding... is it important enough to let a man died for it? Hey Amigo! Señor? Where's Hyperia? La Señora Hanley... she put a saddle on her and took her out - maybe for some exercise? Excuse me. Mrs. Hanley, what brings you back so soon? The truth. I know now that you're not Margaret Carruthers. Mrs. Hanley, I don't know what you're trying to do, but I can prove who I am. Perhaps more easily than you can prove who you are. My birth certificate - Lexington, Kentucky, and my passport. I don't know where you got these. They look genuine enough. But you're not the woman my husband introduced to me as Margaret Carruthers. I saw that woman just now in the hotel in Santa Marta. I want you to come with me to the Alcalde's office. I certainly will. I'd like to meet this woman that you claim is Margaret Carruthers. I'll take my buggy if you don't mind. I don't ride horseback. That is if you trust me to go into town by myself? I'll ride with you. I can come back for my horse later. If you wish. Where are we going? Wasn't that the road to town back there? On horseback, yes. With the buggy this road is much quicker and smoother. Buenos dias! How do you do? Mr. Smith, to see Miss Carruthers. Oh, Miss Carruthers and Señora Hanley went to Santa Marta. How long ago? A few minutes. In Miss Carruthers buggy. Thank you very much. Stop this buggy! We're not going to town at all! Stop! Perhaps grief has affected her mind, Señor Cordoba, because everything she told you was a lie. The horse reared and she was thrown out of the buggy. To say that I tried to hit her with the butt of my whip - that I was trying to kill her well that's insane! I was trying to help her when Mr. Smith rode up! Señor Cordoba, when Mr. Sm... Alcalde... this is Mrs. Meg Parker. She has something important to tell you. Please be seated, Señora Parker. I'm very sorry Mr. Alcalde that I didn't speak up sooner. I came to Santa Marta because I... read a newspaper article in Lexington about the death of Rolf Hanley. At the end of the article it added that a wealthy former resident of Lexington, a Miss Margaret Carruthers, also lives in Santa Marta. It was a very strange feeling reading that, because... I am Margaret Carruthers. She's lying! Señora, please - But she is! I can prove it! Please. Continue, Señora Parker. Well I was born and raised in Lexington. And I was anything but wealthy. Quite the opposite. But having just lost my husband I felt free to come here to see who was using my identity... and why. She came here to blackmail me and I threw her out! Señora, please. I only hope, that I can be forgiven for thinking that I could come here and accept money from her... in return for keeping silent. There! You see?! This woman is Elizabeth Carter. We went to school together in Lexington. Although we weren't part of the same group - her mother ran a bordello. And at the age of 18 she ran off with an outlaw named Charles Morgan. That's not true! After a time, we heard that she'd killed Morgan's brother, stolen a huge sum of money from the Morgan gang and she'd just disappeared. The newspaper said she'd been murdered - That's enough! Well... I did it, Thaddeus. You did what? Brought off the miracle! HEYES! ...now there was Elizabeth Carter with a fortune in cash and a very angry Morgan mob looking for her. So she decided she'd better become a permanent residence somewhere else. Which takes papers - like a birth certificate of her quiet little friend Margaret Carruthers. and with that you can get a passport. Heyes, is it that easy? It was that easy - until Rolf Hanley came along decided to pay a surprise visit on his old friend Margaret Carruthers... found someone else... Elizabeth Carter whom he also knew. Bye, Mrs. Hanley. Good-bye, Mr. Smith. Oh, Mr. Jones - Yes, ma'am? I'm...uh... I'm sure my husband didn't get a chance to pay you for your services, did he? No, ma'am, I didn't finish the job. Well, if you and Mr. Smith would accompany me to El Rancho Verde I'd be happy to pay you both. My husband only needed a bodyguard. I need a bodyguard and a chaperone. That's very generous, ma'am. Well, I think you got a deal, Mrs. Hanley. Good. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 