Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 15 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e15 - 21 Days to Tenstrike - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 15 - 21 Days to Tenstrike - full transcript 
 Heyes and Curry, unable to find work because of an economic depression, accept a rancher's offer of pay plus a fat bonus if they can help herd cattle to a Colorado town. Soon, one of the cattle-drive hands picks a fight with Curry, which ends in a no-decision despite the beating Curry takes. The next morning, the trail boss finds the hand stabbed to death with a stiletto knife. Curry doesn't own one and neither does anyone else on the drive, but because of the fight he's the main suspect. When a second murder in the same fashion occurs when Curry is chained to a wagon wheel for the night, Curry is set loose, but the team is getting extremely edgy because of the murders and because the rancher and the hands lose everything if they don't make the town by the deadline of the title. Curry thinks the two murder victims recognized him from a holdup and maybe confided in their killer, but who might that be? When the cook utters an ill-chosen remark about the rancher's wife (who's traveling with the group and congratulated Curry on holding his own in the fight, a third stiletto murder occurs. The boys must confide in the cook, who then figures out who the murderer is and swears revenge. Curiously, Walter Brennan did this episode as trail cook Gantry in BETWEEN his stints as con artist Silky O'Sullivan that season. Dick Cavett plays the sheriff of Tenstrike, the destination town, in a cameo designed to cross-promote his show and this one, both drawing marginal ratings. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I said I owed you an apology, Thaddeus, but I never made it. Well, saying it's enough. No. This Drive will be over the day after tomorrow, and I don't want it to end without saying how ashamed I am of the way I acted at the beginning. Joshua, I think we found ourselves a friend. What do you think? We need a friend, Gant. Someone we can trust. Someone that'll trust us. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Is that you? Well, I've already made up my mind you two is all right. And I never went back on my word in my life. Is that good enough? Did anybody ever offer you $20,000 to go back on it? $20,000?! Well, that's a fortune! I never got tempted that hard before. What are you boys talking about? About temptation. We think we know who the killer is but we can't stick around to prove it. Why not? He knows who we are. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And knowing that is worth $20,000. What? There's a bunch of banks and railroads, Gant, that are willing to pay that much for us - even though we've mended our evil ways. You two robbed banks? Why? That's where the money was kept. Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two latter-day Robin Hoods very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. So, all we've got to do is just stay out of trouble until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. That's okay old friend. You just eat all you want. As long as we're on the subject of eatin' - how much money you got? 30...35...43 cents. Wait a minute. Got some put away for an emergency. 86 cents. How about you? I don't even have to look. 00:03:46,752 --> 00:03:47,867 You know... If we put our money together we could buy one good steak supper. Yeah. What - flip a coin to see who eats it? You're on private property. What are you men doing here? Just passing through on our way to Smoketree. Wanted to give our horses a rest. You have business and Smoketree? No, we... we thought we'd try to find some work. Why? Well, maybe you ain't heard - there's a depression on. You won't find any jobs in Smoketree. Ever done any ranch work? Only when we couldn't avoid it. What about trail driving? We've always tried to avoid that, too - we haven't always succeeded, though. Oh, you've been drovers? Where? On Chisholm Trail. Back in '73, '74. Who was your trail boss? Our first trip out was Red Nelson. Second was Buck Wilder. Well, those are two of the best trail bosses around at that time. Ever worked for Jake Halloran? No. Heard about him, though. Nothing bad, I hope, 'cause you're looking at him. You boys want a job? What? Drivin' heard? No - thanks but we'll take our chances in Smoketree. Gentlemen, my name is Tynan. I own this spread. I'm driving 2,000 head of cattle north. Now we have 5 hands from the ranch, we've hired on 3 outsiders. There's room for 2 more. I'm paying a very nice bonus. A bonus? Where are you driving this heard? To Tenstrike. But I have to make it in 21 days or else I lose the sale - that's why I'm paying the bonus. Wait a minute, you're talking about Tenstrike, Colorado? That's right. 21 days!? I thank you for the offer, but we'll just be getting along now. The bonus is $400 per man - if we make it 21 days. You got yourself a deal. Yeah, just a job we've been looking for. I'll kick in another buck. Getting too rich for me. Me, too. Phil? I'll call you. A flush good enough? You drew two cards to a flush?! Yes, somethin' wrong with that? No...it's just awful lucky poker, that's all. Forget it. You lay down 41 cents, they won't even get you a hand. I'm not thinking about poker, I'm thinking about the players. The one with the moustache and the red bandana - Ralph? And the one on his left. Yeah, Bud, I think... Yeah. I've seen them both before. Where? I'm not sure but I got an awful feeling it was on a train. They look familiar to you? No... Come and git it! Hey, you! Me? Yeah. Smith, ain't it? No, he's Smith. I'm Jones. All right, Jones. You're riding drag tomorrow, Jones. That's not what Jake told me. He said that was riding flank. I talked to him. We're changing positions. Maybe I better have talk with 'im. Hey... You won't do you no good. I just told you, I talked to him. You seem to have hold of my arm. That's because I just settled it with Jake and I don't want nobody unsettling it. Well now, maybe we can talk about that - when you let go of my arm. I'll let go when you say it's settled - you ride drag tomorrow. Give it to him good, Ralph! Right in them pearly teeth! Give it to him, Ralph! Jake, aren't you gonna stop them? All right! That's it! Both of you! All right, everybody! It's all over! What touch that off? I don't know. Maybe he was just having fun. The business about changing jobs, huh? I thought I'd tell you, but I didn't figure he'd beat me to it. You know Ralph has been with Mr. Tynan for 3 years now. but he's never been on a drive before. He agreed to ride drag because he didn't know what it would be like eating, all that dust. When he found out, he come to me and I decided I'd start rotating you fellas. Well, I'm sorry he told me - not the greatest diplomat. I'm sorry, too. Thanks for taking it so easy. Maybe you better tell him to take it easy, huh? Appreciate all the support you gave me. At least you could have done was yell 'go get him' or something. Yeah, but it looked like you were losing. You wouldn't want me to back a loser, would you? Another 5 minutes, I'd 've had him licked. He was slowing down - fast. Another 5 minutes, your face would have been a bloody pulp. He's lucky then. He's still quite handsome. Thank you, Mrs. Tynan. I thought you might need some iodine. I've got some in my medicine kit. I don't think so, ma'am. I don't think I'll need it. Bruised but not bloody. My compliments to you. I've seen Ralph in a number of - disputes. You're the first man who's been able to hold his own against him. Good evening. Well, here we are only two days out: You've got yourself beat up, made yourself an enemy, and the boss's wife he's got her big brown eyes pointed right at you! And only 19 more days to go! Want you more? Of that stuff?! I got an idea, Jake. Starting tomorrow, you let me be trail boss and I'll let you be cook. How's that? I'll talk the boys. My guess is they'll be all for it! He whupped you good, didn't he? Ralph really whupped you! Is that all I get? I surely do appreciate this, Mr. Gantry. I'm gonna save this piece 'till tomorrow. Bless you. You know it ain't so bad having Ralph as an enemy, but when the cook 's against you you're really in trouble. You know Ralph... and Bud... Did you figure out where you've seen him yet? No. But if I recognize them - you suppose they might have recognized us? Breakfast about ready? Guess it won't hurt to get them started. All right, everybody! On your feet! Let's go! Sun 'll be up in 20 minutes! Let's go! Come on, coffee's ready! Ralph? Get to it! He, Ralph. Wake up, will ya? Stiletto. That's what killed him. It's the only thing that'd make a wound like that... or kill man so quick and silent. Now the next question is: who's got one? Jones? I don't have a stiletto, and if I did I wouldn't kill a man with it while he was asleep. Anybody seen one on him? Or anybody else? A man carries a stiletto, he don't show it around! Now, we all know who killed him. What are we gonna do about it? Bud, we don't know that for sure. Mr. Tynan, if it's all right with you I'd like to search everybody. Clothes, bed rolls, everything. Well, it's all right with me - as long as we don't lose too much time at it. This search - does it include you? It does. And you can do it if you want to. All right, you can put him back on again. Well, I figured that'd be a waste of time. Whoever did it probably buried that stiletto somewhere. An army couldn't find it. Look I'll have one of the boys ride into the nearest town and get the sheriff. You can't do that! We could be stuck here for days! It's almost impossible to get to Tenstrike on time as it. So what do you suggest? Bury the body, mark the grave, and we keep moving. When we get to Tenstrike, we'll report to the sheriff there. All right. Jones? I said we can't be sure you did it. But I can't think of anybody more likely. I'm sorry but we can't let you run around loose. Give me the gun. Phil! Benton! Tie him up and put him in the chuckwagon. Now, what do you want? That's alright! I just want to talk to him! Well, that better be all! You make one move to turn him loose and there will be pieces of you scattered all over the place! Ay. You take this here? Hi! You're gonna have to do a lot more than just talk, Heyes! You gotta get me out of here! Why? It's beats riding drag, don't it? Look I've been doing some thinking: tonight they gotta untie me in order to let me eat, right? Know what...? You ain't been doing any thinking, Kid. Ain't been doing any thinking at all. Would you mind explaining that? Yeah. You want to add 'murder' to one of those warrants out on you? Look, if we make a run for it, somebody's gonna put it together and come up with 'Heyes and Curry'. But that's exactly why we can't go on to Tenstrike! They start looking into that killing, they're gonna find out for sure who we are! That's right, too. What you say; That we can't leave and we can't stay? You got any more to add to that? Sure. We just stay around long enough to find out who really did kill him. How are we gonna do that? I don't rightly know. I see ya. Let's see. Almost here. There we are. That's it? 'Fraid so. I'm sorry about Ralph. I really am. I'll be honest with you, I'm just as sorry about the time it's cost us. If we don't make this delivery on time I am bankrupt. It isn't helping any keeping one of the experienced drovers trussed up in the chuck wagon. Maybe not, Mrs. Tynan, but in my opinion if we didn't have him trussed up that would be the last we see of him anyhow. Git it while it's hot and here! Come on, we ain't got all night! Come on! I don't know how much longer I can take it. Riding in that chuck wagon makes riding drag seem like a trip on the Union Pacific's Hotel Train. Well, I got confidence in you. You can do it. And I'd wish you wouldn't bring up the subject of trains. I don't suppose you've figured out yet who killed Ralph, huh? You'll be the first to know. Was it too much to ask if you've even got a hunch? I've got 7. The trick is to narrow down to 1. That's great. You finished? Why? 'Cause those ropes is gonna go right back on ya. Better start rousting them out, Jake. Hey, Nelson. Com 'on, Benton. Let's go! Holloway, you can move faster than that! Hey, Bud. Bud! ...now Bud. He was different than Ralph, he...had a bad temper sometimes. But Bud was whilst, he was more easygoing. But in one way they was the same. They was... good to an old man like me. They never complained about the grub, which is a lot for them boys because sometimes that grub was pretty awful. I'm gonna miss Bud just as much as I miss Ralph. I'm gonna miss him bad. So... I'll leave him in your care, Lord. And the fellow who killed him - I'm gonna see that he ain't far behind! That fellow couldn't be my friend, Jones, could it? Ain't no doubt who it is! Not in my mind, anyway! Oh Gantry, it couldn't have been Jones. He was tied up. I ain't talking about Jones! I owe that boy an apology! There's the fella I'm talking about! I think you'd better explain that! Or have you lost your mind? I'm as sane as the day I was born, and a whole lot smarter! You know what I'm talking about - you heard them rumors back at the ranch! What rumors? Don't act dumb with me! About Mrs. Tynan. How he was a carrying on with Ralph first, and then with Bud. He has lost his mind! He's insane! Ain't for me to say whether them rumors are true or not, Mrs. Tynan. All I know is everybody heard 'em and believed 'em. Now - he's killed them both! Yes, I heard the rumors. There! You see? But I didn't believe 'em. And I still don't. They were just... dirty bunk house stories. And even if I had thought there was any truth in them, I still could not have done what - what was done here - for many reasons the least of which is if those cattle are not delivered on time, I lose everything. Now, we started with too small a crew, and the smaller it gets, the more likely I am to go under. Now, surely you can understand that, Gantry. I sure don't! And I don't believe it neither! Man gets riled up and gets churning inside, he ain't gonna think of business! Terence, I want that man dismissed from the drive. Now! Well now, that just suits me fine, Mrs. Tynan: Falls Pass is just a little way from here. They got a sheriff and he can - No! Now, you have accused me of killing 2 people. Now, if you want to say that to a sheriff, I have no objection. But you'll do it in Tenstrike. Would I get there alive? I'll see that you do - and everybody else here. Starting tonight we're gonna have guards out and we're not gonna sleep spread out any more. There'll be somebody on watch every second. Who? All of us - 2 hours each, every night, all the rest of the way. Does that sound fair? Sounds fair. It's all right with us. How about it, Gantry? Well, all right, Jake. I'll stay. and I'll do everything I can to help get us to Tenstrike real soon. 'cause I got a powerful lot of talking to do! Not that it's a matter of life or death anymore, at least not my life - you figured it out yet? No, but you're wrong about it not being important. This thing's still up in the air when we get to Tenstrike there goes our pay - bonus and all. How's that again? You know we can't just sit around in Tenstrike waiting for a sheriff to find a killer. I mean, we don't find out what's happening before we get there - we don't get there, that's all. You still haven't even got a hunch? Well, yeah... yeah, I...uh...I I'm using the process of elimination. And I figure you're not our man. Well, I appreciate that, Heyes. That's... that's real touching. Oh now, I... I wasn't sure for a while but you couldn't have killed Bud. All right. Next, I eliminate me. You do? Why? 'Cause I'm the one doing the eliminating. It gives me certain rights. Now, I figure the hands that hired on just for the drive didn't do it. None of them knew Ralph or Bud. Well, that leaves the ranch hands - or at least a 3 that are left. ...plus Jake and Gantry and Mr. and Mrs. Tynan. Nah, that wasn't Gantry. You saw busted up he was. Yeah. Over Ralph? If you want to cross Gantry off the list, I'll do the same with Jake. No particular reason. It's just that if I have to stop believing in Jake, I might as well stop believing in anything. What Tynan? Now, there's a live one. I don't know, he came up with a pretty good reason for not killing those boys. And Gantry came up with pretty good answer, too. There's Mrs. Tynan. Why would she do it? I don't know. Why would anybody do it? I haven't even eliminated you yet. You know Kid, that's not really funny. I know, but I keep remembering that Ralph and Bud were the only 2 that you were afraid that... might have recognized us. Kid, your sense of humor is really getting warped, you know that? Whatever happened to yours? What now? You know, I think I got it! Bud and Ralph did recognize us! You know Heyes, you beginning to sound like Harry Briscoe, which ain't good. I know. I know, it sounds crazy, maybe it is. I gotta go trying and find something. And if I do, I'll tell you who did it and why! Hey! Wake up! Come on! I'm coming. You're supposed to be standing guard! I am? You mean... you mean, I fell asleep?! Gantry says you were asleep when he woke up 20 minutes ago. I'm sorry but... I don't know what - All right, just go wake up the others. Go on! Thanks, Jake. Come on! Up on your feet! Wake up! Wow, did I have a dream last night. Oh, what was that? You and me were the only ones left. How'd it turn out? We decided to shoot it out. Was the only fair way. Who won? I don't know. That's when I woke up. Let's go, Phil! Movin' soon. Phil? Jake! Jake! Come here! Come here quick! Go on Jake! Tell 'em what I told you! Tell 'em! What's he talking about, Jake? I'd rather not say, Mr. Tynan. You'll say it or I will! Now tell 'em! Come on. I want to know what he's talking about. So do I! All right, but I have to tell you, Mrs. Tynan: he won't be dismissed from the drive. Somebody here is a cold-blooded killer. And everybody else is a witness. So everybody stays until we get to Tenstrike. Now you wanna tell 'em what I predicted or ain't you? What Gantry means is, that after Bud was killed he came to me and he said he told me those bunkhouse rumors also included Phil. Now my pre-cise word was: 'If I'm right Phil is gonna be next!' If I didn't know how genuinely fond you were of Ralph and Bud, I'd be thinking that you were the one that's doing all this. I mean I can't think of any other reason why you're so anxious to accuse an innocent man. I'll do my talk to the sheriff in Tenstrike. Jake, are you saying that Gantry came to you and predicted Phil would be next and you didn't do anything about it? You just waited to see if he was right? No, I'm not saying that. I talked to Phil - I gave him the choice of leaving the drive. Phil told me that there was no truth in those rumors about him and your wife. He told me that most of the rumor was spread by Gantry himself. That ain't true. I heard them rumors, but I didn't repeat them. I ain't say no more 'till I get to Tenstrike. All right. Up now on there'll be 2 of us on guard at all times. If that means that nobody gets enough rest to make it to Tenstrike on time, it'll be my loss. I'll take that chance - but I'm not willing to risk the lives of those of us here who are innocent. Anybody object to that? All right. Let's get started. However, I think there's something else we should get started with first. What's that? Whoever owns that stiletto was pretty attached to it. He kept it after he killed Ralph and Bud. I think he's still keeping it. And you want to make a search that's already failed once? No, I just like to look in all those places we didn't look the first time. I hope you boys don't take it personal but Mr. Tynan and I decided you'd have to pair off with somebody else on guard duty. Oh, we won't take it personal as long as Mr. and Mrs. Tynan won't. I mean, they're gonna pair off either, right? That's right, Mr. Smith. My wife will be pairing up with the Jake and I'm gonna be pairing up with Mr. Gantry. Who says? I say. You got some objection to it? Well, if it was your idea, no. Listen, does anyone object if I go take a little walk before I turn in? Not if it doesn't take more 10 minutes. That sounds just about right. I'll go along with you, Thaddeus. Boy, have I been wanting to talk to you! I had the feeling you did. What about? I found it! The stiletto? Where? There's a pony in the ramada with a nice big bushy tail. So I thought: well that'd be a nice easy place to hide it. easy to get at it - and the horse belongs to whoever wants to use it. So I looked. And there she was, in a leather scabbard, hid nice and neat, right under that tail. I'll left the scabbard out there. Put it away! Why didn't you sound off when you found it?! I wanted to talk to you first. I'm glad you did, but don't ask me why. When Phil got killed, my theory kind of died with him. What theory? Never mind, another theory died the same night. I boils down to this: we're licked no matter what. Short of somebody making a full confession we can't go to Tenstrike anyway. There'll be a court trial, you and me 'll be standing there and swearing our names are Joshua Smith and Thaddeus Jones. We can't risk it. We can't just ride off without collecting our pay! I'll think we did it! I know. I'll have to come up with a solution to that problem, and then ride off without collecting our pay. Heyes, what would I ever do without you? Now we can make this Creek by tomorrow night then we could be in Tenstrike by mid-afternoon the next day. I can't believe we actually have a chance to make it! A chance? We will make it with 2 or 3 hours to spare. See, I got a little java left. You fellas like some? Sure. Thanks, Gant. I said I owed you an apology, Thaddeus, but I never made it. Well, saying it's enough. No. This drive will be over the day after tomorrow, and I don't want it to end without saying how ashamed I am of the way I acted at the beginning. Gant, you don't have to apologize to me, but I accept it. You may be wrong about Mrs. Tynan, too. She has a way of smiling at a man that makes it kind of easy to take wrong. She really don't mean it the way it looks, Gant. Now you can take that from an expert. Well, maybe. I never said the rumors true, just that they were there and Tynan knowed they was there. Gant... you sure, we'll be in Tenstrike the day after tomorrow? Positive. Joshua, I think we found ourselves a friend. What do you think? We need a friend, Gant. Someone we can trust. Someone that'll trust us. Is that you? Well, I've already made up my mind you two is all right. And I never went back on my word in my life. Is that good enough? Anybody ever offered you $20,000 to go back on it? $20,000?! Well, that's a fortune! I never got tempted that hard before. What are you boys talking about? About temptation. We think we know who the killer is but we can't stick around to prove it. Why not? He knows who we are. And knowing that is worth $20,000. What? There's a bunch of banks and railroads, Gant, that are willing to pay that much for us - even though we've mended our evil ways. You two robbed banks? Why? That's where the money was kept. Yeah. Well? Say, who are you anyway? Well now, we're wanted, Gant, that's all you need to know. All right. just tell me who killed them boys. Now, wait a minute. Who we think killed 'em. Now you're have to prove that yourself back in Tenstrike. And you can - 'cause we found the stiletto: and there can't be another one like it. Should be easy to find out who it belonged to. And just who is that? It's our straight-shooting trail boss, Jake Halloran. Why? $20,000. I don't believe it! We've heard stories about Jake. He's killed men for nothing - of course, he always thought they deserved it. We think Jake figured this might be his last drive, with nothing to show for 20 miserable years of pushing cattle up the rail heads. Well what's that got to do with him killing Bud and Ralph? They recognized us, Gant. We figure that they went to Jake talked to him - to get his advice. Like you said, $20,000 is a fortune. But not if you have to split it three ways. But why Phil? Just because I...? Who knows? Maybe Phil got suspicious... No... it's what I said: 'Phil's gonna be next'. So he killed him to prove I was right! Where is the stiletto? I'll... tell you where it is later. We'll stay on 'till tomorrow night - it'll be a lot easier for us then: use the river, maybe railroading, hideout in the Manitou. We'll make it. Your leaving without your pay or your bonus? Oh, ain't got no choice. I want your word on one more thing, Gant: that you won't use the stiletto on Jake - except as evidence. You got my word. Hey, Gantry! Come here - I want to ask you something. That's quite a meeting you held over there. What's going on? Why? Because I don't feel right about those two Gant, that's why! What was that confab all about? Well, to tell you the truth, Jake, I don't feel right about 'em either. Last night I was watching 'em when they walked away after supper. And I ain't sure, mind you now, but I think I seen Jones show something Smith. And I think it was a stiletto. You're sure? I said, I ain't sure. That's why I was talking to 'em, you see? Trying to feel him out. Didn't get nowhere though. Jones did show Smith something? You're sure about that? Sure as I'm standing right here. All right, Gantry, let me handle it. Well, you're the boss. Looking for something, Jake? Just checking the stock. No, you wasn't. You were looking to see if something we still where you put it. For instance, that'd be a real nice place to hide a skinny little stiletto, now wouldn't it? You know, you got a real bad habit, Gantry: you go around pointing your finger at people. I don't like it when you point it at me. Well, then I won't. I'll just come over there and have a look for myself. That is it, if you don't mind? Why not? What happened? I shot him. He's dead... Why? Well can't you see that gun in his hand!? That doesn't exactly answer my question! He was looking for his stiletto. It's hidden in that bay's tail there. He was looking for it about half way down. Why don't you tell me exactly what happened? My pleasure, Mr. Tynan. Last night I told Jake I thought I'd see them two - with a stiletto. I said it just to see if Jake could be looking to find out if it was really gone. And he did. Now when he knowed I had him dead to rights he tried to kill me. And you just happened to be carrying a gun in your hand? Something you never do? Oh no, sir. I carried it a purpose. I figured he might do just what he done. Jones, I want you to take the responsibility of seeing that he gets to Tenstrike. And I want you to turn him over to the sheriff when you get there. Will you accept the job? Sure. Why turn me in? Because you just killed a man, and I'm not sure that I believe your story. In fact, I don't believe it. Gant, you gonna keep me waiting all day? For what? The answer. Why'd you do it? 'Cause I wasn't sure of you. I liked Jake. I like you and your friend, too. For all I know, you two done them killing, not Jake. I had to make sure. And I did, too. Now, you're in a lot of trouble, my friend. Not if the law can find out that that stiletto is Jake's. That will settle it. And if they can't? Well, then now I'm in trouble. Leastways you and Joshua can ride into town and collect your pay and your bonus. You sure earned it. Yeah, but I don't think we wanna earn it that way... Good afternoon, sheriff. Can we see our friend again? Why not? Put your guns right down there. Any news on that stiletto? Nope. You're really gonna try that old man? Yep. Shot a man, didn't he? In self-defense. If the stiletto belonged to Jake Halloran, you're right. If it didn't... What are you two doing still hanging around town? We tried, but we couldn't leave. Not until we know you're all right. I am all right! But I can't tell anybody why this all happened until you get out of town! Now get! We're not gonna get, until we're sure you're all right. Look... you see them wanted posters up there? What I've been reading them. And if you two come in here again or if I hear you're still hanging around this town, I'm gonna die a rich man. You are? Yep! You know neither one of you looks mean enough to... to be Hannibal or Kid Curry. But I know now that's who you are. I want you go on - so I can get tried and get out of this here cage, one way or another. You know, I think he means it. I sure do. We'll think about it, Gant. Oh sure. Take your time, take two or three hours - then I give in to greed. $20,000. That is a temptation right enough! So long, Gant. Good luck! Hey! Hey, what you got there? News! Yeah? What kind? I can't say. No, wait. Look, we don't want to interfere anything, you see but we're leaving town. Is it about our friend, Gantry? It concerns him, yes. About the stiletto? I can't say! Oh, sure you can. Well, the sheriff at Fort Dodge said that Jake Halloran had a stiletto that fits the description we sent. Oh, you know Kid, I'd like to say goodbye to old Gant, but human nature being what it is and him about to get a new lease on life Heyes, you're a miserable cynic. And I agree with you. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 