Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e9 - The Reformation of Harry Briscoe - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 9 - The Reformation of Harry Briscoe - full transcript 
 In the second half of what later became the TV movie "The Gun and the Nun" (shown on CBS Late Night in the late 1970s and possibly syndicated), Harry Briscoe is on the track of Sister Isabel, née Molly, who used to work as a "typewriter" (the name applies to the job as well as the instrument during these early years) in a Kansas City bank. That is, until she allegedly embezzled $30,000 from the cash reserve and took off. Since Molly is Irish Catholic, it was a simple matter for her to join two other sisters looking to establish a mission, posing as having been assigned to them by another convent. Harry isn't fooled by the disguise, but he is also greedy and want to swipe the money and head for Mexico. "Sister Isabel" evades the boys for a while posing as a saloon girl, but Harry eventually catches her and robs her. Our heroes, realizing Harry can be a real friend to them if he's caught and given a lesson on going straight to avoid being shipped to prison, go after him. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Thank you. Goodbye! Oh, thank you. Sister Julia! Why, Joshua! Thaddeus! What a pleasant surprise. Sister! What are you doing here? Now, we delivered our cattle this morning. And we thought we'd come into town and try to sell the wagon. It's nice to see you. Oh, it's wonderful to see you, Sister. You know, we never did find Sister Isabel. It's one of the great mysteries of my life. Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two latter-day Robin Hoods very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. So, all we've got to do is just stay out of trouble until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. Hey, Smith! Come on, pull! Oh, come on, horses. Come on! Won't work. Axle's broken. Hey, Mr. Smith! Mr. Smith, come here! The new driver said, you gonna take 'em to Pearlman to catch the stage. That's right. First thing in the morning. Well, you better leave me here, 'cause I don't wanna get these animals any closer to town. Sister... hold it up right here. Guess, this is as good place as any to make camp. I take it, this is where we're going to spend the night. Yep. By any chance are you gentlemen Catholics? No, Kansans, ma'am. Kansans? What my friend meant is we're from Kansas. And not too many Catholics in Kansas. You do go to church regularly? I mean to your own church. Oh...no...I.. wouldn't call us...regulars... ...move around a lot. Do you go to church? We did...yeah... yeah...every Sunday back at the home. The home? Yeah, the home...for orphans. Yeah, we...we both lost our folks in the border war wars. About the only place for orphans back in those days was the Valparaiso school for waywards. It's easy to see they did a fine job. Oh...well...thank you, ma'am... They must be very proud. Well, not real proud, no, ma'am. You see, we ran away when we were 15. I guess, you might say that we're self-made...kind of. Well, if either of you would care to join us in the fellowship of evening prayer please - don't hesitate. Thank you, ma'am. Uhm, Sister... we have to look after the stock ...and build a fire and make camp...you understand? Not really. Sister Isabel. I swear, if you talked to her much longer you'd've told her about the prices on our heads. Is that our stage? No, Sister. It's eastbound... the stage to Kettledrum comes in that direction. Thank you. You're welcome. Howdy! Only grain and water to these boys, okay? Well, I think that's the man you're looking for to talk about these horses with. I hope you and Sister Isabel have a good trip, ma'am. Well, thank you both and... and bless you. Thank you. Goodbye. Goodbye, Sister. Bye-bye, Sister. The size of that pot... Heyes, you supposed it I yell fire a couple of seats would open up in that game? It wouldn't work. They'd just take the cards with 'em. Anybody here named Smith or Jones? Anybody here named Smith or Jones? What's matter? I don't know what has happened. I left Sister Isabel for a few minutes to sell the horses, and when I came out she was gone...vanished. I looked up and down the street. Something must have happened! She couldn't have gone far, ma'am. Don't worry, Sister. We'll find her. Somebody had to see her. A matter of fact it's, pretty hard to lose a nun in a town like this. Yes. Excuse me... you didn't see a nun go by... 10-15 minutes ago. About this tall, young? Did you see a nun go by dressed like this? Young, about this tall? Howdy, Mister. you would have happened to see a nun go by in the last 10 or 15 minutes. Young, about this tall? Yep. You did? Yep. Like I told the other fella that asked, she was headed down that way about 20 minutes ago. Uh, are you sure? Mister, I can tell black horses from white horses, and I can sure tell a nun from... No, no, I mean about the other fella asking. He asked if you'd seen a nun? Sure he did, and he described her better than you did. Did you tell anybody else that she's missing? Why, I never said a word to anyone. What this man looked like? Oh, snake face, eyes set too close... citified clothes... and he walked like he just won a raffle. It's ring a bell? No, but thanks just the same. Appreciated. Gentlemen, I think the time has come for me to go to the sheriff. You want to come with me? You go ahead. We'll just keep looking. Ma'am. You know, Kid, that description sounds like it ought to mean something to us. I should have known! Hey, you should come and take a look. They taking the town apart, looking for one of those nuns we saw when we came in. Shut your mouth and close the door. This is her. Here's the nun. Harry Briscoe! How are you, Harry? I don't get it! What's the matter? I mean, she's in trouble and we're trying to help her. That's all. What kind of trouble? Man trouble, honey - man trouble. What other kind is there? Hey. Hi, Harry! What are you boys doing in Pearlman? What are you doing in Pearlman, Harry? I'm proud to tell you - I'm working. At what? The Bannerman Detective Agency. They welcomed me back with open arms. Of course, they didn't know about my... little moment of weakness. Hadn't been for you two boys, I don't think I'd had the strength to overcome it. You don't know how grateful I am. I was desperate! Forget it sweetie, we've all been there. Of course, this disguise, I mean, this really beats everything. I sure wish, I had something like this when I was trying to shake Charlie. Let me take that. You've done so much already. Oh listen, I'm not through yet. Come on, I'll buy you a drink. You didn't tell us what you're doing here. Now, boys, you know I can't do that. A Bannerman man's job is confidential, strictly confidential. All right, Harry then we'll tell you what your job is. You're looking for a nun, her name is Sister Isabel, she's in her early 20s, kind of pretty, about so tall. How did you know that!? 'Cause we brought her into town. Because she's turned up missing. And because a fella gave us your description as the one looking for her. When I'm finished with you, your own mother isn't gonna recognize you. Now I'll give you boye some information you don't have. Now that girl's name is not Isabel, it's Molly. Molly Cusack. And she's not a nun, she's a typewriter. A typewriter? That's right. She works one of those typewriting machines for a bank in Independence, Missouri. Would you believe she robbed that bank of $30,000? Remember, when you go downstairs there is nothing to be afraid of. I mean, we are West of the Mississippi, where a woman, no matter who she is, or how she makes her living is still treated like queen. Well, I just hope, I can do what's...necessary. Harry, how can you expect us to believe that? Well, that's exactly what she's done. Got out of town by dressing up in a nun's outfit. Headed West. I got worried she'd joined up with another sister east of Ironstone All right. The girls steal some money and puts on a nun's outfit. How do you know, that this girl is the one? Well, I don't know for sure... I only saw her from a distance. My hotel window over there. I got down here, she saw me and ran into the store. Harry, you're getting in deeper every minute. What do you mean? Now, you think about it, Harry - a smart detective like you: The answer will come to you. Well, it isn't! What you think, Harry? Now, how did she know you? How would she have any reason to run unless she recognized you. And how could she do that? Well, you see boys I almost caught up with her outside Lawrence, Kansas before she joined up with the other lady nun. My horse went lame or I had caught her. I guess, that's when she saw me. Harry, don't you ever do anything right, not even lying? Mr. Jones! I'm so glad you didn't leave. I thought maybe you'd like to be deputized. The sheriff's enlisting everybody. The sheriff? What's the sheriff doing? Dep...Deputize? No, thank you, ma'am. You forget, we still have that herd to move. And I'm sure, they can find Sister Isabel without our help, ma'am. Oh, I hope you're right. I'm so worried! What do you think could have happened? I can answer that one for you, Sister. Oh, that's another woman, Harry. Excuse us, Sister. We'd like to talk with our friend here. Now, wait a minute! There's no reason why I shouldn't inform the good sister as to the true nature of the bad sister. Except that the good sister happens to be a friend of ours and we're not gonna let you hurt her with a story that may not be true. Well, she shouldn't brought in the sheriff! I don't need the sheriff. Now, back at the agency this will be a big feather in my cap if I can solve it by myself. Well, that's your problem! Oh, there's nothing to it, honey. I mean, they're probably gonna offer you a drink. Now, the thing to do is accept it. I mean, you don't have to drink it, but accept it. Anyway, they're gonna treat you real fine. You're gonna let the sister go to the convent in Santiago without any word about the Bannerman Detective Agency ...or the bank robbery. Or any young girl posing as a nun. Or you'll tangle with us! All right, boys, all right. I guess I owe you that much. Never let it be said that Harry Briscoe wasn't concerned for the feelings of others. Excuse me. Hey, Madge! Howdy! Open that door, Madge! What do you want? Will you open the door? No! Why? I'm a deputy! You're what? Yeah! We gotta come in and search the place. Sister... we've conversed with our friend Mr. Briscoe and he thinks you can go on to the convent without worry. Mr. Briscoe...? Oh, yes Sister. You see I'm Harry Briscoe. I have reason to believe... He's had a lot of experience with these things. How long have you known Sister Isabel, ma'am? She joined me when I bought that wagon. Why? Well, just idle curiosity. Well now, Madge can sure see you ain't got no nuns around here. We'll get you accommodations in the hotel. The sheriff has very graciously given me a cell. But he said I can have as many visitors as I want. You will drop in, won't you? I don't think so, ma'am. Thaddeus means that after one hand of poker we'll be heading back to camp. I see. Goodbye, Joshua. Mr. Briscoe. Thaddeus. God go with you! Thank you. Thank you, ma'am. Thank you. He won that pot with a pair of queens. What do you suppose they do buy those seats a month in advance? They can't either be born into it. Harry is back. Harry, have a seat. Don't you have to look for Sister Isabel. No, no point in now. The sheriff got so many men running around out there, they're stumbling all over themselves. Hey honey. You with the red hair. Bring me a beer, will you? They even got men riding the range looking for. They'll find her. That's what worries me. Now I mean, I could have found her without all this help. No doubt about it, Harry. Don't know how she did it but somehow she got out of town. If she did, there's nothing but miles of bad water and coyotes. I got it! I know where she is! Didn't you boys tell me you had a campsite a few miles out? And you think she's out there? Where you boys are concerned, I believe nothing I don't see and only half of what I do see. Now, you mind if I take a look around? Check out our camp, you're welcome to. What are you up to now? I'm just trying to keep you happy. As a matter of fact, Harry, I'll tell you what. We'll go with you, if that's what'll make you happy. Now, that sounds like the boys I know. It sounds like two poker players who can't stand watching bad players losing to each other. Hey, Jim. About time you gettin' back. What's the matter with him? He's detective, Jim. All detectives act that way. Satisfied? Yeah. Yeah, I'm satisfied. Just what are you two fellas up to anyway? It's all cows out there and no steer the bunch. Every one of those little ladies has been bred to a prized Brahma down in Arizona. We're getting $400 just see they get home safe. If I hadn't seen that, I wouldn't believe it. Well, you've seen it. Now if you want to join us for supper, you're welcome. No thanks. I'll... I'll pick up something back in town. I'm...I'm real sorry I didn't trust you boys the way I should have. No, offense intended. Sure, Harry. Good luck. Thanks sure good seeing you again. Good to seeing you. So long, Harry. Harry Briscoe. You make these beans? I'll make. I make the best beans around. Yeah? You should taste your coffee. It ain't bad, too. Hey Mr. Smith! Mr. Smith! I've been hearing strange sounds coming out this wagon all morning. You better check the cargo. All right. Have I got a surprise for you! Oh, no! Shall we ask questions or are you gonna tell us what's going on? Well, I'll tell you. I'm not really Sister Isabel. Not even a nun. My name's Molly Cusack. How did you get into our camp? Well, last night after they gave up the search, I slipped into the back of a buckboard headed this way. I jumped out about a mile from your camp and sneaked in. I better make camp here when you stay here talking. I know, my behavior may seem...strange to you. But if he knew the terrible danger I'm in, you'd understand. He's an awful man, really! A drunken beast! He beat me! That's why I had to get away from him. Oh, I never wanted to marry him in the first place. Wait a minute. This man, is this the one we met in town? The dark suit, his eyes a little too close together? That's right. That's him. And you were married to him? What's his name? He could be using any name. In addition to what I've told you, he's a terrible liar. Otherwise I'd never married him. His name? Bodine, George Bodine. He's a bookkeeper. An ordinary bookkeeper. Before we were married he told me he was an investment banker. How do you like that? Molly, we have something to tell you. Sit down. Sit down a minute. Over there. Now first of all - the story's not bad. It's not bad at all. There's only one reason why we don't believe it. Why not? It's the truth. Yeah, Molly. We'd absolutely believe it except for one thing. Well, I don't care what that man told you. He's the world's greatest liar. He could fool anyone! He has a lot of bad habits, but...there's only one thing wrong. We've known him a long, long time. You have? His name isn't George Bodine. It's not? It's Harry Briscoe. And Harry is not the world's greatest at anything. Not even lying. You want to know the truth? The truth is you were a typewriter working in a bank in Independence, Missouri, and you stole $30,000. And Harry is an agent for the Bannerman Detective Agency, and now he's looking for you. Right? Wrong! Wrong? Wrong! I was a typewriter working in the bank. And Harry Briscoe comes along and starts taking me out to supper and soft-soaping me and telling me stories! And finally, he told me why. He needed a partner - me - to help him steal a fortune from my employers. Harry Briscoe planned a bank robbery? Well, he finally made me see how easy it would be for me to do it. So, I did it. I stole $30,000. But by that time, I began to realize what a terrible man he was. So, I hid the money and ran away. Why didn't you just give the money back? Because I decided I wanted the 30,000 for myself. Now, is that truth enough for you? There's only one thing I've been trying to figure out all evening I don't understand. What? How you could convince Sister Julia that you're really a nun. What's hard about that? I was born a Catholic. My parents came from Kilkenny. My sister is a nun. As a matter of fact, it was her habit I took when I ran away. Your sister's a nun? And Harry managed to convince you to steal $30,000? He didn't meet much resistance. The Cusacks have a lot of gettin' even to do. Getting even? It's an old saying of my father's. For a lot of years all we could do was get mad. I don't understand. That's because you're not Irish. I am Irish! Jones is Irish? Well, my grandparents... they came from Londonderry. Londonderry! That's Ulster! What do you mean? They came from Ireland. They're from Ulster! They're the Orangemen, they ran so quick to drop the o's and the mac's form their names when they came to America - so they'd be considered proper Englishman It's not them that's meant when they say, 'No Irish need apply'. It's them that makes it hardest on the Irish. Do you know, either of you, what it's like to be truly Irish in this country? It means you stand quiet and know your place. When they tell you your father died of the drink, you don't tell them it was from hunger or shame. They take what you're given even when it means watching your little brother starve to death when you're 15 years old. That's why I grew up angry. Yeah. Maybe a little too angry though, Molly. That's what my father used to say. Even as he lays sick in his last week he said: 'you're too angry, Molly.' 'There's an old saying in Kilkenny,' he says 'Don't get mad - get even.' And that's what I did. You're aren't sorry about it, are you? I don't know. I haven't had time to think about it. Well, stealing money's more than getting even, Molly, it's getting in a mess of trouble, too. What, my friend is saying is that we found out that it didn't work There are easier ways of getting even if that's what you really want to do. Molly, you know we're gonna have to turn you in when we get to Kettledrum. Why do you think I came back here? I thought, of all the people in the world I could trust it would be you two! You're not law men, you're not obligated to turn me in! Yes, we are. Everyone back there knows that we brought you into town. We can't afford to be connected with... a bank thief. Why not? You didn't steal the money! It's a long story, Molly. But believe me, we gotta turn you in, because we can't afford to be connected in any way or even suspected of being connected in any way with a theft from a bank. We're gonna have to turn you in. I can't believe it! You're absolutely spineless sponges! You are real Orangemen...both of you! His grandparents came from Londonderry. What's your excuse? Mine came from England. Fellows, the money's hidden, not too far from here. I split it with you! It's a real temptation. You just can't afford that either. Smith and Jones... And you were saying how you tried and it didn't work. I think, I'm beginning to understand. You're thieves yourselves! And maybe ex-thieves, Molly. Then again, maybe not. Any case, we're gonna have to turn you in to the first sheriff we come to. Got no choice. Sorry. How'd it be just my luck to fall in with a couple of reformed thieves. They're the worst kind. You know I think she may be right. Come one! All of you up on your feet! So, she was really telling the truth. It was you after all, Harry. You never did go back to the Bannerman Detective Agency, did you? Come on, let's get on with this! Harry, you just could never do anything right, could you? Now, I did one thing right. I figured you boys had to be up to something... I just couldn't get it out of my mind. So, I decided to follow you. And was I right? We're wasting time! Are you gonna tie them up or do I shoot him? No! Here Molly, tie 'em up. Tie them up? I'm the one that's tied up. You do it. If one of them moves I'll be happy to blow his head off Hands around your back. He's another mistake, Harry. Why are you doing this, Harry? Get my money back. Harry, she left your money back in Independence. You said the money was right here! It's here somewhere. They got it always somewhere. If she's got it on her I'll find it. Here, hold this. Keep away from me! Now, come on! Now, take it easy, Sam. Harry! Here is some place. It ain't gonna work, Harry. It's working just fine. Now Molly, if you hadn't double-crossed me everything had worked out just the way I had it planned. What about him? Was he part of your plan? Well, I figured I might need a little help against you two. Figuring is not one of your strong points, Harry. We just couldn't leave 'em here like this, huh? That's right. We're doing it my way. It'll take them at least an hour to get untied from those thongs. Then we'll be long gone. Thanks, boys and so long. And...thank you...Sister. Another mistake. What's that? Harry was wrong with the thongs for about 40 minutes. You're not gonna leave me like this. Now, come on, Jones. You've got to untie me! You can't leave me! It's Smith, sweetheart! Keep an eye on her. She might be the only ticket out of this mess. I will! Come on, fellas! Untie me! Oh, please untie me, fellas. I think it's coming from over there somewhere, don't you? It's not only coming from over there, I think I know what it is. Help! Who is it? Am I...am I glad to see you, fellas! Really, Harry? I don't know whether you have reason to be. Come on, cut me loose. You'll never believe what that scoundrel did to me. Try us. Well, I offered him his full 25% just like I promised and didn't he hit me over the head and take all of it? Harry, can't you do anything right? Did you get his name, Harry? Sam, that's all. But I know where he went. He tried to fool me by heading south. Then I heard him double back west over that ridge. Let's go! Hey, what about me? Don't worry Harry we'll be back for you. You can't just leave me here! Cut me loose! I got terrible claustrophobia! Boys! Boys! He's in there. How can you be so sure he's in there, huh? 'Cause he's smart. He knows he can't get to the border on a dead horse. He'll just lay low let the horse rest up and feed him and then he'll make his break. Heyes, something's wrong with your logic. He's in there, we're gonna catch him. He's smart? Shut up! All right now, Sam, we know you're in there. Come out with your hands up and we'll hold our fire. Maybe he isn't so smart. What happened to him, Heyes? I don't know. I didn't hit him. How is he? Maybe he broke his neck when he hit the ground. He's dead... Oh, I thought you boys would never get here. The sun is killing me! Fellas, I've been doing some deep thinking. Oh, don't! Harry, you'll just get yourself in more trouble. Oh, no, I'm serious. I discovered something. There's one thing I'm not and never could be. And that's a crook. Harry, you're off to a good start. A detective, yes. A crook, no. Like a lot of people, you're finding out a little late, Harry. With a small favor from you two, I can make amends. Small favor? Would be no skin off your nose and it'll be a truly noble gesture. Harry, you know we never take a chance on anything noble. But it'd be my salvation. So it's $30,000. Again. Again. Again. Yeah, come on hit me. Me again. Seventeen. Dealer stands. Sixteen, you win. Sixteen!? Can I talk to you a minute, boys? In private. As long as I got my hands on the money you can talk as long as you want. I think you boys ought to tell me honestly what you mean to do. It's very simple, Harry. We're gonna turn you and Molly in. Boys, you can't do that! I'm one of the few people who know you're... Kid Curry and Hannibal Heyes. What makes you think you can turn me over to some sheriff? We can't. We know that. No, Jim, over there he's not wanted for anything. He can turn you in to the sheriff. He can even collect the reward if there is any. But there isn't one. Boys, you have a glorious opportunity, because I've really reformed. I truly understand, now. I could never make it as a crook. But if - if I could return that money, my record's clean. I never really didn't much of anything anyway - except take money from a girl who stole it. Sorry, Harry, it's too complicated. You're forgetting the matter of one Molly Cusack. Let her go. Truly a noble act. Two of them. Uh-huh. Then we'd be left holding the noble bag. No, Harry, it's out of the question. Boys... didn't somebody help you once? Did you ever think how good it would be to have a really grateful friend in the Bannerman organization? Hey, stop! Stop! Jim, I told you to watch her! I got into nodding and... and next thing I know, she's on one of the animals and took off. I could've shot her off that horse, but I can't shoot no woman. Now, it sure eliminates one of your problems, huh, boys? Well, I still say you boys should let me return that money personally to Mr. Bannerman. It'd mean a lot more to him. And a lot more to me if I see you turn it in to the sheriff You can take it over and deposit it, see that it's transferred. Now, boys, I know that money you got for delivering those cattle is burning a hole in your pockets. Come on over, have a beer, I'll take care of this. Our way, Harry. Your way is my way. Just wanted you to know my heart's in the right place. You know, I just had a terrible thought. It could be in there with that sheriff right now, saying 'Sheriff, I'm Harry Briscoe of the Bannerman Detective Agency. I got Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry right outside the office and I'm turning them in for the reward.' I know. I know. But I don't think it's gonna happen that way. I think Harry's telling the truth - otherwise I wouldn't be standing here. Sheriff, one thing they learn fast. You don't push around anybody named Harry Briscoe, Bannerman men. We have all the authority. We do what's the right thing, you know? Or he could have said 'Sheriff, I got $30,000 in my saddlebag I'd like your protection to go over the bank and deposit it.' I know. I thought of that, too. You trust him. I do. I do. I... I think that... Well, I think Harry's seen his shortcomings and faced up to 'em. Sheriff, much obliged. Oh Harry, don't keep us in suspense. What did you really tell him? You'll see? And now to something that's really important. 'Dear Mr. Bannerman: Have just recovered $30,000 for your client, Farmers Bank of Independence. Deposited same in Kettledrum Bank for transfer by authority of local sheriff. Suggest you reconsider my application for re-admission. Sincerely, Harry Briscoe. Or 'Kindest regards.'? Well, Harry, sure we're right. Bannerman was very, very grateful. As I am to you, boys. Never fear. And you're sure you're going straight now, Harry? Do you think I could ever do anything crooked again? I'll be at the saloon. Thank you. Goodbye! Thank you. Sister Julia! Why, Joshua! Thaddeus! What a pleasant surprise. Sister! What are you doing here? Well, we delivered our cattle this morning. And we thought we'd come into town and try to sell the wagon. It's nice to see you. Oh, it's wonderful to see you, Sister. You know, we never did find Sister Isabel. It's one of the great mysteries of my life. Well...I'll tell you, Sister... it's not gonna be a mystery any longer 'cause, we're gonna tell you what happened. She was an imposter. She stole some money and she was on the run. She had some kind of idea that the world had mistreated her and she was, in her words, trying to get even. You know, I got to know Sister Isabel rather well, and I find that very difficult to believe. But...if you boys say it's true, I... I must believe it. Sister, we haven't sold our chuckwagon yet. So, if you'll let us, we'd love to give you a ride on to the convent...free of charge. To tell the truth, I knew I had that ride the moment I saw you. Hold it, boys. Come on. Here you are, Sister. Safe and sound. Thank you, boys, for all your help. You'll be in my prayers. Thank you, Sister. Bye-bye, Sister. Good-bye. You look surprised. You shouldn't be. Giddy-up, here. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 