Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 20 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e20 - Which Way to the O.K. Corral? - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 20 - Which Way to the O.K. Corral? - full transcript 
 To stop the MacCreedy-Armindariz feud from coming to a rope's end, Heyes and Curry ride to the aid of their former employer Patrick "Big Mac" MacCreedy, who is accused of murdering the foreman of his across-the-Rio-Grande neighbor Armindariz's ranch. In fact, MacCreedy only witnessed the shooting and has no idea who the killer is (viewers don't either; the killer is never revealed). While hurrying to help the dying man, MacCreedy saw a neer-do-well drifter (Neville Brand) swipe the man's rifle and take off with it. Heyes and Curry find that the drifter has gone to Tombstone, Arizona -- home to Wyatt Earp and Doc Holliday, who both play major roles in the story. They acquire a warrant for the drifter's arrest as a material witness, but it's not an extradition warrant. Thus they need to lure or trick the drifter back to Texas. To do so, they ask a lady friend named Georgette Sinclair who is what would later be called a nightclub singer, meeting her in Tombstone and letting her "woo" the drifter while they watch and play poker. The idea is to get the drifter to fall in love with the singer, agree to go to Colorado with her -- stopping for half a minute in Texas along the way. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You're hurt pretty bad. I'll go get the wagon and a doctor. Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two Kansas cousins very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. One thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Lom, are you saying that all we've got to do is stay out of trouble until the governor figures that we deserve amnesty? And in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. Dark-brown hair, scar on his right cheek, about six feet. Morton. Morton? Well, that's what he said his name was. Came through here last Tuesday. Bought a ticket for Tombstone. You don't remember seeing a rifle, do you? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 A real fancy rifle? I sure do. I've never seen such a handsome rifle as he carried. Had a lot of hand-carved curlicues on the stock. Real handsome thing. We're going to tombstone? We can be there tomorrow. Heyes, you know who's the law down there? He don't know us. But our descriptions are hanging on his office wall. Are you want a man like him, wondering who we are? Kid, reputations are like shadows. They're usually a whole lot taller than the men they belong to. Five years from now there won't be two people in the whole country even remember that marshal a tombstone. What kind of a name is that, anyway? Earp. You two made up your minds? We got a schedule to keep. Tombstone. Two. One way? It wouldn't surprise me. Yeah, I still say...sshhhh... We'll be in and out of Tombstone in no time at all. Chances of anybody knowing us down there a thousand to one. George! Kid! Heyes! Thousand-to-one, huh? That's one! Farah was alone in Denver not accomplishing a thing. So, I decided to do something with my life. In Tombstone? It's kind of a wide-open town, George. I'm going to work at the Birdcage Saloon. Uh, George you know how most saloon girls end up? Fellas I'm not going to Tombstone to become a...a saloon girl. I'm going to become a chanteuse. A what? I don't know, but it don't sound good. I'm beginning to get a funny feeling. Is it my welfare you two are all worked up about or your own? Well, we are... That's what I thought. Fellas, if Wyatt Earp is such a big word to you, then why are you heading right into his front yard? Got no choice. We're doing it for a good friend. What you mean is he's paying you well. Remember we told you about Big Mac McCreedy. See, he's having this feud with a man named Armendariz. Last week he found Armendariz's foreman with a bullet in him. And that's Big Macs problem? A lot of people think Big Mac did the shooting. And now we're tracking a drifter that showed up in Holbrook sporting a rifle, like the one Big Mac saw. Look, this is two against one and you're Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry. I think your man is just as good as in the bag. Georgette, it's three against one that could give us trouble. Who's the third? Georgette Sinclair. if you just stay off our side, we've got a chance. No offense. Certainly not. And I want to wish you all the luck in the world. Now, if you two will just excuse me. Oh, if I don't see you before you leave Tombstone - goodbye. Now, George, I hope you won't go away angry. Angry? Who's angry? Whatever your fears are, gentlemen, just put them at ease. For the duration of your stay in Tombstone. I don't know you and you don't know me. You don't think we were too rough on her, do you? With Wyatt Earp here we can't afford to make any mistakes, or have George make any for us With a little luck, we won't bump into him the whole time we're here. Mind if I ask you where you're going? Just started looking for the man we're looking for. Going anywhere in particular? No, why? The marshal's office is that way. Mr. Clifford? Yeah? I'm George Sinclair. I don't hear any bells. Bells? Look, miss, I'm a very busy man. If you're looking for a job, I have all the girls I need, and besides you're a little on the skimpy side anyway. Mr. Clifford. Is there something else? Yes, my audition. What audition? The one you mentioned in your letter. What letter? Does the name Homer Gentry ring any of those bells you were talking about? Oh, Homer Gentry knows talent, like my bartender knows music. Oh, your bartenders the musician? He's not even a good bartender. Mr. Clifford, I am willing to prove myself just as your letter suggested. All right, you got your audition. Tonight 8:00 sharp, but if you're bad you leave with no tears and no goodbyes, understood? Oh, Mr. Clifford, you're a dear and you won't be sorry. I don't know why I'm so soft-hearted. Well, Mr. Gentry says it's basically because you're a good man underneath it all. Underneath all what? Daddy didn't say. You know, Heyes, must be something wrong with our luck. We've been walking the streets for two days we have run into Morten yet. Kid, our Luck's holding fine. We've been here two whole days without so much as a glimpse of Wyatt Earp. Afternoon, gents. Afternoon, Marshall. I still say, we ride out of here. We're never gonna find Morten. All Earp said was 'afternoon, gents'. Yeah, but what did he mean? Heyes, oh, Heyes. What is it, George? What's happened? It's awful. George, we told you a saloon is no place... Not the saloon, a man... He told me to leave Tombstone, Heyes. Kid, you've got to help me. All right, now George, all right. Just start from the beginning and tell us what happened. When I got back to my hotel room I started to get undressed, and this man knocked on the door, and said he had to talk to me. Well, when I... when I wouldn't take the chain off the door, he just stuck his hand in with a badge in it. A badge? Deputy marshal it said, so I let him in. That's when he said I should be on the 3 o?clock stage tomorrow, or else Or else what? Or else I'd be killed. Now George, if I were you, I'd march right over to the marshal's office. You're right, that's what we should do. We? Will you? You don't expect me to go there alone, do you? Well now, George, you're not asking us to go over to marshal Wyatt Earp's office? Oh, no. There are wanted posters on his walls. Ours! This is blackmail, George, and you know that! I hate the word blackmail. You like extortion any better? Marshall, if you're busy we'll come back. We certainly will not. Marshall Earp, my life's been threatened by one of your deputies. One of my deputies threatened you? Yes, sir. He was big and he had dark hair and a badge. Well, they're all big. I pick him that way. They all happen to be dark, except from Joe there. Well it wasn't Joe, but it it was one of your deputies. All right, Joe. Round-up the others. I may have to wake up Bart. Wake him up. Let's get it over with. Now, what's the connection? You are friend of this lady? We just met her on the stage coming in, Marshal. Now then, miss Sinclair Sinclair. Did you ever see my deputy before? No, sir. I wonder why would he threaten you? He didn't say. What did he say? He said, I should be on the 3 o?clock stage tomorrow or I'd be killed. You want to see us, Marshal? Morning, boys. Well, ma'am, you want it closer look? No, sir, it wasn't either one of these men. You're sure? Yes, sir. Back to work, boys. Well, ma'am, I've only got one deputy left, and he's been on duty for 20 hours straight, so I gotta figure he's been sleeping. And then ain't the only part of your story that I... Story!? Are you suggesting I'm lying? Well, ma'am, I'm thinking about it. That's him. That's the man. What's she talking about? Well, Bart, this here lady says that you ordered her to leave Tombstone on 3 o?clock stage tomorrow. Well, lady, how can you say a thing like that? I had never seen you before. Now, Bart, back to bed. See you in the morning. Now, just a minute! Say Marshall, there ain't no 3 o'clock stage. I know, Bart. I know. I don't care if the stage comes and goes at midnight, he's lying! I don't know why, but he is! Now, you two, Did you hear my deputy threatened this lady? No, sir, we didn't. But we can vouch for the lady's word. Yet you just met her on her on a stage. That's true, but well, we pride ourselves in being good judges of character. So am I, Mr. Jones. and a pro quo of that. Since you bring it up, just what are you and your friend here doing in Tombstone? I brought that up? We're looking for somebody. That's a Texas subpoena. Ain't no good in Arizona Territory. I suppose you know that. We know. But we're hoping he don't know that. You two seem familiar to me. You're lawmen? Oh, yeah. Oh, we were, but...uh... we quit. For reasons of health, Marshall. You're lucky. You're, lucky that you didn't lie at me. Now, I know you've been going through this town, nosing around looking for this man. But I don't like... I don't like bounty hunters, with or without papers, but I won't bother you. Just so long as you don't do something that might include kidnapping local visitors or getting publicity for your lady friend. You do understand, what I'm talking about. We understand. I understand pretty well. I don't! Come on, George. And I want to know what's gonna be said about this. I need protection. Goodbye, Sheriff. We sure do appreaciate all you help. He didn't believe a word I said. We sure made our presence known in this town, which is exactly what we cannot afford to do! We are talking about my life! That deputy said, I was gonna be killed, and I believe him! Maybe you ought to do like he said. Not until after my audition and not then if I get the job. If the threat was serious and your life is endangered is a job worth that? It is worth it. Nothing is gonna happen to me. And just what makes you so sure of that? I have Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry to protect me. Cost you 100, gentlemen. Nope. No. I'll see it. I'm in. I'm out. Pass. Me, too. Jacks and eights. Three sevens. Seems you can't lose, man. Does seem that way, no matter who's dealing. Say, about that fella I was telling you about, he carries a rifle with the prettiest hand carving on it, you've ever seen. I do recall a man who answers your friend's description. What do you want him for? Well now, who said I wanted him? Wouldn't matter, I couldn't tell you where to find him. You might ask the doctor. The doc? I guess, it's about time we introduced ourselves. Appears we may be playing for quite a spell. Holliday's the name. You can call me Doc. Hey, don't go any closer, one of them boys is liable to take a shot at ya. I pass. Put me in. I'm out. Cartwright, card? One. Three. Doc? One. I'm out. Pass. I'll take two. 200. Let's make that 400. Call. Too rich for me. I'll see it. Aces four. Take a break, gentlemen. Stretch your legs. Thank you, gentlemen. Heyes, I thought you said you wanted to get out of this game quick. Come on, we got work to do. I am working and we struck it rich. I don't know where Doc Holliday gets his reputation as a poker player, because he sure treats the laws of probability like they were only meant for the common people. What's the matter? For a second there I thought I heard you say you were playing poker with Doc Holliday. I did. Heyes, are you out of your mind!? Now, you've heard about Doc Holliday. He's a killer! And he's crazy to boot. Now, Kid, talks always getting out of hand. We've heard loads of things about you and me, and most of them are not true. Just take it from me. We're gonna leave Tombstone a whole lot poorer than we found it. All right. What about George? Now, she's having her debut as a singer in Tombstone tonight, and she expects us to be there. In the time it takes me to go over there and listen to George, I can win us another thousand dollars. Thousand? Yeah! Heyes, you stay right here, I'll take care of George and Sam Bacon. Ladies. Gentlemen. The Birdcage is known far and wide for having presented the finest luminaries to try to stage in these United States and the Territory of Arizona. And tonight, following the illustrious footsteps of Eddie Foy, Mademoiselle Modest and George Primrose, I give you that chanteuse from Denver, Colorado - Miss Georgette Sinclair. Love was once a little boy Heigho! Heigho! When with him 'twas such a joy, Heigho! Heigho! Then he was so innocent, Not a thought on mischief bent Stayed a while and homeward went Heigho! Heigho! Right over here, honey, over here. Love is now a grown, grown man Heigho! Heigho! Enjoying all the things he can Heigho! Heigho! Love to him is one big gamble Never pays, but tries a little sample Lose a few there's always ample Heigho! Heigho! Love they say is growing old Heigho! Heigho! Like a flame that's growing cold Heigho! Heigho! Girls he never gave a care How he'd love to have his share Now they pass and leave him there Heigho! Heigho! Where's rifle? Rifle? I don't own no rifle. Sit down. Why? Because I'm gonna tell you a little story, and I want you to be comfortable. Sit down. Friend of mine by the name of Big Mac McCready's been accused of murder. I think you can help him, Sam. Subpoena. Take you back with me. Well now, this ain't good, not here in Arizona. And if you try to take me back by force, my testimony will be invalid. And they'll have you up on charges of kidnapping and assault. How do you know all that, Sam? Run to a lawyer when you found out we were here looking for you? Are you planning on blackmailing McCreedy? I've said all, I'm going to say. Cards, gentlemen? Two. Doc? One. Your bet, Doc? 00:25:22,969 --> 00:25:24,384 00:25:25,146 --> 00:25:28,057 And, Doc, seeing as how you've only got 500 left, just bump it. 00:25:36,964 --> 00:25:37,964 Call. Ten high Straight. Gents, you're gonna take a break. Doc and I have some official business. Sure. Yes, sir. Kid, playing poker with Doc Holliday is like having a license to steal. Well, I'm glad things are going good for you, Heyes, because we're not doing so well with Sam Bacon. You found him? Oh, yeah, I found him, but not the rifle. I showed him the subpoena, and he showed me the door. I think he's planning on holding Big Mac up. For the rifle and his testimony. What makes you think that? He went to the trouble to talk to a lawyer and now he's just sitting around. So, I figure he's planning on blackmailing Big Mac. And he's probably got a pretty good sum in mind. Heyes, oh, Heyes. You again? That's right, it's me again. What now? I've been robbed. Miss Sinclair, can't you see I'm in the middle of my supper? Well, it'll just have to wait. Every bit of wardrobe I own in the world is gone. Stolen. I demand you, do your duty. All right, just hold it! All right, you're welcome in this town is hanging just by a single thread, you know that, don't you? Joe! Right there in that armoire. That's where I had every piece of clothing to my name. But now they're all... It was stone-empty. They were gone. Were they now? I said they were. I know what you said, Miss Sinclair. And I know what you said last time, too. So does half the town. You got the publicity you wanted at the expense of the marshal's office. That what you think? You bet, it's what I think. And I'll tell you what I also think: You wasn't satisfied with half the town talking about you, you wanted the other half. Well, Miss Sinclair, the next time you pull a stunt like this one, I'm gonna lock you up. Joe! And I just might put your friends in jail as well, is that clear? Oh, I sure do understand, what you're saying, Marshall. Me, too, Marshal. We know you're just doing your... job. Deputy. What do you want? Talk. We've got nothing to talk about. I think we do. I'm real sorry you did that. All I wanted was a nice little, peaceable talk about Georgette Sinclair. Now, what's going on and why? There ain't nothing going on. She's a liar. It's all for publicity, just like the marshal said. If she says you threatened her. I believe her. 'Cause I've known her a long time and she's not a liar. But you're sure trying to make her look like one. Oh. So, you've known her a long time, huh? Well, that's not what you told the marshal. He'll be real interested to know that you lied to him, because he thinks somebody is trying to make a fool out of him. And he's getting real sore. Nice to run into you, friend. I hope you're not given to shooting people in the back. And now ladies and gentlemen... I can't. I can't do it. I mean, I'm still sort of on trial here. I have to sing to everybody. George, if you want any help with what's happening to you, you're gonna have to give us a little help too, now that's the deal. Now, what's it gonna be? All right, I'll do what I can. But I won't be easy. Miss Georgette Sinclair! My sweetheart's the man in the moon I'm going to marry him soon 't would fill me with bliss Just to give him one kiss But I know that a dozen I never would miss. I'll go up in a great big balloon And see my sweetheart in the moon Then behind some dark cloud Where there's no one allowed I'll make love to the man in the moon Last night while the stars brightly shone He told me that I'd be his own That when we were wed He'd go early to bed And never stay out with the boys So he said We are going to marry next June The wedding takes place in the moon A sweet little Venus We?ll fondle between us When I wed my old man in the moon. When I wed my old man in the moon. I swear, I've never met such a quiet man all my life. I bet you haven't said two words to me since we left the Birdcage. Well, tell you the truth, Miss Sinclair, I... I didn't know what to say. Is something wrong? Nothing. Well, I guess it's just my misfortune to need a man like you, and I know it can never work out. What can't? I'll be leaving Tombstone in a few days and that'll be the end of it. The end of what? Of you and me, of course. You and me? You mean... you and me? Oh Sam, when I meet a man I really like, I... can't help but show it and... it just seems a shame that I'll be going before we really... get a chance to really know each other. Well, good night, Sam. Oh, Miss Sinclair. Call me George. Huh? It's short for Georgette. Oh, well then... well, Georgette which way would you be heading when you leave Tombstone. North to Denver. Why? Just wondered. Good night, George. Good night, Sam. I've gotta talk and you're gonna listen. And this time you better take me seriously. $15,000 Kid! We can live high and lay low on this for a long time. Heyes, oh, Heyes, it was him again. And this time he means it. He's gonna kill me, if I don't go. And I believe him. It was Bart Russell again? Yes, and I'm leaving tomorrow. George, you cannot leave until we can get Sam on that stagecoach with you. Now, he's right, George. Wait a minute! Just wait a minute, it's not your life, but my life threatened... All right, just calm down, would you? There's got to be an answer to all this, we'll help you find it. Well, you find it before 11 o'clock tomorrow morning, that's when the stage pulls out. With me on it. Will and Emma McIntyre? I've never heard of them. Look, George, you can't leave. Not yet. Not without Sam Bacon. I checked and there's an 11 o'clock stage and I'm gonna be on it. That's it, that's final. Look, George, you're the only hope that we've got. Then you're in a lot of trouble. All right, George, just give me one more day. I'll stay with you from now until that stage leaves tomorrow. Whatever trouble you're having, we'll get to the bottom of it. How? Well, your deputy friend Bart visited some folks named McIntyre, stayed there over an hour and when he got back to town, he deposited $1,000 in the bank. Yes? I'd like to speak to Mr. McIntyre. It's kind of important. I'm Will McIntyre. What's the matter, Will? Now, it's nothing to worry about, dear. Well, I'm not so sure about that. It depends on what kind of dealings you folks have been having with deputy Bart Russell. I don't know what you're talking about. I know Bart Russell, but I certainly have had no dealings with him now or anytime in the past. Oh now, Mr. McIntyre, I don't believe you're telling me the truth. No sir, I believe he's doing a job for you. And a dirty one. I'm afraid I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. Will... Everyone in Denver thinks you and Mrs. Cummings are dead. They worked in the express office. It was robbed and everyone thought they were taken hostage and killed. Georgette, listen, there is an explanation for this. You can make your explanation to the marshal. I wouldn't do that if I were you, Mr. Cummings. And don't bother calling your hands, 'cause my friends out there just keeping an eye on 'em. Come in. Oh, Sam. Hello, I heard you was asking for me. Yes, Sam. I just wanted to make sure I'd I'd see you before I left. When is that? I've decided this is my last night. I don't like Tombstone. I'm sure sorry to hear that. Things can only get more complicated from here on out. Complicated? What do you mean, complicated? I form attachment Sam, something a girl just can't afford to do in the theater. But I can't help it. Strong, quiet men do that to me. Well, I... sure wish I could go with you. But my plans don't allow me to budge out a tombstone for a while. Well, I'm going to miss you... very, very much. Georgette, do you have to go through Texas to get to Denver? Texas? Why? I'd feel the same way about Texas as you do about Tombstone. Well, the stagecoach to Denver goes north through New Mexico and right on into Colorado. You don't go into Texas? No, ask the driver, he'll tell you. Georgette, I'm gonna go with you! Oh, Sam. George, I could kiss you! Oh, don't put yourself out. Say, are you sure he wasn't suspicious? Of course, not the stage doesn't go into Texas. Can't be George, she's here. Come in, deputies. Smith, Jones, Marshal Earp wants to see you in his office. Coffee? No, no nothing. No thanks. Terrible stuff. Well, I'm feeling kind of kind of kindly disposed to you fellas 'cause well, if it hadn't been for you, I wouldn't have them 3 criminals in my jail here. So, I'm gonna tell you something. Ain't no secret. Doc Holliday and I well, we're friends. Yes sir, I have a deep personal affection for old Doc. Whether you know it or not some folk don some don't. Doc is dying. Yeah. Dying. When he goes, I am gonna feel a deep, deep loss. But before that, I aim to see that he gets the most out of his days. Now, Mr. Smith, before you pulled in to Tombstone Doc Holliday was the best poker player in the territory. But you got to him and everybody knows it. It's been in the morning paper. Pretty soon it'll be all over the country. Now, I can't and I won't let it end up that way for Doc. Now, while it appears that I don't do nothing much around here, except drink lousy coffee, I well, I do keep stock and take stock of what's happening in Tombstone. Like uh, well, it's come to my attention we got a couple of interesting strangers here. Now, one of 'em he out draw a deputy of mine. And the other is so good at poker, that he makes old Doc Holliday look like an amateur so, natural like, that, that got me to thinking. Seems to me that this combination has some special meaning. Now, iffen I was right, them two fellas could mean as much as $10,000 apiece to an enterprising lawman. But on the other hand that wouldn't be much room for a good man to save face in front of all his friends. Well, just what are you getting at? What I'm getting at, Mr. Smith, tonight, you are gonna play one more game a poker with my friend Doc Holliday and you are gonna lose. You're gonna drop the full $20,000 that you won, right out there in front, where everybody sees you do it! And then, well, then you're gonna leave Tombstone. The both of you. And I think when you look back on your visit, you'll still be able to say with some satisfaction that Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry come up against Marshal Earp and somehow managed to come out a head. That's all. Adios. Smith? Two. Doc? One. Cherokee? Pass. It's up to you, Smith. 1,000 5,000 in the pot, Mr. Smith. Make it 10. Let's make it 15. How much they got in front of you, Mr. Smith? Another 5. That's the raise. Back it's you. Call. Ace high diamond flush. You showed him, Doc! You really took him. What's the matter? Just wanted to make sure this coach was headed the right direction. North, and it is. What's going on? Why we're stopping? Stretch your legs and get out passengers. Get out passengers? We're in the middle of nowhere! Sam Bacon? Yeah. I have a subpoena for you to appear in the town of Red Rock. Hey, wait a minute, hold on. This is a Texas subpoena. It ain't no good New Mexico. Well now, you left New Mexico about a minute ago. You're now first in the northwest corner of a Texas. On another minute this stage we're moving again out of Texas and head north to Denver, but you are at the moment in Texas. Sheriff. There's no rifle up here. Well, Mr. Hawkins, it's up to you. That's the man, Sheriff, the one I saw with a fancy rifle the day after the shooting. And I'll swear to that in a court of law. That's all we need. Come along, Mr. Bacon. On board to Denver. Believe he means us. Georgette. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 