Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 19 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e19 - The Biggest Game in the West - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 19 - The Biggest Game in the West - full transcript 
 On a lazy Sunday afternoon, Curry and Heyes (now played by Roger Davis) relax in a gully when a satchel of money literally lands in their laps, thrown from a passing carriage. Heyes opens it and finds $200,000 -- every bill of it a bad counterfeit. Heyes thinks it over for a few seconds and then comes up with a brilliant plan. After shaving off his mustache (Roger Davis had one in real life; after the first day of filming, Universal executives told Davis the mustache looked "sinister" and Roy Huggins wrote the comment into a scene where Heyes shaves), Joshua Smith goes to a bank and asks to put the satchel in a safety-deposit box for the time being. He and Thaddeus Jones are wealthy land buyers, he says, and he wants people to know he has enough money to buy his way into anything. That includes a famous weekly poker game where all the big ranchers join once a week. The banker spreads the word, and Smith is quickly invited to the game, where he soon wins $35,000. But that's when two members of the Devil's Hole Gang (Kyle McMurtry and a masked, non-speaking extra filling in as Wheat Carlson) raid the game and clear the table. That's bad enough, but the banker has also looked inside the safe deposit box and found the money. He threatens to denounce Smith and Jones to the ranchers, and meanwhile the local sheriff has picked up on the name "Wheat" and is looking for the other members of the Devil's Hole Gang, which of course include Heyes and Curry. Our heroes' only chance is for Curry to ride ninety to nothing to Devil's Hole and get the other ranchers' share -- which also equals $200,000 -- back while leaving them the amount Heyes won before the robbery. Then Heyes opens the banker's safe, takes out the counterfeit money and replaces it with the real stuff, which a U.S. Treasury agent verifies. As soon as the Treasury agent leaves, Heyes rushes the $200,000 back to the poker table (minus a $100 bill he dropped and stuck in his pocket), sticks the bad money in the Treasury agent's satchel, and hightails it with Curry to a freight train just before the sheriff figures things out. About two-thirds of this episode was re-shot over four and a half days of filming to replace Pete Deuel's scenes (Davis had to exactly mimic him); a few new scenes include the opening titles and a still picture of Smith and Jones getting off a stagecoach. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You know what, Heyes, to open a safe the way you try to open that one is an art, like playing a piano, to play a piano well you gotta practice, you gotta keep your hand in there. I think you've lost your touch. I think you can't open it. You keep talking you'll be right. Shut up and I'll have this thing open. It's like I was slicing a piece of cake. Like slicing a cake... Heyes, you're a genius! If it wasn't so quiet out there I'd applaud. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two Kansas cousins very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. One thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. Lom, are you saying that all we've got to do is stay out of trouble until the governor figures that we deserve amnesty? And in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. Oh, this is a real Kansas day, isn't it? Yeah... where are we? Texas? Probably. Or New Mexico. Who cares? It's so beautiful and peaceful I wouldn't care if we ran into the Wyom... It's still a beautiful peaceful day... I suppose it just fell off? It was thrown off! You know, Kid, as a recognized authority on the subject, I'd say that's a posse. I can tell that for the sound. Oh, oh, tell me this isn't true! Tell me I'm not taking stacks and stacks and stacks of beautiful green Federal Government currency out of a little black bag just dropped on our laps outta nowhere! Kid, you're not taking stacks and stacks of beautiful Federal green currency out of a little black bag. I'm not? No, you're taking stacks and stacks of counterfeit Federal currency out of a little black bag Counterfeit...? Counterfeit. How can you be so sure? Because, Kid, I'm also a recognized authority on Federal Government currency and and this ain't it. Heyes, why we putting this back? There's nothing we can do with it. What are we gonna do with it? We try spending it we just get caught. We try turning it in somewhere we'll just have to answer a bunch of questions we can't answer. If we leave it somewhere like a baby on a doorstep well then, somebody will just come along and steal it. You know, Kid, you're right. But I got a better idea. Yeah. I've always wanted to have money to burn. This is it. A $200,000 bonfire? Right! All right, you count one two three go! One. Two. Three. Go! Oh, that's beautiful. Wait! Well, what's the matter? I think I got a way! A way to do what!? To use it! Not legally, you ain't! Yeah, legally. That's impossible! Kid, you just come along and watch. Jones, my bag, please. I'd also like some modest accommodations for my assistant here. Well, we got a real nice room for you, top floor, rear, just a dollar a day. Or I could give you... Oh, no, that'll be fine. I'll have to register for him. His name is Jones. Thaddeus Jones. Excuse me, I'm Joshua P. Smith. I'm looking for the owner, Mr. Sterling. Oh, I'm Mr. Sterling. What can I do for you? Mr. Sterling, I wish to place $200,000 in your bank. Oh, of course you have to fill out a deposit form... No, I'm afraid you misunderstood. I don't wish to deposit the money, I merely want to put it in your bank for safe keeping. Nearly a quarter of a million dollars? Just...put into a vault? Not drawing interest! Not being utilized? That's correct. Well, it can't be! Nobody just locks up $250,000 in a vault. It isn't decent. Isn't Christian. Mr. Sterling, please don't be offended, but well, banks have been known to go bankrupt. Not this one, sir. Just the same, I prefer to have my funds safely tucked away, not drawing interest and not being utilized, until I complete my purpose here in Lordstown. Then what may I ask is that? Mr. Sterling, I'm looking for cattle land. Good cattle land. Jones here is a cattle expert. He's gonna help me find what I'm looking for. Well, you...you have come to the right part of the country. Of course, values are sky-high, but well worth it. Some of the wealthiest cattlemen in America keep their funds right here in this Bank, in complete confidence and safety. Oh, I'm sure of that. Now, if we could count my funds and get them quickly into a safe deposit box. Yes, yes, of course... I'd also appreciate a receipt. All right, all right, we'll do it your way, but... may I suggest we have supper some evening? I'd like to discuss the philosophy of capitalism with you. You don't seem to understand it. There it is. Hadn't thought of selling it, but I might if the price is right. Sure is pretty. How many acres are there? 90 maybe a 100,000. Yeah, you're right, Mr. Bixby, it's beautiful land, but I'm afraid I couldn't allow my client to buy anything less than 200,000 acres in one parcel. You see, his cattle plans require that as a minimum. Well, that's all right, young fella. I wasn't too anxious to sell that range, anyway. Yeah. Hi, Kid. I don't how to break this to you, but you shaved off your moustache. Yeah, I decided it made me look sinister which is not good for our plan. Maybe that's a problem. Well, you know what day this is? Saturday. Yeah, Saturday. I'm worried. And if you weren't worried about something, I'd be worried. You know we must have talked at least a half a dozen millionaire ranchers and have any mentioned that game. I'm getting to think Wheat was having another one of his pipe dreams. Kid, how many times did Wheat try to talk us into robbing the Lordstown game? I only remember once. Then I asked him if he really wanted 6 or 7 angry ranchers with millions in the bank, out hunting him down. I talked him out of it three times. He knew all about the game - when and where it was what stakes. He even knew that they didn't play a very good poker. All right, so maybe the game is for real. But isn't it obvious by now, Heyes, they're not gonna invite you... Come in. Hello. Hey, Mr. Bixby, Mr. Halverson. How are you? Come on in! Thank you. We got to have a few words with you in private, Mr. Smith. Well, if it's about land I'd like my advisor here to stay. It's not about land. Well, in that case... I'll... I'll meet you down to the lobby, Mr. Smith. Gentlemen. So long. What happened to your soup strainer? I found out I didn't like strained soup. Say what can I do for you, gentlemen? You wouldn't happen to be a poker player, would you? Everybody plays poker. Do you like to play? Oh, I like a friendly game. Why? Well, we got a real friendly game right here in Lordstown. It starts every Saturday, at 3:00 p.m. exact and it finishes every Sunday, at 3:00 a.m. exact. I see. Well, if you gentlemen are inviting me to join you, I'm afraid I'll... I'll have to decline. It's too risky and... I've got too much to lose. Yeah, I'm right sorry you say that. See, we don't let anybody play on our game unless they can afford to lose like $100,000. Yeah, that's one of my rules and all our players are thoroughly checked out - and I think all of us could afford to lose as much as $200,000. We probably got the biggest poker game west of the Mississippi River going on right here in Lordstown. And it happens every Saturday. Every Saturday. Well, that does make a difference. May I think it over? You've got 'till 3 p.m. And then that big old door gets locked next that lobby and the game is on Players get there on time or they don't get in at all. I hope you can join us. Gentlemen, if I'm there I'll be on time. Thank you. Nice to see you again. Right a nice young fella, ain't he? Very nice. Hallelujah, the biggest game in the West! Kid, where are you? All right. All right, boys, the ante is 200 big ones. I'm in. It's a lucky game for lucky people. Ever when it goes to dinner... Gentlemen, I can see that I've already made one mistake. I...I assumed that we were gonna be playing with chips and then settling up with bank drafts after the game. I'm sorry this is all my fault. But I thought we understood we were gonna play with cash in hand and table stakes. Suppose I let you have 5,000 of these big ones until Monday morning, say? Mr. Bixby, that's just fine. I assure you the next Saturday I won't come without cash. I usually have quite a bit on me. I think we can believe that, Mr. Smith! All right, how was that? 200? I'll open for 25 cents. Four. I'll call the thousand and I'll raise it a thousand. I'll make it fifty cents. All right, I'll call your 50 cents and I'll raise you 50. I'll see that now due to another 1000. This is too breaker for me. I can't make it this time. He must have something. I raise you $2. That's too steep for me. What happened? It worked, Kid. Like a Swiss watch! Bixby loaned me 5,000 without blinking an eye! And an hour later I paid him back out of one hand! How'd you do? How'd I do? Kid, it was a poker game. That's like me asking you if some old lady outdrew you. Don't know exactly how much I got - it wouldn't be the thing to count it out there at the table. You know, they play fair poker, not good poker, but fair. In jacks-or-better, if you open and one of them 's got a pair of queens he not only stays - which he shouldn't - he sometimes raises. $14,800 Heyes, let's get out on a boat and go to China. Kid, we got us a stake. Next Saturday I'll come out with three times as much. You want to stay here for a whole week? What do we do? We'll shop for land. Who knows, we might even buy some! Well, Wheat was sure right - they're meeting regulars a depot clock. 5 of 'em are already inside. Now, Ralph, you're ready to lose a lot of money tonight? I'm not ready to lose any kind of money tonight. Well, I hope I'm not late. Hey, Joshua, we're afraid you're gonna leave town without give us a second chance with you. Well, I probably will conclude my business here in town in a few days so I'll tell you one thing: you better make the most of this session. Well, I'm sure it'd embarrass you to leave Lordstown a winner, so we're gonna do our best to keep that from happening. What's in the pot? $3.00 How much have you got there front of you? I guess about 30,000. You want me to count it out? No, no, no, let's see how a little bet of $10,000 sets with you. $10,000 on a one-card draw. Don't bother counting it out. I trust you, Carl. Oh, too bad. All right, boys, Nobody move and nobody gets hurt. Keep them hands where we can see 'em! Hey, Wheat, look! All right, let's take the money, boys. Come on! All right, let's take it out and get it. All right, let's go. We're leaving one man at the street door! Anybody leaves this room within five minutes gets shot. All right boys, we don't need the telegraph pullin' out. Drop it! We don't need the pillow either. Come on! Try and figure out what you had in front of you! I'm gonna rouse the sheriff! Never mind me, go for the sheriff. Just one more game, huh? Couldn't quit when I said to! You just had to stay for one more game! Well, now we're flat busted. Kid, will you stop it? We were flat busted last week, but we didn't have this problem. What problem? Well, I didn't tell you but when Kyle saw me said: 'Hey, Wheat, look!' Oh, no! Did he point? No, and my poker friends thought that he meant all that money lying there in the middle of the table. But I'm just wondering how long it's gonna take 'em to figure out that 'Wheat' meant 'Wheat Carlson', who's known to be a member of the Devil's Hole gang. I mean how many outlaws are there named 'Wheat'? And when you start thinking about the Devil's Hole gang, you naturally start thinking about Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry. Right. And when a sheriff compares their descriptions to you and me... You want us to hightail it out of here right now? No, Kid, we can't do that. We can't leave that counterfeit money and we can't get at it till Monday. Have we got 'till Monday? I don't know. Kid, I think we got a risk finding out... No! No, we ain't sitting around waiting for the axe! We are gonna do something! Like what? Kid, you gotta leave town! You got to go out and you got to tell that gang to give back that money! You're kidding! Heyes, you're lost your mind! Tell them that they can keep the 35,000 that was in front of me, but but that they got to give back the rest. You really think they're gonna do that?! Kid, sure they will. Why, I'd go myself if it wouldn't start all my Rancher friends around here thinking! You just go out and you remind them of all the reasons that we used to give 'em for not robbing that game. And tell 'em that... that if they do it our way they're gonna be $35,000 richer. And they won't have 6 mad millionaire ranchers scouring the country trying to find 'em and hang 'em! I think you could do it, Heyes. You got me believin'. I think you could really do it. Kid, so can you. You! Smith! I want to talk to you, sir. I'm surprised to see you here Mr. Sterling. I thought you lived outside of town. I just got out of church, sir. Let's talk. Sure, what's on your mind? Not here. In private. We'll go to your hotel room. Well, let's talk business. On Sunday, Mr. Sterling? I work 24 hours per day 7 days per week. There's nothing un-Christian about work. For instance, this morning I was checking stock certificates in my safe then I decided to check out something else. Something else? You're putting cash into a vault, just sitting there. You know that bothered me night and day. So this morning I took a look at that cash... a good look. Mr. Sterling, that box is supposed to be private! You're not even supposed to be able to open it without the second key. We can go into how I opened that box some other time. The point now is what I found in there. And what was that? I don't have to tell you. Oh, well, tell me anyway. You know as well as I do, that money, every last sour note of it, is counterfeit. Now, Mr. Sterling, what if I told you that I merely gave that money to you for safe-keeping, and I... I planned to turn it over to the authorities at my first opportunity. I wouldn't believe you, and the authorities wouldn't believe you! Now look, I didn't put it into the bank. That's illegal. And I didn't use it. That's also illegal. You had the money in your possession, you still do and that's illegal! You say you wanted to talk business? Yes. I have something to sell you. What's that? Silence. I'll let you go ahead and do whatever it is you plan to do - if we can make a satisfactory and private arrangement. Well, what's it worth to you? Well, I'd say... your silence would be worth an awful lot to me. Oh, I'd say about... $10,000. Let us say about $15,000 - real dollars. 15? It will take a little time to raise 15. How much time? Say, Wednesday? All right. Wednesday it is. Then I call in the law. This is Sheriff Grimly. Come in. Hello, Mr. Sterling. Interruptin' somethin' am I? No, no, no, Sheriff, I was just leaving. Didn't see you in church this morning. Why don't you keep looking, Mr. Sterling. Hope for all of us. I'm trying to find out what that thief said last night. 'Weed' or 'Wheat'? No, Sheriff. Sounded like 'Weed' to me it. It did? Sounded like 'Wheat' to everybody else except Mattson, and you now. Well, maybe I heard 'Weed' 'cause I once heard of an outlaw named 'Weed'. 'Weed Bronson' that was his name. I never heard of a 'Weed Bronson'. I have heard the name 'Wheat' somewhere. How about you? No, Sheriff. 'Weed' not 'Wheat'. You got any idea what that fella meant when he said 'Hey, Wheat, look!'? Well, when he said 'Hey, Weed, look!' I thought he was talking about... all that money just lying there on the table. That's what the other players figured. By the way, what happened to that cattle advisor of yours, Mr. Jones? Oh, he's up north here looking at some land for me. He'll be back on Wednesday. 'Weed' you said? That's it. Thanks. Sheriff Grimley. But we can't decide on a thing like this without Wheat! You haven't got time to wait for Wheat! Look, it took me 2 days to get down here it's gonna take me another 2 to get back - even then it may be too late. You'll make me wait for Wheat to get back from Denver, I guarantee it's gonna be too late! You really expect us we just hand you over $200,000 - biggest haul we ever made!? I'll tell you, Lobo, I'll give you a choice: you can keep the money and have 6 of the meanest richest men west of the Mississippi out hirein' and every bounty hunter and gunmen they can find to hunt you down! Or you can keep the 35,000 that belong to Heyes and let me take the rest back, in which case nobody's out looking for you! They don't even know who we was. Lobo, don't you know that there are as many wanted posters out on Wheat as there are out on Heyes and me? And everyone of 'em says 'Wheat Carlson member the Devil's Hole gang'. Now, wait a minute. I think the Kid has point here. What's wrong for 35,000 and peace against 235,000 and war!? What's wrong is the difference between 35,000 and 235,000. Now, that's what's wrong! Well, there's another reason: we'd be doing it for Heyes and the Kid. Yeah, that's right. You mind if I point out that you'd be doing it while Wheat's not here to agree? No. You! No, you would. No not me! You'd be doing that. I don't want to hear no more about it. That's all there is to it. You'd be doing it! Mr. Sterling, my associate hasn't returned yet and I... I can't meet the terms of your proposition. I just need a little more time. No more time. You meet the terms or I turn your 'money' and you over to the Federal authorities. Why'd you nod at that safe? Isn't my money in your vault? No, I keep valuable items in the vault. Your money's over there in the safe. But don't worry it's secure. It's a Pierson & Hamilton '73. I know - oh, I mean I know it's secure. Look, I just need a few more days - Mr. Smith, I'm gonna send for a Federal Agent now, today. If you can come up with the money before he gets here, then you still have a deal. that's all I'm gonna say for now. But if you send for an agent now, and and I meet your price later, what are you gonna say to the agent? Let me worry about that. You worry about getting your money back keeping me from turning you over to the law. Welcome back! They wouldn't do it... You're all right. Cousin, you're all right! Come on. The opening is not wide enough. Heyes, are you sure we can bend those bars back so no one can tell what was done to 'em? Shut up and watch the street. You know what, Heyes, to open a safe the way you try to open that one is an art, like playing a piano, to play a piano well you gotta practice, you gotta keep your hand in there. I think you've lost your touch. I think you can't open it. You keep talking you'll be right. Shut up and I'll have this thing open. It's like I was slicing a piece of cake. Like slicing a cake... Heyes, you're a genius! If it wasn't so quiet out there I'd applaud. I'm surprised I had to look you up. I thought we had some business to talk. Business? The Federal Agent I told you about? He'll be here any minute. Now, you... you ready to close it... close the deal or not? What deal? In other words, you didn't raise the money. Money? Mr. Sterling, I don't have the faintest idea what you're talking about. Good! 'Cause I've decided I never should have talked to you in the first place. Don't try to leave town - because you'll never make it! And if you want to change your mind, you've got about 2 minutes. Mr. Collins...? Yes... I'm J. P. Sterling. Thanks for coming so quickly; I thought you'd never get here. Don't thank me, Mr. Sterling. We've been looking for the exact sum of counterfeit money you wired us about. You have? Almost had our hands on it a while back, but the man who had it managed to get rid of it somehow. Well, you're about to find out how you just come with me. Hotel's right over there. You've got it at the hotel? No, no, the men who deposited the money with me they're in the hotel. Well, I'd rather see the money first, Mr. Sterling, if you don't mind. Money's in the bank, it can't go anywhere. But I think those men are planning to leave town right now. Gentlemen. Mr. Smith? Yes? My name is Collins, I'm an agent of the Federal Government. May I come in? What can I do for you? Mr. Sterling, tells me you put a large sum of money into his bank last week. Not into his bank, into his safe for safe-keeping. Yeah, he made that clear. He also claims the money's counterfeit. Goodness me, I hope he's wrong. Well, that won't be difficult to determine. Only reason I came here first is Mr. Sterling had some idea you might try to leave town before I got a chance to look the money over. Well, let's just go look at that money right now, shall we? Get my bag, Jones. It's not only counterfeit money, it's not particularly good counterfeit money! Mr. Sterling, I hope you have a good explanation for bringing me here to Lordstown and for falsely charging this gentleman with possession of counterfeit money. This is a good Federal currency! Mr. Sterling, I'm surprised at you. You weren't supposed to be able to open that box without my key. But we all make mistakes, don't we? And I'm inclined to let the whole thing drop right here. Agreed? Agreed! Oh, yes, yes! I know you won't mind if I don't keep my funds with you any longer. Mr. Jones, you have Mr. Sterling's receipt. You will give it to him. Mr. Sterling, I intend to rent a room, take a bath, dine and refresh myself before leaving on the 2:30 stage. You'll be receiving a bill from the government for my room, transportation and all expenses. Goodbye, Mr. Sterling. Good day, Mr. Collins. Mr. Sterling, it's been a real pleasure. Here's your receipt, Mr. Sterling. Thank you. Mr. Jones? Please? Tell me: how did he do it? Do what, Mr. Sterling? What happened? No problems? No. No problems. I had to give that desk clerk $10 and a long story to get him to go across to the post office, but if I do say so myself, Kid, then I got in and out of there just as clean as a whistle. How long before that stagecoach leaves? About 20 minutes. Yes? Is Mr. Jones there? It's all right. Something I admitted at the poker game. Can I come in? I hope you don't ever say I told you this, but the sheriff is rounding up his deputies and I think it's got something to do with you and Mr. Smith. Parsons! Yes, sheriff? What room is that fella Jones in?! 412, sheriff! Don't be alarmed, ladies. It's all counterfeit. Well, boys, if they're who we think they are they're on that train and we can't catch it. Well, Perry you'll lose a little money tonight? Not if I can help it! Almost three. Okay, boys, three sharp! Come on... I'm gonna skin you today, Carl. Oh yeah? Bixby! Yeah? Well, I know now, who held up your poker game: The Devil's Hole gang. What? Are you sure? Yeah, I'm sure. That gang's run by Kid Curry and Hannibal Heyes. You know both of 'em. What do you mean by that? They've been right here in my town for 2 weeks. Like Hannibal Heyes has been in your game - your friend Joshua P. Smith. Now wait a minute, Sheriff, I find that hard to believe. So do I, not to mention it being painful. But it's true. Well, they'll be in custody before dark. They're on the train going west and I've notified every sheriff's office down the line to check that train from engine to caboose. Well now, that's good news. I go to the telegraph office and wait for word. Good work, Sheriff. We'll be right in here when you get that word. I'll be darned... What? What is that? Look at this... Go get that sheriff! Heyes, I've been trying to figure out how we came out on all this. We started off with $12 between us, right? 12 dollars and 70 cents. And at one point we had between us over $200,000 - in real money, right? $200,719. And now we got 8 cent between us, right? Kid, I don't know how to tell you this, but I backslid. What? I backslid. When I had Sterling's safe open this fell onto the floor. $100? Is it good? It is. As I say, it fell on the floor and I stuck in my pocket 'cause of the hurry we were in. Somehow, I just forgot to put it back. It's not really backsliding, Heyes, that's... that's just being a little absent-minded. Kid, you have a large and open mind. Just can't believe it. It's all there! In front of each chair. You sent for me? Yes, sheriff. I want you to telegraph all those sheriffs along the rail line and tell them to ignore your first telegraph. Why? This's been a grave error. There wasn't any hold up. What?! That's right, sheriff. There's our money. Every dollar of it. We're withdrawin' on our robbery complaint. No crime has been committed. Do you care to explain this? No, sheriff. But aren't you kind of relieved to know that Kid Curry and Hannibal Heyes weren't in your town for 2 weeks? And that our game here wasn't robbed? Now, yeah I'd... I'd be real happy to believe that. Should I? Would we tell you if it wasn't the truth? No, I reckon you wouldn't. Now are you gonna go sendin' those telegraphs? All right, reckon I will. Say, what was in that note anyway? I read it to you. It says here: 'Gentlemen, I hope I divided the money accurately. Anyway, it's all here except for what I had in front of me when the game was robbed, which I haven't got anymore. If anyone ever tells you it was really Hannibal Heyes you were playing poker with, I hope you point out that since none of you lost a nickel either that person is wrong or Hannibal Heyes must be an awful honest man.' Signed Joshua Smith. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 