Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e12 - The Bounty Hunter - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 12 - The Bounty Hunter - full transcript 
 Ex-slave Joe Sims has a cheerful demeanor that masks intensive hatred for the white racists who have dogged him all his life. He has an uncanny ability to track down Heyes and Curry wherever they go and trap them, planning to turn them in for the reward money and methodically ignoring their pleas that they have reformed. After witnessing some of Sims' confrontations with vicious whites, Heyes and Curry are sympathetic to his plight and try to help him, but Sims won't let them go. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ...that maybe we do faintly resemble the description of those two men - but I ask you, now honestly, do we have the look of a couple of desperados? We're just honest, hard working American citizens like yourselves. I've got a wife and a little baby boy waiting for me at home right now. My friend here is being married next week to a wonderful girl, a really lovely girl from St. Louis, one of the best families, it turns out. The daughter of the mayor's, as it happens. We were just on our way to Hartsville 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 to pick up our church suits for the wedding. As I said, I've got a wife a little baby boy waiting for me at home right now. My wife is baking a cake, she's a superb cook even if I do say so myself... Will you shut up! Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two latter-day Robin Hoods very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. So, all we've got to do is just stay out of trouble until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. How much money we got between us, Heyes? What are you crabbing about? We're supposed to be in retirement. Let's enjoy it. Yeah, but nobody told me we'd be retiring from eating and drinking and sleeping in beds, too. How much? Why don't we just enjoy the ride on this nice beautiful sunny day? How much? And that gorgeous scenery - the clouds kissing the mountains so pretty - How much? I just goes to show you the best things in life are free - How much!? $2 and 16 cents. Whatever happened to that nimble brain and silver tongue? I have a distinct feeling you're beginning to lose confidence... Oh, I wouldn't go so far as to say that... You wouldn't? No. But I sure would defend your right to say it. Hold it... right there, gentlemen, please! I got a gun pointed right at your heads, so get your hands up nice and high. Hey, you in the dark shirt - bring down your hand real slow and careful and lift out your gun with two fingers - and two fingers only! That's it. Now, flip it away nice and far. That's good. Now, get down off your horse on this side. Easy does it... Now, walk off the road behind that rock. That's far enough. Now, turn around. Now, laid down on your belly. Oh, wait a minute... Let's go, please! You're holding everybody up... Now, you on the horse - you do everything the way he did. with two fingers - real slow and careful - That's it. Now, get off on this side. Walk behind that rock. Lay down on your belly, same as him. Let's go. Say what's this all about, huh? And who are you? Names Joe Sims. And you gentlemen just got yourselves under arrest. Arrest! For what? You're making a terrible mistake now. No, sir. Done some real good checking on you, boys, back in Hartsville. Your name is Joshua Smith and his name is Thaddeus Jones. And you're a couple of Drifters looking for work. It's certain that you really Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry, and there's $10,000 apiece on your heads. And I'm a bounty hunter - professional. Make it right, please, 'cause I'm inspect it real good. All right, Mr. Curry. You can get up now. Now... I want you to give him a big bear hug like you're glad to see him. So, I can get at your hands behind his back. Where did you learn this? Safest way. Never fails. Heyes, stop breathing, will ya? All right... you can duck out now. Thanks. Now, gentlemen... I got to remind you, that the reward for you is either dead or alive. It don't make no difference to me one way or the other. So, if you got any preferences along those lines, I'll leave it up to you. You can vote on it, if you want. I don't think that'll be necessary... Free country... Gentlemen - your horses. You mind telling us where you're taking us? Don't mind at all. Taking you to the sheriff in Carbondale. Carbondale? Why Carbondale? That's a good enough day and a half ride from here. Cause the sheriff and Hartsville don't seem to like black folks too much. I don't figure he'd been too cooperating about that reward. I think you think the sheriff in Carbondale's gonna be any different. I don't. Just hoping, that's all. Hang on, Thaddeus. I don't suppose it make any difference to tell you you're gonna make a damn fool out of yourself in any case. Come on! So, you got the descriptions in those Wanted Flyers all mixed up. No, sir. There ain't a description on any outlaw worth more than $2,000 I ain't got locked up in my head down to the last button on his shirt. And I don't just go by one description on a man. I compare different ones. Talk to people, ask questions. Yeah, I'm working all the time. That's how I was able to spot you two right off. Ain't got nothing against you personally. But like I said - I'm a bounty hunter...professional. But with $20,000 for the two of you - it's gonna be the biggest score I ever made. That's nice... How'd you get in this line of business, Joe? Well, I'll tell you... ain't much a black man can do these days. Before the war I was a slave. And afterwards I just drifted West. The further I went, further I got away from the way things used to be back home. Sometimes that's good. Sometimes that's bad. Depends on the kind of people you run into. Nobody pays a black man more than room and board. And that's if you can get work. In the old days, if you got sick, why, the master he'd have to take care of you. Nowadays, if you got sick, you just out of luck. That's why I became a bounty hunter. For the money. Black man ain't gonna be out of luck if he'd got money. Oh, you're gonna be out of luck with us, Joe, 'cause you got the wrong men. No, sir. Wrong for you, but right for me. Come on! Come on! What happened? He shot my horse! Come on! Come on! My hands are tied too, remember? Hold it right there, boy! Get his guns. You figure he gave up? What difference does it make? I'd just like to see him try it again, that's all! Come on, let's get out of here. You're bounty hunter, huh? That's right. I just lost my prisoners. That's the reason for the shooting. Well, you're blackest bounty hunter I've ever seen. In fact, I'm not so sure you're bounty hunter at all. It's the truth. You sure you ain't one of them crazy fools that just likes to kill good horses? I told you - it was an accident. Don't you know this ain't cotton-pickin country? This is horse country. Horses are valuable around here. So valuable, that horse-stealing is a hanging offense. You understand that? Now, what do you suppose horse-killing ought to be? I'm powerful sorry about the horse. And I'll be real glad to make it up to you. Oh, you're gonna make it up, alright, my friend. I'm gonna make sure you don't never kill a horse again. Hey, Heyes, what's going on down there? I'll be... Yeah. There goes a budding career. You know, he could've killed us if he wanted to. Wouldn't be in this fix if he had. You're out of your mind! You might just let 'em hang him? There's six of 'em down there! What chance we've got against six of them? What do we owe him anyhow? Like I said: he could have killed us if he wanted to. Let me just scare 'em off and get out of here fast. And if we can't? We've got enough grief as it is! Yeah, but with $2 and 16 cents between us how much more grief can there be? You think, twelve quick shots will do it? They better had. All right, you go first. I'll pick it up on the fifth, and then we go - whether it helps them or not! Right! You ready? Ready. You know what we just did, Heyes? Huh? A good deed. Yeah, but let's not make it a habit. What are you grinning about? 2 hours ago, you were a sour apple. You know, you're right, Heyes. It is a nice beautiful sunny day. Just look at that gorgeous scenery - the clouds kissing the mountain so pretty. Just goes to show you... best things in life are free... Stop right there, gentlemen! Or I'll let go both barrels. Oh, no! Get your hands up nice and high... Oh, no... Joe, it's us! I know it's you! This can't be happening... Now lift up the gun real slow, Mr. Heyes and throw it behind you nice and far. That's it. Get off your horse. Joe, don't you know who scared away that lynch mob?! It was us! I figured, it might have been you. That's why I figured, you couldn't been too far away. Now walk over to that little rock behind you, Mr. Heyes. Wait 'till I tell you! All right, get down... Joe, I don't think you fully understand the situation! We - the two of us - have just saved your life! Yes, sir. Now, you Mr. Curry, lift out your gun slow and easy, same as him... and throw it behind you. Then you can get off your horse. Joe, how can you do this to us after what we did for you?! Price ain't changed on you, gentlemen. It's still $20,000. Now, walk back near Mr. Heyes and get down. Is that all you're worried about?! Ain't worried at all. In other words, it's the money! No, sir, not in other words. Them are the words. You know what to do, Mr. Heyes. You know what to do. But I'll tell you one thing. You gentlemen taking some of the pleasure I'm gonna get spending that $20,000 - that's for sure! Joe, I hate to say this, but I don't think you're showing the proper gratitude. What's that? Don't you know why we did this? Tell you the truth, that's what's been puzzling me. Seemed kind of stupid to me. Stupid?! Yes, sir. Don't know why you want to save my skin when you could have saved your own skins instead. Especially since I'm dead-set on taking you in. Don't that sound kind of stupid to you? Hey Thaddeus! I'd just like to see him try it again, that's all! Hey Thaddeus! You know what we did back there? A good deed! I'd like to remind you that was your idea! All right... I would also like to remind you that although I wasn't exactly against it, I wasn't exactly for it either! All right! You want to know why I wasn't exactly for it? Because I got a brain, that's why! ALL RIGHT! Hi. Howdy. It's very nice to see you. Real nice - What's going on here? I'm a bounty hunter. These men are my prisoners. They're wanted outlaws. That right? You're fellas outlaws? Oh, he thinks we are. And we're not. The truth is, my name is Joshua Smith. I got a wife a little baby boy over in Black Ridge. This is Thaddeus Jones, he's supposed to be married next week. Fat chance, huh? We grew up together. This fella here he thinks - you can believe this - that we're Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry. Just because he thinks so, he's making us go into Carbondale where he's gonna turn us in. And then Lord only knows how long it's gonna take before we can prove who we really are. What these men are telling you are lies. I am a bounty hunter - professional - and I know my business. And these men is Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry, and they wanted and I'm taking them in to the sheriff in Carbondale. All right - if you say so. Good luck to you... Let's go! Silver tongue...pshaw. Yeah. I hope you gentlemen don't make me regret letting you vote on how you want to get there. Like I told you - the law says you're worth the same dead or alive. I did you expect us to help you back there? No... truthfully, I didn't. Halt! Hold it right there. You, bounty hunter, going down here. Drop the gun. What's the problem? Problem is you tell too a good a story. Too good for your own good. Now maybe you have got Curry and Heyes here. Maybe they're worth a little money. How much you figure? Well, that's all right. We'll find out. See, we decided we're gonna turn them in. So, get off your horse. Now, why don't you go back where you come from? You're gonna leave me here without a horse? Ain't leaving you anywhere, friend. I'm telling you to get moving. Now move! All right, you other two, let's go. Oh gentlemen, Carbondale is a long way off and you're really just wasting your time - because that fellow was all wrong. Oh, maybe we do frankly resemble the description of those two men - but I ask, now honestly, do we have the look of a couple of desperados? We're just honest, hard-working American citizens like yourselves, who are being made victims of a terrible injustice. When decent law-abiding people can't travel in freedom without being manhandled by anyone who comes along, why then it's high time for this country to do something about it, otherwise no one will be safe. As I said, I've got a wife and a little baby boy waiting for me at home right now. My friend here is being married next week to a wonderful girl, a really lovely girl from St. Louis, from one of the best families. The daughter the mayor, as it happens. We were just on our way to Huntsville to get our church suits for the wedding. As a matter of fact, hey, we'd be proud to have you come. My wife is baking the cake and she's a superb cook even if I do say so myself. Will you shut up! You don't need to keep going on about it. We want to check out that fella's story, that's all. It just don't figure him riding around with two white men tied up. Not in this part of the country... All right, get up! Come on, this way. Come on, both of you. You ain't hurt. I was real careful to hit you both in the shoulder. Hurry up now, going over there. Come on. Just tell me one thing - how did you do that? Do what? You got a horse, you got a gun, you pop out of nowhere - how did you do that? It wasn't hard. They didn't search me. Took my guns and my horse but they didn't take my money. Walked about a couple of miles 'till I found a ranch and bought everything I needed - horse, saddle, guns. Got me $110 worth of stuff only $221, but here I am. Joe, you're marvelous! If a man works hard enough, he can do these things. that's what they call free American enterprise. That's what keeps the country strong - land of the free and home of the brave! Joe, when you're gonna stop living in a fool's paradise? You really think that other fella is gonna keep running away? He'll be back as sure as you're born, we'll be playing musical chairs again. He won't be back don't worry. He's all alone now. Ain't got guts enough to come back. Well, that takes care of that... How about food? We're getting hungry. No hungrier than I am. It's just a few more miles to Carbondale. I'll take you there in the morning. They'll feed you when you get there. Hey, hey, listen. I'm... I'm feeling pretty awful. I can't feel a thing in my whole arm. I'm burning up you gotta... get me into town tonight... When you can talk and fret about it, you'll be all right till morning. I just love the way he gets rid of problems. Joe, do you really think you're gonna get us there in one piece? You in one piece, I mean. Wouldn't try it if I didn't... Don't you know that the same thing is gonna keep happening again? And finally you're killed? You're in the wrong place, Joe. You're gonna keep running up against people who don't approve of you. You're so right, friend! Don't try it! Nate! I knew you'd be back. Howdy, boys. Didn't think I'd run off and leave you, did you? You boys all right? All right now! Hurting a little, though. We'll get around that. First I got some business to take care of. All right, come up slow and easy. Are you know the difference between your left in your right hand? I'm talking to you. I know it. Now then, with your left hand take your gun out and toss it. Now, start walking this way. That's far enough, friend. Is he, Hank? You watching this? Yeah. This here is for you. All right, hold it right there! My God - you didn't go and do it again?! Be still. You're lucky. Didn't hit the bone. Be still! And the bleeding will stop. You know, I'm surprised you'd do that for me. So, am I. I didn't do it for you. I did it for us. Come on over here and untie my partner. Can't do that. Hold it! Right there, Joe! Or I'll have to shoot you! No, you won't. You just used the last shot. Ye Gosh! Why didn't you reload it? 'Cause I've been busy, and I just plain forgot! The gun, Mr. Curry. Oh, I have to tie you up again, Mr. Curry. Oh, look at them hands. Oughta be ashamed of yourself... Got my eye on you, Mr. Heyes. Bring your hands up, put them on your head, where I can see 'em. You know what you are? You know what you are!? You are a miserable ingrate! You know that?! He was gonna kill you! We have now saved your life twice! Now, how can you do this to us?! Well, don't think it's so easy. Checking all the pleasure I'm ever gonna get out of spending that $20,000. Every time I think of the way you saved my life this way - ain't be no fun spending that money. No fun at all. In fact, I may just invest it instead. You, too, Mr. Heyes. Joe, listen, you're not thinking. You're really not thinking. Now you've gotta let us go. 'Cause you're not gonna get a dime of that reward. Look what happened. You've got three wounded men here - two of which you shot. What do you think's gonna happen when you get into Carbondale with them? Better listen to him, Joe... I admit I've got a problem... but I'll tell you what I'm gonna do. I'll tie you two up real good, 'cause you're pretty fancy. Then I'm gonna take them three into Carbondale tonight - leave them on the edge of town. Somebody'll pick them up in the morning and take them to the doc. Then... I'm gonna come back and we're gonna head south for Briartown, I'll turn you in there... All right, you fellas, on your feet! Ain't one of you really hurt bad. That's no use. Heyes...? What? The mayor's daughter? I figured you deserve the best... Thanks... Don't mention it... You think he's really gonna do it? I don't see what's to stop him... Us! It may be just my imagination, I don't think we're doing too well. You'll think of something. Glad to hear it. Who's that? Well, sure not the cavalry... Boys all right? Sure. We always sleep this way... How'd you get those fellas into town? Yup. That's good. Left them just outside of town, yelling and complaining. Maybe he hurt a little they ain't sick. Yeah, that's... it's great. That's great, Joe. That's really fine, 'cause now you gotta let us go. As soon as they see those fellas in the morning, the whole town is gonna be riding after you. Hey, that's right. That's just what I figure they're gonna do. Well then, what are you so happy about? 'Cause we ain't going to Briartown. We're heading north over those mountains instead. A little tough riding and further away, that's why I figure they'll be looking for us that way. There's a town over there called Big Butte, that's where I'm gonna turn you in... You thought of everything, didn't you? Sure hope so... Yeah, except for one thing, Joe. The one thing you've been mistaken about since the beginning. What's that? We're not Curry and Heyes. Do you honestly think for one minute, that Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry could have possibly been as stupid as we've been? Just think about it. Kid Curry is supposed to be one of the fastest guns in the West, right? You took his gun away from him twice. You tied us up four times! You think Curry and Heyes let you get away with that? Kid Curry would have blasted you to kingdom come the first time you said boo! Back there when they were fixing to stretch you up? Do you know that we fired two loads two full loads. We didn't hit a single man! If we were really Curry and Heyes, that field would have been strewn with nothing but dead bodies! In fact, if we were really Curry and Heyes, we wouldn't have done it in the first place! You yourself said it was a dumb thing to do! And Heyes is supposed to be so smart. He's also supposed to be able to talk his way out of a... tiger's belly. Has he talked himself out of anything with you? Has he talked himself out of anything? Or even into anything, for that matter? In fact, has he said one single thing that worked?! There you go, Joe. You see it's totally inconceivable that we could be Curry and Heyes. I mean, we're just a couple of ordinary every day clunk heads! You know something? That's the one thing that's been bothering me. But I finally got to figure it out for myself. How? Simple. Even Curry and Heyes can have an awful day... Not too much further now, gentlemen. Just a couple of more miles. Joe! Yeah? I gotta tell you something. Despite of everything that's happened, we've grown and fond of you... Me, too... Just tell me one thing... What's that? Why you're so all-fired ornery? Nothing I can do about that... some black folks, you know, figure they owe white folks a lot of harm for what they done... I don't feel that way. I don't feel I owe 'em any harm. I don't feel I owe 'em anything else either. I guess that's why I don't know nothing about... gratitude. It'd been taken out of me a long time ago. That's sad, Joe. It's a sad way to be. I guess... Look ahead, Joe... Here we go again the same problem. They're not gonna like what they see. Why don't you untie us - so we can look like good friends just riding into town. This may be your last chance. Yeah, gotta take that chance now. You boys seem to have a real poor opinion of white folks. They ain't all bad. Hi, there. What have you got these men tied up for? Well... this fella here, he's gonna tell you that he's got a wife and sick child at home - and that fella, he's gonna tell you he's getting married next week. They both gonna tell you that the names are Smith and Jones, but the truth is, I'm a bounty - professional. This man is Hannibal Heyes and that fella is Kid Curry. I'm taking 'em in to Big Butte. All that's happened is, he's made a mistake, that's all. Just a really honest mistake. He really truly believes that we are Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry. But the truth of the matter is my name is Smith, I do have a baby boy and a wife waiting at home for me and they both happen to be very sick. And he is gonna get married next week. But he insists on taking us in, causing us a lot of trouble and a lot of time. But he's mistaken, that's all. He's purely and simply a mistaken. Al - Herman - check their guns. And untie them. The guns are empty, Max... You gonna take my prisoners away from me? You know, under the law, these are my prisoners. I arrested 'em, they are in my custody. I got a right to bring 'em in. Shut up. I don't want to hear any more out of you. All right, you two take 'em on back to Big Butte and check it all out. Go on - get started. Let's go... Turn him over to the sheriff and go on back to the ranch. Mister, you just cost me $20,000... Get his guns. Where are you from? You mean lately? I said, where are you from? Well, I was born in Mississippi. And moved on to Texas and on the New Mexico - in here to Arizona. Well, I guess maybe you need a little learning on the ways of the world. You don't go around arresting white people. Not here. Not anywhere. That's not your place. You understand me? It's not your place to go around arresting white people just because you think they may be outlaws. You got that? I don't want to see you around here anymore. Do you see those hills? That's south. I want you to go south. Go back where you came from. Just turn around and get going. It's downhill all the way. There's nothing over those hills. The nearest town is back the away I came. I guess, you didn't hear me. I'm telling you to go that way. Now you better get started. Right now! I knew it! I knew Max is gonna do that from look at his eyes! All right. Let's go home... All right - the show's over. Let's go... Oh... What you're boys doing here? They know who you are now. How bad you get hit? Bad enough... Joe, you think you can sit a horse? Can't move... I can't move my legs. One of them shots... got me good. You think we ought to try to get him across this horse? Lead to death. Never mind about me. What you boys... doing here? Joe, we're gonna go into town. We're gonna get a doc and try and get a wagon to come out here for you. You boys... never learn... Joe... Would you really have turned us in when we got back there? Sure would... You still want to tell the sheriff about this? Yeah. Don't you? Could be taking an awful chance, us going to the law, couldn't it? Sure would... Let's go... Heyes, you think he meant it? Think he really would have turned us in? Sure would... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 