Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e2 - How to Rob a Bank in One Hard Lesson - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 2 - How to Rob a Bank in One Hard Lesson - full transcript 
 Three psychotic thugs -- a man and two women -- hold Curry hostage. The price for his safe return is for Heyes to go through a step-by-step instruction to the man of how to blow up a top-of-the-line bank safe without harming the money inside. Heyes suspects that the thugs will kill him and Curry afterwards anyway, and schemes to trick the group into letting him get the drop on them. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 By the way if vacuum sucks the Nitro in this whole thing might blow up. What? Now wait a minute... Easy... Wait a minute Heyes - are you sure there's not a better way to do this? This is the only way. Want me to stop? Why the devil didn't you tell me about this? I just did! This is another reason why I left the business. What do you want me to do? I want you to be careful! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'll try. You'll just stop shaking. Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two latter-day Robin Hoods very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. So, all we've got to do is stay out of trouble until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. Nice town. So, it was the last one. Until someone spotted us. Prosperity all over the place. How about familiar faces? Now, they have two undertaking parlors, big First Federal with solid brick walls, and five saloons just full of poker players who don't know the odds against helping two pair. That's not what I asked you. Yeah, I know. You asked me if I'd seen any familiar faces. If I had, would I be sitting here talking about prosperity? Well, did you happen to get as far as the sheriff's office? Mm-hmm. His name's Baldwin. Bob Baldwin. That's wonderful. Never heard of it. His deputies name is Lee Harper. We don't know him either. What you suppose is going on over there? Stop haunting me. Something that doesn't concern us. We just...gonna...sit here? I think, I think so. I think that's the wisest idea. We're in a nice town. The sheriff doesn't know us... ...deputy sheriff's fat and lazy... we can really enjoy this place. Yeah... We could leave the porch, of course. No! You're hurting me! Oh, Kid... I think, that she wants you to let her go. His name's Lester Wilkie and it's a wonder he didn't shoot you. I mean that! Lester'd shoot his own mother if she got in his way. I guess he realized Thaddeus isn't his mother. He's been bothering my sister and me ever since her husband died last month. He's trying to buy our ranch at half its value. He says he's gonna keep after us till we sell. It sounds like a job for the sheriff. The sheriff says he can't do anything until Lester does something illegal. I guess... ...what I'm trying to say to you gentlemen is... ...I need help. Could you... come out to the ranch and stay with my sister in me? Just until we find a legitimate buyer. I'll pay your foreman's wages... and I'll give you a bonus if you're there when it's sold. We're not very good at ranching. Oh, you don't have to do anything... just stay with Lorraine and me so we won't be alone. It'd be like a vacation. We're good cooks Mr. Smith and... not bad company... I'm sure you'll agree when you meet my sister. She'll be along in a minute. Oh, I'm sure we will, ma'am. Uh, ma'am... would you excuse us long enough to talk this over, please. What's there to talk over? What's the matter with you? That's the best offer we've had in weeks! Yeah... What if her sister turns out to look like the one you tried to dump on me in Carson City? Well, I guess you'll just have to ask for a bigger bonus. No, we're gonna settle this right here now. You like to live dangerously? I believe it's up to you. All right. This one is mine. You get the sister. All right, Heyes. Just to show you that my heart's in the right place... you got it. I'll take the sister. How much farther? Quite a long way. I'm afraid we just... can't take this heat. Would you gentlemen mind if my sister and I stop to a round swim? Are you sure you aren't peeking? No, ma'am. Just keep looking that way boys and ease your hands up real slowly. Come on, get them up! I can scatter you like dust with one shot. You got ten seconds. I'm counting boys and I just passed five. Ah, that's just perfect. Only one thing worse than being disappointed... ...it's being stupid! Hey, you hold real still like. I have a feeling, I've heard that voice somewhere before. I know I have! Well, let's see how good you are. Something awful happened to us in Wichita once was it there? Naw, I never been at Wichita. Try again. All right you come around here up front where we can take a decent look at you. No, thank you. Not till you tied up. You can turn around and take a look if you do it real slowly. Harry Wagoner? You're gonna turn us in for the reward money. The reward money? My boy, that's peanuts next to what I planned for you. I think I smell one of Harry's schemes. You do. Hannibal Heyes, you're gonna make me a fortune. You're gonna come out of retirement and rob the First National Bank. ...not even a bonifide member of the gang. That's 'cause you two boys wouldn't let me in. We couldn't Harry, because of your schemes. I don't want to hurt your feelings again, but they were bizarre. Nobody gets away with things like that, Harry. I mean, holding the president for ransom. Blowing up the Denver Mint. OK, Heyes, come on. Jump down. Hey, what about me? Stay right where you are. Come on. Get out. Harry, it won't work. Now, I've seen that Bank it can't be robbed. Not by me. Five minutes of looking told me that. But now you Heyes... see all you need is just a little incentives. It couldn't possibly find any. See I knew you'd show a certain measure of resistance. That's why I came up with this... I hate to use the word scheme anymore. Janet you tell him. You're going back with Harry. He'll stay here with us. After you rob the bank... we'll let him go. But if for some reason you don't... we'll kill him! That's what Harry had in mind, when he mentioned incentive. You see the girls are gonna take the Kid someplace that I don't know anything about. I mean, you can get the drop on me... you could beat me bloody... but I wouldn't really matter. 'Cause I couldn't tell you where to find him even if I wanted to. Harry, we're wasting time. The first national is a brand-new foolproof Bank, Harry. It's got one of those brand-new foolproof safes in it too, Harry. I know I've seen it. It's a Pierson Hamilton 1878. There you are! That's the latest the absolute latest! Most of them I can open by fooling with the tumblers, but they fixed the tumblers. They fixed everything. It's so strong you can't even blow it with nitro. Why do you think we quit, Harry? The banks they are building today are unrobbable. It's all been figured out by real geniuses. Business has changed, Harry. They've passed us by. Oh, you're lying Kid. You're both lying. You see the reason I came up with this idea instead of just turning you in for the reward money is that I found out that just a year and a half ago you two robbed the Merchants Bank in Denver. And you remember what was inside, boys? A brand-new Pearson Hamilton 1878. I've been thinking about the bank. Yeah so have I. What about it? Suppose I try my best and... you know fail...? Will I get any points for effort? You do... but the Kid doesn't. He'll be dead... and that's no joke. Where is he? I don't know. Where is he? Tell me! I know... I'll beat it out of you! I don't... I...I don't...I don't... I turn you into pulp! You can't and it wouldn't do any good! Yes, stop - you're killing me! I'll stop, when you told me! I can't...I don't know! Where are they taking him? Whoa, boy, whoa. Not exactly the Taj Mahal, isn't it? One way or another you won't be here long. Lorry, I get the distinct impression that your sister doesn't like me. She's not my sister. All right. Down. Want some help? Thank you. Nice to know somebody cares. Inside! That's your last victim? Just go inside. This is the last time, Harry! I don't...I don't... Can...kill me...any good... You're stupid! You're an idiot! I can't do it! I can't rob it even if I wanted to! It takes special equipment, but your stuffs no good. It just won't work! I'll get you the equipment. Where you gonna get me a Bryant pump? A what? A Bryant pump! It's an air pump. The only way you can blow a Pierson & Hamilton is to use a Bryant pump. You gotta create a vacuum. I'll get you your pump. I'll get you everything you need. But that's the last time we ever go swimming together. Now, that's what I call a fantastic view. Can you hear that, Heyes? Listen to it! That money in there is alive... and it's whispering... come get me...come get me... Please, no more. But you haven't half-finished. Believe me, I've finished. It's not your cooking Lorry, it's just a menu. Well, you're just gonna have to get accustomed to it, because to tell you the truth... that's all we've got. One large can, Red Seal putty...quick-dry? Yeah, there are two kinds of this. Make sure you get the quick-dry. One roll of safety fuse. One box of blasting caps. Ten ounces of nitroglycerin. If I were you Harry, I wouldn't jiggle it too much. One alarm clock? You expect to go to sleep on the job? This whole thing depends on timing. One minute too soon, one minute too late... we might as well forget it. I've reached a conclusion. The conclusion is...I don't believe you! I bet your weight in gold Harry knows where we are. He didn't want to know. He was afraid to know... and that's the truth. No...well, it...better not be, because Heyes might just kill him, trying to find out. That's a risk Harry was willing to take. All right... if Harry doesn't know where we are how is he gonna find us after the banks robbed? I'll worry about that Mr. Curry. You just try to behave yourself. Lorry would you do me a favor? If anyone ever looks like they're in trouble and I start to help... would you hit me over the head, please? Don't make it sound so noble. You're here because you wanted easy money and lonely women. I dangled the bait, and you went for it like a hungry coyote. Hold it right there. There's no need for that... Oh, really? You look like you were gonna sneak out on me. Harry... we're gonna have to start trusting each other or this deal just will not work. I was going across the street to pipe the bank. Oh good. I'll come with you then... Sorry... your job is getting the stuff on the list. And Harry... please don't sleep like that anymore. You'll able to have an accident. Well, am I allowed to ask where she's going? You're allowed to ask... but I'm not allowed to tell you. Well... ...here we are... just the three of us. Why don't you sit down at the table? All snug in our little cottage... ...a broken window and leaky roof... rotten floor. How'd you ever find this place? If you sit down... I'll tell you. I know it looks pretty awful now... but I walked on these floors when they weren't rotten... and I looked through that window when it sparkled like crystal. This was yours? Mine and my husband's. That's his grave out there. That's right. Janet said your husband died. Did she tell you how? No. I killed him, Curry. I shot him...while he was bent over tying his colt skin boots... ...and if you do... one thing... just one inch out of the ordinary... I'll shoot you, too. Red Sealed putty...quick-dry. 50 feet of safety fuse...your favorite color and one monitor alarm clock. Let me see that. And a canvas cabin bag. Biggest they make. I figured to get real size to hold all that loot. If we get it. What do you mean. if we get it? I don't see any pump. Where is the pump? I'll get you your pump! While you're at it, add this. What's this? It's a bar spreader, Harry. Any good blacksmith will make you one. Providing you're not stupid enough to tell him what you're gonna use it for. Heyes, I may be a lot of things but not stupid. Before this thing is over, you're gonna find that out. You're really an awful liar Lorraine, you know that? Come on, tell me the truth. The grave came with the house, didn't it? You decide. I could kill you, Heyes. You can't see me, but I see you! And that bush ain't gonna do you no good. Alright! I surrender! You shouldn't have followed me. You sneak off in the middle of the night like that? I figured you're up to something just like this. I just wanted a coordinate a few details, that's all. Come on Harry, you're gonna hit me by mistake. You've got 10 seconds Heyes to throw that gun down. And I just passed five. There you go countin' again. All right, all right! Here. All right. You get back on your horse and you get out of here. Come on, move! You're no fun at all, Harry. Open up, Heyes, it's me. Here. Since when we are locking doors? Since we started collecting equipment. Here, take this. It's only four ounces of nitro. That's all I could get. That's plenty. The spreader is being made. At the time it's finished I'll have you your pump. While you're looking for it, you better buy me another clock. Knocked it over and broke it last night. Following you out. Now, you're trying to make this as hard as you can, aren't you? The clock is nothing Harry. You're worry about getting the pump. If you don't find it, there won't be any job. Well, then you better start worrying about your friend Curry. No job and he's dead. Then I'll just have to settle for the reward money. See Heyes, it's just like I told you. It's all been figured. You're like a little old mouse in a tunnel. And the only daylight... ...is across the street in that Pierson & Hamilton vault. Could I have the key? Lorry, all right longer I'm around you, the harder it is for me to understand. What? How someone like you could get mixed up with Harry Wagner. I thought you changed your opinion about me? Because of your husband? You looked pretty shocked when I told you. Lorry, I know a lot of husbands that deserve to be shot. You're sweet, Curry. What are you after? Me? No, just more food. Well, it's taken a while. But I think I've grown accustomed to it. Oh hey, what's the use? I might as well tell you... It's not the truth about my husband. I mean, I didn't do it. The man I ran off with killed him. What, Harry? Oh no, he's in love with Janet... and she's in love with him, too. I mean, really in love. I don't think there's anything she wouldn't do for him. I think that's so beautiful, don't you? Yeah, that's beautiful. I was working in a dance hall... the Silver Doll. That's where I met Janet, too. My, you've had a full life, haven't you? You don't know the half of it. You want me to shock you again? I really doubt that you could. The bank robbery was my idea. Harry just loved it. He thought it was a grand thing to do - 'till he saw the vault. Well, I guess we would have just been finished if it hadn't been for you. All right, here we are. What now? Now, I'll tell ya... my head is a lot harder than your soft pretty face in rank. I swear, I'll use it. I'll beat you with it like a club, if you don't untie my hands. Now! That's what you wonder what we're doing. Your pump. And that Mr. Heyes, completes the list. I think, we're ready to do that little job ...tonight. C'mon. Here she goes. You got it? Yup. Pull the shade. Excuse me sir, I hope you don't mind helping us rob your bank. Heyes... that's pretty clever. Uh, what gorgeous piece of engineering. I almost hate to touch it. Come on, will you hurry up. You ever puttied a window before? You have to talk so loud? All right! You gotta make sure that no air gets in whatsoever - we've got to seal it tight. Start putting it down - the seams. Look outside, see who'll is. What worries me Harry, is they're gonna know exactly who did this. How? A P'n'H seventy-eights is only been blown once before. and that was Denver year and a half ago. When you know that... the law knows that I did it and they know exactly how I did it. What's the difference Heyes? You're wanted anyway. Oh, a big difference, Harry. It could change my entire future. I wish I could take that off... but Janet says it's your mouth that got you in trouble. Curry... do you think I'm pretty? Harry, set it for 40 minutes from now. Why 40? That's how long takes the putty to harden. All right. It's set for 40. Where do I put it? Just keep it in your hands, stay there by the window and watch the alley. Curry... I didn't tell you the truth about... working in a dance hall. It was more like... a saloon. Janet... well she...she was sort of my boss. She's a very educated lady. Finishing school and everything. Guess, she just about taught me everything I know. Set it for 16 minutes. Why? It's how long it takes to pump the air out of this safe Remember, I told you we had to create a vacuum? How do you know, it'll only takes 16 minutes? Mathematics, Harry. There's a formula for everything. All right. Here, it's set. Oh, you hold it. That's fine with me. You can do the pumping. You look like you need a little exercise anyway. Put some muscle into it, Harry. You wanted to be a bank robber. Now, the fun begins. Careful. Now, you hold the funnel up while I pour the nitro. Who told you how to do all of this? Well, this is one of my schemes. Harry. The last, I hope. By the way if vacuum sucks the Nitro in this whole thing might blow up. What? Now wait a minute... Easy... Wait a minute Heyes - are you sure there's not a better way to do this? This is the only way. You want me to stop? Why the devil didn't you tell me about this? I just did! This is another reason why I left the business. What do you want me to do? I want you to be careful! I'll try. You'll just stop shaking. I think, I'll shock you one more time. Janet's my mother. She had me which was 15. She's doing all this just for me and that's the truth for a change. The bank... was her idea. Can't you pour that stuff faster? I could, but I don't think you'd like the results. Harry, there's one thing you haven't told me. How do I find the Kid? I told you... when I get this money now. Would, you watch what you're doing? Easy... move. This is it, Harry. Now it's gone. Oh, that's beautiful. It's drawing right into the vault. It's all gone. Hold it. Give me a blasting cap and some fuse. How much fuse? Just give me the whole role. Here is a cap. Here's a fuse. Hold this. All right. Let's go! Wait... we gotta take this. You want it to blow up with you over there? No need. You know any prayers, Harry? No, I work robbing banks. Heyes, you were beautiful! But don't get upset. Just a little precaution. Here's a note. I'd simply say that everything worked out just fine. You give that to Janet and she'll take you out of the Kid. And how do I find Janet? You keep riding straight down that road there and she'll find you. I repeat, Heyes! You were beautiful! Ay, here they come! What's the matter with him? He talks too much. Oh, c'mon. Did you do it? He most certainly did. Any trouble? No. I hate to admit it but it went smoother than Denver. We've kept our promise. You're free to go. Yeah, my problems just begin. Can't we get that money back, here there goes our amnesty, 'cause they know I did the job! Janet, you gonna tell us where your boyfriend is. I wouldn't tell you, even if I knew. Then Harry's dead, Janet, and the money's gone. You see, I made a bomb. Got a blasting caps and gunpowder and I sewed it in the bottom of the money bag. Heyes... you're genius. Heyes, you're bluffing! I wired the bomb to an alarm clock, that Harry thought I broke. I set it to go out four hours from now which I figure there's plenty of time for us to get to him. Is he bluffing? When, it's easy enough to find out. Without them. Oh, I'm the only one who can disarm the bomb without it blowing up. I'll give you five minutes to make up your mind. Then we're leaving. Give her your guns. Don't shoot Harry, it's us. Janet, have you gone crazy? There's a time bomb in the bag with the money! He put it there! I gave you credit for brains. I know, I know they could be lying but I couldn't take that chance! Anyway, we've got them covered. But you brought him here, to me and the money. It's nothing, but a Hannibal Heyes bluff! You haven't got much time, Harry. It's a dirty rotten bluff! You just put your ear to the bottom of that bag and listen hard. You'll hear the clock, that I told you I broke. Janet, you keep him covered! You better hurry! And Harry, don't fool with that bag it'll trigger the bomb. You're running out of time, Harry! Harry, he's the only one that can disarm it! If you don't make up your mind quick... both you and the money you're gonna get blown to bits. Harry, I'm trying to save your life. You don't have time! You know Kid... I guess, I got to worrying so much about ruin all that money... that I just forgot to stick in any blasting powder. Evenin' Deputy Harper... I'm about to make a hero put of you! How's that? You're gonna lock up the people who robbed the First National. I am? A man and two ladies. We just got them before sundown. My partner's bringing them in. Who are you Mister? Name's Joshua Smith. Partner's name is Jones. Work for Sheriff Lom Trevors. Lom Trevors? Up in Porterville? Oh, I just got to tell you one thing though first. My partner and me, now... I don't know how this ever happened... but we resemble two notorious outlaws, you got him on your board right up here. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Our prisoners they're threatening to say to you that... we're Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry. You thinking of anything ridiculous as that, us bringing in money and all here. Here they are, Deputy. And... here's the money. Look at all that money! Sheriff... you look like a smart man. Don't let these two leave! That one over there is Kid Curry and the one back of you is Hannibal Heyes. Sure, Mister. If I had a beard, I'd be President Grant. Now, get in that cell. Come on all three. Get! Get it out smarter you looked at me. You know, I'm thinking I've seen them three hanging around town weeks. I can see, you don't miss much, Deputy. Yeah. terrible thing is, if you'd waited a few days... the bank would have put out a reward on this. Oh, that don't matter none, Deputy. Goodbye. I sure don't know how to thank you fellas that really... That's just part of our job. Yeah. Well, we'll be getting out. Okay. Hey, say hello to Sheriff Travors for me, now. Yeah. You stupid idiot! You just let $20,000 walk right out that door. Mister, I'm gonna ask you just one question... you can answer it yes or no... ...deal? What? Would Kid Curry and Hannibal Heyes hand over the loot from a bank robbery to a sheriff? Yes or no? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 