Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 13 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e13 - Everything Else You Can Steal - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 13 - Everything Else You Can Steal - full transcript 
 Blackjack Jenny, an honest middle-aged card dealer, meets our boys in New Mexico and asks them to keep a lookout for her son, who wrote her from the town saying he had a big score of some kind. When the letters stopped, she suspected the big score involved something illegal and that something bad happened to him. Both scenarios are true: the son and a partner, posing as Heyes and Curry, were tricked by a bank executive into posing as Heyes and Curry. When the executive (the banker's son-in-law) was able to figure out the combination to the safe, he then murdered them both. The executive has a girlfriend on the side, a restaurant waitress, whom Heyes and Curry try to charm into getting information on the impostors. Ends with a rather chilling description of vigilante justice as the only solution. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You're late. What took you so long? I was involved in a poker game and I was winning. Took me a little while to convince other players that... I had something more important to do. All right, get off your horses. I'll tell you why you're here. Is something wrong? No. I just want the boys to know your job here is finished. Well, I don't understand. We ain't done nothing yet - just hung around town. You saying, you know... 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 we're not gonna be doing the job? That you're not gonna pay us? I said you already done the job! Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two latter-day Robin Hoods very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. So, all we've got to do is just stay out of trouble 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. Now Heyes, sometimes I wonder if it'd really be so bad getting caught, being locked up in the Wyoming Territorial Prison. What made you arrive at that brilliant thought? It's easy: for 20 years we wouldn't have to climb into a saddle and ride a horse. I was hoping that you would come up with a bright side to our situation. You didn't... Yeah, what do we do first? Check out the sheriff's office? Or take the horses to the livery stable? Now, I don't want to think about it. I just want to sit here and not think about it. Kid? Huh? I don't know how to break this to you... We're about to climb back into those saddles. What do we do? We're gonna go to that town. Now. I got a better idea, Heyes. Why don't we just turn ourselves in? Heyes, you believe in omens? Huh? What do you mean? Sheriff Coffin? Well, only good omens. Come on... Let's go get a drink first. You know how I feel about Sheriff's offices. This is the one Sheriff's office west of the Mississippi you and I can walk in like a pair of Texas Rangers. Let's go get a drink first. Let's go get a drink second. Come on! Sheriff Coffin? Yeah, that's me. My name is Joshua Smith, this is my partner, Thaddeus Jones. We're bounty hunters. Well... that's one way to make a living - if you ain't too particular. Oh, we just didn't have no choice, Sheriff - after we got done shooting all the buffalo. And we was on the trail of Hannibal Heyes an' Kid Curry up north - about 300 miles north - when we heard that they'd robbed a bank down here in your town. Yeah, they did that sure enough. They got away with over $100,000. What makes you so sure they were Heyes and Curry? We were certainly around their trail up north. Yeah, 300 miles north. Well, I'm certain you wasn't on their trail up north 'cause they was here, robbing our bank! Sheriff, just why is it that you're so certain? Is there somebody here in town who knows 'em? All right. There is somebody here in town, who got drunk with him one night and they identified themselves to him. And they fit the description of Heyes and Curry you got over there on your posters? Of course, they do! In fact, when I found out who they was, I tell you I was sick ashamed of myself I didn't spot them right off. Yeah. Well, I guess we was on a cold trail. You got any idea where they might have headed? No. No, they... robbed the bank in the middle of the night and then just took off. We sent a posse after looking, but... those fellas are professionals. They didn't leave no trail. One more thing, sheriff. Can you tell us who it was that identified 'em? Nope. Why not? Because the person that did that - before they ever identified 'em - made me promise that I wouldn't tell. That person was afraid of what might happen to 'em. Yeah, yeah, I see. But we're huntin' Heyes an' Curry. Now, if you told us it might help us. I mean, in confidence. Your bounty hunters? Go hunt your bounty. Oh... by the way um... the Bank is offering $10,000 for 'em, if you return the money. That makes 'em worth $30,000. Not if I get my hands on 'em. They ain't gonna be worth 30 cents! Oh, that's the spirit, sheriff. Yeah. Thanks a lot sheriff, for your help. All right, that does it. There goes our amnesty. Whoever they were, they're gonna be in Mexico by now. You know I'm short of going back in there to the sheriff's office and telling him we're Heyes an' Curry - there ain't a thing we can do about it. We have lost any chance for an amnesty. Yeah... No. There's got to be something we can do... Oh, yeah. Yeah, sure. We get a hold of some money and get down to South America. No. No, we're go get a drink first. Then we go to South America. Oh yeah, it's probably like the sheriff's office - the one saloon west of the Mississippi we can walk into like a pair of Texas Rangers. Boys! Jenny! Boys... Hey, what are you doing here! How are you! And where were you? Terrible, but feeling better now that you're here. I'm Joshua Smith and the Kid is Thaddeus Jones. Smith and Jones... you couldn't do any better than that!? Well, Lom Trevor's came up with the names - and when Lom says something we just nod. But what's the difference? I'm just glad to see you two! So you're doing here? Hey, Jenny! Finish this deal! I think I got you beat! Yeah, I'm coming. Listen, listen. I'll close the table. And you come to my room later. I gotta talk to you two. Jenny where you staying? The Touchstone Hotel. I only got here three days ago myself. I think you're here for the same reason I am! So you're in Touchstone 'cause Heyes an' Curry didn't rob that bank, huh? Sounds like you knew that before we showed up, Jenny. I did. How? Well, just what are you doing here then? Trying to find out who did rob the bank. Or kiss our amnesty goodbye. Hey... Jenny? What's the matter? You remember Billy? Of course, I remember Billy. He looks something like you, Kid. Corn-colored hair, blue eyes, remember? Well, Billy and a friend of his, Caleb Willis, come down here about a month ago. They are the ones that claimed was Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry. But they didn't rob that bank neither. That safe wasn't blown, it was opened the way you'd do it Heyes - working the combination. Those kids couldn't have done that to save their lives... Billy wrote me a letter - saying he and Caleb was onto something real good down here. Did he say what? No, but I got the feeling it wasn't something real good. I don't think you can prove who robbed that Bank here. I think Billy's dead... Caleb too... What makes you think that, Jenny? It's five weeks since I got that last letter. Billy never even went 2 weeks without sending me some lines you know, telling me he's all right and what he's doing. And if he don't have time he sends me a telegraph - he's been doing that three or four years now as regular as clockwork. Maybe they're just down in Mexico, Jenny... No. Well, they got mail offices in Mexico telegraph lines, too. No, Billy's dead. I know he's dead. Come down here to do something he didn't want to tell me about. Someone killed him. Else I'd 've heard from him long before now. That's why I set up my table. I deal the cards... I ask a question or two... listen... No answers yet... but I'm not leaving here 'till I find out what happened to my boy. That makes three of us, Jenny. Excuse me, sir. We'd like to see the owner. I'm the assistant manager. Can I help you? Well, I'm sorry, but it's very urgent that we see the owner. Could you just tell me what it's about? Mr. Blodgett is a very busy man. It's about the robbery of his bank. We have some important information for him. Well, that's different. I'm sure Mr. Blodgett is most anxious to talk to you. Excuse me. Thank you. Come in, please. Thank you. You've got exactly five minutes. What can I do for you? My name is Joshua Smith and we're here to do something for you, Mr. Blodgett. This is my partner, Thaddeus Jones. Sit down, sit down. My assistant manager tells me you have information about the robbery. What is it? Before we tell you that... are you offering a reward for the capture of Heyes and Curry? I'm offering a reward for the return of my money. Curry and Heyes are incidental. How big a reward? $10,000 - that's 10% of what Heyes and Curry got away with. That's very generous, sir. But Heyes and curry didn't get away with it. What's that? We're professional bounty hunters, Mr. Blodgett. We've been on the trail of Heyes and Curry for almost a year now. They were in Colorado when your bank was robbed. I'm afraid you're very much mistaken. Oh, no we're not. I just looked at your safe out there, it's a Pierson & Hamilton 78. We happen to know that Hannibal Heyes spent an entire night once trying to open a P&H; 78 ...in Denver. But he couldn't. You see the makers of that safe built those tumblers so quiet you can't open one by manipulation. Hannibal Heyes finally had to blow it with nitro. It's all a matter of public record. What are you getting at? What we're getting at is we think somebody here in the bank who knows a combination robbed it. That's what we're getting at. Not even my assistant manager - who also happens to be my son-in-law, knows that combination. There's nobody in this bank who knows that combination, but me! What are you saying of that? Well, I guess we'd say that you robbed your own bank, Mr. Blodgett. You better get out of here, and get out fast! It's the way you feel about it. Telling us to leave doesn't change our professional opinion. Just a minute. I happen to be a deacon in the Baptist Church. I'm also a faithful husband, the father of 3 fine daughters and a very wealthy man! And you dare to come in here and tell me that I would rob my own bank!? Pardon you, Mr. Blodgett, now we owe you an apology. You don't sound like a man who would rob his own bank. We'd like to make you a deal: If you would tell us who identified those two fellows as Heyes and Curry we'll figure you're willing to cooperate with us and you're not trying to hide anything. What makes you think I know who identified them? Because you're a very wealthy man and a deacon in the Baptist Church and it was your bank that got robbed. So, we know you know. But I promised Sheriff Coffin I wouldn't reveal that information. Look you want your money back, right? We're gonna get it back for you, but you've got to help us by telling us who identified those thieves as Heyes and Curry. Mr. Blodgett, if you don't help us we're gonna go over to the saloon and start telling people exactly why we think it was an inside job. That would be slander and I'd have you thrown in jail! Then we'd all be in trouble, wouldn't we? We want to help you but we can't do it if you won't help us. I'd certainly like to get my money back. You seem to be able and resourceful men. If I tell you you got to promise me one thing in return. That you'll never say who told you who identified those two. You got our solemn oath on that. All right, she's a very nice lady. She works in the restaurant across the street. She's a waitress. Name is Louise Carson. What's the specialty of the house? Beef stew. What else you got? More beef stew. You know, I think I'll have some beef stew. Good thinking. Make it two. She's innocent. Of what? Everything! A girl looks like that couldn't be involved in anything worse than a bundling party. Kid, did you mother think you were perfect? Matter of fact, she did. Did yours? Yeah. But yours was wrong. Anything to drink? Coffee's still hot. No, no, thank you, but we would like to talk to you. There's nobody here but us, can you sit down? What do you want to talk about? Sit down, we'll tell you. It's important, Louise. You know my name. Who are you? We're bounty hunters. We're on the trail of two of the most vicious criminals in the West - Kid Curry and that other fella. Hannibal Heyes is that other fellas name. Oh, they're the two that robbed the bank here. We understand they hung around for a couple of weeks and they ate here regular. Yeah, they did. Did you talk to 'em much? A little. Did they ever say anything that might help us get on their trail? Find 'em? No, no, they were just nice, pleasant young men. Hannibal Heyes and what's-his-name were nice Pleasant young men!? Yes. They seemed to be. Louise, don't go. You left out something important. Which one of them got drunk and told you who they were? Told me? Louise, we're bounty hunters. That puts us on the same side of the fence as the sheriff. He told us what you told him. The sheriff had no right to tell you that. That's true. The sheriff didn't tell us. He kept his promise to you. All right, now that you've tricked me into telling you, I'd like to go. I have work to do in the kitchen. Louise, those two fellas weren't Heyes and Curry. We were tracking Heyes and Curry up in Colorado when the bank was robbed. But that's who they said they were! Which one said it? Caleb White - they were calling themselves Billy Black and Caleb White. Caleb was the dark-haired one. He came in one night - terribly drunk and tried to... make love to me. I let him walk with me to my rooming house. I guess I hoped the cold air might clear his head. Anyway, walking me home...he told me. That he was Hannibal Heyes and that Billy Black was really Kid Curry. And then a few days later they robbed the bank? I don't know. But they did leave town the night it was robbed. You know, if you say they weren't Heyes and Curry, I believe you. They never seemed like vicious outlaws to me. If you'll excuse me, I've got work to do. Kid, she could be innocent - Just someone who got used - but she's all we got. We've to see what she's gonna do about us, if anything. We will watch her? Yeah. Around the clock? Uh-huh. Who's gonna take the night shift? Call it. Well? Anything happened? Nothing I care to talk about. The girl went home, she went in front door, she turned on the light - second room, back bedroom, 2nd floor. An hour later the light went off and I sat and watched both doors - front and back. Nine hours later, she came out the front door and she went to the cafe where she is right now, ready to put in a 12-hour day and serve you a nice breakfast. Myself I'm gonna sleep for eight hours. Well boys, the cards are running against me and I think I'll just close up the table for a while. Hey, that ain't fair, Jenny! Well, Mr. Jones, mighty nice of you to buy lady a drink - especially when she needs one! It's my pleasure, ma'am. And I'm Smith - the Kid is Jones. Do you mean it makes a difference? Smith, I'd like a word with you! You see? It does. Excuse me. How come you and your partner are still in town? Alike you said - they didn't leave no trail. Expected to find one in this saloon? You never know. I don't think I can stand to wait another day! We have to. What's got you so upset? Ken, two bounty hunters came to the cafe... I saw them. They talked to my father-in-law. By the way, where is your partner? Oh, he's asleep. He's had a problem with that lately. They're probably just what they claim to be - bounty hunters trying to make sure it was Curry and Heyes. They can't prove anything they can't even guess anything. You said just the right things to 'em - there's nothing to worry about. Do we have to wait? ...so she's all we got to go on. If nothing comes of it by tomorrow the Kid and I are thinking about borrowing some money from Soapy or Diamond Jim Guffy and going to South America. South America! Are you two - can't even speak South American - you wouldn't last two weeks down there. I haven't done any better here than you have - but I'm not ready to quit tomorrow! Six months from now the robbery 'll be forgotten and we can do everything just the way we planned it. Well come on, you cow pokes! If you can count 21 you can take all I got! And I got plenty! Come on, put your money. What are you doing? How'd you like to take Louise Carson on a picnic Saturday? Heyes, are you all right? All right? I'm better than all right, I'm brilliant! I got it! What is it you got? The answer. In the middle of the night? I do my best thinking in the middle of the night. I thought of the Hanford job in the middle of night, remember? Heyes, I got shot in the leg on that job and it netted us $73. Remember? The idea was good. Blake's married to the banker's oldest daughter, right? Right. Probably looks like her father. Wrong. That's impossible. What did Blake do? He falls in love with the prettiest girl in town, Louise Carson. That's possible. Okay... Will I have to spell out the rest of it for you? Just to save time. I need my sleep. Blake wants Louise. But he doesn't want to give up the Blodgett money. So he steals some of it, but he's too smart to steal it and run, see? So, he finds two gullible young cowpokes who sort of looked like those notorious outlaws Hannibal Heyes and what's-his-name. Got it? No. Blake doesn't know the combination. Ah, Kid you work in a bank and you're related to the one man that does know the combination how long would it take you to pick it up? A number here a number there...? That makes me feel very bad, Heyes. Bad!? That would mean Jenny's right: Billy's dead. Blake killed him. Well... maybe Blake did give him some of that loot and sent him to Mexico. Oh sure, if that's true, then how come Jenny hasn't heard from Billy? No, no, no. If you're right, that means that Blake brought 'em down here, kept 'em around for a couple of weeks... and then shot 'em and buried 'em when he opened the safe. You know your brilliant idea also means that Louise Carson's part of a cold-blooded murder. And I don't like that either. In fact, I don't believe it. I don't either. But it's still a brilliant idea. They aren't bluffing! They suspect me, I know it! All right, all right, go with them! Maybe they think you're involved with Billy and Caleb - which makes no difference! Let them think! I'm afraid! Why do they want me to go someplace where I'll be alone with them? Sweetheart, I'll be there, I'll be there close by. Now we got to know what they suspect. Wear your yellow scarf and if it's as bad as you think, take it off. What would you do? Change our plans. Now you're safe: nobody will know you're involved, because you weren't. But...what those fellows had guessed about me... Well, I'll have to get out fast. I'll go to Veracruz and wait for you there. I see, the worst that can happen is we'll be forced to do what you've been wanting to do - leave now. That's the first time I've seen you smile today. I was afraid you'd brought me out here to... I don't know...question me? Or even accuse me of something? We brought you out here to help you. You think I need help? Why? Because you could be in serious trouble, Louise. Even more serious than you know. What are you talking about? We know about you and your friend, Kenneth Blake. And just what is there to know? Louise, I followed you the other night - when you met him at that house. And I was there the next time you met. So, I don't see why it's... any business of yours that I...happen to fall in love with a married man. Oh, it wouldn't be - if it stopped there. But it doesn't. Curry and Heyes - or whoever those two were - didn't rob that bank. Your friend Blake did. How can you say an insane thing like that? Because there's no way to open a Pierce & Hamilton 78 by manipulating the tumblers. Heyes tried it in Denver in '79 and again in Kingsburg about 10 weeks ago. Both times he had to use nitro. If Hannibal Heyes can't do it, nobody can. So, it had to be Blodgett or his son-in-law, and it wasn't Blodgett. You're bluffing and making wild guesses just because you saw me meeting Kenneth Blake. If you accuse me of meeting him, I'll deny it! People of Touchstone like me and they like Ken. No one will believe you! Louise, I said we brought you out here to help you. What do you think happened to Billy and Caleb? I don't know what you mean. Yes, you do. Blake paid 'em to come into town and just hang around, right? And then he said he'd give 'em some of the stolen money if they just disappear someplace like maybe Mexico? But he didn't do that. He told you that, but he was lying. He killed them. You'll say anything to turn me against him, won't you? I can prove it! We found the graves! We found Billy and Caleb's bodies... We guessed you didn't know about that part of Blake's plans... looks like we guessed right. Is it the truth...? Really the truth? It's the truth. Caleb and Billy are dead? We could tell the sheriff what we've seen and found but we'd rather you do. Why? Well... if we do then you'll be arrested and tried right along with Blake. but if you tell him, you'll be in the clear. I can't! I can't just turn him in. Did he think about you when he involved you in murder? Louise, you owe yourself something but you don't owe Blake a thing. But I love him... or at least I... I fell in love with him a year ago... and we decided to go away together. I didn't know he robbed a bank 'till he asked me to tell the sheriff that story - about Caleb getting drunk and saying they were Heyes and Curry. That's when Ken told me he'd given 'em some money and set 'em to Mexico. Are Billy and Caleb really dead? Yeah. Dead. Murdered. We'll show you the graves if you want us to. All right... I'll go to the sheriff and tell him what I know. Well, just as I was beginning to win this game, I get customers! All right. What's wrong? Well, we don't know for sure yet, Jenny, but... you may be right about Billy and Caleb. We think you are. What'd you find out? I can't tell you tonight, Jenny. Why not? 'Cause we're gonna let somebody else tell the sheriff. In fact, the whole story be out by now, except the sheriff had to take a couple of drunken soldiers to Fort Briggs. But you do know who robbed the bank? Yes. And did he use Billy and Caleb to cover himself? That's right. But who was it? Wait till morning, huh? Was it Blodgett? Come on, was it Blodgett? Did he rob his own bank? Wait till morning. Jenny, it wasn't Blodgett. Then it was that pretty son-in-law of his. Just wait till morning, huh, Jenny? Oh, oh Jimmy! Come to get your money back, huh? Sure gonna try. Excuse me. Better luck than we did, fellas. Here. Well, you'll have to try harder than you did last night. "Mr. Blodgett, we found out that stealing made us feel bad we brung back your money it is in the house you're trying to sell. We're sorry we've done it" What's that? Oh... "and sorry we blamed it on H. Heyes and K. Curry. Signed Billy Black and Caleb White." You suppose it's to some kind of crank note? Sure sounds like. We better have a look-see. Hey! Hey you! Bounty hunters! Can you come over here for a minute!? I think you might be interested in this. Hunt's over, fellas! Here it is! This is it! It seems to be all here. Oh, praise the Lord, you gentlemen were right! It couldn't have been Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry! Hey, they brung the money back! The thieves brung the money back! Miss Carson, we've got something important to discuss with you. Can you step out here? So, you decided to do it in your own peculiar way, huh? Yes, I did. Why? The money's been returned, hasn't it? Yes, but that doesn't answer his question. I think it does. I don't believe in killing. How's that? I don't believe, anyone has the right to kill. If Kenneth Blake murdered Caleb and Billy, then he did a hideous unforgivable thing and he'll be punished for it. But I'm not going to help the Territory of New Mexico kill him. I saw Kenneth last night and told him he had to return the money and clear Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry or I'd go to the sheriff. So you're gonna make us go to the sheriff, huh? No, because I don't think you will, Mr. Smith. I may be a woman, but women have minds and used them frequently. You won't go to the sheriff. You left the whole thing up to me and I could have warned Ken or even run off with him, because you really aren't on the same side of the fence as the sheriff. You didn't really care what Kenneth did, as long as Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry weren't blamed for robbing a bank they didn't rob. Is what I'm saying clear to you? I'm not sure. Now, we'll work it out, eventually. Good. There's a train out of here at 2:40 today. Will you be on it, Mr. Heyes? Mr. Curry? I mean you've done what you came here to do, haven't you? Louise. We decided that you wouldn't warn Blake, or run off with him either. We were very clear about that. I suppose, I should take that as a compliment, but I'm not feeling very proud of myself right now. Seeing us off, Louise? I have a sister in Yuma. She says I can find work there. Maybe even a husband. Does she have any particular husband in mind? All right. I deserve that - Even if I did have an excuse: I fell very much in love with a married man. I won't make that mistake again. Sorry, I should've said that: All three of us are trying to not make the same mistake again. I'm glad to hear that - I mean about you two. At least I won't have you on my conscience. Just Kenneth Blake. And if Blake is on our conscious, too - and you're the only one that can help us out with that. Now we talked to Blodgett about changing the combination of his safe - he's got to do that... Isn't that Jenny walking towards the bank? Jenny! What happened...? She come in, sashayed over to Ken Blake, said somethin' - bang - she shot 'em. What'd she say to him? Well, nobody heard except Blake and he won't be tellin' killed him deader 'n a fly in molasses. She was Billy's mother. Louise, you can't leave now. She's gonna need you. If you testify for her, tell the truth about what happened... there's no jury around here that's gonna find her guilty. You talked to Blake last night. Did he admit he'd killed Billy and Caleb? Yes, he said he did it for me. So we'd be safe. So no one would ever know. Louise, you've gotta stay. You're a first-hand witness, Louise. We're secondhand witnesses. We lied to you about finding those graves. I'll stay. Goodbye, Louise. You know something? I'm really happy, I was right about you. Goodbye. Jenny's her name. She's an old friend. She'll understand why we had to leave. Goodbye. I'll be going to Yuma when I can. If you've ever out that way would you look me up? We will. That's a promise. Hey Kid, how much would a headstone cost? That's like asking me how much would a horse cost. Depends on the headstone. What you've got in mind? Oh, this one's gonna have a few words carved on it. Maybe 20 or so. Cost you at least $100. Whose headstone you got in mind? $100? That's not bad: $50 apiece. Apiece? Whose headstone you got mind, Heyes? Oh, our good friend Kenneth Blake - it would say: "The only thing in life you have to earn is love. Everything else you can steal." Heyes, I didn't know you were a poet. I'm not. I stole it. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 