Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e6 - Something to Get Hung About - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 6 - Something to Get Hung About - full transcript 
 Sarah Henderson ran out on her husband and hooked up with Jim Stokely, a charming drifter. Mr. Henderson wants her back, and has hired Smith and Jones to retrieve her. The boys quickly make friends with Stokely, which both helps and hinders them as they try to persuade Sarah that her alcoholic husband has sobered up and is the man she used to love. Sarah decides to give her husband a second chance, and all seems well -- for one night. Then somebody blows Mr. Henderson's head off with a shotgun. Stokely is the obvious suspect -- too obvious for Heyes and Curry to stomach, having been convinced that the man is no killer. So who did do it? With help with a friendly local sheriff who doesn't recognize them, the boys spread the word that they've stolen the murder weapon and plan to have it tested for fingerprints -- hoping the killer will go after the gun. Features a great final shootout (although both the killer and the sheriff seem to fire when their guns should be empty). Ken Lynch's role as another sheriff helped land him the part of Sgt. Grover on "McCloud" the next season. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Here they are, Sheriff. These Hank's friends? Yes, sir. Well... I'm mighty glad to meet up with you, fellas. Yes, sir! Your um...? I'm Smith. Ah. Then you must be Jones. You know I just come back from the Henderson ranch and Hank asked me to look you fellas up and make sure that you're both know 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 you got a friend right here in Amity City. You know if you need any help or... or anything like that at all, well he asked me to take care of you and I want you both to know that I am very happy to oblige. 'Cause any friend old Hank's is more than welcome in this office at any time. Yes, sir! Any time at all. Thank you very much, Sheriff. That's very nice. Oh, it's a pleasure. You all come back again and we'll do our best to make you feel right at home. No need to go that far... We wouldn't want to cause any trouble... Oh no, trouble. No trouble, at all. That's what we're here for - to take care of fellas like you. We know... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We know, that you will do your best. Thank you again, Sheriff. Uh, maybe we could make it for lunch? Ah sure - sometime next week. Or better yet - the week after. We'll see you, Sheriff. Goodbye. So long. Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two latter-day Robin Hoods very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. So all we've got to do is just stay out of trouble until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. I'll need about an hour. You see that he stays put. I'm out. I see your 10 and raise you 10. 20... and... cost you 50, boys. I'm out. Too much for me. I guess it's up to you, Mister...? Jones. Jones. You drew one card, huh? Boy, that's a perfect time for a bluff. I wish, I knew you better. It's give me an idea what to do... You won't find it in my face, friend. They tell me, it never shows. Well, I'm just got to know. So, I call you. You're right. I couldn't see it in your face... Mrs. Henderson? No, I think you've made a mistake. I haven't made a mistake Mrs. Henderson. I have a... picture of you right here. I have a message for you from your husband. Wayne's bet. All right, I'll make it another 20. I'll see you. I'm through. Listen, friend. I... I think it's only fair to tell you. If you're going for a straight, straights and flushes aren't played in stud poker unless it's agreed upon at the beginning in the game. What are you talking about? Oh, it's a rule in Hoyle. Look it up. Don't give me that! We play straights here! Not with me, you don't. I'm waiting for the last card - and nobody's changing the rules on me in the middle of a game. Well, I thought everyone played according to Hoyle. Well, it ain't the way we play it here. Friend, makes me awful nervous when someone draws a gun at a poker table. So, you ought to know two things. At one the gentleman's right. Straights aren't played in stud unless announced in the beginning. And two... I got a gun pointed right at your belly. You better put that thing away before you make me too nervous. Thanks. I'll tell you what. I'll take back my bet and let you draw your card. Let's see, what you would have got. Go on, deal him the last card. Goodbye, friend. Thanks. I like to buy you drink for that. Forget it. Gentlemen... I have to see a lady. But I am grateful and I would like to buy you drink. In fact I insist. All right. Let's make it a fast one. How did you find us? It wasn't easy, ma'am. Took us six weeks. Do you know what the letter says? No, ma'am. He just wanted us to deliver it and bring you home. Do you know my husband well? No, ma'am. We met him and did a little job for him and he liked what we did so he offered us $500 to find you and $500 to bring you back. But only if you were willing. I see. Well, I'll have to think about it, Mr. Smith and if you come back tomorrow at...one o'clock, I'll let you know my decision. Yes, ma'am. Does it matter, if your friend Mr. Stokley is here or not? Oh, I'm sure Mr. Stokley'll be at the saloon playing cards if you come at 1:00. All right, ma'am. I'll come back tomorrow. All right. Goodbye. You think, she'll decide to go back? Oh sure, I told you I've got instincts about women. Once they think it over know they're wanted - BAM! There's no place like home! Well, I hope you're right because that first $500 he paid us is almost gone. Stop worrying about that. All we're gonna do is watch for Stokley. Gentlemen waiting for me? Jim... Jim, I'd like you to meet Joshua Smith. Josh, this is my good friend Jim Stokely. Hi. Yes, I heard all about Mr. Smith. In fact I've heard all about both of you. That appointment with Mrs. Henderson - I think you better forget about it. Oh? Why? Did she change her mind? Yeah, you might say that because we're leaving town today. You're not only not gonna see her, but if you try to follow us again - Well, it just may be a little bad for somebody. Oh, well now, Jim it really is... You kept me nice and occupied yesterday, didn't you, friend? Just enough so old Smith here can go see her. Gentlemen, I... I hope we understand each other. I'm all for understanding, Mr. Stokely. But I do think I should let the lady speak for herself. I guess you boys don't know about me. I - I don't like to remind myself but - I've got a bit of a reputation - much more than I'd like, you know. With cards... with a gun... and I'd sure hate to prove it to you. But prove it, I will - and right now - if you try to see her again! Now Jim, there's no reason to get upset over all this - no reason at all! You know I'm grateful for what you did yesterday. I mean, I really feel friendly to you. But the thing is, he's got to keep that appointment. If you try to stop him, then I'm gonna have to try and stop you. Now, I have no reputation at all - but I am pretty handy with a gun myself. And it'd just be so doggone silly for the two of us to have to draw on each other over - over this. Now, I'm telling you for the last time - he's not gonna see her! Look - suppose I prove to you that I can beat you to the draw. Would that settle it? We just go over the barn and put it to the test right there. That way nobody will get hurt. I beat you, he goes. How's that? If you don't? Oh, I won't go. Well, I never heard of settling things that way before. But... that's the way you want it.... it's a deal. Anytime you're ready, Thaddeus. No, let's make this really fair now. Let him say 'go'. Anything you say. Ready? Go! Yes, I am surprised. I was afraid Mr. Stokely would keep you from coming. I told him you'd been here. Mr. Stokely was a little surprised himself, ma'am. Well I'm glad you came anyway. I decided not to return Mr. Smith, and I've written my husband a letter. Will you see that he gets it? You're not going back? No. I'm real sad to hear that, ma'am. Of course, it's none of my business but... I do know how unhappy your husband is about whatever happened. How much he wants you back. You know the course of true love never runs smooth don't you, ma'am? I mean, but that's no reason why two people should give up just the other day a married couple I know had exactly the same problem as you and... Thank you, Mr. Smith for your interest. Just deliver the letter, if you will. No chance, you will change your mind? But I am sorry you'll be out the other $500. Ma'am, your sorrow doesn't even begin to equal mine. Goodbye. Well? Get packed, she's not going. She's not? She gave me a letter to take to Henderson, and that's it. But you talked to her? Of course, I talked to her! And you explained to her about love and marriage and all like that? How two people got to work it out - and your instincts - and there's no place like home... Will you shut up? What kind of talk is that? I'll take that letter, Smith. Sorry, about the gun, Thaddeus, but you showed me I ain't better. Hand it over... Well now, that wouldn't be very gentlemanly, would it? After all it is private property - and the lady's at that. Let's not argue about it, Smith. I want the letter now! All right, what's going on here? Ah...we were just having a little friendly conversation, Sheriff. Friendly! Looked more like a hold up to me! Oh, no, no. No, we were practicing our fast draw. Yeah, Sheriff - it was just sort of a contest. In the middle of the street? Ah - it was too hot inside. You all say so? Well, yes. Yes sir, that's the way it was. Well, then I guess everything's all right. Except...for my gun - What about it? What about it? Well it, uh... it cost me $30 had perfect balance, feel, everything. Now, look at it! It's ruined! The next time you play games in a public street, just make-believe. Maybe if you... Don't move! Don't talk! Both of you - just - get out of my life, will you please! And I really liked him, too... Yeah. Come on. You know, Kid? If he wanted to see this letter, it means there could be a slight difference of opinion between him and her. Maybe we ought to just open it and find out. Don't seem too gentlemanly to me, Heyes. I might tell us what to do. If they're leaving town, maybe we ought to keep on following them. If we lose 'em now, and go back to Henderson with just this - he'll throw a fit. I don't know, Heyes. It just don't sounds right to me. You think it'd be immoral? Very immoral. Yeah. What's it say? "Dear Henry. If you really meant what you wrote, you would have come yourself instead of sending messengers. When you're ready to do that, perhaps I might believe you. But as it is, I can't. Sarah." Yeah, but she didn't say positively... You're right... so we'll just send this to Henderson - and keep on following 'em. Thanks for coming out, Bob. No trouble, Hank. Have those papers for you in the morning. Good. Got a telegraph for you, Mr. Henderson. "Your wife's now in town of White River, New Mexico. By now you should have her letter. Advise if you want us to stay on job. Smith and Jones, White River Hotel" Any answer? Yeah. You wait here while I write it out. Well, we got our answer. You want to hear? Yeah. "Dear Smith and Jones a man doesn't go crawling after a woman -" "Doesn't" or "don't"? Don't. And with all his money, too... "your job still same as was. See her. Tell her I meant everything I said in letter, but I can't go after her, since she's the one who left. Henderson" Means we're still playing cupid. Yeah. That's what it means all right. Well, what are you laying there for? Come on, let's go. What for? There's nothing we can do tonight. We'll wait till tomorrow until 10. They're probably together. What's that you reading? That's a book I found the drawer over there. Yeah? What is it? 'Life on the Mississippi' by Mark Twain Mark Twain? Yes. Mark Twain. Now, there's an alias if I ever heard one. I wonder what he's wanted for... Jim! Jim! You! You followed us? What did I tell you? Didn't I tell you if you... Where's Smith? Is he with Sarah? Now Jim don't get all excited! Excited! I ought to beat you both to death with my bare hands! Jim, wait a minute. I promised him a half hour... Well, this time he's not gonna get it. Jim, please - I gotta keep you here till he gets back. How? With another fast draw?! Or maybe with the sheriff again?! Or maybe just a shot in the back this time! Jim, I'm warning you. Did you really get that impression? Ma'am, he wants you back in the worst way. Those are the very words he used to me when we last saw him. Oh, it's his pride that's in the way. He's hoping, you'll understand that. But sorry? Ma'am, you've never seen a man as sorry as he is for whatever it is he did you. And that's the truth. Did he tell you what he did? No, ma'am. He didn't confide that to me. My husband's a very loving man... except when he drinks. Which unfortunately he does a great deal... then he becomes hateful. Do you think a man like that can change? Ma'am...any man can want to change... I know that from a personal fact. I believe you do, Mr. Smith. And wanting to is it at least a beginning, isn't it? Oh yes, ma'am...it is a beginning. When's the next train out of town? Four o'clock All right. I'll meet you at the station. How long - have you - been here? Oh, not long. How's it going? I think he's getting tired. Good. Jim! Jim, we don't have to fight anymore! Smith's back! Fine! Would you tell him, we don't have to fight anymore? Tell who? Him! Oh, him! Jim, please - I like you! I like you, too! Hey, Jim. Get up. I got a message for you. Message for me? Yeah, from Mrs. Henderson. You come on up to the room get cleaned up and I'll give it to you, okay? Yeah. Wait a minute. You look terrible. How'd you get so dirty? You know you ought to be ashamed of yourself. Come on. Come on, Jim. How do you feel? Fine! You look great. All right - you keep telling me you got a message? When you gonna give it to me? Oh, right now. Sit down, Jim. Hey, what are you doing?! Well, don't look at me - Nobody ever tells me anything! Tie him up, Thaddeus... What for!? Because Mrs. Henderson is leaving town with us on the 4 o'clock train. And we've only got 10 minutes. She is? So, make it fast. Hope you don't think this is my idea, Jim. I mean, you can see it's not my idea. He gets all the ideas - not me. I really like you. Just... want you to know that. If I ever catch either one of you two I swear to heaven, I'll tear you apart... Hey Jim, don't get yourself all upset. I'll tell you what I'm gonna do. When we get downstairs I'm gonna send the room clerk up here with some lemonade. That way you'll be free. Let's go! Jim, I hope you don't think this is my idea - Will you come on! Hello Sarah... Hello Henry... It's good to see you... It's good to see you... I think I'll go in and freshen up, if you don't mind. Yeah. Come on in, boys. You did a fine job, boys. I can't tell you how grateful I am. There's... there's still one more thing I'd like you to do for me, though. This fella, Stokely - how'd you leave him? Quickly. No, I mean, what was his attitude? Not good. I figured that. So afraid he might come back again. I'd appreciate it if you'd stick around town for a week or so untill I'm sure everything is all right. Would you do that for me, in case I need you? Oh, well... Well, I'd pay you, of course. It'd be an extra 100 in it for you. Oh, it's not the money, Mr. Henderson... ...it's the thought. Yeah. You Joshua Smith? Call you. Hey, yeah. This your partner, Thaddeus Jones? Yeah... Sheriff want's to see you both down at his office. Sorry, gents. Keep our ante. Here they are, Sheriff. These Hank's friends? Yes, sir. Well... I'm mighty glad to meet up with you, fellas. Yes, sir! Your um...? I'm Smith. Ah. Then you must be Jones. You know I just come back from the Henderson ranch and Hank asked me to look you fellas up and make sure that you're both know you got a friend right here in Amity City. You know if you need any help or... or anything like that at all, well he asked me to take care of you and I want you both to know that I am very happy to oblige. 'Cause any friend old Hank's is more than welcome in this office at any time. Yes, sir! Any time at all. Thank you very much, Sheriff. That's very nice of you, Sheriff. Oh, it's a pleasure. You all come back again and we'll do our best to make you feel right at home. No need to go that far... We wouldn't want to cause any trouble... Oh no, trouble. No trouble, at all. That's what we're here for - to take care of fellas like you. We know... We know, that you will do your best. Thank you again, Sheriff. Uh, maybe we could make it for lunch? Ah sure - sometime next week. Or better yet - the week after. We'll see you, Sheriff. Goodbye. So long. Boy, I'm telling you Heyes, this is the life. Just lazing around, doing nothing, we're even getting paid for it. All we gotta do is, stay away from that friendly sheriff. How many more days we got till our week is up? Two more, right? Then we gotta start worrying about another job. You know, if we'd have been smart, we'd have talked Henderson into an extra week. Like he'd have felt more secure - that way you know. Or even two weeks, for that matter... Or even for life. And wouldn't that be a nice soft cozy job? Wouldn't it, huh? Heyes, if you don't stop reading that book you know what I'm gonna do? What? I'm gonna get me one, too. I raise you a Dollar. Hey! Hank Henderson has been murdered! They got the fella that done it! And they're bringing him in now! This is the gun, all right. Shot him right in the head. A shotgun makes a nasty weapon. People don't like 'em. That's what's gonna hang him, just as sure as shootin'. You say you know him? Yeah. We met him while we were working for Henderson. And we're a little surprised he'd used this kind of weapon, Sheriff. You mind if we talk to him? Anything you want, boys. You have to leave your gun belts outside, that's all. Sure. Sure. Did you do it? Shoot a man from ambush?! With a sawed-off shotgun?! Is that the kind of man you think I am?! What were you doing at Henderson's ranch? Just trying to see Sarah. I had to know if she went back to him because she wanted to or maybe she was being forced... And? I never even got to her. I was coming around the back way toward the house... tied my horse in the bushes so it wouldn't be seen - and then I went on by foot... When I got close - there suddenly was a shot. So, I started running back to my horse. Next thing I knew a bunch of cow hands were chasing me. Now, they ran me down and brought me back. They found the shotgun on the ground. It was nowhere near, where I was. They told me Henderson was dead... And you gotta believe me! I know how it looks - but I didn't do it! Now, I swear, I didn't do it! Don't get yourself upset, Jim. We didn't figure for a shotgun killing in the first place. Well, I'm glad somebody didn't. Listen. I got $1,500 in a bank in Santa Fe. That's yours - all of it - if you can get me out of here somehow. Will you help me? ...best lawyer in town? There is only one lawyer in town. Fella named Foster. I don't think he'd be much help to you, fellas. Why not? Because he was Hank Henderson's lawyer. Him and Hank was friends for many years. He helped make Hank a wealthy man. Managed all his business and such. Oh, I - I don't think he'd be too eager to represent the person who killed his biggest client. Yeah, well. Thanks anyway. We'll give it a whirl. Mrs. Henderson... I - we'd like to say I'm sorry about what happened your husband. Thank you. Sheriff, I'd like to talk to Mr. Stokely, please. Well I've got to search you first. Are you serious? We've never been more serious. You want me to defend him?! You must be out of your mind! I'd sooner see him lynched! Look, Mr. Foster, it don't matter how close you were to Henderson - you're still an officer of the court and you're the only lawyer in town. A man's life is at stake! We believe his story. He went to the ranch to see Mrs. Henderson. ...to whom he was a lover! That's obvious, isn't it! Look gentlemen, I'm human like anybody else. But even if my personal feelings didn't enter into this - you have to take a look at the cold facts. This man ran away with Henderson's wife. You yourself told me that he constantly tried to prevent you from taking her back and once she returned he was found, prowling around her husband's ranch in the dark of night. Now, Henderson's shot, Stokley is caught trying to run away. Nobody on that ranch ever saw that shotgun before. So, it couldn't have been anybody else's except Stokley's. And you're trying to tell me that he's innocent?! Gentlemen, I'd rather be prosecuting. It would be a very easy case. If you want to waste your time, find somebody else. Jim - you gotta tell them. No... Well, if you don't, I will! Oh, Sarah... Sarah, what difference would it make now, huh? Please... are we agreed, huh? Oh, Sarah. Now, what are we gonna do about it? If that lawyer's any indication, Jim's as good as hung already. The only thing we have to be happy about, is that he isn't prosecuting. I can understand him getting mad at the killing, you know, but I don't understand why he got so mad at us. Do you understand that? I don't understand that at all. I mean, it's not as if we weren't gonna pay him a fee. And the man is innocent until he's proven guilty, right? And I have to think, that he is definitely innocent. In fact - do you know who I think did it? Heyes will you stop reading that blasted book?! You're driving me crazy, you know that?! Who do you think did it? Mrs. Henderson. Mrs. Henderson? Yeah, absolutely. Henderson was a rich man, right? And now he's dead. Well now, you know what that makes her, don't you? What? A rich widow! Are you sure, you've got her dead to rights so far? I know I have. She did it so she could get the money and marry Jim. That's two birds with one stone. And Jim's probably just protecting her 'cause that's a kind of fella he is - likeable. She probably had this whole thing planned from the start. In fact, she probably faked that whole trip back with us just so she could blow Henderson's brains out. A woman like that can be dangerous. You know, a man has really gotta watch his step, Heyes. I think Jim's gonna have a lot of trouble with her. Will this be before or after he gets hung? Very funny. Well, don't you think she did it? Maybe... Heyes, I'm warning you! If you don't put that book down, I'm gonna brain you with it! For your information, this book happens to be a gold mine. In fact, I think it just supplied the answer to our problem. What answer? Well, it goes like this. First, we go to see the friendly sheriff. and we...uhm... steal the evidence you might say... The shotgun that was in this drawer here - it was stolen! Stolen? That's what I said. From that very drawer there - and within the last couple hours. Now, where were you? Me? I was out. That's what I mean. Look, I want you to go out there and spread the word around that whoever stole that shotgun to bring it back by sundown and no questions asked. But if they don't, there's gonna be big, big trouble from me - and I ain't fooling. Now, you can start by making an announcement in the saloon. Well, go on! Git! If it's in reference to the Stokley case, I told you I am not interested. No, no - this time it's us. Yeah, we're the ones that are in trouble. Oh, sit down. What's the problem? Well, first we've got to ask you something. If we retain you and tell you we committed a crime - then it's secret and you can't repeat it to anybody, is that right? That's right. It's called privileged communication. Privileged communication. Uh huh. That's exactly what we want to give you. Yes? Yeah. You heard about the shotgun being stolen? Yes, of course. Everybody in towns talking about it. Well, we stole it. You? Why? Because we think Mrs. Henderson did the killing. It's ridiculous! Is it? Nobody really knows who that shotgun belongs to. Well, surely not to her. I told you, it was never seen at the ranch before. She could've brought it back from White River and kept it hidden. And we think we can prove it. How? Fingerprints. Finger - what? ...prints. I don't understand. You ever read a book called Life on the Mississippi by Mark Twain? No. What's that got to do with it? Everything. As a lawyer you ought to read it. Especially chapter 31. It tells all about this thing called fingerprints. You see everybody's got 'em, and you can take people's fingerprints off guns and things. Now whoever owned that shotgun or used it left his fingerprints on it. ...or hers. And the beauty of it is no two people have the same fingerprints. It's really the latest thing at catching criminals. You see you...you take the fingerprints and you photograph 'em. and then you're able to tell who handled any object like the shotgun. You mean, no two person's fingerprints are the same? That's right. Not only that - we've got this friend - Harry Briscoe - works with the Bannerman Detective Agency. He's an expert on this. We already sent a telegraph for him. He's coming out here. Now, he'll take photographs of the fingerprints on the gun - and we'll get the fingerprints of Mrs. Henderson and Stokely. And when we get a match, we'll know who did it. And if you don't get a match? Oh, then we'll know somebody else did it. Briscoe just has to keep going around town taking fingerprints from people - until he does get a match. I've never heard of that before. It's very interesting. Where have you got the shotgun? Well now, I wouldn't worry about that. We've...got it stashed away nice and safe. As a matter of fact, we may not even need it. We're gonna ride out and see Mrs. Henderson this afternoon. And after we've explained all this to her we figure she'll break down and admit she did it. Wait a minute. Why are you telling me all this? Well, like we said before, we think Stokely is innocent. Now, we can prove that he couldn't have done it, there'd be no reason for you not to represent him in court, would there? No, there wouldn't. That's why we're telling you. You suppose they really know about fingerprints at the Bannerman Agency? Not if they're all like Harry Briscoe, they don't. You sure this is kind of work? No! I sure hope you're right, because... You said no?! Yeah, I said no. Well, how do I know if it's gonna work? Now, what are we doing it for? You got a better idea? Hold it! Drop your guns! And your rifles! What's the idea Mr. Foster? The idea? The idea is... that you fascinated me with your theories, Mr. Smith. I'd like to take a look at that shotgun for myself. Why? Let's just say for - professional reasons. Where have you got it? As your attorney I advise you to answer - and quickly! We got it hid up in the hills. Where? Well, I wouldn't know how to tell you where. All right, you'll take me there. Get off your horses! Why, I still don't get it. Unless those are your fingerprints on that shotgun. And you've stolen the evidence nobody's gonna find anything on anything, now, will they? All right - off your horses! You get face down... Of all the people in the world to tell everything to ...you had to pick him. Can I help it, if he's the only lawyer in town? Don't worry about it, boys. It's all still under privileged communication. No one will ever know. That's what we're afraid of. Now, before you take me there, I want you to know, that my fingers are every bit as educated as my brain. So, for your own sakes, I wouldn't try anything stupid. What really happened? Henderson catch you stealing from him or something? Is that why you killed him? What are you gonna do with us, when you get us there? Well, if the shotguns there, I haven't decided. If it was not... I wouldn't make any future plans, if I were you. Oh well, that does it. I hope you realize this is the last time we ever bring you any business. Let's go. Smith - if we ever get out of this, you go your way, I'll go mine! All right, where is it? Inside, behind the firewood. I have my eye on you, so don't try anything. That's far enough, Foster. Let that gun belt drop. I sure didn't want this to happen, boys. I aim to just wing him but - I missed. By the way our friend here was stealing from his best client. I'll untie you. I promised you boys that $1500, and I meant it. As soon as we get to that Bank in Santa Fe, the money is yours. Jim, there's something I just don't understand. How come, you're not staying here with Sarah? I mean, I don't know what's going on between the two of you but the field's got to be clear now. and Sarah's rich. How come, be given all that up? Well, I tell you... My real name isn't Stokely. I told you boys, I had a bit of a reputation. I used that name when I got into my first trouble when I was 18. By the time, I was 20 I was in jail but at least it was under the name of Stokely. I didn't want to embarrass my family. I had a very proud father and mother - and a very lovely sister named Sarah. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 