Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e4 - Smiler with a Gun - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 4 - Smiler with a Gun - full transcript 
 Roger Davis, playing alongside his old friend Peter Deuel for the last time (they often competed for roles during the 1960s) turns up as perpetually smiling Danny Bilson, a remarkably fast gun who impresses even Kid Curry. Danny, Curry and Heyes in turn all draw the attention of Seth, a miner who believes he can get at least $20,000 out of a New Mexico mine Seth has -- with the help of three young, strong men. All four agree and work the mine, which lives up to expectations. During a celebration drink-and-dance when they have reached the target figure, Danny plays drunk and waits for the other three to pass out -- then steals the gold and all the food and water. Heyes, Curry and Seth try to walk across the desert. Seth slips away during the night and lies down to die when he thinks he's far enough away -- but Heyes and an extremely angry Curry find his body anyway. Heyes and Curry make it to a creek, refresh themselves and start asking around every town in New Mexico for Danny. When they find him, he is now a wealthy saloon owner with all but $500 tied up in investments. To further make his point, Danny lets a young gunfighter challenges him and drops the young buck in his track. Curry decides to get Danny's goat so badly that Danny will try to back-shoot him, hoping against hope that Danny will miss and Curry can drill him before Danny can fire a second round. That's exactly what happens. This was the first time Ben Murphy (Curry) worked with Roger Davis, but five months after this show filmed in late July 1971, Davis came back permanently as the new Hannibal Heyes. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Everybody happy. Yes, indeed let's all have a good time there. That's the way we do it in our town. Yes, indeed. Hey, what's all the excitement? Somebody's gonna win a pile! Fast draw contest! Wipe that look off your face, Kid. This contest is for amateurs. Hey Seth, good to see ya. Alright, step right up you cowpokes! A little game a skill! See how fast you boys are with 'em their six guns. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's only $5 to enter! Winner takes all... except a few dollars to defray my expenses. Don't be bashful, gents! Everybody's got a fair chance! Ah Heyes, I'm a weak man. If I should start to take an unhealthy interest in all this - lead me away at gun-point, would you? You have my solemn word on that. Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two latter-day Robin Hoods very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. So, all we've got to do is stay out of trouble until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. You're ready? Let me check it once more. Hey you fellas...get out of the way! It's the plates we want to bust, not your heads. You want to try? Alright. You ready up there? All set! Alright, give me that dear son... give me that there string. Hey there buddy, come on. Good boy, there. Now listen... don't you fire until you hear the sound of the bell! Ready? Don't worry! You still get four more tries! You ain't nervous, are you son? Try it again! Too bad, pal! Better luck next time! Sorry, buddy! Come let's get a couple of real gunman around here! We can do some real serious shootin'! Hey Seth, how about you? You give me a shovel for a hole diggin' contest... and I'm on. I've got a whole lot of money here, fellas. A lot of money around here - minus my little commission. Come on anybody else want to take one more try? Only one more chance. How about it? Heyes... what harm could it do? I mean, I don't have to show him anything fancy, just enough to win. Kid, forget it. It just isn't worth the risk. $100 Heyes? Well, maybe we could get the lucky winner into a friendly poker game. Sorry. Yeah, that's too bad. Sorry, pal. Better luck next time! You wanna try? Alright. Sorry, buddy boy. Better luck next time! Well, what's the top score? Three out of five! All right. You just keep 'em coming fast. Yeah. Fee $5,00. Thank you. You ready? Heyes, I think I just saved myself $5.00. Let's hope he isn't that good at poker. He is. You know I never would have believed that draw to that inside straight. No siree, well old lady luck must be smiling on me today. Sure, she is. I'm folding. Me too. You got my commission, too! Don't do that, boys. Let me give you a chance to win it all back. Oh yeah? That's what Sitting Bull said to General Custer. Let's go! I guess I win the deal too! You cut 'em. How about us... forgetting poker... and just sitting here...and talking Now, we can't win no money talking. That depends upon like you're talking about. If you listen to me for a few minutes, you must wind up find yourself with $5,000 a piece... maybe more. Just go ahead and talk. We'll listen. Nothing like a poker game to size up fellas. Now, I figured the four of us could get along just fine. Smith here - he's a good solid poker player knows just when to bluff - and when not to. Jones here - he must have invented poker face. He plays close cards. Danny here - he's got a good nice disposition. He's always smiling, win or lose. Well, that's cause I don't lose too often, old-timer. Now... how about this $5,000? Just who do we rob? Robbing ain't my game. I've got me a gold mine. A gold mine. A gold mine. Now, how many times have I heard that? Now, tell me old-timer what is it, you need a stake to the next town? Here. Here you take that. Now let's play. Well, I brought the ore in the assayer's office. You want, you to go take a look at it. Where is this gold mine. Sangre de Cristo Mountains. Sangre de Cristo Mountains? Well, that's all the way across the desert. I didn't say it was gonna be easy. It'll be the hardest work you young bucks ever did in your lives - broiling sun - no saloon - no women - for four or five months, that won't matter none 'cause you be so doggone tired at night you can't do nothing else but sleep - out there on the ground with the rattlesnakes. I sure gotta hand it to you old-timer, you got a way of selling something now. Now let's play, huh? How much can we get out of this mine? Are you serious? Well, I found me a new vein in an old mine. I figure... it might come out with 25- $30,000 if we work at it and stick at it. What will we need to start it? You are serious! We need four - five mules, some horses, some equipment grub... and plenty of water. The desert out there is a ...is a killer. Oh, come on Boys let's get go on. I don't know how he does it: seven days - a week 12 hours a day. He ain't human. Danny's got soft job - inside there out of the sun. Well, give me a hand. Come on, I got another load. Come on! Well, how much you figure? I'd say about $300 from yesterday's ore. That's $300 worth? Maybe more. $75 apiece. That's not bad for one day's work. What's it total to now? Well, let me see... I'd say - almost $5,000. And to think we've been here hardly one month My back swears that we've been here six months! Yeah. I could have sworn you were wrong! On the short side. Will you stop belly-aching. I'm the one who didn't want to come. I'm just smelling it! Ain't nothing better than the smell a good corn whiskey! Well, smelling this allowed, Seth. Just don't start drinking it. Of course not! No drinking whiskey till we hit that $20,000 mark. and then I figure we gonna down the whole goll-darn jug and get ourselves drunker then 4 hootie owls. Well, we've never gonna get the chance if we sit here laughing. Let's get digging! Danny, don't you ever stop smiling? Nope. I haven't found any reason to! How can you eat so many beans? Well, what's the trouble? You boys tired of beans? Well, to be real honest, I could force myself to eat a nice big thick juicy steak. Steak? You know it's a funny thing I had steak on the bill of fare for today and scratched it off the last minute thinking nobody to order it. I don't know why anybody wants steak when we got all have beans. That's how I figured! Don't anybody move. Your philosophy maybe 'don't move'. Mine is...MOVE! That my friend is... what I call a lucky shot... or are you that good? Lucky. Yeah. What's your expert opinion? That's a great gun. The kind of balance you have to build in sure can't buy it. I don't mind own one like that myself. Make me an offer. You know, I've been doing a little thinking about you since you drew the hit off that rattlesnake last week. What really started me thinking was, when I realized that you two were there when I won all the money. and you didn't even enter the contest. Smith and Jones. Hey, come on now. We're out here miles from nowhere, no reason why you couldn't tell me. Who are you? Danny? You ought to know better than ask a question like that. But...it just happens that his name is Thaddeus Jones and my name is Joshua Smith. The world is full of people named Jones and Smith or haven't you noticed? Hey come on now, come on fellas. We're friends right? Partners. We got no secrets from each other. I'll bet you're both wanted for something. Yahooooo...! We made it! We, by gun, made it! It's jug openin' time! A miner said, Betsy, will you dance with me? I will that, old hoss, if you don't make too free; But don't dance me hard. Do you want to know why? Doggone ye, I'm chock-full of strong alkali. Sing too-ral-i-oo-ral-i-oo-ral-i-ay, Sing too-ral-i-oo-ral-i-oo-ral-i-ay... Get up! GET UP! GET UP! GET UP! Come on! Up, up! Let's go! Joshua... what happened? Our smiling friend is gone. Gone? He's... taken our gold? Worse than that, I'd say. What could be worse than that? He's taken our food and our canteens and our horses. I can't believe it! I just can't believe it. A good-natured fella like Danny do a mean trick like that. Right? He was always smiling. Yeah... never trust a man who's always smiling! That's what my granddaddy used to say. Now you tell us. What are you doing with that jug? I don't want to ever see that jug again. It'll hold water. It's about the only thing around here that will. We can't make it. We can't get across that desert without horses and mules. Can't stay here without food. I guess that's the way Danny had it figured. I don't think he ever expected to see us again, or I'll see he'd just plain shot us while we were sleeping. How long you figure we can make one jug of water last? Oh, three or four days... maybe. We'll take a lot longer than that to get across this desert. Especially traveling at night and that's the only way we can travel in this heat. Well, we just have to make the water last longer, that's all. We ain't gonna make it. We'll make it. A man can make it through a whole lot more he thinks he can, if he's got just a good enough reason. Yeah...$20,000 this is a good enough reason. I'm talking about Danny. I'll get it, he's gonna need it. Hang on to him. Come on, Seth, hang on now. You can make it. I'm sorry. Come on, Seth. We gotta keep movin'! We gotta get out of this storm and get to some shelter. There's a place, come on! Come on, Seth. Easy. All right, give me your hand. Easy, easy. Just a little farther. I'm just not gonna make it. No more of that. You're coming with us. Come on. Come on... just a little farther. Come on, Seth. Boys, I'm just not gonna make it. Don't talk like that, Seth. You'll make it. Get you some rest that's all you need. Now, what I need is your good strong muscles. My legs are just too weak. Oh, now you relax. You'll do fine, once that miserable sun goes down. Here, Seth, have some water. We should hold you over. Seth? Come on, time to get up and go! Go? Thaddeus... Joshua... Oh, no, no, boys! No I...I think you better just go and let me be. You'll feel fine once you're on your feet. Here, all right. Have a drink. Well...come on, Seth. Let's go. No, I can't go anywhere without my water jug. Why it's empty? You stole my water...! You drank all my water! No, Seth. You're just like that other one. Listen to us! Listen to us! Seth - you drank it all. Oh, I'm sorry. That's, all right. I must be getting a little loco, huh? Forgive me boys, huh? I know you two boys are all right. Maybe you're do restin'. Heyes! Huh? What? Seth's gone! Must have been trying to get just far enough away so we couldn't find him. So, we'd leave him... It's hard - came out just as it was planned. What's that? What's that? What's what? That sound... You're hearing things. Heyes! Thank you! He was here. The desk clerk says he remembers him and where he went What's that? That's a little something to remind me I'm not the same man who went to the desert with Danny. And I won't be until I settle the score. Oh, I see. Do you ever stop to think that shaving might be a lot less painful than tangling with him? Yeah, but I learned to shoot before I could shave. Ask Lurene over there. Every young buck who comes to town usually ends up with Lurene. Miss Lurene? Yeah? Oh, what can I do for you, boys? We could buy you a drink? Well, that's a beginning, ain't it? This table here OK? Oh, that's fine. Have Lurene don't drink alone. Fine, I was just about to order. My name is Joshua Smith. I'm Thaddeus Jones, ma'am. Well, real nice American names! I'll drink to both of them! Ebenezer...! Commin' right up, Lurene! I don't know which you two is the best lookin'. 'Cause looks ain't everything. Right, boys? Right. Like I said - she don't drink alone. Like you said... Thank you. You see some four-flusher was just in here bought me a couple of drinks then figured he could take up all my time and time is money, right? Ebenezer throw him out. Ebenezer...! Be right there, Lurene! Naturally, Lurene, we realize that your time is valuable and we can see that. We just want to ask you a question. Well, shot, shot! I'm listenin'. Did you meet a man named Danny Bilson in the last few days? That tall - slim- sandy hair - smiles a lot! Why'd you want to know? We have a message for him. A friend of his died - a real good friend. Yeah. We have to get the message to him it's important. Now, you better drink up fellas! I don't like getting too far ahead of you. I need the glasses. Now...? Now! Hmm - we need refills, Ebenezer. Be right with ya, Lurene. This Danny Bilson maybe used a different name. No, no. Not my Danny Boy! What a man! Oh, but I shouldn't be telling you boys anything! You may be lawmen or something. Oh Lurene, you couldn't be more wrong. It's a matter of fact ma'am you might just say that we're... a little bit... outside of the law. Yeah? Yeah. Oh...in that case. Well, Danny promised he'd come back and take me away with him. So, if I tell you where he is, you got a promise to tell him arenas Lurene's waiting for him to keep his promise. Promise? Oh, wish I had a Bible with me to swear on! I'm, too... I trust you! He's in Matherville. About 100 miles south of here. Now that we found him - how far you figure on going towards getting yourself hanged just to get even with him? I don't know. Couldn't figure down an idea. Kid... we can't do a thing about what happened to Seth. We're gonna have to settle for the money - there's just no other way. Now, this is a surprise. I can imagine. Can I buy you a drink? No thanks. You two here alone? Yeah. Seth didn't make it. We got lucky though. Yes, I see you did. Well, what do we do now? You want me to tell you right here? In front of everyone? No, the owner has a little table over here. It's nice and private. We can go over there do a little talking. If that's what you want to do. Boys! Here you go. Now... you took $20,000 a quarter of it was yours half was ours a quarter belong to Seth. We're gonna take Seth's share, 'cause Seth is dead. And we're gonna take yours, too. I see. And that's in return for your not telling the sheriff what I did. That's right Well, now I know. Yessir, your name ain't Smith and your name ain't Jones - and you really were afraid to enter that fast draw contest, weren't you? Yeah, yeah. It's all just as... just as clear as this gin right here. You are wanted somewhere the both of you. Or you'd be havin' the sheriff over here put me away for murder and you'd have a lawyer here trying to get your money back. Sorry, but you can't do that, can you? No sir, you can't hang around and be witnesses in any trial. 'Cause you're in more trouble with the law than I am, right? Huh? We didn't bring the sheriff over here because we want our money now not a year from now. Oh, you want it now? Now. Well I got something real sad to tell you boys - you can't get it now. Why not? Well, when I told you that the owner of this place wouldn't mind us using this table I...I knew he wouldn't 'cause I'm the owner! Yes sir. I own the whole shootin' match - everything - saloon - hotel! It's all mine! Of course, the hard cash I guess I've got about $500. So why don't you take that as your share? I think you ain't listening to good! You stole $20,000 and you killed Seth. Now - there's nothing we can do about Seth... ...but we're gonna get our money out of you one way or another... and we're gonna get it all! Well, how you're gonna do it? You're gonna steal my hotel? You're gonna pick it up in the middle of the night and carry it away, huh? What are you gonna do? Come on now, boys be reasonable! Take the $500 and not give me any trouble - because if you do I'm gonna go to the sheriff over there and I'm gonna tell him what you really are; a couple of thieving, lying outlaws who are giving me a hard time. Look... for the last time, we aren't outlaws. We just don't want to make trouble because we can't afford the time. Now, you bought this place. You can sell it. You've got one week. One week from today we come and get our money or we go to the sheriff in time about Seth. You are bluffing. You are bluffing... Well, we got us a real little standoff here, now don't we? I guess that gives us just about a week to find out who really is bluffing. And I'll tell you boys - it ain't me. We got to do something, Heyes. I don't know what, but somethin'. He killed Seth as sure as shootin' him. Will you stop? Now, there's nothing we can do. Danny's right. He's not sure he's right, but he's right. If we went to the sheriff, we'd have to stick around as material witnesses - 24 hours after Danny started open his mouth everybody'd know who we are. So, if Danny calls our bluff, we're through, is that it all? I'm afraid so. Dirty cheat! Did you hear me? I said you're a sneaking cheat! You're dealing seconds. Now, listen kid. You play a mean hand of blackjack, but every time you come in here you start accusing people of cheatin'. And we both know that you don't know a second from a roulette wheel. So, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave. I ain't gonna get out! I'm a loser. You get rid of him. Now, you're more than a loser kid. You're a bad loser. I mean you come in here calling my dealers cheats it's just like you were calling me a cheat. So...you gonna have to get out now. You wouldn't say that if I had my gun on me. Maybe I should have worn it in here tonight. You got a gun and I ain't. But I'm not leaving! I want a chance to win my money back at poker where you can't cheat me. You know kid, I've given you every chance in the world to walk out of here on your own and you just won't take it. So... And don't come back. You understand? I'm coming back Bilson with my gun. I'm coming back to kill you! Well, if it isn't Mr. Smith and Mr. Jones. You know, you ought to stay around and protect your investment. Anything happens to me, you'll be out $20,000. Might be worth it. I didn't think you had the guts enough to try it. Well, if you change your mind you don't know where to find me. One day left. Any predictions? Yeah... but I don't want to say it. Mornin' folks. Good morning. Hello, ladies. Hey you! You... Bilson! Are you talking to me, cowboy? That's right! I'm going into your saloon to get my money back. There's only one way you can stop me and that's by using that gun you're wearing. But you better think about it, 'cause... I'm wearing my gun today and... I know how to use it. Well, I'm sure sorry to hear that, cowboy, 'cause you're not going into my saloon. I'm going in now... and if you make one move for that gun... you're a dead man. Don't try it! You got our money? Well, now boys what's the rush? Why don't you stay around for a friendly drink? No, you just give us the money and we'll leave. Now, if that's the way you want it. Homer! Coming up. Here it is. Thank you. Now there it is boys. Here's the money. It's all fives and ones. I guess...$500? Right on the button. Yes sir, that's exactly right - $500. Well, no you boys didn't think I was gonna give up this gold mine, did you? Honestly... didn't ya? Well, I guess $500 is $500. Yeah. You shouldn't throw good money around. No. It's hard to come by but if that's what you want... that's it, 'cause there's not gonna be any more. Did you see, boys, I've made a decision. I'm gonna call your bluff. So, you can go over and tell the sheriff anything you think you can afford to. Well, he did it! He called us - all the way. Got away with the whole thing. Killing Seth. Stealing the money. He called our bluff, Kid... there's not a thing we can do. You can always see the sheriff. Are you crazy? I don't think so. Want to come along? All right, you tell me! What am I supposed to do? Well, there was a fella killed out there. Me and Joshua here saw him. Well, so did I. That young fella threatened Dan Bilson and forced him to draw! I saw it all! What if the cowboy killed Bilson out there yesterday? I would have arrested him for murder because the cowboy started it. Now, I don't know why you're asking, but I go by one simple rule: If there's a gunfight the man who started had better lose or he's in a lot of trouble. Bilson wouldn't have any influence with you, would he sheriff? Bilson runs a saloon. That's all he is to me. And you're not gonna do anything about what happened? That's right. I'm not. All right, Sheriff. Thanks. All right, what was that all about? I don't know. Could be I was thinking about pushing our smiling friend into a fight. What? But you're not thinking that anymore, right? I guess not. As you know Heyes... I'm not too sure I'd win. $42.00, exactly. You leavin' town, Joshua? That's right. Learned a long time ago: when you got a losing hand just toss it in. Well, how does your friend Thaddeus feel about that? You'll have to ask him that. Yeah, I just might do that. You know you I understand. You know how to lose. I'm just not quite so sure about Thaddeus. How does he feel about losing? Huh? I said, you'll have to ask him that. Yeah. I will. On second thought Danny - don't ask him. Smartest thing for you to do is lay low for a while. We'll be riding out of here in ten minutes. Hey, you got something to say to me? Hey, Jones! I said, you got something to say to me? Kid, don't! What's on your mind? Well I'll be happy to tell you. I think you're leaving town in broad daylight 'cause you plan on coming back in the dark! Now, why would I do that? 'Cause you're a small man with a big grudge! Except you haven't got guts enough to do anything about it - except... maybe in the dark? Behind somebody's back? You said all you got to say? I don't hear you denying any of it! You know I want to hear that. I want to hear what's on your mind. I want to hear what's on your mind now. Not in the dark, when nobody's looking. Now, I'll tell you what's on my mind is I want to get out of town. That's alright with you? It's not alright! You ain't going anywhere! Well, I can't stand here all day, Danny. Now I'm gonna go get on my horse and I'm gonna leave. Now! Well, you were watching. He started it, didn't he? Well, it looked that way to me. But it sure is a coincidence that you're only asking about that just an hour ago. That's exactly what it was Sheriff, a coincidence. Kid - now I know why you talked to the sheriff. You had a hunch Danny was gonna challenge you, didn't you? Yeah, I guess that's what it was, Heyes, a hunch. 'Cause it sure wasn't a hope. I think Danny could have outshot me easy shootin' at a target - maybe a plate? But I got lucky he was shooting at a target that could shoot back. I guess that made the difference. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 