Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e17 - The Man Who Broke the Bank at Red Gap - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 17 - The Man Who Broke the Bank at Red Gap - full transcript 
 While playing cards on a train with banker Chester Powers, our heroes are recognized by another banker, Winford Fletcher (the villain of "Dreadful Sorry, Clementine," which had aired nine weeks earlier). Fletcher pulls a gun on the group and says that they cost him a great deal of money to get out of trouble (apparently, he bought his way out of prison time on top of being swindled for $50,000). Powers bluffs Fletcher with a hidden "gun" and Fletcher backs down. That gives Powers an idea. He has speculated with and lost all the securities and bonds in his bank. The cash is still there, but there will be a run on the bank if word of his other losses gets out. So he robs the bank himself and ... you got it ... pins it on Heyes and Curry, giving them a chunk of the money to buy their silence. The boys pretend to accept, but scheme to pit Powers and Fletcher -- who have reached a secret deal to jointly testify against Heyes and Curry -- against each other. They take their share of the stolen money and give it to Fletcher in return for his testimony that they DIDN'T rob the bank when it was knocked over a second time (which is exactly what they do). Now to get Powers and Fletcher, along with U.S. Treasury agents, into the fray with one another ... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 You two wanna play parlor poker? Parlor poker? Poker for fun, not money. $2 limit, table stakes, you're welcome to sit in. Well, Whist is my game, but I'm willing to give poker a try. Sure, why not? Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two Kansas cousins very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. So, all we've got to do is just stay out of trouble until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. King bets the full $2. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I call you. Mr. Powers are straights and flushes allowed in this game? Are you trying to set me up? No, but it once cost me $20,000 to learn that according to Hoyle, straights and flushes aren't played in stud poker. Don't ever go into banking business, kid. Information like that has cash value - everything has cash value if you see it know how to use it. That's the basic business principle. It's all right, Mr. Powers, see I was tempted to go into the banking business once but I caught it just in time. Your deal. Deal. You don't have to sit here on my account if you want to stretch your legs go ahead. I'm getting off at Red Gap. Oh, no, I feel real comfortable right here. We're getting off at Black River, we'll stretch your legs there. No, Mr. Curry, you'll stretch your legs right here. You too, Heyes. Might I suggest that you move away from these men? Then you two take your guns up - by the fingertips. Now, stand up slowly and walk to that door. I think you're making a mistake, sir, can we possibly talk this over? I'm not making a mistake, Mr. Curry. You know me and I know you. Oh, you're dressed pretty fancy the last time we met, the faces are the same. This has happened to us once before and it took six days out of our lives to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that my cousin and I are not Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry. You two are wanted dead or alive and I don't much care which way I do it! You're making a terrible mistake! Now, we're due in Black River for our grandma's funeral! You be due at your own funeral if you're not in your feet in 5 seconds. Come up! Why, just a minute... May I ask your name, please? Winford Fletcher. Fletcher, Hampton and Krumholtz, Real Estate Brokers, Silver Springs Mr. Fletcher, can't you let these men stay on the train until Black River? Because if you made a mistake that's where to find out not here. Besides if you're wrong you've caused them considerable inconvenience. Plus the fact, they're way ahead of me in the poker game. I'm not making a mistake, sir. These men got me into serious trouble with the law a few months ago. Cost me a small fortune to get out of it. I didn't find out until later who they were: Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry, worth $10,000 each. I recognized them the minute they got on the train. Mr. Fletcher, apparently we do resemble those two miserable outlaws. But we aren't Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry, if you'll just let us stay on... You're getting off right here! Now! Mr. Fletcher, you're making a mistake, too. Now, put away that gun. You can get off the train with these 2 men at Black River. Is that understood? It is not! They'll jump train - or me - long before that. These are con men - as shifty as they come! Now move or I'll fire! You pull that trigger, Mr. Fletcher, and you're gonna get hit with 2 .60 caliber slugs right at the belt line. I've got a hair-trigger, hammer-cocked two barreled derringer pointed right at you. I don't believe you. Well, if I wasn't afraid to go off I'd be happy to show you. It's very unreliable when it's cocked. Now see here... Slightest jar and it'll fire. Now, put that gun down. All right! All right! We'll settle this in Black River! Just as I suggested. I've been hoping to run into you two again ever since you swindle me. Try to get off this train and I'll shoot to kill! Thanks, Mr. Powers. Sure glad your bluff worked. How'd you know it was a bluff? Well, they don't make a .60 caliber derringer. .54 as big as they come. Well, that's the fact that Mr. Fletcher should have known, isn't it, Mr. Curry? I don't doubt it for a minute. Our friend Fletcher made no mistake. Everything he said had a ring a truth to it. I just didn't like his style. It keeps coming up, don't it, Joshua? Kid, there are times when honesty is the best policy, and this is one of those times. But I'm mystified: why would a banker help Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry? Well, as I said: a good banker sees value in everything and knows how to exploit it. And when he said you were Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry, I saw how. You saw how what? A need and how to fill it - that's another basic business principle. Whose need have you got in mind, Mr. Powers? Mine. I need somebody I can trust absolutely. Now, that I know who you are, I'm sure you can fill that need. But let me ask you a question. Why do you call yourself Smith and Jones? Isn't that lacking in... imagination? We have... sort of a mentor - a man who wants to be able to find us if he needs us. He gave us those names and don't use them. And there are a lot of people called Smith and Jones around, It works. That's good. Because the men I need, whoever they'll be, will have to have imagination, courage and a little desperation. Well, I think we ought to tell you right now: our desperate ways are over. Now, we're straighter than a pair of yardsticks, and twice as honest. In fact, we didn't swindle Fletcher, we exposed him. Now, you don't think that my needs include anything criminal, do you? It kind of sounded like it might. I think that word 'desperation' did it. Well, that's because the job I have for you is a little dangerous. It'll only take a few days. I'll pay you $500 apiece. Why don't you tell us a little more about it? No, not here. I'll tell you when we get to Red Gap. Will Fletcher wait until we get to Red Gap? Don't worry about Fletcher. It'll be dark in about an hour. Now, we arrive at a steep upgrade and the train is gonna have to crawl. I'll engage Fletcher at an earnest conversation about something - money might appeal to him. You men can slip out and off. Where will we be? About 7 miles outside of Red Gap - and after that clean beds into Commercial Hotel and just wait there until I contact you. And if we don't like the job offer? You don't have to take it! Wake up! Wake up! Let's get the conductor. They're not on the train! Who is not...? Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry! Well they were here a little while ago. I've gone through the entire training. They're gone! Oh, heavens to Betsy! That means you were right! Of course, I was right! You obstructed justice I'm gonna sue the eyes out of your head. $20,000 worth! That much? I had them at pistol point, arrested dead to rights, and you have interfered, you robbed me my just reward, as any sane judge and jury will declare. Well, that's gonna be a hard case to prove, ...Fletcher, wasn't it? Winford Fletcher. You'll see it on the subpoena. Fletcher versus... versus I don't have your name. Oh, here. Here you are. Chester E. Powers. President of the Red Gap Bank. At first, I'd like to apologize for my mistake, you were right. Unfortunately, regrets aren't bankable. And second, I don't recall any witnesses to the event you referred to except Heyes and Curry - and they are not likely to appear as witnesses on your behalf. Now, I feel personally responsible, but what I would like to do, Mr. Fletcher is... settle this whole thing out of court. You think I can persuade you? Settle? Well.. at least we can discuss the possibility. How much? 10%. $2,000? I'll tell the sheriff at Red Gap he will organize a posse and take off after them. I certainly appreciate the attitude you're taking Mr. Powers. I'll also tell the sheriff that you identified Heyes and Curry on this train, and if we should capture them you should get a piece of the reward. Is that all right with you, too? Mr. Powers, I can certainly understand how you became president of a bank. I inherited it. Whoa there! I heard you fellas checked into town tonight. Yep! Right nice little town, Red Gap. How'd you get here? What, sir? How did you get here? We walked. You walked? Sheriff, you won't believe this - in this day of stage coaches and trains - Not to mention horses which you ain't got. Right! As I was saying, you won't believe it, we walked to Red Gap. Oh, he's right Sheriff. We got the blisters to prove it. How come? Horse thieves. Horse thieves? Yeah. They stole our horses. My job, the reason why I am here, is receive complaints from folks who've been victimized by thieves. Now how come I didn't get any complaint from you? It's our feet, sheriff. We just couldn't come to you till we had us at least 4 whiskey. I was thinking more like 6 or 7. All right. You have your whiskeys, then you come to my deputy and give him a full report. You hear? Yes, sir. We'll be there. How are they? I'd say 'tender' but you'd feel called upon to say something clever and I'd have to kill you. See anything down there? Yep. Powers is over in the bank. I saw him go in. He knows we were up here. Why doesn't he get in touch with us? Nothin' in the world I hate worse than waiting! Especially in a town with a suspicious sheriff. Relax, when Powers is ready he'll let us know. I suppose so. Maybes waiting for us to heal up. One. Thaddeus, the pot has to be bigger to draw a flush! Haven't I taught you anything? To play poker right you gotta have a mind like Winford Fletcher. And that's something I just can't be taught. "Ready to talk business. Meet me at the granary 3 miles out on River Road at 10 o'clock. P.S. burn this note." 'PS burn this note' ?! Heyes, I'm beginning not to like this and I don't even know what it is yet! For once, Kid, I'm in total agreement with you. Let's take a short look. Half hour late. That 'short look' 's getting a bit long for me. Yeah, think it just... My friend, I think the time's up. Yeah, I think it was up half hour ago. Hey neighbor, what's the panic? Somebody robbed the bank! Blew the safe wide open! Everything I had in the world was in that bank! $48! You leave anything of sentimental value in our hotel room? No. Think that train's going our way? Couldn't possibly not be! According to this the 8:08 for Yuma leaves here at exactly 10:07 - see asterik - except Wednesdays when it don't leave it all except in December. I never could decipher these things, even when we were holding them up. Yeah. How about this this? That I can decipher. Try the next line. "The notorious outlaws made off with $80,000 in cash and... a half a million dollars in securities and negotiable bonds. Authorities believe this is the largest bank robbery in history west of the Mississippi. Banker Chester E. Powers' testimony was corroborated by Winford Fletcher.' There's nothing wrong with your eyesight. Well, I'll tell you another thing I see bright and clear: there goes our amnesty - not to mention that we'll be hunted with a little more enthusiasm now that we're number one. Fletcher came all the way down from Silver Springs to corroborate Powers' testimony that we were on the train and jumped off just before we got the Red Gap. And not one word about Powers keeping him from arresting us. Well, it don't surprise you, does it? No, but it makes me awful mad. And I think we got to do something about it right now. Well, I'm glad to see you boys! What took you so long? Huh? You're what? I expect you about 3 nights ago. We're behind schedule on this operation! Come in, come in, come in. Never mind the hospitality, Powers - what are you talking about? Put those guns away! You're working for me. Still? Or again? We'll gonna talk a little business. There's nothing I like better than talking a deal - especially if it's a lovely deal that makes everybody a profit. That's another basic business principle you know. Here. It's good brandy. Hey, take it. You're, too. Sit down, sit down, sit down. Would you like to explain what's profitable about our present predicament? That is, aside from the glory pulling off the largest bank robbery west of the Mississippi. I kept you out of the hands of the law for one. What's two? Show you that in a moment to your unsullied delight. Powers, the Governor the Territory of Wyoming has promised us an amnesty. There's nothing you can reveal, that would delight us. Amnesty? That's right. I told you we were going straight. No governor's gonna grant Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry amnesty. They'd run him out of office. He didn't say next week. But eventually. Until then you can get arrested and put away for 15 to 20 years? We're willing to take that chance. I think you're gonna like my deal better. What deal!? Just a moment. Ain't there be a gun in that drawer? In each pack there's $10,000. $20,000? For doing what? You already did it. You robbed the Red Gap Bank and you saved my life. And what do we do with the other 80,000 or the half a million in stocks and bonds? Well, being the creator of this brilliant scheme, I kept $60,000. You've got 20, that's the 80. Now, it's for the stocks and bonds they were going a long time ago - I used them for collateral on some investments that went down the drain when the depression hit. In case you men don't know it there's been a financial panic going on for the past 6 months. Yes. Even pickpockets are touched by panics. Well, that robbery filled all of my needs: public confidence in me is firm, my credit's good, the bank is being refinanced. And would you believe it I owe it all to you, boys! Except we're not going along with the deal. Yes, you are. You've got no choice. Absolutely no choice. You were here that night and then you disappeared. Now, if you'd like to tell the sheriff your story, please feel free to do it. But if you do, you're gonna break my heart. Sure. Then we wouldn't all profit. Two of us would go to jail. Yeah, that's right. Why don't you take the money, go to South America and that way we'll all profit. Right again? Wrong again! We don't want to live in South America. We want to live here. We wouldn't exactly blend in with the scenery down there. What we want is our amnesty! And we can't get it by taking this and leaving the country! That amnesty is a pipe dream. Something like Fletcher will grab you before it comes through. You've got to realize there's a lot of Fletcher's in this world. People that are long on greed and short on imagination. We don't want money! We just want to be cleared, can't you get that through... Wait, wait, wait a minute, Kid. And what are we arguing about? Powers has given us a way out of our troubles and you stand there yelling at him. You know, I always thought I had imagination, now I see myself for the rank amateur I've always been. Now, I'll talk to my friend here, who has no imagination at all. But he has one solid virtue: he listens to me. Come on, Kid, we got a train to catch. Heyes's you've had enough time. To do what? Come up with an answer. How come we let him talk us into doing something we didn't want to do? Kid, we're any worse off than before we talk to Powers? Not at the moment, no. Are we better off? You mean, are we $20,000 richer? Towards our kindly benefactor, 'Exactly'. Yeah. But as our sage old grandpa would say: 'Always look a gift horse in the mouth'. Will you shut up and let me scheme? Well, you got a scheme? No. There's one out there somewhere, and I think I like it. But Heyes, we can get caught! Hooraying a town at 3 in the morning? Harristown? You're out of your mind if you think I'm gonna tell someone I'm Hannibal Heyes! And I ain't gonna tell nobody I'm Kid Curry - you fellows are wanted dead or alive! Kyle, you know it's safe. Tell 'em. Look you buy two saloon girls enough liquor, they won't remember you said you were Heyes and Curry 'till the next day. Well, that's true. You fellas would be long gone and those girls would be just having a grand old time telling everybody that their town was hurrahed by Heyes and Curry. And Kyle Murtry. Oh, right. And Kyle Murtry. You boys sure this is really important? Kyle, our amnesty depends on it. And it's got to be done that night. The 10th. And there's $100 apiece in it for all three of you. Heyes, done thought it over, and I'm willing! We've come to talk business, old friend. Count it. Where'd you get all this money? From our mutual friend Chester E. Powers. How? He gave it to us. Why did he give it to you? To leave the country. But we've come attached to the place, so we decided to stay. There's 20,000 here, Mr. Fletcher - exactly what Powers stopped you from collecting. What do you want me to do with it? Take it. Invest it. Spend it. In return for what? In return for going to Red Gap and telling the truth. If you do that everyone will know powers robbed his bank, not us. But I already went there and lied. Well, it's never too late to mend your ways. Take it from us. But there's a penalty for perjury. 5 years! Oh, it's only 3. None maybe, if you go to the jury and tell 'em that your conscience hurt so bad you just had to come back to clear it. There's also something they call immunity. Mr. Powers is a very powerful man. he...he there's no telling what he'd do. But he'd be in trouble. Not a man in trouble - he's not big or powerful. No, I'm sorry I can't help you. I'd like to help you... I mean that sincerely...but I can't You see my telling the truth wouldn't clear you and would only upset Mr. Powers. He'd still be a big man with a bank. All right, Mr. Fletcher. Look you're forcing us to use Plan B. Plan B? What's that? We'll be back and tell you about it. Ah, easy! Now, might have guessed. A good old Pierce & Hamilton '78. I sure hope there's a big hurrah going on in Harristown right now. Jed, you gotta put a little more faith in your fellow men. Oh, I try, but we could be about to increase the amount of trouble we're in by exactly 2 when Kyle and the other boys aren't in Harristown. I don't think Kyle can read a calendar. Now you tell me! Would you close that curtain. That's enough, Kid. What are you sweatin' for, Kid? I've handled nitroglycerin before, you know. Yeah, I know, Heyes, but there's always a last time. Mr. Fletcher, occasionally opportunity knocks twice. But never thrice, Mr. Fletcher. It's now or never. Gentlemen! Gentlemen, you're breaking my heart! I know you'd like to clear yourselves, but nothing has changed. Except that I'm more afraid of Mr. Powers now than I ever was before. Winford, everything has changed. Powers bank was just robbed again. And this time Heyes and what's-his-name were 300 miles away, Hurrahing a town. Mr. Powers robbed his Bank again? I don't believe it. Good. 'Cause he didn't rob it at this time. but with your help we're gonna prove he did. Which will make Powers small and unpowerful. And you'll never have to be afraid of him again. Plan B, Winford. It worked. Count it, Winford. It's all yours. I'll do it! Thank you, Mr. Fletcher. You're a man of courage and conviction. Let's see. Gold Hill, Park City, Red Gap! Train leaves in one hour. We'll meet you at the depot, Mr. Fletcher. Don't be late. Sure sorry I missed that asterisk, Mr. Fletcher, or I'd had known we've been an hour early because it's Thursday. The more I think of it the more peculiar this whole thing strikes me. How so? Even if I admit I lied the first time? And if I accuse Mr. Powers of robbing his own bank? What proof do I have? Plan B, Winford. We've only told you what you need to know. The rest will work itself out. We hope. Hope? Yeah. Ah, here! Hey, let's try the fireplace. It's stuck! Oh, we know where to put it now. We can't go back in there! He's probably waiting for us. Look, we tried something that didn't work. Let's just get out of here. South America is beginning to look good to me! Yeah, I guess you're right... Let's wait 'till Fletcher and the sheriff get here to keep Powers busy. Then we'll get up. Kid, we have got to go back in there. We can't just quit now! We gotta risk it, no matter how stupid it seems. We gotta get going, too, 'cause Fletcher's gonna be here in a half an hour - we can't lose any more time. You think you can open that safe in half an hour? That is assuming Powers isn't just waiting on the other side of the door. I saw him open the safe. That'll help some. Anyway, we gotta try it! Who is it? Sheriff McWhirter! Well, if I didn't know better I'd say I was given a party! For what do you know my old friend Winford Fletcher. Assistant Territorial Attorney General. That's a very impressive title, Mr. Collins - why don't you bring it in out of the cold. Come in, gentlemen, come in. Just one moment, gentlemen. A warrant here, Mr. Powers, to search your house. You're looking at the right man, Mr. Powers. He's made a statement under oath that you interfered with his attempt to arrest Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry, made it possible for them to escape and come here to Red Gap. It's his belief that you conspired in the robbery of your bank. Mr. Collins, there's no doubt that this man is a liar. The matter is which time did he lie. I say this is the time. You won't mind if our men search the house? No, not at all! Oh, by the way, I have a hunting lodge north of here in the mountains. You can search that, too, if you want to. Your hunting lodge is being searched, Mr. Powers, at this very moment. Mr. Collins, look at that face. How can you say that that man is telling the truth? If we find nothing here or at our lodge it'll be my pleasure to apologize to you. Oh, that's fine. What are you gonna do about him? Nothing. He's been granted immunity. I can't move that picture on the wall. You got something behind it? Yes, a safe. I'll be very happy to open it for you. It's all yours. Wait a minute, what's that!? What is it? I never saw this stuff before in my life. Well, it appears to be the loot from the second robbery - and it looks like it's all here. Well, I didn't put it there! Somebody else must have done it! If wasn't you, who was it, Mr. Powers? It was Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry! That's who did it! Oh, why would they do that? Well, I don't know, but I didn't do it! I swear I didn't do this! Curry and Heyes were in Red Gap that first time, but they were in Harristown the second, 300 miles from here. Collins, it looks like they weren't there the first time either. This money's from the first robbery. $20,000. Did you say $20,000? "Dear Winford, you really ought to get a new safe. Even my friend what's-his-name could have opened this one." Now, Heyes, one basic business principles old Chester E. Powers never learned. Crime doesn't pay? Nope: Never get involved in another man's game. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 