Alias Smith and Jones: Season 2, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Alias Smith and Jones 
 s2e7 - Six Strangers at Apache Springs - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Alias Smith and Jones (1971–1973): Season 2, Episode 7 - Six Strangers at Apache Springs - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Do you think, this is how Barney died? Nah, he couldn't have been his stupid. Heyes, we should've known better. We did know better. What do you know about Indians? Only what I heard when I was a kid. That won't make you feel any better. I heard those same stories. You think they're true? I hope not. We'll just have to talk our way out. They speak two languages, neither of which are English. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 What? Apache and what else? Spanish, I think. Heyes, I don't have a gun and in Spanish your tongue isn't silver. I think we... Hannibal Heyes and Kid Curry The two most successful outlaws in the history of the West and in all the trains and banks they robbed they never shot anyone. This made our two latter-day Robin Hoods very popular with everyone but the railroads and the banks. There's one thing we gotta get, Heyes. What's that? Out of this business. The governor can't come flat out and give you amnesty now first you gotta prove you deserve it. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 So, all we've got to do is just stay out of trouble until the governor figures we deserve amnesty? But in the meantime we'll still be wanted? Well, that's true until then only you me and the governor will know about it. It'll be our secret. That's a good deal? I sure wish the governor let a few more people in our secret. What you say this place is called? Apache Springs. Heyes, I think we found a home - quiet, peaceful... Yeah, and no sheriff's office. Gentlemen, may I help you? We take a room and a bath, in that order. And someone to look after our horses, please. Everything will be taken care of. Now, if you'll kindly sign the register. No poker? Saturday night... if you're still around. Cowhand's drinking. All poker you want. We'll be around. Just to pass the time... You'd wait 6 days for just some small-time amateur poker? That's the kind we like best. Excuse me, I hope you won't see that I'm forward, but two fine young good-looking men always aroused my curiosity. You mind, if I ask what you two do for a living? As little as possible, ma'am. Oh, all right. If you - if you don't want to tell me. Oh, we do almost anything, ma'am. We're not ashamed. Long as it's not too hard on the back. Well, at least you're honest. When you boys get settled maybe we could have a little talk. All right. Why not? Honest Smithers, I think I've found just what I'm looking for. Young, healthy, footloose... and not too smart. Mrs. Fielding and Mr. Fielding? Welcome to you. I got your letter. Everything is ready. I do hope you had a pleasant journey. We enjoyed it enormously, thank you. A look at the real West. Tell me Mr. Smithers, where does all this dust come from? Do you grow it? Well, I fixed you folks up for the best suite I've got in the hotel. It's waiting for you now. What do you do about the heat? Is there a way to turn it off? Hey! Come on over! You two boys doing anything right now? Well until Saturday night we're available for anything reasonable. Do you consider 'work' reasonable? What kind? Well, just picking up a few things and delivering them back here to me. Delivering what? Money... the purest kind of money... gold dust! It sounds very reasonable, ma'am. Good. Good. Join me... for a couple of beers, huh? The name is Caroline, or Mrs. Rangeley. Take your pick. Only just don't go calling me Ma or anything else like that. You understand? Yes, ma'am. Oh well, now we were talking about money. Don't rush me! When you hear what's involved, you may not want the job. That's possible. What do you mean, that's possible? What kind of attitude is that? Well...no. I...I just... Never mind! I know how hard it is... to find someone who's not looking for something for nothing! Not to mention someone who's not scared of his own shadow! What's it to be scared of, ma'am? Just a few scrawny Indians. Me and Barney - we come here 20 years ago, when things was really pure. Barney's my husband, God rest his soul. We came here... when people were kind to each other, when you could't trust 'em. Not like now, you know what I mean? Yes, ma'am. I'll let you get intimate. Call me Caroline. What about the gold, Caroline? 20 years ago they had a gold strike in the hills back of us here. They all rode out when they got down to the tailings. Well, me and Barney we went up there two years ago. The hills was empty. No one around. We cleaned up about $12,000 in dust in twelve different spots. We buried the dust just where we found it, and we moved on. Then what? Indians, that's what! 50 are 60 Chiricahua they broke out of their reservation and they rode off into the hills. All of a sudden Barney and me we was being shot at! What happened to Barney? Barney was shot up coming out. By the Chiricahuas. What about the gold? At least give Barney a minute of respect before you go asking about the gold. What about the gold? The dust is there, where we buried it. Well? Well, what? Are you gonna do it? I want you two boys to go up there dig up me and Barney's dust and bring it back to me here. I'll give you... I'll give you... 20% - free and clear. 20%? How many Indians did you say was up there? Well, rumor says just 50 or 60 scrawny Chiricahua. They killed your husband and you want us to go up there for 20% Well, it took me and Barney two years to get that gold It'll only take you two days. I'll tell you what, Caroline we'll think it over... ...if we split it three ways. Three ways? That sounds reasonable to me. Over my dead body! You ought to be ashamed of yourselves, taking advantage of a helpless woman. Heyes... I wish you were that helpless. I drink to that! Could you use some help, ma'am? Thank you. Ain't much but it's the only hotel in town. No, thank you ma'am. It's my pleasure. Thank you. Oh, yes. May I help you? I need a room, please. Well, we've got a hotel full of them. But there's a problem. A small one. I don't have any money. Well, that is not a small problem. I used what I had for a stagecoach ticket it got me this far. Well, but your problem seems to be getting larger. If you can trust me until next Sunday. I can pay you then. I'm a minister of the gospel, an evangelist. I'll hold a service and collect a little money. Apache Springs was once a fair-sized town but they were still mining the hills then. Nowadays on Sundays, the population is only about 60 people and 30 of those people are cowboys from neighboring ranches. All of them with hangovers. Now not one of them will give you one cent leave alone and listen to anything you have to say. This isn't the town to pick up money that way. I'll trust in the Lord. Oh - may I ask you your name? I'm called Sister Grace. Since I seem to have more guests than usual now, if you want to take my place as cook the job is yours. How much does it pay? Just room and board? Well, certainly not. It pays a $8 a week. How much is the room? $4 a week. And the food? $4 a week. I'll take it. All right sonny, make it 50/50, and you got a deal. Deal! You don't mind if I don't get up 'n shake with you, do you? Don't worry, dearie. They can pin you to a Christmas tree, and I wouldn't look. Did you hear that Barney?! There's an innocent look to you boys that frightens the wits out of me. There's a thing called faith, Caroline. You either have it or you don't. Oh, come on! Join us! I could show you some stimulating company. Well, thank you. How do you do? My name is Joshua Smith. I'm Edward Fielding This is my wife, Lucy. How do you do? This is Mrs. Caroline Rangeley. How do you do? I'm Thaddeus Jones. Smith and Jones? I think our deal's off! What brings you to Apache Springs, Mr. Fielding? I'm here representing the Bureau of Indian Affairs. What are you gonna do about the land-grabbing, and bloodthirsty Chiricahuas? Well, I'm not sure yet. I'll... go into the hills and talk to them first. Well, if you got an army with you? My husband doesn't need an army. He feels he can defend himself with well-chosen rhetoric and good intentions. Mr. Fielding, why did they leave the reservation in the first place? The Indian agent was selling over half the meat consigned to the Indians. I asked Washington to replace him. And there are other things. The land is not, what the Indians were told it would be. That's a long list. But that's why I'm here. To negotiate, try and get the Chiricahuas into a more reasonable mood. How unreasonable are they? Very unreasonable from the reports we've had. Are you interested for any special reason? We're going up there, but... I don't think we'll be where the Indians are. How can you be sure? We're gonna make it a point, not to. How about it, Caroline? You sending this right smack in the middle of an Indian camp. Well, the Indians are settled in the eastern part of the mountains. Barney and I we worked in the western part, too. You could start there. What is there to do in Apache Springs? What would you like to do? Well, I don't know Mr. Smith. This is my first trip to the West. I think, what I would like to do is leave. Oh ma'am, this is a lively little town on Saturday nights. So, they tell me. Really? What happens? Cowboys come in from all the ranches drink and fight and gamble and they make lots of noise and they have a good time. Well, it does sound 'lively' doesn't it? A scissors, Smithers. Here. You'll find it nice and clear. There's only 2 sites on this map. I thought you said there were 12. There are 6 Maps, 2 sites to each map. You only get one at a time, because I don't trust you with any more. Caroline, you've got to have a little faith! It isn't faith that's needed here. It's good sense! If I would to give you a map of all the caches, what guarantee would I have, that you two would ever come back? You have our word. You keep your word. Mr Fielding it seems a little late to ask, but are you sure you want to go through with this? You know that Chiricahuas fought the Mexicans and us at the same time. They never got beat. The only reason they surrendered to General Miles was because they ran out of food and bullets. Now, do you think what you're doing is the answer? I mean talking to them. From what you've just said, talking would seem to be the only answer. Well, I think this is where we part company Mr. Fielding. Much obliged to both of you. Good luck. Good luck. Kid, in the words of Brigham Young 'this is the place'. 4 paces to the rock. 1, 2, 3, 4. Right 'n left. Could be. 10 paces 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. Right there. It's the place! Rock. Yup, this is the place. Yeah... Look. I can remember when getting this stuff was hard work! Heyes... I have a feeling it still is. How about pretending we just didn't see 'em? And go after the second cash? It's worth the try. Could be... Not exactly alone out here, are we? No... What do you think? Well, I think any sensible man would take what he's got and move out. That's right. And fast. And right again. How far are we from the other spot? I figure less than a mile. Well, no one's ever accused us of being too sensible, now have they? No... Over that way. Heyes, there's a lesser of two evils. You're right, Kid. Let's take the other evil and run for it. Come on! Come on, move! Kid, maybe if we let her go, they'll settle for her instead of us. All right. I'm willing to try anything. Let go! Let her loose! Are you all right? A little shaken. They were on me before I knew what was happening. Suddenly they started to shoot at me and I got out as quickly as I could. You did just fine. That's very kind of you, Mr. Jones but I didn't do fine at all, In fact, I did quite poorly. I didn't come out here to run away from the Indians. I came out here to...talk with them. How do you talk to someone who's shooting at you, Mr. Fielding? Put your hands up and you stand still, and you hope they realize what you mean by that. That's what I should have done. That's what I'll do next time. There's gonna be a next time? Well, I hope so. I'll give you more reliable answer when I stop shaking! Mrs. Fielding! They're here! Well, did you get it? We got it, Caroline. Put them horses up and meet me at the store. What happened? Nothing, Lucy. I'll have to try again. Let me take my horse to the stable then I'll tell you all about it. It's about as even as you're gonna get it. Thank you, Mr. Evans. Uh, Caroline! Aren't you forgetting something? There's something sinful about turning money over like this. Sinful? What are you talking about? We got shot at out there. You heard of a harder way to earn money? There ain't a mark on you! But all right, all right, take it! When you're going out again? Going out again? Caroline, did you hear him? We got shot at! We had to leave our mule and equipment out there that's $100 right there. You should be splitting that costs. That wasn't the deal! That's why we ain't asking 'cause that wasn't part of the deal. What do you loading me down with incidentals for? Just tell me, when you're going out again. Well, we were thinking about quitting while we're ahead. Quittin'!? Every winner I've known has always lived by that rule. Quittin'! Okay. Well, give us a day or two to get over the scare. Maybe we'll reconsider. We have to wait for new equipment anyway. You're insensible. While we're waitin', we'll be considering. That's right. Caroline, be reasonable now. Don't worry about it. A little deposit for the safe, Smithers. Oh, there must be a couple of thousand dollars here. I'll hold on to mine for a little. We'll have the key to that safe box, Mr. Smithers. People shouldn't eat alone. It's uncivilized. Mind, if I join you? You've already eaten? Well, let's just say that... we sat down at the same time but I eat a little faster than you, that's all. It's unusual for a woman of your age to be all alone in this part of the country. I suppose, it is. How did it happen? Wouldn't be proper for me to burden you with my problems. No, no. Problems in my specialty. I think, wouldn't be complete 'till I've had one or two thrown at me. I can't go sleep without 'em. So, you'd be doing me a favor. I was doing work in a mission for unfortunate men in Boston. And one day a gentleman heard me delivering a few words of gospel hope. Before I knew what was happening, he set up a program for me to bring people here in the West back to Jesus. Got as far west as Tucson. I found out, that while I was preaching the word of Jesus, his men were doing terrible things outside the tent. Like games with little shells, and other evil things. While I was pouring out my heart to people on the inside, he was stealing from them on the outside. So, I walked out. Now I'm on my way home. Did you get out with your shirt last night? Well, let's just say I learned never to underestimate a three-fingered chuck wagon driver with one eye. 'The harvest is past, the summer is ended, and we are not saved. That's Jeremiah, Chapter 9 Verse 20 Listen to him brothers his words are as true now as they were then! Sir! Please, sir. I won't take long. Oh, please! Listen, to what I have to say to you. 'Oh happy are they, who their Savior obey!' Through Christ's all cleansing blood, the Lord has something wonderful in store for you. The Lord loves you all, the love of the Lord is all that's wanted in return. Surrender your life to the Lord or you're doomed! Surrender your life to the Lord and ye shall be wonderfully saved! May the Lord... guide and keep you. That was very nice, Miss. Reminded me of my mother. Did you forget something? It's not supposed to be that way. Well, sometimes you gotta give faith a little help, Sister Grace. They say so, in that book you carry. Mind if I say something to you? Please, do. Well, I've listened to a lot of evangelists before and I don't think, that you're cut out for the job. Why do you say that? Because when I hear a good evangelist, my blood runs cold. They breathe hellfire and brimstone with every word. And that's just not you. Never could be. You're too gentle. Good morning, Mr. Smith. Morning. I heard her, trying to talk to those cow people. Made me think of my husband trying to talk to your Indians. They aren't my Indians, Mrs. Fielding. Where's your husband? He's writing a report to Washington about his 'preliminary contact' with the Chiricahuas. I don't leave. Please. I want to talk with you. All right. have a seat. Forgive me for saying this, but... I don't think you're fierce enough for this line of work. But it's terribly important to me. There's only one way to do it. And you'll never be able to do it that way. Nobody ever said that to me before. No, Sister Grace, because you were in the hands of a man who was using you. Do you really think he was gonna tell you the truth? He needed you to attract a crowd because you're young... and because you're pretty. Are you and your friend really going back again into the mountains? We're thinking about it. Even though you almost got killed? That's why we're thinking about it. I wish, you wouldn't. Why? Because of you two - being so typical of what my husband thinks of as the 'Western Man' If you decided not to go back, he might come to his senses and not go back either. Why are you laughing? Oh, a couple of reasons. Me and my friend as a 'typical Western Men' for one. Aren't you? I hope not. Well, you certainly seem typical of the Eastern idea of Western Men. What do you and Mr. Jones do? For a living, I mean. Well, as Mr. Jones likes to put it: As little as possible. You want to understand this, but we like the West. That's why we travel a lot and... pick up odd jobs - some of them very odd. No family? No wives? Not even one wife. Why else did you laugh at what I said. How long have you known your husband? Eight years. I've only known him eight days apparently I know him better than you. Really? I know for instance, that if we decided not to go back into the hills again, he'd still go - all alone. You're right, of course. I'm ashamed that I suggested, he wouldn't. I'm afraid, you're much too right. I don't understand him. He was offered a post in the State Department. We could be living in Paris now... or London...or Rome. At least you are even. Obviously he didn't understand you too well either. Excuse me. Who is it? It's me. Thaddeus. Have I wake you? No, I was reading the Bible...and thinking. I want to talk to you. Here? I my room? It's very important. Just a minute. Come in. You say, it's important? Yeah. Very important. My friend and I decided to make another trip into the hills. Oh, I wish you wouldn't. You could be killed. There's an eastbound stage coming through here tomorrow. I want you to be on it. I can't take that. Look, just call it my contribution to your sermon today. I want you to use it. Go home and think about what I said to you. I have been thinking about it. Perhaps you're right. Maybe I just don't have any calling. Aren't you a little young to be worried about what you're gonna do for the rest of your life? Just try and live a little bit, first. I've never been frivolous. Exactly. When you get home, try to be a little frivolous, will you? Life will get grim soon enough without any help from you. I won't be seeing you again, because we're gonna be leaving at daybreak. Goodbye, Grace. Good luck. Well, this is where we separate. Mr. Fielding? Yes? Did you ever think, maybe if you waited a while they wouldn't be so quick to shoot at you? In a month or two the Indians might begin to wonder what's happening. Could make 'em a little more ready to talk. I couldn't keep the army from ridin' into those hills for two months. They're eager to ride in there tomorrow. I could be overruled at any moment. They'd ride up into those hills and kill them all. All right - but don't you think you ought to have a better plan than just sticking your hands up if they start shooting? Can you give me a better plan, Mr. Smith? No, I don't have a better one. When I put my hands up, they'll stop shooting. If I didn't believe that, I wouldn't go in there. Well...goodbye, gentlemen. Good luck. I guess, nobody told him they're supposed to be in the eastern part of these hills. We're a quarter of a mile from nearly $2,000. We move nice and quiet, we're in an out, nobody gets upset. You're an odds player, Heyes. How do you like these odds? An odds player always looks at the pot. I do like the pot. Yeah, so do I. But I don't like the odds. I like it when you worry, Kid. I can trust, you to look after me better. It's Fielding. Yeah. Just keep chopping. Come on! This is the last, Heyes. Caroline can come and get the rest of it. Let's go home. Let her go! Stop! Come on. You're okay? Yeah. Hi, fellas. How can we get Caroline to share half of this? Do you think this how Barney died? No, he couldn't have been his stupid. He probably died legitimately, like falling off his horse. Heyes, we should've known better. We did know better. What do you know about Indians? Only what I heard when I was a kid. That won't make you feel any better. I heard those same stories. You think they're true? I hope not. We'll just have to talk our way out. They speak two languages, neither of which are English. What? Apache and what else? Spanish, I think. Heyes, I don't have a gun and in Spanish your tongue isn't silver. I think we... Well, you boys don't seem as carefree as the last time I saw you. Well we're feeling better fast - seeing you alive and walking around like a guest. I've spoken to them about both of you and they gonna let you go. They'll keep the gold you had and you won't get your mule back. But tomorrow morning they'll give you your horses and your free to leave. That's the best news we've had all day. What about you? You're coming with us? No. Why not? I haven't finished my business with them, but we are talking. Are they listening? Yes, but I'm not at all sure they believe a word I've said. Do you mind, if I ask - how are you talking to them? I speak good Spanish. So do they. What happens when you get ready to go? They're going to let you? I don't know. No guarantees came with his job. But I think when we finish talking they'll let me leave. Where Fielding? Where Se?or Fielding? I don't suppose you have any word about my husband? Yes, we do. He is with the Indians but he's all right. How do you know that? Because they jumped us and took us back to the camp. He was there and he is all right. Why didn't they let him go? Because he wasn't ready to go. But we think that when he is... they'll let him. Busted... Well, if it isn't Smith and Jones! My partners! Put it there, partners! Nothing. The Indians took it away from us - The one cache we had. The other ones still there. We didn't get that far. Say that again. The gold from the first cache, the mule, everything. They got it. And you're still alive to talk about it? Why don't you two tell me that you were robbed by elves in little green hats. Caroline... Cheated me! You got two caches of my gold and now you've decided not to split with old Caroline! Did you hear that, Barney?! Come on, Caroline! You gonna ride off tomorrow mornin' like two double-crossin' vultures, right? I got a feeling that you lost your faith in us, Caroline. All right, if that's the way you want to play it! There's nothing I can do. There's nothing I can do, Barney! Except get my other money back! Smithers! Go and open that safe! Caroline, we almost got killed earning that money. Now, it's ours. No, we're keeping it. I want my money back. Whatever is in that safe! Smithers, if you give it to her, you and I are stepping out on that street. They stole it from me. Whatever is in that safe is mine. I want it! Smithers, for the first time in your boot-licking life, do something brave. Defend me against these villains! Stand up, like a man! I'll be out on a street too, Smithers. Well now, Missus Rangeley, I really... Smithers, how'd you like to play a little blackjack with me? All right. I'll see you fellas later. Right. Shall we cut for deal, Smithers? What do you do here? I couldn't leave - not without knowing you'd got back safely. I see... Now, there's gonna be another stage through here next week. You're gonna be on that one, aren't you? Are you going back again? I mean, going after more of her gold dust? No, Grace. We can't even wait for our horses to heal up. We're gonna be in the next stage going our way - West. Give me a minute, would you? Yeah. We've got almost half an hour. I was... beginning to think I wouldn't see you again. I wanna say good-bye. I don't like good-byes. But there was something I had to tell you. Good-bye, Mrs. Fielding. Good-bye, Mr. Smith. Mrs. Fielding... Are you thinking of reproaching me again, Mr. Smith? No... I just hope, that someday you find out who you married. I think he'll be back. It'd be a shame to be so lucky and not know it. Thank you. I'll remember what you said. ...and so I decided that I can enjoy life and not be frivolous. Do you understand what I'm trying to say? Remember now, I told you: just a little frivolous. But...sounds fine to me, Grace. Good-bye. Good-bye Thaddeus. I'll never... Hey, look! Look! He's back! Thank you. How did you manage to pull it off? I convinced them, I really dismissed the Indian agent, and promised them adequate food and clothing - when I get back to Washington, I'd see what I can do about getting them more land and better. And the Indians agreed, to return to the reservation. Agreed? Yes, I agreed. I get the gold that you two missed this time, and all the rest besides. I don't need you two anymore! With the Chiricahuas out of the mountains, I'll just trapise on up there and get it all myself! Smith and Jones! Boy, if that ain't a tip off to something... Well, good-bye, Smith... and Jones! Well? What now? Something restful. How about going down the Colorado River in a barrel? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 