Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior: Season 1, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior 
 s1e2 - Lonely Hearts - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior (2011): Season 1, Episode 2 - Lonely Hearts - full transcript 
 The Red Cell teams travels to Ohio to track down a killer targeting single businessmen. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I know this is hard, but I need you to tell me exactly what happened. Start from the beginning. Please don't make me do this. Anything you might have seen... even the smallest details are important. I don't want to remember. I shouldn't have been there. Don't blame yourself. My heart was racing. You know that...  that tense feeling in your stomach 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 when you feel like something bad is about to happen? Slow down. Do you remember what he looked like?  Did he say anything to you? - Can we stop? - I can't do this anymore. You're doing great.  Just tell me what happened next. - He must have followed me.  - It happened so fast. He pulled me into the room, and... When he kissed my neck, my... my skin was crawling. I felt like I was gonna be sick. I just closed my eyes and prayed that it would be over soon. What was going through your mind? Did you like it?  Were you excited? How could you ask me that? Tell me, in that moment, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 did you feel anything? No. Then what happened? He looked at me. He was so confused, so shocked, like he didn't know why... why I did this. He knew he was about to die, and... and it terrified him. That's beautiful. I am so proud of you. # Everywhere I hear the sound # # Of marching, charging feet, boy # # 'Cause summer's here # # And the time is right for fighting # # In the street, boy # # And what can a poor boy do # # Except to sing for a rock-and-roll band # # 'Cause in sleepy London town # # There's just no place # # For a street-fighting man # All right, so we got three men stabbed in the last two weeks late at night in their hotel rooms. - Any connection between the victims? - Cincinnati PD doesn't think so. All three were single businessmen traveling through town, but none of them worked in similar fields. According to flight records, they weren't frequent fliers there. It was the first time in Cincinnati for two of the three victims. So all three were found like this... underwear, no pants, no shirt? Allow me to offer a brilliant piece of profiling. They were all lured by women. Is that really all it takes to lead a man to his death... the promise of sex? - Is that a trick question? - Surveillance camera grabbed this. She was seen in two of the three hotels. She wasn't a registered guest. They haven't been able to track her down. Female serial killers only account for 14% of offenders, and they're not usually this violent. Exactly. So we have to understand what created this. And quickly, because our unsub is killing in four-day cycles. Which means we may only have a day before she strikes again. Look at me. I just want you to be happy. What's wrong with me? I don't know what I'm doing anymore. Please help me. When he looked into your eyes and took his final breath, tell me the truth... It turned you on, didn't it? Yes. - Detective. - Mike Stone. Sorry for the accommodations. There's an overflow at the precinct. Oh, I love what you've done with the place. Yeah, the department seized this place in a drug raid a few months ago... low-level stuff. - War room? - War room. Should have everything you need, though... kitchen, phones, WiFi. None of these victims were robbed. There hasn't been any indication killer did this for money. All these hotels... were they high-end? Yeah. Nicest spots in Cincinnati. Hotels are transient, easy to clock random victims. But not very easy to slip in and out of unseen. We should get to that crime scene. Well, I wouldn't hold your breath for any forensic evidence. Killer even wiped the last body down with bleach. Really? She didn't do that before. Crime scenes, yes. Bodies, no. She's just covering her tracks. If something's changed, it's got to be for a reason. Okay, you guys go to the last hotel. Gina, come with me to the morgue. If there's an evolution to these killings, we need to figure out what that is. - All right. - She wasn't a registered guest here. Neither the night security or our staff recalls a blonde woman fitting that description, and they would have noticed a skirt that short. She couldn't have been with the convention crowd. You were busy last night? The Fairmark is the top hotel in town. Our suites are booked months in advance. I guess those suites are probably pretty private, right? Tucked away from all the other rooms? That's a wide-angle varifocal lens. It captures everything up to 50 feet and up to 500 lines of resolution. You're telling me that someone just slipped past that? We handed all the footage over to the police. Leggy female enters a luxury hotel late at night, alone, undetected, doesn't check in... You're thinking a paid escort. She might have a record. Narrows down our search. This is a respectable hotel. Well, if there were clients in your respectable hotel, then there'd be a service entrance that the girls use, right? I'm afraid that camera isn't working. You mean you broke it. Let's try this again. How do hookers get in and out of here? Every appointment goes through me. If she was a working escort, I didn't know her. Thank you, sir, for the five-star service. The cuts are one-inch wide and five inches deep, one-inch serrated. So he most likely died from blood loss. Was anything taken from the body? I don't know. You'd have to check with the police. I mean more like a trophy. It may seem innocuous, but it could be personal for her. A fingernail or a lock of hair? Nothing that stood out. What's bothering you? She missed. You see? First blow incapacitates him. Then she moves around the back, stabs through to the spleen, then the adrenals, then the diaphragm. She missed every major organ. The first murder was a clean stab to the heart. The second was a severed carotid. This is no way to kill someone efficiently. So why is she butchering him like this? It's a step back. It's not an advancement. So the unsub's either a prostitute or luring men with sex. Either way, it shows a level or organization. But the M.O. is devolving. Why's that, guys? Why? Maybe the victims represent a man who's abused or rejected her, and... she's devolving emotionally with every kill. The three men were just visiting. No personal connection, no valuables were touched in the room, no financial gain, no trophies were taken from the body. The murder itself may not mean that much to her. Right. And females suffocate, drown, poison. They don't usually stab. If we profile her like a man, we would find a stone-cold psychopath. But her behavior is erratic. We remove emotion from the equation, and that would explain her total lack of empathy in these extremely vicious acts. All masked by the ability to appear completely normal. Overkill's almost always personal. We stick to the plan. There's five luxury hotels downtown. She's killed in three. Detective Stone has men scoping out all five, wants us to work the security rooms of the two that she hasn't hit yet. - Want to go? - I'm in. Have Penelope link into the security systems. I want every moment catalogued. We're looking for a blonde female, fair skinned. She moves throughout the environment without attracting too much attention to herself. Yeah, you're describing half the women in here. Most likely got a bag on her, something to hold her knife and tools. - Nothing too big, though. - Wait. You see that? Right there. Rear entrance, east side. You got it? All right, move it to the right for me. - Penelope, you there? - Uh-huh. Bad dye job. I'm all over her. Odd time of night to use a service entrance. Okay. We got her. Into the stairs. See if you can catch her in the next hall. - Where'd she go?  - Penelope, where'd she go? Guys, there's nothing wrong with that camera. The woman just isn't there. Stone, meet us on three. When you get to the end of the hallway, turn left. The room will be right there. There are four rooms here. Give me a beat. Checking hotel logs. Only one of those rooms is occupied.  Room 12. I got a master key. We sure she went in here? You sure you want to take a chance? Go. Okay, show me your hands! Hands in the air! No knife. It happened again. Did you like him? Did this man remind you of me? Why can't I stop? I'm in your thoughts. Time stands still with you. Don't cry. You're so strong. You inspire me. Now, tell me, what did he look like? So much for the unsub fancying hotels. These murders have been all over the news, yet she continues to alter her M.O. This is an awfully public place. She stabbed him here in the middle of the room. And then she dragged him to the couch. He's twisted the wrong way. She would have struggled to drag him here, and he would have flopped onto the couch. Look, his knees face the cushion, but the axis of his body... it's been adjusted. So she posed him? Why not the others? Stone-cold psychopath. How long did it take him to die? Hard to say. Cursory, I'd guess six or seven minutes. Okay, so the first victim died instantly. Then the second... took four minutes for him to bleed out. - She's prolonging the deaths. - Why? Pull the photos of the other murders. Lay them out in order. Tell me what you see. One, two, and three. This chair's off. That one's definitely been moved. You guys see this? The chairs... they move closer and closer to the body with each murder. It's an observation point. The unsub... sat beside the victim... as if keeping vigil, waiting for them to die. It's the waiting she's interested in, not the killing. She's fascinated by the death. In nomine patris et fillii et spiritus sancti. An angel of mercy killer euthanizes their patients, which can lead to a fascination with the death process. Maybe we should look at nurses and medical professionals. Scour hospital records for any unusual patterns of sudden death. Maybe our unsub's graduated from mercy killings to something worse. Hey. Penelope. You're on speaker. Yeah. FYI, researching how long it takes victims to die is not my favorite hobby. I like knitting and making soup. - Find anything? - Not so much. I searched ViCAP for individuals with an icky fascination of death in and around Cincinnati. Came up with zilch. That was anticlimactic. Ah, the climax happens now. Being the resourceful Girl Scout that I am, I found a cookie that will probably prove useful. Ta-da. What are we looking at here, P? A police report. Young girl, stabbed, told an EMT that the perp wanted to watch as she bled to death. Kind of spooky specific, don't you think? This date is four years ago. Did they catch the attacker? Uh-uh. 'Cause when the police went to go ask her a question, she said she didn't remember anything. All right, so ping that address to us. Hang on. Our unsub's killing men. Victimology's different. How do we know there's a connection? Waiting for someone to take their last breath requires severe emotional vacancy. I think it's unusual enough to look into. I was walking home from school, and some guy wanted my computer bag. Jill fought him off. And then he attacked me. I must have blacked out, 'cause I just woke up in the hospital. Uh, why are you asking her about this now? You told the EMT that the attacker wanted to watch you die. Is that correct? I'm so sorry. I know this is difficult, but we need to know what you're not telling us. I knew him. I was a transfer student. I didn't really have any friends. I walked home from school every day alone. That's when he noticed me. He told me my eyes sparkled. Guys don't look at me that way. No one's ever called me pretty before. He was way older and so different. He asked me to... cut school for him and sneak out at night. And he wanted you to do more things... things that you knew were wrong? Well, it started... It started small, like stealing, stuff like that. And then one night he tried to convince me to bring a friend so he could hurt her. I knew there was something wrong with him. And so she went to break it off. And that was the night he stabbed you. I thought that he was just kidding around. But then he... pushed the knife into my chest, and everything turned cold. I couldn't feel my arms. And then he just stared at me and said that he wanted to see the sparkle leave my eyes. And he moved the chair next to you. Then he kissed me. The knife missed her heart by a centimeter. Jill held her breath for as long as she could, and after he thought she was dead, he left the room, and she managed to call 911. Please tell us his name. Are you here because something happened? - Did he escape? - Wait. Did who escape? The man that did this to her is already in prison... Marcus Graham. Excuse me. I got him, I got him. Marcus Lee Graham. Turns out some girls went missing that summer in Cincinnati. This mailman sees blood on Graham's driveway, calls the cops. Police find one, two, three bodies in the woods behind his cabin. So he's still locked up. Oh, yeah. Life, no chance for parole. Sadist killer sicko, whole pervert tamale. All right, thank you. Bye. When Jill was in a coma, I watched the news. All those mothers who lost their daughters... It was heartbreaking. After Jill woke up, he was already behind bars. And the police... they never connected her attack with the other girls. Why didn't you testify? What good would that kind of shame and humiliation do? So they could call my daughter a Lolita? So lawyers could tell her that she was asking for it? Jill was only 14. I didn't want to put her through it. Don't worry. He can't do anything to you anymore. Call Mick and Prophet, tell them to go to the prison. We'll meet them there. What are you thinking? He can't be our unsub. You see the bond between that mother and daughter? It was rock solid, but he got between them. So if he can indoctrinate her, then that means he can control somebody else. He might be killing from prison by proxy. Intake detail report to the transport yard. - Who are you? - FBI. - Want to ask you some questions. - About? A series of murders in hotel rooms. What does that have to do with me? We want to talk to you about who might want to copy your signature. You two are FBI? Who's behind that glass? - Are you the boss? - Sit down. I'd like to speak to an agent with rank, not a temp. Awesome. Thanks for playing. You asked for me? What do you want? Are you in charge? Have a seat, and I'll tell you everything. And could you please get me a soda? Got something you want to say to me? What is it? I might know the type of person you're looking for. Sure. The murders oddly resemble yours. Well, I must be very inspiring. The agents behind that glass... they think there's a copycat out there. But I think that there's something bigger happening here. What do you think? Can you open my soda? No. They said men are being murdered, but I was arrested for attacking women. How exactly do you think I'm involved? So condescending. Phrases everything in a question. He's angling for control. Have you had many unsolved cases? Cooper will never let that happen. Why do you ask? He's allowing him to have the upper hand so that he can get what he wants. You asked for me, Marcus. Why do you care how I feel about my unsolved cases? Is that frustrating... when you can't figure it out? - Of course. - Was that too personal? I'm sorry. I do that sometimes. Don't worry. I'm sure you'll catch her. Why do you think so? Because you're smart, right? I mean, you're the one with the badge. Beth, Prophet, go to the intake station, get the visitor logs. You guys go get the gear. We're setting up shop here. You really think he's involved? He said that he's sure that we'd catch her. The fact the killer's a woman was never released to the press. He knows who our unsub is. You got it, man. And I'm gonna find out how you're working with her. What are you looking at? You. Am I on your mind? - Are you thinking of me?  - Always. I feel my actions are yours... like you're moving inside me. We have visitor logs and letters. Guards scan and copy each of them before they're mailed in or out. There are hundreds here. These women think they're in a committed relationship with him. I thought my love life was depressing. I know guys like this. The ones who receive the most letters are usually the most violent killers. This guy's a bona fide rock star. Some of these people visit regularly. All his face-to-face conversations are monitored. Let's take a look at the transcripts. This widens the pool in a bad way, guys. Collect the names. Penelope will do psych evals, cross-checking victims of abuse. Also, we should send her the letters, let her check and sweep them, see if she can get the text quickly. This unsub is on a four-day kill cycle. We have to find the submissive to his dominant quickly. He fits the profile. Dominants don't just exercise authority. They have an uncontrollable urge for it. What does he have over her? He's convinced her that violence is the only way to love him. His own twisted version of remote influencing. He clued that he knows the unsub. - He gave us that. - You think it was intentional? Definitely. This is all a game to him. In his mind, he's creating some battlefield... good versus evil. When they got you penned up, that's all you do is play games in your head. He feels powerful when he manipulates. His power makes him arrogant. I'm gonna take that away from him. Sit down. Sit down.  What do you think you're doing? Over there. I thought I was being transferred back to my cell. Do you know how lonely prison is when there's nobody to talk to, when there's nobody to write to? You're nervous. Why should I be? You came to me. You're the one that has to kneel at my feet because you need my help. I'm also the one who can take away what little freedoms you have left. You have privileges. Those can vanish. No letters, no calls, no people. I can cut you off from communicating with anybody. I haven't done anything. I'm just answering your questions. How long do you think it's gonna take for us to figure this out? Give me a name. I play alone. Let me rephrase it for you. Give me her name. I want my lawyer. You ready? Knuckles are cracking, and hit me. The unsub is in direct contact with him. Start with a list of visitors and pen pals. Separate out the women. Look for any with a troubled childhood. Count out anyone living in multifamily homes, even roommates. She's introverted, probably emotionally isolated, and a recluse. That does not help much. Prison groupies are a pretty solitary crowd. Well, she seduces men, which tells us she's functional enough to appear normal. She probably has a steady job. But she's also caught in some type of fantasy world. You got any creative types? Okay, hold on, hotshots. Fingers can only move so fast. Penelope, I need you to check for any changes in the frequency of letters that correspond to the murders. Wait. Here's something. A letter every day, and then nothing for the last two weeks. What do we know about her? Let's see. We know she's 30. Uh, she lives alone, never been married, and she owns a vintage bookstore downtown. Please tell me she's blonde. And it doesn't even look like a dye job. Look at it. Maya Hazel. Talk to us. She had a thyroid glandular deformity when she was young. Wouldn't that cause her to be overweight? And this is the sad part. She wanted to be some sort of ideal woman for him. From the text, it looks like she lost a bunch of weight, worked out like crazy, totally transformed herself. Could this be our girl? If she was heavy, she could have been ridiculed as a child. Those scars last. P, pull her medical records. Any issues with depression? A steady cocktail of tricyclics and MAOIs. I'm checking her pharmacy records right now. Oh, man. Maya tried to commit suicide. She... She was released from the hospital two weeks ago. She hasn't been heard from since. That lines up with our murder. That could be her stressor. Where can we find her? Is there anyone here? Ms. Hazel? Hey, we're with the FBI. We just want to talk to you. Will you explain to my attorney what it is you think I'm guilty of? Trust me, you'll enjoy this. I believe that your client might be an accessory to a series of recent murders. And you're questioning him without his attorney? - I volunteered to talk. - Cooperate now. I'll see to it that your privileges aren't completely revoked. Otherwise, you'll spend the rest of your time here in solitary. How's that make you feel? Don't answer that. Marcus, we know you're working with someone. Our agents are closing in on her as we speak. So if you don't cooperate with us right now, I will throw you in solitary. It's now or it's never. There's no way he's making a deal. Shut up. What are you offering? You confess right now, you give me her name, I'll discuss an appropriated agreement. Confess to what? You think these women are so in love with me they'd go out and kill? - Do you know how ridiculous that sounds? - Marcus, stop talking. Not yet. I mean, what kind of a loser would cut up a man just because I told her to? There's a woman out there, and this woman thinks that you love her. And you think she'd obey me like a dog. It's a joke. I need to be alone with my client. Certainly. Those unsolved cases... that hurts when you can't solve them, doesn't it? You're pretending. You're pretending that none of this gets to you. What's that smell? Guys, you want to check this out. Looks like she's been living here. Yeah, I'd say that. Maya? - Hey, stop! - Aah! Hey, we just want to talk to you about Marcus, Maya! - Maya, stop! - Hey, stop! We read your letters. We know you're heartbroken. It's okay. Okay, Maya, listen, we just want to help you, okay? We just want to help you, that's all. It is over! It is so over! You have to stop, Maya. He said he didn't love me. We know you overdosed a couple weeks ago. You don't want to feel that pain again. Come on, give me the knife. Whatever's running through your head right now is not the answer, okay, Maya? We just want to help you. Now, we're gonna lower our weapons, okay? Do you have any idea what I've done? No, no, no! No! Call an ambulance! Call an ambulance! - Here, stop the blood. - It's okay. I slept with other men for him. He wanted me to imagine it was us, and then he wanted to hear all the details. Okay. It's okay. We know, okay? We also know you didn't really mean to stab those men. What are you talking about? I never stabbed anybody. Hey. Are you sure? Yeah. Okay. What's wrong? Maya Hazel was in therapy the nights of the murders. Marcus manipulated her into having sex with other men, but she's not our unsub. So where to now? Marcus is a narcissist. He would never allow himself to be controlled. His type... they wouldn't even allow anybody to contemplate making a deal for him. I don't know. Rewind the tape for me. Okay. Look at the nonverbals here. Look at the body language. She... She... She's totally submissive. When he is berating anyone that would kill for him, she looks almost ashamed. And that's when she said she wanted a moment alone with him. - These the visitor logs? - Yes. Find out how often she visits him, will you? Well, a lot. They seem to correspond with the mornings after each murder. Call the front gate. That attorney who just left here... Tell them to stop her car from leaving! If she is our unsub, why bring her here? - It's a game. - To what end? To taunt us, to degrade her? Sorry, that car just left the lot two minutes ago. To instruct her to kill her victim, right there in front of us. Nice move. Well played. Well played. I know who she is, though, and I will catch her. So this is your final offer, or that is the last light that you will ever see. Where is Rachel? You ever see kids walk onto a stage at a spelling bee who don't know the answer? That's your answer? They start spelling the word anyway. Then they get stuck. Don't you find that strange? The hot lights in their face... The more they go on, the more confusing it gets. Who is she? Rachel Lancroft, 29 years old. She was a paralegal before she completed her online law degree. She started working on Marcus' appeal three years ago. We have a countywide APB out on her car. She'll stay in the city. Marcus has instructed her every step of the way, so he won't stop now. Are the other guys at the safe house? Yeah. And they're waiting for further instructions. We need to look into her past for any behavioral clues to tell us where she might go. We know she's killing in wealthier, more crowded venues. Why? Wait. Why's Marcus doing this? Because he can. He's a sociopath. A sadist like him has to relive his crimes. The guy's in jail. He needs a surrogate to do it. He's convinced her to do the same sick things he used to do... fusing sex and violence. He's counseling her on precisely how to cut these bodies so these victims die slowly. And then Rachel explains to him in precise detail how the murders took place. Every conversation protected by attorney/client privilege. That's how it flew under the radar. Rachel is so indoctrinated, she... she's lost. She has no idea who she is anymore. He knows we're watching him. Power play is important. So we'll alter this dynamic. How you gonna do that? He's emboldened. He's overconfident. Typically, he's able to control women that are wounded. But... he won't be able to handle a strong, opinionated one. Me? I'd be delighted. He likes to embarrass in front of an audience, so keep your emotions at bay. So don't kick a chair. - Don't kick a chair. - Okay. Take these. Use these. Thank you. Who are you? Are you the boss? No, you're the lady the boss sent in to babysit. I'm the boss. You're the baby. Recognize her? You think showing me a photo of my mother's gonna make me flinch? These are the women in your life... victims, relatives, all the women who inspire so much hostility. You're a predator. You prey upon young, impressionable girls. We know you met Rachel through an online dating site. Wow, you know so much. I bet you don't know what's gonna happen next. You told her she was beautiful, pretended to be her friend, drew her in, encouraged her, told her to finish her law degree and pull her life together, and then you took that newfound confidence she had, and you turned it against her. When she confided in you about her uncle molesting her... Mick. I know where she's going. You turned it on her. You made her feel guilty for what he did. That type of emotional abuse is essential for you, isn't it? Disempowering women, hide your own panic. You tell your girlfriends you can't sleep with them because you don't have conjugal visits. We both know that's not true. You don't sleep with them because you can't. And when we're done here today and details are released about your reprehensible life, one of the things people will remember is how pathetically inadequate you are. We're done. Was that okay? - You were perfect. - Thank you. Perfect. You like to watch people die. Why is that? Do you believe in God? There's a symbol on your holster. It's Samael. He's an angel. Angels only exist in servitude of God. And you, Marcus, name derived from Marchosias, an angel who fell from heaven and became a demon. Is that you? We're the same, you and me. Stop pretending we're not. Is that what you think? Who do you serve? Who are you exactly? If I tell you, it'll ruin the moment. Are you a sexual sadist, Marcus? If you say so. I watched every move you made from behind that glass, every single shift of your body, every single blink of your eye. You said nothing. But you couldn't take your eyes off of the photo, could you? You know, the one that Rachel told you about. The little angel that got away. Do you think you're winning? I think this is over. You're playing chess, but... we're three moves ahead. It's okay. It's okay. You're okay. You're okay. You're okay. It's okay. Are you gonna tell him she's dead? No, but he knows. ## He does not win. I know. The man will be incarcerated for the rest of his life, solitary confinement. We stopped a murderer. It's about as clear a victory as you're gonna get. Yeah. Samuel. Bishop Sanford. You've been coming here more often. Is everything okay? I like the quiet here. Stop being so proud. Can I see it? Of course. Kind of dark, don't you think? I like the texture, and, uh, there's a lot of conflict. He's falling from heaven, but there's nothing underneath to catch him. Because he's being sucked into a black hole. The gravity is so strong that he doesn't even realize that he's falling. You know, most people think that black holes are a dead space. But scientists, uh, believe they're actually alive. They swallow suns. They swallow stars. They swallow whole galaxies. How does it help if the darkness is alive? If they're alive, they can't be the abyss. Your man only needs to open his eyes to see his way to the light. Can I lock up when I leave? - Thank you. - Mm-hmm. Leave that picture here. You don't need to take that home with you. - Good night, Bishop. - Good night. "If you're in pitch blackness, all you can do is sit tight until your eyes get used to the dark." Haruki Murakami. 20-31. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 