Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior 
 s1e3 - See No Evil - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior (2011): Season 1, Episode 3 - See No Evil - full transcript 
 Cooper and his Red Cell team are called in by the Tucson Police Department to capture a serial killer who removes the eyes of the victims. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey, having some trouble? I think it's the battery. It happened to me this morning. Well, I'm no mechanic, but I can take a look. - Well, you sure you don't mind? - Not at all. Okay, I'll get the umbrella. I think I found your problem. Oh! That's wonderful. What's wrong? It's just a loose connection on one of your battery terminals. - Oh, you saw it just like that? - Guess I got good eyes. - Do you? - Huh. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 It's all right. It's all right. Let's just get you leaned against your car, okay? Just like that. Be right back. Now, let's get you out of the rain. Okay, sweetie. Watch your head. Now, let's get you buckled in. Okay, I think we're all set. There we go. Now, I'll just move your head a bit. That's good. Okay, this will help hold you nice and still. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You know what? You're absolutely right. You do have good eyes. How is it you are consistently the first one in here? I'm just the guy who gets the call. Or maybe you're just the guy that waits to notify the rest of us until you're sure you'll be the first one in here. That would be extremely calculating of me, wouldn't it? Yes, it would be. What would that tell you about me? That you're a man who wants to cultivate the mystique of tireless effort, someone who need not sleep. I see you've put a lot of thought into this. Occupational hazard. You don't think we have enough to profile with this case? I have no idea. You haven't told me anything about it. You know, you almost never say what I think you're going to say. That is my mystique. How is it you guys are always the first ones here? All right. Let's roll. Kenneth Richards, 56. His body was found in his car in a parking lot at a supermarket in Tucson, Arizona. We're still waiting on the toxicology reports, but the preliminary indications are that a paralytic was used before he was killed. How many other victims are there? - Just this one so far. - One victim? We are a red cell. There's no mandatory minimum on victims. Yeah, but there's got to be something special, right? Otherwise, we ain't getting invited to the party. If by special you mean the victim's eyes were removed, then, yes. Enucleators are very rare. Not to mention demented. They haven't found the eyes yet. So the unsub's taking them as souvenirs, trophies. Is there a wider shot of the crime scene? - There is. - It's high risk. It takes time to remove both eyes, and it was done in a car park in the middle of broad daylight. This is an unsub who's calm under pressure, who's not easily distracted. There was a good-sized storm in the Tucson area at the time, which means there wasn't a lot of foot traffic. What about security cameras? Not any in the immediate area, no. Any witnesses? Local P.D. haven't found anybody. Who discovered the body? Another driver parked their car next to his. Local P.D.'s on edge. Their chief doesn't know what to make of it. But we all know that offender behavior this extreme does not exist in a vacuum. You're right, it's definitely sending a message. Yeah, but for who? And how many messages does this unsub plan to send? Hi. Bobby Turner, Tucson homicide. Sam Cooper, BAU. Vivian Solis. That's my team... - Agents Sims, Griffith... - Hi. LaSalle, and Rawson. We appreciate you guys coming in. Hope we can help. Well, we cleared out a room for you. It's back this way. So where are you guys on the investigation? Uh, victim's in the mortgage business, 56 years old. We're out to the wife. We're doing background checks on associates, former customers. We understand that the body was found by another driver who just happened by? That's right. Abandoning the body in a public area suggests a lack of a personal relationship between the victim and the offender. Doesn't mean that you shouldn't speak to the wife. Uh, well, this is it. Whatever else you need just let us know. First, I'd like to send Agent Sims and Rawson down to the crime scene. CSI's already been over it. With all the rain, they came back empty. I understand, but my team won't be looking for forensics. Just the lay of the land. Elements you can't see in photographs. - Okay. What else? - Myself and Agent LaSalle will need to speak with the medical examiner and take a look at the body. I'll notify their office. Thank you. Thank you. The, uh, victim's car was parked right over here. - Was the rain forecast? - Sorry? Did the local residents know it was going to rain? Uh, yeah, for days. Why? Could have figured into his plan. Victim was found here. Dead in the car. His clothes are wet. That puts him outside of the car in the rain when the unsub approaches. But he's got no bags with him. He never made it inside the store. Lack of camera coverage can't be a coincidence. Unsub's got to be familiar with the area. It's a predominantly female environment. And with the rain, people don't see as much. They're more focused on getting to where they're going - than what's around them. - Mick. Make sense to you in a location loaded with females, the unsub goes after a man? We figure that probably means a pretty big guy, right? Not if you're using a syringe filled with drugs. A woman. Drugs and poisons are the weapons of choice for a female offender. Right locale, she blends in, no blitz attack. And a syringe doesn't make a mess. Female unsub makes sense. It also means that her appearance didn't raise any anxiety in his mind. Whoever the unsub is, she probably looks safe and normal. Normal people don't cut out a person's eyes. He said looks normal, brother. You don't see "psychotic" coming. Thank you for seeing us, Mrs. Richards. It's just so unimaginable. Is there anyone who can stay with you right now, ma'am? I have two kids in college. They're both on their way home. Great. Uh, your husband was in the mortgage business? He was a mortgage broker, yes. And was everything okay? What I mean is, was there anyone or anything at work that was causing him to be concerned or upset? People are losing their homes. They're looking for someone to blame, someone to send a message through. Ken's business took a big hit, but if there was anyone at work that was worrying him, he didn't let on. Actually, he was gonna get some surgery. He was really looking forward to moving around better. I'm sorry. Did your husband have a physical disability? He had a bad knee. He'd been limping for a while. Why do you ask? Well, a, um... physical limitation could be what attracted the offender to him. It would have made him seem more vulnerable. But why would they want to kill him? Take his eyes? What am I gonna tell my kids? You should tell them that their father loved them. That is the only thing that's gonna make a difference. Tell them that. According to the medical examiner, the cause of death was a lethal dose of fentanyl. The injection site was the lower left of Richards' neck. A blade was used on the eyes, but the removal indicated a lack of medical training. Tell me more about the wound path to the injection site. The angle was upwards, so the victim was clearly taller than the unsub. That fits with Mick's and Prophet's assessment that the unsub's a woman. So let's just go with that scenario, that we're dealing with a female offender. So, it's a woman. So why did she choose him? Because... She saw him limping. She knew which car he'd driven, because she followed him. Having some trouble? She targeted him for that particular time and that particular place for a reason. If we can figure out that why, we can close in on the who. What the hell? Oh, my God. - It was pretty shocking. - I'm sure. If you could give your statement to officer Gomez. Sure. He just stopped for a newspaper on his way to get a cup of coffee, and he found the eyes. She did this in the middle of the day. She's obviously comfortable at both locations... here and the parking lot. - She could be local. - How local? - Like she lives around here? - Or works. This particular vending machine was chosen for a reason. It could be a simple matter of geography. Let's go talk to the CSI guys. Thanks. So what does this mean... leaving his eyes like this? Agent Cooper? She preserved them. This wasn't impulsive. It's part of the game plan. "I could have left them with the body, "but I didn't. "I could have taken them, and I could have thrown them "in a trash can or a Dumpster, "but I didn't. "I could have kept them as a souvenir for myself "so that I could relive the crime "over and over and over again, "but I didn't. Because I needed them." You needed them? She did. She made this giant public display 'cause she's trying to talk to us. And what is she saying to us? "I'm not done." We believe that the offender is female. She's probably Caucasian or Latina based on the area's demographics. Also, based on the high-risk offense, the public display of the victim's eyes, her familiarity with the two locations, we believe that she's probably a local here. She used a newspaper vending machine to get her message out, which actually gives us a lot of insight. She could have posted a jpeg image of the eyes online, but she didn't. So we think our unsub is between the ages of 40 and 60 and much more comfortable with print media. What agent LaSalle really means is that if you still read a newspaper, you're old. Use of media sometimes suggests a political motive, but we don't have enough information to make that kind of connection yet. Whatever it is, she wants us to see something, and this is her way of bringing attention to the issue. What's most important here is that we do not believe that she has completed her statement. She's been trying to speak to us, but we haven't been able to figure out what the message is. And she will not stop until we do. Hey, you taking a break? All right, so you have a row of these newspaper things, right? USA Today, The Journal, The Times, etc. But our unsub chose the Tucson Outlook. Why? Because it costs 50 cents, and the others cost a buck each. Did Cooper teach you to read yet? Can I get a sports section please? Hang on. What have you got? Obit. Used to live in Manhattan, force of habit. That's a fine habit you have, reading obituaries. Rent control. It's more like chasing a dream. Listen up. "Steven Lawford, age 46, "passed away after complications following surgery at Hope Memorial Hospital." Hope Memorial. Didn't Cooper say that our victim was planning some kind of knee surgery? Bit of a coincidence, yes? That's enough to check it out. You almost made it sound like we know who we're looking for. Getting a better idea. It's not going to be soon enough, is it? Honestly, I don't know. So what does this do to you? 'Cause I got to tell you, I work homicide, and cutting out someone's eyes, that's new to me. Let's hope it stays that way for you. - You want a coffee? - No. It's bad enough trying to unwind after Jack kills Jill, but this? How long does it take you to unwind? I'll let you know if I ever do. Before, you didn't tell me what you were an expert in, but it's them, isn't it? The offenders. You have to know them. You can't be afraid. But I watched you. You weren't just processing a crime scene. You were with her... channeling her, imagining that you'd done the things that she did. Just because I choose to walk in their worlds doesn't mean I have to stay there. Excuse me. I think we might have found a connection. Yeah? Today's Tucson Outlook ran an obit for a man named Steven Lawford. He died at Hope Memorial after having surgery. Ken Richards was supposed to have knee surgery. I just spoke with Mrs. Richards. Surgery was planned for Hope Memorial Hospital. You think this could be a doctor? The M.E. Didn't think so. Still, I want you two to go to the M.E.'s office, find out if the autopsy report of Lawford shows any traces of fentanyl. One man dies after knee surgery, another one dies before it, there's got to be a link here somewhere. Yes, I remember the case well. I did Mr. Lawford's autopsy about three weeks ago. His knee surgery seemed to go okay, as far as I could tell, but apparently an infection set in... - MRSA. - Staph? Yes, MRSA actually kills more people in this country in one year than AIDS. So he got the infection in the hospital? Yes, 80% of exposures are health care related. That's another reason I hate those places. Ah, here it is. Unfortunately, Mr. Lawford did not respond to antibiotics. Eventually, it got into his bloodstream. The infection resulted in endocarditis. It's a swelling of the heart. The actual cause of death was cardiac arrest. Is it possible that the infection can mask the presence of another medication, something like fentanyl. Are you suggesting that his death might have been a homicide? The unsub left our first victim's eyes with a newspaper carrying the obituary of Mr. Lawford. We're just looking for a link. The post-mortem was thorough, but I will run his tissue samples one more time just to be sure. You know, the family was obviously upset, the wife especially. She wanted answers. Her husband goes in for routine surgery and never comes home? So she blamed the doctor. Her husband suffered terribly, and she felt his death was senseless. I can't really say I disagree. You got something for us, Penelope? Open wide and say, "Aha." Not only did Mrs. Lawford believe that her husband's death was senseless, she did what every red-blooded American would do in her situation... she hired a lawyer. And? A claim letter was sent to the hospital and her husband's surgeon alleging malpractice, but actual legal papers were never filed. Oh, so she settled. Apparently very quickly and quietly. Financially compensated, but no public acknowledgement of wrongdoing. Cash buys a lot of "no comment." She have any medical training? She is an X-ray technician at an MRI center. And, "aha," again... that center is two blocks from that newspaper vending machine. Age sounds right, she works in the health care industry, and she's local... sounds like a pretty good fit. Thanks, P. Yep. The divine Miss G out. I want you and Mick to go to Mrs. Lawford's office. Detective Solis and I are gonna go to her home. Emergency tech to the E.R. I'm very sorry. Dr. Florio is running a little late today. I hope you don't mind. I don't think anybody's home. Agent Rawson says she left work about an hour ago. She got kids. School's getting out about now. They should be home soon. Where is she? Mom could be out there hunting right now... Still make it back in time to fix dinner. All right. I understand you're a new patient. I've been having a lot of trouble with my knee. Well, Dr. Florio's a wonderful surgeon. Now, if you could just lay back, so I can have a look and let the doctor know what's going on. It's... It's the left knee. Structurally, everything feels intact. Well, maybe it's just my imagination, then. It's okay. It's okay. Oh, I'm sorry. You probably need to lay down more than I do. Let's just get you comfortable. That's it. Now, I'll have to turn your head just a bit. I'm sorry if my hands are cold. That's perfect. And what we'll be doing here today is going to help so many other people. You should be very proud of yourself. Now, hold still. Karen Martin. She's been a nurse here for 15 years. We were right about the message. You see, her head's been turned so that when you enter the room, the first thing you see is her punctured ear. It's becoming more personal. It's much more high risk. When Custer's body was found after Little Big Horn, they reported that a Native American woman had taken a sewing needle and jammed it into his ear so that he could better hear them in the afterlife. This one used an ice pick, so it could jam through the cartilage and the bone. What do you hear? Hey. Just showed Lawford's photograph to the rest of the staff here. No luck with an I.D. Yet. Anything else? Female, 40s, brown hair, slight build. General description fits Lawford. She filled out an intake sheet, but it got put in her medical file. Which she took with her. Probably means it wasn't her first time here. We'll get with Tucson P.D., have them run a check on anyone who might have seen her here in the waiting room. I'll also tell them to leave the unmarked units at Lawford's house. All right. Yeah? - Dr. Florio? - Yes. I'm Sam Cooper. I'm with the FBI. I was seeing patients. I... I heard one of the girls scream, so I came running, and I... I found... Karen. I understand that you and Ms. Martin were extremely close. - Is that correct? - She basically ran my practice. Well, we think there's a chance that the killer used Ms. Martin to target you. To target me? I don't... I don't understand. Our information is that Steven Lawford and Kenneth Richards were both your patients. What would that have to do with it? Mr. Richards was murdered a few days ago. The killer used his eyes to lead us to Steven Lawford. You think a patient did this to Karen to get at me? Our profile suggests a female offender, 40 to 60 years old. Right now we're thinking that it's a family member who blames you for a bad outcome. Who? - Steven Lawford's wife. - His wife? Mr. Lawford died of a staph infection. The surgery went fine. He shouldn't have died. - It wasn't my fault. - She blames you. Yes, I know she blames me, and she called here a number of times. Did she make any threats? I wouldn't say that they amounted to threats, but after a while, there was nothing more to say. Karen told everyone in the office not to put her calls through anymore. I understand. Thank you for your time. Hey, look, am I in any danger here? Someone will see to your safety. Let's get back to Lawford's house. She's got kids. They'll be coming home soon. Okay, this is Lawford. Wait till she exits the car. Take her then. Roger that. Hold. Now! Go! Move! FBI! Hands in the air! What? - Interlace your fingers behind your head. - What's going on? Do you have anything sharp in your pockets? Any weapons, a syringe, anything I can cut myself on? No, of course not. Please, what is going on? What is this about? My name's Sam Cooper. I'm with the FBI. - I don't understand. - Where are you coming from? I'm coming from, uh... from the market. I bought dinner for my kids. Wait. Where are my children? Your children are fine. They're with police officers. What? What happened? Are they okay? Your children, they're safe. We do have some questions about your husband. - My husband? - You made some allegations against the hospital and the doctor that treated your husband. Do you remember those allegations, ma'am? - They killed him. - Who killed him? Steven developed an infection after his surgery. He was in agony, but they never cared. I understand. It must be very frustrating to you that the people you hold responsible for the death of your husband are still out there going unpunished. Frustrating doesn't come close. They killed the man I love, the father of my children. You heard about the murders at the supermarket? Yeah, of course, I've... Wait a minute. Is that what this is about? You watched your husband suffering. If you thought that there was somebody else who was gonna go through that kind of suffering, it's understandable that you would want to do anything in your power to prevent that from happening. I did the only thing that I could do to honor my husband. I raised hell, and the hospital settled with me. You don't sound too happy about that. I have children to support. What else could I do? But happy? No. I'm not happy that I had to reduce my husband to a dollar amount. I want my kids brought back here now, or I'll sue you. Car's clear, Coop. Come on. None of the other patients we tracked down in Florio's office could I.D. Mrs. Lawford, and it looks like she's got a pretty solid alibi. A disgruntled patient still makes sense. How about we get a subpoena for the doctor's files? He has over 70 patients that fit our demographic. Not gonna fly. Judges are loathe to violate doctor-patient privilege. Can we get this doctor to waive it? It's not his to waive. The privilege belongs solely to the patient. What if it's not a patient? This unsub is familiar with the procedures at a medical office, right? Which would suggest some sort of health-care provider, maybe a nurse. That could explain how she got in and out of the office so quickly. She'd have known the layout of the place. She'd have known the back doors or what the other workers would have noticed or not. So if it is a nurse, is she an angel of mercy or an angel of death? Penelope, it's Coop. Tell me where it hurts. How many nurses or nurse's aides are connected with the care of surgical patients in Hope Memorial Hospital? There are over 40 nurses that work there, at least twice that number of aides. All right, send the lists to Gina's phone for me, okay? On its way faster than you can say 4G. Wait. Hold the next generation for a second. What is it? I am not the first tongue depressor in this database. What do you mean? An investigation was opened six months ago against Hope Memorial Hospital with the State Medical Board. What kind of investigation? A letter was sent claiming dangerous rates of staph infections connected to surgeries being performed there. Steven Lawford died of a staph infection three weeks ago at Hope Memorial. Who sent the letter to the State Medical Board? It was anonymous. Hospital never found the person who sent it. What happened next? Allegations were never substantiated. All right, so let's ride with this. Let's say there's a nurse who's trying to blow the whistle on the hospital's infections rates, but she's too afraid to come forward, so she writes this anonymous letter instead. And nobody pays attention, so nothing happens. And then three weeks ago, Steven Lawford dies from exactly what she was warning about. But still nothing happens 'cause the hospital settled with Lawford's wife. That's the last straw. That's what sets her off. She's been watching all these people suffering, which is a violation of her oath, so she rationalizes that killing Richards so she can save him from the kind of death that Lawford experienced. We got to find the person that wrote the letter. Detective Solis? I'm sorry, guys. I can't do this right now. But we understand there was a second murder, and that the killer sent some kind of a message? Can you at least confirm that? Yes, there was a second homicide. - What about the message?  - We're not really sure. But if this person has something to say, we wish they'd say it already. You know, this is an active investigation, so I really... A letter was sent to the State Medical Board complaining about the hospital's infection rates. I'm the hospital's lawyer. I'm familiar with it. But, uh, what you're referring to is an anonymous letter. Yeah, well, whoever wrote it isn't so anonymous anymore. What are you talking about? We believe whoever wrote that letter is responsible for at least two murders. This is a list of nurses and nurse's aides who work here. Can you think of anyone on this list who might hold a grudge against Dr. Florio or this hospital? Someone who might try to blow the whistle. There was no whistle to blow. We presented our statistics to the State Medical Board, proving that the higher infection rate was an aberration. An aberration. There was a brief spike, but then the levels returned to normal. - Can you just look at the list? - I'm sorry, agents. But if you're aware of the letter, you're aware of the fact that we searched for months to find this person at considerable cost, but we never could. Thank you for your time. No luck, Coop. They never found their whistle-blower. Okay, you and Prophet sit tight. I'll get back to you. Wants us to wait. Here? I hate hospitals. So does Mick. What is it with men and hating hospitals? We don't like anything that reminds us we're weak. That was really deep, Prophet. They got nothing. What do we know about the nurses on this list? Garcia's running background checks, but so far nothing. Is it even possible that someone so nuts could be working at the hospital without anyone knowing it? Truth is most offenders do not stand out. Don't tell me we have to wait for her to kill somebody else, 'cause I just told a reporter outside, if she's got something to say, she should just come out and say it. You talked to the press? I just confirmed what they already knew. That's very provocative. That could put her on a fast track. A fast track? I told you, this is all a part of some agenda, that if she doesn't think that we understand it, she's gonna keep making her point over and over and over again until we do. So where's she go now? What's next? All right, first victim was left in his car. But Karen Martin... she was posed specifically for Florio. With an ice pick in her ear. So what were you thinking? What was on her mind? The public wasn't seeing. Florio wasn't listening to her. This doctor, he knows who she is, whether he realizes it or not. Yeah, Coop, we got him. He's coming out of surgery now. We think you know who she is. I'm on my way to see a patient. Yeah? Hope they don't have a staph infection. - What are you talking about? - Steven Lawford. Agent Cooper said you already cleared Mrs. Lawford. We did, but a few months before her husband died, someone wrote a letter to the State Medical Board warning of a staph infection. Which has nothing to do with me. Doc, this offender chose to single you out for a reason. Think carefully. What may have seemed innocuous at the time could be of vital importance now. All right, look, I didn't find out about the letter until after Lawford died. By that time, the hospital had already gotten a clean bill of health. And even now, I can't be sure it was her. Who? Her name is Margaret McKenna. She was a nurse here, and I think it was one time... it was just one one time that she mentioned a problem to me about infections. Margaret McKenna! FBI! FBI! Clear! - Clear! - Clear! We got surgical instruments, hypodermic needles, and, uh, it looks like we just missed her. Sam? We're in the house, but she's not here. Hey, Coop, it's definitely her, but she's nowhere to be seen. All right, back out. Lock her place down, see if she shows up. Copy that. This is her. She's not at her home. - So where is she? - That's the big question. Ms. McKenna? That's right. Ms. Gilroy's ready to see you. This is Margaret McKenna. Come in. Coop? She still hasn't come home. Tucson police have an APB out and extra units on the street looking, though. - Stay with them on that. - You got it. Penelope? Yeah, I'm tracking her credit cards, but she hasn't used them. What else you got, P? Give me something, all right? Margaret McKenna worked at Hope Memorial for a little over a year. She resigned three weeks ago. That's right after Lawford died. Oh, Cooper, I have got some bright red flags. Talk to me. Margaret McKenna worked at over seven hospitals in the last 15 years, and at every one of them, there are allegations of dangerous infection rates... the Philippines, Chicago, Denver, and each one of those allegations - were made anonymously. - Thanks, P. She's done this before. It's Munchausen by proxy? The infection rate rises because she induces it. She brings it with her. And then warns the hospital in a letter. She was waiting to come forward for recognition when Lawford died. Only the hospital settles with Lawford's wife, so she never gets the chance. Her recognition never comes. The hospital's payoff to Mrs. Lawford, that's what lit her fuse. So what's the endgame? Eyes and ears, right? Eyes and ears. Point one, see no evil. Point two, hear no evil. Point three, speak no evil. It's the hospital lawyer. It's the mouthpiece. That's the target. And just how can I help you, Ms. McKenna? Margaret, please. Margaret. My assistant mentioned that you have questions about your exit package. Actually, I want to talk about Steven Lawford. Lawford? He's a patient who died at this hospital following surgery. I'm sorry. And what is your connection to that? Maybe it would be easier if I could just show you. Show me? Show me what? This is a letter that I wrote to the State Medical Board. You? I tried! I tried so hard to do it right this time, but you just wouldn't let it happen. I don't know why I'm so surprised. You're a lawyer, after all. Please don't. Do you see how hard it is to talk? Now maybe you can understand how difficult it was for me to speak up. Now, I told that medical board. I told them that those infection rates were dangerously unacceptable! And I gave you a chance! I gave you Lawford! Well, now I am going to show you what it's like when you can't talk. See? You see how your mouth is open, but it doesn't mean that anyone is actually listening to anything you have to say, right? Now, I would leave it at that, but the tongue is the fastest healing organ in the body. Did you know that? So if we were to stop now, you would be up and about and in court in no time, and that's not what my patients deserve. Margaret, drop it. Drop it. No, this has to be done! She has to know what it's like to not be heard! Hey, everything you've done, it was to tell us something. Well, we're listening, Margaret. But this... This isn't the way. This isn't what you want. All you've done, you're still a nurse, and you swore an oath to take care of people. And this woman right here, she needs your help. You can save her. You're the only one who can save her right now... The only one. Shame on you. I'll let the E.R. know. Well, you don't have to worry. She's not going to die. No, I wanted this one to live. I wanted her to live just like this. Let's go. You're gonna be all right. That poor man, Richards, was limping into a house of horrors, and he couldn't see it. If it was a house of horrors, it was a house that you created. These three wise monkeys, the ones that whisper in our ear to speak no evil, hear no evil, see no evil. Their proverb was a code... a code for us to avoid evil, not to create it. Everywhere you worked, the same story. These hospitals, they were infected. What they were infected with was you. I have a skill. I have a skill. I have a purpose on this earth. I give comfort to people in their time of sickness. I've saved lives. You've saved no one. You've saved nothing. You just wanted to feel needed, and the needy are all around you, but you couldn't see them. You're the one who couldn't see, and you're the one who couldn't hear. You're the one whose words were false. I sounded the alarm! You just wanted to feel recognized. And now you'll be recognized. You'll be remembered not as a champion, not as an angel, but as an empty, heartless woman who tried to play God. You're wrong. Hey. I just came by to say thank you. That's not necessary. No, I think it is. I almost really screwed things up. This woman... she was set on a course. Nothing could have stopped that. In fact, you know what? If you hadn't have called her out, then more people would have died. Good call. To imagine, I almost went to nursing school. But how does someone turn something so noble into something so evil? She just lost her way. I don't know what compass she was using, but she got plenty lost. I get lost myself sometimes. But you know what they say. The only way out... is through. It was great working with you. Yeah. Home sweet home. Finally. I'd say let's go get a cold beer, but I think the bars are closed. How about we get a head start on that paperwork? You know, I'm fine with leaving it till tomorrow. Yeah. Later, boss. - Sorry, Coop. - Night. Night. You did it again. What? Only this time, you made sure you were the last one here. See you tomorrow, Beth. No, no, no, I would love to catch up on that paperwork. I got a million things I could do. I got email, long-distance phone calls to make, office supplies to steal. All right. How about we leave together? Okay. After you. Oh, no. After you, please. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 