Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior 
 s1e1 - Two of a Kind - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior (2011): Season 1, Episode 1 - Two of a Kind - full transcript 
 Cooper and his Red Cell team are called to Cleveland to investigate a series of child abductions. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hey. I was just about to call you. That is so funny, because Samantha keeps asking me to have a play date with Hannah. Let me go check the calendar. - I'll hide, you find me. - No, it's my turn. You always get to hide. Because when you hide, I find you in, like, five seconds. Mom! Connor, give your sister a turn. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Fine. This time, you're never gonna find me. Whatever. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15... 21, 22, 23, 24, 25... Hey, excuse me. Um, have you seen this little girl? Her name is Caroline. I wonder if you could take a closer look. We're just, um... You know, we're really, uh... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 We're really scared about her, because she's just been missing. We just don't know what to do. Do you want to look closer? Can you see it? Does she look familiar to you? Here, take a look. Take a closer look. Would you mind? I know she's gotta be here somewhere. 98, 99, 100. Ready or not, here I come! Earlier today in an upscale suburb of Cleveland, the unthinkable has happened. Eight-year-old Samantha Weller has been abducted in front of the family home. Through the afternoon, evening, and late into the night, police and volunteers continue to search for the little girl whose disappearance has gripped the hearts of Ohio, as an anxious Cleveland holds its breath, wanting to know what happened to little Samantha. By all accounts, the parents are loving, they're responsible... and they're terrified. The police interviewed them separately? Yeah. Alibi seems rock solid. Nine-year-old brother was right there in the front lawn in broad daylight. And this is a safe neighborhood. So whoever did this was taking a huge risk. Or he's very patient and very good. So this is what it looks like... an abduction by a stranger. I don't have to remind you guys of the odds we're looking at. Five minutes, downstairs. One good thing about flying at 2 a.m., there's no traffic at the airport. Director. I don't get this obsession you have with self-defense, Sam. Kickboxing and stick-fighting. I mean, you do carry a gun, don't you? It's not just about self-defense. It's about keeping body, mind, and spirit in balance. But that's not why you're here. You're going to Cleveland. Yes. Is Agent Sims going with you? I'm sorry. I mean "Special Agent Pending." What exactly are your concerns, Director? Should Sims come face to face with whomever abducted this little girl, I want to be sure that that person survives the encounter. Don't make it like I'm crazy. He killed a child molester. He was arrested, he was convicted, he served time. That was a long time and a full pardon ago. Agent Sims is as disciplined an agent as I have ever worked with. Nobody is going rogue here. Nobody. Agent Sims. Director. What brings you down here this time of night? I'm thinking of taking up kickboxing. Let's ride. Director. Oh, man... it's a zoo. Agent Cooper? Rob Trussman, Cleveland P.D. - Please call me Sam. - Sure. - Tell me what I need to know here. - I wish there was more to tell. We've combed the whole area, spoken to the neighbors, conducted a full search inside the house. We're dead in the water. It's like she just disappeared. Yeah, we know she didn't. Somebody took her. What my team does is we fill in the blanks, flesh out all the details one by one until we can paint a picture of who that might be. - Talk to you for a second? - Sure. What I'd really like to do is sit with the family all together, get a sense of the family dynamics. I'll meet you inside. Thanks. We're half a mile from the freeway. If this is somebody from outside, I want to know the route that they drove in here. I'll bring up satellite maps, assess ingress and egress. I'm with you. Like you two to take a second look at the immediate landscape... all the crawlspaces, the drainage pipes, the sinkholes. You know where I'm going. Everybody's looking for Samantha alive. We have to consider the alternative as well. All right? 17 hours. We can still find her. Then we got to find him. The guy who took her. Hey, man, we don't know it was a guy. Eight-year-old girl, pretty, blonde? It's a guy. I just want to be the first one to get to him. How about we go over the timeline again? You were in the driveway with the bike. Molly had just stepped away, and three, four minutes later, Connor came and said he couldn't find his sister. What happened next? That's when I came back outside, and I saw the two of them, standing there. Connor, how about that moment when your mom came back outside? Do you remember that? We've been over everything so many times already. Is it really necessary to put him through this? I'm gonna need a detailed account of Samantha's schedule. I want you to write down anything and anyone that she comes in contact with at all. - All right? - Of course. Thank you for talking with me. You've been very helpful. I'm gonna need to talk with the brother alone if it's possible. You think he's hiding something? Not that he's aware of. He's so traumatized, it's possible that his emotions are clouding some memory. Get this area out here vacated. Be best for us to do it on the front lawn where the event happened. I might be able to clear out the civilians, but the media are gonna be harder to wrangle. Well, think of something. Thanks. Please! It's important information! Please! I need to talk to someone! Excuse me, is there a problem? I need to talk to someone in the FBI. Do you have information about Samantha? - Yes. - Come on, it's okay. What is your name? Jeanette Rawlins. What's going on? I lied. I saw all this on the news. I took a bus all the way over here so I could try and talk to someone. You can talk to me. My name is Agent Griffith. Please tell me what's happening. I live in East Cleveland. It's not like this neighborhood. My daughter, Aisha, she went missing nine days ago. Okay, what happened when you contacted police? They interviewed me, talked to some of my neighbors. That was nine days ago. I understand. Why are all these police and dozens of volunteers and a special FBI team out looking for Samantha, but there is no one out looking for my little girl? I would like you to meet me at the 62nd precinct in one hour, and I promise you, we will take care of this. I promise. Will you please make sure she gets to the 62nd precinct? This way, ma'am. What was that about? That woman's name is Jeanette Rawlins. Her daughter disappeared nine days ago from East Cleveland. You think there's a connection? It's pretty rare for an offender to cross racial lines. Hard to imagine an unsub comfortable in this neighborhood also trolling East Cleveland. It's outrageous. She has to come all the way down to our crime scene just to get some help. Hey, Coop? Backyard is clear. Crawlspaces are sealed. There's no basement access. All right, I want a full canvass, six-block radius. I want you to knock on every door, look every neighbor in the eye, and check every dumpster and every trash can, all right? Let's go. I'll see you at the 62nd precinct. Quiet neighborhood. No one saw or heard anything unusual. Presumably, Samantha's a smart little girl. She's not gonna jump in a car with someone she doesn't know. So if the unsub was a stranger, he's smart. He used a sophisticated ruse to get her in the car. Which means he may have abducted before. Logistically, this wasn't easy for him to pull off. His window of opportunity was incredibly small. He was cruising that neighborhood for a while before he finally found that target. What about contacts from her wider world? Her mom put her schedule and a list of names on a flash drive. Talk to me about this other abduction. Aisha Rawlins, also eight-years-old. African-American. Her mother contacted police from East Cleveland's 92nd precinct. I know that area. It's ten times the crime, half the detectives. Looks like Detective Trussman's about to make a statement. That's my cue. I'll be back in 30. Why would Cooper have him do this now? We don't have any new information. He wanted the front of the house cleared, so he's having Trussman hold a press conference a block and a half away. Very smart. Unfortunately, the whereabouts of Samantha Weller are still unknown at this time. Memory's funny, the way it works. Like you to try to tell me when you first went looking for Samantha. It's okay if you can't remember everything. It's really important that you don't make anything up, all right? Okay. I walked out to the curb, and I didn't see her anywhere. Okay. Why don't you try closing your eyes? We're gonna try to remember exactly what happened yesterday. Was there smells in the air? Oh, yeah. A whole bunch of smells, all mixed together. Good. Were there any sounds? Like birds? Leaves? Cars? Oh, yeah! I saw a car. Um, a light blue van. - Mm-hmm. - Like, sky blue. It was, like, right over there, and there were no windows on either sides. Was it familiar to you? Did it belong to anybody you know? No, nobody who lives around us. That was good. That's really good work. Hey, Penelope, you with us? Hello, Cleveland, home of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Currently crunching through Samantha's schedule. Okay, hold off on that for a second. We need you to find a light blue panel van, only has rear windows, no make, no model, no year. Okay, thank you. Gear change. Cross-checking Ohio motor vehicle data with registered sex offenders, and... - Nope.  - Widen the search, P. - Give us all Midwestern states. - Okay. Uh, there's a guy in Wisconsin who's a registered offender with a blue van, but he is currently incarcerated. - Penelope up to speed? - Yeah, searching the vans now. Great. There are 19,000 registered sex offenders in Ohio. You would think that one of them has a blue van. - Huh.  - Is that a good "huh" or a bad "huh"? It's a curious "huh." I'm perusing names in your area, and there's a guy on the sex offender list, Drew Leland. He doesn't have a blue van, but why does that name sound so familiar? Drew Leland. Because he's connected to Samantha's schedule, that's why. Get this. Every Tuesday, Samantha attends the Morrison Memorial Branch Library. Oh, my gosh, yes. And convicted sex offender Drew Leland runs story time at that rec center.  He should be there right now. That's great. We got a sex offender in the library. Okay, uh, guys, you should also know that he got out of jail four months ago, and he still hasn't registered with local authorities. You're the best, Penelope. You're the best. Yeah, I'm in good company. - Agent Griffith? - Yes. Jeanette Rawlins is here. Jeanette, thank you so much for coming. Sam, this is Jeanette Rawlins, Aisha's mother. Ms. Rawlins, uh, I'm Special Agent Sam Cooper. I'm sorry about what's happened. Agent Griffith said I should come. She promised she would help find Aisha. You're gonna help me, aren't you? We're working two cases now. I'm gonna stay here with Beth. We're gonna focus on Aisha. Want you three to get out there and bring Samantha home. It's gonna be okay. Have a seat. Can I get you anything? Uh, yeah. Just got here. Don't worry, Coop. If he's here, the three of us can handle him. "And so the sad little goat "told the piggies that he couldn't be their friend anymore." Drew Leland? Hey, can we talk for a minute? Uh, I'm right in the middle here. Can it wait? I know how much you enjoy the company of children, Drew, but, no, it can't. Let's go. Come on. Excuse me? We're looking for Drew Leland. - Is he here today? - What is this regarding? Come on, man, is this really necessary? Coming to the rec center, scaring the kids? Oh, I'm scaring the kids? I'm scaring the kids? Hey, I did my time. - Where's Samantha? - What? Samantha Weller. She disappeared yesterday ten blocks from here. - Where is she? - The kid on TV? I don't know anything about that. You know what, I don't believe you. I'm gonna ask you one more time! - Where is she? - Whoa, whoa, whoa, Prophet! Prophet, look, he's not our guy. Hey, I got his timecard. Guy worked open to close the last five days straight. He's not our guy. I told you, I'm innocent. - You're far from innocent. - Come on. Come on. It says in your police file there was a witness? Maybe. Police weren't sure if what he saw was connected or not. There's a Korean man that works at a smoke shop down the block. Doesn't speak English very well. He doesn't know Aisha. What did he tell the police? Around 5:00, he saw a little black girl getting into a light blue van. A light blue van? That's what he said. Thank you. This is very helpful to us. Call the D.A. Hold him for a parole violation. This way. You were a little rough back there, Prophet. Well, call me crazy. I don't like child molesters. Hey, listen, man. I understand, all right? But you gotta stay detached. You can't let emotions get in your way. Hey, Coop. There's a witness in the Aisha Rawlins case who saw an eight-year-old African-American girl getting into a vehicle in East Cleveland. Guess what kind of vehicle that was. A light blue van, two back windows? Same city, same car, eight days apart. It's the same guy. First he takes a black girl from the inner city, then a white girl from the suburbs. I don't get it. So, look, if you stop crying and behave yourself, we can have ice cream, okay? But if you're bad, I'm gonna have to punish you. So don't be bad, be good. Okay? There's a very special reason that I brought you here, Samantha. Come here. Come on. I'll show you something. I think you'll really like it. Come on. But no crying, no screaming, okay? All right? Do you guys want to watch a movie or something? Huh? Watch some TV? What do you say? Two girls, eight days apart. Victimology could not be more divergent. Race, socioeconomic class. Unsub's got to be white. I mean, come on. Black guy cruising around in Samantha's neighborhood in a van for hours? - Somebody would have noticed. - Let's get P on. Talk to me, friends. Okay, tell us about similar crimes in Samantha Weller's area over the last couple of years. Been there, done that. There's, like, the occasional burglary, a bike stolen here or there, but as far as crime goes, pretty much zilch. Certainly no abducted minors. We're also looking into another case that we think is connected. East Cleveland, 92nd precinct, a girl named Aisha Rawlins. Okay, I'm pulling that up now. There's a whole different crime story there. Anything else involving a missing girl? Uh, yeah. Four months earlier about a mile and a half from Aisha Rawlins' address, African-American, Wanda Barloff, nine years old, one day, she's just gone. Field office out there advised on the case, but it's still open. Make that case the center of a new search. Okay. Uh... There's another one five months earlier. Euclid neighborhood, African-American, Ruby Cross. Her dad ducked into a store. He left her outside for just a second. You got any witness statements from either of those cases? Uh, nothing on the most recent one, but on the Ruby Cross one nine months earlier, I got a statement from the dad. I'm pulling it up.  Just a sec. It says... He said half a block down, he saw a light blue van driving away. Hey, Cooper, we got three inner-city girls, months apart, different precincts, all high-crime areas. And the detectives never compared case files? All right. You, me, Prophet, gonna head down to the east side, start working those cold cases. Have Gina get down to the precinct, get with Beth, and start working their geographic magic. We got four locations now. Let's find those disposal sites. Four girls, nine months. There's a body out there somewhere. Yeah. You have pretty hair. But I just said you have pretty hair. Is that so terrible? - What are you looking at? - Nothing. I'm sorry. I want to go home. You are home, okay? You're home. Tell you what. Tell you what. Let's do something else, okay? Let's play a board game. Let's do something else. Come on. This is gonna be fun. It's gonna be really fun. Look, it's this a really great board game. It's been 9 months and 11 days. And this is where it happened? I was walking Ruby home from my sister's place. Neighborhood's not a good area. You know, just... stray bullets, drug dealers. I never let her walk alone. Ever. She was standing... right here in the parking lot? I just went inside for some milk. And I... I just left her out here to finish her ice... finish her ice cream. Two, three minutes later, she's gone, man. Ruby Cross... terrible thing. Single dad, raising that little girl. And you were the lead detective on the case? Yeah. At first we thought the mom was behind it. She'd been in all kinds of trouble. Oh, should have called you guys in from day one. Must carry a pretty full caseload here, huh? Full? Yeah, we passed full a long time ago. Working down here, it's like working Baghdad. Gunshots every night, open murder cases piling up on our doorsteps. This... This was our one ray of hope. Pulled this from evidence storage when you called. - A hair band. - Yeah. That belonged to Ruby Cross. Lucky for us, her dad wrote her phone number on all her things. Burial being the preferred method of disposal for male unsubs, we are looking for isolated areas, road access, and privacy. I've got five good candidates within ten miles of his area of control. Can you narrow the field? Okay, this program will offer us statistical probabilities for each site, but basically, it's just a machine making a guess. Mick, what do you got? A hair band belonging to Ruby Cross found in the 400 block of Westerson Boulevard two weeks after she disappeared, no postmortem banding, indicating she was still alive. Well, he's not like he's running around the city with her every day for two weeks. No, he would have kept her somewhere secure. He was careful in the abduction. He would have been very careful about keeping her captive. So he's keeping her somewhere and then he moves them. Taking her to a disposal site with plans to end things there. And for the record, this is the only instance in which I hope to be wrong. So he's traveling down the 400 block of Westerson. Where is he going? What's he heading toward? - There... Grandville. So there's road access and little to no chance of a witness. Hey! I think I got something. Coop, I think we got another one. We need a full media blackout. No information goes outside the department. Next step is full restoration, everything as we found it. Fill in the graves, clear out of here by dark, post detectives on stakeout. He's been here twice that we know of. He may try and return. Thank you. Thank you. Two African-American girls, both wrapped in sheets, both buried holding dolls. What's it mean? Respect? Remorse even? Maybe. I want you two to get with Molly Weller, Jeannette Rawlins, see if there's any special significance to these dolls. There's no positive I.D. yet, but the M.E. says there is a good physical match for the first two abductions... Ruby Cross and Wanda Barloff. All right. You and Prophet go to the morgue. Get the results to me. - What are you doing? - I just don't see why we gotta wait around a morgue when we could be looking for this guy. We're not looking for a guy. We're looking for two little girls, remember? - I know that, okay? I just... - You just what? We're not vigilantes. This is not some personal mission of vengeance. We're here to find two little girls and maybe, just maybe, the unsub who took them and bring him to justice... alive. That's our job. If you can't do that, you're getting in my way. The good news here, people, is that neither Samantha or Aisha is in that ground, which means that they're out there somewhere, waiting for us to find them. So let's not indulge our anger here. Lives are at stake. Minutes count. Let's move. I'm sorry. It is way too early for me to comment. You gotta give us something. I'm not comfortable signing off on any results until I've conducted full autopsies. We're not here for a legal opinion. There's two missing girls out there, and we plan on finding them alive. Hey. You looked over the bodies. What did you see? Off the record, comparing police reports with estimated times of death, he kept each girl alive for a week or two after abduction. And what else? Both girls were strangled, from the looks of it, probably with his bare hands. What else you got? No evidence of abuse. No bruising, broken bones. And, uh, here's a surprise... No signs of sexual assault. Excuse me. So our unsub is not a pedophile. No. We're dealing with something else altogether. Come on. Come on! I don't know what it is you want! I don't want to play a game! I want to go home! I want to go home, too. You are not helping. Why are you doing this to us? This is not working out the way I want it to. Okay, that's it. That's it. Back to your room. Back to your room right now! Back to your room! Back to your room. Do you know what you are? You are ungrateful! You know what ungrateful is? It means you do not appreciate what other people do for you! Do you hear me? Ungrateful! Ungrateful! - Hey. - Okay. Here's the deal on the dolls. Each one was bought in Cleveland approximately one to two weeks after each girl was abducted, so, like, doll one was bought 13 days after Ruby Cross went missing. Doll two was bought seven days after Wanda Barloff disappeared. Which means each doll was bought within a day or so of each girl's death. Which is consistent to what our friendly medical examiner has been telling us. All right, so the unsub abducts, holds the girl for a couple of days, up to two weeks, then buys her a doll, kills them soon after that, then there's a cooling off period where remorse, grief sets in. Then the hunger strikes, repeats the cycle. The pattern holds, except for the elephant in the room. Samantha, the only white girl. Why did you abduct Samantha eight days after abducting Aisha? Why? We have reason to believe that both of your daughters were abducted by the same man. Oh, my God. Are you sure? It's just a theory. We're trying to understand it. What's her name, your little girl? Aisha, and she's been missing for nine days. Mrs. Weller, I know this might sound strange, but we need you to tell us everything you can about Samantha's dolls. How many she has, what kind, and what they mean to her. Dolls? I don't understand. What do her dolls have to do with this? As he said, it might sound a little bit strange, but, you know, even the most trivial thing can be significant. It helps us do our job. Uh... She has about six, I guess. - She likes some more than others. - Mm-hmm. She doesn't really play with them much anymore. Okay. And what about your daughter, Ms. Rawlins? Aisha doesn't have dolls. She's afraid of them. She's frightened of dolls. Always has been. She's very shy. She just plays with her one friend, the little girl across the hall. And this girl, is she white? How did you know that? The unsub buys each girl a doll shortly before killing them, but the thing is, when he kidnapped Aisha, he discovered that she hates dolls, right? So he goes out and he finds her a playmate instead, and that playmate is Samantha. A living doll. The unsub, all he cares about is Aisha, so Samantha is just a prop to him. Yeah, he is in fact a preferential predator. All he cares about is eight-year-old African-American girls. So when he drove in Samantha's neighborhood, he wasn't hunting for himself at all. No, he was shopping, acquiring a gift for someone else. All right, so he got Aisha her doll 27 hours ago. He's ending the cycle. He's about to crash soon, he's gonna hit the wall. Hey, uh... Some local kid heard it over a police scanner, posted it on the Web, 20 minutes later it's news. A Web site by the name of crimeincleveland. com is reporting the discovery of two bodies found buried today in a field just north of the city. Police will not comment on whether either one of the two bodies is that of Samantha Weller. But a source close to the investigation has said that they appear to be the bodies of two small children. We'll continue to keep you informed and up to date... All right, girls, get your shoes. Get your shoes on. Ready to go. Get your shoes on, okay? We're ready to go. The unsub is a white male fixated on young African-American girls. What else? He's sociable. He's intelligent enough to get them into a van without a fight. Buries them carefully, wrapped in white sheets, holding the gifts that he gave them. Why would he do that? Because he's not interested in sex, power, domination. He's buying them gifts. He's trying to win their love. Can't happen. It's an untenable situation. He can only be met with repudiation. But this arc, this arc of buying the gift, followed by frustration, then remorse. It's like a father, desperately wanting the love of his daughter, but she continually rejects him. All right, so why is our unsub simulating a daughter? That's the question. It's to replace his own. Penelope! Somebody tell me something good. All right, we're looking for a white male who lost his African-American eight-year-old daughter. She may be deceased, she may be missing, he may have killed her himself. Uh, okay, there's no match in Ohio. I'm gonna widen the search, the entire Midwest. No, no, nothing. Okay, go national with this, Penelope. I mean, there can't be that many cases fitting these parameters. Hello. Uh, okay, there's an open case in Greenville, Arkansas. Davis Scolfield. Married a black woman nine years ago, had a baby, Scolfield was violent, there was a lot of domestic calls, so one night, mom and baby ran away. His daughter was ripped away from him. He becomes obsessed with finding her, winning her back. Prophet, it is like you're reading my mind-slash-computer. So mom and baby move around a lot, try to stay one step ahead of him, but two years ago, the little girl disappears. I'm sending you the police report right now. Estranged dad was suspected, but there weren't any leads and the investigation stalled. He lived just outside of Cleveland for the first six years of his life. I'm sending his current address to your GPS now. Bring 'em home safe. All right, come on. Time to go. All right, gotta hurry. Okay. - Clear! - Clear! - Clear! - Clear! They left in a hurry. He took sheets with him. He knows his disposal site's burned. So where did he take them? Hey, Coop, take a look at this. He spends years searching for his daughter. When he finally finds her... He's a stranger to her. - She's the first to die. - And he wants that love, a daughter's love. She wasn't buried at the disposal site, so where is she? Looks like dirt. Sacred ground. There's a place near here that's meaningful to Scolfield. It's where he buried his daughter. You say he grew up in Cleveland, right? He lived with his grandparents until he was six, and then they died, and it was foster home after foster home. Let's see, they lived 20 minutes north, a rural area by the lake. Thanks, Penelope. Thanks. Please, this is scary. What are we doing here? We're going camping. We don't want to go camping! We want to go home! It's too late. You had your chance. It's too late. FBI! Go, go! - Clear! - Clear! It's abandoned. No one's been in there for years. Everybody split up! FBI! Hands in the air! That's it. Turn around nice and slow. Nice and slow. Stop! Drop the weapon. - Drop the weapon. - No, I won't. Drop the weapon, Scolfield. I've got him, Prophet. Just say the word. I got him. I just want to save the girls. I'm not gonna shoot you. No? Why not? Why not just kill me and get it over with? Because I killed a guy like you once before. It wasn't as much fun as I thought it would be. Come on. Drop the weapon. Oh, Caroline. My little Caroline. I loved her so much. All she did was scream and cry for her mom, and I... I just wanted her to love me. I just... I just wanted her to love me. Okay. All right, I want to hear about that. Come on, I want to hear why that hurt so bad. Come on. Put the gun down and talk to me. No, it's too late. We both know how this is gonna end. Okay, you're wrong. Believe me, I know. I took that man's life. Not a day goes by that I don't regret it. Look at me. I'm standing here. I am proof that redemption is there if you just reach for it, brother. Thank you. I'm just not strong enough. No! The unsub is 10-7. Coop, it's Mick.  We've got a visual on the blue van. Repeat. We've got a visual on the blue van. Oh, thank God. It's okay. It's okay. - We're here to help you. - It's okay, Samantha. It's okay. Coop, we got 'em. Come on. It's okay. There you go. Come on, we got you. It's okay. It's okay. There you go. Mommy! Daddy! - Mommy! - Mommy! You did good out there. You did everything that you possibly could do. Sometimes you can talk a man off of a ledge. Sometimes a man's just got to jump, you know? If Samantha had never been abducted, we would have never found Aisha, and then the implications of that are so distressing. That's one way to look at it. I feel like it's the way to look at it. Aisha needed Samantha. Samantha needed Aisha. Without each other, they both would have been lost. It's another way to look at it. - Director. - Sam. I didn't expect to see you here. And yet, here I am. Agent Sims, would you mind stepping forward and handing over your badge? - What? - Sir, I... I'm sorry, Agent, was I unclear? Give me your badge. Hang on a minute. If you knew what happened last night out there in the field... I didn't come here to debate my executive decision-making. I came here for one reason only. Special Agent? Congratulations. You are no longer "Special Agent Pending," and it gives me great pleasure to promote you to the status of full agent. Welcome to the club. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Coop, I don't know... I don't know what to say, man. Thank you. You earned it. Thanks, man. Come here! Rrrr! I had you goin', didn't I? Never know with you. Come here, buddy. Come on, guys, this is a gym. You want to fight, you can stay. You want to hug, get a room. - Ohh! Hug. - Cut it out, cut it out. Come on. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 