Dark Knight: Season 2, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dark Knight 
 s2e3 - Damned - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dark Knight (2000–…): Season 2, Episode 3 - Damned - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (dramatic music) (fire crackling) - He dreams of blood, the moon, the beast, the chosen one. (wolf howling) (leaves rustling) (growling) (wolves howling) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 - Let's get inside, Ruth. - What was that sound, father? - Just do as I say. Didn't you hear me? Ruth! (dramatic music) (growling) (screams) - [Mother] What's the matter? - There something out there... I swear I've never seen anything like it. (growling) (screams) (gasps) 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - Oh God! - Are you all right? - It's nothing, just a dream. (panting) Just a dream. (triumphant music) (sword fighting) - Got it! Look out! (wolves howling) - Ivanhoe! - Ivanhoe! Oops! - We must get the gold to Lord Cyrus. Give Prince John my gracious regards and my heartfelt thanks. Tell him he has significantly contributed to King Richard's ransom. - Is your shoulder all right? That's what I like most about you two. Your stimulating conversation. (dramatic music) (growling) - Ah! Please! No! Please, let me go! Let me go! No! Let me go! Let me go, please! Please let me go! Let me go! - Well done, my children. This one will suffice for now. More will be required later. - Ah! (dramatic music) - Come brother. Time for you to feed. (growling) - How many times are you going to count it? - Don't you think it's beautiful? - It's metal. It's purely a means to an end. And it causes misery and hardship. (coughs) What happened back there? - There was a presence, howl of pain. - I heard nothing. - Somebody calling my name. (leaves rustling) - I seek Ivanhoe. - I'm Ivanhoe. (dramatic music) - I desire a word with you, Your Highness. - Of course. - I don't mean to intrude. I trust this is not a bad time? - On the contrary, this is a most excellent time. I'm always at my most gregarious when planning a banquet. - Banquet? But I thought the situation... - Situation? - Well, your financial situation, sire. - What of it? - Well I mean I thought it precluded grand feasts and extravagant entertainments. - Oh no, not anymore. I have successfully negotiated a loan on very favorable terms. Even now, a party of loyal men is heading towards us bearing two fat, jingling sacks of gold. - Ah, well actually that's what I wanted to talk to you about, Your Majesty. I'm afraid there's a small problem. - Problem? - With the jingling sacks of gold, yes. - Sire. - Well what is it? Spit it out! - The convoy carrying the gold... - Ivanhoe. - That's it, that's enough. Not another word, you don't need to. I've been robbed. That's what you're trying to tell me, isn't it? - Just so, sire. - [Falco] It was a surprise attack. - Of course it was! If it wasn't a surprise they would've known it was coming and they could've prevented it, you oaf. - The men fought very bravely. - Shut up. And so Ivanhoe simply rode in there casually and took my money without so much as a word. - Uh, no Your Highness. - Good, I'm pleased to hear it. - He said to give you his gracious regards and heartfelt thanks. - That will be all, Falco. - But it's not entirely bad news, sire. - Is it not? - Oh no, Your Highness. - Well? - Well it appears that Ivanhoe has landed himself in quite an interesting situation. - Really? Interesting in what way? - He's just made a rather intriguing new acquaintance. - I don't understand. He's not responding to anything. It's as though he's in some kind of trance. - Ivanhoe. - What is it? - The full moon. The family in their home. The attack, danger! - [Rebecca] What's he talking about? - Nothing. (crow calling) - It's just a bird. - I have a strange feeling about this man. - He needs our help. - Then I'll get him a horse. He can ride with us for a few days. - To Lord Cyrus? - We leave at dawn. (fire crackling) (gasps) - Sorry, I didn't mean to... - You surprised me. - You saved me. - You feeling better then? - I'm starving. - We have questions for you, stranger. Like why you were looking for me. - I'll be glad to help you in anyway I can. But all I can remember is, my name is Christian. - So you don't remember anything but your name? - Or mine? - No, nothing. - He needs to build up his strength. You eating? - No. - Oh, excellent. I'll have his helping. - When we found you you were muttering things. About a family, a home, now think about it! An attack. - I can tell you nothing. - A full moon. - I can't remember. - He needs time. - There is no time. (dramatic music) - [Odo] Why did you ask him all those questions? - [Ivanhoe] Because I believe deep down he can give me the answers. - All he gives me are the heebie-jeebies. - It's like I'm seeing things for the first time again. Colors are so vibrant. Every sound excites. The sensation of a touch. Sense of thrill through my whole body. - Your memories will return when you stop trying to remember. Be patient. Then something like a familiar sight or sound will bring the past flowing back. - With your beauty and kindness at my side, troubles are far from my mind at present. Yet there's something about Ivanhoe. Something I can't describe. (dramatic music) - [Odo] It may be a trap. - What is it? - [Odo] I don't know why I bother. - Well, there's somebody been here, and not long ago. - Maybe they're still nearby. - I was afraid somebody would say that. (gasps) - You've come at last. - You should never have been out here on your own. - I am only a day's journey now from my destination. - And where is that? - A small village, name of Balmouth. I am visiting for the festival of the moons. - The moons? - A special occasion. It occurs once every fifty years. I was sure you would be going there. In fact, I know that you will be going there soon. - Explain yourself. - I am a fortune teller. A prophesier. Call it a blessing or a curse, but I see the future. You are troubled, brave knight. Troubled by what you do not understand. But your journey will take you to a place where the answers will be revealed. Perhaps tonight when the full moon rises and the festivities begin. - You talk nonsense. - It is a time when a full moon appears for two nights, that anything is possible. (dramatic music) - Maybe we should escort her. - She's as mad as a bat. - We must continue. - Barmouth. - You recognize the name? - There's something strange about it. And that woman knew. Ivanhoe! What did she mean? How can there be a full moon for two nights? - Nothing surprises me these days. - Let's move on. - Come. (dramatic music) - I'm telling you, there's something wrong with all this. - Don't be ridiculous. - And another thing, we always take the gold the short way to add to the ransom. This time, we're taking the longest route possible. - Stop moaning. - It's all right for you. I'm carrying the gold. I could be snatched up at any moment, attacked by thieves, cutthroats, villains! (gasps) Oh, now what? (dramatic music) (water splashing) - [Ivanhoe] Just as it was in my dreams. - What's the matter? - You're alive. (dramatic music) - The people live in constant fear. It's normal. Survival is hard in these lands. But what could be so dangerous that you ride here with such urgency? - If there was an easy answer I would readily give it to you, so you must trust my instincts when I say something is happening here, something bad. (laughs) - For you, sir? - Thanks. - That's a fierce looking dagger. - Every home hereabouts has one. - Never been used. It's silver, the blade you know. Handed down over the generations. Fierce wolves have been known in these parts. Killed people, so they say. It's a sort of reminder to us we have to protect ourselves, I suppose. Makes life less of a worry knowing it's there. - I've used for peeling the potatoes before. - Well a good thing your father doesn't know about that. - You must barricade your home. Collect anything that can be used as a weapon. - Stop! I've had enough of your scaremongering. Go and see if my neighbors will listen to your blabber. - One thing I can assure you, old friend, Ivanhoe does not blabber. - I am in no doubt I am here to protect you. - And I tell you, I don't need your damn protection! (dramatic music) - You're right Ivanhoe. This is not a good place. I've heard stories. Now they call this the Forbidden Forest, because no one ever returns from it. Once upon a time, it had another name, the Forest of the Wolf. - The wolf? - Probably just an old wives' tale, but... - I will help you stand guard. You recognize this place, don't you Ivanhoe? Well so do I, and I sense something will happen tonight. - The night of the full moon. (wolf howling) (growling) (dramatic music) (wolves howling) (growling) (dramatic music) (growling) (wolves howling) - What was that? - Over here! (growling) - What are they? (fighting) - Rebecca! (growling) (fighting) - Come on! - Where's Christian? We have to go find him! - There are too many! Even we cannot fight them! - Secure the windows! - Where's your wife and daughter? - They're in the bedroom. (screams) - [Mother] Oh no! (baby crying) - I'm coming with you. - No, you must stay here and guard your wife and baby. I'll bring her back, trust me. Rebecca, Odo. (baby crying) - What's going on? - They took the girl into the forest. - Oh no! - We have no time to lose! - Under no circumstances am I going in there! (wolf howling) Wait for me! Ivanhoe! Rebecca! - Quiet, they're all around us. - What does he mean, they're all around us? - Ssh! - What's he searching for? Oh, here we go. (dramatic music) - They're coming! (growling) (fighting) - We did it! But if it hadn't been for that white wolf... Where did it come from? - Something tells me this is just the beginning. - The thing that took Ruth came this way. It's trying to throw us off. We'll have to split up. - Oh, you must be joking. - We can't let it get further away. - I'll go this way. - Go! (dramatic music) (growling) (fighting) - Is somebody there? - [Ivanhoe] Odo. - Ah! Why do you creep up on people like that? You gave me such a shock! - The trails we've all been following have only led to ambushes. - There's no one in this direction. Where did they come from? - That's the last of them. That only leaves the creature. - And Rebecca! (dramatic music) (growling) (screaming) - Rebecca! (creature roars) Aah! - What was that? - Thank you. - [Ivanhoe] How did you get that? - The iron smith's wife gave me the dagger. - You saved all our lives. - The creature still has the girl. - Let me tend to that. - [Ivanhoe] No, we must save Ruth. - It will soon be daybreak. We must rest while we can. - No. - I know where the creature is headed. It's going for my village. (dramatic music) (harp music) Let me. I remember this pool. I used to swim here as a child. We're close to home now. - What else do you remember? - I remember a small girl. She must have been my sister. We were inseparable. And then... - Yes? - Then it became a blur. Confusion, frightening, there's something inside me that dreads returning, yet something I have to confront. - Ow! - Sorry. - Not so hard. - I'm sorry. It was the animal that attacked you, it made me angry! (harp music) I'd never let anything hurt you. - Falco said you had something to show me. - Yes, Your Highness. - Is this the one? Ivanhoe's interesting new acquaintance? - Mm-hm. The less than aptly named Christian. (laughs) I have high hopes for him. Him and his kin. (dramatic music) (crying) (gasps) - Help! I'm being attacked! Do you have to be so rough? - Come on. Time we were on our way. (dramatic music) - [Odo] Have you noticed how quiet it is? No birds or animals, it's not natural. - So Christian, still no memories? - Only that we're almost there. (dramatic music) - I've seen this village before in my dreams. - My friends and family were killed here, my home. - I recognize this too. - Look, don't go in there, I remember it all now. - Brave knight, we meet again. As I said we would. - What do you want? - I'm only here for the festivities. Tonight is the climax, and the climax is you. - Oh my god, look. (dramatic music) This must have been a beautiful place once upon a time. - It was. I remember it vividly. Happy, peaceful village teeming with life. I had a sister, my father was a farmer. - You seem much better. - It's all your doing. Your beams of sunlight in your eyes, my Rebecca. (wolves howling) - You may have killed the human followers, but they are only weak locals. Nothing compared to the power of the beast. - I need some answers. - But you only have to wait a few more hours and all will be revealed. You have entered a foreign land, a land that does not obey the normal. A land where the wolves reign. - Speak plainly, woman. I will not ask again. - Have you not seen it in your dreams? The beast that takes human form? - I only know there's something evil that must be destroyed. - Every fifty years, a full moon rises for two nights. And then, the wolves must feed. - Did you say wolves? - Tonight, when the full moon rises for the last time, such a beast needs pure blood so that it may live on in human form. - Ruth. (dramatic music) - It's happened before. Why did you think this beautiful village is deserted and in ruins? The pure and young were taken and sacrificed. - Then we haven't much time, the sun is setting. We must find her before it's too late. - I will help you. - How will you know which way to go? - Because I've already been there in my dreams. The creature's hiding place is somewhere nearby beneath the ground. - The entrance to the cave is over there. When I was a child, everyone was too afraid to go anywhere near it. - And what about us? - You must stay here. Wait for us. - I will do what I feel is right. - This is not your battle, Rebecca. It came to me in my dreams. That is why I must face it. - I will not be ordered by you, Ivanhoe. - Then please let me ask you. - And why should I agree to your request? - Because I... Because there is something evil here. Rebecca, it could be no one gets out. - He's right Rebecca. Your life is too important to me. - Make sure the gold reaches Lord Cyrus safely. And should anything happen to me, never forget, your duty is to King Richard. Goodbye Rebecca. (dramatic music) - You all right, Rebecca? - No. There's something not right. I'm going after them. - Wait! (dramatic music) - This way. - That's right, Ivanhoe. Race off to rescue the girl. Don't pause to think or question it. Time to be a hero. Perhaps for you, the last time. What is it, Falco? Does the sight of a little sorcery make your flesh creep? - I'm a soldier. This isn't my business. - No. Go and fetch the prince. He'll enjoy watching the conclusion of this little comedy. (dramatic music) - Rebecca! Rebecca! Rebecca! I've got to stop. I've got to take a rest. - You're right. - I am? That's the wolf that saved Ivanhoe. - I know. I think he's in more danger than he realizes. - Oh! - Christian, you don't have to do this. - I have no choice. - [Ruth] Help, please! - Come on! - She said the wolves need feeding, and Christian said he remembered a beautiful village. - So what? - How could he remember something that happened fifty years ago? (wolves howling) - Perhaps he just looks young like me. - This way. - You've been here before? - Call it instinct. (moans) - Stop fooling around, Odo. - I was just... - These tunnels are ancient. Look at the walls. They tell a story. - I'll bet it's not a happy one. - You sure you want to continue? - It's what we've come to find. (screams) This needs to be finished. - It tells how the brethren took the males and females before their eighteenth birthday. The people fought back. And there was a terrible battle. All the wolves were wiped out. And the village left to rot, deserted. (crying) - It's all right, here I am. It's all right, ssh. Christian, we should get her out. Christian! - I pray I'm wrong. - What? Hey! - Christian! Christian, thank God. - The wound I gave her in the forest killed her. - Oh god. - It seems that this affair has come to a rather sad conclusion. - Are you saying you woke me up for this? To tell me that we've failed again? That Ivanhoe is out of danger? - Oh, quite the opposite, Your Highness. For him, the danger has just begun. - Who is she? - My sister. - Sister? - It was my fault. It always has been my fault. My little sister died slowly and painfully from the injury caused by the silver dagger. Only silver can kill such a creature. I couldn't let anything happen to my Rebecca. But it was you I wanted all along, Ivanhoe. For you have the purest blood of all. - Two of the wolves survived. Christian talked about his sister. (wolves howling) - Rebecca, where are you going? - Christian? (growling) - [Odo] Rebecca, it's too late! - No. - Christian is the monster. - They took him as a child and changed him. (growling) - Ah! (roaring) - Christian, no! You'll have to kill me first. I know that deep inside there is still a man called Christian. A man that I care for. No! (roaring) I'm sorry. - You have saved me from eternity of violence and misery. - Rebecca! He's not dead! (laughing) - God bless you, Ivanhoe. I was wrong not to listen to you. - The forest will be safe now. - Won't you stay, something to eat at least? - Thanks, but we still have much to do. (mysterious music) - There's something not quite right about that woman. - We will meet again, Sir Ivanhoe. (regal music) - Time to move on. (triumphant music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 