Dark Knight: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Dark Knight 
 s2e4 - The Claw - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Dark Knight (2000–…): Season 2, Episode 4 - The Claw - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 (calm music) (foreboding music) - [Mordour] Come out and play, my pretty one. - Morning, Alyssa, your breakfast is ready. - I'm not hungry, Father. - You must eat something. - Stop treating me like a child. - Alyssa. - I'm going for a ride. (calm music) (laser zings) 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Whoa! (horse neighing) Uh! - [Mordour] Are you all right? - I just must've tripped. - Let me help you, Alyssa. - How do you know my name? - I know everything. (laughs wickedly) - I shouldn't be here. Father always told me it was dangerous. - But you're not your father's little girl anymore, are you? - Well, no. - You're a grown woman, a beautiful woman. Your father's a fine man, a wise man, 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 but he doesn't understand how girls grow up to have hopes and desires and dreams of their own. And this is the place where dreams come true. (ominous music) (door thuds) (suspenseful music) There's nothing to fear. The Claw of Persuasion. No, wait, it's protected. Watch. (shield sizzles) (Alyssa gasps) Don't be afraid, your innocence and purity will see you through. Close your eyes, The Claw will fulfill your heart's every desire. Feel for the light in front of you. Listen to the voice inside. Believe it, trust it, trust me. Go on, you won't be harmed. Take it, and you and you alone will have power over all men. In return, I demand one favor, that you use its power to enslave Ivanhoe forever. (ominous music) (lively music) (Rebecca gasps) (Ivanhoe grunts) (horns blaring) (water splashes) (dramatic music) (shouts) (laughing) (dramatic music) (thunder rumbles) (birds tweeting) - Standing at the foot of the split tree, split tree, what on earth's that? Whoa, the split tree. (giggles) (whimsical music) Standing at the foot of the split tree facing east, take 15 paces, one, two, three, four, five, six. (head thuds) (Odo moans) Eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, whoa! (screaming) Whoa! (bird cries) Damn you, Hegg, I might've known that map would be counterfeit, and it cost me my last piece of silver. (magical music) Gold. Now, that's my favorite color. - A gold coin for your trouble. - No trouble, friend, ask away. - Do you know Sir Ivanhoe? - Do I know Sir Ivanhoe? We're best friends! Always together, I taught him everything he knows. - I carry a message from Lord Reginald of Talmouth. If you'll deliver it. (mysterious music) (lively music) - Oh, you made me spill my drink! - You were meant to meet us. Where have you been? - Oh, here and there, about. - What happened to your eye? - I was helping a one-armed man through a swinging gate. - Where'd all the money for this come from? - Well, there I was on my way back to you two, galloping through the forest-- - [Rebecca] The short version, please. - Well, I bumped into this man, said he had a message for you, Ivanhoe, from Lord Reginald, and he gave me this. - Reginald, I haven't seen him in years. - What is it? - It's mine! - Fresh from Prince John's mint. - Hmm, and there's plenty more where that came from. He said to tell you Lord Reginald wants you to visit him. I collected for King Richard, but that one there, that was mine. - You, out. - [Rebecca] There must've been a shipment of Prince John's gold for passing through his lands. - Strange, though, Lord Reginald was a good friend to my father, I remember visiting his home often. Well, they fell out after he refused to denounce Prince John. - Did he have a good reason? - Aye, his wife died in childbirth, left him a daughter, Alyssa, a sweet, innocent child. Alas, she was all he had in the world, and well, he became determined that she should be protected from all of life's dangers. We must hurry and collect the gold, go on! (clicks tongue) - Go on! (lively music) (ravens squawking) - [Odo] What is it? (man shouts) (dramatic music) - Ah! I don't suppose it makes any difference if I said I don't know these two. I just bumped into them, I didn't think it was-- (guard grunts) (swords clang) (guards grunting) (swords clanging) (swords whooshing) (swords clanging) (Ivanhoe grunting) - Stop, put your weapons aside and retreat! (calm instrumental music) I apologize. - Your men are dedicated. - They are loyal. You do not recognize me, Sir Ivanhoe. - Alyssa? It's been a long time. - I'm glad you came. - Ivanhoe, you're wounded. - I'll take care of it. Let me take you back to the castle. - Hardly a barrel of laughs, are they? I don't like the look of them. They give me the heebie-jeebies. - For once, I agree with you. - You must forgive my men. Things have been very difficult the last few days. That is since father... - What's wrong? - He's dead. - What, he sent word to us only yesterday. - He passed away last night, and he so wanted to see you. His last wish was that our families would be reunited. - If there's anything you need from me, you only have to ask. - Then I hope you will treat the castle as your home. C'mon. (clicks tongue) - Yeah! (lively orchestral music) - This is more like it! - It's good to have you here. - The castle is just as I remembered it. - You will stay the night, all of you. - We really should be-- - Of course we will. - We came to collect the gold. - [Alyssa] It will put together first thing in the morning. Ivanhoe, I need to speak to you, privately. If you wish, my guards will show you to your rooms. Ivanhoe. (foreboding music) - Ooh-whoo-whoo. - Doesn't look like we have any choice. There's something not right here. Like these guards, they never say a word, no reaction, total obedience. - Weird. (man wailing) What was that? - Wait. - Must've been the north wind! Ah, this the room with the view that I ordered. - We need to find out what's going on! - [Odo] Nothing that can't wait 'til morning. (suspenseful music) - Let's go. - Hmm? - Look, that wasn't the wind, it was a human cry. Now, come on. (sighs heavily) - Where are we going? - The sound came from above. - Shouldn't we wait 'til morning? - [Rebecca] Shh! - It was the shock of it, the speed with which it happened. Father seemed so well! - You must be strong. - I am, now you're here. I have often thought of you, Ivanhoe, our times together. - You were barely 14. - These lands, they need a leader. Father would've wanted you here. - My king also needs me. Prince John must be stopped. - Perhaps in time I can persuade you. (suspenseful music) - [Man] Help me! - Still think it's the wind? - I still think we should go back to bed! - Keep a lookout. - On my own? (whimpers) Shouldn't we go and get Ivanhoe? (door creaks) (suspenseful music) (rats squeaking) - Help me! I have been make a prisoner at my castle by my own daughter! Help me! - Ivanhoe, quickly, there's trouble! It's Reginald, Alyssa's father. - He's dead. - No, merely imprisoned. (urgent music) The moment I stepped into this place, I knew there was something wrong, and your sweet Alyssa's behind it. - I can't believe that! - Why? Because you find it flattering that she only has eyes for you? - How do you know it was Reginald? - Because he told me. - [Ivanhoe] Ah. (knife whooshes) - Thank goodness you're back! Shadows have been coming right out of the wall, and the strangest noise coming from that room. - Well, didn't you go and look? - You told me to stay here! - Go on! (ominous music) - It can't be. I'm telling you, he was here. - What's going on? - Your father's alive. - [Ivanhoe] Rebecca found someone here. - He was chained to the wall! - Why are you doing this? - Odo was with me! - Well, I didn't actually see anything, I was outside. - But you heard him! - I heard something. - [Alyssa] What is she saying such things for? I don't understand! - [Ivanhoe] We all need to calm down. - How can anybody be so cruel, so heartless? - We can talk about this in the morning. In the meantime, you need to rest. - It may be too late. - I said the morning. - You're making a mistake. (dramatic music) And where do you think you're going? - Well, it's getting late, I thought we might get some. - We've got work to do. We're finding out what she's up to. (calm instrumental music) - Thank you, Ivanhoe. Without you here, I really don't know how I could cope. - The loss of a loved one, it's a difficult period to get through, even for the strongest of people. - Well, I feel stronger with you just being here by my side. - Well, only time can truly heal the pain. - It's all been so confusing, so terrible. I found myself barely able to concentrate! - I will help you as much as I am able. - I know nobody who is kinder, more giving than yourself. - Hush now. - You're my savior! - It's nothing. - Never! Never to me. I would be able to sleep so much better if you were there. - My room's not far, if there's anything you need. - I know where you are. (calm instrumental music) (door clangs) (suspenseful music) - Perhaps Ivanhoe was right. Shadows do play strange tricks in the half-light, and it could've been just cracks on the wall. - I don't think such a statement should be dignified with an answer. - And those moans could've been anything. Old buildings make the weirdest noises, especially when the north wind blows through the nooks and crannies. - I have never heard such a stream of total nonsense! - I was just trying to be practical and not jump to conclusions. Oop, who's there? - And why are you so scared of this place? - I'm a coward! What's she up to? - She's waiting for someone, and she doesn't look too happy. - Where have you been? What too you so long? You're pathetic, all of you! - Amazing, she's nearly as bossy as you! - When I think of you alongside Ivanhoe, have you got the person responsible? Come on then! - Ooh, what are we gonna do? - Duck. (suspenseful music) (Odo whimpering) - Oh, no, please, it wasn't me! I was sleepwalking, and just, I'm just-- - Stop shouting, you fool! - Where have they gone? Where? - They've disappeared. - (gasps) What did I tell you? I said there's something very strange about this place. - You stupid fool. How did they get up there? When I give you an order, make sure it's followed. - You've taken away their ability to think! - [Alyssa] Be quiet! - They don't even know who they are! - Quiet! - Your evil power will never work on me! (weapon clangs) You've been poisoned, Alyssa. Your heart has been drained of humanity. - I am free to do as I like now. - (chuckles) You're as caged as I am by your own cruelty. - I'm not listening! - Because deep down, you know the truth! - I have the support of your soldiers. - You've used your beauty as a trap. - And soon Ivanhoe will love me! - And what if he refuses? - He shall love me. - Even if you take away his very essence? - Whatever it takes. - And the woman, are you going to kill her as you did all the other females just because your evil power wouldn't work on them? - I am warning you. - Warning me? For what? You'll kill me? - You're my father. - Then look at me, Alyssa. I want my daughter back, the child I reared from a baby, the pride and joy of my life. - I'm a grown woman. I need to lead my own life. - Alyssa, your guests are awake. - [Reginald] What is that creature doing here? - Remember your promise to me, to enslave Ivanhoe. - Don't do this, my child! - [Mordour] Come Alyssa, Ivanhoe awaits you. - It's too late. (suspenseful music) (dramatic music) (Reginald crying) - You notice there are no women in the castle. - Hmm, that's right. - And all the men have those marks on their temples. - Mm-hmm, the temples. (ominous music) - Who's that? - Ah, that's the messenger. How did he get here? - There's something strange about that man. Follow him and find out what he's up to. - Rebecca, I'll faint if I don't eat soon. - Odo! - What about you? - I'm gonna find out where the lord of the castle is. Now, hurry up! - [Alyssa] I trust you slept well. - Alyssa needs our help. - And we need to get the gold to its destination. - Let me speak to Rebecca for a short while. - As you wish. - (sighs) I did not imagine it. - I know! There is something wrong. - So? - We find out what's going on this castle. (ominous music) (Odo grunting) (Odo panting) - I've got a really bad feeling about this. Where did he go? Why do I keep asking myself questions I can't answer? - It's impossible, Reginald couldn't have just disappeared! - Somebody must've moved him. - The only way was straight past Odo. - No, even Odo would've noticed that. - You never know. He was scared to death with all the strange noises and the ghosts coming out of the walls. - Did you say walls? - He was always going on about it. (mysterious music) Ivanhoe? - The walls, I remember now, Reginald talking about his castle's secret passageways, a hiding place for Alyssa if the castle ever came under attack. (ominous music) Hmm. Follow me. - It was right in front of my eyes all the time. (suspenseful music) - Oh! (Odo panting) (waves crash) (chimes ringing) (wondrous music) - Ah, oh! - Oh, Mordour! - Oh, what a glorious day, a day to be written in history's blood. I can feel it now, the power of The Claw. - The Claw of Persuasion! - Soon, Ivanhoe will be lost to its force. (whimsical music) (sword clangs) (guard grunts) (swords clanging) - Rebecca! (swords clanging) (guard screams) (swords clanging) (fists thudding) (Ivanhoe grunts) - I should've listened to you. I almost found out too late that these men were planning a revolt, they knew of the gold. You have to come with me, Ivanhoe, there still might be trouble. There's no time to lose! My guards will protect Rebecca. I did right, didn't I? I saved Rebecca for you, to prove that I am a good person! - What's all this about, Alyssa? - I adore you, Ivanhoe, I always have, ever since we first met. Look, you're all I think about! Tell me you have feelings for me. - This is isn't the time, I-- - Please tell me, I beg you. (calm instrumental music) - You're like family to me. - I see. (choral singing) The answers are just the other side of this door. - [Ivanhoe] What have you done, Alyssa? - It was all for you. (guard shouts) (foot thuds) (Rebecca grunts) (foot thuds) (swords clanging) - Did we take the wrong turn-in? (lively music) - I'll be back. (choral singing) - If you can love me, then I will make sure you'll never love anyone else. (claw whacks) (Ivanhoe panting) (dramatic music) - Ivanhoe! (suspenseful music) Thank God you're all right! I thought for a moment that you... Ivanhoe? What's wrong? (ominous music) (sword clangs) (guard grunts) (fist thudding) (Ivanhoe shouts) (inspiring music) I thought I'd lost you! - Lost me? - Only for a moment. Sometimes it's difficult to know what you're thinking. - Alyssa has too many guards, it's time to leave. I suspect they might be reluctant to let us pass. Let's find Odo! (sword whooshing) (swords clanging) (swords clanging) (fighter grunting) - [Ivanhoe] C'mon! - I want them dead, all of them! - Help! - We have to get away from here. - I'm just telling you what I saw. The messenger changed into Mordour before my very eyes! - It had to be Mordour who is behind all this. - It's still Alyssa who has the power. - Yes, but it was Mordour's scheming. - It was him that released the evil from the Stone Circle and turned Alyssa to the dark side. Karzan told me about it. The Claw of Persuasion was meant to be guarded by an impassable spell, and for a very good reason. The holder of The Claw possesses the power to penetrate right to the very heart of a man, and in doing so, wipes away his memory. - Replacing it with blind devotion. - [Odo] Hence the mark on your temple. - Thankfully you were able to fight it. - What about Reginald, why wasn't he affected? - The Claw feeds on desire and base attraction, which is why it wouldn't affect her own flesh and blood. - Do you realize the power that woman possesses? And she hasn't even scratched the surface yet, so to speak. Its potential is limitless. - Which is why we have to go back. - Go back, we only just escaped with our lives! - Alyssa must be stopped. - We have to return The Claw to the monument. - And free Reginald. - There are too many guards to fight our way in and out, but I've just had rather a novel idea for a diversion. - Oh, no! - A diversion? Yes, well, it was you that said Alyssa only had eyes for me. I'll keep her occupied, you two break in, get The Claw, free Reginald. (dramatic music) Take me to your lady. - I hope you've made your preparations to die. - If I am to die, than I accept my fate at your hands. (swords clang) I killed the woman and the dwarf for you. Do your worst, Alyssa. - Am I to trust you? I want to believe, more than anything, but eventually we wake from our dreams. - Let's us be alone, and I will prove to you this is no dream. - Put down your weapons and retire to your quarters. I am not to be disturbed, no matter what. - Are you sure it needs two of us? I could keep a lookout, make sure the coast is clear. - Shh! - The secret love weapon must be doing a good job! (giggles) (suspenseful music) - I'm so confused, I never expected this. - Don't be afraid. - I've done so many bad things. My father is alive, he's my prisoner. - He was suffocating you. - Yes. - Reginald's trapped in the cellar. Free him and find the horses. - You mean I've got to go down all on my own? - You'll be in and out before anyone notices. - But what if somebody does? - Then use your initiative. - That's not what I call a proper answer. (suspenseful music) - Ivanhoe, there are so many questions. - Shh, shh. (Odo panting) - Oh, ooh! (Odo whimpering) (ominous music) - Ivanhoe. (suspenseful music) (dramatic music) (suspenseful music) - Who are you? - A friend who's come to save you, oh! (dramatic music) (foreboding music) - Never let me go. (dramatic music) No! You lied to me! The Claw brings only misery. - My guards will kill you before you get 100 yards! - Not if they don't know. - Remind me never to get on your bad side. - Calm down. - Easy for you to say! (door clunks) (Odo gasps) (Odo whimpering) (door creaks) - For God's sake, hurry up! - I knew this was gonna go on wrong! It won't work! - It has to! (suspenseful music) - Quickly, step out! (guard grunts) (dramatic music) (Reginald shouting) (Odo giggles) Quite the warrior! (Odo giggles) (Reginald laughs) (choral singing) (suspenseful music) - Guards! - To the Stone Circle! - Go on! (dramatic music) (choral singing) - [Ivanhoe] Whoa! - [Rebecca] Whoa! - You keep them back. - Be careful. - And you. (Ivanhoe grunts) (suspenseful music) (chimes ringing) (ominous music) - [Alyssa] Kill them! Kill them all! (swords clanging) Ivanhoe, Ivanhoe, you are the chosen one. (suspenseful music) - You know what you have to do. (swords clanging) (fighters grunting) (mysterious music) - [Mordour] Circle. (choral singing) - [Alyssa] Stop! - Listen to me, Alyssa, don't be afraid. Close your eyes, feel for the lights. Listen to the voice inside. Trust it, you must get The Claw. (dramatic music) Take The Claw! (laser zings) (screaming) - No, her innocence is gone! She's lost! (laser zinging) (swords clanging) (lasers zinging) (swords clanging) (lasers zinging) (swords clanging) (Rebecca grunting) (lasers exploding) (Mordour moaning) - Huh, huh? - Alyssa. Alyssa, my child. (calm music) - Forgive me, Father. I did love you. - I know. (dramatic music) - She was not a bad person. - She's at rest now. Mordour will pay for this. - Thank you, my son. (triumphant music) - Our fight must go on. We must free our king and save our lands. Our loved ones will not die in vain. (clicks tongue) (triumphant orchestral music) 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 