Put Your Head on My Shoulder: Season 1, Episode 6 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder 
 s1e6 - Episode #1.6 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder (2019): Season 1, Episode 6 - Episode #1.6 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ Happiness is nagging next to my ears ♫ ♫ My youth is smiling and showing its dimples ♫ ♫ Love is raindrops in the form of candy ♫ ♫ Raining down one by one ♫ ♫ The sunshine is swirling around in my eyes ♫ ♫ Warming up snippets of my memories ♫ ♫ There are so much that I can't bear to say ♫ ♫ They're held in my heart, radiating warmth ♫ ♫ Continuously reenacting the light breeze, the stars and the moon ♫ ♫ covering the whole sky ♫ ♫ Our little times and long years ♫ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♫ Let’s talk about it slowly, no need to be in a rush ♫ ♫ The sky in the distance is so comfortably warm ♫ ♫ Just like the sunny and cloudless day when we first met ♫ ♫ Our little times are brimming with fragrance ♫ ♫ Growing up comfortably in the ruckus ♫ ♫ Recalling our happiness, all has been well since we  last parted ♫ ♫ It deserves to be kept forever, never forgotten ♫ [Put Your Head On My Shoulder] You need to form a military order with me. What military order? A military order guaranteeing that you won't move out. [Episode 6] Look at you two syncing up. If people didn't know, they'd think you guys had been living together for tens of years. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Mom! Can you stop always saying weird things? What did I say? You're the one who's overthinking it. When are you going to leave? You said you were staying for one night, it's now the second night. Okay, okay. I got it. Little Gu isn't even kicking me out, why has it come for you to kick me out? Right, Little Gu? Yeah. This one looks good. - Morning.  - Morning. Eat, eat. Here, have a bun. Here. Are you two not in a hurry today? I'm going back to school today to discuss my graduation thesis with my professor. I'm going back to school, too. - Then, are the two of you going together?   - Yeah. What is it? Nothing. Your reply was too natural. Why are you going back to school? What about your experiment in the old school district? Professor Jiang is in the new school district right now. I have something to discuss with him. Is that so? - Do you still listen to comedy sketches?  - What? Do you still listen to comedy sketches? These days, I've been really busy. I forgot to download the new ones. I downloaded them. Thank you to everyone for the warm and enthusiastic applause. Thank you. There are people who know us and there are those who don't know us. Let's introduce ourselves. My name is Yue Yunpeng. I'll do a part with him. - What do you mean, "with him?"   - What's wrong? You haven't even said what my name is. Surprise! - Mo Mo.  - You scared us to death.   - You scared us to death. You're being so suspicious. What are you doing? Today, the supervisor is going to check our high power electrical appliances. Then just put them where they originally were. The small room at the end of the corridor has already been discovered. What? Then what are you going to do? I'm planning to hide the pot inside the dirty laundry. She definitely won't even want to touch it. Then I would have hidden from it all. How long has it been since you've washed those socks? Meng Lu asked her boyfriend for them. Her boyfriend asked for a bunch from his dorm. What are you doing? Cleaning up. You're hiding a pot, aren't you? No, no! The two of us were gathering dirty clothes to take them to wash. What is that? Dirty clothes. Let go. Supervisor, the clothes are really dirty! They haven't been washed in two weeks! It's right if they're dirty. The dorms' hygiene and tidiness are also part of the things that are being checked. Are you that hungry? You're even boiling socks to eat? Come and get your pot back from me after you graduate. I– Supervisor. I was so scared. Auntie. Auntie! Hello. I don't do gym, I'm not signing up for cards, I'm not buying supplements. No, I'm Situ Mo's high school classmate. My name is Fu Pei. Do you still remember me? Maybe I'm getting old, so I don't really remember. I even went to your house before to give Mo Mo her report card. You even invited me to eat walnuts. A waste of my walnuts. - What did you say?   - Huh? Oh. I–I didn't say anything. I was saying, that I should go home to cook dinner. Let's talk next time. - Let's talk next time.   - Mom! Who are you talking with? You're back? You're back! Let's go. I'll make soup for you, quickly. Auntie. Student, we have to go home for dinner. You should go home quickly as well. Auntie! It was that Fu Pei, right? The one from secondary school. There was once when you came home, you secretly locked yourself in your room and cried the whole night. That Fu Pei that was written all over in your diary. Mom, why did you read my diary? But you cried all night. You scared me and your dad so much that we didn't sleep a wink. Do you have to be so exaggerated? I thought you two stopped being in contact with each other a long time ago. I don't want to be in contact with him either. Mo Mo, actually, ever since you were young, you've been more mature than your older sister and younger brother. You didn't like crying, you liked doing everything by yourself. But during that time, you became depressed for a really long time because of him. Yet, you pretended that nothing happened on the outside. We also didn't dare to ask. Do you know how awful we felt back then? Mo Mo, your dad and I, towards you three kids, don't have too many big expectations. We also don't expect you guys to achieve anything great. We just hope you guys can live happily. That Fu Pei... I tried to get to know him. He's not a bad kid, he just doesn't have a determined nature. If the two of you really got together, with your personality, wouldn't you keep your thoughts all bottled up inside you and sacrifice yourself for the bigger picture (accept compromises)? Mo Mo, don't accept compromises. You can't do that, that won't do. Mom. Okay, okay. Let's not talk about him anymore. Then, I'll tell you some good news. What good news? I'm going home tomorrow. I've packed my luggage. You keep trying to kick me out every day. As if I'm forcing you and Little Gu to do something. Mom, I'm not kicking you out. All right, all right. Do you think I don't get your personality? Okay, I won't manage you anymore. In the future, you can do as you see fit. Okay? This guy is so stupid. You better not find someone like him. I got it. This girl is dumb as well. You better not be like her, got it? - I got it.   - So dumb. Auntie, I'm back. Little Gu, you're back. Come and sit. Have you had dinner? I have. - Hi.  - Hi. I wanted to say something to you. Auntie is going back home tomorrow. I hope you can keep taking care of our Mo Mo. Okay, Auntie. You're welcome to come visit often. Okay, okay, okay. All right. Then, you guys stay seated. I'll go cut two oranges for you. Gu Weiyi, aren't you really smart? How about you write my graduation thesis for me? Forget it. Different fields are separated as if by mountains. You wouldn't understand even if I told you. What's the topic of your thesis? You'll be scared to death if I tell you my thesis topic. I'm prepared to meet death. The joining of accounting and information in small and medium-sized enterprises and the study of cloud computing based accounting models. Do you feel absolutely baffled just by hearing it? What's the topic of your graduation thesis? Improvements in Experimental Methods in Determining the Average Molecular Weight of Ethenol by Viscosity Method. Oh, oh... Sorry for disturbing you. Is your thesis not going well? I got scolded by my adviser. They said that my thesis lacks originality and that my argument is unclear. They can't tell what profound thoughts I have on the future of accounting. What thoughts do I have? I don't even know if I will be doing accounting in the future. Then, what do you want to do? Advertising. Accounting is quite good. Don't keep thinking about other things. Right, Little Gu? I think it's more important to do what you want to. Auntie, I'm going to wash my hands before I eat the fruit. Okay. Do you really not need me to walk you out? I really don't need you to. Don't you have to go to the office later? Don't bother. - Then, be careful.   - Okay. You need to form a military order (a promise to do something) with me. What military order? A military order guaranteeing that you won't move out. You told me yesterday, that you won't force me and told me to do as I think. I kept thinking about it and decided that it won't do. [Military Order] When did you make this? You don't need to care about that. Hurry up and sign it. I won't sign it. - You're not signing it?   - No. - You're really not signing it?   - No. If you're not going to sign it, then fine. If you're not going to sign it, then I'm not leaving. Besides, I can't bear to leave Little Gu. Mom. Mom, Mom, Mom. I'll sign it. That's about right. Here, hurry and sign it. [Situ Mo] All right. Then, Mom is leaving. Take care of yourself. Give me a kiss, give me a kiss. Here. Okay, I'm going then. Bye-bye, bye-bye! You're not letting me leave? I'm leaving anyway. Gu Weiyi, my mom has left. I'm going to go back to the dorms, too. I've troubled you for the past few days. I'll buy you a meal when we're free. [Accounting department office] Sorry. Ahh~ I really want to eat river snail rice noodles. I really want to eat river snail rice noodles. Delicious! Try it out, try it out. Does it taste good? Eat some more, eat some more. What are you doing? Opening walnuts. You're opening walnuts like this? You're using too much force. I'll open one for you. It's going to be made into a porridge anyway. It doesn't matter if it's broken. [Female Dorms] Supervisor! Supervisor, open the door for me! Supervisor! It's you again. Thank you, Supervisor. I've troubled you again. If you know that you've troubled me, then don't be playing around outside so late. Supervisor, I've told you. It's because I was working overtime. Yeah, working overtime. Everyone who comes back late uses the same excuse. Come in then. Sign in. Thank you, Supervisor. Here. Thank you. You've signed in four times in one week. If you were really working overtime, then I should call you "Boss." It was because I was working overtime, believe it or not. - I've signed in. Thank you, Supervisor. I'm going back to my dorm.   - Hey! If you're going to come back so late in the future, then just rent a place outside, so that I don't have to open the door for you. The atmosphere in the dorms is ruined because of you. I'll rent a place if I have to, it's not as if I have nowhere to live. I've been teaching you for a while now. Let's do a practice exam today. What's the reward? You still want to go to Mo Mo's house, right? Why don't you ask Mo Mo yourself instead of having to bring me along? If I asked, what surprise would there be? When you go to Mo Mo's house, when I appear from behind you, that's what's called a surprise. Who knows what you're really trying to do?   (T/N: lit - Who knows what kind of medicine you're trying to sell?) What did you say? I said okay. If you passed the practice exam, I'll find a time with Mo Mo. You have to keep your word. I got it. Mo Mo! Mo Mo. - What?   - Save me.   - What? We're about to have our graduation show, but my poster was given back to me to be redone. Can you make it with me? Go and ask someone from your course to make it with you. I'm too busy. I have to write my thesis and do my internship as well. I was thinking that you'd told me before that you really liked doing advertising. I was thinking that it would be more reliable if I did it with you. But if you really don't have time, I'll find someone else. I think it's more important to do what you want. I'll do it with you. - Really?   - Really. That's great! Drink some water. No way. Have you finished your thesis? Have you finished your work for your internship? Do you still have time to do this? I have to make time even if I don't have time to do it. Mo Mo, you have to prioritize the things you have to do. What are you going to do with your internship? I've decided to quit. I know you've been having a difficult time lately. But, I think, if you quit because it's too difficult, you're going to regret it. I'm not giving it up because it's too difficult. I think, that it's most important to do what you like. ♫ Love is raindrops in the form of candy ♫ ♫ Raining down one by one ♫ ♫ The sunshine is swirling around in my eyes ♫ ♫ Warming up snippets of my memories ♫ ♫ There are so much that I can't bear to say ♫ ♫ They're held in my heart, radiating warmth ♫ ♫ Our little times are brimming with fragrance ♫ ♫ Growing up comfortably in the ruckus ♫ ♫ Recalling our happiness, all has been well since we  last parted ♫ ♫ It deserves to be kept forever, never forgotten ♫ Sister Qing, I'm done with the report you told me to do. Thank you. How's your thesis going? When will you be able to work full-time? I was just about to talk to you about this. I want to quit. Quit? Weren't you doing quite well? I was about to make your full-time report. Thank you, Sister Qing. But I've thought about this for a long time. I... want to do advertising more. Advertising? The people at Ao Li, how dare they take my people? No, no. I still haven't found a new job yet. I personally really like advertising and want to do it. So, you don't like finance? Many people think that being in finance is really boring. Actually, there are times when it's very interesting. You can even use your professional knowledge to save a company. - Really?   - Of course. How? You don't like this field anyway, why should I tell you? Forget it. Since you don't like it, I won't force you to. I hope you can find a job that you like. Thank you, Sister Qing. - Then, I'll take my leave.   - Okay. All the best. Thank you, Sister Qing. [Hiring] [Hiring] Can you see it, Senior? - I can.   - Okay. - Professor Jiang, good morning.   - You're busy?   - Professor. Okay. Keep working. Gu Weiyi, what are you doing? I'm writing my thesis. Writing your thesis? Why are you doing things unrelated to the experiment in the lab? I've told you guys before, the respect you have for the experiment and strictness, have you forgotten about that? Writing your thesis... Have you finished your experiment? I have finished my experiment. Finished? B-But if you've finished, you can help the two of them. [Situ] No, are you really writing your thesis? I'm taking the time to understand the origin of surnames while I'm at it. Do your experiment again. I think it's time for you to better focus yourself. Okay. [Female Dorms] Gu Weiyi! Why are you here? - I... I got lost.  - What? It's been a long time since I've come to this part of the school. I'm not too familiar with this area. Where were you going to go? - Where are you going?   - I'm going to an interview. Then let's go. It's on my way. How did you know that I was going to Ao Li for an interview? I... I'd heard. Does news go around that quickly? Let's go. I'm here. Is where you're heading to far from here? It's not far. It's just around here. Then, I'm going in. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. [How long should an interview normally be?] [What's the ratio between the length of an interview and the pass rate?] [How to comfort someone who didn't pass an interview] Why are you still here? How was the interview? It should be about right. They asked me when I could start working. - Then, let's go.   - Let's go. I'm going back. - Okay. Go upstairs first.   - Okay. [Female Dorms] [You've left something, how about...] You really want to get inside the building to sell your products, don't you? I'm not a salesman. Are you sure? You've been standing there with your flyers for quite some time now. Are you new in sales? I've been working here for so many years. I can tell what you want to do here straight away. Hurry up and go away. Auntie, I'm really not a salesman. Pei Lan. Wait for a moment. I just caught a salesman. - What? Where?  - Right here. He's a student of mine. He's Gu Weiyi. He's not a salesman. - Your student?  - Yes. But he's holding... Draft papers? You bunch of bookworms... I really don't understand what's going on in your mind all day. Why are you still indirectly scolding me? All right, hurry up and get away from here. A big-grown boy like you hanging around in front of the female dorms all day long... No wonder I thought you were a salesman. Fine. Let's go, Little Gu. Pei Lan, how about we... There is no "we." Have you realized your mistake? Yes. Say it louder. I realized my mistake. Will you smoke behind my back again? No. I won't. You're not sincere at all. Hurry up and give me the key. I'm in a rush to get some files from the house. I'm leaving. Little Gu, go home, okay? Auntie, you and Professor Jiang... He's my significant other. I've finally finished my thesis! I really just want to curse. Congratulations! At this moment, I, Situ Mo, want to dedicate my thesis to-- Gu Weiyi. Hello? Situ Mo, come back home now. Home? What home? My home. Why? Your mom says she's coming over. What? You didn't tell her that I moved out, did you? I didn't. Okay, stall her. I'll be there soon. Hurry up, I'll do my best. Okay, bye-bye. Oh crap! What are you doing? I told you before. My mom keeps wanting to set me up with Gu Weiyi. She keeps forcing me to live with him. Gu Weiyi just told me that my mom is coming over to check up on us. I need to rush back and pretend that I never moved out. How about... I go with you? I'm just curious about what the house of the physics genius would look like. You said it looked like a mortuary, right? Also, if you bring a friend home with you, your mom will be more likely to believe that you've lived there for a long time. Maybe she won't do a spot check again. Makes sense. Hurry up and pack things up. Hello, I'm Momo's roommate, Wang Shan. She's my friend Wang Shan. - Hello.  - Where's my mom? - She just said that she wasn't coming.   - What? Why? Someone scheduled to play Mahjong with her. No way. She's playing around with me again? You can call her up and ask. Forget about it. If there's nothing going on, we'll be leaving then. Wait for a moment. Someone is coming in a bit. Who? You'll know soon enough. Open the door. Let's celebrate with Mo Mo for finally finishing her thesis! We have to celebrate well for Mo Mo today. You don't mind if we make a mess at your place, do you? What if I say I do? Then, you're being too stingy. Is there any drink you want? We have some beer, juice, and soda. I'll have a beer. Mo Mo shouldn't drink beer. What is he doing here again? You have so many movies here. Why are they all horror? Let's... watch a movie. The old lady wasn't human. Has she gone away? She's gone. He'll eat the candle later. Please stop talking... Why did you stop talking? - You told me not to talk.   - So you stopped talking just because I said so? So do I talk or not? I don't know either. Why aren't there any tomato flavored ones? They were all sold out. - I'll go and...   - No need. - I was just saying.  - Are you scared now? You were forced to stay together because of your mom, right? Yes. What's wrong? Why didn't you tell me last time? What's there to tell? You're not my boyfriend. Where are you going? I suddenly remembered we had tomato flavored chips in the house. Fu Pei. Fu Pei. Fu Pei! I'm fine. I'm fine. I'll get him a glass of water. Situ Mo, come here and help me find the honey. Fu Pei, are you all right? Let's go home. Mo Mo. Fu Pei. Fu Pei, you've drunk too much. [To be continued... There are still easter eggs] Hello? Little Gu? Is Mo Mo doing well so far? She's doing pretty well. I sent you guys something several days ago. It should be arriving today. Remember to check for it, okay? Okay, Auntie. If Mo Mo bullies you, you can tell Auntie. I'll scold her. Okay, Auntie. Situ Mo, come back home now. ♫ Love the corner of your lips, love your eyelashes ♫ ♫ Love the tips of your hair, love your taste ♫ ♫ The signal in your eyes, the little pride in your pout ♫ ♫ They are all your exclusive expression packs ♫ ♫ Love your intonation, love your coquettishness ♫ ♫ Love your smile, oh, love your hug ♫ ♫ You playing up to me like a kitty,my defence is all useless ♫ ♫ No one can replace this kind of feeling ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two servings of happiness ♫ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 