Put Your Head on My Shoulder: Season 1, Episode 8 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder 
 s1e8 - Episode #1.8 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder (2019): Season 1, Episode 8 - Episode #1.8 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ Happiness is nagging next to my ears ♫ ♫ My youth is smiling and showing its dimples ♫ ♫ Love is raindrops in the form of candy ♫ ♫ Raining down one by one ♫ ♫ The sunshine is swirling around in my eyes ♫ ♫ Warming up snippets of my memories ♫ ♫ There are so much that I can't bear to say ♫ ♫ They're held in my heart, radiating warmth ♫ ♫ Continuously reenacting the light breeze, the stars and the moon ♫ ♫ covering the whole sky ♫ ♫ Our little times and long years ♫ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♫ Let’s talk about it slowly, no need to be in a rush ♫ ♫ The sky in the distance is so comfortably warm ♫ ♫ Just like the sunny and cloudless day when we first met ♫ ♫ Our little times are brimming with fragrance ♫ ♫ Growing up comfortably in the ruckus ♫ ♫ Recalling our happiness, all has been well since  we last parted ♫ ♫ It deserves to be kept forever, never forgotten ♫ [Put Your Head On My Shoulders] I want to know your thoughts about Situ Mo. Why is that any of your business? Because it's really important to me. [Episode 8] As long as you have the ocean in your heart, any place can be the Maldives. I've had a cat, he really liked to catch cockroaches. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 There was once when I woke up from a nap, he caught tens of cockroaches and put them in front of me, then he walked away proudly. Mine as well, but he catches dead rats. - Aren't they similar?  - Yes, they're similar. - Mo Mo!  - It's so pretty! - Beautiful, beautiful. - It's so pretty! - Beautiful, beautiful. - Meng Lu, your boyfriend is so handsome. ♪ The corner of your lips have the kind of smile that I want ♪ ♪ I want to give you the best of me ♪ ♪ You don't know how important you are to me ♪ ♪ I treasure every second when you're with me ♪ ♪ Protecting you, I wait with you for the sun to rise  from the East ♪ ♪ Your breathing has merged with my heartbeat ♪ ♪ I want to build a castle, smelling the scent of the ocean ♪ ♪ Holding your hand as we run barefoot on the beach ♪ I have something I want to talk to you about. Okay. Say it. I want to know what your relationship with Wang Shan is. Did Mo Mo tell you to come and ask me? No. Then, why are you asking me? I want to know your thoughts about Situ Mo. Why is that any of your business? Because it's really important to me. Why? She's not the type that you, a science weirdo, would like anyway. You wouldn't become enemies with me because of her, right? What? It's great that there's something to eat. Hurry and eat it. - Who ate my sausage? - Who was it? - I don't know. - Meng Lu! - Mo Mo. - Was it you? - I'll give you back two of them, okay? - No. - Three then. Okay. For a girl that steals sausages, is it worth it for you to do this? It is. Are you okay? I'm fine. I'm going to rinse it with some cold water. Go. Go and take a look. ♪ The nature of always getting myself in trouble ♪ ♪ The corner of your lips have grown thorns ♪ ♪ I'm most familiar with my shadow ♪ Are you all right? I'm fine. Put some medicine on it. Burn injuries can't be treated carelessly. It's quite serious. If a blister forms, see if it's big or not. If it's big, break it and let the liquid out then put medicine on it. If it's small, just let it heal on its own. That day, at Gu Weiyi's house... I know you were drunk and got the wrong person. Sorry. If you're sorry, then treat me to a meal. It couldn't be that you... like...? You're too narcissistic. I heard from Mo Mo that you spend a lot whenever you treat for a meal. I just wanted to steal a meal from you. Forget it. If you really feel sorry to me, hurry and pass the CET grade 4. I don't want to see you anymore. Okay. I promise I'll treat you to a big meal. You have to keep your word. Sure, I'll definitely treat you. If you've liked someone for a long time, but you've never let them know for fear of losing them, but if you don't let them know now, you'll really lose them. If it was you, what would you do? If it was me, I would let them know. But what if you still lose them? Then end it off sooner and start anew from now. I couldn't tell that you were experienced. Why do we have to move the tent?! Our tent is too close to the ocean. It's going to be windy at night and the tide is going to rise. The tents are also not nailed to the ground. It's not safe without any anchorage. Okay, okay. Come and see if it's okay here. - It's fine. - Then, I'm going to fix it here. Okay. - Situ Mo!  - Huh? Help me hold this. Slow down. What if I fall? Stand up. Is this okay? Nail it. How do I nail it? Is there a hammer? Use your internal force. Not funny. I know who has one. Wait a moment. How did you know I brought my heels? Didn't you change them in the car just for a selfie? Hit it lightly! They're really expensive. [Types of seashells] [How to stop snoring] Hi. What are you doing? I couldn't sleep, so I came out for a walk. What are you holding? Selfie stick. I was bored, so I wanted to try it. What? Aren't you going to take a selfie? Here. Gu Weiyi. Yeah? - Are you hungry? - What? I'm so hungry. I don't know if there's any leftover food. I don't think there's any. Let's go. Where are we going? To find food for you. Can you catch them? I can. Oh my! You've really caught it! It's even an alive crab. Let me see! Let me see! Wow! I want to catch some, too. Can I? Here. What is it? - Catch it quickly. - What is it?! A Mantis Shrimp. You're so pointless. The Mantis Shrimp is alive, too. There's no fire. How are we going to cook it? I've wanted to try drilling wood for fire for a long time. Are you serious? What do you think? So, how are we going to cook them? You science freak, what are you going to come up with? It smells so good. Is there any salt? It would be great if we put some salt on them. - What was that? - Seawater. Are you crazy? Is it still edible? The average salinity of seawater is 3.5%. That means, in every 1,000 mL of seawater, there's 3.5g of salt. Moreover, the temperature of an open flame is 700ºC. That's why... nothing will live. I'm grateful to scientists. They respond to my every need, like my own Doraemon. - Eat it. Careful, it's hot. - It smells nice. Have some, too. Only a roasted Mantis Shrimp is a Mantis Shrimp. Smells nice! There's only one. You have it. You eat it, I'm not eating. Why? I'm allergic. Also, it looks like a giant cockroach. You're just jealous because you can't eat it. Are you going to eat it or not? If not, I'm going to throw it out. I am! You can have this. Mo Mo, we're going to leave first. - Bye-bye! - Bye-bye! Bye-bye! Take care. - Bye-bye! - Bye-bye! Slow down! Your hand is injured. Do you want to drag all of us to the grave with you? I'm fine. Gu Weiyi, you drive. - You can help me navigate then. - Okay. What kind of sense of direction does a girl have? I'll navigate for you. What's wrong with a girl? Say that again. Nothing, nothing. It was nothing. I don't have a sense of direction. It said to turn left at the intersection. There's no intersection up ahead. Is there none? Did I navigate wrong? You didn't. We're not there yet. You don't have to be so nervous. Okay, okay. - Do you want some water?  - No need. The target has been reached. Situ Mo. Someone is waiting for you. My mom is here?! This. Go work. Do you want to name it? Go and take it out for a walk every day. Naming it is not a bad suggestion. Then name it. - I got it. - What's the name? Yuan Yuan (circular). Doesn't the name "Yuan Yuan" fit it well? - Okay, thank you. Bye. - Hello. - Hello. - I'm the new intern. I've come to report in. Please come with me. Come in. Hello, Director Sasa. I'm the new intern, my name is Situ Mo. The Personnel Department told me to come and report to you. Hello. Welcome to our department. Thank you. Lina, come in for a moment. Director. Lina is our executive creative director. Hello. I'm the new intern, Situ Mo. Hello, I'm Li Na. Come with me. Okay. This is your seat. The person in front of you is the Art Editor, Ai En. - Your new co-worker, Mo Mo. - Hello. Hello. All right, that's all for introductions. Go and report in at the Personnel Department, then go downstairs and get a roll-up banner sample for me. Okay. Oh, my. - Sorry, sorry.  - Be careful– Are you going to date Fu Pei after we graduate? Xu Jie'er! It's you! Why are you moving things here? I'm here for an internship. I'm here for an internship, too! Which department are you in? The fourth... Creative Department. I'm also in the fourth, Creative Department. - Lead the way for me, please.  - Okay. - Let's go. I'll help you. - Let's go. When did you come to report in? - I just came. - I only just came, too. - Is it heavy?   - It's all right. Come in. Director, this is the new intern, Xu Jie'er. You're Jie'er? Come. Welcome, welcome. Mo Mo, you can go out first. Has CEO Xu been well lately? I haven't seen him in a long time. - He's quite well. - Let's go. Students, from today onwards, we've finally come back to the new school district for our experiments. Has everyone heard the tasks I've assigned everyone to? Yes! Professor, you haven't assigned my task yet. You, just focus on your master's thesis. I want to continue doing experiments. What's important for you is to decide on your thesis's topic. Why don't you have a look at how much time you have left? My master's thesis and participation in the experiments aren't in conflict. Have you finished with the calculations I gave you last time? I haven't finished yet. Xie Yuyin, there's a limit to a person's energy. Right now, just focus on one thing. But I really want to participate in the experiment. I've been following this experiment since I was an undergraduate. I can't accept that you won't let me participate now. It's not that I'm not letting you participate, I'm just afraid that you will hinder the experiment– So I can participate if I finish the calculations on the materials? All right. Then hand in the calculation results tomorrow. Tomorrow? Not even Professor Jiang himself can finish the calculations by tomorrow. No problem. Listen. What I want are results that are accurate with no mistakes. Professor Jiang! I have something I want to ask you about the experiment! Where are you up to? Don't you have to finish the calculations by tomorrow? I was only speaking out of anger. How could I possibly finish them? You can, if we do them together. Do you know how to calculate them? Of course. Hello? Hello, I've already put your parcel in your mailbox. It's fresh food. Please pick it up as soon as possible. - Okay. - Mo Mo! Why are you here? I came to pick you up after work. Are you insane? - Let's go, let's go. I'll treat you to dinner.  - I'm not going. Not free. Are you still angry at me? What happened with Wang Shan last time was a misunderstanding. Whether it was a misunderstanding or not has nothing to do with me, I'm going home. - Mo Mo!  - Fu Pei! Long time no see. Long time no see. So, the two of you are still together? No. The two of you are working together? Why didn't you tell me? - Yeah, we only knew today. Right?  - Yeah. Then, I'm going. Fu Pei, which way are you going? That way. That's great. So am I. Let's go together. - Okay.  - Let's go. Dad. I'm going to where you are tomorrow. Let's eat together. I don't have time. The signal is bad. That's all for now. Your dad? It has been so many years, but my memory of your dad is still fresh in my mind. He scared us so much back then that we broke up the second day. Let's go. Hello? Hello, Mom? What did you send? I especially made some sauced beef for you. So that you can eat it with Little Gu. Eat what? We can't cook anyway. I knew you two didn't cook, that's why I made sauced beef for you guys. Little Gu can have it with alcohol. How bothersome. What's bothersome about it? Why should I take care of him? I'm tired as well. All right, all right. Am I really your daughter? - Hello? - Are you not coming back? I'm staying at the lab tonight. You should tell me if you aren't coming back. Okay. I'll tell you in the future. That's it. Bye-bye. Fine then, if you're not coming back. Do you want to take a break and call for some take-out? There's no need. Let's hurry. Student Yuan Yuan, don't you care that your dad isn't coming home tonight? Low battery, about to shut down. Low battery, about to shut down. Thank you. I'm going to sleep then. You really did the calculations. Impossible. I think so, too. Then, I can continue participating in the experiment. Right? Wait. You didn't make these data up to fool me, did you? Professor! I'm going to pick a few to check. Gu Weiyi, come out and help me check. Okay. Gu Weiyi! Your recent attitude has been unbelievable. Look your senior sister finished such difficult calculations last night. But you? You were napping away. - Professor, Gu Weiyi– - Look. She's even speaking for you. Don't you feel ashamed? He's not ashamed. Because he did two-thirds of it. What? I did the calculations. Did I calculate them wrong? Impossible! These are not what an undergraduate learns. Professor, Xie Yuyin lied to protect him. If Gu Weiyi really did them... that's not impossible either. Then, Professor, get him to do them to show me. Zhou Lei only gives up whenever he gets beaten by Gu Weiyi. The fight of two tigers. It's unfortunate that Zhou Lei is the one who gets hurt each time. Professor, I can continue participating in the experiment. Right? Stop with that. Gu Weiyi is the one who did the calculations, not you. You only said you wanted accurate results, you didn't say who had to do them. - Can you really do it? - I can. Teacher, can I stop here? I want to go home to sleep. Oh, ask if Zhou Lei approves. Why is he still not back? [Gu Weiyi] - That's all. - Okay. Please wait a moment. The dishes here taste amazing. Three Michelin stars. It's a very famous restaurant. Thank you, CEO Fu. What "CEO Fu, CEO Fu." Just call me Boss. CEO Fu, you are really humorous. - Dad.  - You're here? Sit down. Why didn't you pick up my calls? I put it on silent. My son, Fu Pei. He's studying Management at Southern University. Southern University? He must be a top student. Of course. Son, this is the new executive assistant at the company. Call her Auntie Ling Ling. Why are you here? Where's my mom? I came for a business trip. Why should I bring your mom on my business trip? She'll affect my business deals. Really? What's with your attitude? Fu Pei, what major are you studying? You should be graduating soon, right? This year. Your senior is asking you questions, answer properly. What did I teach you? It's fine, it's fine. What senior? She's about my age, but you keep calling her my senior. Aren't you worried that you're going to break her good luck? CEO Fu, my university friend heard that I came for a business trip and wanted to meet up with me. Why don't I leave first? You two take your time eating. Come out with me. Have you become rebellious? I sent you out here for university, so that you could learn like this?! Did you think that nobody can control you because you're at university? I'm telling you, stop dreaming! As long as you're my son, you have to listen to me! You're the same as your mom; both of you are ungrateful! - Don't mention my mom. - Why can't I mention your mom?! What kind of great person do you think your mom is? When you were young, she left you behind and ran away! That was because you were cheating! So what?! She still left you behind and ran! Did you think that she came back because she missed you? Wrong! She missed my money. I have money! Without money, who is going to be willing to stay beside you? Who is going to care about you? I'm telling you, no one! What kind of look is that? You kid, you've really turned–! There is! Gu Weiyi. Gu Weiyi? Gu Weiyi. Gu Weiyi. He's not dead, is he? What are you doing? I was going to wake you up to eat some sauced beef. Come out. Has the ghost come out? Has the ghost come out? Has it come out? Has the ghost come out yet? Has it?! If you're so scared, why do you still want to watch it? If you're not scared, why are you watching it? I finished eating it. I cut up the beef, so you can wash the plate. You finished it so quickly? There's more in the fridge. Go and cut some more. Who is it? Who would come knocking in the middle of the night? What are you doing? Don't open the door. I'll do it. Just open the door. Why are you holding a knife? Why should a girl open the door in the middle of the night? [To be continued, there are easter eggs...] Situ Mo. What is it? I know your phone's password. What? How did you know? You've opened it many times in front of me. I hope you can change it to a more complicated one. Oh, okay. Right, send me all the photos from the seaside to me. Okay. [I've eaten in the lab.] [Okay, I'll eat by myself then.] [What time are you coming back?] [Okay. Did you bring your keys?] [Saved] ♫ Love the corner of your lips, love your eyelashes ♫ ♫ Love the tips of your hair, love your taste ♫ ♫ The signal in your eyes, the little pride in your pout ♫ ♫ They are all your exclusive expression packs ♫ ♫ Love your intonation, love your coquettishness ♫ ♫ Love your smile, oh, love your hug ♫ ♫ You playing up to me like a kitty, my defence is all useless ♫ ♫ No one can replace this kind of feeling ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day,  slowly fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 