Put Your Head on My Shoulder: Season 1, Episode 17 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder 
 s1e17 - Episode #1.17 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder (2019): Season 1, Episode 17 - Episode #1.17 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ Happiness is nagging next to my ears ♫ ♫ My youth is smiling and showing its dimples ♫ ♫ Love is raindrops in the form of candy ♫ ♫ Raining down one by one ♫ ♫ The sunshine is swirling around in my eyes ♫ ♫ Warming up snippets of my memories ♫ ♫ There are so much that I can't bear to say ♫ ♫ They're held in my heart, radiating warmth ♫ ♫ Continuously reenacting the light breeze, the stars  and the moon ♫ ♫ covering the whole sky ♫ ♫ Our little times and long years ♫ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♫ Let’s talk about it slowly, no need to be in a rush ♫ ♫ The sky in the distance is so comfortably warm ♫ ♫ Just like the sunny and cloudless day when we first met ♫ ♫ Our little times are brimming with fragrance ♫ ♫ Growing up comfortably in the ruckus ♫ ♫ Recalling our happiness, all has been well since we  last parted ♫ ♫ It deserves to be kept forever, never forgotten ♫ [Put Your Head On My Shoulder] How about we go out and exercise a bit? Don't tell me you don't even know how to play ping pong? I know how to. [Episode 17] What are you doing? What's wrong with you? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What happened with your neck? It's a little cold. I'll go and close the balcony door. There's no need. It's not because of the wind. It's better to close it. It's just that I stood in front of the fridge for too long. The sound you make when closing the door will wake Shan Shan up. Will she go back to school tomorrow? Is Wang Shan leaving tomorrow? I don't know. Didn't she have a fight with Fu Pei? I'll get Fu Pei to pick her up then. If we do things this way, it's not that good. Is it not? Hello?  It's Gu Weiyi and Situ Mo. Are you guys crazy? Why are you calling me in the middle of the night? Shan Shan's at our place. What's she doing there? It's so far, tomorrow she... Come and pick her up now. Don't listen to him, Shan Shan's sleeping. I just wanted to say, Shan Shan looked quite upset. - You—  - Come here to pick her up early in the morning tomorrow. Can't you just be a little tactful? - I was tactful.   - You call that being tactful? Of course. How do you say tactless? Your girlfriend is at my house and it's annoying. Admission ticket, student card, identification card. Pencil, eraser. Why are you up so early? Sleep a little more. It's still early. It's okay, I'm awake now. Go have your breakfast then. I bought it. Let's not wake him up. He might still be sleeping. When I went out this morning, I saw him in the living room drinking water. That's why I bought for three people. When he wants to eat, he'll come out to eat. Are we eating breakfast? Let's go. I bought everything at the shop. Choose what you would like to eat. Use chopsticks, it's oily. Use your hands to eat it. Do you guys have any plans for today? No. - Shan Shan?   - Yeah? It's just... Meng Lu is going shopping today, do you want to go? Of course, I won't go. Then, are you going to the library today? What are you trying to say? Nothing, nothing. I just wanted to say that if you weren't going anywhere, we could watch a movie together? Nonsense! Of course, I have to get out. I have the postgraduate exam today. Really? You have the exam today? Why are you so happy? I was just thinking, you'll be a graduate student from now on. I'm so happy for you. You're crazy! I don't even know yet if I'll pass. You can do it. You'll definitely pass. Can't talk anymore, I need to pack up my things. Don't be nervous during the exam. I never get nervous during exams. By the way, there's no traffic around here. Right? It's hard to say, but don't worry. You'll make it on time for sure. - I'm leaving then.   - Good luck! I'm leaving! Bye-bye! Fighting! Fighting! Task completed. Wang Shan is walking downstairs. - Shan Shan!   - What are you doing here? I'll drive you there. There's a lot of traffic right now. Let's go or you won't make it on time for your exam. I already called a cab. Shan Shan, my motorcycle is faster than a cab. Shan Shan, it's faster than the cab. Shan Shan, it's really faster. Shan Shan, mine is faster. It's really faster. Mister, how much longer will it take to arrive? After this part, it should be fast. There was probably an accident upfront. Okay, okay. Get off! You'll be late. Hurry! Here's the money. Keep the change. You have an exam today. Do you still want to do the exam or not? Hurry. Here, put it on. I... If you push me away again, I won't come to you again. Not bad, get on. Sit still. We arrived. Quick! So fast? If it was this close, why did you take me on a motorcycle? I hardly managed to borrow a motorcycle, it'd be a pity if I didn't carry you. Why did you borrow a motorcycle? I wanted to be the handsome guy so that you can forgive me sooner. It seems that this time I was the one who was wrong. Oh, that's right! I'll forgive you. I'm a gentleman anyway. Thank you. It's all right. Go to your exam. You're going to be late, young lady. - Hurry up!   - I'll be going then. - Good luck!   - Bye-bye! - Do your best!   - All right! What are we going to do now? Let's watch another movie. But we watched two movies already. Let's go shopping then. Didn't we just do that yesterday? Let's go have a meal then. I'm full. What if we go out and exercise a bit? I don't exercise. I think walking is also an exercise. Don't tell me you don't even know how to play ping pong? I know how to. Let's start then. I'm going to serve the ball. Here it goes. It's here. I'm really serving it now. Look at the ball; pay attention. I wasn't ready. Let's change and you serve it this time. Come on. Come on. I think the table in the park is not the standard one. There's something wrong with the length. Get the ball. Who's going to get the ball? You were the one who missed it, so you should get it. I'm not going. Hurry up! I think there's something wrong with the elastic coefficient of the racket. I think there's something wrong with your skills. You have a problem. The boy in the school uniform is so handsome! Of course, you're still the most handsome. I meant he looks handsome skateboarding. Hello. Hello. Gu Weiyi? Can I try it? Sure, but be careful. Do you know how to do it? It looks really hard and dangerous, don't do it. Yes, it's really hard. Using physics, he stepped on the tail, as the center of the force (torque). Torque equals the product of force and radius. He used his foot and the board to create distance and it formed a movement. He then used this type of explosive effort to complete the movement. In this move, the static momentum at the center of the pivot is almost zero. By stepping down on the tail, gravity will move the board. Be careful! Are you okay? Theory and practice allow the gap of skills to exist. Is your back okay? I'm fine. It's pretty late and I have to work tomorrow. I'm heading to my room first. Then rest early. Then... goodnight. Goodnight. - Goodnight.   - Goodnight. Actually, I don't think it's too late. I think you are right. Are you sleepy yet? Not yet. This commercial is pretty interesting. Are you sleepy yet? No! I am studying. This commercial was filmed very well. I'll switch channels. ♫ A little bit of feelings ♫ ♫ A little bit of intensity ♫ ♫ Even an ordinary life changes ♫ ♫ As if taken over by gentleness ♫ ♫ The story trembles with fate ♫ ♫ Gathering the courage to make a promise ♫ ♫ I want to walk farther with you ♫ ♫ Shining throughout the sky covered in stars ♫ ♫ Slowly melting me in your gaze ♫ ♫ I want to walk farther with you ♫ ♫ This is all of my thoughts ♫ ♫ Let’s create the most touching scene together ♫ ♫ I want to walk farther with you ♫ ♫ No matter how this world changes ♫ ♫ At least this pair of hands are going to hold tightly  to each other ♫ ♫ Let the length of a love song witness our forever ♫ Why do I have to close my eyes? Now, when can I open my eyes and not be awkward? I might as well, right at the start... My head is probably really heavy. Situ Mo! Stop faking it. Isn't your neck sore? I... am going to work. Do you want a pain relief patch? No need. Then you help me put it on. Me? I'm going to work. I'll take you. You're not going back to school today? Later. The bench is cold. Good morning! Did you check the OA? What OA? Didn't you laugh like that because you saw the OA? What did they send? I'll see. You don't need to check. Just two things. One thing is the company notice. Our four creative departments have to create at least one design each to participate in the Gold Pin Print Advertisement Design Competition. How does this relate to us? The permanent staff are too lazy to join. They think that if they participate, they won't win and it will be a waste of time. So they let the interns participate. I still have a lot of work to do. The second news is related to us. This year, the interns can leave for winter break. It can't be! - Really?   - Of course. I heard that it was because last year an intern said that winter break was an official holiday for graduates and then he asked for triple salary and even brought it to the Human Resources Department. And then? He was fired. What a sad ending. We have winter break! The photo edit is a little overboard. - The face is too skinny.   - I'll fix it. Did you two check OA? - Saw it.   - Saw it. Then, prepare it when you're on winter break. After the break, each person will send two designs. - Okay.   - Okay. Senior, how's your data going? It's good. Once I'm done compiling it all, I'll give it to Gu Weiyi to calculate. Gu Weiyi calculates? I can calculate, too! I am the one with a math major. How come you guys are always like this? Everything is Gu Weiyi, Gu Weiyi! He calculates faster than you. Gu Weiyi! Xie Yuyin said that you need to finish the calculations within ten minutes. When did I say ten minutes? Didn't you say he calculates faster than me? But still, you can't say that! Ten minutes is fine. Classmates, look who is back. Senior! - We haven't seen each other in so long!   - When did you get back? Come, come, Gu Weiyi! Come on. You two don't know her, do you? Let me introduce her. Your senior, Lu Jianshi. It's the student who went as an exchange student to Heidelberg in Germany. The rumored great "God of Physics"? Senior Lu, hello. I'm Zhou Lei. - Hello.   - Hello. You're Gu Weiyi, right? Hello, Senior. Before I left, I'd heard of you. Hopefully this time we can go to Germany together. Professor, did you already decide? How can you be like this? It hasn't been decided yet. Senior says that and you still say it hasn't been decided. I already said it's not. This time your senior came back because Heidelberg authorized us to observe you guys. Right after winter break, we will give you a test. Pretty good, right? This time, the test scores will be a part of it, but the usual lab performance is also another part. Don't be like "it's decided" all day. Look at you! Do you even look like a scientist? I... I understand! I'll calculate. You rest. Hurry. Go work. You're pretty impressive! Time out. I'm taking off my jacket. I didn't expect our Shan Shan to be this good! Just say you're hot. Stop kissing up. When is Gu Weiyi coming? Who cares? Let's play. Are you okay? It's fine. I hit the paddle. Be careful! Don't get hurt. You'll take care of me even if I'm hurt. Who's taking care of you? The one with the heartache. I'm really okay. I'm here. Go teach him. You first need to tell me your ping pong skill level, then I can teach aligned with your ability. I have no skill. No skill?! I know how to train you systematically. It's really not easy. When will you let him play? Him? Let him master that first and we'll see. [ORI Advertising] What time do you finish work?  If I don't have to work overtime, I can leave at 6:00 p.m. Are you going to come and pick me up? Are you in a rush to leave? No, I was just tidying up my things. Then come with me for a moment. Dear, I've made you wait for a long time. No, no. Before Situ came, the two of us had gone through the executive summary and plan. I've troubled you to call her over here, dear. I mainly wanted to give our greetings. Our Zhicun will be in your care in the future. That is the outcome of both of our parties' hard work, right? Otherwise, the brand company wouldn't have put us together again and asked for the exact same two people. That's because you are outstanding. Look. Even if she is an intern, Zhicun has complimented her for her professional proficiency. He told me that she must be brought along when we cooperate next time. Dear, you're over-complimenting us. Zhicun rushed over here the moment he finished filming. He hasn't even removed the special effects makeup yet. - You guys can head back to rest first.   - All right. My stomach is hurting, I want to go to the restroom. I want to get a tour around the office. Sister Sasa is so busy. I don't need Sister Sasa's accompaniment. She will do. Mo Mo, take them on a tour around the office, then. This is the fourth creative department. What is there to look at in an office? Isn't an actor supposed to experience life? I'm going to the restroom. We'll leave when I come back. You still have a job tomorrow morning. Isn't your stomach hurting? Why didn't you go to the restroom with Linda? Let's go, I'll take you on a tour. I don't want to go anymore. You can get off work. Why? I'm a poser. [If I don't have to work overtime, I can leave at 6:00 p.m.] Don't wait for him anymore. He won't come to pick you up. If he didn't reply, then he's not coming. I'm a man, I know. I let you off work early, why are you repaying my kindness with vengeance? Didn't you say that you're a hotshot? I just wanted to see what it was like to do what I want to make Linda angry. You're too childish. My fans refer to it as a cute contrast. Stop looking at it. I told you he's not coming. Why won't you listen? He's not the same as you. How so? Is he not childish? Childish... Go to work. What he's doing is called "cute contrast." Is the car at the door? We're out. Gu Weiyi! [To be continued, there are easter eggs...] Situ Mo, remember to put away the clothes in the living room. Did he pay me? He's telling me to put away the clothes. Gu Weiyi! Do you have money? My transport card ran out of money. Give me ¥2. My wallet is in the pocket of my coat. Get it yourself. Gu Weiyi! What's up? Where did you get this? I printed it outside the restaurant last time. I'm asking you how you got this! I don't know either. I'll give you ¥5. Gu Weiyi, explain it to me! Gu Weiyi! Gu Weiyi! ♫ Love the corner of your lips, love your eyelashes ♫ ♫ Love the tips of your hair, love your taste ♫ ♫ The signal in your eyes, the little pride in your pout ♫ ♫ They are all your exclusive expression packs ♫ ♫ Love your intonation, love your coquettishness ♫ ♫ Love your smile, oh, love your hug ♫ ♫ You playing up to me like a kitty, my defence is all useless ♫ ♫ No one can replace this kind of feeling ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 