Put Your Head on My Shoulder: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder 
 s1e7 - Episode #1.7 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder (2019): Season 1, Episode 7 - Episode #1.7 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ Happiness is nagging next to my ears ♫ ♫ My youth is smiling and showing its dimples ♫ ♫ Love is raindrops in the form of candy ♫ ♫ Raining down one by one ♫ ♫ The sunshine is swirling around in my eyes ♫ ♫ Warming up snippets of my memories ♫ ♫ There are so much that I can't bear to say ♫ ♫ They're held in my heart, radiating warmth ♫ ♫ Continuously reenacting the light breeze, the stars and the moon ♫ ♫ covering the whole sky ♫ ♫ Our little times and long years ♫ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♫ Let’s talk about it slowly, no need to be in a rush ♫ ♫ The sky in the distance is so comfortably warm ♫ ♫ Just like the sunny and cloudless day when we first met ♫ ♫ Our little times are brimming with fragrance ♫ ♫ Growing up comfortably in the ruckus ♫ ♫ Recalling our happiness, all has been well since we  last parted ♫ ♫ It deserves to be kept forever, never forgotten ♫ [Put Your Head On My Shoulders] What are you doing? [Episode 7] Fu Pei, you're drunk. Mo Mo... Mo Mo, I wasn't– Shan Shan, be careful on your way back. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Mo Mo, we weren't– You two, go ahead and leave. Let's leave. I'll go get the mop. Don't pick them up. The packaging on all glass products have a "Fragile" sticker on them. But not everyone will be careful. They carelessly think, "It can't possibly break that easily." "Surely it can't be that bad." "It was fine last time." But when they open the packaging, they'll realize... that what's broken is broken. "What should I do?" "I can only throw it away now." Situ Mo. What is it? You can't leave. Why can't I leave? You can leave after you clean up the house. I... cleaned up. Take those things off the wall. If I tear it down, wouldn't the paint come off? If you knew the paint would be ruined, why did you stick them on? Then, I'm tearing them. If the paint falls off, you have to fix it before you can leave. Perfectly intact. Is that fine? I'm leaving. Wait. What is it now? The drain is blocked. So? Isn't this not blocked? With the previous water displacement, it would have reached 1.2L per second. With the current water displacement, it would only be 0.6L per second at most. So? Why did I have to come and unblock it? Fine. It's my fault for having long hair. - I–I'll hire someone to come and fix it.   - I'm leaving then. Wait. What is it now? It's too late today. I can only ask someone to come and fix it tomorrow. But I'm not at home tomorrow, can you wait at home? Fine. I'm hungry. I'm going to cook noodles, do you want some? Yes. Where is the instant noodles that I left in the fridge? I ate them. I'll go buy some. - What brand do you want me to buy?  - Any. Is there anything else you need? Do you want eggs? I'll go with you. - Thanks.   - Thanks. It's cheap. Young man, try our new product. - Auntie, I don't eat sweets.   - It's not sweet at all. Auntie! Let me have a taste. - It's quite nice. Let's buy one.  - It's good, right? You try it, too. Let's buy it, okay? - Auntie, give me a box.   - Okay. Where is he? University students are cultured and know how to live a good life. I've put the machine in here for you. If there's any problem or questions, just come to me. Have a look, what else do you need? This robot is good. This machine can manage those three other machines really well. Also, it can manage the other machines in your house too– Gu Weiyi! Look at this. You took all of these things? What's wrong? Put it down. It's too expensive. I have money. No, young lady. Actually, have a look, not only can it manage all the electrical appliances in your house, it also has a special function. It can imitate emotions. Let's say when it's boring, it can also have a chat with everyone. It can chat with you. I can also chat with you. Let's go. No, young man. I know that you really love your girlfriend. Our robots are all really practical. They can also do your housework as well. If you buy it then you truly do love your girlfriend. Young lady, I know, you're worried about your boyfriend spending money. Auntie, we're not in a boyfriend-girlfriend relationship. You're not boyfriend and girlfriend? You care so much about her. How about we just buy one? Okay. You can pay for it. Young man, you're not going to look at this robot? And the one that wipes the windows! Mister, our supermarket is having a sale. If you buy over ¥200, you'll get a shopping bag. You have about ¥190 here. We have a small robot here, doesn't that make it up to ¥200? Sorry, our electrical appliances are not included in the sale. You can get the sale if you get a box of chewing gum. I'll get a box then. What are you doing? Keep studying how it works, I'm going to sleep. - Who is it?!  - The vacuuming robot bumped into the door. [Drain blocked] [Her mom won't let her move out] [It's close to her workplace here] [Horror films]  [There's a ghost in the house]  [The house catches on fire]  [A thief breaks] When is the plumber going to come and unblock the drain? Soon. Didn't you have something to do today? Why are you still here? I'll leave later. But are you still going to go back to the dorms? Yeah. Actually, I advise you to keep living here. Why? 1. The company you went to for your interview is really close. You can even walk to work. But I still don't know if I've been hired. 2. The university has become stricter with people returning late to the dorms. The school is so far, too. You also know that once the internship starts, you have to start considering these concerns. 3. Auntie Huang has already sent a year's worth of rent to my mom. It will last until you graduate. But it's fine if you don't want to keep living here, my mom will definitely give the money back to your mom. But whether Auntie Huang will continue giving you money for rent... is what I don't know about. Gu Weiyi, is it? Here's your parcel. Thank you. [Military Order] I think Auntie Huang won't give you money for rent anymore. Why? I'm going to live here until my experiment at the old school district finishes, then I'm going back to the school. Why do you have to keep me here? I'm scared of your mom. I understand you. That I can understand. Hello, did you call for a plumber? Yes, please come with me. Okay. It'll be fine with me here. If you have something to do, you can leave first. I'm going back! You didn't come back last night! Tell us! Did you stay over at Gu Weiyi's house last night? Didn't I tell you already? Don't act like you've lost your memory. Continue. Mo Mo, come look at Niu Niu's eyebrows. - Why don't they look right with any color?  - What? Would it be better if they were a bit thicker? Even thicker? - She's going to look like Crayon Shin-Chan if they're any thicker.   - Let me try, let me try. No way! Save me! - Don't run, Niu Niu! - Save me! I'm telling you, it'll look better if they were thicker. Trust me. - No way!   - You have to trust me. Don't move! I'm coming! Niu Niu! Niu Niu! Niu Niu! Don't run! Don't run! Shan Shan, save me! You're back? Yeah. Hello? Hello, is this Situ Mo? Yes. This is ORI Advertisement. I'm glad to tell you that you've passed our interview and review. - Really? - Yes. Thank you! Thank you! Goodbye. Goodbye. Mo Mo, what happened between you and Shan Shan? Nothing. It wasn't nothing, was it? Oh right. I might have to move out again. Why?! I got hired by ORI. Really?! Mo Mo! You're great! Mo Mo, you're too brilliant. I got it. You want to organize a singles gathering just because of that? Isn't it too bothersome? Girls are troublesome. It was just a quarrel. Who went through my drawers? Ah Ke. Where are my socks? He took everyone's socks to help his girlfriend hide her cooking pot. Hiding her cooking pot? It was just a small matter. Filling his 24-hour duty as a boyfriend, I guess. His girlfriend has been calling again the last few days, saying that she wants to organize a club singles gathering. - Are you going to the singles gathering?  - No. I knew you were going to say that. Okay. I'm going to hang up. Bye-bye. Help me with a favor. My girlfriend said that she doesn't have enough people for groups in an extracurricular activity. They're going to organize a club singles gathering. I can't find anyone to attend. I won't go. We're already in our fourth year. Who has the time to attend? Everyone who attends will be female classmates. Then, I suddenly have the time to go. Right? You have to go. I'm not going. Mo Mo! Here. Do the two of you know each other? Why wouldn't I know my boyfriend? Y–You've changed your boyfriend? I'm wondering how long has it been that the two of us shared secrets? I broke up with the last one ages ago. I met this one when I was playing games after the new school district combined. What? I didn't tell you? I remember that I did. Mo Mo, Ah Ke. Situ Mo. Hi. Hello. Hello. - I bought milk tea for you.  - Thank you. Hi, I'm Meng Lu. Hello. My girlfriend. I know. Why didn't I know anything? Then, you two are...? - Roommates.   - Roommates. Oh. I feel like someone pressed the fast-forward button on me. - Have some prawns.  - I have a lot. Try this. It's really good. I want an egg. Oh right. Did Ah Ke tell you about the singles gathering? He did. What did he say? Why don't I know anything? I'm bringing you out to play. Going where to play? Don't ask about so much. We're just going out to play. But I have to do my internship. It's right before you go for your internship. Also, I have to get my course credit. You have to help me. - But I... - There are no "buts." Do you not want to relax before you go for your internship? Also, this time, we're going to the beach Then I'll go. Yous should go, too. - He won't go– - I'll go. Didn't you say that you weren't going? You didn't tell me we were going to the beach. The last time when we went to the sea– aquarium. Yes, I got it wrong. It was the aquarium. You like going to the beach, too? - Yeah. - Eat more vegetables. When I'm done with the activity invite, I'll send you guys one. - Okay.  - We're going on a date. The two of you... do whatever you want. - Do you have anything in the afternoon?  - No. Help me move out. I'll treat you to watermelon. - Okay.  - Let's go. Let me know after you've done the count. I'm going to rent the tents. Okay. Okay. All right, don't worry. Okay. Aren't you way too stinky? Go take a shower. How could there only be 14 people? Did you count Situ Mo? What? - What activity is it?  - We– I'll join. It's fine. It's not heavy. - Then help me hold this.  - What? Give me these. First, help me take the keys out. - Where is it?  - In the outermost pocket. It's not here. I've found it. Is this the chewing gum from last time? Don't– - It's not mine– - I know. Sorry, sorry, sorry! [Floor One] The last time when we bought the vacuuming robot, I found it in the bag. Oh. Then, I must have thought it was chewing gum and got the wrong thing. Yeah. How about... I put it on the shelf for you? Throw it out. You're really going to throw it out? Are you going to keep it? T–Throw it. I'll throw it. Actually, there's something I'm quite curious about. Why did you... keep it in your bag? Do you have an activity at night? Do you want to join? Do you want some watermelon? Come in. Is there something else? It's just that... there's a piece of paper. It's rectangle. Are you listening to me? I am. The military warrant that my mom sent to you, give it to me. I didn't take it. Then, where did it go? I couldn't find it anywhere. I don't know. Did you really not take it? What would I do with it？ That's true, too. You couldn't have hidden it and joined my mom in threatening me. I wouldn't. All right. I'll keep looking. Chance, chance, chance. Yes! None, none, no chance. Loan; a usurious loan. - Usurious loan.  - No way. You're back? Yeah. In how long will it take for you guys to arrive? We can see you guys. Get on! The security won't let us stop for too long. Get in the car. Wow. I can already smell the scent of the sea. Help take some of the stuff. Look at Little Pang. All right, let's go down. Is this the sea? Isn't this just a river? It's not even as clean as a river. This is totally different from what I expected.  (T/N: lit. refers to when a photograph of what you're buying online doesn't match up with what you're sent) We've come anyway. We can't go back now, right? Let's first set up the tents. Quickly! ♫ Happiness is nagging next to my ears ♫ ♫ My youth is smiling and showing its dimples ♫ ♫ Love is raindrops in the form of candy ♫ ♫ Raining down one by one ♫ ♫ The sunshine is swirling around in my eyes ♫ ♫ Warming up snippets of my memories ♫ ♫ There are so much that I can't bear to say ♫ ♫ They're held in my heart, radiating warmth ♫ ♫ Continuously reenacting the tireless yearning ♫ What are you doing? I'm taking a selfie. Let's take one together. Okay! What are you doing, Lu Lu?! What? - What do you think we're doing?  - What do you think we're going? Save me, Shan Shan! Be careful! ♫ Let’s talk about it slowly, no need to be in a rush ♫ ♫ The sky in the distance is so comfortably warm ♫ ♫ Just like the sunny and cloudless day when we first met ♫ ♫ Our little times are brimming with fragrance ♫ ♫ Growing up comfortably in the ruckus ♫ ♫ Recalling our happiness, all has been well since we  last parted ♫ ♫ It deserves to be kept forever, never forgotten ♫ ♫ Our little times and long years ♫ ♫ Let’s talk about it slowly, no need to be in a rush ♫ ♫ The sky in the distance is so comfortably warm ♫ ♫ Just like the sunny and cloudless day when we first met ♫ ♫ Our little times are brimming with fragrance ♫ ♫ Growing up comfortably in the ruckus ♫ ♫ Recalling our happiness, all has been well since we  last parted ♫ ♫ It deserves to be kept forever, never forgotten ♫ - Mo Mo! - Mo Mo. - Is there someone inside? No one's inside. - Are you going to change you clothes? - Don't catch a cold. Stop that. Meng Lu, help me tie my hair. Thank you. Let's have a fair fight. - Are you talking about Fu Pei? - Yeah. I'm not going to fight fair with you. What do you mean? It's just... that I feel like I don't like him anymore. Was it because of me? There is no need– I swear on the group, it was definitely not. Why are you standing here? Are you flying a kite? If you can do it, you do it then. Here. The wind is blowing this way. Walk. Let go when I tell you to. Okay. Let go! It's up! It's up! It's up! Higher! A bit higher! A bit higher! Slowly. You-You... higher. I don't know how to. It's really easy. When the string feels loose, pull it tighter. Hey! It's flying up. Are you okay? Some people are like kites. When their string is put in someone else's hand, they try their hardest to fly away. They've never thought that the person holding the string could get tired, too. The person wouldn't let go of the string only because they're reluctant to. You're not reluctant now. Gu Weiyi, I only just got the kite to fly. I'm going to kill you! - Calm down.  - I'm going to kill you! Is my footprint that deep? Mine is deeper. Measuring by eye, mine are deeper. My measurements by eye are different from yours. My measurements are standard. Hey! Look! What is this? - A shell. - What kind of shell? A shell. This, this, this! This can't be some kind of jewel, right? This is the mosaic tile in bathrooms. Don't they say that conch shells have the sound of the sea? There really is! Have a listen. There really is the sound of the sea. Have you watched Spongebob? Spongebob has a magical conch shell, it knows all of the secrets of the ocean. Will ours know many secrets, too? There really is the sound of the ocean! What you're hearing is the sound of the blood in your head and the sound of the air. What? According to the theory of resonance, when the vibrations of the sound wave and the vibrations inside of the conch shell are the same, the sound wave's vibrations and the sound intensity will be amplified, reaching resonance. So what you're hearing is the sound of the movement of air and the sound of the flow of blood propagated by the shell. What? It's the same logic as when you put your water bottle next to your ear. Why would I put a water bottle next to my ear? It's the same with a glass cup. No. Collect them yourself. Anyway, I don't know anything. I'll see what you will pick up. [There's easter eggs coming...] - Morning. - Morning. Wait, wait, wait! Go in after a while. Oh. ♫ Love the corner of your lips, love your eyelashes ♫ ♫ Love the tips of your hair, love your taste ♫ ♫ The signal in your eyes, the little pride in your pout ♫ ♫ They are all your exclusive expression packs ♫ ♫ Love your intonation, love your coquettishness ♫ ♫ Love your smile, oh, love your hug ♫ ♫ You playing up to me like a kitty, my defence is all useless ♫ ♫ No one can replace this kind of feeling ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step, circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day,  slowly fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day,  slowly fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 