Put Your Head on My Shoulder: Season 1, Episode 10 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder 
 s1e10 - Episode #1.10 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder (2019): Season 1, Episode 10 - Episode #1.10 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ Happiness is nagging next to my ears ♫ ♫ My youth is smiling and showing its dimples ♫ ♫ Love is raindrops in the form of candy ♫ ♫ Raining down one by one ♫ ♫ The sunshine is swirling around in my eyes ♫ ♫ Warming up snippets of my memories ♫ ♫ There are so much that I can't bear to say ♫ ♫ They're held in my heart, radiating warmth ♫ ♫ Continuously reenacting the light breeze, the stars  and the moon ♫ ♫ covering the whole sky ♫ ♫ Our little times and long years ♫ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♫ Let’s talk about it slowly, no need to be in a rush ♫ ♫ The sky in the distance is so comfortably warm ♫ ♫ Just like the sunny and cloudless day when we first met ♫ ♫ Our little times are brimming with fragrance ♫ ♫ Growing up comfortably in the ruckus ♫ ♫ Recalling our happiness, all has been well since we  last parted ♫ ♫ It deserves to be kept forever, never forgotten ♫ [Put Your Head On My Shoulder] [Episode 10] - It fell!   - Let me see! Use your cell phone's camera to take a selfie with the person you like. Who is it? - What is this?   - Just a selfie (of himself). 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 - He just took a picture of himself.   - What is this? I like myself. So boring. Let's play a different game. Ah Ke! Slowly. - Can you all go home like this? Why not stay for the night?   - Every hero... - Forget it. It's too far.   - ...let's play rock, paper, scissors! We all have things to do tomorrow. It's okay! We'll be fine. - Hurry, this guy is so heavy. - Bye-bye! Slowly! Slow down. - Message me when you get home. - Got it. - Bye-bye!   - Hello, we are coming down. Gu Weiyi. Gu Weiyi? Go and sleep in your room. You're so heavy. Whatever, do as you please. Gu Weiyi? Gu Weiyi? Gu Weiyi? Gu Weiyi! Gu Weiyi! I... I'll just let you freeze to death! You pervert! Eat breakfast. Thanks. Last night... I troubled you, didn't I? What? Sorry, I shouldn't have done that without your permission. Actually... I already... l-liked you for a long time... Me too. What kind of dream was that? What does "Me too" mean? Eat breakfast. Thanks. Last night... I troubled you, didn't I? What? Sorry, I shouldn't have... made you clean up the mess yourself. I got rid of the balloons in the living room. What? What's wrong? Y-Y-You forgot? You don't remember anything else? Anything at all? Something else? Something... Something else like...? Nothing. I'm done eating. I'm running late. After doing these official test questions, you should be pretty much set. I've done so many of these. You always say the same thing. Then, how many times have you been in a relationship? Don't you end up repeating some phrases? - Wang Shan. - What? You speak so well. You haven't been in a relationship before, right? What's wrong with never being in a relationship before? Are you going to fine me? Usually, people who haven't been in a relationship before are the ones who repeat certain phrases. Then, if you're so experienced, show me an example. Fine, then. I'm afraid you won't be able to handle it. Who's afraid of who? Do you really think you're an expert in love? The dating trilogy includes: eating, shopping, and watching a movie together. I'll show you all of them. Wait and see. Let's go. After you. Lu Lu! Lu Lu! Wake up! Lu Lu! Wake up! I have an emergency. Help! What's wrong? You're pregnant? [Sorry, I really don't want to lose you.] [Sorry, I really don't want to lose a friend like you.] Why aren't you saying anything? It's kind of awkward. You look great. You should've done this earlier. Let's go. It's freezing today. I think the cold wave is here. I brought some warming tea, do you want some? You only brought some for Gu Weiyi? I brought it for everyone. Then, why are you only asking him? Mind your own business. Professor, do you want some? You, youngsters, are so weak. Look at me, the cold wave doesn't affect me whatsoever. Warming tea? I never drink that. Stop what you're doing, everyone. Drink some ginger tea. - No, I don't want it.  - Don't want it? I spent a lot of time making it and you say you don't want it? We're not allowed to eat or drink in the laboratories. - I'll drink it at home. - What do you mean go home to drink it? You're always doing experiments, going home late at night. If you have the time to nag me, you'd be finished with the tea already. Hurry up and drink it! Enough nonsense! You guys drink some, too. The weather is quite cold. Drink, drink. Even more? It's the third cup. This is ginger tea, not medicine. Look at you. Drink up. Little Gu, have some more. Why are you giving it to him? There's more. Enough. Drink up. The proposals you guys turned in have all been rejected. They removed the third creative department for the project. We don't even stand a chance against teams in our own company. How will we compete with the creative departments of other companies? Do you know what the director said? It's cliché and boring! He said only Mo Mo and Jie'er's was all right. But overall, their proposals were still unprofessional. Your people aren't even as competent as two interns? Sorry. All right. Our department has no project now. Take a break then. Sister Sasa, we just received an email. We have a project for a juice. You all decide what to do, I'm done. What's up with that? What do you mean we're not as competent as the interns? Right? I spent a lot time working on it. Enough chattering. We'll meet again for the fruit juice project. - I don't want to hear the word unprofessional again.  - Got it. Go back and prepare a proposal for this project. Other proposals were deemed cliché and boring, only ours were all right, yet they still yell at us? Do you need to buy anything? Let's just walk around. Since we're on a "date," it's okay to link arms. Right? There's a milk tea spot upfront. Let's go get some. Besides— You're the first person I've met who pays the bill. It's just two milk teas, I can afford to treat you. Let's go and play games! Come on! Ready? Who's scared of who? Come get me. I'm much faster than you. - You're falling behind now. - Just wait, I'll catch up real soon. You can't. I'm not called the King of Racing for nothing. What kind of car are you using? It's so fast! See? I caught up. You can't... Hey, that's cheating! Why are you so fast? Don't run! Let's play this. Can you catch one? Underestimating me. I'll get you one. I think I can beat the highest record. Don't just stand there. Help out, Mo Mo. You didn't beat it. It's okay. Let's try again. I suddenly remembered I have an online class tonight, sorry. We didn't eat a meal or watch a movie together. I'll take you next time, then. I'll tell you when I pick out a movie. Why are you two here? - We're–  - Did you go buy a birthday present for Mo Mo? I bought her a Doraemon humidifier. Thankfully our gifts are different. No, we got this from a claw machine. Her present is still on the way. Then I'll go up first. Bye-bye! I didn't think that much. - I thought all girls like–  - It's okay. It was just to experience a date. But... I hope you will remember. I don't like spicy foods, horror movies, or Doraemon. Mo Mo is the one who likes all of that, not me. Then I'll... go prepare for class now. Next time... can we finish the dating trilogy? Yes. Then I'll leave first. Then these... You gave them to me, they're mine now. I'll make you feel guilty by keeping them. - You're quite dark. - Bye-bye. If you want to send her a Wechat, then do it. If you want to see her, go ahead. Nothing's holding you back. [Working till late at the lab tonight, I won't be back to sleep] Pushing me aside after kissing me. Pervert. Thank you. Gu Weiyi, you're not sick, are you? Don't give it to me! Mask, let me find you a mask. Enough. Little Gu, how about we stop here tonight? This experiment isn't that urgent, why don't you take the day off? [It's best if you don't come back, I'll watch the new horror film alone.] I'd better not pass it on to anyone, I'll get going then. All right, go home. Your proposal was great. I wouldn't be able to write one that good. Fu Pei? Waiting for Situ Mo? I'm in a rush, I'm going home first. Are you two fighting? Let's go eat hot pot together. - Okay! - I'll pass. You two go, I'm going home. Let's go, my treat. I want to repay you for writing the proposal. - I don't want to go, really. I don't. - Let's go. - I'm not going, I'm seriously not going.   - Let's go. We're in front of the company. People might think we're fighting for a boyfriend. But we did once before. All into the spicy broth? Just you two eating then, what about me? Eat, then we can all go home after. To be honest, I don't care if you two get together. But I really want to know why you two are like this now. Fighting? Or did one of you cheat on the other? It's my problem. I... I'm sorry. Your problem? Then you must've cheated on her. None of the above. It's not what you think. We're just friends. That's good, as long as you still think of me as your friend. I think I should go to the restroom to give you two time to chat. Mo Mo, that day... I'm sorry. I really want to say it's okay, but I can't. I'm still very mad. So please don't appear in front of me for the time being. Also, I hope you don't treat Shan Shan the way you treat me. I'm leaving. See you never. Didn't you say you're not coming back tonight? Where did you go? You smell like hot pot. I went out to eat hot pot. - With who? - Fu Pei. Didn't you reject him? He suddenly appeared and my new coworker knows him. What's that have anything to do with me? You're waiting for the bus, too? Are you going back to the new campus? It's so cold. We're so unfortunate, it's fine that our house is so cold and there's no heater. But it should at least snow. On a cold day like this... I-I-I want to see it snow. I've never made a snowman in my life. I'm from the North. Then you must be able to withstand cold temperatures, right? I never had a heater. Why don't we eat hot pot tonight on a cold day like this? Didn't you just have some yesterday? I can still have some today! You have to eat hot pot on cold days like this. Lame. Little Gu, you're here? Gu Weiyi? You're amazing. You waited to come when we just finished calibrating everything. You're so smart. Then revert the settings. Gu Weiyi, here. Your senior took sick leave. Do her part for her. Okay. Professor Jiang, why are you making him do two, not me? Then you do it. You do it. Little Gu, you seem unhappy. Are you all right? I'm fine. - You sure? - Yeah. - Gu Weiyi.  - I said I'm fine! I wanted to ask you about the experiment record log. You're like this and you say you're okay? He said he's fine, stop asking. Do your work! Go on. Yeah, it's the person I mentioned before. I really don't want to live with them anymore. It's so annoying. They're so moody lately. It's hard to get along, you know? It's like we owe them money. Always giving an attitude. I figured they're in a bad mood so I wanted to treat them to dinner. But they told me I need to go on a diet. Seriously. I don't know, maybe they're in a relationship now. People in relationships are all crazy. So you're saying... the girl you like went to find her ex-boyfriend? Then the girl who pleaded for you wasn't your girlfriend? Don't interrupt! Don't interrupt! So you're afraid she'll go with him and you don't know what to do, so now you're really mad? Yes. That's easy. The problem is with the ex-boyfriend. Does he go here? Yes. - Beat him up. - No, no. Beating someone up is not okay. Right, you wouldn't stand a chance anyway. Then... how about having his counselor talk to him and they have a good chat? Professor Jiang, look at his expression! He doesn't even care! Am I wrong? Why is he doubting me? It's not like he's been in a relationship before. All right, that's enough. Let's do the experiment, enough of this nonsense. Go and do your work. Go on. Don't leave after we finish the experiment. I have something good for you. Back then, I used it to pursue my wife. What are you two talking about? Nothing, nothing. I just told him to clean up the lab afterward. [How to Woo a Beautiful Girl] [Xie Yuyin] I'm fine. Are you feeling better? It's okay. I'll wait for you to come back. Handsome! His hair is superb, so handsome! It looks like a pineapple. What did you say...? It looks like a pineapple. Yours looks like a toilet lid. So handsome. "I'll wait for your return." Complimenting a girl isn't limited to just talking about her makeup or clothing. It also includes other things. What's wrong? My stomach hurts. I put a heat patch on. I'll take you to the hospital. No need. Let's go. I said no. I'm on my period. Then... does it hurt a lot? It's fine. I can bear with it. You are strong. You fold clothes well, too. The surfaces are smooth and the folds are neat. Thanks. You're welcome. Guys often mistakenly think that girls are afraid of talking about "sex". When a lively girl is with the person she likes, if the guy talks about "sex" related topics simply and naturally, the girl will think you are an interesting person. A strange new creature started roaming about the East African grasslands. And it might have a serious purpose. Animal World? Do you know why the rusty patched bumblebee is going extinct? The what bumblebee is going extinct? Rusty patched bumblebee. Because they can't mate right now. Why can't they mate right now? They are currently infected with a parasite called nosema bombi. This parasite makes their bodies swell so much that they can't breed. The parasite swells in the soft tissue between the bee's organs, causing the bee's body to be oversized. The bee is then unable to bend its lower abdomen to mate with the queen bee. The queen bee can give birth to children alone but needs to be fertilized in order to do so. Can you explain using easily understood terms? Basically, the bee is too fat so it can't have sex. What's so funny? Nothing. I just think it's pretty interesting. Turns out, being fat can cause the extinction of the entire species. Yes, that's an accurate summary. Where did you learn all this weird stuff? The Atlantic Gazette. The what? I've never heard of it. A western magazine. Senior brought it to the lab. I'm sleeping. Don't forget to turn off the TV. What qualities must a guy have in order to be considered sexy to a girl? The answer may surprise you. The first thing is hair. Out of the girls I've interviewed, they all mentioned hairstyle first. Pay attention to your hairstyle.  This isn't something only actors should be wary of. Yours looks like a toilet lid. [To be continued, there are easter eggs...] Gu Weiyi, what did Professor Jiang tell you? Clean up the lab. Do you take me for a fool? You two can't trick me. How is it, Little Gu? Did you finish cleaning? Don't move! You two must've switched books, just like in the movies! Switch them back! Zhou Lei is always suspicious. He can't be helped. Go on. I just bought this. Professor Jiang, what did you tell him? To clean the lab. [How to Woo a Beautiful Lady] ♫ Love the corner of your lips, love your eyelashes ♫ ♫ Love the tips of your hair, love your taste ♫ ♫ The signal in your eyes, the little pride in your pout ♫ ♫ They are all your exclusive expression packs ♫ ♫ Love your intonation, love your coquettishness ♫ ♫ Love your smile, oh, love your hug ♫ ♫ You playing up to me like a kitty,my defence is all useless ♫ ♫ No one can replace this kind of feeling ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 