Put Your Head on My Shoulder: Season 1, Episode 9 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder 
 s1e9 - Episode #1.9 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder (2019): Season 1, Episode 9 - Episode #1.9 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ Happiness is nagging next to my ears ♫ ♫ My youth is smiling and showing its dimples ♫ ♫ Love is raindrops in the form of candy ♫ ♫ Raining down one by one ♫ ♫ The sunshine is swirling around in my eyes ♫ ♫ Warming up snippets of my memories ♫ ♫ There are so much that I can't bear to say ♫ ♫ They're held in my heart, radiating warmth ♫ ♫ Continuously reenacting the light breeze, the stars  and the moon ♫ ♫ covering the whole sky ♫ ♫ Our little times and long years ♫ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♫ Let’s talk about it slowly, no need to be in a rush ♫ ♫ The sky in the distance is so comfortably warm ♫ ♫ Just like the sunny and cloudless day when we first met ♫ ♫ Our little times are brimming with fragrance ♫ ♫ Growing up comfortably in the ruckus ♫ ♫ Recalling our happiness, all has been well since we  last parted ♫ ♫ It deserves to be kept forever, never forgotten ♫ [Put Your Head On My Shoulder] Surprise! Happy birthday! - It's falling, it's falling, it's falling! - Let me see, let me see! "Take a selfie with the person you like!" [Episode 9] Who is it? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Who would come knocking in the middle of the night? What are you doing? Don't open the door. I'll do it. If you're going to open the door, then open the door. Why are you holding a knife? Why should a girl open the door in the middle of the night? Who is it? I'm looking for Mo Mo. Fu Pei? Are you all right? Can you come out for a chat? I have something to say to you. Okay. Let's go. - Mo Mo. - Fu Pei, let go of me! - Mo Mo, give me another chance. - Let go of me, Fu Pei! - Let go of me! Fu Pei! - Give me another chance! What are you doing? Keep going, keep going. I'm retreating. Thanks. Why was Fu Pei looking for you? Are you this straightforward? So? Why was he looking for you? Gu Weiyi, I never thought that you would be so nosy. Auntie Huang told me to watch you. - Did she pay you? - She did. - What? - Rent. So what did you guys really do outside? Didn't you say you had something to say to me? I want to be with you. What? Let's date. Let's forget about it. We're incompatible. Why are we incompatible? Do you like Gu–? - Someone else? - No. I just don't like you anymore. To you, I'm just someone who is an option to you, who you can abandon anytime, is that right? Why did you constantly stay by my side in the beginning? Pretending as if you would never leave me. Did I beg you? I didn't, did I? To me, I never suddenly stopped liking you. When you said, that "we're not together" in front of Xu Jie'er, I told myself, "He's protecting me." When you let go of my hand on the bridge at school, I told myself, "He's just scared." "Anyone could be scared." Every time when you didn't appear when you promised me that you would, I told myself, "He's just having too much fun and forgot." When you told me, while smiling, to introduce a girlfriend to you, I had no way to persuade myself anymore. When I watched you run away from Gu Weiyi's house, flustered, I realized that I'm really pitiful. That day, I saw you and Wang Shan– I suddenly realized that I'm no longer upset. No, it's not that I wasn't upset. It's that I won't be upset because of you anymore. My sadness is because I realized... that I finally don't like you anymore. It's not sudden that I stopped liking you. It's because every time you ran away, you left me alone on the spot. Then? I'll go buy some medicine for you. - Mo Mo.  - Fu Pei, let go of me. - Fu Pei. Fu Pei, let go of me! - Mo Mo. Mo Mo, give me another chance. - Let go of me! Fu Pei! - Give me another chance! The last time. I won't ever do that again. Fu Pei, calm down. Fu Pei, let go of me first. Let go of me. I really don't like you anymore. Just... I got confessed to. Then? Then, we fought. I'm tired; I'm going to sleep. He hit you? No, I hit him. I hit him. - Really? - Really. - Really? - Really. Then, why did you hit him? Because I rejected him but he kept nagging. You rejected him. I'm going to sleep. Because I rejected him. [Wang Shan] Sorry, the subscriber you dialed... Fu Pei! Why didn't you pick up your phone? I've been looking for you for the whole night. Your CET grade 4 registration form, have you–? What happened to you? Come with me. It feels like I've been constantly applying medicine for you recently. I went and confessed to Mo Mo. I got rejected. I guessed it. Was this because she hit you? No. I got hit by my dad. Your dad? To put it this way, I've always gotten hit by him since I was young. This is nothing. Maybe I haven't been likable since I was young. Even Mo Mo doesn't like me now. What if I said, I like you? Can you give me a chance to stay by your side? I know you still like Mo Mo. I can wait. - Don't wait.  - Whether I wait or not is my decision. Wang Shan, even though I'm tall and strong, actually, I'm a coward. When anything awkward happens, the first thing I want to do is run away. Plus, I don't know how to reject others. So, other people think that I'm a player. Also, I don't know what to do about my feelings with Mo Mo. - I'm not good enough for you.  - Whether you're good enough or not is my decision, too. Fu Pei, I don't think that you're a coward, because you were the one who saved me at the food stall last time. I don't think you're a player, either. Because for a long time, I know you've only liked Mo Mo. As for Mo Mo... she doesn't like you anymore anyway. I think you– Also, the most important thing is, even though I'm not as tall and strong as you, I'm not short either. I'm good enough for you, more than enough. Did you really come to console me? How about this? Don't overthink what I've said today. I'll see you in the next few days. You won't be able to kick me away. Get up. Lina, explain the situation. This time, our partner, an insurance company, is coming from the USA headquarters to enter the Chinese markets. Their main concern is creativity. Then, everyone, tell us what your thoughts are. When facing our country's market, the central theme should be "family." [The department is rushing us for our thesis, have you organized your format yet?] All of the current advertisements in the market are family-centered. Comparing to that, there's no creativity. There are three to four of those ads on the way to work. Agreed. Lose the outdated ideas and bring in the new ones. Also, the people coming from the USA headquarters are going to put emphasis on new creativity.  [Wang Shan: Do you have the format? Forget it, I'll send it to your email. It's best if you come back today afternoon.] The Chinese market is approaching family-centrism. Do you guys have no new ideas? Mo Mo. Mo Mo! You can suggest something. You don't need to stand up to talk. Sorry. My thoughts are, whether we can surprise everyone. Starting from how any accidents have a chance of happening. For example, going to the museum to visit the fossil exhibition, there is a chance of getting hurt by a falling dinosaur bone. Or going from the perspective of parents' love, when something happens to you, your child will be left to roam the streets. Or from the perspectives of insurance profiters. After you buy insurance, you profit whether something happens to you or not. You have quite a lot of ideas. Okay, Lina. Make some arrangements. Hand in three plans by next Monday. Okay. Everyone, the meeting is over. Hello, Shan Shan? Why are you so rushed in getting me back to school? Today, the supervisor went into a fit. He said that our department has the least number of people that have handed in their theses. If you have time, hurry and come back to hand it in. I don't know if it will affect your graduation. Also, there's something I want to talk to you about. What is it? So mysterious. I'll tell you when you're back. All right, I'll see if I can take the afternoon off. I'm hanging up. - Sister Lina, your notebook. - Thanks. You and Jie'er can hand in a plan to me, together. Sister Lina! I want to take the afternoon off to hand in my thesis at school. Okay. But try to take fewer day-offs as possible. Both you and Jie'er are interns. She rarely takes day-offs. Okay. Thank you, Sister Lina. There are so many people. Oh right! You said you wanted to talk to me about something, what is it? I'll tell you later. All right. But there should be nothing with the formatting of my thesis, right? What you should be worried about is whether there's a problem with the content of your thesis. Are you going to die if you don't tease me? Are you not working today? I came back to print my thesis. What about you? Weren't you doing your experiments at the old school district? I came back for something. Right. This is my senior sister, Xie Yuyin. I know her. We've seen each other before, right? Is this your girlfriend? Girlfriend? How did you know? What do you mean by "how did you know"? If you say things out of the blue, other people can misunderstand easily. Misunderstand? How should I say this? Last time, when I asked you for directions, I lied to your advisor. I wanted to solve the situation about Gu Weiyi entering Professor Jiang's laboratory. So, you mean, the two of you aren't boyfriend and girlfriend? We're not. - It's your turn. It's your turn to print. - What? Oh, okay. Shan Shan. Thank you. How much was it? Over there, scan the code to pay. ¥0.50 per page. Let me do it. I'll pay for us. Thanks, Boss. - I've paid.  - Okay. - Gu– - Look. Something's wrong with the data here. Here. I've calculated it here. There should be no problems. If you say there's no problem, then it's good. Something's wrong with it, I can't use it. Press it gently. We're leaving first. Bye, Senior. Bye. - If there are no problems, then let's leave, too. - Okay. Isn't Zhou Lei the one doing the pack up for the experiments at the old school district? What's wrong? Nothing. What's wrong? You've lost your spirit. Nothing much. Okay, if it's nothing. But you, you said you had something you wanted to say. What is it? You keep stuttering around it. I've confessed to Fu Pei. So? What did he say? He said that he's bad at rejecting people, then he rejected me. But I won't give up. Are you angry? I'm not. What was that expression? I got scared. I'll tell you the truth. A few days ago, he confessed to me. It's nothing. I knew. You really knew? Okay. I'm innocent. Oh you! I don't know why, but I'm full of pity for you right now. This idiot, Fu Pei, who knows who's going to fall for him. Aren't you the same? You just got up from one trap and fell for another one. What does that mean? - I don't know what I meant.  - What do you mean? Tell me what you meant! What happened to you? I'm writing my thesis. Oh, my... Woah! How many days have you not washed your hair?! Since we came back from the seaside to now. Mo Mo, can you buy me food? Stop that. I'm an intern, I haven't even gotten a dollar. Even my rent is paid for by my mom. Gu Weiyi charges you rent? That's not right. I need to talk to him about it. How about this? Invite me to your house for dinner. I'll teach him a lesson for you. Why do you keep wanting to go to my place? To escape from school. No way. Not welcomed. I will definitely go to your house. Hello? Are you going home? I'm going home. You're going home so early? My mom is here. - Who? - My mom. She said she wants to treat you to dinner. I'm not hungry. Then I'll tell her for you. Don't, don't, don't! But why does she want to treat me to dinner? How do I know? I'll ask her for you. Don't, don't, don't. I'll go, I'll go. - Then, I'll wait for you downstairs. - Okay. What is it? What is it? Gu Weiyi's mom is here. She said she wants to treat me to dinner. Go eat dinner then. Why do you look like you're feeling hopeless about meeting your in-laws? Maybe I've already had a phobia of meeting elders. [Who invented the printer?] Why are you searching that up? - Let's go. - Are we really going? Otherwise, what? When is your mom coming? Soon. Is Auntie fierce? - About the same as your mom. - What? Then, should we go out and greet her? Do you want to roll out the red carpet for her? Never mind, I'll calm down. My mom is here. Auntie, hello. I'm Situ Mo. You're Wenjun's daughter, right? How pretty you are. - You're the same as your mom. - Thank you, Auntie. Mom. Why are you two standing? Go in and sit down. Quickly. Auntie, please. - Have you ordered? - Not yet. Waiter. We'll have a cold braised combo plate. - Do you eat seafood? - Yes. Okay. Then, let's have a Mantis Shrimp dish. Your favorite. Weren't you allergic? She forgot. - What is it? - I'm allergic to Mantis Shrimp. - You're not. - I am. - I remember when you were young... - You didn't have time to spend with me when I was young. Maybe I did forget. Seriously. Then, do you eat fish? Yes. Okay, let's have a fish. Thank you, Auntie. - How was the food? - It was really good. - That's good then. - See you next time. Sorry about calling you out for dinner suddenly. Actually, I'm really scared when I'm with him alone. Little Yi, we ate dinner so early today, how about we have some tea upstairs? I've already called a taxi for you. Then, can't we cancel that? Didn't you say that you can't sleep when you drink tea at night? Actually, I think it's okay. I think– The taxi is here. I've sent you the number plate. Tell me when you get home. Let's go. Auntie, goodbye. Take care. Is there something you want to say to me? It's not that I want to know about what happens in your family, but the way you interact with your mom... She was always busy when I was young. She didn't have time for me. Can you teach me? How did you manage to control your mom? I also want to, with my mom– You also know, that my mom nags a lot and also when she sees you, calling you "Little Gu" "Little Gu." Aren't you annoyed? Just now, you with your mom... Hello, Jie'er. Do you have any ideas for the plan that Sister Lina told us to hand in to her? No way... You want me to come up with a plan on Friday night? But we have to hand it in on Monday. Then you can start on it first. - I'll discuss it with you later. - But– That's all for now. Bye-bye. Are you ready? Have you put it into the cart? Yeah. I've put it in. You have to start right at midnight! I got it. There must be a lot of people who are fighting to buy it in school. The internet speed is going to be slow. Let's go out and rent a hotel room. Can you not suggest renting a hotel room that casually? Isn't it just buying things on sale? What do you mean by "Isn't it just buying things on sale?" Do you know how much time I've spent picking, comparing prices, and gathering coupons? If you don't know how much effort someone has put in, then don't say something like that! Okay, okay, okay. Don't worry, I'll get it for sure. I'll go to the internet café, okay? Oh right! It's double eleven. I was so busy that I forgot.  (T/N: Every year's November 11 is a crazy online shopping day) No way. How could you even forget that? What are you waiting for? Hurry and fill your cart. What am I going to do, buying so many things? They're going to be troublesome to take away when we graduate. I remembered just now. Isn't it Mo Mo's birthday in a few days? I would've forgotten if you didn't mention it. I can still make it in time to pick out her gift. Then I'll pick out something for her, too. It's Saturday today. It's not even noon and you got up. Don't mention it. Meng Lu called me early in the morning, saying that they are going to come over later. Don't worry, I've turned them down. Eat something. I bought some for you. I know, you definitely don't like crowds. It's so early. Who is it? I'll go open it. Surprise! Happy Birthday! Where's Mo Mo? Didn't we say we're going out to celebrate? Go. Why do we need to go out to celebrate? Ah Ke said they come here often to watch sports games and eat hot pot. Your roommates are coming, too. We can't. If we make a mess, he'll get mad. Come on, let's go! Come in. You don't know their ability to destroy. You'll regret this later. Take it as my birthday present to you. Xiao Pang, hurry up. Stop rushing me, I'm almost done! I can't even poop in peace. Fu Pei, you're really not going? It's Situ Mo's birthday. No. You guys go ahead. Xiao Pang! Rush, rush. Why are you rushing me? Hurry. We're leaving. [Happy birthday. Sorry] - I don't care. - It'll leave permanent marks on the wall. It'll be difficult to get rid of the marks. - I already bought them, we can't just waste them. - You can't. If it leaves a mark, who's responsible for it? This way, it will look good in photos. Well, it looks even better in photos on the floor. You're majoring in advertising, shouldn't you have an eye for art? - Can you not... - I'm going to help Niu Niu and Shan Shan. I don't care. I want these balloons on the wall. Don't worry. I will protect our walls with my life. Let me help you. Hurry up, please. Then, I'll start to rub it on your scalp. ♪ Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you ♪ ♪ Happy birthday to Mo Mo ♪ ♪ Happy birthday to you ♪ - Happy Birthday!   - Make a wish! Make a wish! Time to make a wish. I hope for world peace and that I can lose weight even when I'm idle. Keep dreaming. I hope for world peace, a copious amount of money, and to successfully lose weight. Wait, wait. Let's take a picture. Quick, quick, quick. Make my face smaller. - One, two, three.   - Cheese!   - Happy Birthday! I'm one year younger now! Cut the cake! Cut the cake! - I'm cutting it. Xiao Pang, for you.  - Thank you, Mo Mo. - What are you doing? That's mine. - I want the first piece. Thank you. Here. - Grab it yourself.   - Let's toast! Cheers! - Happy birthday, Mo Mo!   - Happy Birthday! My... My birthday presents. Where are they? Hand them over. Hurry up. - There's a cold wave! - Don't change the subject. Presents. It's shaking! It's shaking! Shake, shake, shake~ Third row, middle piece. You're helping her again? Yeah, you're helping her again. She has to use lipstick and draw on your face. I'm opening my eyes. Come closer. Look closely. - Who did it? - Him! Gu Weiyi did it. - Which one?   - Third row– Don't! You're not allowed to help her anymore. Exactly, no more helping. It's moving. It's moving! It fell! Let me see. [Please lock eyes with someone wearing the same color as you for 20 seconds] No one is wearing the same color. Gu Weiyi's top is yellow, but it's golden yellow. It's all the same. Lock eyes! Lock eyes! Mo Mo, one must honor a bet. Right. I already have the stopwatch prepared. Mo Mo, you're not shy, are you? W-What do you mean shy? Gu Weiyi, don't be shy! Who's scared of who? Let's do it! Come on. Start! 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9... Mo Mo! Looking into his soul? All right, all right. Let's continue. Your turn, hurry. It fell! Let me see! Use your cell phone's camera to take a selfie with the person you like. Who is it? [To be continued, there are easter eggs...] I'm going out. Let's go. ♫ Love the corner of your lips, love your eyelashes ♫ ♫ Love the tips of your hair, love your taste ♫ ♫ The signal in your eyes, the little pride in your pout ♫ ♫ They are all your exclusive expression packs ♫ ♫ Love your intonation, love your coquettishness ♫ ♫ Love your smile, oh, love your hug ♫ ♫ You playing up to me like a kitty,my defence is all useless ♫ ♫ No one can replace this kind of feeling ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 