Put Your Head on My Shoulder: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder 
 s1e4 - Episode #1.4 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder (2019): Season 1, Episode 4 - Episode #1.4 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ Happiness is nagging next to my ears ♫ ♫ My youth is smiling and showing its dimples ♫ ♫ Love is raindrops in the form of candy ♫ ♫ Raining down one by one ♫ ♫ The sunshine is swirling around in my eyes ♫ ♫ Warming up snippets of my memories ♫ ♫ There are so much that I can't bear to say ♫ ♫ They're held in my heart, radiating warmth ♫ ♫ Continuously reenacting the light breeze, the stars  and the moon ♫ ♫ covering the whole sky ♫ ♫ Our little times and long years ♫ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♫ Let’s talk about it slowly, no need to be in a rush ♫ ♫ The sky in the distance is so comfortably warm ♫ ♫ Just like the sunny and cloudless day when we first met ♫ ♫ Our little times are brimming with fragrance ♫ ♫ Growing up comfortably in the ruckus ♫ ♫ Recalling our happiness, all has been well since we  last parted ♫ ♫ It deserves to be kept forever, never forgotten ♫ [Put Your Head On My Shoulder] - What are you doing?   - You can't look at my girlfriend. Are you in a bad mood? I thought you were going to hit me. [Episode 4] Gu Weiyi. You're pressing on my IV drip tube. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 [05:38, September 8, Saturday] - Hello.   - Hello. What would you like to eat? A bowl of plain congee, a baked sesame-coated flatbread, two deep-fried breadsticks, a serving of sesame balls, and a bowl of savory tofu pudding. - Old Wang, see if the plain congee is done cooking.   - Okay. The others are done, it's just the congee that's still cooking. Do you want to swap it for soybean milk? Our soybean milk is not diluted with water, it's really concentrated. No need. Really, try it. My friend has gastroenteritis. She has to eat plain congee. Oh, that's the case. Okay then, sit here and wait for a moment. Why did you come here so early? She threw up last night. I'm worried that she's going to wake up hungry. Hey, you're so nice to your friend. Even my husband wasn't that nice when he was pursing after me. Right? When have you woken up at 6:00 a.m. to buy breakfast for me? I did! When I was pursuing you, I was always worried that you were going to be hungry. I always fed you food. Look at how you've become after eating all that! Say that again! Okay, I won't say anymore. Quickly and pack his order for him. Okay. Hello? Where are you? Hurry up and bring a pair of basketball shoes to Southern University of Technology. I'm competing this afternoon.  My shoes got wet last night. They're not dried after being hung up all night. The dorms won't let me use a hairdryer. Ask Ah Ke to bring it for you. I'm not at school. Both of them can't do it. Would I have asked you, otherwise? Then go back and get it yourself. I'm here for training. Otherwise, I wouldn't have stayed here all night. It won't take up much of your time. You wouldn't not help me, right? How about this? I'll pay for your taxi fee. - I'm at the hospital.   - What? What are you doing at the hospital? What happened to you? - Situ Mo is in the hospital.   - What? What are you staring at? The vitals monitor. Why are you looking at that? I want to turn it on. Do you have an internet addiction? Hurry up and eat. Plain congee. I... It's fine if I eat some, right? I threw up; my stomach is all empty. Look. - Are you Situ Mo?   - Yes. - How do you feel?   - Much better. You have gastroenteritis. You can't eat these. I–I'm eating plain congee. That's better. Doctor Liu is going to come for a bed check later. If he sees you, you'll definitely be scolded. - You can't eat these.   - Okay. Rest well. [Vitals Monitor] What are you doing? Move out of the way. I can't. Why? You can't look at my girlfriend. It seems like you're completely healed. My hair is so oily. Do you have a hair tie? Do you think I would have one? You've got a point. Wait a moment for me. I'm going to go through the discharge procedure. Okay. [Pharmacy] - Take this.   - Thank you. Don't have Chinese snail rice noodles anymore. That stuff is so dirty and you get stomachaches afterward. I got it. I'll treat you to some good food. I'm much better now. You always make people worry. Do you still feel sick? I'm fine. How'd you get here? You got here so quickly. I just came. Coming here was a small matter to me. Driver, can you fix it? I'm in a rush. I can't fix it right now. You are driving out of the zone. The power will be cut off. The vehicle will be unable to be returned. You are driving out of the zone. The power will be cut off. The vehicle will be unable to be returned. That's just a small matter to me. Let me take that. You helped me out again this time. But why did you come to the hospital with Mo Mo? - Right now, she's–   - He saw me on the way, so I begged him to come with me. [New Town Bei Lun Union Hospital] You don't need to hold on to me. I can walk by myself. Are you better? Walk slower. Doctor Liu! Where is your boyfriend? This is someone your boyfriend asked to come help, right? Boyfriend? Go back and rest well. Don't keep coming to the hospital every couple of days. Look at how nervous your boyfriend looked these past two visits. If you come again, something will happen to his brain. It's not like that, Doctor Liu. It's not like that. Oh, your boyfriend is coming. I'm leaving first then. Were you waiting for me? Let's go. Gu Weiyi, the doctor said you were Mo Mo's boyfriend just now. What was that all about? That doctor misunderstood. Is that how it is? Yeah. What else then? True. Mo Mo can't be Gu Weiyi's type. What type do I like? Madame Curie. No. [Southern University] - Here's the money.   - Thank you. Princess Mo Mo! Please exit the car. Enough. Stop acting. Understood, Your Highness. All right. Go back and play well at your competition. Call me if you need anything. I'm leaving. [Girls dorms] Hey, classmate. Let me help you. No need, no need. No need, even when it's so heavy? Don't worry. I'll take it for you until the dorms' entrance. Mo Mo doesn't live at our dorms anymore. Why do you keep hanging about our dorms? What? You didn't know? I knew. I just sent her back here. Thank you. I'm leaving. Bye. She doesn't live here...? Say, if you're going to drink tea, then drink it. Can you not slurp it? Don't you feel that that makes your empty office more lively? Enough from you. You made eight pounds of sunflower seed husks from one pound of sunflower seeds. Professor Jiang, Senior Sister is looking down on me. What's the matter? Teacher Wang. Professor Jiang. This is my experiment records. She took it upon herself to change my experiment records. Who gave her the rights? Professor Jiang, I'm your student, not her student. What rights does she have to change my experiment records? I went to talk to her just now. What did she say to me? She said to me, even Gu Weiyi could be modest and accept her advice, so why couldn't I? No, What does she mean by "even Gu Weiyi"? What am I lacking compared to him? I joined the group the right way, he's the one who went through the back door. Am I right? No, that's not right. You...! I marked it in red pen for you so that you could realize the mistakes you made in your experiment records. This is the help I give you as your senior. But since you won't take it, I gave you an example of the success of my offering of help, which is Gu Weiyi. Who knew you would react so poorly? You...! Professor Jiang, look! How could she–?! Look. Didn't Xie Yuyin mark out your mistakes for you? At the bottom, even the correct ones are marked. Old Wang, have a look. It really is wrong. Big mistake. Huge mistake! Where? What's wrong? I've calculated it multiple times. I wasn't able to tell either. Wrong. Exactly! What's wrong is that your writing is too ugly. Gu Weiyi. Professor Jiang, these are my experiment records. Let's not look at his experiment records. Okay, I'll take a look later. Oh right. Zhou Lei, I've taken a look at your experiment records. There are some problems with your calculation methods. I've marked all of them with a pencil for you. If you think there's a problem, you can erase it and then re-calculate it. Afterward, we can discuss it together. There's nothing else, then I'll get going. O-Okay. Hey! This writing looks nice. What is it? You're leaving? How long are you planning to stay when you go back this time? Probably around a week. This time, I'll come back when I'm done with Professor Jiang's experiment. Why don't you do it at the new campus? What was the point of moving here to the new campus? Some apparatuses weren't moved and are still at the old campus. I don't understand you guys who do research. Can I borrow your house keys? My keys are at your house. [Situ Mo] I have to pack up my things today and move out. [Situ Mo] [1 New WeChat Message] I'll move out today. Can you not tell anyone about me living at your house? [Situ Mo] Let me tell you. I was especially unlucky today. Forget about getting rejected at my interview, I found out that the girl that I like is still contacting her ex-boyfriend. The moment that he heard she was sick, he came running to see her. What does that have to do with him? Hello? Are you there? [Situ Mo] Her ex-boyfriend doesn't want to be together with her, but he's still hanging around her. But she fell straight for his tactics! What are girls thinking? Situ Mo, remember to bring the report that was given to you, tomorrow. - Okay.  - Come to Ao Li Advertisement Company with me tomorrow. [Accounting people at Pu Hua] What is it? Don't scare me, you guys. [Kang Lin]   [Incoming Call from Gu Weiyi] Hello? Gu Weiyi! Why didn't you reply to my messages? I put my phone on silent. Don't you want to go home, but don't have your keys? Let's go back together. Should we take a taxi or the bus? It doesn't matter. Gu Weiyi! Gu Weiyi! What now? You didn't zip your luggage up properly. Thanks. Let's go. That's your girlfriend, isn't it? No. Let's go. Go where? Just drive around. Thank you. No problem. Young man, in this field, we meet a lot of people. Don't be too upset. Looking at you, you've never been married, right? Believe me, there was once when I was driving a female passenger, she said she was going to beat up her husband and the cheater. She told me to wait for her downstairs, and that she was going to leave right after she beat them. But unexpectedly, her husband rented out a house and said that it was to put plastic dolls in. What was it called again...? Right, they're called action figurines. The couple argued the whole way back. She jumped to conclusions before thinking through anything clearly. It became a joke. Driver, do a u-turn. Why are you looking at me? I'm not. I... I'm looking at the magnets on the fridge behind you. Such cute fridge magnets. They're wasted on you. - Take them down.   - What? You don't need to waste it on me. Are you in a bad mood? No. I washed your bed sheet for you yesterday, but it rained so I couldn't hang it up. I'll hang it for you now. Change it after it dries. Leave after it dries. I don't know how to change it. - Then, I'll change it for you when I have time, okay?   - No. Are you purposely trying to cause trouble? If you don't come back to change it, doesn't that mean I can never sleep? Fine. Insane. I really want to beat him up. Something's wrong with him. Come over here. Hold this. Why did you put your hands up as if you were about to box? I thought you were going to hit me. I won't hit you. Go down and get the bedsheet. You try and see if you can reach it. Give it to me. Here. Hold it higher and see if you can reach it. A bit higher, a little more. Flick it upwards. Flick it upwards. Why did you jump? Didn't you tell me to jump?   (T/N: "flick upwards" and "jump" are both "tiao," but with different intonations) I told you to flick it up and fling it outwards so I can catch it. Try it. Flick it up. Why did you jump again? I'm not tall enough. I'm 187cm. Really? I really am. Okay, okay, you are. But please, could this 187cm tall man flick up the bedsheet and fling it down? Jump, jump. You nearly got it. Hang in there. Jump! Why are there no fruits? This basket is weird. Green. Fu Pei, this was a misunderstanding. I'll bring some fruits for you guys next time. What fruits do you want to eat? Watermelon. Watermelon is good. How about watermelon? Summer is the best time to eat watermelon. Does it look good on me? How fashionable. Not bad. This hat isn't bad.   (T/N: "Wearing a green hat" means a husband with an unfaithful wife) It's dirty. You guys talk. I'm going out for a moment. Sit, sit, sit. Where are you going? Isn't this your house? I got it. I'm disturbing your couple-time. I'll leave in a bit, okay? It's not like what you think. You misunderstood. What did I misunderstand? What is there to misunderstand? Could it be that you two weren't living together? Gu Weiyi, are you okay? A green bed sheet. This color isn't suitable for you. It's suitable for me. Look at this. Does it look good? And with this hat to match... Does it look good? Green Lantern. Not too big, not too small. It's perfect for two people. Fu Pei! Gu Weiyi is shy. What is there to be shy about? You're already living together, don't hide it anymore. Right? Besides, look at our Mo Mo. She's so good. It's also good to settle down early. Mo Mo, I need to talk to you about that. What's our relationship? You even hid it from me. Is this something a friend should do? What is our relationship? What should friends do? As your good friend, I should tell you. Situ Mo, Gu Weiyi is really suitable for you. I hope you two are happy. All right. I won't disturb you two anymore. I nearly forgot that I had a basketball this afternoon. I'm leaving. Gu Weiyi. Mo Mo. I'm leaving. Situ Mo. It's indeed a bit strange that there are no fruits in this fruit bowl. I'll go buy some fruits. - Situ Mo.   - I'm asking you! What kind of fruits do you like to eat? Watermelon. Watermelon? I also like to eat watermelon. I'll go wash the bedsheets. - Situ Mo!   - It's dirty again. Let me see. Does it hurt? It hurts. You can cry if it hurts. It's all right. It really hurts but I don't want to cry. I'll go buy you a band-aid. Young man, this is the last stop. [Sporting Arena] Fu Pei, what are you coming here for? Are you going to clean the sporting arena for the cleaning lady? I'm sorry, Coach. I don't even want to talk to you. You think about it yourself. You're back? How come you also bought watermelon? I saw the fruit bowl was empty so I bought a watermelon. Didn't you say to buy a watermelon? Thank you. Does your hand still hurt? It doesn't hurt anymore. You and Fu Pei... What did you say? I think you're half is sweeter. I'm hungry. Can someone with gastroenteritis eat watermelon? I can. Suit yourself. Do you actually like to eat watermelon? I like it. It doesn't look like it. How about now? I... like it more than you. Hello? Did you finish the report? I finished it. Bring it to the company right now. Okay! [To be continued, there are easter eggs...] Which one do you think looks better? These? They all look good. Because my darling is so pretty, whichever one you use will be pretty, right? Let's use this one then. This one is too small. I just know this one will be too small. The bigger one will look better. The pink one suits you the most. This one? Let's put it away first. I'll tie your hair up for you. The prettiest... Hello. What's wrong? May I have a hair tie? Okay. These are mine. Darling, you have so many hair ties, give one to big brother. Okay? I don't want to. I'm sorry. I spoiled her too much, this child. ¥10 for one. ¥20. It's a deal. ♫ Love the corner of your lips, love your eyelashes ♫ ♫ Love the tips of your hair, love your taste ♫ ♫ The signal in your eyes, the little pride in your pout ♫ ♫ They are all your exclusive expression packs ♫ ♫ Love your intonation, love your coquettishness ♫ ♫ Love your smile, oh, love your hug ♫ ♫ You playing up to me like a kitty, my defence is all useless ♫ ♫ No one can replace this kind of feeling ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two servings of happiness ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two servings of happiness ♫ 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 