Put Your Head on My Shoulder: Season 1, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder 
 s1e11 - Episode #1.11 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder (2019): Season 1, Episode 11 - Episode #1.11 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ Happiness is nagging next to my ears ♫ ♫ My youth is smiling and showing its dimples ♫ ♫ Love is raindrops in the form of candy ♫ ♫ Raining down one by one ♫ ♫ The sunshine is swirling around in my eyes ♫ ♫ Warming up snippets of my memories ♫ ♫ There are so much that I can't bear to say ♫ ♫ They're held in my heart, radiating warmth ♫ ♫ Continuously reenacting the light breeze, the stars  and the moon ♫ ♫ covering the whole sky ♫ ♫ Our little times and long years ♫ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♫ Let’s talk about it slowly, no need to be in a rush ♫ ♫ The sky in the distance is so comfortably warm ♫ ♫ Just like the sunny and cloudless day when we first met ♫ ♫ Our little times are brimming with fragrance ♫ ♫ Growing up comfortably in the ruckus ♫ ♫ Recalling our happiness, all has been well since we  last parted ♫ ♫ It deserves to be kept forever, never forgotten ♫ [Put Your Head On My Shoulder] Situ Mo, this is for you. [Episode 11] Come in. - Professor, were you looking for me? - Little Gu. Sit. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Here. Try my tea, it's new. Thank you. Let me ask you. Did the book I gave you work? I tried the most logical and least logical chapters. I don't see much results from either at the moment. How can that be? Professor Jiang, I knew it! You're helping him! I was wondering why he does well in everything. Lab work, calculations: he's better than me at everything! Zhou Lei, it's not what you think. Professor Jiang, I already caught you red-handed and you're still denying it? No, wait. Listen to me. Listen to me, okay? - Here, come sit down and listen.  - Fine. - Sit.   - Go ahead. Please continue. It's actually not anything big. I just gave him a book on how to pursue a girl. I was afraid you'd overthink things, so I didn't tell you. Professor Jiang, you might as well just say that you two are having a casual chat. It would've been more believable. Give it to him. Let him have a look. Show him the book. - I forgot to bring it.   - You see? That's what they always say. Then tell me what I should do to make you believe us. How about this? Give me the same book you gave him. That's impossible. That book was out of print a long time ago, that's why I secretly gave it to him. He's in dire need of assistance. Wait, hold on. I just remembered. My wife has one of the books that's part of the series. I'll ask her to bring it. Really? Really. They're basically the same thing. [How to Win a Handsome Man's Heart] What's so urgent that I had to bring a book for you? Why are you all standing? Sit down. Sit. Quickly, sit. Little Gu, you're an adult now. You're still troubled by love? You need your professor's ridiculous tips? What do you mean "ridiculous?" I even gave him my copy that I kept hidden for so many years. You scientists... You're great with science but with finding a partner... no hope. No hope? Then, I... Then, how did I marry you? Exactly. I had a girlfriend before. What? I'm serious. We used to do our homework together every day. I did all of her math homework for her. Sure, sure. Let's just say you had a girlfriend. Then let me ask you. What will you do when you find someone you like? - I know this. - Say it. - Go after her.  - Smart. How do you pursue her? Finally, a good question. Know yourself and the enemy, and you will never fail. First, you need to know what the girl likes. Then, you can follow her interests. My fellow scientists, think carefully about how you would get the girl to know that you like her. Confess your love. Not bad, Little Zhou. You have some talent in you. How would you confess? Tell her, "I love you." Why are you youngsters these days so hasty? Do you know how Professor Jiang confessed to me? We're talking about them. Why bring that up? Your Professor Jiang, wrote me a love poem every day. "The autumn wind blows, the wisteria flies." It seems like I have met you again.  When I saw it, my heart completely melted. It's been so long, why mention it? I don't think girls these days would like that. What do you know? Have you successfully gotten married? Do you have a girlfriend? Are you a girl? See? I'm the expert. I understand now. I can't chat any longer. I need to head to work. Oh, right. Go back and think carefully about everything I've told you guys. Next time, I'll give you guys a lesson on romance. Little Zhou, I'll give you that book. Then, you'll stop saying Professor Jiang is biased. Mrs. Jiang, I don't want the book anymore. Please take it back.  (T/N: he calls her 'Shi Niang' which means wife of master/teacher) I'm letting you keep it. Keep it! Just keep it, keep it. [You're like Schrödinger's cat...] [Simple cat drawing] [You're like Schrödinger's cat...] I think you wrote it well; very sincere and easy to understand. Have a look. I hate to admit it. But I have to say, you are better at literature than I am. You even did a drawing. I think girls would definitely like it. Student Gu Weiyi, are you ready? I am ready. I wish you good luck in your confession. Good luck, Brother! Power outage notice? Please understand. I won't "understand." Making me climb the stairs during this special time. Why is the power still out? I'm freezing. - Hello?  - Hello. Can you buy me some heat patches when you come back? There's a power outage at home. It's so cold. I'm downstairs, come down. Even though it's colder indoors, I don't want to go out. It's snowing. It's snowing? It's snowing! Situ Mo. This is for you. [You're like Schrödinger's cat...] Why are you giving me this? What? Why did you give me your class notes? Don't you get it? Are you trying to show off how hard the content you're learning is? No, think about it. Schrödinger's Equation is a law that describes microparticles' behavior. What microparticles? I don't get it. On such a cold day, we should be having roasted chestnuts. I really want to eat some. Let's go and buy roasted chestnuts to eat! Let's go! Boss, how much longer? It will be done soon. Three minutes. I didn't think that I would be able to see snow again in South City in my lifetime. That year when I saw snow for the first time, it was when I went to kindergarten. It's unfortunate, that the snow melts when it touches the ground. I want to try making a snowman. Gu Weiyi, you're from the North, you must have made a snowman before. Right? I have. I've never seen a real snowman. Oh. It would be great if I had a chance to see a real snowman. - Boss, business must be great on a snowy day. Right? - Yes. These chestnuts are great to eat on such a cold day. Okay, I'll pack them up for you. Don't pack too many! I can't finish them. How can you not finish them? You're wearing such thin clothes, take some more. It's nice to hold them and warm your hands. - Thank you. - You're welcome. No need, I'm not cold. Exactly ¥20. Hold it. - Here. - Okay. Exact amount. - Here. - Wait. Thank you. It's so cold, it's so cold. What is that? When did you buy these? How brilliant! When I left this morning, I bought them when I saw the notice for the power outage. I forgot to tell you. Warm packs have a Doraemon version, too? I've never seen these. I don't know. I just bought it on the way. You like Doraemon, too. Right? You drew Doraemon all over your notebooks. Hurry and light the candles. Gu Weiyi, was your confession a success? No. Why? Why? She didn't understand. [Professor Jiang] Gu Weiyi, how come she doesn't understand? Wasn't it quite easy? Exactly. Schrödinger's Equation represents microparticles. Microparticles constitute everything. You've said it. She constitutes your everything. And also, multiply that by time equals a complete wave function. Doesn't that mean that the time she spends with you is even more complete? It's so easy and so romantic, what doesn't she get? - Did she do it on purpose? - Why are the two of you together? We're doing an experiment. I'm not like you. Little Gu, what's her major? Little Gu, what's her major? - Accounting. - How about you giving her a math version? I'm telling you. She'll definitely understand if it's math. Situ Mo, have you learned advanced math in your course? Yeah. - What? - Solve it. Is there something you're trying to say to me today? What? Why do you keep trying to insult my IQ? Stop annoying me with your scientist stuff. Did she solve it? I didn't expect you to be so romantic. If I were a girl, I would definitely have said "yes." She didn't solve it. She even got angry. Then I think she doesn't even like you. Forget it. Don't listen to Zhou Lei's gibberish. This one is still too indirect. You have to learn from me, you should lower your standards to match hers. Use what I used to confess to my wife, "The autumn wind blows, the wisteria flies. It seems like I have met you again." Use something like this; more straightforward. Situ Mo. What? What do you think about "The autumn wind blows, the wisteria flies. - It seems like I have met you again." How is that? - What? "The autumn wind blows, the wisteria flies. It seems like I have met you again." I've only heard, "The autumn wind blows, the crab leg is fat. Add some chili, it tastes even better." Forget it. I'm going to sleep. You got angry before I got angry. Hooligan. Then I think she doesn't even like you. Forget it. ♫ The difficult questions in the book are not problems ♫ ♫ Puzzles can find the principles ♫ ♫ I thought I had the perfect logic ♫ ♫ But I found out this life problem has no solution ♫ ♫ Just like this, you barged into my heart ♫ ♫ With a little bit of sweetness and childishness ♫ ♫ Nothing can compare to your smile ♫ ♫ That gives me all my courage ♫ ♫ Put your hand on my arm or shoulder ♫ ♫ We hold hands and walk through every season ♫ ♫ The feeling of our heartbeat is written in our youth ♫ ♫ The story with you is so rapturous ♫ ♫ It will never wither and fade ♫ ♫ Put your hand on my arm or shoulder ♫ ♫ We hold hands and walk through every season ♫ ♫ The feeling of our heartbeat is written in our youth ♫ ♫ The story with you is so rapturous ♫ ♫ It will never wither and fade ♫ Gu Weiyi! How did it go yesterday? Why did you suddenly stop talking? Was it successful? How was it, Little Gu? Did you use the straightforward method that I told you about? I did. "The Autumn wind blows." She said, "The crab leg is fat." "The crab leg is fat"? That can't be right. She couldn't be acting dumb, right? I'm telling you, Professor Jiang, that girl doesn't even like him. That can't be right. Professor. You're here. How are you? Is your cold better? - It's nearly gone. - That's good then. If it's only nearly gone, that means you're not completely better. I'm telling you, stay away from me. Don't infect me. Who wants to get close to you? Seriously. You come to the laboratory even when you have a cold. Aren't you going to infect everyone? You don't consider other people's feelings at all. Don't worry. A human's cold won't be able to pass on to you. Xie Yuyin! You argue bright and early in the morning. Are you going to do work? Hurry and do it. What happened to you? Aren't you in charge of this week's work mailbox? I checked. I forwarded it to Sister Sasa. She didn't look at it. What can I do? Then, why didn't you give a copy to Sister Lina? I didn't think that Sister Sasa wouldn't look at it. Forget it. We got told off anyway. There's no point dwelling on it. I'll take charge of the work mailbox from now on then. Okay, I'll be careful in the future. I'm hungry. Let's go and eat. Mine hasn't been proofread. I know. Let's go and eat first. Okay! - I want to have hot pot. - There's not enough time. Who did you learn your cold way of speaking from? Roommate. Which roommate? It's about time. Everyone, take a rest. Continue after lunch. Okay. Are we going to first cafeteria or second cafeteria? Second cafeteria. They have rice in a clay pot. I love rice in a clay pot. What about you, Gu Weiyi? You guys can go. I'm not going. - What happened to you? - Nothing. Do you have a fever? So hot. He has a fever! He has a fever! He has a fever! Oh, my! I'll go to the hospital with you. No need. I'm fine. No way. You have to go to the hospital. I'm going to second cafeteria first. Otherwise, they're going to run out of rice in a clay pot. I'll be fine if I take a break at noon. Gu Weiyi. Gu Weiyi. Gu Weiyi, Gu Weiyi. Gu Weiyi, hurry and wake up. Eat your meals. Don't you get low blood sugar if you don't eat? Here. Here, here. We can't eat in the laboratory. I–I don't care if you eat it or not. I've bought it for you anyway. Hurry and eat it. Y-Y-You, don't move. I've already taken the day off for you. Hurry and go home after you eat. I said... I've already taken the day off for you. Hurry and go home after you eat! It's not that serious. I'm going to send Senior back as well. You guys and all of your sicknesses. - I– - Don't move, don't move. Stay away from me. - Are you feeling better? - I'm much better. I've brought some fever medicine for you. Thanks. Oh, I saw Zhou Lei just then. In his anti-radiation outfit? He's a person with a sharp tongue but a soft heart. There was only this one serving of rice in a clay pot and he gave it to you. He even took a day off for me, telling me to hurry home. He took a day off for me, too. Hey! Shoot, shoot! Hurry. Why did you push me? Sorry, bro. He hasn't been in a good mood these days. It's nothing, it's nothing. Calm down! Wang Shan is watching. Don't scare her. Didn't you see him hit my hand?! Isn't it quite normal for your hand to get hit in basketball? Didn't you get back up while laughing when you got pushed when you were trying to shoot in the past? I was timid before, okay?! You're not timid now? You have to get rid of your violence. What's wrong? He has been playing like this for the past two days. I don't know who angered him. He doesn't tell me when I ask. You should have a good talk with him. Right, go on your date then. - Hu Zi, go on. - Okay. Don't be mad. Let's go. Sister Lina, we're buying so much orang juice because...? This is my personal work habit. Whenever I get an advertisement job, I compare with other companies. Although there is not much use, it can inspire me. Then, are we going to bring them back for everyone to try? - Isn't your home nearby?   - It is. All right, then take back the information and the orange juice. After you analyze them, make a report. So you can make good use of your time. Am I going to try them all on my own? Is there a problem? No. - Pay then. - Okay. Oh, my... I– Did I leave my keys at the company? - Hello.   - What happened to your voice? I have a fever. How come? Have you taken medicine or been to the doctor? Where are you? I haven't been to the doctor or taken any medicine. I'm at home. Is there medicine at home? No. - Then wait for me. I'm going to come back immediately. - Okay. Why are you here? While doing experiments in the afternoon, Zhou Lei kept trying to kick me out. I saw that you haven't filled in your experiment report, so I brought them to you. I came to visit you as well. How did you know my address? Zhou Lei told me. What's wrong? Am I not welcomed? Come in. - Should I change my shoes?  - No need. Sit down first. I'll pour you some water. I'll do it. Aren't you sick? Sit down. I'll open the door for you. So heavy, so heavy! I– - Drink some water. - Thanks. Take some medicine. Have some water first. Haven't I already given you some medicine in the morning? There won't be problems if you have some more, right? I forgot to bring them back. Then, quickly take some medicine. Leave them there for now. Gu Weiyi, take the medicine. So, are the two of you living together because of your parents? My mom and his mom were classmates. That's quite a coincidence. - I'm done. - So quickly? It's time for me to go back. I'll walk you out. Gu Weiyi, I didn't spread the illness to you this time, did I? If it was, then it would be better for you to visit the hospital because my symptoms were quite serious. There's no need to go to the hospital. - I'm leaving then. - Bye-bye. Be careful on your way back. Goodbye. Why did you buy so much orange juice? For testing. I'll take them. Don't you have to rest? Where do I put them? Put them in the fridge. Put them in. That's weird. Open the door for me. Open it yourself. - What's wrong? - Put them in the freezer. - How do I drink it frozen? - There's no space in the fridge. What is this? Sticks? I don't know. I'm going to sleep. Sticks, gogi berries, leaves. What is this? Did I buy them? I can't remember. [Situ Mo] Hello, Mo Mo? Hello, Shan Shan. What should I cook for someone with a fever? Plain congee or something similar. Who has a fever? Gu Weiyi. Okay. This is how my family cooks it. Wash the rice first, then let the rice sit with some oil and salt. Then boil the water. When you put the water on the stove, add tangerine peel while the water is cold. Add the rice after the water boils. When the water boils again, change it to low or medium heat. Make sure the rice doesn't stick to the pot. When it's nearly done, take out the tangerine peel. I think I should just let him starve to death. Since it doesn't matter if he doesn't have this bowl of congee or not. It just sounds complicated. It's easy when you do it. How about you come over to help me? - Okay. - I'll wait for you. Stop pretending to sleep. Gu Weiyi is sick. What does that have to do with me? You're not going to visit him? You don't want to go to his house? Mo Mo doesn't want to see me. I went to see her a few days ago. She said that she doesn't want to see me ever again. Is that why you got angry and hit someone on the courts? Have the two of you talked about it properly? She doesn't give me the chance to say anything. Okay. I'll take you there. [To be continued, there are easter eggs...] What qualities must a guy have in order to be considered sexy to a girl? The answer may surprise you. The first thing is hair. All of the girls I've interviewed mentioned hairstyle first. Pay attention to your hairstyle. This isn't something only actors should be wary of. Yours looks like a toilet lid. Handsome young man, what kind of hairstyle do you want? This? This doesn't quite suit you. I want the exact same thing. You need to curl it then. - Curl? - Yeah. Using direct current or alternating current? Alternating current, of course. How are you going to curl it if we're not using alternating current? It really doesn't suit you. It'll be fine. All right! Thanks, Boss. I'll redo it for you. Okay? No need. I'll redo it. If you walk out like this, I'm not ever going to get business again. My reputation wouldn't be good anymore, right? Leave it like this. It's fine. No, come on, young man. Let's redo it. No charge. Here. Quick. It'll be quick. I'll redo a completely new one for you. ♫ Love the corner of your lips, love your eyelashes ♫ ♫ Love the tips of your hair, love your taste ♫ ♫ The signal in your eyes, the little pride in your pout ♫ ♫ They are all your exclusive expression packs ♫ ♫ Love your intonation, love your coquettishness ♫ ♫ Love your smile, oh, love your hug ♫ ♫ You playing up to me like a kitty,my defence is all useless ♫ ♫ No one can replace this kind of feeling ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two servings of happiness ♫ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 