Put Your Head on My Shoulder: Season 1, Episode 12 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder 
 s1e12 - Episode #1.12 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Put Your Head on My Shoulder (2019): Season 1, Episode 12 - Episode #1.12 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 ♫ Happiness is nagging next to my ears ♫ ♫ My youth is smiling and showing its dimples ♫ ♫ Love is raindrops in the form of candy ♫ ♫ Raining down one by one ♫ ♫ The sunshine is swirling around in my eyes ♫ ♫ Warming up snippets of my memories ♫ ♫ There are so much that I can't bear to say ♫ ♫ They're held in my heart, radiating warmth ♫ ♫ Continuously reenacting the light breeze, the stars  and the moon ♫ ♫ covering the whole sky ♫ ♫ Our little times and long years ♫ 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 ♫ Let’s talk about it slowly, no need to be in a rush ♫ ♫ The sky in the distance is so comfortably warm ♫ ♫ Just like the sunny and cloudless day when we first met ♫ ♫ Our little times are brimming with fragrance ♫ ♫ Growing up comfortably in the ruckus ♫ ♫ Recalling our happiness, all has been well since we  last parted ♫ ♫ It deserves to be kept forever, never forgotten ♫ [Put Your Head On My Shoulder] - Situ Mo. - What is it? When you bring friends home next time, I hope you can tell me beforehand. Okay. [Episode 12] Hello, Mo Mo? Hello, Shan Shan. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What should I cook for someone with a fever? Plain congee or something similar. Who has a fever? Gu Weiyi. Okay. This is how my family cooks it. Wash the rice first, then let the rice sit with some oil and salt. When you put the water on the stove, add tangerine peel while the water is cold. Add the rice after the water boils. When the water boils again, change it to low or medium heat. Make sure the rice doesn't stick to the pot. When it's nearly done, take out the tangerine peel. I think I should just let him starve to death. It doesn't matter if he doesn't have this bowl of congee or not anyways. it just sounds complicated. It's easy when you do it. Why don't you come over and help me? Okay. Then, I'll wait for you. Stop pretending to sleep. Gu Weiyi is sick. What does that have to do with me? You're not going to visit him? You don't want to go to his house? Mo Mo wouldn't want to see me. I went to see her a few days ago. She said that she doesn't want to see me ever again. Is that why you got angry and hit someone at the courts? Have the two of you talked about it properly? She doesn't give me the chance to say anything. Okay. I'll take you there. Are you asleep? No. Didn't you say you wanted water? Check your temperature. Where are you going? Watch the time on the thermometer for me. Ten minutes. I know. How many degrees? We have to go to the hospital. Not going. You have a high fever. I've already taken the medicine. No way! You have to go to the hospital. I don't want to go. I'm definitely not going. Gu Weiyi. Gu Weiyi! Why did you bring him? I need a helper. Have you bought the tangerine peel? Didn't you say that you would buy it and bring it? Oh, right, right. I'll go buy it now. Shan Shan, don't do such meaningless things. Then, the two of you can go. I'll stay here and wash the rice first. No need. I'll go and buy it on my own. Hurry and go. Hello, Auntie Xu. Situ, hello. I don't know if I've disturbed you. No! No! That's good then. It's because of this, our Little Yi gets colds and fevers easily when the weather changes. I don't know how he has been recently. Gu Weiyi has a fever, but he doesn't want to go to the hospital. What? He– How many degrees? Is it high? 38.3ºC. About 38ºC. That's fine then. He usually gets up to 39ºC. Just give him some medicine and let him sleep. Can you persuade him to go to the hospital with me? Our Little Yi is scared of getting shots. Scared of getting shots? That's why he has never been willing to go to the hospital. It would be better for him to get checked up at the hospital, wouldn't it? Forget it. I won't persuade him. You don't know how scary Little Yi is when he gets angry. Don't make him mad, okay? Okay, Auntie. Don't worry. - I'll leave it to you then. - Okay. Bye-bye. What's scary about Gu Weiyi getting angry? Doesn't he just have a cold attitude? Yeah. What kind of temper could Gu Weiyi have? Gu Weiyi is scared of getting shots? How did he get vaccinations in the past? Do you still remember when we got vaccinated in high school, a chubby person was in front of you and he fell on you when he fainted? I remember that the person standing in front of me was you. You jumped away when he fainted. That's why he fell on me. I think so. But I also helped him get up. As if. You were laughing so much you couldn't stand up straight. Really? Fu Pei, I really don't like you anymore. I know. You know your own limitations then. How could I not? It's as if you saw a ghost when you see me. I'm happier when I see a ghost than when I see you. Situ Mo, do you think we can still be like how we used to be? Why do you always want to go back to the past? Did we have any good memories of the past? Fu Pei, do you like Wang Shan? I don't know either. So many people die, why aren't you one of them? Why did you come out? Has your fever gone down? Where is Fu Pei? He left. Where's Shan Shan? She left. She left just like that? I wanted to talk to her. About what? Nothing. I bought some tangerine peel for you. I'll cook some congee for you. No need. You should eat something after taking your medicine. - Situ Mo. - What is it? When you bring friends home next time, I hope you can tell me beforehand. Okay. Are you awake? Do you need something? I-I just wanted to ask if your fever has gone down. It has. Then, take your temperature again. No need. I made some plain congee. Do you want to come out to try some? Or should I bring some for you? Thanks. How does it taste? It's fine. Thanks. Are you going to the laboratory today? No. I don't need to go to work today, either. What do you want to have for lunch? Let's buy the ingredients and make it. No need. I'll order takeaway. "It's fine." "Thanks." "No need. I'll order takeaway." Go and tell your senior to come and take care of you then. All exam takers please enter in the order according to your exam ID to avoid mistakes. All exam takers please enter in the order according to your exam ID to avoid mistakes. Fu Pei, do you like Wang Shan? [University CET Grade 4 Exam Venue] Fu Pei! Why are you here? I was worried someone was going to waste my efforts. I taught you so seriously. If you didn't take the exam, then you should be sorry to me. - Wang Shan, I– - Your exam venue is 062. Go straight and turn around the corner. I've already looked it up for you. Everything that you need is in this bag. I have something to tell you after the exam. All exam takers, please enter the venue quickly! Go ahead. Be careful and check a few more times. Don't rush to hand in your paper early. I'll wait for you outside. You're just like my mom. Go. Fu Pei! Good luck! Crazy. Be careful and check a few more times. Don't rush to hand in your paper early. I'll wait for you outside. Did he really order takeaway? Senior. Our laboratory told me to come and visit Gu Weiyi. I brought his parcel with me as well. Okay. Please come in. Wait a moment. Gu Weiyi, Senior is here for you. Why are you here? Your parcel got sent to the laboratory. Zhou Lei told me to see how you were doing. He said he'll think about letting you back into the laboratory. How are you? Are you feeling better today? I'm fine. I'll clean up the table. I'll help you. Thank you, Senior. Are you doing some kind of experiment? The company got an advertisement job for an orange juice company. They told me to look at other companies' products. I didn't bother you by coming here now, did I? No, no. It's fine. - What is this? - What is this? A microscope. I know. What is this for? Does it have polarized light? Can it connect to the computer? It can. It also has a bilateral synchronized magnification and calibration function. Let me have a look. Have a look. What is its maximum magnification? 2540 times. It's so clear. Wow. Are you using this to look at spherical crystals of polypropylene? Why don't you use the ones at the laboratory to look? Professor Jiang told me to buy it for the laboratory. You brought it back here. If I knew, I wouldn't have brought it here. It was quite heavy. I'll bring it back to the laboratory tomorrow. What other functions does it have? It really is much better than the ones in the lab. Senior, where is Gu Weiyi? He went to change his clothes. We're going out for lunch today. Do you want to join? Let's go. I asked if Situ Mo wants to join. Do you want to go? I'm not going. You guys can go. I'm so hungry. I just finished drinking a whole pot of congee. I'm so happy. Hahahahaha. Mister, your dish is here. Didn't you say you don't eat spicy? These are all– Situ Mo orders them whenever I come here with her. I got used to it. These aren't too spicy, either. Then, hurry and eat. Fatties have no future. Can "future" be eaten? Isn't Gu Weiyi the one who's sick? Why did you drink all of it? You still have time to chat? Your thesis has been sent back. Hurry and come back. I want to chat with you. Senior, I've finished so I'm leaving first. Take your time eating. I'll pay for the meal as thanks for bringing the parcel to me. You're finished so soon? Aren't you going to chat a bit more? Where are you going? Throwing out the trash. Tear up the parcel's receipt first. My information is on it. I got it. Why did you put the address for the new school district on a parcel sent to your lab? Aren't you doing experiments at the old school district? Hello, Senior? I know. Zhou Lei is the one who's been taking care of that. Senior, I really don't know about that. Tell me. Tell you what? You said that you had something to tell me before you went into the exam venue. I don't know how to say it. Fu Pei, I don't want to continue like this because I really like you. Don't interrupt me. I didn't say anything. But the more that I like you, the more I pity myself. I thought that I could take over Mo Mo's place in your heart. - Or I should say, I could bear being next to you while you're always thinking of her.  - No– But I realized that that's too tiring. I don't want to continue like that anymore. Situ Mo and I are only regular friends. But you still like her, right? No! How did you say that so casually? You let go of your relationships too easily. I–I... That's not what I meant. Then, what do you mean? I knew what I meant at first. But I don't know how to tell you what I meant after I saw you. I just think that I should tell you now, how many years of terrible deeds I've done over the years to become like how I am now. So that you could pity me, forgive me, keeping you beside me so that you'll never leave. But after I saw you, I don't know how to tell you anymore. Because you always understand everything. Whether I've memorized pages of English terms tens of times, whether it's my relationship with Situ Mo, you always see things so much clearer than me. I think that... being beside you, I'm lacking in every way. But you've never exposed me. Rather, you quietly fill in what I lack. When you said that you liked me, when you put on medicine for me, when you're preparing me for my exam, even when you told me to go to Situ Mo, I always think... "How could there be a girl as strong as you?" Until the day when Situ Mo yelled at me. I realized, that I've been making the mistake that I've always made. I used the assumption of you not liking me as a chance for me to escape. I pretend that I don't like you either, so that I could better accept the reality that you don't like me. But I don't want to be like that anymore now. Because I like you. I really, really do like you a lot. It's okay if you don't accept it now. I'll keep sticking to you. What's the worth of pride and ego? Once you accept me, the pride and ego that I let go of, like you always have, you'll mend them back up and return them to me. What does it mean that you're staring at me like that? Are you being serious? Yeah. I am being serious. Say something. Say what? Be with me. Can you? You– If you don't nod, I'll hit myself. Yuan Yuan, you came to see me? What's wrong? The cup broke. - I'll do it. - No need. What are you doing? I'm seeing if you've finished cleaning. I definitely can't clean as well as your senior. I... I said... It is true that Senior cleans the lab the cleanest. But how did you know? Go away. You're in the way of my cleaning! Yuan Yuan is hurt! So what? One life for another? A girl getting mad suddenly. Cup collection addition. Gu Weiyi, why did you come empty-handed? Where is the microscope? I forgot to bring it. What? You forgot to bring it? You actually forgot to bring it? How could you forget to bring it? What's wrong with you? - What is it? - No– Professor, Gu Weiyi forgot to bring the microscope back. I think he wants to take it for himself. Little Gu, you normally don't forget this kind of thing. What is it? Could it be that girl went to meet her ex-boyfriend? Is there some new progress? It seems to be the bad kind of progress. I think so, too. Professor, what are you doing? I'm not done with the experiment. Look. You need to start measuring from here. Distance... Like this. What's wrong with it here? What were you guys talking about? Senior, Gu Weiyi forgot to bring the microscope back. Didn't I leave it on your table? How could you forget? - You went to his house? - You went to his house? Just... It was Zhou Lei. He said Gu Weiyi's cold never got better and he wouldn't let him back into the lab. I... Stop. Don't explain anymore. The reason you went to his house, how could I not know? The two of you are obviously marginalizing me! You don't want to do scientific research with me! It's not a matter of the last few days of you guys marginalizing me. Yeah! That is exactly right. Xie–Xie Yuyin, explain yourself! Why do you have to marginalize me? Why do you marginalize me? What are you trying to do? What's wrong with you? Little Gu, Little Gu! Did Xie Yuyin go to your house? Does that girl know? No wonder nothing has been going right with you. Jealous. She's jealous! Do you get it? Jealous? What were you talking about? Nothing much. We were talking about the data. Eat what? Eat what? Come over here and I'll tell you what to eat. Eat the data. Calculate the data for me quickly. Hurry. It makes your face look small. Mo Mo! Senior. - A-Are you here to put money in your card? - Yeah. Mo Mo, hurry. It's our turn. Senior, how about you go first? No need. You can go ahead. Auntie, I want to put in ¥100. Mo Mo, I'm going to go get my lunch first. Hurry. Auntie, I want to put in ¥100, too. Thank you, Auntie. Senior, I'm heading over. ¥50, thanks. Who was that senior just now? She looks pretty. Gu Weiyi's senior. They're in the same physics laboratory. Gu Weiyi is with a senior like that every day? Aren't you worried? What are you saying? I'm worried? What would I be worried about? Are you really that assured about Gu Weiyi? What assured? What does that have to do with me? Fine, fine, fine. It has nothing to do with you. But if it were me, I would definitely be worried. After all, Gu Weiyi is so handsome. Even if he doesn't like her, other people might think twice about him. I don't think twice about him anyway. What does it have to do with me? It must have something to do with you. The first person to be splashed acid at is someone like you, who is around Gu Weiyi. You're too scary. I am a bad woman. Men don't like women who aren't bad. I, a bad woman, am going to buy lunch for Ah Ke. I'll be back right away. Look after my phone. I'll be right back. Be careful... the "bad woman" has appeared. We meet again. We're quite fated. Yeah. Actually, there's something that I've wanted to ask you for a really long time. [To be continued, there are easter eggs...] Are you feeling better? You might think that you're being a great person right now, but I don't admire your spirit to self-sacrifice. Also, you've affected me at the same time of your self-sacrifice. I hope for you to leave my house right now. ♫ Love the corner of your lips, love your eyelashes ♫ ♫ Love the tips of your hair, love your taste ♫ ♫ The signal in your eyes, the little pride in your pout ♫ ♫ They are all your exclusive expression packs ♫ ♫ Love your intonation, love your coquettishness ♫ ♫ Love your smile, oh, love your hug ♫ ♫ You playing up to me like a kitty, my defence is all useless ♫ ♫ No one can replace this kind of feeling ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ ♫ Holding your hand, step by step by step by step,  circling around you ♫ ♫ Feeling this love, bit by bit by bit, becoming clearer ♫ ♫ Grateful to have met you, I’m even smiling in my sleep ♫ ♫ Just like this, it makes my heart skip a beat ♫ ♫ Letting sweetness, day by day by day by day, slowly  fermenting ♫ ♫ Baking the taste of romance ♫ ♫ This level of sweetness is just right, I want to eat it  in one bite ♫ ♫ One serving of the bread of love tastes like two  servings of happiness ♫ OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 