Naked and Afraid: Season 12, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Naked and Afraid 
 s12e1 - Twinning - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Naked and Afraid (2013–…): Season 12, Episode 1 - Twinning - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm not nervous now, but anything can happen in 21 days. So it's going to be pretty easy to get lost out here. You could get turned around pretty easily, and it's so thick, full of vegetation, it's going to be hard to make a straight line and navigate. Narrator: Blackwater swamp, florida, covering over 6,000 acres of treacherous wetlands and murky swamps. Only the seminole indians were able to survive in this no man's land more than two centuries ago. Their neighbors... territorial wild boar and florida panthers 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 whose ability to see in the dark turn the nights into a killing zone. Here, the water is so black it can fuel six species of deadly snakes and over one million alligators. So I am so excited right now. I feel incredible. I'm a native floridian. My childhood was definitely not typical. I was raised naked and in the woods, and we lived in a barn-like structure. What I learned from that upbringing was how to handle the florida heat and florida bugs, and how to be comfortable without a stitch of clothing 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 on. I'd say my best skill is my ability to identify species... Species to eat, species to avoid. I got a degree in natural resource conservation. I can name just about every plant around me with its scientific name. Oh, come here. Oh, come here. Oh. I'm a single mother of a six-year-old son, and I look at this challenge as being able to show him that yes, we can do whatever we put our minds to. I am so excited right now. I get to use all these incredible gifts that are around us. Make a two-story wigwam with a chimney and an elevator. I'm going to dominate this challenge. Narrator: Rose enters the challenge with an abundance of experience in the swamps of florida. But having to survive primitively, even in her own backyard, could prove harder than she thinks. Rose begins with a primitive survival rating, or psr, of 6.8. I see food. I see shelter. I see fuel. I see many, many gifts. I'm absolutely excited to test myself in this environment that I haven't really been exposed to in the past. I'm hoping this skill set that I have does translate over well. I'm as prepared as I can be for this and I'm ready to hit it pretty hard. Originally I'm from australia. I was born in sydney. I've been practicing outdoor bushcraft ever since I was about 16 years old. My strengths as a survivor would definitely be hunting and trapping. I was a department of defense contractor. I was training marines. Most of my training when I was in the military was open-water survival. I'm not nervous. This is going to be a different environment than what I'm used to. I know this is going to be a different environment than what I'm used to. I went through my tough stuff when I went through my divorce. That was a massive thing for me to overcome. There's no way I'll ever tap on this challenge. Just knowing that my two daughters are going to be watching, there's no way I'm ever going to quit. The location's looking beautiful so far. I'm excited to see how it all plays out. I definitely wouldn't call myself an alpha male. The alpha male isn't the guy that needs to say it. He's the guy that shows it. I want to show myself that I can walk into any environment and keep myself [inaudible], , and this is something that shows you that. Narrator: Waz's military background and expert hunting skills give him a strong edge, but his lack of experience in this environment could leave him vulnerable. Waz also begins with a psr of 6.8. I'm 100% sure I'm going to make it 21 days. I'll be walking out on day 21 without an issue. I guess this is it. Time to get naked on tv. I've got a bit of a resting bitch face. So when I'm sitting back and listening and I'm not talking, people think that I'm angry all the time. But I'm a friendly guy once I get to know you. I'll open up. All right, guess I'm here. I'm not nervous about being in front of a man naked that I don't know. Sounds like any other day of the week. That's much better. Waz: I'm hoping for a partner that has some really good complementary skill sets, someone who's not just going to sit around and be lazy and try and ride it out. Looks like the rain's coming in. Rose: My biggest worry going into this challenge is that I don't get along with my partner. Over-arrogant probably would bug me. Hello. Narrator: Hello. How are you doing? I'm doing well. How do you like this florida weather? It's not too bad. Stayed in the afternoon shower. My name's waz. - Hi. What is it? - Waz. W-a-z. - Oh, nice. Rose. Pleasure. - Nice to meet you, rose. - You too. All right. All right. You ready to do this? I am so ready. I'm over-ready. 21 days in this beautiful place. Yeah. We got water falling from the sky. I'm excited to see what's in here. I am too. Narrator: Waz and rose each have one personal item. My trusty stainless steel cooking pot! I brought my machete. Nice. Narrator: And they have been given a fire starter. Yes. Got a fire starter. That's perfect. Oh yeah. That's going to be really helpful with this humidity and this weather, definitely. Well, let's take a look at this map. It looks like we're over here, but I think we head towards the water there, yeah? Oh, it's going to get dark. Yeah. Looks a little bit ominous over there, but we'll have some water, which is going to be good. Gator's good eating. Gator is good eating. Watch out for those bobcats though. It looks like this rain is coming in. We better take off. - All right. Let's do it. Look what you just walked by... Golden orb weaver. Just barely missed it too. I've never seen this many spiders in my entire life, and I'm from australia. Where are you from? I'm from gainesville, florida. Naked in the woods is kind of my upbringing. That's pretty cool. What would you say your strongest skill set is in relation to what we're doing right now? Species identification. Plant nerd... guilty. That and just being able to withstand ridiculous heat, bugs. So you're just set. You're good for 21 days. I'm good, yeah. I hope you're all right. This is bit of a walk in the park for you. [laughter] having rose know her flora so well, it's an amazing gift for me. Rose: Pickerelweed, pontederia cordata. That's good stuff. I haven't been in an area like this before. So this is some jurassic park prehistoric jungle swamp land. Can you get over that? Oh yeah, I can get over it. Might not be very ladylike, but I can do it. I think we'll work very well together. Seems to have a really good sense of humor. I think that's incredibly important. He's got a really fun australian accent. So that's always good. Because then if he's complaining, at least he sounds really neat. Oh, hang on a second. Looks like we're got a cottonmouth in here. Oh my gosh. Stay back a little bit. I don't want you to get bit. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn My heart's racing. If you don't fight, you won't make it. Fight so hard! Rose: Now that's florida! How big is it? He's tucked way back. So I can't really tell, to be honest with you. It sort of disappeared into the hole. Cottonmouths are real territorial. So as soon as he feels threatened, he's going to come out. Narrator: Water moccasins, also known as cottonmouths, can stalk their prey both on land and in water and, when threatened, will stand their ground and attack. Before he strikes, he'll open his mouth and he's going to want to warn us. That's where they get the cottonmouth. My foot got within about an inch or two of it. I was lucky enough that I saw it. If I'd trot on that, that could have been... that could have been the end of the challenge. That can definitely send you home. So that snake's tucked away right up the back in this hole. Jeez. Moving right along. Yeah. A little slippery. I bet hogs have been through here. Who wants bacon? That'll be good. Right? Narrator: Wild boar offer the possibility of protein, but they're mostly active at nighttime and capable of goring animals to death with their razor-sharp tusks. Rose: Well, it looks like we found the water. Waz: Yeah, so we must be getting close. Looks like alligators live in here. They probably do. It is a swamp. So there's dangers in a swamp no matter what. I don't know how close I really want to be to them. All right. Let's wrestle some alligators. Narrator: The powerful jaw muscles of american alligators allow them to bite down with 3,000 pounds of force. You couldn't. Cannot see a thing under there. No, you can't you can't see anything under there. If I was by myself, I would not get in that water, because I don't know the first thing about alligators. I've seen them at the zoo. I've never seen them in real life. That was an experience. Rose: Ok, it's getting a little drier. That's much nicer. This is looking promising. Should we start here? This seems the driest we've seen so far. So we're not too far from the water. We've got the palms here. A lot of our building material's going to come from that. We've got some pre-existing structure here. So we've got a couple of trees that we might be able to use. I want something that... It doesn't have to be massive, but I'd like it to be comfy and have at least three bedrooms. I would love to do something raised platform. Ok. What do you think? I like it. This is home? This looks like home for me. Narrator: Waz and rise will build a platform to get them off the ground with a roof and two walls made from palm fronds to protect them from the more than 100 inches of rain per year in this area is known for. We should have a lot of noise we yell out when we get lost. Like a bird call? Bird call is what comes to my mind. What bird call you thinking of? Well, we have bard owls around here. That was an amazing... I thought that was a bard owl. Well, that's because I'm really good at it. Teach me how to do it. [bard owl call] that's good. That's really good. [bard owl call] - that'll do. - All right. We have a call. This is a little bit wet, isn't it? Everything's a little bit wet here. Trying to start a fire in a swamp, it's a difficult thing to do, but pretty important. Night time there's panthers, bobcats, wild pigs. There's so many things out here that I don't know how half of them act. I've not been around these animals before. We got a fire going. Hey, look at that. Yay. [music playing] my goals coming in today were always going to be water, shelter, and fire. Shelter's not bad. It just has a few more steps that we need to complete. Rose: Well, I think we'll at least be mostly dry tonight if it were to rain. Waz: The little wins. Rose: Little wins for sure. I don't want to scare you, but we're going to be real personal. [laughter] waz: That's survival. Rose: Yes it is. Coming in. Waz: What is it? Rose: I can't see. Waz: Whatever it is, it's not scared. Rose: What about tracks? You see any tracks? What are you going to [bleep]? Whatever it was. Wow. Talk about getting your heart pumping. Man, my stomach jumped. Waz: We didn't get a lot of sleep last night. Rose: No. It was a very up and down and adrenaline... Waz: Here's the question. Will those animals be back tonight? Rose: I don't know. Waz: We're just going to have to take turns keeping our eyes peeled at night. This thing was literally a foot away from us in the dark, and I got a little bit scared. I'm not going to lie. This is going to be a snake stick. It's just something that we can... If we do see a snake, we can maintain a safe distance and hold it down. Yesterday, I just happened to look down and I saw a snake. So the fact that I saw that on day one, it means they're all over the place. Bit of a nice little spear that I can, if we see something, I'll jam it. All right. Rose: All right. Are we ready? Waz: Ready enough. Snakes love hunting around water, water moccasins especially. There's got to be a water moccasin down here somewhere, sitting on a log, just stared at us. Rose: I see some small fish. Waz: We've got some good places we can throw some baskets. Rose: Yeah, fish baskets. I'm all for making some fish baskets. Oh, I think there might be a snake over there. I think I heard something. Oh, yes, I see it. Where is it? It's right at the base of this tree, and I think it's a cottonmouth. Waz: Stay back just in case it moves, because these things are pretty fast, a little bit territorial as well. Rose: They don't care. Waz: Can I get my machete? Rose: Yes, you may. All right. Oh, is it pregnant? Are there eggs in there? Eggs are good eating. We got the mother lode. Look at those eggs. Oh my gosh, the babies are coming out. Waz: You want to see some babies come out of these? Rose: Ugh. Oh, man. Can we get something to put them in? Waz: Yeah, definitely. We'll take them, because we could put them in a little pot. Rose: Oh, thank you for sacrificing your next generation for us. Waz: Some of these are still in their little egg pouches. Other ones have already come out. Rose: Best partner ever. I was really hoping those eggs were going to be more yolky and less reptiley. Well, it was a team effort for sure. Waz: Yeah. Rose: Look at that. Waz: That tastes good. We'll get some good protein out of this. Rose: So excited. Waz: This is really going to help get us through to that next meal. Are we doing this? Oh, we're doing this. All right. Get the baby there? It's the baby. Look, it's all curled up. It's kind of like fusili pasta, except totally different. Energy in, energy out. That's all it's about. So much gratitude for all these wonderful little lives. Absolutely. A lot of times, I sit back and think to myself how much I miss my girls, how much I want to have a chat with them. Hello, tiberius. Momma misses you so much. The moon is out and I thought of you. Normally we'd be howling at it together. Waz: Howl. Howl at the moon. Howl at the moon? Howl at the moon. [howling] rose: I love you. I miss you. Good night, kids. [music playing] I'm going to get going on a fishing trip. Oh, fabulous. I might make a couple so we can increase our chances. Rose: Sounds good. This is some grape vine that we got off the tree. This should be enough for a couple of fishing baskets. What I'm going to do... These are going to weave in and out, in and out, all the way around and up. The fish trap will have another cone shape so the fish can swim in, but they can't get out of it. I think this is about as good as we're going to get for the moment. That's actually... This is really good. That's perfect. Rose: Thank you, thank you. All right. We'll just leave it in overnight. Fish traps. Rose: I think that calls for a high five. Since I was eight, I sort of stopped, but... What do you prefer? Not doing high-fives. My partner is awesome, but celebration on the outside is not something that I really do too much. It's just not part of who I am. Rose: We might get some rain. Waz: That storm sounds like it's coming. Rose: Wow. Steady pours from the ceiling right where we sleep. This is all dripping right onto the fire. Waz has his own swimming pool at his feet. It's going to be a long night. [music playing] well, that was an adventure. The thunder and lightning last night, that storm that rolled through, rolled directly over our heads. I heard a couple of loud cracks. And I was concerned that we were going to get one directly on top of us, or a little bit too close. I think we were just lucky that that didn't happen, to be honest with you. The rainstorm came on quick and lasted all night long. We weren't exactly prepared for it, but we still stayed warm in our little place. So you don't high-five? I'm going to draw my own high-five. I love it. On the tree. Waz is not a high-fiver. Any time it's time to high-five, I'm just going to high-five the tree. Looks bigger than my hand. Waz: Yeah, high-five. [inaudible] all right. We need a plan. What are we going to do? Well... We'll go for a walk to check out our trap. Yeah. Primarily, today is about eating. We didn't eat yesterday. So today is definitely going to be finding some food. Something in there, but it's a little small. It's a beetle. [inaudible] rose: I woke up groggy for the first time. I feel like big food score is just right around the corner. I could use some food. Yeah, let's get food today. I like food. Sword fern. Here you go. Narrator: The roots of mature sword ferns are rich in carbohydrates. If this had root tubule things, they're edible. So oh well. This one's too young, I guess. Regardless of how bad it gets, my partner and I usually resort back to thinking about the positive stuff. This will end. Waz: We're going to try something today to see if we and catch some little minnows. So what I'm going to do is try and weave some of this monkey fur together, stitch the top into some sort of frame that I make. I'm just going to tie this handle on here, and then we've just got a bit of a fish scoop. Only two tiny ones. This is so inhumane, but I'm so hungry. I don't know how this is going to work. No way did I think that it would be this challenging to find protein in a florida swamp. Thank you for your life. All right. Here we go. There's a lot of dirt in there. I really wish I had found more. Waz: I feel like someone of my size putting two or three calories in their body with the minnows is not going to make that much of a difference. Let me use this rock to get some fish hooks out of them. The [inaudible] basically small enough. Like, you wrap your bait around it, you drop it in the water. It's small enough that the fish can swallow it down its throat. You pull on it, and it's going to catch on one side and then catch on the other side, and then you're able to just flick the fish or pull the fish out of the water. See the line? It's getting nibbled on a little bit. I needed it to be swallowed, so. The little nibbles aren't going to help. If it's small fish picking at it, they're not going to be able to swallow that big hook. Picked clean. This water is just so dark. You can't see what's in there. This is extremely frustrating. I fished my whole life. I spear fish. Like, this is what I do. But to know that they're out here and not be able to see them, not be able to get them out, it's a little bit tough. That fish is taunting me. Rose: Oh, that hit it. Taking it slow. Waz: If you're getting light-headed from standing up, we need to get food in you. Rose: I do not disagree. Narrator: In the last 14 days, waz and rose have each consumed less than 500 calories total even though they have been burning more than 2,000 calories per day. Not being able to collect as much protein, I didn't think that was going to be an issue. I thought I'd be eating like a king out here, to be honest with you. Honestly, I'm running out of options. I feel like we're trying to change it up a little bit, but. We'll go for an early morning walk tomorrow in a different direction and see what that bodes. Today do you want to walk this way? Sure. We haven't gone that way. A message my eldest daughter sent me right before I came out, she said, dad, if it gets tough out there, it gets hard, I want you to just push. I've fallen back on that message, especially in the last week. Normally I'm on 2,500-3,000 calories a day in my normal life. You know, it makes it tough. Your mind's not there all the time. Simple chores get difficult. There's an armadillo that's been through here recently. Rose: Nice. Waz: They're digging that triangle shape under there. That looks pretty fresh. Like, that's not been rained on, right? Rose: Yeah, that does look fresh. I'll tell you what. If we can get an armadillo, that's going to be a good day. Yeah, a very good day. I see an armadillo. Where is it? Straight ahead. I got it. You see it? Yeah. He's a good size one, too. I'm going to get up there slowly as it moves. You want to be really quiet. [inaudible] waz: Yeah. Keep your eyes on it. Go around. Stand still. Make some noise and try to flush it across this way. [muted] keep your eyes on it. Make some noise over there. [muted] go back down there. Hey, bring my spear up. So it's in this hole right here. I should have just grabbed it. This is a big armadillo. It's a lot of food, there's a lot of fat, there's a lot of protein. If I don't get this by the end of the day, it's going to be extremely disappointing. I imagine this is not going to be pretty, but it's going to happen. I watched him run in this whole. Rose: Yeah, but that hole might have... Might have a t. You think it goes off sideways? I don't see why not. But the odds of that being the end of the whole would be really stupid for a prey like that. Any fox could get in there and just annihilate it if it didn't have an exit. Narrator: Armadillos dig burrows with interconnecting tunnels and multiple exits to provide safety from predators and harsh weather. Waz: So this tunnel comes down and comes this way as far as I can tell. I just wished it had a happier ending. For me, not the armadillo. That was a huge meal that was really going to help the team, and I'm the one that didn't take that shot and reach out. It's a tough thing for me to get past. I'm not normally like this. Like, I accept failure. Everyone's going to fail. You have to fail to be successful in life. This one's a tough one for me to get at. How's the energy levels, rose? They're pretty [muted] right now, which is very, very frustrating right now. I can't go any longer without protein. I'm on the desperate level. This is not sustainable. If I don't get some food soon, it's going to make extraction a lot more difficult. Waz: You're going to be on [inaudible] today. I don't want you to do too much. Try and get some... I'm going to try and get some food in you before you do anything strenuous. You can tell that rose is declining physically. She's got less and less energy pretty much each day. No dice. This sums up fish traps for me. I went through every single tool in my belt. Like, I know there's food in the ground right here. I don't know how to get it out. I know that there's fish down there. I don't have the tools right now to get that out of the water. It gets really frustrating. Rose: How was your walk. Oh, I thought you were asleep. Rose: [inaudible] I was unsuccessful. I apologize. I tried my hardest to get you some food, but it did not happen. It's an interesting feeling to feel so drained. Like, there's just no source to tap into to refuel. The biggest goal now is to get as many nutrients... See how much I'm getting lightheaded? Yeah, I might need to sit down. Hold on. Waz: You good? Rose: I'm really lightheaded. I couldn't stand much longer. I'm sure it's due to caloric intake being in the negative compared to expenditure. You can rest up. I'll go look for food. I don't want to walk back empty-handed, especially while rose couldn't even finish a sentence and had to lie down. If she's feeling like this now, I don't know how she makes extraction. My goal coming in was both of us walk out of here. So I've got to do everything I can to try and fix that. Surely we're going to get lucky eventually. A leaf in the wind right now. Barely hanging on. Waz: I just want to scout around the edge of this ecosystem and the edge of the next one. That's where a lot of animals hang out. Hang on a second. I heard something up here. I don't know what it was, either a big pig or... Uh. A big pig. [music playing] it jumped in the water. [muted] got any jokes, rose? Polar bear goes into a bar. Bartender says, well, what will you have? He goes, I'll have a... Beer. The bartender says, why the big pause? He goes, had them all my life. Wow. That's terrible. Did you hear about the scarecrow that won the award? Oh dear. What? For being outstanding in his field. Pretty bad. I think it's funny. A big [inaudible]. This is nuts. Sorry, bud. [muted] this is massive for rose and I. Thanks, buddy. As you can tell, I'm just exhausted. It's bittersweet. Like, I hate taking the life of another animal, but it's just something we have to do. This is survival. And he's given a precious gift. We get to eat, get some protein inside us, get our minds working again. We're going to get this back, get this cleaned up, see if we can't get a bit of food in our bellies. [music playing] no armadillo. I'm sorry, rose. No? Damn it. But would you settle for bacon? Oh my god. Bless all that is holy. You're kidding. We get bacon? We get bacon. Oh my god. Lately it's been just barely getting along, and now... Oh my god. What a blessing. We are going to have so much energy for extraction. Oh my goodness. Waz, you are a blessing. Lots of thanks for this little guy. Oh, so much thanks. Oh my goodness. I'm way too overwhelmed. I'm very grateful. Thank you so much, waz, for everything you've done. You're welcome. I'll try and make some nice thin bits so we can cook it faster and get them in our bellies. We spent the majority of this challenge looking for food unsuccessfully, and now we have food to last us the rest of our journey. So just absolutely amazing. I am so filled with gratitude right now. And then I'm going to be filled with pork. Is it glorious? [muted] that tastes good. That first bite of food is out of this world. There should be a name for I haven't eaten for 16 days. This food is going to take us all the way through to the end. I'm going to say me and my partner are going to walk out on day 21. Rose: It's like I can to feel energy returning to my body. Makes such a difference, doesn't it? Monumental difference. So I say the rest of the night, we just cook pig and eat. [music playing] good morning with full bellies for the first time since we've been here. Waz: We got breakfast. Tastes like christmas ham. It is absolutely phenomenal. Rose: I'm going to try and eat as much of this as I possibly can. We are not out of the swamp yet. All right. Packing up. I've got my machete. Got my snack stick. You got that stick. I think we pretty much got everything. I think we do too. All right. Let's get this map. Let's have a look where we've got to go. Narrator: Waz and rose will have to travel three miles through a maze of black swamp water until they reach a deep slough used as a waterway for the largest alligators in the area, some as long as 14 feet. If they make it to the other side, they must then travel another mile to their extraction point, keeping their heads on a swivel for deadly black widow and brown recluse spiders, rattlers, and water moccasins. This is the biggest concern right here. We've got to get across this creek. Oh, wow. Let's go. Rose: Let's do this. [music playing] waz: The ground is so soggy. Rose: Oh my gosh, it's way deep. Oh. Whoa. Water gets everywhere as we're walking out. It makes it quite treacherous. Every step you take, you need to make sure that you're putting your foot down on stable ground. Whoa. Oh my god. Oh [muted] a bit stuck. Was not expecting this deep of mud, very taxing. Whoa. Waz: We're sort of running out of land on this side. So we might have to cross here. You're the gator expert. What do you know about like... See this little tributary right here? Is that where a gator might hang out? They could hang out anywhere here. No time like the present. We might as well just go for it, yeah? Yeah. Waz: That's pretty deep. Rose: Whoa. Waz: Makes me a bit anxious feeling things on the bottom. Rose: Yeah. There's no telling what's down there. [inaudible] that was a little scarier than I expected. Waz: This is obviously some pretty solid water moccasin territory right here, lots of logs, places for them to hide out. Just be careful with every step. Rose: I keep thinking that we're going to get to a big clearing, and then it's back into the swamp. The idea of talking to my son is definitely the driving force right now. Waz: Keep pushing, because we're going to lose a lot of time on this. Rose: I have no idea how close we are. Waz: Definitely starting to feel a bit different, like it's drying out some. Watch your feet as you come through there. Rose: I'm going to keep pushing. Waz: One foot in front of the other. Hang on a minute, rose. Rose: What? Waz: It looks like it's clearing up up here a little bit. Oh my gosh. We're out of the [inaudible] meadows. Waz: To the open space. Rose: Ugh. Waz: Oh, can you hear that? Here we go. Hello! Rose: Oh my god. Yeah. [inaudible] waz: Thank you [inaudible]. Rose: Waz is a very thoughtful person, and I'm very, very grateful for that. I really couldn't have asked for a better partner. High-five. Oh god. Holy mother of moly. Was that a high-five? Waz: Oh yeah. Rose: We made it! Waz: Coming out the other side with my partner next to me, that sense of accomplishment for me is a massive thing. We pushed pretty hard. I'm pretty proud of that. The sense of achievement from finishing this challenge is absolutely indescribable. I am most proud for my son to see my being able to push myself and come out the better on the other side. At the end of the day, I learned a lot about myself. Drop me anywhere in the world, and I'll walk out the other end. Yes. We did it. Narrator: Rose survived the blackwater swamp having lost 26 pounds. Her psr rises from 6.8 to 7.0. Waz lost 37 pounds. His psr rises from 6.8 to 7.5. I'm blessed to have been able to experience it. So grateful. Is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, and I did it, and it's a badge of honor that I can wear with me for the rest of my life. Woo! Rose: Thank you, black florida swamp! Waz: Yeah! OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 