Naked and Afraid: Season 12, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Naked and Afraid 
 s12e3 - Two Tarzans, One Jane - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Naked and Afraid (2013–…): Season 12, Episode 3 - Two Tarzans, One Jane - full transcript 
 When a third survivalist is added to the mix, romantic complications make surviving the Colombian jungle's poisonous dart frogs and deadly jaguars much more complicated. Feeling left out, a... 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 This is not going to be pleasant. Oh, god. Here we go. Ah! Easy. Oh! It's gonna hurt. Stay with me, man. Ah! Ow, ow! There's nothing easy about this. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We got hail. Whew, my heart's racing. You don't fight, you won't make it. I tried so hard! Africa is so mean. Right now, I am freaking out. I'm excited. I'm pumped up. I'm certainly nervous. But I am definitely ready for an adventure. Africa is absolutely jaw-dropping. Nothing here is like back home. The trees are different, the grass is different. The sky looks like it's further away. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 My biggest concern is probably the crocodiles, that we are on their food chain. They are everywhere here, and they are massive creatures. In the western cape of south africa is the ancient region of vygeboom. This remote area is overrun with 14-foot long nile crocodiles, stealthy leopards that hunt their prey in the cover of night, and aggressive buffalo. But some of the smaller critters here can be just as deadly as the large predators. The dense bush is crawling with bloodsucking ticks, more than 150 species of scorpions, including the south african thicktail, whose neurotoxic venom can be fatal, and venomous snakes like the black mamba, whose bite can kill within 30 minutes. This time of year, temperatures reach over 100 degrees, making heat exhaustion and severe dehydration a major threat. This is going to be tough, and I think I'm prepared for that. So I'm ready for all the good and all the bad. Name is andrew. I've been told I'm charismatic. Also been called obnoxiously optimistic, which I think that's a good thing. Woo! I was the first male cheerleader in all of the high schools in lexington, kentucky. Cheerleading was not just shaking pom-poms. It was a brutal sport. I've broken both my hands. And honestly, cheerleading may have prepped me for this, because I know what pain feels like. There is not one thing comparable from kentucky to africa. The animals are bigger. They're scarier. They have more teeth. And that's intimidating for a little kentucky guy. So I grew up baptist, in a very conservative family. I came out as gay, and upbringing was a little bit more difficult. I never felt like I belonged. But I think that just made me strong, and I use that to my advantage. I started getting into survivalism when I was little. Growing up camping and being outdoors was just my happy place. I'm very confident in my skills. I love hunting with a spear, whether that's land prey or fishing. Set snare traps, deadfalls are easy to set up. It's always fun hunting back home with my dad. My dad and I are different as night and day. He's a republican, I'm a democrat. He's straight, I'm gay. He's baptist, I'm not. I want him to be proud that nothing out here stopped me. There's a stereotype placed on gay men that we're not tough enough. That's not true, and we can do anything just as tough as anybody else. With a background in cheerleading, andrew brings a positive attitude, and is a team player. But his high energy levels could cause him to overexert himself. He begins with a psr of 6.8. I think this is going to be one of the most challenging things I've ever done in my life. There's a lot of predators out here. And it's going to take everything I know and all of my wits to get through this. My name is elizabeth. I'm a cowgirl. I'm rough and tumble. I get thrown off, I get back on. Primitive hunting is probably my best skill. I've hand-caught rabbits. I've plucked birds out of trees. I've skinned and gutted almost every animal that anybody's ever eaten. Oh, being around animals all my life, I can smell it when I get close to them. And back there, it really hit me. I smelled it on the air. It's probably a predator scent marking. When I was growing up, after my parents got divorced, I spent a lot of time in the woods with my mom. She taught me how to fish for your food every day. She taught me how to look down at the tracks and see where animals were going. So I am here to prove my mother raised a very strong, independent woman. And when she sees this, I know she's going to appreciate the fact that I learned so much from her. Elizabeth's off-grid upbringing has taught her primitive skills and practical knowledge. But her no-nonsense attitude could be a challenge for her partner. She starts with a psr of 7.0. This is it. This is the adventure of a lifetime starts right now. All right, this is my stop. When it comes to being naked, free for all. I'd go to a nude beach any day of the week. Being naked out here... I think it's going to be weird for about an hour, and then I think my brain is just going to kick right into survival mode. All right, let's go find that other naked person. Hello, other naked person. Hello! Good to meet you. Hi, nice to finally meet you. I'm andrew. I'm elizabeth. Elizabeth, nice to meet you. All right. Do you like drew or andrew or andy? - Usually andrew. - Andrew? But anything... - I'm an elizabeth person too. - Elizabeth. I don't like shortened versions. I know. Good deal. Yeah. Sweet, sweet, I like it. I love that when we met, like... As a man, I was like, I'll just go for the handshake. I always want to make sure that the woman feels comfortable. And she like, just pulled me in for the hug, and I love that. So that was like, instant connection, and I like that about her. Awesome. This is going to be the awesomest three weeks of our life. - Yes, it is. - I'm so pumped. - Me too. I was a cheerleader for like, most of my life. Awesome. So I'm like, upbeat, peppy. I want us to have fun out here. Positive attitude is what we need out here. Hell yeah. Hearing of that he is a cheerleader is pretty great. Being athletic, being agile, being nimble out here is going to benefit us. I like you already! I like you! All right, so let's go get our bags. Ok. Andrew has brought a knife. I have a little bit of security. And elizabeth has brought a firestarter. They've also been given a pot. I boil water for a good 20 minutes. Yeah. And what else we got in here? Oh. Oh, the map. - I got a map. - The map! What do you think? I've been waiting to like, hold and touch our map. There it is. Oh my gosh. Snakes, snakes. Oh, my gosh! Crocodiles. There are so many deadly animals on here. All right, looks like this is where we are. We got our giant termite mound here. Looks like a giant body of water here. Definitely food there, there's fish everywhere. I don't think we're going to want to stay down there with the leopards, the crocodiles, but we'll definitely be hunting down here and setting traps. Yeah. Maybe if we found kind of our residence right in this area? Definitely. We need to set up shop real quick. Yeah. The ravine's down this way. - You want to head there? - Yep, yep. Ok. - You got it. I can't believe this is real! I know! It is intimidating, knowing that you don't know what's behind every tree. The thing that makes me nervous out here in the tall grass is snakes. In general, the snakes will move away from you. It's the scorpions that are, you know, going to stand their ground, or not realize you're stepping on them. Oh, now I feel so much better. Ooh, ow, ee, ah! Yeah. Oh! Yeah, here is the tough ground. Yep, here it is. And it's scorching hot. So where are you from? My family has a farm in new york. I was born on the farm, really. My mother... she taught me everything about being a survivalist. Mom sounds like a badass. She... my mom is a badass. What do you do? I write comic books. You do? Yeah, and love being outdoors. Does this smell like mint to you? That is absolutely mint. I love, love a good strong woman, and elizabeth is definitely one of those. I'm really like, kind of lighthearted and making jokes, and she's very like, science-based, like this plant does this, and this does this. And honestly, that's perfect for out here. This will be great for when our breath gets really bad. That sun's feeling hot. Sun is peeking out from behind the clouds now. Whew! I'm telling you, nothing comes before water. Because dehydration is a big deal out here. Whew! Hi. That has to be... That's it. ...Our ravine. I can barely walk on this. There's no way we can... I know. I'm losing the... -... hunt or... ...Ability to walk on this quick. Yep, it's just like walking through barrels of legos. Oh, ow, ow, ow, ow! I actually know how to make some shoes. You are the goddess of "naked and afraid." My partner, andrew, is exactly what I needed him to be. He's got a very positive mindset. So I think that we're going to work very well together. Well, my feet have been adequately exfoliated. Oh, I see a whole lot of water. Oh yeah, there it is. That is crocodile heaven right there. I see slide marks here. Yeah, I do too. All over the place. Watch for bubbles and beady little eyes. Welcome to crocodile beach, the hottest resort in south africa. This area is like the hunting zone, so I'm a little nervous. I feel like I'd rather push on. I mean, today is brutal. But you're right. This hike is awful, and we're going to run out of daylight. But my thought is, we got a body of water there. We know we can drink from it if we boil it. So maybe if we just build a boma inland, back where the ground's a little softer, and we can build a path to the water? All right. Sounds good. Ok. Ow! The walk is certainly brutal on our feet. But right now, we're just focused on finding home. That's a big deal. I want to be within a fair walking distance of the water. It's right there. This could be the back of a boma. It's flat. - Yeah. We can carve all this out, fortify the back, build some serious walls. We both know that it's dangerous in africa, and that we're going to need a boma, or, you know, a corral of spikes and thorns and everything to keep us safe at night. If you want to start collecting materials and bring them in, I'll get the fire going. It's perfect. - Ok. Best plan ever, I love it. Ok. It's spiked. That's ideal. If my dad could see me right now, he'd be like, good job, boy, working hard. Why are you naked? My material is not dry enough. I'm willing to burn my hair at this point. It'll light. Heat of the day... Man, it'll kick your ass. Oh, gosh. Trying to get my heartbeat down. Oh, come on, come on, come on,.. Come on! My whole foot is cramping bad. Never had that before. Definitely from dehydration. Yeah, dehydration's setting in. I'm feeling nauseous. It's certainly hot. I know I'm dehydrated. My legs are cramping up, and that is scaring me. That's something that'll put you down out here. That is not a deal with that later kind of issue out here in africa. Come on! It's a lot of frustration. It's ok. Frustration's going to get us. It's got me right now too. Day one's the worst, right? God, I hope that's true. In dry triple-digit heat, dehydration can occur in less than one hour. If andrew does not drink soon, he runs the risk of seizures and kidney failure. I'm afraid to run out of strikes on this thing. There we go. - Give me that. - What do you need? Get in it, get in it. Don't smother, don't smother. Little sticks, yes. No, no, no, no, come on. It's beautiful. More stuff? Ok. Whew! Good job. It's a little warm, but I sipped it, and it's ok. We need to get as much of that down as possible. Well, my cramp's feeling a little bit better. I think just kind of slowing my heart rate down a little bit has helped, and a little water goes a long way. Yeah, it does. Like your body goes out of a panic. Yeah. Today was a brutal day. It was so brutal. This is going to be interesting sleeping out here our first night. We're probably not going to sleep. Let's not kid ourselves. No. No. I am single, ready to mingle. I'm gay. I knew. I know. She was like, you are gayer than a toucan out here in africa. Yeah, so... Yeah. Ow! Something bit me. I felt it in my hand. Jerk! I'll go stoke this fire a little bit. Ow! Ooh! yeah, this sucks. I'm just glad we haven't had anything circling us here yet. My feet are shot today. It doesn't get better, it hurts worse and worse and worse. Got to be very careful with the crocodiles in here. Ow! Man! It's like walking over broken glass. Every step takes every ounce of just sucking it up. And I'm like, if my mobility is 10 feet outside of my boma, I'm not going to make it to day 21. There's no way. We can't hunt, we can barely get water, because our feet hurt so bad. I cannot walk and bleed every step. I'm not going to make it. Well, I'm going to spend the day working on the shoes. That would be amazing! We are on day two of our challenge, and we're going to need shoes to survive. So I am taking the palm frond stem. I'm weaving it over, under, over, under into the shoe frame, so that I have a sturdy platform for his flip-flop. I'm going to spread the ash around inside the boma, just give us a little ash floor. It just helps with the bugs. Got a lot of bunch of little nips and stings last night. So bugs don't like walking on ash. Because they have little mucus in their feet, and they don't like walking on the ash. It dries it up, and they can die. Your shoes are done, andrew. Yeah! Let's see if you can walk in them. Ok. This has changed the 21 days. Yes! The shoes elizabeth made are brilliant. Now I'm like, all badass cocky again, so I'm going to go tackle a leopard. These shoes worked. Yes? The shoe works! Yes! Look how fast we're moving. Yeah. We're doing so good on shelter, fire, water. Oh my god! Oh, the sand! Oh, my butt is full of sand! All right. - Front or back first? - All right, back first. Ok, ready? One, two, three! Perfect. Now you can see all the cuts. They were hidden in all the dirt. Is that smoke? Oh. Oh, oh, oh, smoke, smoke, smoke! We have a fire. We have to get up there. Let's go! Oh, god! Oh, our house! Oh, god, go, go, go, go! Is that smoke? Oh. Oh, god! Go, go, go, go! What the hell? I got it. What's the damage? Not much. It was just starting to flare up. I think we caught it in time. Whew! How did it catch over here from here? That's my fault, I'm sorry. I started spreading ash around, and part of this caught. Yeah. We need to wait till it's completely out before we spread the ash around. Yeah. Andrew had spread out the ashes, and he thought, you know, he had just the stuff from the edge that was cool enough. But with ash, if you give it something to light, it'll light it up. Whew! Man, is this a freaking learning lesson. Ooh. We'll have to build that boma part back up. Yeah. We're not alone. What is it? Think it might be a baboon. In the river bed? No, like, right next to us. My heart just started pounding. I'm sure he's peeking in here, wondering what we are. We need to build up the fires. Palm frond on the fires just kind of gives it this quick burst of big, bright fire and crackle sound. We're hoping it just kind of scares him away, but you best believe I got that blade ready. This is my house. Last night, the baboon scared the tar out of me. Baboons... they can definitely be a little furry jerks. But he can bark all he wants, just don't come to my house. My stomach's just growling and growling. Do we want to send out a scout? I could run over there... - And just see what see? ...And just see if there's anything close by... Bag full of fruit, maybe. ...That stands out, yeah. All right. We'll start there. And then when you're ready, we'll scout a different area. Yeah. That way, we're not both burning all the energy... Yeah. ...To do the scouting. We'll take turns. So our plan today is to find food. Elizabeth's going to stay back and take care of kind of our boma work... Water, fire. And I'm going to go on a little adventure trek. I'm going to see what we can find. Hopefully, more resources. You just be careful, because you're going to be out there by yourself. I will. Not going to eat that. I'm covered in bug bites, cuts, sores. My body is ravaged. It's brutal being without clothes in the direct african sun. I'm a little nervous. Open, tall grass is exactly where lions hunt. Bones everywhere, ugh. Holy crap. I think that's a hippo. It's huge. Now what kills a hippo? Mopane worms. I can eat those. Mopane worms feed off the leaves of mopane trees. The worms are high in protein, and also contain significant amounts of calcium. Whoo-hoo! That's a ton. I read that you have to squeeze the guts out and let them dry. Never in a million years would I eat worms at home. I'm just going to have to pretend they're like... I don't know... mini corn dog bites or something. I found the skull of a hippopotamus. It was huge. Bones everywhere. How close was that? Half a mile, maybe. I did get us some mopane worms. Yay! You found them? Mm-hmm. I'm going to have to squeeze their gunk out. Andrew found mopane worms. I'm excited and un-excited. I know that they're full of protein and super good for us. But I also know that they are worms. We can roast them, I think. Yeah. Mopane worms. Kind of taste like crispy burnt toast. Oh, they do... They smell like burnt toast. You may have cooked them just enough. Well, they're not miserable. What's wrong? Something hurts like, right at the top of my butt, and I think I've been bitten by something. Ugh. All right, this bite on my butt... It hurts. We've got to get a medic. With the pain from the insect bite on andrew's backside increasing by the hour, the medic is called in to evaluate the situation. Right here. - It's a tick? - Mm-hmm. Oh! Yes! I have a butt tick. And just because it's somewhere we can't really get to, the medical team is going to get it out, just to make sure it doesn't lead to infection or anything else. Oh. I have more than one tick in my butt. There's another one. Ow! Ok, yeah. All righty. Thank you. Sorted. Thank you, thank you, thank you. All right, sleep well. Right, we'll check it again. If there's any issue, let us know. Are there a lot of tick diseases around here? We do have some, but we'll keep an eye on things. Just let us know how you're feeling, all right? - Ok. - Ok. I'm very concerned that andrew will have to be sleeping in the dirt with that open wound. And I would hate for him to have to go through this again. I'm going to go out on a limb and say that was a territorial leopard. I'll bring a stick. It's not much, but I want something. We have the blade here too. I even packed a few rocks in the boma, just in case we needed to scare something away. Oh, my god. Get! Get out of here! It's scary when something comes this close to your boma at night. Because then you're heart's racing, it's almost impossible to go back to sleep. I don't hear him anymore. I slept for maybe five minutes. Yeah. After we heard that rustle in the woods, though, I could not sleep. Yeah, that freaked me out. My brain is constantly confused. Lack of calories doesn't help. Thought takes calories. We're tired, but we need to keep putting something in our stomach. I'm going to go clam hunting. I'm not sure if I'll find any, but it might be worth it. Yep, got to be super careful. Can't get overzealous, or I'll stab myself. Because there are thorns in the mud too, apparently. Oh, the wood is disheartening. Oh, I got one! A-ha! I might find some more. Ooh, I found another one! My partner is going to love this! We're having clam chowder tonight. You won't believe what I found. What? Shut up! Those were in our scummy little water? Yeah. I'm going to throw them on the boil right away. Sweet! Oh. Man, africa provided. Ready to try some clams? So nervous. I've actually never eaten a clam. And I don't eat seafood at all back home. I will admit they're the worst clams I've ever had. They taste like chewy, chewy fish. Agh. Gah! Suck it up, dude, suck it up. Don't throw up. Don't do it. Don't say that word. Don't talk. Just don't talk. Just let me do this alone. Maybe I'll acquire a taste. Every calorie counts out here. Oh my god, you're about to cry. I am crying. How'd my life get here? How did I get here? I've been trying to sleep, and it is not happening out here. There's just this constant fear in the back of your head that our fire is going to go out, so you just can never relax. We are not doing good on sleep. Yep. That is our weakness out here. It's definitely the one thing I never thought about, though. Like, I was prepared to like, push through hunger pains and all that. But... - I was. - ...I guess I... I guess I just didn't stop and think about not sleeping. Yeah, just being exhausted. Yeah. You know, when you don't sleep well, the chemicals in your brain get off. So I'm just kind of like feeling low, unmotivated. But we still have to gather firewood and get water. And I'm trying to get a bunch of chores done in the morning before the sun really starts roasting us. It's brutal. So it's the morning of day 10. I did not sleep at all, not a wink. And I don't think andrew slept at all either. So we're very tired. It's messing with our heads a little bit. I laid down in the sand. I just closed my eyes and put my bag over my head, so the sun wasn't hurting my face, and I said, hi, mom. I heard her voice. I told her I can't sleep. She said, make your bed. I said, I can't, there's nothing here. She said, are you comfortable now? I said, yeah. She said, what's under you? I told her I'm laying in the sand. She said, take it in there. I told her, I can't, it would take three hours. I only have two hands. Baby girl, you're wearing a bag. I hope she's proud. Elizabeth, is your sand bag comfy? Mm-hmm. I know, babe. We're both there today. But we're together. Mom gave you some good advice, to lay down in the sand. She knew it'd help you. My mom could survive anything. So can her daughter. I couldn't ask for a better partner than andrew. He is there for me emotionally 100%. Just 11 days. Holy! There is a two-foot snake. He's right there. Get the knife, get the knife. Where is it? Where is it? Grab it. Grab it. - Come over here. - Grab it. - Over here! - Grab it. Get it, get it, get it, get. Right here. I got it! I got it, I got it! Ah, ah! Right there. The eastern stripe-bellied sand snake is venomous, but the venom of the snake is mild, and has no effect on humans. Do you know how to skin a snake? Yeah. Do you want to do it? Yeah. Ok, it's all yours. The snake is pretty good. Mm. You know what it has that we were missing? Salt. Tastes like chicken, really. So this is the snake huntress of south africa. Yeah! Show me your superhero face. Ooh! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Ugh, this tick bite is killing me. Ah, ugh! Ow, I definitely got stung by something. Ow! Add something to the fire, please. Oh. It was probably a scorpion. So I just got stung by a scorpion on my middle finger. It just burns in waves. It is awful. Oh, my god, there it goes again. Oh, I can't even explain how much this hurts. Ah! It just gets worse! So that bird that we thought was getting eaten last night? Yeah? That's just what it sounds like all the time. Ha! The dramatic bird. Yes, dramatic bird. And there's a bird down by the water, and it sounds like it's saying, hurray! Hurray! Stop talking to the birds, andrew. It's the loudest place I've ever heard. It sounds like a drunk frat party. Ah! It just gets worse! I don't see him. If the pain from the scorpion sting doesn't subside by morning, it could be a sign of a potentially fatal allergic reaction. That is the last thing I want to do is be sleeping in here with a scorpion. Well, just keep an eye on it. At sunrise, elizabeth is still experiencing pain from her scorpion sting, so the medic is called in to evaluate her. Please tell me what happened. I laid down, and I got a prick in the side of my finger. - Yeah? And at first, I was like, I think I got stung. And then it started to really hurt, and started to like, spread to my wrist. I'm pretty sure it was a scorpion bite. I see a definite puncture wound. Yeah? I treated it more like a bee sting, and just kind of let it go. And then it just like, progressively got worse. So future notice, if you get stung by a scorpion, call the medic immediately. After examining elizabeth, the medic checks on andrew's tick bites. Your skin has broken down, lost a dermal layer here. Yeah, it's really pus-y in there. Andrew's tick bites have become severely infected, and are showing signs of mrsa, a dangerous bacterial infection. If mrsa enters the bloodstream, it can cause organ failure. This is not going to be pleasant. Oh god! The medic must drain the wound immediately. And andrew will not receive any anesthetic. It's going to hurt. Stay with me, man. Ah! Ow, ow! Ah, stop right there, stop! Ah, that hurts! When I first saw andrew's injury, the infection that had already set in there... If he went without treatment, it could prove to be fatal. I'm also not sure what kind of scorpion has stung elizabeth. This also has me concerned. With both survivalists in potentially dangerous conditions, the medical staff and producer meet to assess the situation. Considering everything that we found out today... In andrew's condition, he already has an infection. So to be clear, he has high temperature, he's running a fever? Yes, with a pulse rate of 104. It's not ideal. This is not how we wanted the challenge to go for them, but let's go talk to them. So the results from the med check were cause for serious concern. Riann can explain. I think for your well-being, which I think is compromised, I think we need to medically tap both of you. Ok. I think I thought of every scenario. But being medically tapped for a bug just wasn't one of them. I just... I don't know, I don't have words for it. But I'm so glad that I got to be here. After 13 days of working closely together to secure food, ward off predators, and survive in the inhospitable african bush, andrew and elizabeth's challenge was abruptly cut short by two of africa's small but deadly threats. The grueling experience caused elizabeth to lose a total of 23 pounds. Her psr drops from 7.0 to 6.6. Andrew's psr lowers from 6.8 to 6.4. He leaves the challenge 22 pounds lighter than when he began. No one will know what this was but us, so we'll have to share that forever. Your mom's going to be proud. You know that. And my dad will be proud. Some people didn't even make it this far. Well, I love you, africa, despite all these... The thorns and the pus and the bugs and the scorpions. It was worth it. We're coming back. I don't think I couldn't have asked for a better partner than andrew. And I think we will be lifelong friends. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 