Naked and Afraid: Season 12, Episode 2 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Naked and Afraid 
 s12e2 - Little Person, Big Challenge - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Naked and Afraid (2013–…): Season 12, Episode 2 - Little Person, Big Challenge - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Ow. It is hot out here already. I bet the sand is going to be cooking. This is no joke. Probably the harshest environment I've ever stepped into. In the southern tip of namibia is an unforgiving wasteland, where temperatures can reach more than 115 degrees. The only source of water for more than 120 miles in either direction is the orange river, 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 which carves a thin strip of life through the middle of this desolate desert. This looks like exactly some place that snakes are going to call home. I definitely need to be careful because I'm just on the appetizer menu. Inhabitants of this barren landscape are rare, but often deadly. Leopards, hyena, and puff adder vipers, whose potent venom make them one of the deadliest snakes in all of africa. I'm feeling good. I'm feeling ready to do this. But I'd be lying if I said I wasn't bloody nervous. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 My name's adam. I'm from queensland, australia. I used to be a coal miner. After working in the mines for a very long time, I realized that wasn't for me. Since then, I've just been traveling australia. I'm definitely in australia what we call a bushie. A bushie in australia is someone who doesn't mind living remote. They're usually allergic to cities. I'm pretty confident my skills. I've currently been eating only the meat that I've been bow hunting. I love making fire. Hand drill is my preferred method. I grew up catching animals, and small lizards, and bugs. In the australian bush, you have to know what you're doing because we have so many animals that will kill you. There's not many signs of life. There's no water. This is going to be brutal. For about four years, I've been in the bush the whole time spending a lot of time with the indigenous people there. I'm doing this challenge because, for me, this is a rite of passage to find my whole self. I'm feeling pretty confident. I'm ready to get out there and get into this. My name is samantha. I'm from roanoke, virginia. And I'm a biologist. Understanding a lot of the animal behavior as a biologist is going to be helpful in this situation. I've been a survivalist my whole life. I have learned my survival skills basically on my own. I would research something, and I'd go out and do it. Do not underestimate me. I may appear small, but I can lift twice my body weight in a squat. I know how to hunt. I know how to fish. I know how to build traps for fish, build dead falls. I feel like I can get through anything. I'm getting a little bit nervous. 21 days out here seems like a very long time right now. Part of what has really driven me in my life is being told that I wasn't good enough. And that has a lot to do with why I prefer to work alone. A lot of the times, I don't always communicate in the best way. So coming out here, one of the things that I'm really hoping to learn from and grow from is working with somebody else and being able to compromise and get things done constructively. All righty, this must be it. Time to get naked. The ground is hot. Wow. Sweet lord. Here we go. No turning back now. There's nothing easy about this. We got hail. Woo, my heart's racing. If you don't fight, you won't make it. It's so hard! This is going to be bloody brutal. I cannot see any signs of water. After spending the last four years living within the australian bush, adam enters the challenge confident in his skills. But the harsh african desert could be more than he bargained for. Adam begins with a psr, or primitive survival rating, of 7.1. Samantha's self-taught survival skills complement her strong physical fitness. But her tendency to work alone could complicate her partnership during this challenge, earning her an initial psr of 6.2. Hello, naked man. Good day. How's it going? It's nice to meet you. I'm samantha. Adam. So this is killing my feet already. Bloody hot. It's so cold back in virginia where I'm from right now. So this quite a shock to my system. Where are you from? Australia. Yeah, you've come a long way. As you can tell. Yeah, you're a little pink already. Yeah, I know. I'm kind of used to it from australia. But, yeah, it's still pretty warm I guess. Adam seems like a strong, capable guy. I mean, what girl doesn't like the australian accent. Well, are you ready? I'm ready for this. Let's see what we have. Samantha seems pretty nice, down to earth, pretty strong, fit. And, yeah, you know, I think that's going to help out here. Samantha and adam have been given a pot to boil water, and each brought along a personal item. A knife and a fire starter. Looks like I have the map. Ah. Wow. Oh, there's heaps of water. I'm really happy to see that. But, geez, probably about right up here by this tree. That is a long way to our extraction point, and it's in the desert. We're probably going to have to break that up, move every five or six days to make it there in 21 days. Yeah, and probably stick close to the river instead of going straight through the desert because that has to be, like, 20 miles. Yeah. To reach their extraction point, samantha and adam will need to cover 21 miles in 21 days. The first 2 miles of their journey will take them over scorching sand to the closest section of the orange river, which will serve as their lifeline and passage way out of the barren land. But the river also attracts dangerous wildlife... Venomous water snakes, jackals that communicate with high pitched towers and yelps before attacking their prey, and territorial baboons who use their sharp canine teeth and powerful limbs to defend their troop. Oh, look at all the babboons. Yeah, can we stay as far away from them as possible? Yeah. All right, it looks like the water's down there. So... Yeah, let's... Let's hit the road. ...Head towards all the green stuff. This ground is bloody? Hot. Yeah, this is so hot. Oh. Oh, that's hot. Lord. The surface temperature has got to be upwards of 120 degrees. Yeah, this is way more harsh than I thought it was going to be. Oh. Oh, my gosh. Oh. I'll climb up here and see if I can see something. I'm seeing trees. That's a long way to go. Oh, my gosh. I really hope there's some shade because... Yeah. ...Walking on the sand... I'm not going to be able to do it for long. Yeah. But, I mean, we... We have no choice. Yeah. Where is the river? How are your feet going? They're rough. They hurt. Oh, lord. I hope I don't end up with blisters. Yeah, it's hot. Oh, my gosh. I think we need to just make a run for the trees and get some shade. It's pretty rough on my feet. I think I'm just going to go for it. All right, you ready? Let's go. Are you ready? Let's do it. Ow. I've never done anything like that before. I didn't even think australia was that hot. Well, virginia is definitely not this hot. Good job, man. I wasn't prepared for that. I can hear water. And it looks pretty thick, but can't imagine it might be the easier path. It definitely opens up to the river. Good. Come on. Let's go. What are you seeing? I can see water. Water. I'm so excited right now. Babboons. They're everywhere. We need to go. Run. Run. Baboons. That was crazy. The baboons are pretty pissed. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, like, the baboons right there must be, like, coming down here to roost at nighttime. Probably. And it looks like a good place for them to come for a drink, to. Like, there are poos everywhere here. Yeah, it is. I think we'd be in trouble if we stayed here tonight because those baboons are just way too close for me. I'm thinking, like, on the map kind of has this little bit of a sandy area. And swim the river instead of the desert. The desert is too hot. Yeah, with the baboons here, I think it might be better to go for a swim. All right, let's do it. This place that we came in seems like we could make a shelter and stay here for the night, but there's way too much baboon activity, and I don't want to be anywhere near that at night to get attacked. So we need to get out of here. Let's get as far away from those baboons as we possibly can. They definitely know we're here. They're not happy. It's so thick. Not good. Keep both eyes open. There are leopards and baboons around here. Definitely. I'm hoping to find a good camp spot soon because I don't know if we have much time left today. Yeah. We've got a lot of work still to do. Yeah. I can see a sandy spot. Yeah. I'm hopeful we can make camp there. Hopefully. Well, this looks a bit better. Yeah, looks better than where we came from. Yeah. Should we go to have a look around? Let's see what we can find. Oh, these are hot too, though. This doesn't look too bad in here. If we build the boma, we can chop this out as well. So, like, it won't be so bad to walk back down here. Let's do it. To protect themselves against predators, samantha and adam are building a thorny enclosure, known in southern africa as a boma. Ow. This is all thorny. We'll be able to build a decent shelter, and not have to actually build very much to cut down on the energy we're using because a lot of it is just already built for us. It's coming together pretty well. I mean, it's looking pretty good. I think it's time we move on to fire and... Get some water. Yeah, I'm starting to get pretty thirsty. Yeah, me, too. Fire is absolutely crucial out here. Yay, so excited. Yes. Because we need to boil water and we need to keep predators away from us. We've got shelter. We've got fire. We'll have water tonight. This is definitely better than where we came in. I'm so glad that we're away from those babboons. Yeah. We're resting in the nice little shelter that we've made. Day one has been a massive day. I'm really proud of us. We are about to go to bed. So tired. Good night. What are you doing up in the tree? Trying to get some of this willow to make the fish basket. Do you need a hand? I think that's enough for now. Touchdown. Very graceful. It's not pretty, but it's... it will function. I just don't feel like I'm very helpful with the... Getting warm. The fish seem to be hanging around right about there. Good job. Already got a fish trapped in the water. Best partner ever. Morning. I'm about to put some ash on and get hunting. To stop me from getting sunburn. I think my nose is a little bit sunburned because I didn't put ash on it. Yesterday, I was a bit down on the fact that I didn't feel like I was pulling my weight. So I'm going to try harder today to try to make amends. Time to go hunting. The plan is to head out to the desert for potential new food sources. Find some scorpions, or snakes, or anything really. I'm seeing plenty of... Plenty of animal tracks, but I just can't believe I'm not seeing anything. I finally made it up to the desert, and rocks, and hills. Hopefully, I'll find some scorpions and snakes. Fingers crossed. Nothing. That wasn't me. So I can hear a bit of a hum. It's definitely up here. Yeah, you could hear them so loud. Yes, definitely here. Oh, yeah, I can see them. Don't know how to walk past it. This is a pretty large cave actually. I don't know how keen I am to mess around with these guys. I don't know if getting stung to crap's worth getting a bit of honey. Well, that is a lot of comb there. They're really, really active. These lowland honey bees are ancestors of the killer bee. Although their venom is less lethal, a large number of stings can still be fatal. This is one of those risk versus reward scenarios. Things to think about. The sun's starting to pick up now. I think that's my cue to head back. Catch anything? No, I found a beehive. Honey would be amazing. It would be a lot of energy. Yeah. We've got to make it a long way down this river. Is it worth it? It's just the bees are the issue. As long as we smoke them really well, they get really docile. So... We could potentially take up a big piece of coal put it down, and just, like, really start a fire. That'd be good. Yeah, I'm ok with it. If I get stung too bad, like, I'm out. Definitely. I think I can hear them. Yeah, I hear a faint buzz. Man, I hope this is worth it. The risk is pretty high. And we're not sure if we're going to get any reward. But we have a lot of distance to still travel and we need some calories. So I'm hoping for the best. I'm thinking maybe I'll get a bit of a fire going in the pot, and then I'll empty it out. So we've got the pot of fire. The plan is to smoke the bees out, and hopefully they'll calm down enough so we can reach in and get some honey. The smoke masks the effect of alarm pheromones that are released by guard bees to alert the hive. The threat of fire also encourages the bees to focus on feeding before they are forced to flee. This disrupts the entire defense response of the bee hive. Oh. Did you get stung? No, there was a bee in my hair. I don't know if it's still there. It's absolutely full of smoke now. Oh, you've got one on you. Please don't let it sting you. Where is it? There are a couple of them. Don't make any sudden movement. This is intense. Oh, god. Oh, they're swarming. This is intense. Oh, god. Oh, they're swarming that stuff. You ok? Yeah. These bees, they gone crazy. That is so amazing. No! I think I might have been stung. Where? My chest. Oh, lord. Be careful. I'm going to push through. I want this honey. I'm getting stung. Please, be careful. Samantha, can you pass me the pot? Ugh, I'm coming. I'm coming. Here's the pot. Thank you. We're running out of smoke. Adam. Ok, I'm done. Ok. I'm done. How about that? I'd say this is a win. Oh, my god, that's so good. Adam is wild. I don't know what I would do out here without him. I definitely wouldn't have been able to get the honey by myself. So worth it. This is the craziest thing I've ever done. I never thought I'd be in africa stirring up bees for honey. Let's get home. Sorry, bees. We went and raided a honey nest. What a crazy bloody day. But that's a lot of reward. A mountain of that. And there's still... Look at all this honey. Like, dripping. That's how much honey we have. I don't even know how we're going to eat all this. But I feel freaking fantastic right now. Ooff. Yeah. We did it. Now we get to enjoy the sunset while eating honey. Who gets to do that? Who gets honey and a sunset like this? Anyway, see you later. We got some honey to enjoy. Bye. Nothing today. Ah,. Oh,. What? I can hear baboons down the river a bit. Not seeing them, but they sound close. Baboons can be pretty dangerous, like, if provoked. I'm definitely concerned that it looks like they're moving into camp. Something's stirring those baboons up. Yeah, maybe they're after our honey. I think that's a good motivation to get out of here. Yeah, I don't it. I think it's just time to make a little raft to carry our gear. And tomorrow we leave, head further down the river. We've got a long way to go. We need a way to float. I'm trying to make some rough cordage to just bundle up all these reeds. And the reeds float. We want to take the fish basket with us. We want to try to carry some honey from our pot. We need that honey for the energy. We cannot afford to lose our pot because we need to boil water. So it all needs to make it there. We also have a really long way to extraction. We have our main raft, and then we have our outrigger. This outrigger will just keep the raft upright so stuff doesn't fall off the raft. Should we test it out, get it in the water? All right. I think it'll be enough for the gear. Yeah, I think it'll be good. This raft does not look pretty, but it's going to work. Go on. We're hearing something kind of walk around the boma. Yeah. But our boma is pretty thick. I guess we'll see in the morning, hopefully. Where's the knife? Over there. You better be careful. That's not good. The, like, baboons are right there. These baboons, they just keep getting closer. And they can tear a human apart. How far is that? Like, not even probably 30 meters from our boma. Sounds like a grunt there as well. We should get out of here. We've got our honey. Yeah, this pot has to be tied down so good. Yeah, I'm going to tie it down. Let's hope that holds. There you go. Let's go. We're up. What is that? Look at that. Baboons in the tree. Thought we were getting away from the baboons. It's looking right at us. He is pissed off. Well, I think the further we get away from that guy the better. Fleeing the encroaching baboons, adam and samantha will have to navigate dangerous currents until they reach a calmer section of the river where deadly black mambas are known to cross. You see anything promising up ahead yet? Not yet. Like, that's the problem, that the sides are safe. I think there's no way we can get out of the river here. To swim down the river, the amount of energy we have to use is intense. Possibly might be some open areas up here. Well, I'm seeing something up ahead. Yeah. I can see a bit of, like, rocks, or sand, or something. Yeah. I don't know, but the water is picking up. Well, yeah, you might really feel it picking up now. Those are real rapids. Hold on to the honey. Hold on. Down they go. Hold on to the honey. This river is brutal. After that long trek down the river, we pretty much stopped, really, the first place that we could get into. But I've never put my body in a position to be this weak and feel this depleted. Thankfully, we have honey. All right. A little bit? Yeah, that's not good. How did that much get in there? Damn. It's not safe to eat. I'd hate to risk it. Yeah, we don't know what kind of feces and urine and bacteria and everything else is in this water. Yeah. This is going to be tough. It's going to be real tough. It's ok. This place is not forgiving. And I don't think it's going to get any easier. So I'm definitely struggling. We definitely needed a lot of the calories we got from the honey. So tomorrow I've got to figure out other resources and how to utilize them. I'm hungry. Yeah. Today's been pretty brutal. I would agree with that statement. I concur. Time to explore, see what food we can find, because we're going to need it. Food is the number one priority at the moment, but the sun's really going to kick our butts here with trying to be able to get food. There's heaps of fish in this one. Ohh. Might be a good place to put a fish basket. Yeah. If you chase them right up this end, once they're in this, it's going to be pretty easy to grab them. Sounds good. Ok. Decent size fish in here. Yeah, they're coming to the surface now. Yeah, I think this is going to work. Do you just want to stand here just to make sure they don't come back this way? My plan is, when the fish swim over, I'll lift the basket out and hopefully scoop up some fish. I see the cheeky buggers still swimming around. Cheeky buggers. You got any? Nah, nothing. I thought we were going to be eating fish today. This place is unpredictable. I'm actually starting to get pretty worried right now. I thought these fish in here were going to be easy to catch, but, yeah, it's getting serious now. Like, it's getting really bloody serious. We need food. I definitely don't feel like I'm pulling my weight. In the past seven days, adam and samantha have consumed less than 500 calories and burned over 40,000. Triple digit heat is also causing them to lose more water than they can take in, putting them at risk of heatstroke and dehydration. Bastard. I don't think I've ever felt like this before, no energy left. I'm just hoping we get a win soon and we get some food because, I mean, I'm absolutely zapped today. Like, I have zero fuel in my tank. Yeah, I'm really starting to feel it. I can see samantha's hurting right now, and that's what's pushing me on to try to do everything I can to get us some food, because we still have miles to go to extraction. I'm tired, hungry. My body is slowing down. Everything feels like this massive task at this point just because my mind is like, oh, you need to do so many things and my body is just like, nothing left. Samantha, samantha. No energy. It'll pass. We can do it. We're getting to 21 together. No energy. We can do it. We're getting to 21 together. I don't know. What if I don't get any energy? How am I going to do stuff? A little tough, I know. You have it in you. You got this. Do you want to that last bit of water and I'll go grab some fresh stuff? Ok. She's struggling. And I hope things change. I'm really hoping she recovers because it's not good. Bloody... bloody worried. How are you feeling this morning? Very tired. This area is just not providing what we need to make it to the end of this challenge. So it's going to suck, but I think we need to move. It's definitely time to move on from here. I'm a little worried. Very low on energy. Yeah. I think we should be good. We'll just hold onto the raft. Try not to use too much energy and just let the river float us down. Yeah. If we could get a decent meal, I know that I could bounce back. So I'm just trying to stay positive and hope that the next location brings some easier food. All right, it's time for this ship to set sail. Fingers crossed where we find down the river is better than here. Samantha and adam are now heading into a narrow, fast moving section of the orange river, where monitor lizards roam the shores, defending themselves with large tails and sharp claws. The first area where they might be able to make camp is 3 and 1/2 miles down river. It is pretty hard to steer this thing. No energy. Whoa, this stuff's serious. It's so hard to get around these reeds. They're everywhere. You get tangled up in them. And there's not much you can do when you're in the current with zero energy. It looks like an all right area, so this might be a good stop. It's definitely a lot different than where we were. I feel like we're going to wake up with some bruises. Yeah. We're halfway now. Let's have a little look around. Yeah. Oh, god, that hurts. The ground looks not so bad in here. Pretty thick, so I don't think it'd be too hard to build a bit of a boma around this. There's a bit of sand, actually. I'm good with it. Yeah. How you holding up? So tired. I'm dizzy and disoriented. I don't know if my body can make it to day 21. This is crazy. So exhausted. I'm worried that I'll be attempting this challenge alone. I'm really concerned. I don't know if she can keep this up. I've never really had somebody take care of me the way adam has, and that makes me feel terrible. I just don't know what else to do. I think we scared it off. We made a heck of a lot of noise. Yeah. I think we'll be all right. Yeah. I hope so. Heaps of jackal footprints around here. Last night, there was definitely a jackal around the camp. There's plenty of jackal tracks. So they're checking us out. It's been pretty tough so far. We still have 12 miles to go to extraction. We are definitely in need of some food. There's fish in some ponds not far from here. So I'm thinking I'm going to try to work out how to catch them. Found three pretty straight reeds. See if I can make some kind of spear. Acacia spine seem to be just the right size. So you're just going to put the thorns in the end of it? Yeah, that's the idea. There's no shortage of spines on this tree. That's how it works. That one. See if I can make something happen. Good luck. I have been having a lot of self-doubt in my skills. I've used so much energy and still haven't really received any reward yet. There's fish. Even one small fish would be so much for me right now. Oh. This is like trying to hit a needle in a haystack. You're joking. You know, my barbs are starting to fall apart. I feel like crap. We need protein badly. I feel that it was my job to provide food, and I've really struggled. I went fishing this morning with no luck, unfortunately, but I might jump in the water and try to find some clams. Something primal has clicked in me. My vision has tunneled, animal instinct, primal caveman thing. And alls I'm thinking about is food and to get us both across the line. Found a couple clams. Got a good little collection going now. The much needed protein that I've needed so bad. What you doing? Oh, my god. 50 clams. I am so happy. Ah. Holy crap. Every time I turn around, there you go doing something awesome. It's definitely going to help us, considering we're moving in a couple days. Yeah, this could just not have come at a better time. Cheers. Cheers. I don't know what I would do without adam out here. I really appreciate his work ethic and his persistence. I didn't have much energy going into the stretch, not sure how much longer I would have been able to go. So good. I'm thinking I might go grab the raft this morning so we can patch it up because it got pretty banged up on the way here. So I think we definitely need another stop along the way for extraction. Yeah, definitely. I just... I want to make shoes for extraction. Definitely have been feeling better because of the food source. Yeah, like, another day of clams is... I'm not going to say no to that. We will have to move because we've still got a fair way to go. And we're going to need a break, definitely, before extraction. So we're just making the most of this location before we move on. Sounds good. This thing's pretty beat up now. Definitely seen better days. I think we'll be able to tie it up and it'll live again. There's a ton of bark on a lot of these dead trees that are perfect for shoes. These shoes are pretty crucial. There is no way we can walk through the desert with bare feet. I learned that on insertion day. I'm hoping that the shoes will help show how much I appreciate everything he's doing. I hope that, you know, it helps with the fact that I haven't been able to contribute quite like he has. I'm pretty happy about that. I have finally completed the shoes. Adam's big feet to the right, my little feet to the left. Might head back into the shade. It's already pretty hot out here. So... all right. I've heard something in the reeds over here. Holy. A water monitor. I'm going to try and catch it. Holy. Hey, samantha, get over here. Ah. A water monitor. Holy. Hey, samantha, get over here. Ah, damn it. So close. Damn it. I almost got one of the water monitors, but I bloody slipped and tripped just at the last minute. Damn lizard. It's super frustrating to know that he's, like, right there and we can't grab him. It was a big one, too. It would've been a lot of food. Damn it. I can't believe I missed it. I was so close. Those baboons are back. It's really hard to sleep right now. Something's got the baboons worked up. They are not happy. So yeah, that's probably not good. Keep both eyes open for the moment. Pretty rough. We found some tracks. A big baboon. So that doesn't make us feel better that they're on this side of the river also. Not very happy about that. We're probably better off starting to move sooner rather than later. Sounds good. I think we're pretty good. The plan is to head about another 4 or 5 miles. We've got a lot of ground to cover. With 4 days left and 10 miles to cover to reach their extraction point, samantha and adam continue their journey west. As they get into higher elevations, the currents will get stronger, aiding them in their journey, but the river and air temperatures will get significantly cooler. Today is the longest we've traveled so far. So I'm definitely feeling it. We're headed straight for this big rock. Yeah, kick, kick, kick, kick, kick. Let's bail around the... The other side, yeah. What the... It's starting to open up. It looks like there could be some good resources here. Ok. Plus, you know, I don't think I have much more left in me. Let's see what's up on this little island. These baboons sound pretty close. We definitely want to stay on this side of the river. I'm not making camp over there with them. I hope they stay over there then. There's a lot of game trails. We might be in a pretty prime spot as far as getting something to eat, hopefully. Hopefully. Feeling pretty exhausted. All the days of exerting myself pretty hard previously caught up with me. And my body's just giving up on me. He's feeling really tired today. So I'm trying to collect firewood, boil water. I know he's struggling. And I know exactly what that's like because I was there already in this challenge. It sucks. What I noticed sitting by the river that these fish are really attracted to acacia beans falling from the trees. So I've chummed the water around the basket hoping that they will go after it and I'll be able to catch a few fish. There's like four of them, that it would be pretty good. Oh, he got away. Feeling, like, definitely low energy now. Like, everything seems like a massive job just to... Just to get up even. We both need a bit more energy than what we've got. The extraction's going to be tough. It is. Africa is kicking our butts. Day 20. Today is the last day for extraction. Running on no sleep and no energy. So this is going to be so bloody tough tomorrow. I caught a fish! Adam, I caught one! Stop stabbing me. That's a decent one, too. Holy crap. Oh, yes! It's freaking incredible. To see, like, adam light up about this tiny fish just made me so excited. Well, that is so cool. I'm so happy. It seems like whenever one of us is struggling the other person seems to fix it somehow, and we're just constantly there for each other. And so it makes me feel really good to get him some protein because I know he's been struggling. I think I'm more happy about the smile on your face. Yeah, like, I can't hold it in.. Day 20, and we got protein. It's a little bit, but it'll do. Thank you. You're welcome. Well, I needed that pretty badly, that little bit of a protein hit. And to witness samantha catch that fish just... It's just made my day. Yeah. They're good when you don't burn them to a crisp. Ohh. There's a bit of a thunderstorm going on in the background, but hopefully we don't get wet. Fingers crossed. Whoa. It is very early on day 21. I was really hoping for a good night's sleep, but it's been super cold tonight. Really, really, really windy now. And it's starting to rain. I was not expecting that this morning. There's a lot of thunder and lightning going on. So our extraction is today. So hopefully keep my fire going a little bit longer, keep warm, and get some more sleep. I'm freezing my butt off. Holy crap. If you could be any character in "star wars," who would you be? I'm a big han solo fan. Who would you be? It's obvious, chewbacca. Oh. See, that's why we're perfect together. Chewy and han. Oh, yeah. Duh! So it's extraction day. I'm cold still. Last night was terrible. This is going to be our last chance to warm up before we get in the water right now. Not looking forward to that at all. So we're about here. Yeah. We're going to have to be in the water for a while, so this is going to be a test. Here we go. Didn't get a lot of sleep last night. It was super cold. But I'm running on a lot of excitement right now. Hopefully I can use that all the way to the end because I know it's going to be rough today. Set to go. Oh, it's cold. In order to reach their extraction, samantha and adam will first need to endure 3 miles on the river in 62 degree water, then they'll need to trek 2 miles by foot through the barren desert over scalding terrain with no source of shade or water until they reach the top of a lone hill where they'll be able to spot their extraction vehicle. I don't think I've ever been this cold. Oh, it's a nightmare. I'm losing feeling in my hands. Even under the hot desert sun, cold water draws heat from the body 25 times faster than air, dangerously accelerating the risk of hypothermia. I don't know how much longer I can do it. I'm cold. I think I'm worried about hypothermia. Holy crap. I think I can see some rocks. The rock formation on the map? Yeah. I think we can climb up that log. Ok. Are you good? Oh, time to get out. Of here. Holy crap. Oh, it's freezing. I can't even feel my hands. I can my feel my teeth chattering. Oh, that's insane to go from the cold water. To this. To leave the greenery of the river and back into the harsh dry heat of the desert is just such a massive shock to the body. Holy, , that water was called. I'm still shaking. Baboons again. Maybe it's a good idea to get going sooner rather than later. All right, into the desert. Oh, it's getting hot already. Freezing to scorching. In a matter of minutes. Yeah. Oh, my legs are so tired from that swim. I'm glad we have these shoes because I don't think this would be good to walk on otherwise. Yeah. The farther you get away from the river, it's just sheer, open area, no shade. My whole body's in agony. Holy cow. I don't know how much longer I can be out here. I can see the hill up here. Yeah, I think this is it. Man, my mouth is dry. I am completely exhausted. I have nothing left in the tank. We're going to have a look around and see what we can say. Got to be able to see something from there. Oh, my gosh. Is that a car? Ah. Oh, my god, there's a car. Woo! Ahh! We did it! Woo-hoo-hoo! I was just happy. Got me so pumped. I am exploding with emotion. And it's a relief. Like, it is honestly a relief. We did it! Made it! Yes! Woo! Let's get out of here. Getting into this vehicle with adam is kind of surreal. It's almost like a dream. We finished this challenge, 21 days on the orange river in africa. And I could not be more proud of us. Oh, my god. Thank you, africa. I've learned that it is ok to open up to someone. I've never really relied on somebody. I've never asked for help. That's never been easy for me. So what got me through was that I had adam there to support me and motivate me. I made a lifelong friend. We actually did it. We did it. We really did it. Best thing I've ever done in my life, to come out and survive and build a friendship along the way. There's nothing like a challenge this hard to really open your eyes and make you realize your full potential. I'm just completely humbled by this whole experience. This has pushed me beyond the edges of my limitations, I believe. And to know that in the hardest moments of my life I found a way and made it to the end. So I'm really happy about that. During this 21 day nomadic journey, adam lost 22 pounds. His psr increases to 7.5. Samantha lost 19 pounds. Her primitive survival rating rises to 7.0. Adam, we did it! Woo! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 