Krypton: Season 1, Episode 7 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Krypton 
 s1e7 - Transformation - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Krypton (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 7 - Transformation - full transcript 
 After a failed coup, Daron punishes the conspirators; Lyta and Dev go in search of Jayna. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 General Zod is Superman's greatest enemy. Has traveled back through time to get here. I'm your son. Brainiac takes Kandor City causing the planet to explode. Your friend here didn't mention that. This whole time you knew, and you said nothing! Seg, you cannot trust this man! I know I should've told you before, but, I mean, what was I supposed to say? "By the way, your world's gonna explode." 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I've learned of a hidden weapon that would give - even Brainiac pause. - It's called Doomsday. The Cythonnites... this Doomsday is what they're sworn to protect. Find your Zeta-Beam gadget and ride it back to wherever you came from and never come back! Why do you want to save Lyta Zod? - Because I love her. - Will you help her? She's a traitor. If we don't stop Lyta's execution, we lose Jayna. Pledge your support to my father. Help us overthrow the Voice of Rao. One word from you, and she is saved. This world will only improve... 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Under your leadership? It is time to look to the future. There's only one left to complete the team, Commander Dev-Em. Perhaps it's time you saw who it is you vowed to serve. Play one of the best new FPS shooters, search Steam for PROJECT WARLOCK Primus! Please, Primus, help! Help! You are being given a precious gift. Freedom from your concerns and attachments. You have now glimpsed the infinite intelligence and seen the deliverance that I bring. Are you ready to serve? Are you ready to be the instruments of my will? We found him in a skimmer heading for Argo City. Praise be to Rao that you are unharmed. Leave us. I will personally see to it that the savages that perpetrated this attack are dealt with swiftly. No mercy shall be shown. We will make Black Zero bleed for... I find it curious that the Chief Magistrate would be out of the city as a coup attempt was taking place. You can't possibly believe that I had anything to do with this. I was on a diplomatic mission. There was nothing nefarious about my absence. - It was merely... - Coincidence? Your Eminence, please. I would... You are lying. So easy to tell with your species. Intensified breathing, elevated heart rate, the pheromones you generate, all are windows into your limited nature. There is nothing you can hide from me. I had no part in this. My allegiance belongs to you. Look at me. None are worthy to look upon the Voice of Rao's face. There is no Voice of Rao. Only the agent of Brainiac. Checking the rear perimeter now. I'm getting a very bad feeling about this. That's the third patrol we've seen in the last two blocks. It's the last day of Nova Cycle. Why is there no one drunk and running naked through the streets? How are you holding up? I just need to catch my breath. Something must have happened to warrant the extra security. We gotta get him to a Guild hospital right now. He is a wanted terrorist. We won't get past the checkpoint. Oh, shit. Morning. Hi. He... don't worry about him. He's just another casualty of the Nova celebrations, if you know what I mean. I'm gonna take him home. S-home... that way. I'll handle it myself. It's all good. You have 20 minutes before the curfew begins. Thanks, guys. Thanks for keeping us safe. You guys have a good one, now. Come on, we're moving. Where are we taking him? Only place we can. Are you here to destroy us? Don't be foolish. I'm here to save you. - From what? - Entropy. I will lead this city into a glorious new future. Your way of life preserved for all eternity. Then you and I share the same goals... the same vision. Let me serve you. An interesting offer. Let's put your newfound loyalty to the test. If I detect deception, you die. Who was behind this coup attempt? I was, it... Along with Primus Zod. We also had the support of five members of the Supreme Council. Why did you wish your leader dead? He was an ignorant zealot who peddled false hopes in a nonexistent god. You don't believe in this sun god of yours. Why? My parents... worshiped the goddess of ice, Cythonna. After the Cataclysm, all religions except Raoism were banned but unofficially tolerated. When the Voice of Rao was anointed, he initiated the Great Purge, and those who did not convert were killed and disappeared. And my parents refused. And I never saw them again. All I know is... their god couldn't save them any more than Rao could save his prophet from you. What's the point of believing in something that has no power? So what do you believe in? Myself. I took action because I could see that I was the only one in this city with the vision and strength to lead. And do you still hold to that belief? No. Perhaps you may be useful after all. Tell me... how would you deal with these traitors? They must be publicly executed. All of them. A message must be sent. The people will expect it. Let it be done. I do have one more question. Have you given me the names of all the conspirators? Nyssa-Vex, my daughter... She was also involved. Then she must be executed too. Correct? I ask you to allow me to... Handle this matter. Very well. - What's going on? - Nyssa-Vex, you've been placed under arrest and confined - to your quarters. - Under whose authority? Chief Magistrate Daron-Vex. And that is why you can't see a Rondor Beast's testicles when it walks. - I mean... - Kem! Seg, where have you been, and who is this guy? Get everyone out of here. Now. - Now! - Okay. All right, everybody out! Finish your drinks! We're closed! Let's go! Now. Come on, let's go. Come on. Go home to your families. They miss you. - Hey. - Closing time. Leave your drinks. Pay me tomorrow. You know, it's customary to bring drunk people out of the bar. Yeah, bring him to the store room. Come on, I'll get some fresh towels. Come here. He's getting worse. He needs a medic. - Okay, I'm on it. - Hey, wh-what are you doing? All communications are being monitored. - You should know that. - Why? What do you mean? Seriously, you don't know? There was a failed coup attempt. They're looking for the conspirators. The whole city's on lockdown. See? They're saying that she orchestrated the whole thing. It's a lie. My mother would never betray the state. I'm just telling you what the official line is, okay? They've rounded up everyone else except for her, and I think they're looking for you too. And there is one more thing. The lovely man that you made me boot out of here, well, he works as a clerk in the Tower of Justice. Apparently Nyssa-Vex has been arrested. She's accused of being part of the coup. Seg, they're gonna execute her. Sorry. Hello, Adam. Is there something I can help you with? Jesus H. Christ. Well, you can start by not scaring the shit out of me - every time you enter the room. - My apologies. That's the mechanism that brought you here. Yeah, I need your help to fix it. - It's urgent. - Very well. I'll need to run a structural analysis. Ah, ah, ah! Hmm, you seem quite proficient with the operating systems. Well, I haven't unlocked the adult movies yet, so your fortress still holds some secrets. Where's Seg? No idea. Oh, I'd... I'd offer you a drink, but what'd be the point? You're not a real boy. I appreciate the tactful reminder. You seem quite distressed. Is there anything I can assist you with? Oh, can you shoot lasers from your eyes and bench press the Sun? I'm afraid that's beyond my capabilities. Then just get that damn thing working. Why is it so important? Because I gotta get the hell out of here, all right? And where are you going? Home. The tissue's badly damaged. His cells may not be able to regenerate, but I'll do what I can. This will stabilize him during the procedure. We need to find my mother. I'll get you a change of clothes. Ven. What is it? Nyssa. They're gonna kill her. She's not your responsibility. I can't just stand by and do nothing. If you go up to the Guilds, you're putting your life in unnecessary danger. So I'm supposed to let her die? A Vex murdered your grandfather. And a Zod murdered my parents. Just tell me why you would risk your life to save her. Because when I asked, she was willing to save yours. Just be careful. If I find my mother, we meet back here. Your mother's favorite song. She always played it when you had trouble getting to sleep. I always admired your courage, Nyssa. As a child, nothing frightened you except failure. That's why you are my favorite. Please understand I tried to protect you. But there is no other way. Call for help, and you die. A curfew's in effect for this sector. All unauthorized citizens must return to their residences immediately. One by one, search 'em out. It's me. Dev. What is going on? Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you. What happened? Did my mother really try to kill the Voice of Rao? Yes. - And I stood with her. - Why? Because I've always trusted her. - But something happened. - What? We went to kill a man and found a monster. An alien. I-I don't know. Blasters were useless. We didn't have a chance. Brainiac. You know who this creature is? Yes. Has my mother tried to contact you? I've been trying to find her. Come with me. I might have an idea where she is. Tell anyone about this, and you'll wish the Genesis Chamber never spat you out. These should do the trick for where we're going. Thanks. I'm glad you're with me. What's wrong? When I visited you in your cell... you said you loved me. Do you really mean it? We've known each other since we were children. - Of course I love you. - That's not what I meant. I thought I was going to die. You were there for me. You've always been there for me. I... I just wanted you to know how much that means to me. Thank you. For what? Caring enough to lie. Come on. Up until the moment you pulled the trigger, I didn't really think you would do it. - Nyssa, please, I... I can... - Shut up! You don't get to talk. All my life, I have watched you betray and destroy everyone around you. But I always held up hope that I was different. - You are. - I actually fooled myself into believing that in your own way you might actually love me. I do. I do love you, Nyssa. I gave up everything to please you. I sacrificed my friendships, my morality, even my own ambition! You molded me to be your perfect political ally. I taught you the skills you needed to survive in th... No! You taught me how to manipulate people, then discard them when they've outlived their usefulness. I learned that lesson well. It doesn't matter if she's under arrest. As her intended, I have every right to speak with her. Take it up with the Lawmakers Guild. If you touch me with that thing one more time, I'm gonna shove it so far up your ass, you're gonna taste it. Yes, Magistrate? You can go in. You killed my grandfather when he tried to warn you about Brainiac. And now you are working for him. - I had no choice. - There's always a choice. You just made the wrong one. How's he gonna take the city? I don't know what you're talking about. Your new master is going to rip Kandor from the ground and enslave all of us. I need to know how he's going to do it so I can stop him. I have no idea. And even if it were true, you're deluding yourself if you think you have the power to stop him. Better to live under his rule than to die. Coward. You won't live to see it. Killing me won't get you past the guards. - I can help you. - We'll take our chances. Think this through, Nyssa! Even if somehow you leave this room alive, you won't get out of the Guilded Area. The Sagitari know you're a traitor. You won't even make it down the hallway. - You need me. - Not anymore. Wait. I want him dead just as much as you do. But he's right. We're gonna need him to get out of here. If those guards hear blaster fire, they're gonna be all over us. Trust me. His time will come. Thank you. Guards, guards, come quick... I was an idiot to think I could save him. - Who? - Big blue, the Boy Scout, the Man of Steel. God, he's got a lot of nicknames. You know why? He's a hero. Heroes get nicknames. What was your nickname? I don't have one. You said you're a great hero of your planet. I lied. Apparently, that's my superpower... lying. No, I'm a wannabe. D-lister. Can't fly, have no super strength, no power ring. No, the only thing I had going for me was that Zeta-Beam device, and now that's broken. God, I suck. So you making any progress on this thing or what? I gotta get out of here. Why are you in such a hurry? You know, you ask a lot of questions. You sure you're not a cop? No, your grandson doesn't want me here anymore. But you came here to help us save our world. - Why would Seg... - Because I... screwed up. Again. So I'm going back to Earth to... Send someone with a goddamn nickname. Black Zero. They're in there. Search the room! Hey, you can get us out of here, right? This way. She was definitely here! It's good to see you, Dev. I feared I was the only one to escape. You were, Primus. But I'm here to correct that mistake. What has he done to you? He showed me the wonders of the universe, knowledge I never knew existed, things you can't even imagine. He's made me better, given me purpose. And what is that? To serve something greater than weak and flawed leaders. I serve a being who has power over death. With him, there will be no more pain, no more suffering. Imagine never having to lose anyone ever again. Come with me back to Kandor. He will show you. He will open your minds the way he has mine. And if we don't? Then you will die here! - Are you hurt? - I'm fine. You did what had to be done. You've failed. How... unsurprising. I swear... I had every intention of carrying out your orders. I know you did. If I sensed even for a moment that you were lying, you'd already be dead. You may keep your life... for now. Your Eminence... there is one other matter I would like to address. The end of the Nova Cycle celebration. What of it? If appearances are to be maintained, you must extinguish the Flame of Rebirth tonight. The people will expect it, along with the customary benediction. Failure to do so would only raise questions. Very well. I will double your security detail. There's no need. The Red Shard. My new guardians. And loyal only to me. You and Seg knew about this creature all along? Why didn't you tell me? I could have done something. Because talk of aliens condemned you to the ice. And would you have believed me even if I did? No. I'm sorry, Lyta. I should have had more faith in you. Yes, you should have. There's one thing I need to understand. If you didn't know Brainiac had corrupted the Voice of Rao, then why even attempt a coup? It betrays everything you have taught me... every single principle House Zod stands for. Because Daron-Vex and his daughter... offered to spare your life in exchange for my help. It was a choice between my honor and my only child. I chose you. And I would do it again. But all that matters now is that we stop this creature. We need to mount a resistance. We need warriors. There's someone I need you to meet. Um... Sorry, you are gonna pay for his services, right? We'll talk about it later. Your resiliency is impressive. I come from good stock. Okay. Who's your father? Are you sure you want to know? I never knew him. Just that he was a soldier and he was killed in the battle for Kandor. Mother, we need to find Seg. Let's go. So far so good. We just need to get back to the tavern. Next time we steal uniforms off of dead guys, could you please make sure I go for the larger one? - Why? - Those trousers are so tight, I nearly castrated myself. Rao forbid. By the way, where'd you learn to fight like that? A lover in the Military Guild. Combat instructor. She wasn't so faithful, but she did teach me how to defend myself. Okay, we should get moving. What is it? Uh... I'm not very good at this. Thank you for putting your life on the line for me. - It was stupid, but... - Wow, you're really not very good at this, are you? It's just not something I expect for anyone to do for me. And it's not something I think I deserve... especially from you. You really need to lighten up. Maybe you can teach me. It's them! Take them! - Run! - Go, go, go! Sector has curfew in effect. Unless authorized, please return to your residence. Why align yourself with Black Zero? Why not come straight to us? I needed access to weapons and a fighting force. It was the most efficient way. Besides, I don't think you would have exactly welcomed me with open arms. As Zods, we swear an oath to protect our people. You took actions that resulted in the deaths of innocent Kandorians. I regret all lives lost. But it was necessary to maintain my cover. I fight for more than just a city. I fight for all of Krypton. And the lives of a few is a small price to pay to save an entire world. As a Zod, you should understand that. Nyssa, no, no, no, no, no, wait! Come on, come on, come on. Shit. Get on your knees. Hands behind your head now. I'm the one you want, okay? He's done nothing wrong. Let him go. No one's going anywhere. On authority of the Voice of Rao... Why are you smiling? 'Cause you're about to get punched in the face. You'll never be more attractive to me than you are in this moment. We need to move. Yeah. - She doesn't belong here. - Lyta's right. She's an opportunist, just like her father. She'll betray us at the first chance she gets. You're wrong. We can trust her. Why should we trust her? Because none of our hands are clean! And we are going to need each other if we're gonna defeat Brainiac. If you can't trust her... Then trust me. So, what are we going to do? We need to raise an army. We can go to Kryptonopolis, establish a base there, reach out to other city-states, and return in force. My sisters live there. They can provide us with those resources and connections - we need. - There's no time. Brainiac's gonna take the city in a matter of weeks. We must stay and fight! We will not stand a chance. He controls the Sagitari. If we attempt this ourselves, we'll be slaughtered. Then so be it. If we are going to die, then at least... I'm just gonna stop you there. Um, I don't wanna die, so... There's another way. The Nova Cycle celebration. That's how we get our army. Not with that. Our weapons have no - effect on him. - They might not harm him, but they will piss him off... when everyone was gonna be watching. If we can provoke him into revealing his true nature, if we can show the people that the Voice of Rao is an alien creature, the entire city will rise and stand against him. We will have our army. Well, I believe I found the problem. You're shitting me. That's repulsive, and I most certainly am not. No, the device's photonic discharge cells were damaged. Well, can you fix it? I already have. So... - I can leave? - If that's your choice. But tell me something first. If you're not a real hero, as you claim to be, Why'd you come here in the first place? Because I thought I could become one. I thought that if I could just save Superman, then the Justice League would have to notice me and maybe even people would look up to me. And maybe, just maybe, when I look in that mirror, I wouldn't see a loser staring back at me. That's all gone now. Whatever happened between you and Seg can be fixed. He may be stubborn, but he knows a true friend when he finds one. Ah, there's no fixing this. Adam, Adam. No matter what you think about yourself, being a hero is not about... It's not about strength or having extraordinary capabilities. It's about making the decision to help others. Now, regardless of the reason, you chose to come here. You can still set things right. Hmm? - You're right. - Mm. I can. There's something here I still need to do. And what's that? Kill General Zod and prevent Seg from saving Kandor. I don't understand. You won't have to. - What are you doing? - Erasing all record of this conversation. Hello, Adam. Is there something I can help you with? Piss off, ghost. Adam. We receive the gift of light. From Rao, all blessings flow. We receive the gift of light. His radiance gives us life. We receive the gift of light. His magnificence fills our... His Eminence will now conclude the proceedings. On a three count. It is through fire that we are reborn. It cleanses and purifies. - One... - Taking away all misdeeds. - Two... - Making us worthy of the mercy that Rao has bestowed upon us. This creature... Don't shoot. Don't shoot. - Is deceiving you! - This is heresy! This thing is not a prophet of Rao. - Remove her! - He's not even a man! No. Let her be. She's right. I have transcended into something more. Your faith has been rewarded. I have come to lift you out of despair and make your city whole. From this moment forward, the divide between Guilded and Rankless will be no more. All will prosper and thrive. And because of your devotion, I will lead you to a place of eternal life. You will become immortal. Now speak with one voice. Who wants to live forever? 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 