Krypton: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Krypton 
 s1e4 - The Word of Rao - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Krypton (2018–…): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Word of Rao - full transcript 
 Seg is approached by a Black Zero leader as Rao finds a scapegoat for the failed Rankless Initiative. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Nyssa here has yet to be paired with someone. As my youngest daughter, you'll be binding with her. What's she like, Nyssa-Vex? She's interesting. Council's scheduled my binding to Dev. Black Zero's leadership hierarchy. - Who's he? - Unknown. Intelligence suggests he's a relatively new player. Seems to be rising up through the ranks very quickly. We've detected Black Zero activity in this area. There are thousands of innocent citizens 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 in this sector. - We have our orders. - I know, but we can't... We don't choose which orders we follow. We're still assessing the nature of the threat, Primus. - Your job is to neutralize. - Negative, Primus. You are disobeying a direct order. - What happened here? - She murdered him. It was self-defense. The only arrest made in the Rankless Initiative. One of our own Sagitari. What are you going to tell the voice of Rao? The mission is a failure. Rhom is my friend. She's been taken over by Brainiac's nanotechnology. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 What if we could find a way to disable it? She's still alive. The counsel need to see her. I can't. I have to save her. Braniac is coming for us. Your world is at an end. She's here. You kept me waiting. Apologies, Your Eminence. Anda, you are to begin preparations for the Nova Cycle celebration. Nova Cycle? But it's not for weeks. It is Rao's will that His Reverence begin the Nova Cycle today. The military's failed initiative has created much unrest. The faith of the Rankless has been shaken. The Nova Cycle celebrations will begin today. I'll start preparing immediately. We shall walk amongst the Rankless and show them how the light of Rao can heal all wounds. Today we will spread the word of Rao. Today Kandor will be reborn. - Synced and corrected by Shazi89 - - www.addic7ed.com - - Stand aside, Sagitari. What squad are you with? That's none of your concern. Hey, you can't go in there. This communication hub is restricted. I need to check with my commanding... Hub's clear. Commander? Get to work. Grandfather, her vitals are falling. Well, as far as my readings show, Rhom's in no pain, but there's nothing more we can do for her medically. The alien technology Braniac used is... It's not like anything I've seen before. How long does she have? A matter of hours, possibly. Rhom has a daughter. Ona. Then Kem and I should be the ones to tell her. Commander Zod, you're to report to intelligence for review. That seems fast for the After-Action panel. The action's barely ended. You disobeyed a direct order. I protected my squad. Three of your squad are dead, Lyta. I know that better than anyone, but the rest of them are alive because of my actions down there. Save it for the review. Get changed. You follow Dev-Em. Lyta, command is about more than making tough calls. It's about being able to answer for them too. I've tried so hard to teach you this, but you've continually refused to listen. All these years, all your lessons... I never wanted your help. I wanted a mother. You know, I always wanted a droid. A real sassy one like R2-D2. I gotta say Hologram Granddaddy's pretty sweet. It'd be better if he could hold things, fetch beers. And, you know, more of a personality. Like me. Adam. Did you see that? What? Okay, I swear we're being followed. I've got a visual. Hey. Didn't think I'd see you before you went in. Listen, about last night, what I did... You followed orders, Dev. None of this is your fault. I'm... I'm okay. You're a good Sagitari, Lyta. Proved yesterday you were an even better commander. I told them that. Thanks for always having my back. If you don't know by now, it's more than loyalty, Lyta. Commander Zod! It's the voice. Why is he here? Come to inspect damage, I guess. Where was His Grace last night? Look who decided to show up. Haven't they done enough already? We should return to the Guilds. Tyrant! Shame on you! - Rao's wrath find you! - This isn't Rao's way! It is clear to the Voice of Rao Sagitari abuse their power. No matter the guild, rank, title, or name, those who wronged you will be met with swift justice before the Nova Cycle. It is the word of Rao. Your Eminence. We must assuage the discontent amongst the Rankless. I need someone to take responsibility for the military's failures before I return to begin the ceremony. Of course. Who do you have in mind? Someone of high authority. Your refusal, Commander Zod, to carry out your Primus' order led to the loss of vital Intel and the escape of Black Zero operatives. Circumstances changed beyond leadership's knowledge. Rankless unrest created unexpected variables dire to the safety of my squad. And I'm to understand similar variables lead to the deaths of three of your squad, correct? - Yes. - Tell us about that. Start with the questionable arrest of Sagitari Kol-Da. She murdered an unarmed Rankless citizen. You never even witnessed the citizen's death, did you? No, I did not. I'm just trying to understand. A man was dead. Handcuffed and unarmed. This caused the Rankless to become volatile. So what this panel needs to understand is arresting Kol-Da prevented a riot, which would have endangered every Sagitari in this initiative... Which last I counted was more than three men, so as I have nothing left to say, I would like to return to my squad for duty. I'm afraid you can't do that yet. This is a military review. It's not the Tribunal's jurisdiction. New evidence has emerged that changes that. Commander Zod, it is by Rao's word that you are hereby charged with treason for conspiring with Black Zero. Take her away. I just served her r'antha eggs and ran away. I can't even look at her. I know, mate. But we have to tell her. I'll never forget the day Mama Zed sat me down and told me. It was like life came crashing down, you know? You know, maybe we should talk to Mama Zed. She'll know how to handle this. I dunno. You all right, buddy? Yeah, I'm, uh, just gonna do my rounds. I'm gonna go think about smoking. Hi, Ona. Is Uncle Kem sad that Mom's sick? Oh, your Uncle Kem? Um, no. Uh... It's okay, Seg. Mom's going to be fine. I've been praying for her. You ought to go. I'll talk to Ona. Kem? What's going on now? - Talk to me. - The regulars... The regulars are saying the Voice came down. Promise justice for the man the Sagitari killed in last night's shit storm. Seg, the Word of Rao just announced who's responsible. It's Lyta. She's been arrested. Back off. I need to speak to Lyta-Zod. Area's restricted, Rankless. I'm not Rankless anymore. And I'm not looking for trouble. I know what you're looking for. Tell me why you need to see Lyta. Do you really wanna do this now? I want to hear you say it. I don't think you do. I know you're upset, but none of this helps Lyta. Go now. I will only say this once. Stay away from Lyta. Or what? You gonna add another El to your kill list? Or maybe just arrest me like you did your own daughter? I had nothing to do with this. I suppose you could do nothing to stop it, either! She's charged with treason, you shit! By the Voice of Rao himself. Lyta's fate is out of my control. What's gonna happen to her? She'll be executed, just like your grandfather was. I'm not gonna let that happen. I believe you are the reason it is happening, so don't come back here. You have a visitor, Nyssa. Open. Which one? The gold one. - Something wrong? - Yes. Uh... no. Yes. - I need your help. - With what? Getting charges of treason dropped against Lyta-Zod. We have to help her. Lyta-Zod's a traitor. That's... Untrue. She's being set up. To take the fall for the Rankless initiative. Why would you care about a Zod? Jayna killed my parents, not Lyta. She had nothing to do with it. And she doesn't deserve to die for a crime she didn't commit. You can do better than that. Why do you want to save Lyta-Zod? It's true. Okay? We're old friends. Really? You, former Rankless and her a Sagitari... Also daughter of Primus Zod. Sorry. I don't buy it. Why do you want to save Lyta-Zod? Because I love her. I love her. And I can't lose her. Was that so hard? You knew. I suspected. You confirmed it. Now we can move forward. Since the Voice of Rao took control, no execution has been stayed. I... Nyssa. No games. Will you help her? I was questioning suspects when a Rankless man ran at me yelling, "Begin again at Zero." I defended myself. By the time Commander Zod found me, I'd examined the body and saw what looked to be a body bomb. Guy nearly blew us all away. You saved a lot of lives. Commander Zod didn't see it that way. She arrested me and pissed off the Rankless by saying I killed an innocent man. Made no sense. The autopsy confirmed the body bomb, proving Lyta's testimony to be false. And her refusal to enact your order is further evidence that Lyta is clearly aligned with Black Zero. I'm sorry. That is some bullshit. What are you gonna do? Set a plan in motion, but I need a sure way to prove Lyta's innocence. Well, I talked to Val and after a very graphic biology lesson, he told me that Rhom's not doing so well, so it looks like we are running out of time. We need to get back there. Absolutely. It looks like she's our best shot... - I'm gonna give Rhom to the Council. - Whoa, what? That have to see what was really in that communications hub. It's the only way to clear Lyta's name. You're gonna get yourself executed. And you're gonna give up our only lead against Braniac. If Krypton is destroyed, saving Lyta won't matter. A Krypton without Lyta isn't worth saving. All right, all right, all right, listen. You stay. See what you can do for Lyta. I'm gonna go to the Fortress and see if... - We don't have time, mate. - Just stop it, you... I have to do this, Adam. Val, I'm headed your way. Do you read me? If you're going to glare at me with disappointment, you can leave. I came here to help. I thought you weren't doing that anymore. You are many things, Lyta. But you're my daughter, and you are a Zod. And Zods are not traitors. You don't deserve death. You believe me? I believe you're here for the wrong reasons. Whatever those reasons are, I believe they involve Seg. I think you're here protecting him. It's more complicated than that. No, Lyta. Give up Seg and end this. Even if I told you the truth, you wouldn't believe me. If you want to help me, then for once in your life, trust me. Trust runs both ways, Lyta! Please tell me what this is about. Primus, you should clear the room now. I need to speak with your daughter. I'm her advocate in this matter. Oh, great. Hey. Hey, what is this? Hmm? Where am I? Oh, not the gloves. No good is gonna come from putting those on. Shut up. Hey. Hey, what is that? Hey, what are you gonna do with that? No, wait, stop. No! You can drop the impartial act. I know you only work to serve your father's political agenda. My father didn't send me here. Seg did. - Do you know where he is? - I haven't seen him. Well, I mean, since he left my place. He hasn't been here? So you know about me and Seg? I do. Does Dev-Em? Save your threats. The execution you don't stop will have me out of your way soon enough. I don't need to remove you. Seg and I are already guaranteed a future. We have a child. His name is Cor-Vex. Well, thanks for coming. I think I'll take my chances with the executioner's blade. If you don't want my help, that's your call. But you are embroiled in a political witch hunt led by the Voice of Rao himself. And as the Chief Magistrate's daughter and an accomplished lawmaker, I am your best hope of escaping this ordeal unscathed. I urge you to have some faith in me. After all, Seg does. What do you need to know? Let's start with discrepancies. Tell me about Kol-Da. That's enough. What was that thing? What did you do to me? Nothing to cause permanent damage. If you're going to torture me, asshole, at least ask me some questions. You endured a test, not torture. Oh, a test. Good. Thanks for explaining. I feel so much less tortured now. The Outlands creature we use is quite rare. It has the ability to nest in the mind and upset the very nature of any man. What it doesn't work on are Sentries. Now that I know you are not one, tell me what you know about Braniac. How do you know about Braniac? Who are you? I didn't bring you here to ask me questions. I have my own. And I need to get out of here. Someone's life is at stake. Your life is at stake. You gonna kill me? I prefer not. And I've ordered my men not to harm you unless I say so. Your fate is in your own hands. The faster you help us, Seg, the faster you can help the friend you spoke of. I don't do deals with terrorists. Sagitari... as much as I dislike them... don't tend to kidnap people, so those uniforms are stolen. And judging by this stronghold, I'd wager that you're Black Zero. If Black Zero knew about Braniac, do you think they'd be wasting time battling that six-faced liar and his unraveling theocracy? So you're on your own? Black Zero initially provided me with some manpower. And some very useful resources. But my men all know my orders. And my orders serve Kandor. Of course they do. You know, I'd hate to be you when Black Zero find out they're being used. Black Zero is of no concern. Krypton's survival is. And to protect it from Braniac, I need to know what his sentry was doing in that communications hub. She was uploading data to Braniac. We tried to stop her, but she was too far along. I thought we had more time. After it uploaded the data, what happened to the Sentry? Did you destroy it, or did it go dormant? Hey, that it is a she, and her name is Rhom. And I'm not answering any more of your questions, and you... Is it still alive? I don't give up my friends. That Sentry's not your friend. Not anymore, and if it is alive, then it didn't complete its mission. No, I told you. She uploaded the data to Braniac. That was just a part of it. A Sentry will seek to infect a more useful, powerful host, after which it's disconnected and shut down. If I can tear it open, access its memory nodes... Hey, no one's tearing anyone open, you son of a bitch. She's still alive. Don't disrespect the commander. Thank you, Tak. But... No one touches Seg unless I say. You know, I never see you without that thing. It must be special. It was Mom's, but she gave it to me. Oh, best to keep away from that scoundrel, sweetheart. Scoundrel? All right, well, that is a fair point. Ona, this... This is Mama Zed. Mama Zed raised your Uncle Kem. He's not my real uncle. I just call him that. Oh, that's all right. I'm not his mama. But I still think of him as family. Well, that makes us sort of like family, too, then, hmm? Tell you what. Why don't you have this, and sit down, and I'll make you my specialty? You haven't told her? No. What if she doesn't find happiness again? What if she... What if she ends up like me? You tell Ona, "Never give up hope." Mama Zed is the best cook on Krypton. Ona, can we talk? My mama's not coming home, is she? No, sweetheart, she's not. I'm so, so sorry. We did everything that we could. But you know what? You are gonna be fine. You know why? 'Cause I'm gonna look after you. And I am never gonna let anything bad happen to you ever. I swear. Are we still going to Nova Cycle? I need to do something for my mom. I'm sure we can manage that. How could you be so stupid? What in the name of Rao... What did you offer Kol-Da to lie for you? - Her freedom, I'm guessing. - Keep your voice down. Lyta told me her story. She's innocent. You manipulated everything. You believe her? - She's a traitor. - She's a Zod. Their house is built from honor. Unlike ours. Well, what does it matter? True or not, Lyta's fate is out of my control. You have the power to stop this. My hands are tied. The Voice of Rao demanded a scapegoat for that miserable. Rankless initiative. What was I to do? Defy his order? So you picked Jayna's daughter? The voice demanded an officer. Someone from a noble house. A Zod. Our plans rest on Jayna's military... Oh, you think I don't know that? I've been working years to incur the loyalty of the Guilds' elite. Preparing to approach Jayna for her support. Have you any idea what it takes to influence a Zod? Then don't let the Voice unravel everything - we have worked to... - I have been doing this to protect everything! It was finally aligning. Seg was even starting to trust me. Well, that can still stand. Seg has nothing to do with Lyta. He's in love with her. He told me. The Rankless hold House El in high regard. Seg can unite Kandor. We need him and Jayna. But the moment Lyta dies, so does our chance to overthrow the Voice of Rao. I refuse to lie down and let the Voice retain his power. - I am not afraid of him. - Well, you should be. Unless you wish to see the Voice of Rao's wrath yourself, Lyta must die. So this is what you do. Just kill anyone you think is in your way. No. I kill who I know is in my way. Our existence is at stake, and if you fail to understand that, then you are just another idealistic El without the stones to effect real change. Another? You knew my grandfather? My history with your family is complicated. But it doesn't have to be that way any longer. The choice is simple, Seg. You help me find that sentry, and together we can protect the future of Krypton. Well, that sounds good in theory. But I have no way of knowing if you're gonna keep your word. You're right. How can I prove that I am honorable? Breaking a prisoner out of Fort Rozz would be a start. Very well. We will help you, and you will help us find that Sentry. Honor your word, and I will lead you to Rhom's location myself. I'll prepare my men. History will remember your decision, Seg. - There! - Oh, the Offerings Altar? My mom and I make an offering every cycle to Rao. It's tradition. The Voice has to have it to help mom find her way to Rao. Then we'll do it together. Sorry. Excuse me. Um, can... Oh, okay. Good chat. I think getting near to Voice of Rao is a very bad idea. Ona? Ona? Ona? Ona! Ona, just stay there, okay? Wait, Ona, stop! Ona, come back! Please, please, please! Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Please, please, don't hurt her, please. She just want... Ona just wanted to see you. She wanted to give you an offering on behalf of her mother. She loves Rao more than anyone I have ever met. And on this day in particular, she's mourning her mother. So, please. Please just show her some kindness. Show her that... Show her that Rao loves her, too. Show everyone. As your mother's light fades, may she find Rao's in the higher plane and be reborn a servant unto him. As her daughter will on Krypton. Let her faith serve as example. Look upon her as my disciple. For she will be given rank and serve as a novice. Word of Rao. What do you think, Uncle Kem? I think that you look so happy. Your mother is gonna be so proud. Thank you. Seg? Seg? Val, where is he? I haven't seen him. Although he did try to communicate briefly before his comm lost signal. Mr. Strange, you should see this. Please, Mr. Strange was my dad. And also what we called the kid in gym class who licked feet. Call me Doctor. No, better make it Adam. - Adam... - Have you really not seen him? Adam, my Nubots have found a way to Rhom's cortex. If they find a way in, we can sift through updates Rhom sent. What the hell was that? The cerebellum has just been struck by an immense surge of power. Ona. Where's Ona? She's okay. She's with Kem. No, no. You have to stop them Ona. What? Hey, hey! Rhom, stop her from what? What does that mean? The Nubots are flushing themselves from Rhom's system. Her link with Braniac has been severed. So she's gone? Okay. We gotta tell Seg. If we can find him. Commander is ready for you. So, you been doing the stoic Black Zero thing long? Or just trying it out? That's a good way to lose a finger. Your daughter is the first ever Zod to be labeled a traitor. I can't imagine how that feels. Leave before I remove you. I know you hate my father. But I've come to make you an offer that could save Lyta's life. For the cost of what? My soul? Loyalty. Pledge your support for my father. Help us take back Kandor for the people and overthrow the Voice of Rao. You speak of treason while my daughter dies for it. I should kill you. If you do, Lyta's fate is sealed. But if you join us, we'll have the strength of your military to enact the coup. Wrest power from the Voice and release your daughter. One tyrant for another. My father can unite the Guilds and the Rankless. We can create a golden age for Kandor run by its people. With himself at the helm. There's always a catch with House Vex. You ask me to betray my oath to the state, to dishonor my name and what it stood for since Krypton began. How much is all that honor worth to you if you sacrifice your family to retain it? Think it over. I'll be waiting. This is your Commander. Seg-El is somewhere in the complex. Find him. Today marks the beginning of our Nova Cycle... a celebration of birth and rebirth. A celebration of Rao. We begin anew, absolved of our sins from the prior cycle. - It is a day of faith. - And justice. Let us pray to Rao. Holy Rao, out of the endless void you kindled the sun. By your strength, you gave us life. For your glory, we offer our death. Today's the day we escape the darkness of sin and renew our faith by your light once more. Today is the day we live again. Today is Nova. Praise Rao. Praise Rao. Let the Nova Cycle begin. Ona! - Synced and corrected by Shazi89 - - www.addic7ed.com - 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 