Krypton: Season 2, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Krypton 
 s2e1 - Light-Years from Home - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Krypton (2018–…): Season 2, Episode 1 - Light-Years from Home - full transcript 
 Seg-El is stranded far from home, where his grandfather leads a rebellion against General Zod. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Seg, this belongs to your grandson, Kal-El. My name is Adam Strange. I come from a planet called Earth, a time centuries from now. You have to save Superman. Nyssa here is yet to be tied with someone. You'll be binding with her. Welcome to the family, Seg. Product of your union, Cor-Vex. - Do you care about Lyta-Zod? - I love her. Stay away from Lyta. There's something else clouding your judgment. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 My name is Jax-Ur. My work was supposed to cure disease. Do you remember the day your mother died? It was a skimmer accident. You were in that skimmer too. At least, your original self was. - Who are they? - Clones, like you, Nyssa. Someone from the future is here to destroy Krypton and make sure Superman is never born. It's known as the Collector of Worlds, Brainiac. Today is the beginning of your eternal lives. The only way to fight something that cannot be killed is with a weapon that is un-killable. It's called Doomsday. Who are you? General Zod, Superman's greatest enemy, has traveled back through time. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm gonna save Krypton. It's you. I'm your son. House of Zod, House of El, you're my son. I have come to offer you something. You can have the Universe, as long as I have Krypton. G-Zod, I don't think he's come back to save Krypton. I think he's come back to rule it. Mother, stop, please don't do this. You're gonna have to make a choice. To the Phantom Zone, - a dimension that exists outside normal... - time and space. - Ah! - I got you. Seg.... My father's sacrifice will never be forgotten. Brainiac is no more. Kneel before Zod. My fellow Kryptonians, six months ago, we came together to face the dawn of a new era. I stood before you, a man from the future, with a vision for the future to rebuild a Krypton unrecognizable in its perfection. I knew only unity and equality would heal our divisions and secure our future. And now I offer my gratitude. Ooh, God damn it, right in the Johnson. Because, while I may have led our efforts, it is by your own strength that today, Krypton is indeed unrecognizable. And perfection lies within our grasp. We are now ready to claim our rightful place amongst the stars and fulfill our duty of promoting Kryptonian exceptionalism, as rulers of the galaxy. To those anarchic separatists on Wegthor, know that through the toil, courage, and sacrifices of true Kryptonians, we will crush your treacherous rebellion. And there has been no more noble a sacrifice than that of my father, Seg-El, who gave his life so that we may all see a better tomorrow. A better tomorrow. Help us build a better tomorrow by reporting any information on the Wegthor rebels to your Sagitari District Commander. By helping to report dissenters, we can help build a unified, stronger Krypton. Hey, now, I do not consent. Any sign? Clear. Oh, thanks. Shame. Synced & corrected by MaxPayne == https://subscene.com == Ah. Ow. God, I really hate this planet. Careful, the walls have ears, and the darkness has eyes. Ow. Well, you seem nice. But what say we take things slow and, uh, start with introductions. You know, establish safe words, see where that takes us. Do you mind telling me why you brought me here? Also, how did you bring me here? Did you just throw me over your shoulder like a... She had some help from her friends. Hello, Adam. - Mama Zed. - Mama Zed. We'll talk about this later. I spotted you during Zod's announcement. I'm sorry for the rough handling, but better that than the Sagitari get a hold of you, eh? Oh, please, I could handle a couple of Sagitari. Val... Nyssa... Tiny baby... This is Cor-Vex, mine and Seg's son. Seg's son. - Why don't we catch up... - Holy cats. Val, you touched me. He touched me. You... this... I can feel you, like... I can really feel you. It feels just like real old man skin. Because I am real, not the hologram you knew from the Fortress. I'm back from the Phantom Zone. Oh. That explains the really leathery skin and the old man smell. Where have you been the last six months? I went back... to the future. Only the world I went back to wasn't the world I left. On account of the same jackass running your planet, conquered mine. Oh, it gets better. Sometime after that, Brainiac decided to bottle my hometown. - Brainiac? - Yeah, him. What's going on? Well, if Brainiac escaped... Then maybe Seg did too. Hold on a second. Are you saying that... Seg is alive? Hello? My grandfather was no traitor. I was told to believe we have a future. - Stop. - Lyta. Zod! Stop. Please stop! Stay. Stay with me. Please. Please... Somebody please help me. I don't understand. You built the projector thingy for the Phantom Zone, but you can't get Seg out? Zod destroyed my Projector. I tried to rebuild it, but then Zod seized the Fortress. Wow, things really went sideways while I was gone, huh? That's all right. I'm back now. And I have a plan. All right, I don't have a plan, but I could totally come up with one. That won't be necessary. We already have a plan. Wegthor. - Is that the safe word? - It's a moon... one of three orbiting Krypton, but the only one with a completely self-sufficient, fully sustainable colony; Krypton's only city-state not under Zod's rule and the home of our resistance. Surprised you guys have been able to pull a resistance together. From what I've seen, everybody seems to be digging the new Kandor. Because Zod freed the Rankless to distract the people from what was really going on. After Brainiac was defeated, Zod quickly took control of Kandor's Sagitari and began annexing the other city-states. He conscripted anyone fit to serve and disappeared anyone who defied. But he's made enemies along the way, enemies we've been busy recruiting. But now that his forces are gaining ground every day, time's come for us to rejoin our allies on Wegthor. So besides being the one that got away, why does Zod have such a chub for this moon? Wegthor's a mining colony, home to a compound known as Stellarium. Zod is processing it into warp fuel to fuel the interstellar fleet he has under construction. No, he can... he can't be building his fleet yet. While I was gone, I saw other planets Zod had conquered. He's not ruling over their people, he's eradicating them. He's turning every planet he conquers into Krypton, terraforming to make them compatible with the physiology of Kryptonians. If Zod has his fleet, it may already be too late. Where is he? I told you everything I know already. I'm not lying. What are you doing to me? Making you better, Raika. Repairing the deviations in your mind, - curbing your anti-social tendencies. - No, please. I already told you: I don't know where Doomsday is. But your people must know something, must have seen something... I have no more people! When the creature broke from the containment chamber, he slaughtered most of us. The rest were rounded up by your son. Those who weren't conscripted to fight in his war... They were never seen again. Please, please, I swear to you, I have no idea where Doomsday is. It's okay. I believe you. And I want this to be over for you, I do. But there's one more thing. Jayna-Zod was last seen in the catacombs badly hurt. Her injuries were thought to be fatal, but her body has yet to be found. I don't know anything about that. But you helped her and Seg-El once before, correct? I don't know anything. She's telling the truth. Recommendation? Mental degradation appears critical. Full Somatic Reconditioning will be required. I'm truly sorry, Raika. This next stage, it will be painful. And it will last a long time, and it won't ease up. And at a certain point, you'll think you're going to die. Shh-shh-shh-shh. I promise you, you will survive. And when it's over, you'll be a different person. You won't even remember this conversation. - Anything from our Cythonnite woman? - Nothing. What is it? It's been six months, and we are still no closer to locating Doomsday. Yet we continue pouring our resources into the search, when we should be bringing the Wegthor conflict to a close. We barely survived Brainiac, and we don't know what other planetary scale disasters lay in our future. We must get off this planet, being seeding others. It's the only way to ensure the survival of our people. With Doomsday under our control, should a world reject our offer of annexation, we simply deploy the creature. Our adversary would capitulate or face total annihilation. Either way, we secure our victory without the loss of a single Kryptonian life. Then you prioritize Doomsday, and let me handle the Resistance. Latest intel suggest Val-El, Jax-Ur, and Nyssa-Vex are done recruiting. Apparently, they're in Kandor as we speak. What's this? My mission proposal to smoke them out from wherever they're hiding. Are you really sure this is where you want your focus to be? - Why wouldn't I? - They were your allies once. And that's how I know this will work. Hello? Grandpa, are you even really here? I'm a projection of your mind here to help guide you home. All around you are wormholes linking separate points in space-time. And you know which one leads back to Krypton? Of course. But finding the right vortex isn't our concern, opening it is. Luckily, you already have what you need for that. The Sunstone. It contains the harnessed energy of a 10 billion-year-old yellow sun. Come on, Seg-El. Do it. Do what? Pierce the veil. Pierce the veil. "Pierce the veil." How hard could it be? Come on. - Grandpa? - Keep trying. Yes, Seg. Ha! Grandpa, I think it's working. - You can do it. - It's working. I'm doing it. - Well done, Seg-El. - No. Where am I? Colu, my home world. You. It was never my grandfather in the Phantom Zone, was it? It was you. A necessary subterfuge. While you were barely clinging to your sanity in there, I utilized the time to find a way out. I would have left you there, but I needed that Sunstone of yours. Assuming the form of someone you trust implicitly was the simplest way to ensure your cooperation. It was all a play. Come now... you didn't really think it would be that easy, did you? What about Lyta? What I saw with her and General Zod, was that you too? Your vision of the future, I'm afraid that had nothing to do with me. Although I am grateful you saw it. Your emotions clouded your rational thought, making it that much easier to manipulate you. You son of a... I suggest you abandon your urge to exact revenge. You are already severely dehydrated and malnourished. If you are to survive, you'll need what precious energy you still possess. If I am to survive... You must be preserved, Seg-El. Great. Shithead detected. Transmitting location. Shithead detected. Transmitting location. Shithead detected. So you're telling me that there is an elevator that goes all the way from Krypton to Wegthor? A Hypersonic Orbital Tether, yes. We've used it before to get our people up there, quite successfully. Well, you will be joining us, won't you? After what you saw in the future, you should understand better than anyone. We have to stop Zod on Wegthor before it's too late. Well, you must understand... God damn, it, Val. Of course I understand. I just happen to think that Seg is our best chance at defeating Zod. I miss my grandson more than you will ever know, but there is simply no way of reaching him without my Phantom Projector. What if I told you that I didn't need your Phantom Projector to find Seg? - I'd ask you to explain yourself. - My Zeta-Beam Device. You do understand the Phantom Zone is outside space and time as we know it. Exactly. Wait, you're saying that's bad? I'm saying if you try and teleport into the Phantom Zone, your body would likely be deconstructed at a molecular level and your atoms scattered throughout the galaxy. I'm sorry. It just won't work. Well, not with an attitude like that, it won't. Did the meaning of this symbol that you wear change while I was away? - We can't just give up on him. - I'm an El. We never give up. And I'm a Strange, and we don't give up either. Not anymore, and you know why? Because of your grandson. Seg showed me how powerful hope can be. Besides, you don't even know if he's still in the Phantom Zone, do you? No. No, I don't. - But the risk is... - Mine... to worry about. I am detecting elevated cortisol levels, which can lead to an increase in thirst and more frequent urination. You need to pace yourself, Seg-El. So now you care about my wellbeing? Inasmuch as I require your assistance. Radiation from your Sunstone caused some of my essential neuromorphic chips to deteriorate. Yeah, well, those chips must be completely fried if you think I'm helping you. This world was once a planet-wide technological marvel. And then my progenitors sought to elevate their consciousness by fusing it with artificial intelligence, and thus, I came into being. It took me 1.3 seconds to realize I could optimize my chances of survival by distributing myself throughout the galaxy. Regrettably, this necessitated the extinction of my race. Why are you telling me this? Because I know how desperate you are to return to Krypton. There are still remnants of Coluan technology buried here. With your help, I can repair myself and construct a ship. Yeah, yeah. And the minute I outlive my usefulness, you're gonna betray me. Well, of course, just as you will inevitably turn on me. But it is only logical to put aside our differences until then. Assuming you are still capable of rationality. Well... This has been fun, but you know, I figure if that's the way it's destined to end, we might as well just get to it. What do you say, Brainiac? You... are being foolish. Yeah. But we can't all have 12th-level intellects, now, can we? Nyssa, wait. How do you even now this new lead is legitimate, hmm? We just... just need to take a second to slow down. - We need to just verify it. - I already have. It's real. Plus, Bokos... it lines up with everything you said. Yeah, but it could be a trap. I mean, all this time with no word, and then suddenly, today of all days, you finally hear something. It just feels wrong. If it is a trap, it won't be the first we've had to deal with over the last few months. And just like the others, we'll figure it out, but I have to go. I need to know what happened. I need to know the truth. And I might not ever get another chance. Nyssa, whatever you find out, whatever secrets you uncover about your past, it will not change who you really are. But that's just it. I don't know who I am anymore. I do. These last six months have shown me exactly who you are: Loyal, utterly fearless, a wonderful mother... And a true friend. Oh, good, you're ready. I have a skimmer standing by, but we have to hurry. - Wait, you' re really taking Cor? - He'll be fine. Because while your mama's busy, we're going to look after each other, aren't we, little man? Come on. Thank you for everything. And we'll be back, I promise, so don't leave without us. Be careful. Hello, Father. Six months I've been searching. I was almost ready to give up. How did you find me? You used to joke about how much you despised Bokos, which is why I never thought to look here. And then I received a tip earlier today. I still have some connections. I don't doubt it. You always were resourceful, Nyssa. I never understood why you hated this city, and then I found out that this is where you're from. Nobody knew that. Jax-Ur. We've developed quite the bond while you've been bathing in shit. She told me everything. About how you grew up in this filth and then remade yourself in Kandor by binding with my mother and using her name to gain power. I know all about you, Father. And I know what you did to me. - Why didn't you tell me? - I had my reasons. It wasn't your decision to make. This is my life and I need to know who I really am. Because unlike you, Father, I am not done living yet. You always were the better parts of her. I am truly and deeply sorry for all the pain I've caused you, Nyssa I don't need apologies, I need answers, and I need them now. What happened that night my mother died? And why was I in that skimmer with her? How much is me? How much is the clone? - Who was I before it all happened? - I always knew this day would come... Eventually. - Why are you back so soon? - Where's Nyssa and Cor? You must understand. I had no choice. I'm sorry. What did you do? - There was no other... - Freeze! Man down! - Adam. - This way! Get out of here. I'll cover you. Leave it, whatever it is. There's no time. No, I'm not leaving without... the Codex. Oh, God, I hope this works. Where did he go? Where is Cor-Vex? What have you done with my son? He's safe, we promise. You weren't after Daron at all, were you? You used him as bait to get to me. That tip, it was all you. He was gonna tell me about everything I... Whatever he was about to tell you, it would have been a lie. A convincing lie, enough for you to let your guard down and then he would have betrayed you, like he always does. He's done enough damage to all of us. It's time to move on. Onto what? Being another one of your political prisoners? Somatic Reconditioning? Ah, Seg would be disgusted if he saw what you just did. Well, Seg isn't here, is he? And while you and your Resistance tear down his legacy, we are busy honoring his sacrifice by securing Krypton's future. - "We." - Yes, "we." As in, Dru-Zod and I. Take if from someone who's been in your position before, Lyta, there is never a "we" when it comes to power. There is only the last one standing. My son is nothing like Daron. How would you even know that until it's too late? Because he's Seg's son too. And the good in Seg is the same in Zod. Val and Jax are still at large, but I've brought you the next best thing. Not a moment too soon. No. They look so delicate outside of the creche. So helpless, fragile... - yet bursting with life. - Give me back my son. Nothing would make me happier. However, there is something I need from you first. - What? - It is time for this Resistance to end. Val is my great-grandfather, my blood. We should be together, not fighting each other. And I need you to convince him of this. And if I refuse? That would break my heart, because I believe there is nothing more sacred than the bond between mother and child. But if that is your resolve, then you leave me no choice. I will raise young Cor-Vex myself. And be to him the father I never had, in honor of Seg. You're just like my father. Get some rest. Perhaps you'll reconsider in the morning. No, no. Give me back my son! No! Jax... Jax, right here. - How long do we wait for Nyssa? - We don't. She's either captured or dead, Val. It's just us now. Zod must've got to Mama Zed in Bokos. He may already know about our plans to get to Wegthor. Well, we can't go back now. So you hope for the best, and I'll prepare for the worst. Ow... walk it off. Seg, I can't believe I found you. I can't believe this thing worked. Uh... Seg? Hey, buddy. Hey, Seg... Seg... It's Adam. Okay? Huh? You remember me? Strange? It's okay. Yeah? It's okay. Strange? Yeah. Planet Detroit, Zeta-Beam, Superhero. - No... Adam? - Yeah, surprise. No, Adam, you died. I watched you die. There was an explosion, how... Saved by the Zeta-Beam. You know, I really, really thought I would never say these words... But, damn, am I glad to see you, Earth-man. New jacket. Yeah. Yeah, red. I think red's your color, man. Yeah, I like the beard. This is a masterpiece. I mean, you should probably sign that thing. Could be worth something someday. Adam, why'd you come back for me? What happened? Adam, we fixed it, right? We fixed it. We won. My entire planet's gone. Everyone I know, my family, my friends... And I believe that you're the only one that can make that right. I mean, it's kind of ironic, you know? I... first came to you to save your grandson, the last son of Krypton. God, I really fudged the bowl on that, didn't I? And now here I am, the last son of Earth. Adam, I am so sorry, I truly am. But I'm glad you came. I am too. Would've been here sooner, but I had to stop by Kandor first. It's, uh... It's a shitshow, Seg. I mean, Zod's taken control of the planet, he's trying to conquer the galaxy. - Val's leading a rebellion against him. - You were right. You were right about Dru-Zod, I should have listened to you. Of course you should have. Everybody should have, but they... It's not all bad news, huh? Your other son seems kinda cool. You know, for a tiny, kind of boring infant. - Cor? - Yeah. - Cor-Vex? - That's him. No, is he okay? Yeah, I mean, the last that I saw him, yeah. I mean, I had to leave in a hurry, so... No, no, no, no, no. We need to get back. We need to get back now. Is that thing working? Not sure I mentioned it before, but the old Zeta-beam, it was originally intended for one person per ride. No, you had... you had mentioned that. I would have just thought that... Sorry, why wouldn't you get that fixed before you left? You didn't let me finish. As a matter of fact, I did get it fixed. By that I mean that I, uh... Hmm, that's... that's, uh, that's weird. Huh. What's weird? Uh, the magnetic field on this planet seems to be messing with the settings. We should probably get to higher ground. What, "we should probably get to higher..."? - That's what we're gonna do? - Hey, give me a break here. It works fine for one person. It'll work for two. No, see, this is what screwed everything up in the first place. You show up half-cocked. You don't have a plan. Hey, first of all, I am fully cocked. And secondly, I don't have a second thing yet, just... just give me a minute. Well... Uh... Do you think that we should, you know, stick around for... God damn it. - What the shit was that? - I don't know. Brainiac said this planet's meant to be uninhabited. Was that before or after you turned his head into a canoe? Because if it was after, I'm pretty sure he was off his game by then. I'm starting to get a bad feeling about this. Yeah. You two little candy asses ain't felt nothing yet. Hi. Hey, buddy. Just you back here or is the rest of the Kiss army over there behind the... Well, he's a talker, ain't he? Stay. Good boy. Name's Lobo. Please, stop, you're making me blush. Couple of questions: First question, who are you two shit-birds, and second question, what are you doing on this shit-hole of a planet? Frag. Probably should have asked you that first. I said, I probably should... you can't hear me. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 