The Sarah Jane Adventures: Season 2, Episode 11 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Sarah Jane Adventures 
 s2e11 - Enemy of the Bane: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Sarah Jane Adventures (2007–2011): Season 2, Episode 11 - Enemy of the Bane: Part 1 - full transcript 
 Mrs. Wormwood returns and forces Sarah Jane to meet her in an old warehouse, having abducted Rani's mother as bait. Mrs. Wormwood says that the Bane are after her blood for her failure on her last mission and needs Sarah Jane's help. The two women survive a Bane attack and go to Sarah Jane's house. Mrs. Wormwood explains that the Bane are anxious to locate a scroll divulging the whereabouts of an ancient immortal, Horath.If he is re-animated they could take over the galaxy and she aims to stop them. Sarah Jane contacts old ally the Brigadier and retrieves the scroll from the UNIT archive but back at her house the Sontaran Kaagh suddenly appears and he too wants the scroll. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 I'm sorry, I know it's late, but this is a really special order. This woman turns up out of the blue. Her florist has let her down she's got this important do tomorrow. And money, she says, is no object. So I tell her, "If you're asking me to work Saturday night "to dig you out of the fertiliser, it better not be." I could come over and help. Dad's cooking one of his specials. I could bring some. Oh, thank you, darling, but I think I've got everything I need. You know me, if somebody's here, I'll be rabbiting instead of working. Believe me, my darling, tonight rabbits and flowers do not go. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 I'll keep some on a low heat. KNOCKING ON DOOR There's somebody at the door. I hope it's not the client, I'm nowhere near done. Well, see you later. Love you. Don't wait up. She says not to wait up. Mmm! Oh, sorry. I haven't quite finished yet. You're very welcome to take a seat. Cup of tea? That won't be necessary. I think this is as we agreed. Oh. Oh, yes. What an unusual name. Wormwood. Mrs Wormwood. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 ULTRASONIC BUZZING Arghh! Sleep well. GASPING The time of man is over. Hello, Luke. It was a nightmare. That's all. But it seemed so real. She spoke to me, she said, "Hello, Luke." But I didn't name you Luke until after the Bane were destroyed, Mrs Wormwood along with them. It was just a dream. But I don't dream. I never have. INSISTENT KNOCKING ON DOOR Rani? My mum - she's disappeared! Thank you for coming over, but I don't know what you can do. What have the police said? Has anything like this ever happened before? Is she on medication? Did we have a row? Mum wouldn't just leave the shop. She didn't even take her van. Why was she there so late? She had a rush order. And there were no signs of a struggle at the shop? There were flowers all over the floor. I wish I could save you and your father all this worry. All I know is that people do disappear all the time, and then come back, safe and sound. We know the world isn't as safe as that. You think she was taken by aliens? There's no reason to suppose that. What about Mr Trueman? She walked off then. There's really no evidence... You could use Mr Smith. He could look for Mum. I'll do what I can. But first I'd like to take a look at the shop. I got the message. Gita's disappeared? Rani must be going off her head. Is it aliens? If there has been an alien here in the last 24 hours, it will have left an energy trace. Oh, no. Aliens? Yes. But the trace is too weak to identify the species. It's the Bane. What? The shape-shifty squiddy things that made you? How could you know that? Mrs Wormwood. Mr Smith, I need you! Yes, Sarah Jane? You appear to be in something of a hurry. Rani's mother has been kidnapped by the Bane. I think Mrs Wormwood left this for me to find. An intentional clue? Or maybe it's a red herring. The Bane are not usually the perpetrators of intrigue. Their purpose in visiting a planet is rather more fundamental - to feed. Mrs Wormwood has set this up to get my attention. I'm betting there's some sort of clue on that cheque. The cheque is for the Mercian Bank, but the sort code and account digits are not what they purport to be. So, what are they? They form a tetric-bi-axial numeric code. Deciphering now... It's an address. It's an invitation. So what are we waiting for? Let's get my mum. How long have you been there? Long enough. I'm going alone. If Mrs Wormwood has gone to this trouble, it won't just be for me - she could be after Luke. She's not having you. I can look after myself. You're staying here. And you're to make sure that he does. Yeah. Sure. No. This is my mum. No way are you leaving me behind! All right, but this is dangerous. You do exactly as I say. The Bane are a cephalopod race, who use shape-shifting technologies to infiltrate planets. Mrs Wormwood led their invasion plans last time, but she and the other Bane served the Bane Mother. They made this drink, Bubbleshock - sold it right across the country. I remember that. It was foul. Then you were one of the 2% unaffected. You were the reason they made Luke. Mrs Wormwood needed to refine the formula, so she took samples from thousands of people and created the perfect human being - Luke. Looks like you're right. She's expecting us. Stay close behind me. Mum! Mum! Mum, it's me! It's Rani. Look, I think she's all right. It's just some sort of induced trance. I thought it would be better this way. Fewer witnesses. Mrs Wormwood. Still hiding out in factory units, I see. Sarah Jane Smith. Still involving children in your dangerous games. You kidnapped my mum! Hello, Rani. How do you know my name? Oh, I've been watching you. You're taller than your predecessor. How does she like America? I always said we should have launched Bubbleshock there. More cosmopolitan taste buds. What do you want? I want...your help. I beg your pardon? Believe me, I take no pleasure in this, Miss Smith. You're asking for help?! After you kidnap my mum and put her in a trance? You've got a funny way of saying "please" on your planet! I didn't imagine that simply knocking on your door was an option. Oh, how is the Archetype, by the way? His name is Luke, and you stay away from him! Oh, I have no interest in the boy. He was merely an experiment. A failed experiment, thanks to you. Well, now he is my son and I will protect him with my life! Then you have no option but to help me. Is that some sort of threat? Your entire planet is under threat, Miss Smith. The entire galaxy. Sarah Jane, there's something here! It's a trap! Oh, no! It's me they're after! They've got us trapped! Who are they? I'm warning you! You are an enemy of the Bane Kindred. Surrender or be devoured! Bane! They're Bane! I never surrender! They're only stunned! Run! Let go of me! Sarah Jane! You have to save her! I do so loathe amateurs! Aggh! Aggh! Aggh! I'm not past my sell-by date yet. Shut the doors! I don't understand. Why are the Bane after you? My mission on Earth was a failure. You killed the Bane Mother. I was blamed and cast out from the Bane Kindred. They're hunting you? No. I'm hunted cos I want to stop them taking over the galaxy. Will Luke be in? Never mind Luke, what about Mum? Wakey-wakey. Oh! What's going on? Mum! You're all right! What am I doing here? You went sleep-walking, Gita. Come off it! Dad's been really worried. You'd better get her home. Haven't you been in my shop? No. I despise flowers. Mum's back. Hello, Luke. Mum? What's she doing here? Mrs Wormwood wants our help. That's Mrs Wormwood? I thought you said she was an ugly bug-eyed squid thing. Children! They have no respect. So this is from where you save the world? How comfortingly unsophisticated. Mr Smith, I need you! And there's a computer in the wall! I had no idea that you could be so entertaining. Good afternoon, Sarah Jane. I see that we have a visitor. Mrs Wormwood is Bane. So my bio-analysis tells me. How much make-up does it take before you get out in a morning? Is it wise to have Bane in the attic? Watch her closely, Mr Smith. At the first sign of trouble, you are to put her in a containment vortex. Do you understand? Perfectly. Dad's looking after Mum. Did I miss anything? Luke's family aren't exactly lookers. She's not my family. No, Clyde. She isn't. Sorry. And now it's about time you told us exactly what's going on. The Bane Kindred blamed me for the failure of our Earth invasion. And for the death of the Bane Mother. Do you know what Bane do to their kind who fail them? I'm not sure that I want to. They eat them... ..alive. But you escaped. Obviously. I made you rather handsome, didn't I? For a human. And there can't be anyone at your school to match your intelligence. Just get to the point. Have you ever heard the legend of Horath? Of the Dark Empire? No. Mr Smith? The Dark Empire was a period of tyrannical galactic rule by a mysterious and reportedly immortal alien entity called Horath who crushed the civilisations of all but the most primitive planets. Your hole-in-the-wall machine really is very impressive. Horath was defeated, but couldn't be killed, so his body and his consciousness were divided and they were hidden at opposite ends of the galaxy. Are you saying that the Bane have found Horath? His consciousness. In the Kaldeann Cluster. They have a mercenary agent bringing it to Earth. And, don't tell me, this is where they hid the other half. Right? 3,000 years ago there was nowhere more primitive than Earth. Little has changed. The Bane get hold of this and take it over the galaxy. And stopping them is your way of getting your own back? We Bane have a saying - the sweetest delicacy is the tongue of an enemy that has looked at you and licked their lips. I am now officially a vegetarian. So where is Horath's body? If I knew, would I shackle myself with the tedium of asking you for help? But the Bane know? Of course. So how do we find Horath? Sarah Jane, there is a relic. The Tungustra scroll that tells the story of Horath and his final resting place. So where is it? The Black Archive. Why does that sound so cool and so scary at the same time? The Archive is the repository of everything on Earth that shouldn't exist, but does. The UNIT vaults. That, Miss Smith, is why I need you. Mr Smith, contain Mrs Wormwood. Instantly. What treachery is this? Don't worry. You'll be perfectly safe while I'm gone. How can you know that? The Bane have agents everywhere! Aggh! So is this it? The day Clyde Langer finally hooks up with UNIT? Locked and loaded, ready to fight the scum of the universe! Haven't I taught you there are better ways of dealing with aliens than guns? What do you expect? He's a boy. UNIT have their uses. In my experience, guns never solved a problem they didn't first make worse. And UNIT can be so suspicious. They're not the only ones. Can we really trust Mrs Wormwood? I don't know. If I tell UNIT about Mrs Wormwood, they could start asking questions. About me? Questions it would be difficult to answer, without them getting more suspicious. Oh, Luke, you have to stay here, but keep away from Mrs Wormwood. Yes. Of course. And Clyde, stay with him. Keep an eye on things. Please...keep him safe. No problem. Right, come on, Rani. I need to see a friend. A very old friend. Brigadier, sir. Major Kilburne. What a surprise. Your wife let me in. Oh, yes. What can I do for you? I'm here to de-brief you, sir. On your mission in Peru. On my what? Good God, man, I'm retired. I don't do missions any more. And I certainly don't do de-briefings. I'm sorry, Sir Alistair, but you do remain UNIT's special envoy. Yes, which allows you to dust me down once in a while before sending me off on some fool's errand to Peru. I'm sorry, sir, but the Homeworld Security Mandate dictates... Homeworld Security! That's the trouble with UNIT these days. Too many buzz-words, too many directives. At least in my day we maintained the benefit of common sense. With respect, Sir Alistair, UNIT has had to adapt to the challenges of a more hostile universe. In my day, we took on Daleks, Cybermen, Autons, Zygons and all manner of space-thuggery, and it doesn't get more hostile than that! No, Brigadier, you're so right. It doesn't. Sarah Jane Smith! Hello, Sir Alastair! It's been a long time. Oh, yes, it has! Major Kilburne, Miss Smith. It's an honour to meet you. I've read most of your files. Some are still level 1 security restricted. I'm only level 2. My files have a higher security rating than I ever did. I think we're finished here, Major. Yes, sir. Good day, Sir Alistair. Miss Smith. Sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt. I'm afraid this isn't a social call. I would almost be disappointed if it were. How can I help you? I need to break into the Black Archive. Oh. I've met some pretty nasty characters since I hooked up with Sarah Jane. But as far as I'm concerned, none of them can hold a candle to my old man for what he did to me and my mum. But at the same time, he was my dad. Without him, I wouldn't even be here. That's what I'm thinking. About Mrs Wormwood. I want to see her. Sarah Jane told you to keep away. I don't know, it's not like she wanted a kid, is it? The Bane wanted to take over the world and eat us. Believe me, that's something most families don't want to talk about. I'm going. Please. DOOR OPENS Luke. I see you haven't abandoned me. Thank you. I want to ask you some questions. Of course. Release me, and we can talk. I'm not going to release you. I won't harm you. I created you. It must have been very difficult for you, Luke, being born into this strange world, knowing so much and yet... nothing at all. I was born running. Sarah Jane gave me a name. I like Luke. I like Luke. She made me into a person. From the raw material I provided. How does it feel to be so special? It isn't always easy. Is that why you wanted to talk? Do you hate me for giving you life? I enjoy my life. But this world is complicated, however clever you are. And sometimes, you feel so isolated. You are quite unique throughout the entire universe, alone in its darkness... ..without blood kin... ..just as I am. So that's the Black Archive facility? Yes. No-one's allowed anywhere near there without level 1 clearance. But they won't look twice if you drive up. All the same, if they were to catch you in there, it won't go well. There's no other way. I won't risk UNIT taking an interest in Luke. For men like Major Kilburne, he isn't human. That means he's a threat. Their agent is already on his way. We have to get the scroll, find Horath and stop them bringing him back to life! Better get in the back, and get down. Thank you, sir. Thank you. Pass through, sir. We're here. Stay put while I check the coast is clear. Brigadier, what are you doing here? Major Kilburne, this must be my lucky day. Sir, I'm sorry we got off on the wrong foot earlier. I fully understand the debt the world owes to you and the men of UNIT in the past. That's very gracious of you, Major. Perhaps we could go for dinner some time, sir. I'd be fascinated to hear some of your stories about the old days. Yes, of course. I look forward to it. By the way... you didn't say, sir. What are you doing at the archive? My memoirs, Major. Now that the cat's out of the bag about aliens, it seems as good a time as any to tell a few of those stories about the old days. I see. Just don't give away our secrets, will you, sir? Come on, quickly. In there. This will get you into the archive. You'll move faster without me. I'll keep watch out here. Come on, Rani. Thank you! It's huge! Shh! The most extensive collection of alien artefacts anywhere on Earth. You mean the authorities have known about aliens all this time? So since Roswell, all they've been doing is lying to us? Oh, Roswell was nothing. Queen Victoria knew about aliens. I bet she wasn't amused. No, I don't believe she was. Got it. Tunguska Scroll, Section E - 4.6. Come on. All quiet? Sir. THUD This is it. How beautiful! DOORBELL RINGS Sorry, this isn't a good time. Luke! Luke, it's attack of the one-eyed squiddy things! Something's happened! They've found me! They will eat me alive. Help me, I am your mother! Security breach. Show me the pictures, now! Quick, we have to get out. We have a security breach! I can't hold it for much longer. We have to escape. The back way! What's she doing out? We couldn't leave her. They'd kill her. OK, on three, run for it. One...forget it, just run! This is not good. Let's go back. My sonic disruptor isn't working. Containment vortex must have drained its power. Brigadier! Stay where you are, sir! Stand down, Major Kilburne. That's an order. You're retired, Sir Alistair. Have you forgotten? Hands on your heads, all of you! Major! Do as he says, Brigadier. I have the situation secure. Aaagh! I sonicked their earpieces. Hold on. Stop that car! At least I'll have the satisfaction of giving you food poisoning! Such perfect timing. Do you have it, the consciousness of Horath? I have it hidden. It is safe. Then soon, Sarah Jane Smith shall lead us to Horath, and make us emperors of the galaxy. And she will crawl before me as we crush her world. Oh, the sweetness of revenge. Kaagh is the consciousness of Horath. He is the Bane's agent. Give me the scroll. You alien chaps never get the message. Shall I destroy them now? I'll come with you. My boy. You cannot escape! It will be eliminated! The age of Wormwood approaches! 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 