The Sarah Jane Adventures: Season 3, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 The Sarah Jane Adventures 
 s3e1 - Prisoner of the Judoon: Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 The Sarah Jane Adventures (2007–2011): Season 3, Episode 1 - Prisoner of the Judoon: Part 1 - full transcript 
 When a space pod crashes near to her house Sarah Jane and her gang investigate. A Judoon officer Captain Tybo is pursuing a renegade Vail called Androvax, who is bent on destroying all the planets in the galaxy. He takes over and possesses Sarah Jane who, acting out of character because of the possession, orders Mr. Smith to auto-destruct. A countdown of one minute begins. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 13 Bannerman Road is where Sarah Jane Smith lives. And it's home to things way beyond your imagination. There's an extra-terrestrial supercomputer in the wall, a genetically engineered boy genius in the attic, a schoolgirl investigator across the road and a whole universe of adventure, right here on the doorstep. Ready? Always. 'My name is Sarah Jane Smith and, once, I travelled among the stars. 'I saw worlds beyond imagination. 'I went to places beyond my wildest dreams and met creatures beyond my 'darkest nightmares. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 'And all of it was amazing. 'Then one day, when I wasn't expecting it, I came home. 'Life changed. 'More than I could ever have believed possible. 'Now I have a son. 'Even a family, of sorts. 'Life is good on Bannerman Road, 'even if you sometimes have to work at a weekend.' Thank you for agreeing to see me on a Sunday, Mr Yorke. No problem, Miss Smith. Nanotechnology is the science of molecular engineering. This is where we grow the nanoforms... our microscopic engineers. Please. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 Robots. Too small to see with the naked eye, but with the potential of giants. Incredible. One day they will build us anything we want, everything we need - from simple atoms. Fix a punctured tyre or repair a damaged human heart. Who knows, even construct a whole new planet. Or destroy the one we already have, according to some environmental scientists. Nanoforms out of control, eating up all matter? It's hogwash, Miss Smith. But is it true that despite your dramatic claims for your nanoforms, your results have been somewhat exaggerated to secure investment? That investors are unlikely to see a return on their money for maybe 100 years? I'll take that as a "no comment", shall I? 'As I said, my life changed. 'But I love my job. 'And my life. 'Because despite all the amazing things I saw other planets, 'I've learnt that living on Earth can be just as exciting. 'If you keep your eyes and your mind open, you'll find 'extraordinary things happen everywhere. 'Even on your street. 'Because once you've seen the universe for real, nothing ever 'looks quite the same again.' So, what was that? A meteor? Or a comet? Something cool? Tell me it was something cool. A body entering the Earth's atmosphere generates temperatures in excess of 1,600 degrees centigrade. No way was it something cool, Clyde. You've still got a way to go with that humour thing, my young padawan. Come on! Mr Smith, I need you. 'Sarah Jane. 'I assume you witnessed the extra-terrestrial 'body that entered the atmosphere?' You're on the ball, Mr Smith. 'Indeed, Rani. 'I have been tracking the object 'since it entered solar space, 45 minutes ago.' It crossed the solar system in 45 minutes? Well, we're not talking about a meteor, are we? 'I detected the matter signature of ionic pulse fusion engines.' Now that sounds cool! 'I intercepted the following distress signal...' Gorbo yo momo. Jojo ko fo. Gorbo yo momo. Jojo ko fo. Oh, boy. A talking rhino! He's Judoon. They work for the Shadow Proclamation. Sort of galactic policemen. So, they're the good guys? Depends on your point of view. From what I've heard, their methods aren't softly-softly. 'UNIT have isolated the spacecraft crash site.' It's not our problem, then. Leave it to the professionals. Terrific. 'But UNIT seem unaware of the lifepod 'that was ejected before impact.' Lifepod? 'My calculations suggest that it fell some ten miles outside the UNIT 'isolation zone, in the abandoned Brindley Chase Council Estate.' Yes! It takes a lot to knock a Judoon off his feet. But someone might be injured. They might need our help. If they're already looking for this ship, isn't it best left to UNIT? What? An alien ship with a rhinoceros for a pilot crash lands and you want UNIT to have all the fun? Luke's got a point. Do we really want to go upsetting UNIT, again. How do we explain that we know it ejected a lifepod? They don't know about Mr Smith - and they're not going to. Plus, I've heard the Judoon aren't bright. Oh, great. A pan-galactic PC Plod! UNIT carry guns and so do the Judoon. If you ask me, that spells trouble. Sarah! Sarah JANE. Sorry. Wait up! Oh, are you off out somewhere? Yes, Mum. According to the news that meteor came down near here. We're taking a look. So we are in a bit of a hurry. No problem, darling. I'm stepping up the corporate side of the flower shop. "Corporate side"? Fascinating. I was just wondering, with your contacts, whether you had suggestions, people I could approach? My contacts? Oh, really, Gita, my normal contacts don't usually have much interest in flowers. Unless they're Triffids. Corporate buildings these days - all glass and steel. Mum, shouldn't we be going? Yes. Oh, Gita, why don't you take a look at these people? A little flower power is just what they need. Come on, everybody. This estate has been on the council's urban renewal list for years. The Judoon's lifepod has helped with the demolition. You take us to all the best places, Sarah Jane(!) Just as well everyone's moved out. Do you think whoever was in that lifepod survived? Get down! I guess that answers that question! Rhinoman! Get down! Stop firing! We're on your side! He isn't firing at us. Look! Sho bo ko jo! He nearly blew our heads off! Moron! Oh, no... What is it? Remember the Judoon are policemen? I think what crashed here was some sort of prison carrier. And Rhino Rozzer's lost his prisoner? Its only interest is in stopping that creature getting away. Humans don't matter. Under the Articles of the Shadow Proclamation we barely exist - too primitive. A planet could start to get a complex. Come on! Where are you going? Maybe we can help him catch his convict before anyone else gets in his way! That's a map pocket in the driver's door, Gita, not a pick and mix box. Oh, come on, Haresh. It's well-known that sucking on a sweetie improves the concentration. Huh. You wouldn't believe the dents these have saved your car from. Is that supposed to make me feel better? What have you've got there? Nanotechnology? It's the future. I've read about that. Microscopic robots that can build anything, practically out of thin air. They say we'll all have them inside us and they'll turn every one of us into perfect human beings. I can think of a few pupils who could do with something like that. I'm telling you, it's the future. Well, mine, anyway. Bloomin' Lovely is going nanotech. Sorry? Come on, I'll explain it to you on the way to the shop. Judoon! They went this way. Look. What's happened to him? He's been knocked cold. Wo sho bro fro cho! Whoa, you need a mint, mate! Careful, stand back. Mo wo sho cho! It's all right - we're friends. Take it easy. You're injured. My name is Sarah Jane Smith, I mean you no harm. That is, as long as you don't harm us. Language assimilated. Earth English. You will be catalogued. Species, human. Well, duh, you are on Earth. You have taken Judoon officer's weapon. You assist prisoner's escape. We didn't help anyone escape. We're trying to help you. Yeah. Your prisoner clobbered you and ran off. We only took your gun because you nearly blew our heads off! Who do you think you are, Jack Bauer? You impede Judoon in duties. Sentence is execution. You're not in any shape to execute anyone, let alone your only friends on this planet. Your prisoner hit you pretty hard. Who is he? More importantly, how dangerous is he? He is destroyer of worlds. Here. For the blood. I, Tybo. Captain of 1,005th Judoon Guard. I'm very pleased to meet you, Captain, but what I really want to know is, who was your prisoner? Androvax the Annihilator. Wanted in five galaxies. 12 counts of global destruction. And you let him get away? Whoops! Is your butt rhinoburger when you get back to the station. Didn't you have him in handcuffs, or something? Prisoner was secured. I do not answer to humans! You crashed and let some creature that has destroyed 12 planets loose on ours. I think you answer to all of us, Captain Tybo! I will recapture. Mummy! Julie! Argh! What was that? Luke, Rani. Stay with Captain Tybo. Clyde, come with me! And leave the gun! Wait for me! Hello? The monster... It's all right. It's gone, it's gone now. You're safe. It...it took my mummy. MOBILE RINGS Don't worry, Sarah Jane will find your prisoner. Hello? Mum? Luke. 'How is Captain Tybo?' I think he's going to be all right. 'Keep him occupied.' We're in that church hall that we passed. Keep him out of the way for as long as you can. 'We think Androvax has taken a little girl's mum hostage.' I have to find them first. 'OK, Mum.' We'll take care of it. 'Stay alert.' Yes, we'll be careful. Bye. Mum thinks Androvax is heading back to the crash site. I hunt. I've had a look around. There's no sign of Androvax or Julie's mum. I don't understand. What would a "destroyer of worlds" want with a little girl's mum. I don't know. A hostage? Something to bargain with? Then Androvax doesn't know Captain Tybo, does he? Tybo won't let something like a human get in the way of his trigger finger. Which is exactly why we have to find Androvax before Tybo does. This isn't going to work, Luke. Tybo's going to realise that we're having him on. And I don't think Judoon has much of a sense of humour. Mum just needs some time. If Tybo catches up with Androvax that girl's mum won't stand a chance. If he catches on to us, neither will we. It was a monster! It was an alien. Not a monster. Aliens, they're people, just like us. They just look a bit different, that's all. No! It was scary! It...it looked horrible! We probably look pretty awful to him, too. This is a strange place to him. I'm sure he's just as scared as you are. Sarah Jane's right. I reckon he just wants your mum to help him... phone...home. Or something. But the important thing is you have to trust me, Julie. You have to trust me to find your mum and to look after you. I trust you, Sarah Jane. Good. And then perhaps you can tell me why my scanner has been reading you as not really human? Sarah Jane! Stay where you are. What do you want? I'm at the top of the Judoon's Most Wanted List. I want to stay there. Let Sarah Jane go! I don't think so. No! Leave her alone! Androvax not here. Did not return. No trace. You lie! No! It wasn't a lie... It was a mistake. There's a difference. A mistake isn't a crime. Even to the Judoon. Give to me. That's my phone. Communication device cost time. No good. Give. Better than being executed, I suppose. But I want that back. That was a birthday...present. No more mistake. This must be where Androvax took the girl's mum hostage. Sarah Jane's gone now, so maybe we're OK. Androvax was here. Evidence of humans, also. Could've been anyone. Trace. Trans-body fusion energy. What's that? What are you doing? Source located. Clyde! He's in a trance state. I've seen my mum like this, when Mrs Wormwood kidnapped her! Clyde! Wake up! Where's Mum? Method ineffective. What? Get off! - What happened?  - Androvax. He stepped inside her. He did what? Where's Mum? It was weird. It was like he just stepped inside her body. Androvax is Veil life form. Can hide inside bodies of other beings. And you didn't think to tell us? Knowledge not relevant. Not relevant?! Now your escaped prisoner is hiding inside my mum. I'd say that's pretty relevant, wouldn't you? Is that the girl? We'd better go. You'd be difficult to explain. Her mum's waking up, too. - Come on.  - Yeah. And has anybody got a towel? Mr Smith... I need you. This is crazy. If we're going to find Sarah Jane or Androvax, whatever... then we're going to need a lift Who's going to stop for him? We could say it's fancy dress. POLICE SIREN Quick! Get him out of sight. Transportation. No! That's the police! Then they will co-operate. This cannot be good. He's got a gun. Commandeering your vehicle. That's an order. What's going on? Er, he's from...out of town. Requisition slip. I'd take it if I were you. Come on, get out of here. Co-operation appreciated. Let's go. Are you sure you can drive? I am trained to pilot all methods of apprehension. Handbrake unnecessary. 'Sarah Jane, you look different.' Thank you, Mr Smith. You could say I've had someone walk into my life. 'I'm detecting an alien presence.' Ignore it. 'But my analysis suggests that it's a Veil life form.' Mr Smith, is your central processor fully functioning? 'I believe so.' If you want it to stay that way, you'll do what you're supposed to do and obey me. Got that? 'Yes, Sarah Jane. Understood.' Good. Then maybe we can get started. You are the most powerful computer on this odd little planet, aren't you? 'I'm a Xylok. I'm more than a computer.' But you can infiltrate any computer system on Earth. No matter how they're defended, right? 'If that were Sarah Jane I was talking to 'she wouldn't need to ask.' I am Sarah Jane. I've just been upgraded. And you will obey me, because, as I understand, that is what you're programmed to do. That is your purpose. 'What do you want, Miss Smith?' That's better. Can't you go any faster? Speed limit 30-miles-an-hour. What is it with you? Don't they get Starsky and Hutch repeats in Judoonland? It is law. It's a police car, you can turn on the blues and twos. Undercover operation. Tybo... What are you doing? Attention! Noise exceeds permitted levels. Turn down. Have nice day. Mum? According to this brochure, this building stretches back for miles. Well, a long way, anyway. It says here, "the square footage is the biggest in West London." Is it really? I hope I've got enough plants. Oh, might have to get a second van-load. This is ridiculous, Gita. You're going to get us arrested. Don't be such a wet blanket, Haresh. You're not in school now. No, but I'd still like to have a job there tomorrow. No-one's going to arrest you. We're not breaking any laws. I've read about this sort of thing. People go about, dead of night, planting flowers and bushes around the city. Guerilla planting, they call it. We're not planting in the city. We're dumping dozens of plants in the reception of a major corporation. You've had some barmy ideas, Gita, but this beats them all. Wait till they see how much nicer all this unfriendly glass and steel will look with some flowers and greenery. I still think sending them a letter, a brochure, would be a more conventional approach. You see, conventional. That's your problem, my darling. If you want to grow in corporate floristry, you have to learn to think outside the seed box. It's a plant-eat-plant world, Haresh. Believe me. Come on! Careful with that cheese plant! There's no car. Mum isn't here. Doesn't mean she hasn't been. Come on. No Androvax. Must keep looking. No! You can't go stomping around! You're an alien! Someone'll notice. If Mum was here, there could be a clue as to where they've gone. Clue? Oh, boy! Don't they teach you anything in Judoon Police Academy? All I need. What's that? Judoon recovery mission. Entered solar space. More Judoon. Why does that not sound like a good thing? Androvax not escape! And what about my mum? Androvax capture and trial. Priority. Humans irrelevant. Tybo crossed the solar system in 45 minutes. We've got to find Sarah Jane before they get here. BLEEPING Trace. Trans-body fusion energy. Androvax was here. Come on. I've moved the van. At least they won't do us for obstruction, as well. Haresh, just chill out. There, perfect. Do you want to tell me what you think you're doing? Oh. Hello. Here's my card. Gita Chandra. Florist. Bloomin' Lovely. Bloomin' marvellous. I think you'd better come with me. What did I tell you? You and your bright ideas! Stop worrying. I told you, Sarah knows the chief executive. It's all going to be fine. They were doing what? Plants? What sort of plants? Hello again, Mr Yorke. Sonic lipstick. Handy little toy. Especially for getting in places I shouldn't be. Security! You're wasting your time, Mr Yorke. I've disabled the entire Genetec communications system. Have to tell you, it seems a pretty extreme way of continuing our conversation, Miss Smith. I'm done talking, Mr Yorke. I want...your nanoforms. What? They're going to build me something. Something...very special. Mr Smith, we need you! ALARM WAILS 'Luke! Clyde! Rani! Run! 'Get out of the house, now!' I don't understand. 'Sarah Jane has instructed my self-detonation 'protocols to initiate on activation. 'I will explode in 60 seconds.' Oh, boy. 'The explosion will destroy all of Bannerman Road. 'You must run! Now!' The nanoforms, they're multiplying. They're responding to my programming. The safety protocols can't cope with that rate of multiplication. They'll swarm. I'm releasing them to build my ship. If they get into the environment they'll take the planet apart! Do your work! Destroy...Earth! Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd E-mail subtitling@bbc.co.uk 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 