Being Human: Season 2, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Being Human 
 s2e4 - (I Loathe You) For Sentimental Reasons - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Being Human (2011–2014): Season 2, Episode 4 - (I Loathe You) For Sentimental Reasons - full transcript 
 Aidan struggles against falling back into his old lifestyle, Josh meets a brother and sister werewolf who may want the same thing he does, and Sally reconnects with an old friend. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on Being Human. No one else have rights to goes to the nursery. You're not dead and you're talking to me? There's something after me. Something in dark, that I let loose into my part. Aaah! Get off! Get me out! This is what happens when you take. You lose control. Nora! You're a killer. I want to work on finding a cure. I need to fix this, I need to try and fix this for you! We've gathered here to confirm the best vampire to lead Boston. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 That person is my daughter. I will work for you, but I could never be like you. I haven't eaten. The hospital put the supply under lock and key. I'm gonna get sick and then the hunger takes over. Still nice to have something to fall back to, huh? Most people can't do it, cover up their true feelings pretend to be something they're not. I can't, baby. I got nothing left. Um, I'll pay you double. Just one more time. Then I'll be dead. I'll tell you what. You come back later. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'll talk to Darla. Maybe she can take care of you. Fine. Anyone asks--- I know, you were never here. But it doesn't change who you are or what you are. No nightmares? None. Nothing big, scary or disembodied coming after you? Nope, not for a couple weeks. Congratulations. It's a start. Does this not fast-track me to reincarnation? Come on, I'm sure one of these sick guys could use my help. I'm ready. Pull me in, coach. We still don't know what you saw or if it's gone for good. I run this group for ghosts, meet once a week. Why do I need other ghosts? I have you and you know all about them. You realize you are one of them. Well, I'm kind of a special case. After all, I did-- "Turn down my door to help a friend." We know. Too bad you're already dead or we'd put it on your tombstone. I just don't wanna take a spot in your group for somebody who actually needs it. Like a ghost who thinks she summoned pure evil into the world? If you hate what you are, you'll do anything to deny it. You'll feed the line till it becomes real. But who you are doesn't go away. It waits for you. Hey, there. I was hoping I'd see you here. Hello, Dr. Forest! So, um, any change on the Lothian girl Nope. Pulse, "ox" levels steady? Correct. Huh! Whatever you're doing, it's working wonders. He's cute! Zoe? OK. Nice chat. Were you playing hard to get or were you auditioning for the Miracle Worker? How much time do you spend around humans? All day. That don't spit up on you? Don't you think it's time to try? Never saw a reason to. I did. And you just let him walk away. We put so much work into hiding what's really there, a new coat of paint on rotted wood, creative accounting, the comb-over. But then you realize that lie you've spent so much time crafting... Excuse me. I need your help. The police brought my brother here. They won't even let me see him. Do you know where he is? The psych ward. I need you to help me get him out. I can't do that. You work here, right? The scrubs, right. They--they confuse a lot of people. I'm not a doctor. I'm not a nurse. I'm just an orderly. I'm not asking because you're a doctor. ...in the end, the only person your lie ever fools... I'm asking because you're a wolf. ...is you. BEING HUMAN - I Loathe You for Sentimental Reasons - Sync and corrected by dr.jackson for www.addic7ed.com How did you know I'm a wolf? Am I giving something off? I'm a wolf too. I've always been able to tell and so can Connor. Your brother? Yeah, and he's not crazy. He just got into a fight. He almost never does this kind of thing. Almost never isn't exactly helping his case. I know! OK, look, some guys were picking on him. He wouldn't stop. He wouldn't back down. He lost it. And when the cops came, he couldn't pull it together, so they brought him here. I'm sure he's a nice fellow, OK? But maybe this is exactly where he needs to be right now. No, no, no. We can't leave him here. What if they start running tests on him and he comes back different? They're gonna treat him like some lap animal. How long can they hold him here? Involuntary hold is a week. That puts us into a full moon. Then your brother's not the one I'm worried about. OK, listen to me. There's a service entrance around back. Meet us there in 10 minutes, OK? OK. Why can't we eat in my office? There are no bugs. And no people. Why you so happy? I hate you a lot right now. Just follow my lead. You'll do great. I never see you out here. Because I don't like it. You hungry? Can't beat vending- machine tuna. Allergic. But thank you. But thank you. But thank you! No problem. So I hear you grew up in Sudbury. My mom taught high school there. - Tell him that's interesting. - It's not. What's not? Nothing. I mean, what you were saying, it wasn't interesting. Noted. So Sudbury, my mother and tuna are now off limits. And the outdoors. Come on! Just give the guy a hair flip and chuckle. Hair flip! Come on, this is 5th-grade stuff, Gonzalez! Anyway, I should, um... I should get back. Can't argue with that. Can't argue with that. OK, OK. Let's say we have some room for improvement. When was your last date? Hey, do you guys notice anything extra wolfy about me today? No. You look normal. Pale Rider over here doesn't look so hot though. Had a rough night. That's all. Why are you so worried about the wolf thing? Well, because another werewolf walked right up to me today and called me out. What you do? I helped her werewolf brother break out of the psych ward. I know it wasn't a perfect plan, but I--I just-- I felt bad for the guy. I mean, he seemed harmless. - Like Danny. - Like Ray. I didn't know what else to do. OK? It was either let the guy go or turn the psych ward into Thunderdome. I'm sure it's fine. What do you guys know about Dr. Forest? Tim? You guys hang out? He's a doctor. I'm an orderly. He's new. I don't really know that much about him. New? Perfect! He'll be like training wheels for Zoe. I did see him have lunch with a woman last week. Lunch? Whatever. Serious couples eat at night. Weird Zoe and the hot doc? No, that's like Jack Bauer dating Chloe. It's like you kind of want to see it but not really. You just let a werewolf out of the nut-wing, so guess who doesn't get a vote! Who's home tonight? I am. Nora's working doubles all week. Don't wait up. I got some things to do first. You know how creepy that sounds, right? I hope she's worth it. Who do you think you are? The unluckiest vampire in Boston again. If you truly were a great warrior, and not just some hollow reputation, off doing something useful instead of harassing me. Sister, if you give me a lecture on squandered talent, let me pull up a chair. You're the expert. You think my guards in Newport or Chicago would ever lay a finger on me? Of course not. They all want something from you. I just want you gone. At least their people understand how to treat us. You want to be treated like a royal, act like one, and stop using your mother as an excuse to do nothing! You're late, but at least you look like crap. Tell me, when is this nonsense of you not feeding going to stop? I'm here, aren't I? Barely. How am I supposed to run Boston when this is what I have to work with? Who is this? Someone I want you to meet. So, he's one too? - One what? - A vampire. Relax. He knows about us. A girl that worked for me, a dancer, she got a very generous offer, but not for sex, for blood. So, I started asking around, connected a few dots, and here I am. But I'm not here to break up anyone's party. What do you want? I wanna become one of you. Not interested. We haven't even heard his offer. I can get you access, hmm? Politicians, judges. you need girls or boys for your blood-den places, they're yours. Something goes wrong, well, we handle the waste- management side of things too. In exchange, we grant you the strength to wipe out anyone who stands in your way. You sky-rocket through the mob ranks, we get little, you get immortality. Nah-uh. No, we don't need his help. Until I get it from my own people, I do. I've heard about your orphan problem too, hmm? The vamps you cut loose, they're, uh, they're getting desperate, sloppy. Yesterday, one of them grabbed a couple girls at a soccer practice. That keeps happening, well, that comes back to you. We can handle the orphans. Look, all I wanna do is help, hmm? They're living outside the law. The people they talk to talk to me. And you can tell us where they are. Well, uh, I'll do you one better. I love that! He was all drunk. But I still needed 3 guys and a shovel to take him down. Grabbing kids in broad daylight. I'm embarrassed for you. And this is why we have cops who work for us. They can handle this. You take somebody's kid, and nobody's looking to the cops to make it right. They come to my associates. We know nothing about this guy. I know he's done more to cull the orphans than you have. What? Hey, you got show me how to do that. Heart, wood. We'll be in touch. God, Aidan, you need a drink! You want out of this life so badly, you should be begging me to take his offer6 Puts you on the road to freedom from all of us... ...from me. Look, this was never about getting away from you. If we turn him then he's our responsibility, and the only thing that we know about him is that he'd be willing to sell out his own family for a better offer! No, there are other options. Like what? Turn out new vampires the way Bishop did? Brag about going public and ruling humans? As if I would waste my time with them. Mother says we live best when we are least seen. Yes. And his offer gets me that. And I agree with that philosophy, but not like this. Not with him! She can't treat you like this, Aidan. Forty minutes late. and counting. Who does she think she is? She knows exactly who she is. Let it go, Henry. You've protected Boston for decades, but she treats you like her nanny. You are so far above this. Soon enough, she and Mother and the whole circus will move on. You've given everything to this family, to Mother. And how do they repay you? By making you do it all over again forever. Your concern is touching, Henry. Wouldn't have anything to do with the fact that more power for me means more power for you, would it? When you turned me, you made it sound like steak dinners and chorus girls. This is one step up from a bread line. Bread line? That's exactly where you would be if it weren't for me. You are one of the lucky few. Don't ever forget that. And don't forget who gave it to you. You opened a door for me. But now you make me stand on the outside, looking in, Brushing shoulders with royalty while I cool my heels out here. You make excuses for Suren, "it's not her fault," blaming Mother for giving her all this power and no responsibility. Close your trap or I will. Fine. But tell me how you're so different from Mother. How come you make excuses for Suren and not the child you made? Tired of making excuses for Suren. She thinks I'm gonna wait one more-- I'm sorry if I kept you waiting. No apology necessary. But thank you. Go to Covella's and buy yourself a real suit. I'll talk to Mother about putting you on Suren's detail. And wipe that smile off your face. Whoa! Whoa, whoa! I have very sensitive retinas, so... Hey. We couldn't stick around, but Connor wanted say thanks. What you did back there, man, that was a, uh, that was a prime move. Right. Well, I'm sure you would've done the same for me. Clearly, you don't know my brother. But let's change that. Please, allow us to thank you properly. We're going out. You should come. Thank you. Thanks, but no, thanks. Come on! It's been a long time since we met one of us that actually wanted to hang out with. Yeah. I don't-- I've never met a brother and sister who both got turned. How old were you guys? We weren't turned. We're purebreds, Josh. You mean you were born this way? You need that drink more than I do. Have you ever been here? Once in college. They wouldn't let me in. It was a private party. Thanks, Cochise. Thank you, Mr. Cochise. His name's not Cochise. Your brother just called him that. He calls everybody that so he doesn't have to remember their names. Does he know he sounds like a tool? You know, I'd like to say no, but I have seen him practice his "Cochises" in the mirror. If it isn't my favourite mind reader. Come here. Mmm! Mmm! This guy with his little wallet and everything. Adorable! Yeah, yeah. That's because I come from a planet where people actually have to pay for things. I don't, uh, I don't really party. Do people still call it that even? I don't-- It's OK. Yeah, I'm--I'm--- It's aconite. Which is druggie-speak for what exactly? It's not a drug, it's a herb. Most people call it wolfsbane. It's like wolf Xanax. So why does he need to take it? You know how you feel before a turn? Your senses are on fire, you're sharp but you kind of wanna jump out of your own skin? That's how we feel all the time. That's how you knew I was a wolf. Yeah, and why Connor acts like an idiot unless he gets a little aconite to take the edge off. So he's not trying to get high? No. He's trying to be normal. I don't know why I froze up with Dr. Forest. There's something about him. He's too good-looking or too smooth. Too not dead. I think you're way more into him than I am. But you're human. Don't remind me. Ghosts are easier. No time to waste, just wanna move on. If ghosts are so well-adjusted, then why do they need a support group? They want resolution. Didn't say they have it. Dear. What? Dude with ponytail, twelve o'clock, looks like he died on a retreat. Hey, Gus. OK, braless lady with the drawstring pants. That'd be Jane. I can hear the over-sharing now. They need help, just like you. Blech. You know what? I know I said that I'd give this a try, but, um, these aren't my people, so I'm just gonna-- Nick? You 2 know each other? From college. Hi. And after. If we were alive, this is where we'd have to decide on, um... Hey, Walter. ...going for the awkward hug. Yeah, so glad that's off the table. - Um, I'm sorry about that-- - I'm sorry I was so harsh. No, I was a wuss. Anyway, I'm-- I'm glad you're here. Me too. Mom and Dad traced our line back to Scotland, 12 or 13 generations. We still have an estate in the highlands. You guys ever been or... Nah. I try to make it to the British Open in St. Andrew's, but otherwise, why bother, right? Yeah, I don't even really know how to respond to that. I mean, I can see that you're speaking English. I know your lips are moving, but-- I know it's not a life you hear about everyday. But neither is yours. Yeah, how'd you go from MIT to being an orderly? What am I missing here? Maybe the part where I turn into a canine, a serial killer once a month. Please, don't be one of those people who uses the wolf as an excuse. I'm not making excuses, but it is a reality. I'm trying to deal. I'm--I'm tr-- Trying to find a cure. What, you're looking for a cure too? Come on, you make it seem like you're slaving away in a lab. I've been thinking about it for years! Mmm! Same way you think about solar power and ways to destroy the yen? Yeah. Come on. What you got? Show me your work. I only started last month. It's not like I've got endless cash to pay for research, you know? Right, but what if you did? No, you're misunderstanding. That's now what I meant. I'm not asking for your help. I'm offering, Josh. So where's the lab? I'll come by tomorrow. I shouldn't have brought it up. So now you're not even gonna tell me where it is? You serious about it or you just wanna clean piss pots for the rest of your life? The wolfsbane wears off fast. OK, everybody just calm down. Connor, let it go. No, no, no... Why am I the jerk, hmm? We take him out, we treat him like one of us. And now I try to help the guy and I'm the jackass, yeah? Last train's in 10 minutes. I'm gonna go. Brynn, it was really nice meeting you. Here you go. It's been 10 months and 2 days since my last possession. Um... Today I saw a guy playing with his stupid dog. I wanted to remember that feeling so bad, I almost jumped in. And then I remembered how it wrecked me, how it almost destroyed me. Well, the more I did it, the more I needed it. Well, then I met you guys, got clean. Now I know I can make it to 10 months and 3 days. - Thanks, Walter. - Good job. All right, everyone. See you next week. OK, thanks. I wanted you know that you are the reason I started coming here. I am. You calling me an "emo" loser in love with my own drama, made me realize it was time to get help. I never said that... out loud. It was the kick in the butt that I needed. Hey, I heard about a micro-gastronomy place that opened up near Copley. If I promise no death talk, you want to, uh, go haunt the kitchen? Yeah. Yeah? Yeah, I'd like that. Cool. Come on! Hi. Is Tracy here? No, I'm Darla. But she said you might need something. I can't believe how good Nick looks. That whole mopey sheen was just gone. It's amazing how much he's changed. And can you believe that I triggered all that? It's, like, I mean, if he's really gotten better, then maybe I will start dating him again. Again? Nick never told me you two dated. Well, we kind of just bumped energies a couple times in my kitchen. He never mentioned that either. Why would he? Because we're sort of seeing each other. You--you are? I figured you didn't know. Why else would you mention the energy-bumping? So-- That's, uh... That's great. Really good. - Is it? - Yeah! Yes! Yes, so very great. We think so too. And none of it would've happened without you. You pushing Dr. Tim so hard made me ask myself what I really wanted. And you wanted Nick. Ha! Well, that-- I mean, that's good, because I told you that we would find somebody. I was actually talking about somebody human, like you, but those are details. I don't know where it's going. I mean, where can it go? I don't know. But right now it kind of feels like what they talk about in junior high, like a first love, and... I never got that. Big A! Yuck, you look like I feel. What happened to your, uh, quiet night at home? Turns out psycho-ward werewolf and his sister like to party. And this you're gonna love. They want to help me find a cure. - Bastards. - No, no, no. No, you'd turn them down too if you met them. They're pretty hateable. OK. That's your "judge-y" OK. Don't. Listen, in my defense, I would've hated them just as much before I was attacked. Connor's that guy who got the new car at 16 then crashed it, so his parents bought him a better one at 17. And I'm pretty she had a pony when she was a little girl right up until the day that she ate it! And she's the one I like! Man, they're--they're rich, they're entitled. Mm-hmm. Yeah, they do sound hateable. Come on. I need you to finish me off. Of course. Why do you think Mother assigned you as my escort? Because anyone else would've thrown you off a roof. Has it been that awful? It's had its perks. I think Mother knew exactly what she was doing when she chose you. What if we had met on the street, just 2 strangers, instead of you always telling me no and me having to outsmart you? I expect we would have liked each other very much, until I got to know you and threw you off a roof. You told me it was time to make my own decisions. But you were wrong about one thing. I will never be allowed out of Mother's shadow, unless I leave, give up all this. I never saw a better option, until now... until you. Suren... Come on, Aidan. We didn't meet as strangers. Aidan! But? But how many people are there who know what you're going through and will help? What would you do? If accepting their offer will lead you to a cure, take it. Give yourself a break. We're always saying no to people like them, because... because we're afraid of becoming them, but we don't have to. Saying yes gets you your life back. Say yes. I'm tired of fighting, Suren. You want to turn this mobster, let's turn him. You have a royal begging you for it. And you have some stones listening in on us. All you had to do was say yes, and everything would be different for us. You're right. It would've been a disaster. They're not like us. The consequences for their actions roll downhill. This was our chance! Anyone who gets in bed with the royal may as well stick his head in a guillotine. You always said Suren was different. Why not try? You don't think I've considered it? Mother would never allow it. Suren and I would have to disappear. Two suitcases, 2 train tickets and never look back and she-- She's not ready to give this up. You wouldn't have to run. Stay on Mother's good side. We can have what they have. And in a thousand years, we will. But we could have it now. I've seen the way she looks at you. Don't tell me you don't want it. It? I'm sorry, Henry. Don't you mean "her"? Or maybe... you were never thinking about Suren at all. You looked happy to see me and you asked me to go to a restaurant, so was I crazy to think that was a date? No, I did want to see you again, uh, to thank you for not dating me, because that's what led me to Zoe. What is that about, really? And you have, like, 50 years before either of you can get any ghost nookie. You thought a lot about this. Yeah, well somebody should. Look, Zoe's a really good person and you're a great guy, Nick, you really are. But you're messed up. You relive your death every single day so that you feel alive. Mm-hmm. That's extra points on the crazy test, Nick. And Zoe deserves better than that. You're right. That's why I stopped doing it. What do you mean? Once I started hanging out with Zoe, I don't know, the whole reliving-my-death thing, I didn't need it, so I stopped. It was that easy? Yeah. Well, why didn't you ever try it with me? I don't know. I guess I wasn't ready. So when it came down to it, you'd rather die every single day than date me? Like I said, it's not the Manhattan Project, but... Nope. What is all this junk? It's pretty basic stuff, actually. I videotape the turn, record temperatures, see what kind of EKG ratings I can get before the wolf eats through the wires. Well, what exactly are you looking for? Whatever makes us different during the change. There must be some kind of mutation I can pinpoint. OK, so let's say you had more money, what would you do first? I'd start with MRIs, as close to the full moon as possible, and a full blood panel. If I can find out what the trigger is that makes us turn and control it, I can turn it off and we can say goodbye to the pooch for good. You're saying that this trigger that you're looking for, if you can turn it off then I can turn it on, right? In theory, you could. Yeah. Why, you guys-- You guys want to be wolves all the time. This is just a huge mistake. Get out! No, no! Get out! No! Wait. - Get out! Get out! - Wait! We can help each other! By turning you into a monster every minute of every day? - No. - Brynn, let's go. - Right now. - Just hold on. Just forget about him, all right? He's just another small-minded mutt! All right. I'll be in the car. Listen to me. The wolf is everything I hate. I can't just let it out into the world. If I felt that way, I wouldn't either. But I don't. Everything I see, taste, do, it is all deadened because of this, defective eyes, weak-ass nose, lousy instincts. Everything that's special, everything that I love about me, I have to push down. This is the best version of you. I don't want it to go away. I do. You feel like a monster one night a month, like something's taking over your body. Think of how it is for us. That feeling of being trapped, of knowing that the best part of you is being held captive by a monster that you hate you feel like that one day a month. Connor and I feel like that the other 29. Good night, Dr. Forest. Good night, Paul. Hey. Hey, you. Baby! So, how are you? Good. I promise you, you won't regret this. Just sit back. You won't feel a thing. You have a legend for a maker. Well, I'll be damned. By the time you wake up, yes, you will. Suren? You're right. I-I-I don't care what Mother says. I just want-- Get out. We were kind of in the middle of something. I gave you everything! Well, now you don't have to anymore. I have her. I warned you how this ends. You made your choice. So have I. Whoa! Whoa! What's he doing? He's coming back to us. He's right, Aidan. It's too much. You're gonna kill him. I told you he'd be useful. This time... she's mine. Hi, it's me. I'm not here. So leave a message after the beep. Hey, Nora. So those twins I told you about, I want you to meet them after all. Um, I need your take. I mean, they're weird. I don't know, there's this other side to them. I think deep down, we all want the same thing. It should illegal to be this happy. Barf. Let's just not break up again to get here. Deal. You OK? Perfect. Mother's going to be pissed. Sync and corrected by dr.jackson for www.addic7ed.com www.tvsubtitles.net 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 