Being Human: Season 2, Episode 5 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Being Human 
 s2e5 - Addicted to Love - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Being Human (2011–2014): Season 2, Episode 5 - Addicted to Love - full transcript 
 Sally gets addicted to possessing a live woman, Josh searches for a cure as Nora explores her connection to her wolf, Aidan is called to task for not yet ridding Boston of the orphan vampires. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Previously on "Being Human". Who did this to you? Let's just say I didn't always go for the nice guy. - I'm a wolf too. - We're purebreds, Josh. You guys wanna be wolves all the time. How much are you around humans? Never saw a reason to. I did, and you just let him walk away. When you turned me, you made it seem like steak dinners and chorus girls. This is one step up from a breadline. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 We can have what they have. I heard about your little orphan problem too. I need my blood. Bishop built up his army and Mother's just gonna kill us all. - What's he doing? - He's coming back to us. At the end of the day, all any of us wants is to feel good. And whether it's a long, wet kiss on a dark night or a needle in the arm, it'll gnaw at you until you give in... Room service. Come in! ...until you let yourself feel good again. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 You can't be full already. And there is nothing else in the world that feels better than giving in to your inner monster. Hey, who said it was time to get dressed? I can't help it. I just love the way it feels on my skin. It's silk chiffon, OK? And I'm not the one who has to hand wash it in the morning, so... What? Or I could just stay naked, if you like me better like that. Meaning measuring neurotransmitters during each phase of the moon and then using that data to optimize serotonin levels could help reduce the pain of the actual change. It's a start anyway. Thanks to your generosity. Connor's always throwing our money around. Better you than champagne rooms. How? How exactly do you plan to measure neurotransmitters and optimize serotonin levels? Because there's one actual medical professional in the room and she doesn't remember volunteering to be a lab rat. Well, you'd just pee in a cup. Well, then I hope my wolf has some damn good aim. I share your frustrations, Nora. I do. But what Josh really needs right now is our patience. I'm sorry, but I met you all of 3 minutes ago. You're trying to put an end to a century's old curse with a video camera that you snagged from our 12-year-old neighbour's garage sale and some seed money originally earmarked for an exotic dancer. You are a werewolf, Josh. And you're kidding yourself. Nora... Till next time... Every monster has their own version of an addiction. It's written into our nature. We need the blood, the strength, the power. But the curse of those of us with darker urges is that when we let the cravings inside us take over, someone else pays the price. Did you miss it? Did you miss me? We don't have to fit 80 years into a week. We've had enough. There's work to be done. Your tolerance isn't what it used to be. There's work to be done there as well. And when a monster sets sail for rock bottom, there's no telling what destruction he'll leave in his wake. Being Human S02 e05 - Addicted to love Rough night? See, it's funny because you're noncorporeal, completely unable to do things like drag race or take that last ill-advised J?gerbomb. I got it. Thanks. Although, even the very first J?gerbomb's ill-advised. Did you know that they're banned in certain parts of Australia because of the effect the stimulant/depressant combo has on the-- Wow! It's really that bad? No, not if you intend your face to colour coordinate with your snugly cardigan. I wonder what the other vamps would think about your intimate knowledge of women's separates. So seriously though, what happened to you? Nothing. I just, uh... I had fun last night. I thought we were all far too tortured to have fun. Yeah, and that's why I've been experimenting with people. Well, not just people really. One person. A woman. Dr. Forest's girlfriend, Janet. Oh, Tim Forest has a girlfriend! Cindy in peds is gonna be crushed. For how long? You know, it seems innocent enough. Dinner and a movie, maybe a little walk afterwards, argue over whether or not 3-D is leadin to the inevitable downfall of modern cinema. - Maybe some fro you. - We talked about abbreviating. - Sleeping with him? - Sleeping with him! Excuse me! You're using this poor woman's body to have sex-- With her hot boyfriend that she already wants to have sex with. You know you're an epic buzz kill, right? This possession stuff, it is addictive. But you know that already. Look at you. Really? How's your track record lately? Because you sure don't look hungry anymore. That's just deflection. Eat me, Josh! Eat you or the meat suit that you're possessing? It's just sex, OK? Fine. Yeah, I'll put an end to the greatest time I ever had. I'll stay in my own intangible body. I'll learn to love my yoga pants and try to forget what it is to sprawl naked in a bed with another human being. Is that what you wanna hear? I can't believe you convinced me to change my shift. No earthly man can resist my powers of persuasion. Besides, you work too much. Oh, says the single-minded career woman. Well, sure. Sure. My job is very important to me. So important. All those, um.. work thingies. Babe, don't take this the wrong way 'cause, you and me, things are great. Me too... babe. But lately, you've been, I don't know, different somehow. When I was a kid, my dad used to take me to this Firemen's Carnival with the rides that looked like they'd collapse if a bolt came loose. And I never wanted to leave. I wanted that feeling to last for as long as it could. I feel more myself in this bed with you than I have in years. I mean, um, not that any of that actually happened, uh... It's more like a metaphor. No, wait, not a metaphor, like a fable. No. I don't know. I'm not a writer. Wait, maybe I am a-- Till next time... You gotta be kidding me. He doesn't wish to be disturbed. My maker! This is... Well, to be honest, the best I could locate in a pinch. Introductions were brief and altogether nameless. Suren is a royal, a very high-strung, very possessive royal! I'm well aware of her delicate disposition. Why would you be so foolish? When you made me, you never warned me how much I'd enjoy myself. Let's hope that your ststupidity is due to your yout. But Suren was made almost 700 years ago. She may seem like a Vanderbilt to you, but she has the blood of warriors. So do I. I was doing us a favour. They need to know, Mother and the rest, that we're not so far from them. That's how you prove it? By making with every dame you see? Is this about me or your own regret? It's because of Suren that I spared you. See to it that she doesn't regret it. We need to sit down with Cecilia. Bishop's old guard is giving her a hard time. What a bore. I've been gone for most of the century and men are still pissing all over everything. How are you still speaking? I'm twice your size. The amount that we've had to drink... I'm more than twice your age, pet. I'll talk to Cecilia tomorrow. But now... No, wait, wait, wait. Is that why cleanups were backed up last week? I'm taking care of it. When? We haven't left this hotel. Women know how to multitask. Is that the alarm? This had better be good. Mother... Henry, we have to leave-- You're looking fresh. A happy side effect of ignoring your responsibilities? Word didn't reach you at the lake house? We've been quite busy. Yes. The hotel is thriving. People from Iowa seem to love a checkered past. The police force is in check. So the spike in murder is dense. We're handling it. Of course. Tell me, was my command that the illegitimates be culled in some way unclear? They've gone into hiding. Drawing them out has been impossible. Perhaps if you prioritized business over pleasure. Leave us. My daughter and I are overdue for a heart to heart. Your release was a gift, Suren. An unearned privilege. My release was a test. Sending Aidan, bringing me back here. A daughter of mine should know how to rule, whatever the circumstances. Because you clawed your way up from nothing. Yes, I know. Mother Builds an Empire was your favourite bedtime story. What did you think I was doing all that time in that cold black nothing? Humming Cole Porter to myself? I know what I'm doing. I could've spun this town into gold and you would've still found fault. If we are pretending to care about Bishop's pathetic orphans, fine! They're organizing! Thanks to you, they've had time to learn how to survive and to fight. But it seems you're traipsing down Aidan's path of mercy. What a pleasure to watch a man twist your mind... again. I didn't choose who dug me up. You did! Josh! I'm stuck. Sure you are, ma'am. I'll just page psych. Josh, it's me, Sally! You're Josh Levinson and your favourite TOS movie is Search for Spock, but you tell people it's Wrath of Khan to save face. I'm Sally Malick and I need to get out of this body. I must have done it too much or stayed in too long. And I was so weak going into it. And it's harder to get out! And I just-- I came here looking for Zoe and then she... Wow! You are, like, completely hairless. No, I'm not! You promised you would stop. I lied, OK? I lied. I really like him, Josh. Who? Dr. Forest? He's-- Sally, he's on an amateur jai-alai team. He's from Connecticut. Yes, and he's human! And he thinks your name is... Janet. Janet! Are you listening to yourself? Or are auditory challenges part of the pleasure that comes with wearing Janet's head? Maybe it has something to do with the whole first intimate connection with a person since my untimely death. Maybe that's clouded my judgment a little bit. No, no. You've lost all judgment, Sally. You're addicted to it. So what now? So now you just possess this poor woman forever? Janet? Hey! What are you doing here? Uh... - Have we met? - Us? No. Well, I usually clean up the floor after you're done spilling all the blood all over it. So, no, I don't think we've actually... Not that your surgeries are unusually bloody. It's just that's what happens here in the hospital. I was just... I was asking this guy where your office was. You know I don't have an office. Aren't you meeting my mom back at my place? I have that surgery now. Sure! Your mother. Yeah! Yeah, sure! Of course. I've got a little bit of time. How about I walk you back to the apartment? - OK. - OK. Janet? Yeah! Coming! Bye. I'm sorry, but I'm awfully busy curing people using scientific nonhypothetical procedures. I understand your skepticism, Nora. It's just that-- I don't think we understand each other at all. Josh told me everything. Mm-hmm. I'm a mutt. You're a purebred. So while my lowest of werewolf social orders forces me to hold down an actual job and save my OT for a bubble bath, you spend your days living it up at Wolf Castle, or whatever it is you do. We're all more alike than you think. And Brynn and I just wanna help. But Josh doesn't wanna be a wolf. He wants to be normal, more than anything. And I don't like you taking advantage of him. Nora, that is not what you're afraid of. You're afraid that if Josh does find the cure... ...he'll make you take it too. Look, I hate to say it, but it'll be better without my father around. - Because he's, um... - On that golf retreat. Relax. That was the whole point of you meeting Mom here. So that we could be casual and put last time behind us. No... She's my mother. Stay away from me. What? Stay away. I said stay the hell away from me! - Janet! - Ah! Janet, are you OK? I think so. What the hell just happened? I don't know. Will? Hey. I'm sorry to just show up like this at your work. Yeah, no, you--you can't just show up here. I saw you the other day on Salem, near the hardware store. Then again last night. I was coming out of the bar with Dean and Suzie... How are they? Fine. They're good. Actually, I thought you saw me too. No. Look, it's... It's fine. I get it. I guess I wouldn't talk to me either. It's just seeing you... Look, I just need you to know that I'm sorry, OK? I've changed. No, Will. No. We can't do this. Nora? Josh... This is Will, my ex. How could you even let him near you after what he did? Because maybe I don't wanna feel like that all the time. Feel what? Justifiably threatened, scared? I'm done talking about this. The guy goes hat in hand for one 2-minute conversation and you've forgiven him for landing you in a hospital bed? Listen to yourself. Listen to me? You're supposed to be the nice-guy alternative? You know what? Let's not do this right now. Tonight's the full moon. We're both on edge. You're right. A waning moon will definitely make your reunion with your psycho ex-boyfriend a lot more palatable to me. We're angry too, Josh. He hurt one of our own. Nora is not yours. You know, he's right. Avenging Nora is Josh's responsibility. The dude's a contractor, right? It won't take much to find him. I'm not like the two of you. But you've seen him now, Josh. All right? This Will. And every night that you lie with her in bed and your hand brushes against the spot where he marked her, he'll haunt you. So, no, maybe I'm not like you, except if Nora was mine, I couldn't live with that. Hey. Josh, right? What are you-- Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hey! Nora used to bend a little more blue-collar. Must be working her way up the only way she knows how. Say something else about her. I'm begging you. Stop, please! No, no, no. I'm sorry! I just wanted to talk to her. Josh! Oh my God! Oh my God! Are you OK? What the hell do you think you're doing? Get out of here! God! Are you OK? OK... No, not again. Absolutely not! You... Do you know me? Did you have a pleasant family visit? Or did you manage to single-handedly ruin a woman's life as predicted? I've been here before. Miss, can we help you? Oh, no, no, see, Sally here got stuck in her little fleshy pleasure sack, and now she wants us to clean up her mess. Oh crap! This house... I see it in my dreams. I know something's coming for me. Something dark. And it all started here. You know what? It's entirely possible that you got our address inverted, 3836 instead of 3638. Because it happens all the time. We order a ton of pizza. - I need your help! - Best of luck to you! I did that, didn't I? Leave it alone. She knows the house! She knows about the-- It's like Janet was in my head. I gave her back her body and I left a piece of my spirit. I have to help her. I have to tell her what happened. - You gotta stay away from her! - You should go and make it right. Excuse me? "Be careful, Sally, "possession is addictive"? No, we can't just do whatever we want because it feels good, OK? I won't possess her! I'm gonna talk to her. I fail to see how that can happen unless your powers have suddenly progressed beyond pushing paperclips-- Josh! What? It's not up to you to tell her when to stop. Will's gonna be fine. The doctor released him. That's a good thing, Josh! He's also refusing to press charges. So you've managed to avoid jail time, in spite of your best efforts. I'm not going down this road with a guy again. Do you still have feelings for him? Feelings? When Will hurt me, after I checked out of the hospital, I never went back. I left my home, my friends, everything I owned. There was nothing worth having to see his face ever again. No matter what he says... no matter how much he thinks he's changed... I'll never forget what it felt like to be that helpless. Josh... Wolf or no wolf, that guy, the one who has a few too many and flattens a bar full of people because somebody makes eyes at his lady, that's not who you are. And I love you. So it's not who you have to be either. I have to go back inside. But I'll see you at the storage space? Yeah. OK. Hey. I love you too. She's gone. If that twit mobster figured out where the orphans are hiding, I know you can too. You can't let her do this to you. Do you even remember what it's like to have a mother? Then don't tell me how to deal with mine. Culling those vampires and restoring order is our duty. This town has potential. I won't let it be ruined by Bishop's delusional urchins, regardless of Mother and her eternal checklist. It's what I wanted from the beginning. Refuse me again and this is over, all of it. Do you not want to be free? You know it's messier than that now. I do. She'll send me to ground again, Aidan. She will. Maybe never dig me up. Help me. I... I know where one of their nests is. I knew all along. There he is. All the humans thinking we're just like them. And all the vampires wishing they were just like us. You'd be wise to make this a night to remember. It will be your last in Boston. Mother, why? I've had my fill of the city. And you've gained more than enough experience here. Then I'll stay behind. It's time I was out on my own. I often wonder if it will ever be time, child. But no worry. There will be other towns, other Henrys. And someday, maybe one of them will even be appropriate. Henry, we have to leave-- Out. Who is she? No one, darling. Just something that caught my eye. I was planning to feed. I was hoping you'd join me. No, I don't believe you. How many women? You're being ridiculous. Aidan, please. Tell Suren she's the only one I want. Aidan, tell her she's acting like a child. Aidan, wait. I warned you. To protect me? Please, you've been dizzy on her for months. You never come back here again. Leave, Henry! You've exposed us all. Leaving us no choice. Strike up the band. Lock the doors. No! Your weakness has just banished us back to the shadows. Let me go! No! Let me go! And you shall be punished. I will never forgive you for this! Perhaps a century to consider your failings will change your mind. NO! Mother, please don't! Please don't ground me! No! Mother! Janet... I'm so sorry. I wish that you could hear me so that you'd know this is all my fault. That you're not... crazy. Reaper... Nora... Shouldn't you be picking off Bambi in some faraway enchanted forest? I've been thinking about you today. Just wait. The moon's almost up. Make it fast. Connor and I, our parents, they taught us all about what it means to be who we are... to be grateful for our strength. I was raised with the wisdom of generations. And it devastates me to think that any wolf, that you... could be robbed of that kind of acceptance. I know what's happening to you, Nora. I can see the questions all over your face. And I think I can answer them. It started out as a curiosity. I wondered what he looked like now. Then I drove out to the house, parked. But a couple of nights later, I... I got out. I went to the window and I just watched him. Hello! Is anyone here? Now it happens almost every night. I watch him. And it takes everything I have to stay outside that window. And I... I fantasize. Whatever this thing is, this urge, I've never felt anything so strong. It's inside of me. And I--I know that it's my wolf. She's clawing at the surface. But you keep pushing her down. Are she and I the same? Abused? I need to know because I have to understand what she wants. I have to understand why I've been... I've been counting the days until a full moon... until tonight. Oh my God! She knows. She just wants to run free. How else will the two of you ever become one? Oh my God! No! This funeral home was the only hope many of them knew after Bishop turned them. They were here. Recently. I'll check the other rooms. They got word you were coming. Can you blame them? Running in fear of the great warrior. Hello, Aidan. Henry? It's been 80 years. You've been living with the orphans? I am an orphan. A lifetime older, but exiled all the same. You survived! Aidan... She can't see you. Aidan? Nothing. Aidan, what is it? You will never come back here again. Mother, please don't! Please don't ground me! No! Mother! Nothing. We'll just have to keep looking. Nora... Sync and corrected by dr.jackson for www.addic7ed.com www.tvsubtitles.net 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 