Falcón: Season 1, Episode 4 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Falcón 
 s1e4 - The Silent and the Damned Part 2 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Falcón (2012–2013): Season 1, Episode 4 - The Silent and the Damned Part 2 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Can I ask why you're here? He wrote to me. I, er...wanted to ask him about it... What happened to his...face? Poor Raphael. Who found him? Your brother. Simon has problems. Ignacio and his wife raised him as their own. He loved them. I don't even know what I've done! 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Do you know Raphael Baena? I just flew in from New York and I was supposed to meet with Raphael Baena but instead I am talking with a homicide cop. I'm taking you off this. Why? It's for the best. Left-handed cut. Left-handed cut? Not a trace of forensics on the body but I liked Guillermo Molina for it. You're left-handed. That a crime now, is it? The bodies are connected. Raphael Baena and Virgilio Guzman were silenced by the same killer. Who are you protecting? Someone's pulling your strings, who is it? 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 I'm suspending you with immediate effect. I've hurt my sister. I've taken everything from her. Manuela is grieving and so are you. OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Manuela... They both loved you more than me. No, they didn't. Yes they did. Rafa worshipped you, and as for Francisco... Apple of his eye. You were nothing to do with him. You were a stain on his pride, once you were born, I didn't stand a chance. Did someone hit you? Yes. Does it hurt? Yes. Good. Manuela, we have to talk... Do we? Yes. This can't go on between us, this... I miss you. Manuela. I used to think Ines was neurotic when she said you had no heart, but she was right. Even now, after everything you've done... It's all about you. I told the truth. Someone had to. You did what you wanted. You did what you wanted without caring about anyone else. Like you always do. No heart. Ice in your veins like your murdering brother. Oh, he has nothing to do with me. You share the same blood. Two brothers, one a psychopath, one a policeman. When's the policeman going to show his true nature? You don't mean this, you can't... You don't come near me. You don't come here, you've no right! I loved Rafa. It's your fault he's dead. It's not. It's your fault. It's not my... Bad blood. Blood will out. It always does. Javier! What are you doing here? I have to work. You'll make things worse for you. Come with me... We'll have a drink, we'll talk this through. You're on a disciplinary, son, you can't be here, you understand that, don't you? Don't you answer your phone anymore? I've been driving around looking for you. What happened to your eye? It's not important. Well, Calderon sent me to get you. He wants to see us. Jump in. It's his engagement party. Javier? It's all right. I need this, Alberto. Did you bring us a present? What a surprise. Don't let my mother see you. Do help yourself, Detective. I know you weren't invited. I saw the guest list. Yeah, I don't really know what I'm doing here. Calderon asked for me. Getting pulled back in? Well, I never wanted to be out of it. I should tread carefully with the judge. He's the most ambitious man I've ever met. Well, if his ambitions match with mine then I'm happy to live with that. Yes. But he's not the one getting hurt, is he? Javier. Take care of yourself. My first aid skills only go so far. Lobo's got his own political agenda here. There's a lot of powerful people got him his position and they all have a vested interest in Baena Constructions. But I don't like it when people think they're beyond my jurisdiction. It pisses me off. So, Javier, enlighten me. If Baena and Guzman were silenced, what were they going to talk about? The coup in Chile. September 11 1973. It's the same killer. I think it's Guillermo Molina, but he's not working alone. There's not a shred of forensic evidence on either of the bodies. You're talking about serious conspiracy here, corruption. You'd better be right about this. I'm certain of it. Hard evidence is there, a memory stick with a deleted file. I didn't find it in time. And there's something else. I can't put my finger on it. Not yet. OK, I trust your instincts. You and Ramirez continue the investigation. Sub rosa, under the radar. Find the hard evidence, and bring it to me and no-one else. Whatever you find, you bring it straight to me. I'll do the rest. All right? Could you give us a moment? Yeah. Looks painful. There's nothing I can do about the suspension or the disciplinary charge, but for what it's worth you've got my support. I appreciate it. Did you get into Baena's panic room? No, we couldn't get through the door. It's a biometric system, iris recognition. Needs the manufacturer. I sent an order for one of their engineers. What about Simon Ortega? He was charged with possession and released, we didn't have a reason to keep him. Baena committed suicide, there's no case. I want him brought back in. What can Simon Ortega possibly tell us about any of this? He's a smackhead. What's he gonna know about Raphael Baena? It's not what he knows about Raphael Baena, it's what Raphael Baena knew about him. He left him money, Jose Luis. Why? What did he feel guilty about? What did he know? Simon Ortega is the something else. First new message. Chief Inspector, it's Madeleine Flowers, can we meet somewhere private please? Thank you for coming. You're welcome. What happened to you? I walked into a door. What can I do for you? I saw the press conference and I didn't believe a word of it. I think Raphael Baena's death is suspicious and so do you. It doesn't matter what I think, it's not my investigation. It doesn't seem to be anybody's investigation. I'm a risk analyst. We have a significant investment in Baena Construction. If Raphael Baena's death is attributable to his cancer, we'll cope. If its suicide, we'll wobble, but if it's murder, then that's risk and I have to know! What are you expecting me to tell you? Whether I'm right in my thinking that this whole thing stinks of a cover-up. Then why don't you act on your instincts? Why come to me? What do you want? I want to do my job! Do you know how hard it is for a woman to get to the top of the finance industry? All the deals are made in the men's room. They stand in line measuring their dicks while the women stand outside wondering what the hell's been said. So I'm asking you to help me out here, please. Tell me what you know so I can do my job. Assume there's risk. Wait. Pull in. OK. Jose Luis, do you and I have a problem? Speak your mind. All right. I like to know what people are thinking and I like to know exactly which way they're going to jump if it all comes on top, but I don't know what you're thinking and if it does come on top I know the only way you're gonna jump is straight over the fucking edge, like with Lobo. Have you got a screw loose or something? Maybe. You don't play the game, Javier. That's our problem. Well, I did ask. How's Josefina? What you asking me about my kid for? I'm just asking about how she is, that's all. She's a fighter. She's gonna be OK. Who's she? That's Madeleine Flowers. You mess with me. I'll fucking kill you. You hear me? Impressive... She's well trained. She's not who she says she is. Eyelash or saliva? You choose. Guillermo Molina getting beaten up by a girl. I wish I had my camera. You didn't do the job right, Guillermo? You left a few loose ends. Like opening up my head. I don't know what you're talking about. We found your DNA on Raphael Baena's body. Fuck you. Yeah an eyelash, Guillermo. A tiny little eyelash. You're in big trouble. You missed something, Guillermo. You thought you destroyed it but you didn't. Guzman emailed the file to Baena, he hid it in his panic room. By morning, we'll have it. Two murders. Conspiracy. What do you reckon you're going to get, 20, 30 years? You don't have to tell us, we'll know soon enough but then you'll have lost the chance to cut yourself a deal. Clock's ticking, Guillermo. We know it's about Chile. Pinochet one of your heroes? Oh, is that the best you've got? Do you know who Madeleine Flowers is? That fucking yank bitch. She's agency, Guillermo. The coup in Chile was financed by the CIA. That's who she works for. Oh, you think you've got it all worked out now, don't you? What, you think this is about some ancient history from some country that's a million miles away? No. It's closer to home than you think. They kept each other's secrets until Baena started dying and stopped giving a shit. Kept whose secrets? Baena gave Pablo and Simon Ortega money...Ignacio raised Simon... brought him up as his own. That's it. You're starting to get closer. Ignacio Ortega. What's his secret? Tell me something, Falcon. What's it like finding out you're some Arab's bastard? What's it like to be a half-wog? I want my deal, I want it signed off, concrete. A lawyer present. Until then I'm not going to say another thing. Hey, come on, Falcon. Call Judge Calderon. Shit. Hello? Hello? Javier. Pablo Ortega's car. Pablo Ortega. Poor kid. Paedophiles. This is my dad's car. Yeah. Can you put that down, Simon? I know you. You made them put my shopping in the fridge. That's right, I did. Can you put that down, please? Where's my dad? Are they all right? Are they both all right? Please tell me they're both all right! Come with me and we'll talk. Look at me, Simon. At me, Simon. Just give that to me. Put it down. No. I know it wasn't you, You didn't do it. No! Some help! What was he doing there? Your father? He must have followed you. I never wanted him to know. What was the name of the boy, Simon? It would be good to know his name. I should have let him out. It's not your fault. It is my fault. All of it. I should have unlocked the door... but I wanted him to start liking me again. Who? Your uncle, Ignacio? It happened to you, didn't it? Please don't make me talk about it. I won't. I promise. I'm sorry. Pavarotti. The dog. He's going to miss my dad so much. How do you know it wasn't Simon? Simon won't talk, he can't. But Baena knew Ignacio was a child abuser, he had evidence. What are you doing? No... Javier, you're not... What are you..? You want to get into the panic room. Look, we just have to wait for the technicians. We need the evidence to arrest Ignacio Ortega. I'm not going to wait. Stop now, OK, let's just leave, if we get out of here now, no-one's any the wiser. Javier, I can't let you do this. It's already done. How come I'm the only one without a fucking drink then? What is this? Baena's confession. Let's take it apart. There's absolutely nothing here. It's here. There's nothing! You know what's going to happen to us? We're going to get hung out to dry! This is why we have our differences, Javier! Javier, we are fucked. If the CIA really are behind this we're even more fucked. Yes! Alberto, you retired! What's the matter with you? Go home! Just clearing my desk. Confirm your real identity. My real name is Miguel Acebo. Miguel "The Butcher," a confidante of General Pinochet. I was one of the architects of the coup. I will name names right to the heart of The Pentagon. I am a murderer, a torturer, and when I die I'm going straight to hell. And why now? Did the cancer finally give you a conscience? I want to stop it. He knows who I really am. He's always known. He used it to protect himself. I stayed silent so he would stay silent about me. He fucks children, Virgilio, little boys. He's a beast, and I said nothing, I did nothing for years and years, like a coward. Who are you talking about? Ignacio Ortega. I'll tell the truth about the past, about Chile, confess all my sins. To stop Ignacio Ortega. Why...why would you do that? I can't understand... You don't? I'm going to arrest Ignacio Ortega. You're going to arrest Ignacio Ortega. I'm going to watch. Senor Ortega? He's not in yet. OK. This is how it's going to fly. Go ahead, I'm intrigued. Virgilio Guzman was a victim of a violent mugging while vacationing in Seville. Raphael Baena, unable to bear the pain of his advanced cancer, took an overdose of morphine... His name was Miguel Acebo and he was one of Pinochet's torturers. Miguel Acebo was killed in Chile. History's not written according to your whim and convenience. Ignacio Ortega will be tried and the confession of Raphael Baena, also known as Miguel "The Butcher," will be played in court. Hmm, that's already been destroyed. Judge Calderon understands the bigger picture. He's given me the memory stick. Ignacio Ortega won't be going anywhere near a courtroom. You know what he is? Yes I do. And to protect your actions in South America, you're letting him continue to abuse children. Well, he isn't a risk. Tell his victims that. Um, don't think about taking this any further. That wouldn't be wise. If that's a threat it means nothing to me. I'll take it as far as I want. You pulled an eye out of a dead man's head! Gotta say, you have some style. Desecrating a corpse and you... ..you let him do it! That's your badge gone! What's your future hold, Detective? And your daughter being so ill, too. What's her name, Josefina? Going to have to take her abroad to get her treated for that tumour aren't you? And the cost...? Do you think that a bank will give you the loan that you need after you lose your job? It's an ugly world, gentlemen. But it's the only one we got. Have a nice day. If you want to go after the judge for this, I'll understand, I'll take whatever's coming. I'm not going to do that. What about Ortega? Go and see your family, Jose Luis. Have some breakfast and then go to work. I do hope you're not going to make a scene. We work well together, Javier. I don't see why we can't continue a working relationship with some properly observed boundaries. Good morning, Chief Inspector. Come in. Is it still Chief Inspector? No matter. Now, can I offer you a drink? Coffee, fresh juice, tea? You do know that Simon will never speak against me. He loves me, you see. Always has. And now he has no-one else. Not now you've killed his father. Your brother. If he'd stayed in his apartment with his ridiculous dog, weeping over his wasted life, he would still have it. I can get Simon to talk. You'd have to keep him alive for that. He will keep mutilating himself. Because of what you've done to him. Simon hates his body because it drove me away from him. He got older. That apartment was in my nephew's name. He locked that child in there for his own sick purposes. His father discovered it and then died in a dreadful accident. Cheap furniture, so flammable and Pablo a smoker, you know. Careless smoker. Boom. It's a tragedy. But I'm being very brave. I'm going to have you. You can't touch me, Falcon. I'm protected. By people more powerful than you. I do remember you. Little Javier. Such a surprisingly ugly little boy. I wouldn't have fucked you. Now, that whore you're sniffing around, Consuelo Jimenez she's got two sons, hasn't she? Hmm. Sweet little boys. Help. Please, please, please, please, please. It's Javier. Are you coming to see me? Yes. But I've got a favour to ask. Do your boys like dogs? They've been pestering me for one. Why? Well, I've got this dog. It needs looking after. Maybe for a long time, maybe for good, I don't know. You'd better bring him with you then. Come on Pavarotti, come on. He's made himself at home. Can I get you some coffee? Sure. Good boy. Are you a policeman? Yes. Have you killed lots of baddies? No, no he hasn't! He arrests the baddies and he puts them in prison. Excuse my children, they've been watching way too much television. Come in. It's a bit of a mess. Two small boys... I like it. Well, good. That's all right then. I have to feed the boys in a bit. It's not anything special, just simple but...do you want to stay? I would. Very much. The boys will tell you horrible jokes. They'll really want to show off for you. Mama! Mama! Excuse me a moment. Mum! There's a corkscrew... Mama! Somewhere, there's a corkscrew. You're the detective, you find it which will be great because then you can pour us a glass of wine and I can stop talking like an idiot. You're not. I like that you're here. Mama! Mum! Mum! Javier, what's happened, why are you leaving?? I made a mistake, I don't want to be here. Yes, you do want to be here, something's wrong, what is it? What's the matter? Tell me. Please Stay, tell me. Consuelo... ..look you come with a lot of baggage. Another man's children. That's not what I want. You're a liar. Javier! "Javier, "I hope and pray it wasn't you who had to scrape me off the road. "No-one else will understand why I did it, but you will. "It's the doing nothing I can't take. No work, what's the point? "The work is all that ever mattered to me "and it's all that matters to you and I fear for you. "So I leave you my unsolved cases, the murderers, "the abusers, the ones who got away. "Complete these unfinished tasks of mine, stay alive. "And go with God, my child. "Your friend, Alberto Montes." Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn  
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 