Falcón: Season 1, Episode 3 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 Falcón 
 s1e3 - The Silent and the Damned Part 1 - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 Falcón (2012–2013): Season 1, Episode 3 - The Silent and the Damned Part 1 - full transcript 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Fear's inevitable. Inevitable? I fight the bull. You fight the murderer with a gun. That's what we do. Two years of a bad marriage give me no claim on what will always be your father's house. Now at least we can end it. How long? You and the judge. None of your business. Everything is beginning to collide, Consuelo - but not connect. Are you sure you want to sleep with a suspect? Only this one. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Ladies and gentleman, Seville's newest Torero. I think my nephew is a target. Rafa! My condolences. More than ever I'm convinced the truth lies in the past. The killer's got your father's journals? He stole them from my father's studio. "I killed him because my son was not my son." That is not true. Just like the nudes. You were created by my father! We're brothers. See what he made you do - Papa. You were his five year old assassin. Your whole life is a lie. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 OpenSubtitles recommends using Nord VPN from 3.49 USD/month ----> osdb.link/vpn Rafa? And why choose me to hear your confession? Not many survived me? You did, Virgilio Guzman, You just refused to die. This is going to be dangerous - do you understand? There are powerful people who want me to stay silent. My name is Raphael Baena. I know where the money came from and who gave the orders, and when I die I'll be going straight to hell. You should lock up. I could have been anybody. How can you carry on living here? How can you bear it? Manuela's been in touch with me. Wanted me to recommend a good lawyer. You destroyed the paintings. By rights, they belonged to her. And she's going to start legal proceedings for this house. Did you recommend someone to her? Yes. The only time you ever look even vaguely interested in life is when you're surrounded by corpses. Am I the only person that finds that disturbing? Probably not. I'm sure there's others. You should meet and form a club. Manuela is ill, Ines. Her health, she's fragile. Don't encourage her. Oh, now you're concerned about Manuela's health? Shame you didn't think about that when you were destroying the family name and reputation. It was all lies. And you just had to pursue the truth at all costs. Was there something specific you came here for? I'm getting married. Anything to say about that? Anything at all? I hope you'll be happy. Bastard. You wouldn't rather be transferred? After everything? Wherever I go, everyone will know. Seville is my home. But the personal distress. Are you... Am I psychologically fit for the rigorous demands of leading a homicide department? It's been some months. I wouldn't be here if I wasn't ready. Alright. But I'll be watching. I wouldn't expect anything less. The integrity of the department is paramount. We need a storm. Fucking heat. This tastes like shit. 40 years in this job. 40 bastard years. Where's the dignity? Where's the respect? They love you, Alberto. How did it go with Lobo? Good. Holed up in that bloody house, climbing the walls. Not healthy. What you need is work, so much work you haven't got time to think. Who did they get in? Ramirez has been moulding your chair to the shape of his own arse. I think he reckoned he'd be there for a little while yet. Alright? I will be. Back into the snake pit with you, then. Go with god, my child. Cristina. How many times do I have to tell you? Knock first. May I come in? Homicide. Raphael Baena, construction magnate found dead at his house. No sign of forced entry. Looks like suicide. Local police are in attendance. Consuelo speaking. Hello? I saw him through the window. He was just lying there. Can I ask why you're here, Senor Ortega? Yes, Baena wrote to me. I wanted to ask him about it. And... What happened to his... face? What had he done to himself? His mouth? I'm sorry. No, it's alright. We can talk later. Make sure he gets home safe. Was that Pablo Ortega outside? He called it in. My mum was crazy about him. Saw all his movies. Even the terrible ones. His brother works for Baena, doesn't he? Ignacio Ortega works with Baena. Financial Director, deputy CEO. He's a power broker in his own right. I'd like a background check. See if Baena had any military training. Military? The only people I know this obsessively neat are ex-military. What do you think of this? "Please be assured that no matter what happens, "provisions have been made for you and your son. "My money cannot buy you happiness, "but it may buy you both some hope and healing. "Sincerely yours, Raphael Baena." Does that mean Pablo's son Simon has just become incredibly rich? He's known to us. Narcotics. Theft. But a multi-millionaire leaves him money? I'll put an alert out for him. His father might know where he is. Not according to the Scanner magazines. They're estranged. I don't read them. My mother does. About Jose Luis... ..you might not know this, but his daughter's chemo... So if he seems a little tense... Thanks. Why drink drain cleaner? He was wearing a morphine pump. There's a fridge full of Oramorph, gun in every room. If he wanted to end it all, he had plenty of options. Why drain cleaner? He's full of shit? Falcon. Judge Calderon. Jose Luis, if you could ask the technicians to come in here, I want to get inside this panic room. Raphael Baena, King of Concrete. And amateur butcher. Of all the things I expected to find in his house, this wasn't it. Did you know he had cancer? First I'd heard. I'm not surprised they kept it quiet. Cancer doesn't play well with the shareholders. Nor does suicide. Someone else was here. Based on what? The spattering of the drain cleaner. It's all too artistic. Too much like suicide. Let's wait on forensics, but I hope you're wrong. Murder plays even less well with the shareholders. The last thing Seville needs is for Baena construction to go down. I'm not wrong. Can you give us a moment? Thank you. I don't want you to hear this from anyone else but I proposed to Ines. She said yes. I hope you'll both be very happy. We're having a party to announce it officially. If you would like to... I'm probably going to be busy. Yes. Of course. Has Ignacio Ortega been informed yet? No, not yet. You do realise the press is going to be all over this, don't you? Are you sure this is right for...? It would have been right at the time. I didn't ask for time off. I was told. Ines's mother is coming to the party. I've not met her before. Any advice? Don't mention my name. Ignacio Ortega's office please? Fifth floor. Thank you. Poor Raphael. I can hardly believe it. Who found him? Your brother. My brother? What was he doing there? I believe Raphael Baena had written to him. Written? Yes. Your brother had tried to call you, but you didn't answer your phone. I was preparing for a meeting, investors... it was an important day for Raphael and me. We'll need to examine Senor Baena's office, his computer hard drive... Whatever you need. I have to go... to speak with the board. Raphael's death is a shock to us all. Do you know where your nephew might be found? My nephew? I'd like to speak with him. I'm afraid I don't. Despite the best will in the world, despite the best intentions, Simon is lost to us. I'll call you back when I know more. My boss. Letting him know what's happened. Want to know what's going on in a company, ask the receptionists. They know everything. Madeleine Flowers. And you are Javier Falcon. Homicide. Which makes me very nervous. Why should that make you nervous? The company that I represent has a major investment here. I've just flown from New York, and I was supposed to meet with Raphael Baena, but instead I am talking with a homicide cop. We attend all cases of sudden death. Yeah, well the words sudden and death are not making me any less nervous. What were you expecting to discuss with Raphael Baena? I meet with him, take the temperature of the company, analyse any potential risk to us and the shareholders. Did you know him? No. Is this illness the cause of death? I can't answer that until we've had the pathologist's report. My card. Just in case you need to get hold of me. May I have yours? Sure. Yeah, I know. I know. He doesn't like the heat. Eh, do you, Pavarotti? Ah, yes, my son, Simon. Before it all went... wrong. You won't remember me, but I used to come to parties at your father's house. Little Javier. Such a serious boy. Serious eyes. Your father used to say that when you looked at people, it was like you were weighing their soul. Well, long time ago. When we were kings. Were you close to Raphael Baena? No. Not at all. Why do you think he wrote you that letter? That's what I wanted to ask him. I thought he might have some news of Simon. What was meant by hope and healing? Simon has problems. Drugs. He's been in and out of prison... Did Raphael Baena know this? Very little about my life has been private. It's embarrassing for Ignacio but he's never turned away from me. He pays for this place, gives me an allowance. He's always been there to pick up the pieces. And Simon? Your brother said he was lost to you both. I think he's here. Somewhere in Seville. He hates me. Why do you say that? His mother overdosed. I wasn't faithful, I wasn't... ..discreet. And when she was gone, I couldn't bear to be in the same room as my own son. He looked so much like her. Ignacio and his wife raised him as their own. He loved them. I keep expecting the call to tell me he's dead. I don't know. Listen to me, I might as well be in the confessional. If you find Simon, you will let me know? Of course. I came as soon as I could. This must be a shock. No, no I'm alright. No, I'm... I was just saying to the inspector here we knew him as a young boy, remember? No, I'm afraid I don't but... But then Pablo always had the good memory out of the two of us. Raphael wrote you a letter? What did it say? There's nothing unusual on Baena's mobile or landline - calls to his oncologist, between himself and Ignacio Ortega, a call to a restaurant Home and office computers? Office computer wasn't tampered with, but the home computer was wiped. Before it was wiped Baena copied a file from an email, a large file, probably onto a memory stick Who did the file come from? All I've got is the sender name - nine circles. A bit more time and we should be able to get the location of the sender from the IP address. What's on the file? There's no way of knowing. We need the memory stick for that. Someone who commits suicide knows what's going to happen. So does someone in the advanced stages of a terminal illness, they know they're going to die. So this, no matter what happens, he's writing about something else. I need to take this. I'm running a background check. I'll follow up on the restaurant. No, no, I'll do that. Raphael ate here regularly. Always the same table - quiet, at the back, out of the way. He liked rich food that he couldn't eat. Not since he got so ill. I thought his illness was a closely guarded secret. Men tell me things they wouldn't tell anyone else. Most men tell me things. It was you earlier, wasn't it, Javier? Did you put the phone down because you didn't want to talk or because you did? These past months... ..it's not that I didn't want to... I just couldn't... Thank you. Falcon, Falcon! Falcon! How did Baena die? Was it a glass of milk like your mother? I'm taking you off this. Ramirez will work to Calderon. Why? This tottering goat-fucker here is as much for you as they are Baena. We don't want your recent history raked over again... Everything's been said. They can rake up all they want, I've got work to do. Maybe you should think about your sister. Can she take these bastards door-stepping her again? Right. It's for the best. Javier? Called in by someone walking their dog. Expo site. Probably a dead tramp. Simon Ortega apprehended. Bringing him into the station for questioning. Where's my shopping? It's got to go in the fridge. The meat. It's got to go in the fridge. It'll spoil. It's got to go in the fridge. Put his shopping in the fridge. Go on - do as he asks. I can't be here right now. Not right now. I've got stuff to do. Important stuff. If you can let me go, I swear, I swear on my life, I'll come back later. Alright, just give us a minute. What important stuff do you have to do, Simon? I don't even know what I've done! That's alright, it's alright. I just want to ask a few questions and the sooner you can answer them... Ask me, cos I have to get out of here. Did you know Raphael Baena? He left you a lot of money. Can I have a word with you outside for a moment? This isn't your case. It's mine. And I'm the one who'll be talking to him. OK? Then I'd like to be present when you do. It's not your case! And I won't be questioning him just yet because he's used. Wait until he's tearing chunks out of himself and he'll tell me whatever I want. Jose Luis, he had 1,700 Euros hidden in his shoes. He's probably dealing. Or somebody, maybe Raphael Baena, gave it to him. The notes are fresh, they're new - examine the evidence before you jump to conclusions. It's not your case, it's mine! Get back to your dead tramp. You can't keep me here. Tell me what I've done. I just want to see my son! Tell me what I've done, hmm? You can't keep me here! Tell me what I've done. Simon... Where have you been? Fuck off, Dad. Look. They said you had lots of money on you? Just fuck off. Fuck off, Dad! Get the fuck away from me! Look, I'm just trying to help... I'm only... Yeah he's alive at least. That's something. Yes. He's going to be here for a while. So if you'll come back... No, no, no. I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to wait for my son. If you need anything. Alicia. Hi. Poor bastard took some beating. What's this? It was inside his shirt. Your man wasn't itinerant, because in my experience, homeless people don't tend to have their clothes laundered. OK, contusion to right side of the face. There's an impression of knuckles, I'm saying left handed killer. Tongue removed at the root, whilst victim was still alive. ID? No finger prints, nothing. Dental - forget it. He wore a combination of dentures and crowns. Interesting fact - his teeth didn't fall out, they were pulled out. Like these. He's been tortured. Or he had a shit manicurist. How old are these scars? Not recent, between 30 and 40 years I'd put it? What did you find out on Raphael Baena? Have you been told not to talk with me, Alicia? It's not your case, Javier. Leave it at that. Alright. Thank you. 12, 13 years old, if that. No name, no ID. She's number seven this year, unidentified kids murdered and dumped, that I've had to sign off on. And they're the ones that have been found. I pledged my whole life to putting a stop to this shit and now I can retire, safe in the knowledge that I've done absolutely fuck all. Remember all that time I spent in Marbella? Working a tip off on trafficking juveniles? I got the lead from a gang member right here in lovely Seville. He was found with his tongue cut out. The leads folded, I spent six weeks chasing ghosts. Left handed cut? Left handed cut. Not a trace of forensics on the body but I liked Guillermo Molina for it. The name's familiar. Oh, you name it, he runs it. Guns and drugs. Fascist and proud of it. An outstanding bag of shit. Thug for hire. You have a look at him. Guillermo Molina? Can I help you? Nice neighbourhood. It is isn't it? It's clean. Peaceful. White. Got us to thank for that. Left to you lot, this place would be crawling with filth. You're left handed. That a crime now, is it? No, but it's distinctive. Hey. Shame about your nephew. Had the makings of a good torero. You know my ticket was 100 euro that day? Don't worry, wasn't completely wasted. I went to see a death... and I saw one. May I speak with your manager? Can I help? It won't take long. Can we turn this up, please? Thank you for your attention. Now, I can confirm that Raphael Baena, CEO and founder of Baena Construction, has been found dead in his house. At this point in time we can't speculate as to the precise nature of his death, but there is no evidence of foul play and everything points to natural causes. Thank you. The names of every male guest who had their clothes laundered by housekeeping in the last two weeks. Which are kept down here. Virgilio Guzman. Nine circles. I'm sorry? Dante was led through the nine circles of hell by Virgil. I don't follow... You've a guest by the name of Virgilio Guzman. I'd like to see his room and a copy of his passport. There it is. He was Chilean. You'll be discreet, won't you, Inspector? We have a reputation. You saw the press conference then? Was the file retrieved from Baena's hard drive? Apparently it's not a priority any more. And what did you get from the background check to his military training? Cristina, what are you not telling me? Raphael Baena had no military training. Raphael Baena died in a hospital in Toledo from diabetes on the 31st August, 1984. But you're not supposed to know that. Baena Constructions - the gold standard international company built from nothing. A company that will lead Spain out of the recession and will continue... Get out, Javier! These scars on Baena's face, plastic surgery, yes? Just nod or shake your head Alicia, that way you're not talking to me. Recent? Ten years ago? 20? 30? But the other body, those scars are older, yes? 40 years. They might be. His name was Virgilio Guzman. He was Chilean. There was a military coup in Chile 40 years ago. September 11, 1973. General Pinochet's regime of rape, torture and murder. If you were involved in that, wouldn't you want to change your face? This isn't Raphael Baena. So who was he? Who told you not to talk to me, Alicia? How far up does this go? Just get out. The bodies are connected! Raphael Baena and Virgilio Guzman were silenced by the same killer. But you knew that already, didn't you, Commissioner? Virgilio Guzman, nine circles. Baena was emailed from that address seconds before he died. Why? Who told you to lie? What did you just accuse me of? I'm accusing you of covering up a double homicide. What's Baena's real identity? Who are you protecting? Someone's pulling your strings. Who is it? OK. Perhaps we should... Is this what the Chief Commissioner gets to do? Bury a few bodies for his friends? I'm suspending you with immediate effect. You will be called to a disciplinary hearing. If I get my way, you will be handing out parking tickets at the arse end of nowhere for the rest of your fucking life! Yeah, fuck you. Rafa? Who is it? It's Consuelo. Hi. Hello. Oh my god! What happened? You should go to the police. I am the police. You were the police. The judge came to my restaurant. I overheard him telling Ines. That's why I came. And what did Calderon have to say? He was defending you. I'm not on trial. Oh, yes you are. You are your very own judge, jury and executioner. I'm going to tell you something I would have told you a long time ago if you'd let me. What? You are not to blame. Rafa, the lies your father told, your mother's death... it's not your fault. I've hurt my sister. I've taken everything from her. You just told the truth. Someone had to, after all these years. But Manuela is grieving and so are you. You'll have a scar. There are three people in my life I care about. Two are my sons. Take a wild guess who the other one is. My number. Use it. There are other lives besides the one you are trying so hard to lose. I think Raphael Baena's death is suspicious and so do you. It doesn't matter what I think, it's not my investigation. Javier, what are you doing here? I have to work. Javier, I can't let you do this. Simon. No! It's the same killer. He's not working alone. You're talking about serious conspiracy here, corruption. You better be right about this. I'm certain of it. Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 Previous Episode 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 