John Adams: Season 1, Episode 1 script  | Subs like Script 
 
 
 
 SUBSLIKESCRIPT 
 
 
 Movies 
 TV Shows 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Tv shows 
 John Adams 
 s1e1 - Join or Die - script 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 John Adams (2008): Season 1, Episode 1 - Join or Die - full transcript 
 In an emotionally charged trial John Adams defends the British sentries involved in the Boston Massacre who contend they were provoked into firing on the assembled crowd. John's success brings him offers of positions in the Massachusetts government. But after John Hancock rouses a crowd to tar and feather a representative of the British East India Tea Company and the British respond to the growing unrest with oppressive measures, John instead speaks against the British policies and chooses to represent Massachusetts in the Continental Congress. 
 
  subslikescript horizontal links top  
 
 
 Hup! Hup! Hup! Lobsters for sale! Lobsters! Who'll buy? Lobsters! Clean out my shit bucket, lobster! Who'll buy lobsters? Hup! Hup! Hup! - Lobsters! Who'll buy? - Go back to England! Take that! Hit 'em right in the head! We are people, not an animal, lobster! Thattagirl. 
  subslikescript native automated 'subslikescript article'  
 
 Come on now. Come on, you old fool. Get over here. Come here. There we go. Ah, look at that. Quite a big one, huh? That must have hurt. You lost. I did. I could tell by the set of your shoulders. My client alleged that his neighbor's horse had trampled his crops. 
  subslikescript square adaptive  
 
 And had it? Hard to say. There were no witnesses and the beast refused to testify for some reason. Hey, follow me! Father. Allow the child to breathe, John. There, can you breathe now? Did you go to the farm? Mr. Bass is sending a cord of wood. And there's a fence down in the south field... Fire! It's a fire! Where is it coming from? Mr. Adams! Mr. Adams! Coming coming coming coming! Here we go. Here we... There we go. There we go. Off we go. Reload! Please help me! Help! Anyone, please! Murderers! No! No! Don't fire. Do not fire, lads! - Come on! Come on! - Help me! Look at me. Yes? - Can you breathe? - My son. Is this your boy? Murderers! Come away. Come away, Sam! Shoot me too, Preston, if you dare! Sam, Sam, come away! You'll suffer the full penalty of the law! Sam! These people need to be tended to. These people need our help here, yes? Go! What happened, Father? - We looked, we couldn't see the fire. - It's all over now. Just a little hubbub is all. Nothing to worry about. Return to bed. Bed! Both of ya! British soldiers fired into a crowd on State House Square. God help us. I thought it might come to this. - People were killed? - Uh-huh. I cannot say what number... one of them no more than a child, from what I could see. I have no words for it, Abigail. "Omnia Gallia in tres partes divisa est." "All Gaul is divided unto three parts." Good. Who do you think would divide Gaul? - John! - Beggin' your pardon. - Yes? - Mr. Adams, my name is Forrest. What happened to you? It's nothing, sir. I'm known to be a friend of the soldiers here. What is your business, sir? I'm here to ask you to help a man. Captain Preston. No one else will plead his case. Come in. I will get a basin to dress those cuts. That's very kind. Thank you. Here. Sit. Sit. Come, here. Can it harm to go and see this soldier? - Aya. - How? Because you will find a way to believe him. He may be telling the truth. All your clients tell the truth, John Adams, but your prospective client is the most despised man in Boston. By the time the news of last night's events spread, I have no doubt he will be the most despised man in all of Massachusetts. - It will be much talked of. - Ah. Ambition. Counsel is the last thing an accused person should lack in a free country, Abigail. Then accept it. But will I be condemned for it? They will say you are the Crown's man. I care not for malicious tongues on either side. These are the murderers. May God forgive them. And you too, sir. Captain Preston, you wish to engage my services in your defense? They've all refused us, sir, every man jack of them. They say you're a man of integrity, Mr. Adams. Well, you may expect from me no art of address, no sophistry or prevarication in such a cause. Nothing more than fact, evidence and the law will justify, Captain Preston. But before I can even consider taking your case, I must hear your account of what happened. My men came to the aid of a sentry outside the customhouse. He was being abused by the crowd. They asked me to empty their shit buckets. I told 'em to back off, but they kept at it... screaming at me, throwing things. Mr. Montgomery called for the guard. I led them to the square, we made formation facing the crowd, bayonets fixed, muskets loaded. Look, I gave no order to fire, sir. I swear. I was standing in front of the men. I was talking to a big fella. He had a club and... I think they call him Palmes. Yet some of your soldiers did fire, Captain Preston. As of this morning, five are dead... men and boys. My men acted in self-defense, Mr. Adams, as God Almighty is our judge. The hotheads have finally tasted blood. We cannot be surprised by it. The presence of the soldiers here is much resented. Of course, the people of Boston would be lining up to pay taxes if they were represented in Parliament. But the fact remains that they're not, and defiance will not ensure their inclusion. Our other colonies understand this. Why can't Boston? Do you speak as yourself here or as the attorney general? The man and the office are one in the same. The governor is pleased that you've taken on the Preston matter. I was not aware that the governor took any notice of me at all. You do not think it merited? Ah, well... it is not for me to say. Well, surely, John, you did not move your practice from the country to go unnoticed in Boston. Jonathan... Please do not trouble yourself with a rebuttal. I know you too well. You're a hero, boy. You haven't much of a case, John. Do I not? No Boston jury will ever vote for acquittal. Thank you for your kind advice, Sam. This is not a time for showing how clever you are, cousin. This is a time for choosing sides. I am for the law, cousin. Is there another side? There are those who fight for our rights - as natural-born Englishmen. - Yeah! And those that would strip us of those rights! I do not have the luxury of your birth or your purse, Sam, to spend my days fomenting dissension. I intend to prove this colony is governed by law... John. - Whatever you and your Sons of Liberty may say on the matter! John. We're all Sons of Liberty here. Hear hear. The jury are all but certain to have judged this issue before they hear a word of evidence. "Does the government of King George have the right to tax the citizens of Boston when they are denied representation in the Parliament in Westminster?" Charles, stay away from the fire! But this is not a trial about taxes levied on Massachusetts. You would do well to acknowledge it. No, it is a trial about whether or not Captain Preston ordered his men to fire on that crowd, and if that crowd was a lawful assembly or a mob. Remove yourself, sir! Nabby! Charles, please. The... the... the resentment of Boston towards the Crown is irrelevant! Do not ignore it. It must be said. Acknowledge it as a fact. Do not comment. Do not sit in judgment of the jury's prejudice. Suggest that they must rise above it as you have done. You have a higher opinion of juries than I. You must persuade even more, and mask your impatience with those less intelligent than yourself. Good heaven. Is my demeanor in the court on trial now? I would not dream of telling you how to conduct yourself in court. Would you not? I heard Captain Preston plain as day. "Damn your bloods!" He said. "You won't treat me this way." Then he told the soldiers to fire. And how would you describe the behavior of these young lads just before the soldiers fired? Throwing snowballs. Ah! Snowballs! Well, a terrifying prospect for armed soldiers... snowballs! Oh, they didn't like it, sir. Chilly on the skin and all. Mr. Adams. Mr. Goddard, when you arrived in the square, you had ample opportunity to observe the crowd, huh? I did, sir. Mmm. And were any of them carrying anything apart from snowballs? Well, let me see. I don't recall, sir. Were any of these men carrying clubs? - They were, sir. - Indeed? A lawful assembly. Not a riot, a lawful assembly in which people were carrying clubs. To make certain nothing unlawful occurred, perhaps? The men are rope makers, sir. As any true Boston man would know, the clubs they were carrying are for beating out rope. For beating out rope, indeed? But could they not also be used for beating out men's brains? No! There was no riot! Any man who suggests there was is lying! Order! Uh, Mr. Goddard, where exactly were you standing when you say you heard the officer in the dock, Captain Preston, give the order to fire? Close enough to have touched him, sir. Mmm. And where was he standing? He stood behind his men, sir. I see, I see. Behind his men? I will ask the jury to take note of that. Mr. Holmes... would you please describe the events you witnessed on the night of March the 5th? I saw some boys near the sentry... at the customhouse door. And what were they doing, these boys? - Making a noise. - Shouting... at the sentry? I suppose. Were they doing anything else? What were they doing? Throwing ice, sir, and oyster shells. And did this harassment continue with the arrival of Captain Preston and his men? Yes. It did. Did you yourself pick up everything you could find and throw it at them? Yes, sir. How many people were there about, Mr. Holmes? Near 200 boys and men before it was over. 200 boys and men. Good heavens. And as you say, they were all throwing ice and oyster shells. Were they throwing anything else? Did they throw their clubs, Mr. Holmes? As you say, this crowd, they were making a great hullabaloo, huh? - Yes. - They were shouting? - Yes. - Mmm. What were they shouting to the soldiers? Just before the soldiers started shooting... Yes? ...I heard the people say... What did you hear them say? Please, Mr. Holmes. What did you hear them say? "Fire, damn you. Fire!" "Fire! Fire! Fire, damn you! Fire!" Now, did you take this to be the cry of "Fire" or bidding these soldiers to fire? No, they meant for the soldiers to shoot, sir. You say that this crowd actually dared the soldiers to fire? That they did. God help me, they did. Thank you, sir. Mr. Palmes? Mr. Palmes. I know that you spoke to Captain Preston. I simply want you to say what you saw that evening. If British soldiers fired on a defenseless crowd without provocation I will be the first to want to see them hanged for it. But suppose they are innocent. I do not wish to see innocent men die in my name. Do you? I wish to point out that my next witness does not appear in support of either party. The court calls... - Richard Palmes. - Richard Palmes... to come forth and be heard! Richard Palmes! Mr. Palmes, Captain Preston has told me... that you were standing next to him just before the fatal moment. I was. So close, in fact, that your coat was scorched with musket fire. Did you have occasion to exchange words with the accused? I did. What did you say to him? I asked him if he had intention to order his men to fire on the crowd. And what did Captain Preston reply? He said... as he was standing in front of them... he would be foolish to do so. So you are prepared to swear he was standing in front of his men... not behind them as Mr. Goddard told us? Mr. Palmes... and when did you hear the command to fire? After the first shot went off. And did these words come from behind his men? I think they did. Could you swear that Captain Preston did not shout that command? I could not. Very good, Mr. Palmes. Captain Preston, you have heard the words of Richard Palmes. Do you agree that you were standing not behind, but in front of your men? I do, sir. Order! It was while I was speaking with him the first shot was fired, sir. Without your giving orders? Indeed, sir. If I may recall to the court the words of Richard Palmes. I asked him "And when did you hear the command to fire?" And he answered "After the first shot went off." Which man fired, Captain? Young Mont... Private Montgomery, sir. And what caused this man to fire, Captain? He received a severe blow with a club, sir. He fell to the ground and his musket discharged. After that happened, more clubs, bats... Order! Order! Order! - Planks rained down on my men! I was telling them not to fire, sir! Order! But some voices were urging them to fire. "Fire! Fire! Fire! Shoot me if you dare." They were, sir. Where did these voices come from, Captain? From the alley behind my men, sir. Voices from a crowd saying... Shouting "Damn your bloods! Why don't you open fire?" Kindly recall for the court the evidence of Robert Goddard. "I heard the voice of Captain Preston say 'Damn your bloods! ' And then he gave the order to fire." Be still. Allow me to finish. - Well? - John, how can I answer if you'll not let me finish? - You did not like it. - I did not say that. Oh, you did not have to. It is a fine summary for the defense. There is... is much to admire. It is, perhaps, at times... Yes? John, there's not a person in Boston who doubts your education. - Your command of language... - Oh, dear. You are charming me, Abigail. You never charm me unless what you're about to say is cutting. John... - vanity. - Vain? You have overburdened your argument with ostentatious erudition. You do not need to quote great men to show you are one. My purpose is to show that certain principles are eternal. And that men of great minds have... - why are you laughing? - Through the ages agreed on certain basic principles. A noble purpose, no doubt. But some of the jury might think that you want to prove the brilliance of the speaker rather than the truth of the case he is arguing. Well, perhaps in certain passages, a more direct line... might be an improvement. Well, I can see that I am to have no sleep tonight. Hmm. Hmm. Would you have me lose all the quotations? John. What species of homicide is this? Is there, in law, such a thing as voluntary manslaughter? No, a person cannot justify killing if he can by any means make his escape. He that commits a cruel act voluntarily is guilty of malice aforethought. And malice was very much on these prisoners' minds. By the very act of loading their muskets with powder and ball, they have proved this. They stand condemned by their own actions. Hear hear. Yes. Yes. Order! I ask that you heed the words of the indictment, that the accused, not having the fear of God before their eyes, but being moved by the instigation of their own wicked hearts, did perpetrate nothing less than murder. You must pronounce them guilty! Guilty! Guilty! Guilty! Order! I am for the prisoners at the bar. In the words of the Marquis of Beccaria... "If by supporting the rights of mankind I shall save from the agonies of death one unfortunate victim of tyranny, or of ignorance equally fatal... His blessings will be sufficient consolation to me for the contempt of all mankind." When people are taxed without representation, they are sometimes to feel abused. And sometimes they may even rebel. But we must take care, lest borne away by a torrent of passion we make shipwreck of conscience. The prisoners must be judged solely upon the evidence produced against them in court and by nothing else. And the evidence we have heard speaks plainly enough, gentlemen. A sentry's post is his castle! And to attack it, by English law, is an illegal act. Soldiers so assaulted may defend themselves to the death. The people are crying, "Kill them! Kill them! Knock them down!" And they're heaving sharp cutting ice, oyster shells, clubs. What are they to do, behave like stoic philosophers lost in apathy? Disregard these uniforms. Consider the men who wear them. Consider yourselves in such a situation and judge if a reasonable man would not fear for his life. Facts are stubborn things. See, whatever our wishes, our inclinations... or the dictums of our passions... they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence. You see, the law on the one hand is inexorable to the cries and lamentations of the prisoners. But on the other hand, it is deaf, deaf as an adder to the clamors of the populace. Gentlemen of the jury, I submit to your candor and justice... the prisoners and their cause. All those trees we planted... keep them well pruned. They should fetch a shilling each. And perhaps we should try flax instead of corn this year in the north pasture. - The jury's back already, sir. - Thank you. An ill omen for our side. Go. Don't leave those lying all about, Charles. Here. Well done. On the charge of murder... we the jury find the accused, Captain Thomas Preston, not guilty. Order! - Hang them! - Order! Hang them! On the charge of murder, we the jury find the accused: John Carroll, James Hartigan, Matthew Kilroy, William McCauley, Hugh Montgomery, William Warren, William Wemms and Hugh White... not guilty. Order! There being further business before the court I hereby declare this session adjourned! God save the king! God save the king! - God save your king! - Move. Bastard. - Well well, gentlemen. - Thank you, sir. Captain Preston. - Mr. Adams. - Please take this, sir. It isn't much, but it's from the lot of us... Now if I were you, I'd confine myself to barracks for a good while, yeah? What about yourself, Mr. Adams? You really think you're gonna be safe from this rabble? No, you forget, Captain Preston, you have just been acquitted by a jury of New England men. Massachusetts is my country, sir. - With me, lads. - Thank you, sir. Well... I have done it, Mrs. Adams. Oh! Oh! There will be no living with you at all now, I suppose. Children, congratulate your father. - Congratulations. - Congratulations, Father. Well, thank you. Thank you. - Charles, fetch my pipe. - Yes, sir. - Nabby, tea. - Yes, Father. Johnny, come here - and help me with my boots. - Yes, Father. - There we are. - Oh, John. Harder! There we go. Whatever the cost to your practice, your defense of Captain Preston has earned you a reputation for impartiality. If you were now to speak out in opposition to the Crown, it would lend gravity to our cause. I know you share our sympathies, cousin. Why not stand for election on the Massachusetts Council? I have no talent for politics. I am by nature far too independent-minded. And besides, I hardly think that my name will add luster to your cause at this time. Half my clients have left me since the trial. - John. - I have already served one term on the Massachusetts Council and it made me ill with work, work which made it almost impossible for me to attend to my practice. Well, I have no desire to serve again. I thank you for your offer, gentlemen... but my family must take precedence. Many in Boston are unable to make their living. The Crown's policies are reducing them to poverty. - No, you exaggerate, sir. - We are required... - Mr. Paine... ...are required to import British goods and then expected to pay for the privilege. They've taxed our paper, our glass, the lead in our paint... even our playing cards and dice. All such taxes, I remind you, repealed. Repealed because we've spoken out against them. And we'll continue to do so. Without your support it would seem. I cannot oblige you, gentlemen. I'm sorry. The office of Advocate General in the Court of Admiralty has become vacant. Is that so? Huh. I have spoken about you to the governor. We were both of the opinion that you would be... the ideal candidate. Well, I'm flattered. A recommendation has been agreed to by the king. The appointment is yours, John, and brings with it the powers and privileges attached to the king's name. Congratulations, John. Well, it's no secret, John, that your practice has fallen off since the trial. Well, for the most part, that is the case. This would be an entree to the most profitable business in the colony. What do you say, my friend? You do not speak, John. Qui tacet consentire? Mrs. Adams means to say that her husband's silence suggests that he is willing to have his name put forward to King George. My father was a shoemaker. My mother could not read. And I have been singled out for preferment by the King of England. I am for the law... and yet, in whom is the power of that law vested? The king. I am for the law... and yet who can give me preferment? The King of England. Ah, to be the king's man, and all that it would carry with it. So what is it Mr. Hancock requires of me? He would like your advice. Well, if he is in need of legal advice, I will speak to him. But if this is yet again an exercise to win me over... John, this is business, John. The Dartmouth, The Eleanor, The Beaver, just in, their holds full of tea. All British ships. The king demands that their cargo be unloaded, cargo on which we, the citizens of Boston, must pay a new tax. You will not land this cargo, gentlemen! This is legitimate cargo, tea from the East India Company that you are bound by law to unload. What's legitimate about it, friend? No other tea is allowed in Boston Harbor! Either we drink the king's foul brew or nothing at all. And who may you be, sir? John Hancock, ship owner. Not John Hancock, smuggler? Watch your words, sir! I'm an honest man being strangled by monopoly! Shame on you, sir! Shame on you! Shame! Shame! Shame on you! Shame on you! Shame on you! - Shame on you! - Sam! Teach him a lesson! Tar the bastard! Tar him! Tar him! No, Sam. For the love of God, Sam! This is barbarism! Barbarism! Tar him! Tar him! John. Tar him! Tar him! Tar him! Feather him! Do you approve of this? People are hurt when they fight - for what is rightfully theirs! - Do you approve of brutal and illegal acts to enforce a political principle, Sam? Answer me that, can you? I am afraid of where this may lead us... if we do not chart our course carefully... together. This colony does not dictate to Parliament, John, nor to the king. If the Crown decides tea is to be taxed, it will be taxed. Well, would you have the empire bankrupted? The war we fought to expand our territory, to protect our borders from the Indians and their French allies, it was a costly affair. I'm not here to debate the necessity of taxes, Jonathan, but the manner in which they are imposed. Massachusetts must shoulder its share of the burden. And be treated as second-class citizens? Without the rights and liberties of natural-born Englishmen... Oh, liberty in this colony has often carried a taint of anarchy. My offer still stands, John. The Crown has a high opinion of you. So do I. The Crown is misguided, but it is not despotic. I firmly believe that. Your cousin does not. Nor his many friends. They have cause. It seems my cousin and his friends intend to take the government of this colony into their own hands. People are in need of strong governance, Abigail... restraint. Most men are weak and evil and vicious. "Whereas dangerous insurrections have been fomented in the town of Boston to the utter subversion of His Majesty's government and the utter destruction of the public peace, be it enacted that no goods or merchandise whatever be transported to or brought from any other colony or country." "Be it enacted for the suppression of riots, tumults, all disturbers of the King's peace are to be transported to England for trial." "Any British soldier or officer charged with a capital crime will, in like manner, be transported out of the colony to receive a fair hearing. Be it enacted that for better regulating the government of Massachusetts, the present council is to be immediately disbanded. Be it enacted that Royal Army officers are authorized to quarter their troops among the citizenry. General Thomas Gage is hereby dispatched with four of our regiments to compel compliance with all these measures." Gage's ships will close up the bay and cut us off from the rest of the country. Boston must suffer martyrdom. Our principal consolation is that it dies a noble death. Our people will not stand idly by. They have weapons and they know how to use them. Against the British Empire? A congress will be meeting in Philadelphia to determine how to recover our rights and liberties. I have nominated you to represent Massachusetts. We're sending five men. You should be among them. Does this congress have any legal authority? Since all assemblies have been outlawed, I cannot imagine that it does. Sam, I repeat, does this congress have any legal authority? Tosspots. Massachusetts is in a state of open rebellion... the abuse of customs officers, 342 chests of tea spilled into the harbor by vandals masquerading as Indians. The time for gentleness has passed. These acts strip us of our rights, Jonathan, our rights... the power of self government, the replacement of court officers loyal to the Crown... the position that you yourself offered me. Which you refused. Which I would no doubt be ineligible for now as I am not a loyal Tory. The Crown believes that the courts of Massachusetts are hopelessly biased. They can no longer be trusted to deliver justice. I see. Did Captain Preston and his soldiers not receive justice? I staked my reputation and the security of my family on a case that will now be tried in England because he is an English officer? Are we considered too young, too unprincipled to understand justice? The Crown has ruled, John. The only reasonable course left is obedience. And you would do well to remember that and act accordingly, old friend. Good day, old friend. From our Committee of Correspondence in Virginia, we hear that the House of Burgesses has selected deputies to join the great Continental Congress. We have heard tonight from our own representatives to Congress convening in Philadelphia... Mr. John Hancock... Mr. Robert Treat Paine and Mr. Elbridge Gerry. I give you now a new delegate from Massachusetts... a man whose prudence and probity are well known to you all... Mr. John Adams! - Let it be known... - Speak up! Let it be known that British liberties are not the grants of princes or parliaments... that many of our rights are inherent and essential... agreed on as maxims and established as preliminaries even before Parliament existed. We have a right to them, derived from our Maker. Our forefathers have earned and bought liberty for us at the expense of their ease, their estates, their pleasures and their blood. Liberty is not built on the doctrine that a few nobles have a right to inherit the earth. No! No! It stands on this principle: That the meanest and lowest of the people are, by the unalterable, indefeasible laws of God and nature, as well entitled to the benefit of the air to breathe, light to see, food to eat and clothes to wear as the nobles or the king. That is liberty... and liberty will reign in America! They have chosen their delegate well, John. Have they? To argue against the Crown, the Commons, the Lords... - John... - No, we New England men are not fit for the times, Abigail. What have we seen of the world beyond Boston? What have we seen? I fear we not know what we do, Abigail. When men know not what to do, John, they ought not to do they know not what. I want you to keep your head and look after your mother and your brother and your sister. Charles, put those things back! Are these britches suitably dignified for a delegate of the great Continental Congress of America? A delegate's britches are one of his most important tools. Why is that? Because the art of politics is the art of applying the seat of the britches to the seat of the chair. It's the procession! All a gift from the Sons of Liberty! God help us. My old horse will suit me just fine, Sam. A plain horse for plain John Adams. Well, come on, John! And if it is a girl, we will name her Elizabeth, after your mother. - Your favorite waistcoat. - No no no, it's okay... - No, I have not packed it. - It's nothing. Will you be safe? We will go to the farm. We will be fine. Good. Won't let anyone steal the place, John. Been in your family since Charles II. - Go. Go. - Yeah. Go. Forgive me, Abigail. For what, John? Goodbye, you little pumpkins. John, you remember what I said. - To Philadelphia! - Philadelphia! To Congress! Look sharp, boys! Look sharp! Scum! In. {{{the end - part 1}}} 
 
  subslikescript horizontal adaptive media  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Next Episode 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 main-wrapper div ending 
 
 Have any questions? Contact us: subslikescript(doggysign)gmail.com |  DMCA 
 
 
  wrapper ends  
 